Quepos is a canton in the Puntarenas province of Costa Rica . The head city is in Quepos district .
Toponymy
It was named Aguirre until February 2015 , when its name was changed following a vote in the Legislative Assembly . The name Quepos refers to the Quepoa people who inhabited this area in pre-Columbian and colonial times .
History
Quepos was created on 30 October 1948 by decree 235 .
Geography
Quepos has an area of km² and a mean elevation of metres .
The canton lies along the central Pacific coast between the mouths of the Damas and Barú rivers . The northeastern border runs through high , remote coastal mountain ranges . The county is most famous for being the home of the Manuel Antonio National Park , the most visited national park in Costa Rica .
Districts
The canton of Quepos is subdivided into the following districts :
Quepos
Savegre
Naranjito
Demographics
For the 2011 census , Quepos had a population of inhabitants .
Transportation
Road transportation
The canton is covered by the following road routes :
References
Cantons of Puntarenas Province
Populated places in Puntarenas Province
Rindgea is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae described by Alexander Douglas Campbell Ferguson in 2008 .
Species
The maricopa species group
Rindgea subterminata ( Barnes & McDunnough , 1913 ) Texas
Rindgea nigricomma ( Warren , 1904 ) Louisiana , Texas , New Mexico , Arizona
Rindgea adjacens ( Dognin ) Mexico
Rindgea heliothidata ( Guenée , 1857 ) Hispania , Venezuela ?
Rindgea piccoloi ( Rindge , 1976 ) Baja California , Arizona
Rindgea parcata ( Grossbeck , 1908 ) Arizona , New Mexico , Mexico ( Baja California , Sonora )
Rindgea disparcata Ferguson , 2008 Texas
Rindgea stipularia ( Barnes & McDunnough , 1913 ) Texas
Rindgea prolificata Ferguson , 2008 Texas , New Mexico , Arizona , southern California
Rindgea maricopa ( Hulst , 1898 ) California , Arizona , Nevada , Texas , Mexico ( Sonora , Baja California )
Rindgea flaviterminata ( Barnes & McDunnough , 1913 ) Texas
The s-signata species group
Rindgea indeterminata ( Warren , 1906 ) Mexico
Rindgea s-signata ( Packard , 1873 ) southern Texas , northern Mexico , New Mexico
Rindgea cyda ( Druce , 1893 ) Louisiana , Missouri , Oklahoma , Arkansas , Kansas , Texas , New Mexico , Arizona , California , Mexico
Rindgea ballandrata ( Wright , 1923 ) Arizona , Mexico ( Baja California , Sonora )
Rindgea hypaethrata ( Grote , 1881 ) Arizona , New Mexico , Texas , northern Mexico , Baja California
References
Geometridae
Geometridae genera
The 1917 Giro di Lombardia was the 13th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 4 November 1917 . The race started and finished in Milan . The race was won by Philippe Thys of the Peugeot team .
General classification
References
1917
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
The Wogamus languages are a pair of closely related languages ,
Wogamusin and Chenapian .
They are classified among the Sepik languages of northern Papua New Guinea ; Malcolm Ross and William A. Foley ( 2018 ) place them in the Upper Sepik branch of that family .
The Wogamus languages are spoken along the banks of the Wogamush River and Sepik River in western East Sepik Province , just to the east of the Iwam languages .
Noun classes
Wogamus languages have noun classes reminiscent of those found in Bantu languages . Noun classes in Wogamusin and Chenapian are listed below , with Wogamusin -um ‘ three ' and Chenapian -mu ‘ three ' used as examples .
{ |
! Class no . ! ! Semantic category ! ! Wogamusin prefix ! ! Chenapian prefix ! ! Wogamusin example ! ! Chenapian example
|-
! 1
| humans || s ( i ) - || s ( i ) - || s-um || si-mu
|-
! 2
| higher animals : dogs , pigs , etc . || r- || gw- || r-um || gw-umu
|-
! 3
| plants , trees , vines , etc . || b- || b- || b-um || b-umu
|-
! 4
| no specific pattern || h- || n- || h-um || n-əmu
|-
! 5
| no specific pattern || ŋgw- || kw- || ŋgw-um || kw-umu
| }
Vocabulary comparison
The following basic vocabulary words are from the Trans-New Guinea database . The Wogamusin data is from Foley ( 2005 ) and Laycock ( 1968 ) , and the Chenapian data is from SIL field notes ( 1983 ) .
{ | class= '' wikitable sortable ''
! gloss ! ! Chenapian ! ! Wogamusin
|-
! head
| toapᵒ ; tuwap || towam
|-
! hair
| taoɛnavon ; taunabon ||
|-
! ear
| gwabuo ; ugwabə || mam
|-
! eye
| džinano ; ǰinino || li
|-
! nose
| mɨnɨk ; munɩk || boliŋ
|-
! tooth
| diu ; duɨʔ || ndəl ; ndɨl
|-
! tongue
| taun ; ton || taliyen
|-
! leg
| soʷanaup ; šonawəp || su
|-
! louse
| damian ; dəmiaʔ || tetak
|-
! dog
| gwara ; ogwara || wal
|-
! pig
| kᵘo ; ku ||
|-
! bird
| džɛosiʔ ; ǰɛoši || yah
|-
! egg
| noə ; ṣⁱu no ||
|-
! blood
| ne ; nᵊe || noh
|-
! bone
| dža ; ǰa· || rubwi
|-
! skin
| bɩn ; bön || mbe
|-
! breast
| mu ; muʔ || muk
|-
! tree
| məntəp ; montoap || mbotom
|-
! man
| tama ; tamö || tam
|-
! woman
| tauwo ; tawö || taw
|-
! sun
| džabɨn ; ǰaƀan || yam
|-
! moon
| nu || luh
|-
! water
| džoʔ ; ǰoʔ || yək ; yɨk
|-
! fire
| un || kur
|-
! stone
| nogɛrao ; noguařo || noŋg
|-
! road , path
| uni ||
|-
! name
| tamgu ||
|-
! one
| nař ; sⁱərəʔ || a ( M ) ; ed ( F )
|-
! two
| ǰⁱək ; nɛsi ; ṣiṣi || nwis
| }
Footnotes
References
Upper Sepik languages
Blue Wind ( 3 May 1978 – 21 June 1996 ) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic Oaks Stakes in 1981 . They showed promising form as a two-year-old in 1980 when they won two of their five races including the Silken Glider Stakes . In the following year they finished second in the Irish 1,000 Guineas and then showed their best form when moved up in distance , winning the Oaks by seven lengths and following up in the Irish Oaks a month later . In 1982 they were campaigned in the United States without success . They made no impact as a broodmare .
Background
Blue Wind was a dark chestnut mare with a white sock on their left hind leg bred in Ireland by Betty Laidlaw . They were sired by Lord Gayle , an American-bred stallion who won the Prix Perth in 1970 . Lord Gayle 's other winning progeny included Carroll House , Desirable , Gay Lemur ( Jockey Club Stakes ) and the leading hurdler Pollardstown . Blue Wind 's dam was a granddaughter of the broodmare Dunure , whose other descendants included the Irish Derby winner Dark Warrior and the St Leger winner Bollin Eric .
As a yearling the filly was sold for 5,600 guineas and sent into training with Paddy Prendergast .
Racing career
1980 : two-year-old season
Blue Wind finished unplaced over six furlongs on their racecourse debut , and then ran second over seven and a half furlongs . In August they recorded their first victory when they won a seven furlong maiden race at Gowran Park by five lengths . In September they were moved up in class and distance for the Group Three Silken Glider Stakes over one mile at Leopardstown Racecourse and won by two and a half lengths from the Dermot Weld-trained Overplay . Blue Wind was sent to France in October for the Group One Prix Marcel Boussac . They dead-heated for sixth place , two and a half lengths behind the winner Tropicaro . In November , the filly was sent to the Goffs Sales where they were bought for 180,000 guineas by representatives of the American owner and breeder Diana Firestone . Blue Wind was moved to the stable of Dermot Weld at the Curragh , County Kildare .
1981 : three-year-old season
Blue Wind made their first appearance as a three-year-old at Phoenix Park Racecourse in April when they won the Edenderry Stakes over one mile . On 23 May , they were ridden by Wally Swinburn in the Irish 1,000 Guineas over one mile at the Curragh Racecourse . Racing on heavy ground , they started at odds of 6/1 and finished second of the fifteen runners , a length behind the winner Arctique Royale .
On 6 June , Blue Wind was one of twelve fillies to contest the 203rd running of the Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom Downs Racecourse . Ridden by the veteran Lester Piggott they started 3/1 joint-favourite with Leap Lively , a filly who had won the Fillies ' Mile and the Lingfield Oaks Trial . The other leading contenders were Go Leasing ( third in the 1000 Guineas , 11/2 ) , Tropicaro ( 6/1 ) and Madam Gay ( 10/1 ) . Leap Lively went into the lead from the start and set such a strong pace that most of the other runners were struggling before half distance and with three furlongs left to run only Blue Wind and Madam Gay were still in touch with the leader . At this point , Leap Lively began to struggle and Piggott sent the Irish filly into the lead approaching the final quarter mile . Blue Wind quickly established a clear lead and drew away in the closing stages to win by seven lengths from Madam Gay , who was in turn ten lengths clear of the exhausted Leap Lively . With the rest of the field separated by similarly wide margins Timeform described the finish as bearing `` some resemblance to that of a three-mile steeplechase '' . Blue Wind 's winning time of 2:40.93 was more than three seconds faster than that set by Shergar when winning the Derby over the same course and distance three days earlier . Blue Wind returned to Ireland for the Irish Oaks at the Curragh on 18 July . Ridden by Wally Swinburn , snr , they were made 4/6 favourite against nine opponents headed by Arctique Royale and the Musidora Stakes winner Condessa . Blue Wind took the lead on the turn into the straight , went clear of the field , and held off the challenge of Condessa to win by two and a half lengths . Blue Wind 's form was boosted by the performances of Madam Gay who won the Prix de Diane , and finished second to Shergar ( beaten four lengths ) in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes . In late summer , Weld described Blue Wind as `` the best I 've ever trained ... a really super filly '' .
Blue Wind was rested for two months before returning in the Joe McGrath Memorial Stakes over ten furlongs at Leopardstown Racecourse in which they were matched against colts and older horses . They were made the 2/1 favourite but never looked likely to win and finished fourth of the twelve runners behind Kings Lake . On their final European start Blue Wind ran in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp Racecourse on 4 October . They started at odds of 13/2 , being coupled in the betting with the other Firestone runner April Run , but was never in contention and finished fifteenth of the twenty-four runners behind Gold River . Timeform 's view was that the filly never fully recovered from their hard races in spring and summer .
1982 : four-year-old season
In 1982 , Blue Wind 's owners brought them to race in the United States , where they were trained by Stanley M. Hough . They did not reproduce their European form , failing to win in seven races . Them best placings came when they finished third in Allowance races at Belmont Park ( twice ) and Saratoga .
Assessment
In 1980 , the independent Timeform origination gave Blue Wind a rating of 110 , fourteen pounds below their top-rated two-year-old filly Marwell . In the following year they were given a peak annual timeform rating of 127 , six pounds behind Marwell . In the official International Classification they were rated the third-best three-year-old filly in Europe behind Marwell and April Run . In their book , A Century of Champions , based on the Timeform rating system , John Randall and Tony Morris rated Blue Wind an `` average '' winner of the Oaks .
Stud career
Blue Wind was retired from racing to become a broodmare for their owner 's stud in Virginia but their record was very disappointing . They were exported to Japan in 1991 and died at the Taiki Farm in Hokkaido on 21 June 1996 . They produced eight foals between 1984 and 1996 , three that won minor races :
Legal Circles ( bay colt , foaled in 1984 , sired by Alleged ) was unraced
Carefree Dancer ( chestnut colt , foaled in 1987 , sired by Nijinsky ) , won four races in Ireland
Sapphire Breeze ( bay filly , foaled in 1988 , sired by Lyphard ) failed to win in three races
Coast Wind ( brown filly , foaled in 1989 , sired by Chief 's Crown ) third in only race
Shinko Easter ( chestnut colt , foaled in 1992 , sired by Tony Bin ) won one race in Japan
Taiki Mistral ( bay colt , foaled in 1995 , sired by Dancing Brave ) raced in Japan and won one race
Pedigree
References
1978 racehorse births
1996 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Thoroughbred family 4-d
Epsom Oaks winners
A Deadly Shade of Gold ( 1965 ) is the fifth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald . The plot revolves around a solid gold Aztec statuette , and takes McGee from their home of Florida to Mexico and Los Angeles . The cover bills this novel as a `` double-length adventure '' and is about twice as many pages as the previous Travis McGee novels .
Plot
The back of the first edition paperback states , `` A long-ago face from a faraway past - Sam Taggart dropped in from nowhere on the girl he 's left behind - and on their old buddy Travis McGee . At one o'clock that night McGee opened the door to Taggart 's cheap motel unit to find their friend 's throat neatly cut from eat to ear and their boy lying in a lake of blood smelling like freshly sheared copper .
McGee was left to inherit the legacy : Taggart 's vengeance-driven woman and an ancient Aztec golden idol . The girl would plunge McGee on a wild and perilous trek which led from the Lauderdale beaches to the seething corruption of American expatriates in a distinct Mexican town. , to the lush highlife of the California jet set .
Themes
This is the first book in which the character simply known as `` Meyer '' plays a substantial part . John MacDonald introduces them in the first chapter : “ He looks like a diarama ( sic ) of Early Man in the Museum . of Natural History . They have almost as much pelt as an Adirondack black bear . But they can stroll grinning down a beach and acquire a tagalong flock of lovelies the way an ice cream truck ropes children . They call them all Junior . It saves confusion . They are never ever seen with one at a time . They live alone aboard a squatty little cruiser and is , by trade , an Economist . They predict trends . They acquired a little money the hard way , and they keep moving it around from this to that , and it keeps growing nicely , and they do learned articles for incomprehensible journals . ''
References
1965 American novels
Travis McGee ( novel series )
Persoonia chamaepeuce , commonly known as the dwarf geebung or heathy geebung , is a plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to south-eastern Australia . It is a prostrate shrub with crowded , linear leaves and yellow flowers in the leaf axils .
Description
Persoonia chamaepeuce is a prostrate shrub , sometimes with the ends of the branches raised to a height of . The young branches are more or less glabrous . It has smooth , glabrous , linear leaves which are long , wide , straight or curved with the upper surface slightly dished . The flowers are arranged singly in leaf axils on a glabrous pedicel long . The flower is composed of four hairy tepals long , which are fused at the base but with the tips rolled back . The central style is surrounded by four yellow anthers which are also joined at the base with the tips rolled back , so that it resembles a cross when viewed end-on . The anthers have a spine about long on the end . The ovary is glabrous . Flowering occurs from December to March and is followed by fruit which are yellowish-green , oval-shaped drupes about long and wide .
It is sometimes confused with the similar Persoonia chamaepitys , but this latter species has more crowded terete leaves .
Taxonomy and naming
Persoonia chamaepeuce was first formally described in 1856 by Carl Meissner from an unpublished manuscript by Polish botanist John Lhotsky . Meissner 's description was published in Prodromus Systematis Naturalis Regni Vegetabilis . The specific epithet ( chamaepeuce ) is derived from the Ancient Greek words chamai meaning `` on the ground '' or `` dwarf '' and peuke meaning `` pine '' . German botanist Otto Kuntze proposed the binomial name Linkia chamaepeuce in 1891 , from Cavanilles ' original description of the genus Linkia but the name was eventually rejected in favour of Persoonia . In 1919 , French botanist Michel Gandoger described three species all since reallocated to P. chamaepeuce ; P. effusa , P. myrioclada and P. viridula . Gandoger described 212 taxa of Australian plants , almost all of which turned out to be species already described .
The genus was reviewed by Peter Weston for the Flora of Australia treatment in 1995 , and P. chamaepeuce was placed in the Lanceolata group , a group of 54 closely related species with similar flowers but very different foliage . These species will often interbreed with each other where two members of the group occur , and hybrids of P. chamaepeuce have been reported with Persoonia asperula , Persoonia confertiflora and Persoonia linearis .
Distribution and habitat
The dwarf geebung grows in woodland and forest along the tablelands south from the New England district in New South Wales to Victoria where it is widely distributed and locally common in montane and subalpine areas .
Use in horticulture
This geebung is suitable as a groundcover and has well-displayed flowers . It can be propagated from seed but requires a sunny position in well-drained soil . Although slow growing , it adapts readily to cultivation in areas of temperate climate .
References
Flora of the Australian Capital Territory
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Victoria ( Australia )
chamaepeuce
Plants described in 1856
Tim A . Ice ( born June 6 , 1974 , in East Liverpool , Ohio ) is an American Thoroughbred horse racing trainer . While in their early teens their family moved to Louisiana where they lived near Louisiana Downs in Bossier City where they now make their home . However , Tim Ice began their career in racing at tracks in the American Midwest . They worked as an assistant to Keith Desormeaux for five years throughout the midwest . After a short hiatus they then worked for Cole Norman in Louisiana and Arkansas . They followed that with two years under Morris Nicks .
2009 marked the first time Tim Ice was on their own and they earned their first stakes win with Affirmed Truth in the March 28 Rainbow Miss Stakes at Oaklawn Park .
By far their greatest success came with the three-year-old colt Summer Bird who won four of their nine starts and earned $ 2,323,040 . In the third leg of the 2009 U.S . Triple Crown series , on their 35th birthday Tim Ice won the Belmont Stakes with Summer Bird . The colt went on to win two more Grade 1 races , the Travers Stakes and Jockey Club Gold Cup , and was voted the American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse of 2009 .
Off to a slow start in 2010 , on February 9 , owners K.K . and Vilasini Jayaraman decided to transfer their stable from Tim Ice to other trainers . Summer Bird , along with five other horses , were sent to trainer Tim Ritchey .
References
Oaklawn Park biography for Tim Ice
Tim Ice at the NTRA
February 9 , 2010 ESPN article on Tim Ice
1974 births
Living people
American horse trainers
People from East Liverpool , Ohio
Darenzia is an American latex fetish and fashion model who resides in New York City .
After being laid off from Penthouse in November 2003 , Darenzia began a full-time modeling career , often appearing with a bright blue mohawk and facial piercings , placing them between mainstream and alt porn since they have no tattoos . They have been described as `` the fetish world 's most sought after model/personalities . ''
Career
Darenzia was born in Allentown , Pennsylvania . They have appeared in Penthouse and Playboy and has been photographed by Steve Diet Goedde , Aaron Hawks , Holly Randall , and other fashion photographers .
They have also appeared in several GiantessZone videos , portraying giant or shrunken women appealing to those with macrophilia or microphilia fetishes .
Darenzia has been deemed a `` sultry burlesque icon '' by Ethan Sacks of the New York Daily News , and ranked # 2 on AskMen 's 2009 list of the top 10 modern fetish models .
Appearances
Darenzia was featured on Episode 6 of Spike TV 's Ink Master as a photo reference for a pin-up tattoo challenge . They also star in the 2012 anthology horror film The ABCs of Death . They are featured on the cover of Carlton Mellick III 's novel Punk Land in which they are also the inspiration for the main character . A regular model for Atsuko Kudo , they represented the brand at Prada 's `` Iconoclast '' store opening event . They have also modeled for Vex Clothing . In 2007 , they performed at Marc Jacobs ' holiday party .
Personal life
Darenzia has a degree in English literature .
References
External links
Darenzia at Facebook
Darenzia at Instagram
Darenzia at Twitter
Darenzia on Model Mayhem
Living people
Actresses from Allentown , Pennsylvania
American female adult models
Female models from Allentown , Pennsylvania
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Fetish models
21st-century American women
Summadevi railway station is a railway station on Khurda Road–Visakhapatnam section , part of the Howrah–Chennai main line under Khurda Road railway division of East Coast Railway zone . It is situated beside National Highway 16 , at Summadevi in Srikakulam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
History
In between 1893 and 1896 , the coastal railway track from Cuttack to Vijayawada was built and opened to traffic by East Coast State Railway . The route was electrified in several phases . Khurda–Visakhapatnam section was completely electrified by 2002 and Howrah–Chennai route was fully electrified in 2005 .
References
Railway stations in Srikakulam district
Khurda Road railway division
Right on Time may refer to :
Right on Time ( Brothers Johnson album ) , 1977 , and its title song
Right on Time ( Gretchen Wilson album ) , 2013 , or the title song
Right on Time ( Harold Mabern album ) , 2014
`` Right on Time '' ( song ) , by Brandi Carlile from In These Silent Days
`` Right on Time '' ( Lindsay Ell song ) '' , 2022
`` Right on Time '' , a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers from Californication
`` Right on Time '' , a song by Skrillex from the Bangarang EP
See also
`` Ride on Time '' , a 1989 single by Black Box
Solar power in Mexico has the potential to produce vast amounts of energy . 70 % of the country has an insolation of greater than 4.5 kWh/m2/day . Using 15 % efficient photovoltaics , a square on each side in the state of Chihuahua or the Sonoran Desert ( 0.01 % of Mexico ) could supply all of Mexico 's electricity .
History
A law requiring 35 % of electricity from renewable resources by 2024 and carbon emission reductions of 50 % below 2000 levels by 2050 was introduced in 2012 .
Combined with declining solar installation costs , it was estimated that the 2012 climate law would lead to 6 GW of solar capacity in Mexico by 2020 .
At the Solar Power Mexico conference , it was said that PV electricity and solar thermal would comprise up to 5 % of Mexico 's energy by 2030 and up to 10 % by 2050 .
The first long term energy auction was held in 2015 with a second one in 2016 . Solar PV was successful in both , securing 1,691 MW of the 2,085 MW auctioned in the first and 1573 MW of 3473 MW in the second auction .
In 2013 , 22 % of the installed electricity generation capacity in Mexico was from renewable sources .
The majority , 18.1 % coming from hydroelectricity , 2.5 % from wind power and 0.1 % from solar PV .
In December 2013 , the Mexican government passed a Constitutional Reform that effectively opened the energy sector to private investment , both for electricity generation and petroleum exploration and extraction .
The Reform 's goal was to modernize the sector by optimizing the use of national resources and incentivizing renewable energy through clean energy certificates .
The Reform liberalized the electricity sector and brought forth a wholesale electricity market .
Long and medium term auctions are the main mechanisms used to incentivize capacity and energy growth . Clean energy certificates are created by the participation of renewables and are meant to support energy generated from low carbon emitting sources . A long term energy action secures a 15-year contract for energy and capacity supplied whereas medium term generates a 3-year contract .
Mexico was the second largest solar generator in Latin America in 2016 , with 180 MW installed capacity and more than 500 MW under construction .
At a clean source auction that year , solar won 1,860 MW at an average price of $ 50.7 per MWh ( ranging between $ 35 and $ 67 ) .
The production was expected to be 4 TWh per year .
Other sources such as gas , hydro and geothermal received no awards , and wind power won a smaller share than solar .
As of 2017 , thanks to the Long-Term Energy Auctions , solar PV energy is expected to increase to 6 % in 2018 and 13 % for 2019 .
Production
Historically , the main applications of solar energy technologies in Mexico have been for non-electric active solar system applications for space heating , water heating and drying crops . As in most countries , wind power development preceded solar power initially , due to the lower installation cost . Since solar power is not available during the night , and because wind power tends to be complementary to solar , a mix of both can be expected . Both require substantial storage to compensate for days with no wind and no sun . Batteries provide short-term storage , and pumped hydroelectricity provides longer-term storage .
Projects
The Villanueva Solar plant is the largest in Mexico with 310 MW installed by mid-2018 . When completed , it will be the largest in the Americas at 828 MW .
Another large installation , Don José Solar Farm was completed in May 2018 Initially at 238 MW , a 22 MW expansion project was immediately announced .
A 405 MWp ( megawatt-peak ) photovoltaic project in Puerto Libertad , Sonora was completed in December , 2018 .
Originally planned to be 39 MW , the size was increased to allow generation of approximately 963 GWh ( gigawatt-hours ) of electricity per year .
A solar trough based 14 MW plant will use a combined cycle gas turbine of 478 MW to provide electricity to the city of Agua Prieta , Sonora . The World Bank has financed this project with US $ 50 million . A 450 MW concentrated photovoltaics plant is planned for Baja California .
Distributed Generation
Currently , 98 % of all distributed generation can be attributed to solar PV panels installed on rooftops or small businesses . This installed capacity has greatly increased from 3 kW in 2007 to 247.6 MW by the end of 2016 . According to the Mexican Ministry of Energy ( SENER ) if this trend continues till 2018 the total installed capacity will surpass 527 MW , this is the goal set by the Mexico 's Special Program for Energy Transition or PETE ( Programa Especial de la Transición Energética )
Distributed energy in Mexico is classified as any system with a capacity below 500 kW . The National Association of Solar Energy ( ANES from the Spanish acronym ) reported approximately 21,600 interconnection permits for distributed solar in 2015 . In March , 2017 the Energy Regulatory Commission ( CRE ) approved regulation that allows net metering for distributed energy generation .
Solar potential
Installed capacity
( * ) This forecast does not account for economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic .
See also
Renewable energy in Mexico
Wind power in Mexico
Solar power
Feed-in tariff
Renewable energy
Growth of photovoltaics
Renewable energy by country
References
External links
Solar Power Mexico 2013
Sonora Energy Group
Wendy Simms ( born May 22 , 1972 ) is a Canadian professional racing cyclist .
Career highlights
External links
1972 births
Living people
Canadian female cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
The initialism VFS can mean :
Valley Fault System , a dextral strike-slip fault in the Philippines .
Vancouver Film School , a school in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada
Vancouver Film Studios , a film production centre in Vancouver , British Columbia
Viafiers federalas svizras , the Romansh term for Swiss Federal Railways , the Swiss national railway .
Versioning file system , a file system which provides for the concurrent existence of several versions of a file
Vertical Flight Society , a United States based society for the advancement of vertical flight
Vertical formation skydiving , is a subcategory of formation skydiving using high-speed body positions normally associated with freeflying
Virtual file system , a file system acting as an abstraction layer on top of a more concrete file system
Visa Facilitation Services , an organization in India for processing visa applications
Visual FlagShip , a compiler by multisoft
The Witch trial of Nogaredo took place in 1646–1647 in Nogaredo in Italy . It attracted considerable attention and is one of the best documented cases of witch trials in Italy . It led to the death of between eight and ten people .
Maria Salvatori
On 26 October 1646 , Maria Salvatori from Castelnovo , nicknamed `` la Mercuria , '' was arrested and accused of witch craft . Salvatori had long been suspected of sorcery . They were accused of not swallowing the Host at their communions but instead preserving it for use in sorcery . They were also accused of having caused Marchioness Bevilacqua to miscarry by the use of spells . During torture , they pointed out the widow Domenica Camelli , and Domenica 's daughter , Lucia Caveden , as witches . Salvatori claimed that they had given a host to Lucia Caveden , who used it to cast the spell on Marchioness Bevilacqua . They named a certain Delaito Cavaleri was a necromancer and a worshipper of Satan .
The Trial
The witch trial formally opened on Saturday , 24 November 1646 , at Nogaredo . Lucia Caveden pointed out Domenica Gratiadei , in whose house several objects were found which incriminated them Domenica Gratiadei confessed under torture to have attended the witch sabbat , cast the evil eye on Cristofero Sparamani , renounced their baptism and defiled the Sacrament .
Benvenuta , the daughter of Domenica Gratiadei , confessed that their mother had taken them to Satan , `` as if in a dream '' , where they had had sexual intercourse with him .
Domenica Gratiadei confessed to have officiated at the witch sabbats alongside a warlock named Santo Peterlino , where they all sang , danced and gave Satan the hosts from the communion . The witches , they claimed , all smeared themselves in an unguent made of `` the Blessed Sacrament , the blood of certain small animals , Holy Water , the fat of dead babies '' while chanting blasphemies , and then transformed themselves in to cats when they left for the Sabbath . The witch trial stretched out for several months , implicated more people and draw a great crowd .
Domenica Camelli , Lucia Caveden , Domenica Gratiadei , Catterina Baroni , Zinevra Chemola , Isabella and Polonia Gratiadei , and Valentina Andrei were condemned to death . Maria Salvatori , and Maddalena Andrei , who was known as `` la Filosofa '' , both died in prison . The condemned were beheaded and their bodies burned on 14 April 1647 . It is suggested that Isabella and Polonia Gratiadei and Valentina Andrei managed to escape .
References
http : //www.executedtoday.com/category/why/witchcraft/
http : //www.stregamorella.it/storia_Romanazzi.htm
Literature
The geography of witchcraft by Montague Summers
A. Romanazzi , La Dea Madre e il Culto Betilico , antiche conoscenze tra mito e Folklore , Levante editore , Bari 2003 ;
T. Dandolo , La Signora di Monza e le streghe del Tirolo , Milano 1855 .
Abele De Blasio : Inciarmatori , maghi e streghe di Benevento
Witch trials in Italy
1647 in law
1647 in Italy
The Oracle Cluster File System ( OCFS , in its second version OCFS2 ) is a shared disk file system developed by Oracle Corporation and released under the GNU General Public License .
The first version of OCFS was developed with the main focus to accommodate Oracle 's database management system that used cluster computing . Because of that it was not a POSIX-compliant file system . With version 2 the POSIX features were included .
OCFS2 ( version 2 ) was integrated into the version 2.6.16 of Linux kernel . Initially , it was marked as `` experimental '' ( Alpha-test ) code . This restriction was removed in Linux version 2.6.19 . With kernel version 2.6.29 in late 2008 , more features were included into ocfs2 , such as access control lists and quotas .
OCFS2 used a distributed lock manager which resembles the OpenVMS DLM but is much simpler .
Oracle announced version 1.6 in November 2010 which included a copy on write feature called reflink .
See also
GlusterFS
GFS2
General Parallel File System ( GPFS )
List of file systems
Lustre ( file system )
MooseFS
QFS
Notes and references
External links
OCFS2 project page
OCFS project page
Shared disk file systems
Oracle software
Distributed file systems supported by the Linux kernel
Project Inform is an American advocacy group dedicated to improving the health of and empowering people with HIV and hepatitis C , involving them in the process of developing therapies for the disease , and ending the AIDS pandemic . The organization deliberately focuses its efforts on issues that few other agencies address . Main areas of focus include drug development , bio-medical prevention , education and health care access .
In the years since its founding the work of Project Inform helped to found the community-based HIV research movement , helped to proliferate HIV treatment education and make it available to patients and care providers , and lead a national movement to accelerate approval by the U. S. Food and Drug Administration of critical drugs and other treatments for AIDS .
PI was founded in 1984 by Martin Delaney and Joe Brewer . Linda Grinberg served on the board of Project Inform before their death in 2002 , and received the group 's Activism Award in 1996 .
References
Copy IRS Form 990 filing for 2013
Medical and health foundations in the United States
History of LGBT civil rights in the United States
HIV/AIDS organizations in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in San Francisco
Organizations established in 1984
1984 establishments in the United States
Dahlmann is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Annika Dahlmann ( born 1964 ) , former Swedish cross country skier
Friedrich Christoph Dahlmann ( 1785–1860 ) , German historian and politician
Hagbarth Dahlmann ( 1901–1974 ) , Danish field hockey player
Hermann Dahlmann ( 1892–1978 ) , influential German aviation administrator during the Third Reich
Kurt Dahlmann ( 1918–2017 ) , German pilot , attorney , journalist , newspaper editor and political activist
Nicolas Dahlmann ( 1769–1807 ) , French cavalry general of the Napoleonic wars
Sandra Dahlmann ( born 1968 ) , German Olympic swimmer
See also
Dahlman ( disambiguation )
Roberto Galia ( ; born 16 March 1963 ) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player , who played as a defender and as a midfielder . Currently , they manage Insubria .
Club career
Roberto Galia made their Serie A debut with Como as a fullback on 10 May 1981 , in a 1–0 home defeat to Napoli . They notably scored the decisive goal in a 2–1 against Bologna which saved their club from relegation on the final match-day that season , although the following season , they were unable to save their club from relegation . They transferred to Sampdoria in 1983 , where they spent three seasons as a permanent member of the starting line-up , winning the 1984–85 Coppa Italia . In 1986 , they moved to Hellas Verona under Osvaldo Bagnoli , where they were deployed as a defensive midfielder . In 1988 , they moved to Juventus ; during their time at the club , they played and scored in the 1990 UEFA Cup Final , helping Juventus to win the title over Fiorentina . They also won the Coppa Italia that season , scoring the decisive goal in the final against Milan , as well as another UEFA Cup title with the club in 1993 . In 1994 , they moved to Ascoli at the age of 31 , only remaining with the club until November , before moving back to Como in 1995 for three seasons , playing in Serie B and Serie C1 with the club , before retiring in 1997 , winning the Coppa Italia Serie C. In total , they managed 300 appearances and 15 goals in Serie A , 65 appearances and 6 goals in Serie B , and 54 appearances in Serie C1 . Following their retirement , they worked as a football coach .
International career
Galia represented Italy on three occasions under Arrigo Sacchi , all while taking part in the 1992 U.S. Cup . They also represented Italy at the 1988 Summer Olympics , where the team reached the semi-finals , finishing in fourth place .
Honours
Sampdoria
Coppa Italia : 1984–85
Juventus
Coppa Italia : 1989–90
UEFA Cup : 1989–90 , 1992–93
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
People from Trapani
Italian footballers
Footballers from Sicily
Association football midfielders
Como 1907 players
U.C . Sampdoria players
Hellas Verona F.C . players
Juventus F.C . players
Italy international footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Olympic footballers of Italy
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Italian football managers
FC Chiasso managers
UEFA Cup winning players
Sportspeople from the Province of Trapani
Football at the 1932 Maccabiah Games was held in Mandatory Palestine .
The competition was open for men 's teams only . Several Maccabi organizations were invited to send a football team , but only Maccabi Poland sent a team , which joined the host to compete for the tournament 's gold medal . Only two matches were held during the tournament and Poland was declared winners after winning the second match .
After the competition the teams met for a third match , played in Jerusalem , which Mandatory Palestine won 4–2 .
Results
Match 1
Match 2
* The first game was ended 15 minutes before the time due to the darkness .
References
1932
Maccabiah Games
Guladty ( ; Dargwa : Гъуладти ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative centre of Guladtynsky Selsoviet , Dakhadayevsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 662 as of 2010 . There are 2 streets .
Geography
Guladty is located 29 km southeast of Urkarakh ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Dzhirabachi and Trisanchi are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
The Interlude of the Student and the Girl ( ) is one of the earliest known secular plays in English , first performed c. 1300 . The text is written in vernacular English , in an East Midlands dialect that suggests either Lincoln or Beverley as its origin , although its title is given in Latin . The name of its playwright is unknown . Only two scenes , with a total of 84 lines of verse in rhyming couplets , are extant and survive in a manuscript held by the British Museum , dated to either the late twelfth or very early thirteenth century . Glynne Wickham provides both the original text and a rendering in modern English in their English Moral Interludes ( 1976 ) . In tone and form , the interlude seems to be the closest play in English to the contemporaneous French farces , such as The Boy and the Blind Man , and is related to later English farcical plays , such as the anonymous Calisto and Melibea ( published c. 1525 ) and John Heywood 's The Foure PP ( c. 1530 ) . It was most likely performed by itinerant players , possibly making use of a performing dog . In Early English Stages ( 1981 ) , Wickham points to the existence of this play as evidence that the old-fashioned view that comedy began in England with Gammer Gurton 's Needle and Ralph Roister Doister in the 1550s is mistaken , ignoring as it does a rich tradition of medieval comic drama . They argue that the play 's `` command of dramatic action and of comic mood and method is so deft as to make it well-nigh unbelievable '' that it was the first of its kind in England .
Synopsis
A student tries to woo a girl called Molly . Having confirmed that neither their father nor mother are at home , they declare their love for her : `` I love you more than my life '' , they insist . They reject him , complaining of the deceitfulness of students : `` For many a good woman have they brought to shame ! '' They seek the help of an old woman , Mother Eloise . They lament that they would rather die than live without Molly . They offer the old woman substantial financial rewards if they would agree to act as their go-between and reconcile them with the girl . The old woman becomes defensive and insists that whoever advised them to seek out their assistance has lied , for they are a god-fearing woman who would never involve themselves in such matters .
See also
Medieval theatre
Notes
Sources
Axton , Richard , ed . 1979 . Three Rastell Plays . Tudor Interludes ser . Cambrdige : Brewer . .
Banham , Martin , ed . 1998 . The Cambridge Guide to Theatre . Cambridge : Cambridge University Press . .
Bevington , David M. 1962 . From Mankind to Marlowe : Growth of Structure in the Popular Drama of Tudor England . Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press .
Brockett , Oscar G. and Franklin J. Hildy . 2003 . History of the Theatre . Ninth edition , International edition . Boston : Allyn and Bacon . .
Chambers , E. K. 1903 . The Mediaeval Stage . Vol . 2 . Oxford : Oxford University Press . .
Dillon , Janette . 2006 . The Cambridge Introduction to Early English Theatre . Cambridge Introductions to Literature ser . Cambridge : Cambridge University Press . .
Meredith , Peter . 1998 . `` Medieval Drama in Europe : England , Scotland and Ireland ; Cornwall and Wales . '' In Banham ( 1998 , 698–700 ) .
Richardson , Christine , and Jackie Johnston . 1991 . Medieval Drama . English Dramatists ser . London : Macmillan . .
Wickham , Glynne , ed . 1976 . English Moral Interludes . London : Dent . .
Wickham , Glynne . 1981 . Early English Stages : 1300—1660 . Vol . 3 . London : Routledge . .
External links
E. K. Chambers 's , which contains a slightly inaccurate transcription of the text .
Folk plays
Medieval drama
14th-century plays
English plays
John Cassimar Treanor ( 17 August 1922 – 7 November 1993 ) was a first-class cricketer who played for New South Wales between 1954 and 1957 .
Cricket career
A leg-spin bowler , Treanor made their first-class debut in the Sheffield Shield against Queensland in 1954-55 , taking 5 for 146 and 3 for 69 ( including a hat-trick ) in the drawn match . In their next match they took 3 for 64 and 4 for 96 against the touring MCC , and in their third match they took 5 for 97 and 3 for 41 against Victoria . The English journalist Alan Ross thought Treanor was the best spin bowler in Australia at the time , and should have been chosen for the tour to England in 1956 , but Treanor played only two matches in the 1955-56 season .
They took 28 wickets at an average of 30.25 in 1956-57 , and took their best figures of 5 for 36 in the tied match against Victoria , but that was their last season of first-class cricket .
They were a highly successful bowler in Sydney grade cricket . In the 1970s they coached the cricket team at the University of Wollongong .
Personal life
In the Second World War Treanor served as a sapper with 2/4 Field Company . They married Norma Dorrington in 1947 .
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1922 births
1993 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Australian Army soldiers
Remelana is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . The species of this genus are found in the Indomalayan realm . Remelana was erected by Frederic Moore in 1884 .
Species
Remelana davisi Jumalon , 1975
Remelana jangala ( Horsfield , [ 1829 ] ) - chocolate royal
References
External links
Remelanini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
The Virtual EP is an EP from Ten Second Epic . It was released October 14 , 2008 on Black Box Recordings . It is only available for download on the iTunes Store . The songs `` Life Times '' and `` Yours to Lose '' were later released on Hometown . This EP also features new versions of two songs from their previous album Count Yourself In .
Track listing
References
2008 EPs
The Demographics of Venezuela are the condition and overview of Venezuela 's peoples . Demographic topics include basic education , health , and population statistics as well as identified racial and religious affiliations
The Venezuelan people comprise a combination of heritages , primarily Native American . The historically present Native American , Spanish colonists , and African slaves have all contributed to varying degrees . Later , waves of European groups ( Italians , Spanish , Portuguese and Germans ) migrated to Venezuela in the 20th century , influencing many aspects of Venezuelan life , including its culture , language , food , and music though small in number .
About 51.6 % of the population is mixed ( mestizo ) white , Amerindian and black in Venezuela , while 46.6 % are white or of European ancestry . Another 3.7 % is predominantly/fully African , while 2.7 % is of predominant/full Amerindian ancestry , and 1.0 % other races ( mainly Asians ) .
Three Amerindian tribes located in the country are the Wayuu , located in the west , in Zulia State , and the Timoto-cuicas , also in the west , in Mérida State , in the Andes .
About 85 % of the population live in urban areas in the northern portion of the country and currently resides in the urban conglomerations ( Caracas , Maracay , Maracaibo , Valencia , etc . ) that are concentrated in Venezuela 's northern coastal mountain strip . Nearly half of Venezuela 's geographic area lies south of the Orinoco River ; however , this region contains only 5 % of the Venezuelan population .
estimate puts Venezuela 's total population at inhabitants . Additionally , over the past five years , Venezuelan society 's general age structure has been trending towards the homologous structure found in Cuba , Western Europe , Japan , and other healthy and rapidly aging societies . Notably , there has been a significant increase in the proportion and gross numbers of elderly Venezuelans ( aged 65 and up ) , as well as a corresponding drop in the total fertility .
Population
According to the total population was in , compared to only 5,482,000 in 1950 . The proportion of children below the age of 15 in 2010 was 29.5 % , 64.9 % was between 15 and 65 years of age , while 5.6 % was 65 years or older .
Structure of the population
Structure of the population ( 01.07.2011 ) ( Data refer to projections based on the 2001 Population Census ) :
Structure of the population ( 01.07.2013 ) ( Data refer to projections based on the 2001 Population Census ) :
Vital statistics
Registration of vital events in Venezuela is not complete . The Population Department of the United Nations prepared the following estimates .
Births and deaths
Births and deaths :
Other demographic statistics
Demographic statistics according to the World Population Review in 2019 .
One birth every 53 seconds
One death every 3 minutes
One net migrant every 45 minutes
Net gain of one person every 1 minute
Demographic statistics according to the CIA World Factbook , unless otherwise indicated .
Total population
28,644,603 ( July 2020 est . )
Ethnic groups
unspecified Spanish , Italian ( 13–16 % ) , Portuguese ( 1.4 % ) , Arab ( 5 % ) , German ( < 0.1 % ) , African ( 3.4 % ) , indigenous peoples ( 2.7 % )
Age structure
0-14 years : 25.66 % ( male 3,759,280/female 3,591,897 )
15-24 years : 16.14 % ( male 2,348,073/female 2,275,912 )
25-54 years : 41.26 % ( male 5,869,736/female 5,949,082 )
55-64 years : 8.76 % ( male 1,203,430/female 1,305,285 )
65 years and over : 8.18 % ( male 1,069,262/female 1,272,646 ) ( 2020 est . )
Median age
total : 30 years . Country comparison to the world : 124th
male : 29.4 years
female : 30.7 years ( 2020 est . )
Birth rate
17.9 births/1,000 population ( 2020 est . ) Country comparison to the world : 92nd
Death rate
7.5 deaths/1,000 population ( 2020 est . ) Country comparison to the world : 106th
Total fertility rate
2.26 children born/woman ( 2020 est . ) Country comparison to the world : 87th
Net migration rate
-3.4 migrant ( s ) /1,000 population ( 2020 est . ) Country comparison to the world : 184th
Population growth rate
-0.18 % ( 2020 est . ) Country comparison to the world : 207th
1.51 % ( 2009 est . ) .
Contraceptive prevalence rate
75 % ( 2010 )
Dependency ratios
total dependency ratio : 52.6 ( 2015 est . )
youth dependency ratio : 43 ( 2015 est . )
elderly dependency ratio : 9.5 ( 2015 est . )
potential support ratio : 10.5 ( 2015 est . )
Life expectancy at birth
total population : 76.2 years
male : 73.2 years
female : 79.3 years ( 2018 est . )
Urbanization
urban population : 88.2 % of total population ( 2018 )
rate of urbanization : 1.28 % annual rate of change ( 2015–20 est . )
Languages
Spanish ( official ) , numerous indigenous dialects
Literacy
definition : age 15 and over can read and write ( 2016 est . )
total population : 97.1 %
male : 97 %
female : 97.2 % ( 2016 est . )
School life expectancy ( primary to tertiary education )
total : 14 years
Unemployment , youth ages 15–24
total : 14.6 % . Country comparison to the world : 92nd
Sex ratio
Race
According to an autosomal DNA genetic study conducted in 2008 by the University of Brasilia ( UNB ) , the composition of Venezuela 's population is : 60.60 % of European contribution , 23 % of Amerindian contribution and 16.30 % of African contribution . 3.6 % of Venezuelans are fully black , but Mulattos ( black mixed with white ) are a much larger proportion . With many Venezuelans having African ancestry .
Religious affiliation
The overwhelming majority of Venezuelans denote themselves as adherents of Catholicism ; this is true nominally , if not in practice .
According to the 2011 census , 88.3 percent of the population is Christian , primarily Roman Catholic ( 71 % ) , 17 percent Protestant , and the remaining 0.03 percent Mormons ( LDS Church ) . The Venezuelans without religion are 9 % ( atheist 2 % , agnostic or indifferent 6 % and does n't know/does n't respond 1 % ) , almost 3 % of the population follow other religions ( 1 % of them are of Santería ) .
Notes
References
Acosta , Maruja . `` Urbanizacion y clases sociales en Venezuela . '' Revista Interamericana de Planificacion Bogota , 7 , No . 26 , June 1973 , 22–44 .
The article contains a statistical reference from the Wikipedia public domain Mestizos ( 2006 ) .
External links
Ethnic Map of Venezuela by census
Venezuela
Gurney 's sugarbird ( Promerops gurneyi ) is a medium-sized passerine endemic to the mid- and high-altitude grassland velds in southern Africa . It belongs to the family Promeropidae , which contains one genus , Promerops , and two species . Gurney 's sugarbird feeds on nectar from Protea bushes as well as on small insects . This bird is characterized by its long , graduated tail and decurved beak .
The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the British banker and amateur ornithologist John Henry Gurney ( 1819-1890 ) .
Description
Gurney 's sugarbird has a long , decurved bill characteristic of nectarivores . It has a chestnut-coloured forehead , along with a faint white eyestripe and white mustachial stripe . A white throat stands out against the russet breast . This species of sugarbird has a dark grey back , and a conspicuous bright yellow rump makes this bird easy to spot . The tail is long and graduated , ranging from 11 to 19.3 cm in length . This species measures between 23 and 29 cm in total , and body mass ranges from 30 to 46.5 g in males and 23 to 43 g in females . Females are smaller than males , with shorter bills and tail feathers . Males also have triangular-shaped bulge on the sixth primary feather , used in mating displays . Immature individuals are duller than adults and have a greenish tinge to both their breast and yellow rump . Further , their secondary feathers are edged with a brownish colour .
The two subspecies of Gurney 's surgarbird have minor differences in their appearance . P. g. gurneyi individuals fit the above description . Meanwhile , P. g. ardens individuals tend to be darker , with a greener rump and a richer chestnut breast than their counterpart subspecies .
Gurney 's sugarbirds moult their flight feathers ( primary and secondary feathers ) during the breeding season . Tail feathers , however , moult throughout the year continuously . This is because the long feathers are easily damaged and must be replaced quickly due to their important role in mating displays .
Taxonomy
Promerops gurneyi is one of two species within the genus Promerops and the monotypic family Promeropidae . Gurney 's sugarbird has a single sister species , the Cape sugarbird ( Promerops cafer ) .
Its taxonomic ranking baffled scientists for many years . This family has been grouped in with the Nectariniidae ( sunbird ) family , due to their physical resemblances and shared geographic origins , as both sunbirds and sugarbirds evolved in Africa . Promeropidae was also once classified in the Australian Meliphagidae ( honeyeaters ) family , because of their shared and unique tongue structure , behaviour , and nest-building . There was no evidence of common lineage , however , and similarities appear to be from convergent evolution . Analysis of protein structure from egg whites and red blood cells showed that sugarbirds are derived specialists of African starlings . Genetically , the Promerops genus is most closely related to the Cinnyricinclus and Onychognathus genera . It is today classified as its own family .
Presently 2 subspecies of Gurney 's sugarbird are recognized , Promerops gurneyi gurneyi and Promerops gurneyi ardens . P. g. ardens was recognized in 1952 and arose from an isolated population of Gurney 's sugarbird located in high-elevation areas of Eastern Zimbabwe and the adjacent Mozambique . The ranges of the two subspecies do not overlap , and they occupy different types of habitats .
Habitat and Distribution
Gurney 's sugarbird is a species endemic to Southern Africa . The distribution is fragmented , and these birds are mainly found in elevated regions in north-eastern Mountain Sourveld and north-eastern Sandy Highveld in the Transvaal and Natal regions . They are also found in Highland and Dohne Sourvelds of Natal and into the Eastern Cape and Limpopo provinces . An isolated population of P. g. ardens is located in the highlands of Eastern Zimbabwe and adjacent Mozambique . Gurney 's sugarbirds are short-distance altitudinal migrants and leave their breeding grounds once the flowering season is over .
The preferred habitats are shrubland velds of Southern Africa , dominated by sugarbush ( Protea ) species of flowering plants . Gurney 's sugarbird distribution overlaps silver sugarbush ( Protea roupelliae ) , white protea ( P. subvestita ) , and common sugarbush ( P. caffra ) . Because this species is only associated to Protea shrubs , it is very vulnerable to habitat loss and displacement due to fires . The distribution of these birds is restrained by their very specialized diet of sugarbush species ' nectar . These birds also feed on nectar from Aloe gardens in suburban areas .
P. g. ardens evolved in an area that lacks silver sugarbush , and it relies on miombo trees ( Brachystegia genus ) and African protea ( P. gageudi ) , Nyanaga protea ( P. dracomontana ) , beard protea ( P. crintita ) , and common sugarbush ( P. caffra ) species as food resources instead . P. g. ardens lives in riparian woods , on dry slopes with many flowering shrubs such as sugarbush ( Protea ) , bird of paradise flowers ( Strelitzia ) , and coral trees ( Erythrina ) .
Behaviour
Vocalizations
The song for this species consists of three or four ascending notes , with the final note repeated several times . A `` song-spell '' , songs repeated for an extended period of time , can last up to four minutes . Multiple song-spells strung together and separated by short pauses are called full song periods , and these can last for 20 minutes .
Gurney 's sugarbird calls are short , and characterized by a single note , often described as a `` chit '' sound . The call is more low-pitched than the song , and can be compounded into a `` chit-chit-chit '' sequence . The call is mostly used when approaching the nest , or as a indicator of well-being once a partner returns to the nest with food , for example . When defending the nest or territory from other birds , Gurney 's sugarbird will make a `` cloth-ripping '' sound .
Diet
Gurney 's sugarbirds are specialized nectarivores and insectivores feeding on sugarbush species , mainly silver sugarbush , as well as common sugarbush and Aloe in suburban areas . The long , decurved bill is well-adapted to siphon nectar from sugarbush flower heads . These birds forage for insects and nectar within their defended territory . Insects are usually found hiding within the silver sugarbush flowers , or caught mid-flight . Main prey orders include Hymenoptera ( wasps , bees , sawflies and ants ) , Coleoptera ( beetles ) , and Hemiptera ( true bugs ) . Adults tend to feed mainly on nectar , and during the breeding season small insects are the main prey items fed to chicks .
Reproduction
Gurney 's sugarbird is a socially monogamous species , meaning that pairs remain together through the breeding season . This season lasts from September , when pairing and nest-building take place , until late February , when the fledglings leave their parents ' territory . Females chose their mate based on morphological features ( physical attributes ) and display flights , which consist of flicking their long tail and the wing-'clacking ' of the triangular bulge on their sixth primary feather . Longer tails and larger feather bulges for wing-'clacking ' have been associated with greater mating success in males . Display flights also take place when the males chase away encroaching individuals , usually male , from their territory .
Reproductive success in Gurney 's sugarbird is highly dependent upon available resources , such as abundant nectar and insects . Males will typically defend these resources , while the females build the nest , incubate the eggs , and feed the nestlings . Clutch size is small ( usually 1-2 eggs ) and is associated to this species ' longer life span ( up to seven years , maximum recorded longevity of 13 years ) . Individuals usually reach sexual maturity in their second or third year of life , and therefore typically survive for an average of five breeding seasons during their lifetime . Incubation lasts 16-17 days and brooding ( keeping the chicks warm after hatching ) between 19 and 23 days . Both parents participate in the feeding of the nestlings , usually bringing back small winged insects and beetles . Chicks are reliant on their parents for food for the first month of their life .
References
External links
Gurney 's sugarbird - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds .
Gurney 's sugarbird vocalizations
Gurney 's sugarbird - Bird Life International
Gurney 's sugarbird
Birds of Southern Africa
Gurney 's sugarbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Marion Monica Sparg is a South African activist , former guerrilla and public administrator .
Struggle years
Marion Sparg was one of the few white women to join Umkhonto we Sizwe ( MK ) , the armed wing of the African National Congress during South Africa 's apartheid era . A Sunday Times journalist , they were prompted into action after 32 ANC members and 19 civilians were killed by the South African Defence Force in an attack on Maseru , Lesotho . They would spend the years between 1981 and 1986 in exile where they received training in guerrilla warfare and worked in the ANC 's Communication Department on a publication named Voice of Women and thereafter joined the Special Operations Division of Umkhonto We Sizwe .
In 1986 they were sentenced to 25 years ' imprisonment on charges of treason , arson and attempted arson . Pleading guilty to all charges , they admitted planting and exploding limpet mines at Johannesburg 's notorious police headquarters , John Vorster Square , and also at Cambridge Police Station in East London .
Release from prison
Following the unbanning of the ANC , they were released in 1991 at the same time as fellow treason prisoners Damian de Lange and Iain Robertson , shortly after which they were nominated to the ANC delegation that participated in an early round of CODESA , the multiparty negotiations that led to South Africa 's first multi-racial elections in 1994 . In the same year , at the age of 34 , they were appointed deputy executive director of the Constitutional Assembly , the body that would draft South Africa 's groundbreaking 1996 constitution .
In government
In 1996 they were appointed Town Clerk of the Eastern Metropolitan sub-structure of the Lekoa- Vaal-metropole . Three years later they became the Secretary to the National Council of Provinces ( NCOP ) and in 2000 joined the office of Bulelani Ngcuka where they became Chief Executive Officer of the National Prosecuting Authority and the accounting officer of the Directorate of Special Operations , commonly known as the Scorpions .
In 2003 , amidst a public spat between the National Prosecuting Authority ( NPA ) and Jacob Zuma , South Africa 's then-disgraced deputy president , anonymous letters were sent to the Public Service Commission ( PSC ) accusing Sparg , their deputy Beryl Simelane and integrity unit head Dipuo Mvelase ( also Deputy Chairperson of the South African Communist Party ) of tender-rigging , corruption and nepotism . The Commission found no criminal wrongdoing and referred the matter to the Department of Justice and Constitutional Development - the parent body of the NPA . The Department head instituted 30 charges against the three women . South Africa 's Financial Mail would describe the allegations as 'bizarre ' after the charges were withdrawn at the formal disciplinary hearing , only to be reinstated two days later . They would be officially dropped in early 2007 . In June 2007 they resigned from the NPA to take up employment in the private sector . Marion has since joined Draftfcb Social Marketing , a division of Draftfcb SA .
Other
Along with Jenny Schreiner and Gwen Ansell they edited Comrade Jack , a memoir of the late Marxist activist , Jack Simons , who lectured on politics in Umkhonto we Sizwe training camps in Angola and Tanzania .
Other white women who contributed to South Africa 's liberation struggle include :
Conny Braam , Dutch journalist who assisted with Operation Vula and later wrote a book about their anti-apartheid experiences
Susan de Lange , political prisoner and wife of the guerilla Damian de Lange
Barbara Hogan , political prisoner
Janet Love , Operation Vula operative
Ruth First , ANC activist and wife of Joe Slovo , killed by apartheid government assassins in 1982
Muff Andersen , former Sunday Times journalist
Hélèna Passtoors , Belgian citizen
Guido Van Hecken , Belgian citizen
Trish Hanekom , who served four years in prison in the 1980s and was deported to their native Zimbabwe on their release .
Jeanette Curtis Schoon , NUSAS and ANC activist , killed in exile , with their six-year-old daughter Katryn , by apartheid government assassins in 1984
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
UMkhonto we Sizwe personnel
White South African anti-apartheid activists
South African prisoners and detainees
Prisoners and detainees of South Africa
People convicted of treason
Joseph Thomas Callahan ( October 8 , 1916 – May 24 , 1949 ) was a professional baseball pitcher . They played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball , 1939 and 1940 , for the Boston Bees .
Callahan died on May 24 , 1949 , of cerebral embolism complicated by rheumatic heart disease and pneumonia .
References
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
Boston Bees players
Albany Senators players
Erie Sailors players
Evansville Bees players
Kansas City Blues ( baseball ) players
Portland Beavers players
Little Rock Travelers players
People from East Boston , Boston
Baseball players from Boston
1916 births
1949 deaths
Deaths from embolism
Deaths from pneumonia in Massachusetts
Vancouver is the largest city in British Columbia , Canada .
Vancouver may also refer to :
Places
Mount Vancouver , a mountain on the Yukon–Alaska border
Mount Vancouver ( New Zealand ) , a mountain in the Southern Alps on the South Island of New Zealand
Canada
Greater Vancouver , a metropolitan area whose urban center is Vancouver , BC
Metro Vancouver Regional District , a British Columbia regional district that encompasses Vancouver and surrounding municipalities
Vancouver ( electoral districts ) , electoral districts in Vancouver , BC
Vancouver Island , a major landmass off the western coast of British Columbia
Vancouver River , a river emptying into Prince of Wales Reach of Jervis Inlet
United States
Vancouver , Washington
Fort Vancouver , a 19th-century fur trading post in present-day Vancouver
Vancouver Barracks , a former U.S. Army station near Fort Vancouver
Vancouver Lake , a lake in Clark County , Washington
Vessels
Vancouver ( 1826 vessel ) , a vessel operated by the Hudson 's Bay Company from 1826 to 1834
Vancouver ( steamboat ) , a cargo steamer owned and operated by the Hudson 's Bay Company from 1838 to 1848
Vancouver ( 1852 vessel ) , a vessel operated by the Hudson 's Bay Company from 1852 to 1853
HMCS Vancouver ( F6A ) , a Royal Canadian Navy S-class destroyer
HMCS Vancouver ( FFH 331 ) , a Canadian Forces Halifax-class frigate
USS Vancouver ( LPD-2 ) , a US Navy Raleigh-class amphibious transport dock
Music
Vancouver ( album ) , 2009 album by Matthew Good
Vancouver ( EP ) , 2006 EP by La Dispute
Bobby Taylor & the Vancouvers , a 1960s-vintage Motown band
Other uses
Vancouver Expedition , a 1791 voyage commanded by George Vancouver
Vancouver system , a style of referencing
Vancouver Special , an architectural style
Vancouverism , an urban planning and architectural phenomenon
People with the surname
George Vancouver ( 1757–1798 ) , British naval officer and explorer
See also
East Vancouver , a region within Vancouver , British Columbia
North Vancouver ( city )
North Vancouver ( district municipality )
Vancouver Bay , British Columbia , a locality and former cannery town on Jervis Inlet
West Vancouver , a part of Metro Vancouver
Maxine Deirdre Molyneux ( born 24 May 1948 in Karachi , Pakistan ) is a sociologist whose work focuses on the women 's movement .
That women 's interests and gender interests are different categories is the discovery for which Maxine Molyneux is most frequently cited . Them focus is women 's movements , and their central question is how they and the state influence each other . Interests and law are the categories under which they examine the changeable and shapeable relationship of the gender order and the state . They want to bring back the state and the political subject into the thinking on modernisation , democratisation and development .
Molyneux studied sociology at the University of Essex and is now Professor of Sociology and Director of the Institute of the Americas , University College London . Them research , as well the influential distinction between gender needs and interests , deals with such subjects as society and development , poverty and social inequality , and gender and politics in Latin America . They are also a consultant to several United Nations organisations , as well as to Oxfam and other NGOs . As co-founder in 1979 of the noted magazine Feminist Review and an editor of the magazine Economy and Society , they are involved in the further development of debates on theory .
Molyneux was married to Fred Halliday , with whom they had a son , Alex .
Publications
Molyneux has written extensively in the fields of political sociology and gender and development studies . They are the author among others of :
Women 's Movements in International Perspective ( ILAS/Palgrave ) 2000
Change and Continuity in Social Protection in Latin America : Mothers at the Service of the State ? ( UNRISD ) 2007
They have co-authored :
Doing the Rights Thing ( with Sian Lazar ) ( ITDG ) 2003
The Ethiopian Revolution NLB/Verso 1980 ( with Fred Halliday )
They are co-editor of :
Hidden Histories of Gender and the State in Latin America ( 2000 ) Duke UP
Gender Justice , Development and Rights 2003 ( OUP )
Gender and Democracy in Latin America ( Palgrave 2002 )
The Politics of Rights : Dilemmas of Feminist Praxis ( 2009 )
References
External links
Molyneux 's UCL homepage
1948 births
Latin Americanists
Living people
British feminists
British sociologists
Women sociologists
Academics of University College London
Fellows of the British Academy
The recorded history of Grand Forks in the U.S. state of North Dakota , began with the trade between Native Americans and French fur trappers during the 19th century . About 60 buildings or other historic sites in Grand Forks survive and are recognized among the National Register of Historic Places listings in Grand Forks County .
Early history
Grand Forks is the oldest major city in The Dakotas . Prior to settlement by Europeans , the area where the city now sits ( at the forks of the Red River and Red Lake River ) had been an important meeting and trading point for Native Americans . Early French explorers , fur trappers , and traders called the area `` Les Grandes Fourches '' ( meaning `` The Grand Forks '' ) . By the 1740s , Les Grandes Fourches was an important rendezvous point for French fur trappers . This French fur trade continued until the French and Indian War gave Canada to the British . In 1800 , British fur trader Alexander Henry the younger , an agent for the North West Company of Montreal , located a temporary camp at Les Grandes Fourches and , in 1808 , established a permanent post . By the 1820s , the Hudson 's Bay Company and John Jacob Astor 's American Fur Company also had operations at the site .
During the mid-19th century , Les Grandes Fourches was a stopping off point for the Red River ox carts which carried goods on the Red River Trails between St. Paul , Minnesota and Fort Garry ( now Winnipeg , Manitoba ) . On June 15 , 1870 , the first post office was opened and `` Les Grandes Fourches '' was anglicanized to `` Grand Forks '' . Unlike most cities in North Dakota , the city of Grand Forks does not owe its existence to the arrival of the railroad . Instead , Grand Forks was first an important steamboat port on the Red River of the North . In late 1870 , a steamboat captained by Alexander Griggs froze in the Red River at Grand Forks and Griggs and their men were forced to remain there for the rest of the winter . They built a temporary shed to live in for the winter and Griggs seemed to have decided that the area would be a good spot for a town . In the spring , they claimed a nine-acre ( 36,000 m2 ) piece of property that would become the townsite and , ultimately , downtown Grand Forks .
Settlement
A small community quickly developed . In 1875 , The Plaindealer , the town 's first newspaper , was started by George H. Walsh . In 1879 , George Winship started The Herald . The twin cities of Grand Forks and East Grand Forks were first physically connected when , in 1879 , Alexander Griggs built a pontoon toll bridge at the present day site of the Sorlie Bridge at DeMers Avenue . The city of Grand Forks was officially incorporated on February 22 , 1881 .
Grand Forks grew rapidly in its early years . Growth was spurred by waves of immigrants and Americans from the eastern portion of the country , the steamboat traffic on the river , and the coming of the railroad . The St. Paul , Minneapolis , and Manitoba Railway ( Great Northern Railway ) reached Grand Forks in 1880 and the Northern Pacific Railway came in 1887 . The first settlers of Grand Forks were farmers and working men , but merchants and professional people from Minneapolis and other cities soon populated the city . After the arrival of the railroad , old wood-frame buildings were quickly replaced with brick buildings . The Hotel Dacotah , the St. John 's Block , and the Security Building - all five stories - dominated the community 's skyline and were a sign of a growing city .
In 1883 , the University of North Dakota was founded by George H. Walsh before North Dakota was formally recognized as an independent state ( born from the Dakota Territory ) . In 1893 , The Diamond Milling Company of Grand Forks started making a new breakfast cereal they called Cream of Wheat , invented by mill employee Thomas Amidon . By the dawn of the 20th century , the city had become the commercial , transportation , educational , health care , entertainment , and cultural center of the region and boasted many amenities usually found in larger cities .
20th century
The first half of the 20th century saw steady growth and the development of new neighborhoods farther south and west of downtown . The 1920s saw the construction of the state-owned North Dakota Mill and Elevator on the north side of the city . In 1954 , Grand Forks was chosen as the site for an Air Force base . Grand Forks Air Force Base brought thousands of new jobs and residents to the community . The military base and the University of North Dakota would become the two most integral pieces of the city 's economy .
The later half of the century saw an increased shift away from downtown and towards the outskirts of the community . The coming of the Interstate Highway System revolutionized the way people traveled throughout the region . Several urban renewal projects tore down sections of the downtown area to make way for public buildings and transportation improvements . New public schools , a new hospital , and many commercial centers were built during this period . The opening of the Columbia Mall on the south side of town in 1978 forever changed the retail scene in the community .
Flood of 1997
The city was struck by a severe flood in 1997 , causing extensive damage . With Fargo upstream from the bulk of the waters , and Winnipeg with its flood control structures , Grand Forks became the hardest hit city in the Red River Valley . During the height of the flooding , a major fire also destroyed eleven buildings in the city 's downtown area . One of the buildings destroyed by fire was the office of the Grand Forks Herald , the city 's daily newspaper . National media attention and a large donation from McDonald 's restaurant heiress Joan Kroc helped speed the city 's recovery . Several neighborhoods had to be completely demolished to make way for a massive new dike system . Completed in 2006 , the flood wall protects the community from future flooding . This land bordering the Red River is known as the Greater Grand Forks Greenway , a system of parks .
Recent history
Since the flood , growth and new development has taken place throughout the city . Major projects have included the Alerus Center ( concert venue and home of the UND football team ) , the $ 100+ million Ralph Engelstad Arena ( home of the UND hockey team ) on the UND campus , and a number of new commercial projects on the outskirts of town . The city is currently experiencing steady population growth . A large number of homes , townhouses , and apartment buildings have been constructed recently . Most commercial development has taken place along the 32nd Avenue South commercial corridor and around the Ralph Engelstad Arena — an area known as University Village .
Recent issues the city is facing include the Spring 2007 opening of a $ 50 million Canad Inns hotel and water park complex located adjacent to the Alerus Center , the impact of a realignment at Grand Forks Air Force Base , and economic growth coupled with a low unemployment rate .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grand Forks County , North Dakota
Notes
Grand Forks , North Dakota
Grand Forks
Grand Forks
The 2010–11 Georgia Bulldogs men 's basketball team represented the University of Georgia during the college basketball season of 2010–2011 . The team 's head coach was Mark Fox , in their second season at UGA . They played their home games at Stegeman Coliseum and are members of the Southeastern Conference . They finished the season 21–12 , 9–7 in SEC play and lost in the quarterfinals of the 2011 SEC men 's basketball tournament to Alabama . They received an at large bid in the 2011 NCAA Division I men 's basketball tournament where they lost in the second round to Washington .
Roster
Class of 2011 Commitments
Schedule
|-
! colspan=9| Exhibition
|-
! colspan=9| Regular Season
|-
! colspan=9| 2011 SEC Tournament
|-
! colspan=9| 2011 NCAA tournament
Rankings
When the Bulldogs were ranked 24th in the AP Poll in January 2011 , it was the first time that the team had been nationally ranked since the 2002–03 season .
References
Georgia Bulldogs basketball seasons
Georgia Bulldogs
Georgia Bulldogs
Bulldogs
Bulldogs
This is a list of circus skills , dances , performance arts , sports , and other activities that involve acrobatics .
Acrobalance – Acrobatic art that combines elements of adagio and hand balancing .
Acroyoga – Physical practice which combines yoga and acrobatics .
Adagio – Performance of partner acrobalance poses and associated movements that involve stationary balances by a pair of performers .
Aerial hoop – Circular steel apparatus ( resembling a hula hoop ) suspended from the ceiling , on which circus artists may perform aerial acrobatics .
Aerial silk – Performance in which one or more artists perform aerial acrobatics while hanging from a fabric .
Aerobatics – Practice of flying maneuvers involving aircraft attitudes that are not used in normal flight .
Artistic cycling – Competitive indoor cycling in which athletes perform tricks ( called exercises ) for points on specialized , fixed-gear bikes in a format similar to ballet or gymnastics .
Bossaball – Ball game between two teams , combining elements of volleyball , football and gymnastics with music into a sport .
Capoeira – Afro-Brazilian martial art that combines elements of dance , acrobatics and music .
Cheerleading - is an activity in which the participants ( called cheerleaders ) cheer for their team as a form of encouragement .
Contortion – Performance art in which performers called contortionists showcase their skills of extreme physical flexibility .
Corde lisse – Aerial circus skill or act that involves acrobatics on a vertically hanging rope .
Cyr wheel – Acrobatic apparatus that consists of a single large ring made of aluminum or steel with a diameter approximately taller than the performer .
Dances :
Acro dance – Combines classical dance technique with precision acrobatic elements .
Ballet – Performance dance that originated during the Italian Renaissance in the fifteenth century and later developed into a concert dance form in France and Russia .
Breakdancing or b-boying – Athletic style of street dance from the United States .
Hopak – Ukrainian folk dance originating as a male dance among the Zaporozhian Cossacks but , later danced by couples , male soloists , and mixed groups of dancers .
Lindy Hop – American dance which was born in the African-American communities in Harlem , New York City , in 1928 and has evolved since then .
Pole dance – Combines dance and acrobatics centered on a vertical pole .
Rock and roll – Very athletic , competitive form of partner dance that originated from Lindy Hop .
Swing dance – Group of dances that developed with the swing style of jazz music in the 1920s–1940s , with the origins of each dance predating the popular `` swing era '' .
Diving – Sport of jumping or falling into water from a platform or springboard , usually while performing acrobatics .
Globe of death – Circus and carnival stunt where stunt riders ride motorcycles inside a mesh sphere ball .
Figure skating – Sport in which individuals , pairs , or groups perform on figure skates on ice .
Freerunning – Way of expression by interacting with various obstacles and environment . May include flipping and spinning .
Freestyle BMX – Bicycle motocross stunt riding on BMX bikes .
Freestyle motocross – Variation on the sport of motocross in which motorcycle riders attempt to impress judges with jumps and stunts .
Freestyle scootering – Extreme sport that involves using stunt scooters to perform freestyle tricks that are similar to bicycle motocross ( BMX ) and skateboarding .
Freestyle skiing – Skiing discipline comprising aerials , moguls , cross , half-pipe , slopestyle and big air as part of the Winter Olympics .
Freestyle skydiving – Competitive skydiving discipline where one member of a two-person team performs acrobatic manoeuvres in free fall while the other one films the performance from a close distance using a helmet-mounted camera .
Gymnastics – Sport that includes physical exercises requiring balance , strength , flexibility , agility , coordination , and endurance .
Hooping – Manipulation of and artistic movement or dancing with a hoop ( or hoops ) .
Juggling – Physical skill , performed by a juggler , involving the manipulation of objects for recreation , entertainment , art or sport .
Jump rope – Tool used in the sport of skipping/jump rope where one or more participants jump over a rope swung so that it passes under their feet and over their heads .
Kiteboarding – Extreme sport where the kiteboarder harnesses the power of the wind with a large controllable power kite to be propelled across the water , land , or snow .
Parkour – Training discipline using movement that developed from military obstacle course training . Includes running , climbing , swinging , vaulting , jumping , plyometrics , rolling , quadrupedal movement ( crawling ) .
Pole climbing – Ascending a pole which one can grip with theirs or them hands .
Professional wrestling – Form of wrestling and athletic theatrical performance , wherein athletic performers portray prizefighters competing in matches with predetermined , scripted outcomes .
Russian bar – Circus act which combines the gymnastic skills of the balance beam , the rebound tempo skills of trampoline , and the swing handstand skills of the uneven bars and the parallel bars .
Salto del pastor ( shepherd 's leap ) – Folk sport practised throughout the Canary Islands .
Skateboarding – Action sport that involves riding and performing tricks using a skateboard , as well as a recreational activity , an art form , an entertainment industry job , and a method of transportation .
Slacklining – Act of walking , running or balancing along a suspended length of flat webbing that is tensioned between two anchors .
Snowboarding – Recreational and competitive activity that involves descending a snow-covered slope while standing on a snowboard that is almost always attached to a rider 's feet .
Spanish web – Aerial circus skill in which a performer climbs and performs various tricks on an apparatus resembling a vertically hanging rope .
Surfing – Surface water sport in which an individual , a surfer , uses a board to ride on the forward section , or face , of a moving wave of water , which usually carries the surfer towards the shore .
Synchronized swimming – Hybrid form of swimming , dance , and gymnastics , consisting of swimmers performing a synchronised routine of elaborate moves in the water , accompanied by music .
Teeterboard – Acrobatic apparatus that resembles a playground seesaw . The well-trained flyer performs various aerial somersaults , landing on padded mats , a human pyramid , a specialized landing chair , stilts , or even a Russian bar .
Tightrope – Skill of walking along a thin wire or rope . It has a long tradition in various countries and is commonly associated with the circus .
Trampolining – Recreational activity , acrobatic training tool as well as a competitive Olympic sport in which athletes perform acrobatics while bouncing on a trampoline .
Wall running – Sport where the participant uses a wall and platforms placed next to the trampoline bed to do tricks .
Trapeze – Short horizontal bar hung by ropes or metal straps from a support . It is an aerial apparatus commonly found in circus performances .
Tricking – Training discipline that combines kicks with flips and twists from martial arts and gymnastics as well as many dance moves and styles from breakdancing .
Tumbling – Gymnastics discipline in which participants perform a series of acrobatic skills down a long sprung track .
Water skiing – Surface water sport in which an individual is pulled behind a boat or a cable ski installation over a body of water , skimming the surface on two skis or one ski .
Wheel of death – Large rotating apparatus on which performers carry out synchronized acrobatic skills .
Wushu – Hard and soft and complete martial art , as well as a full-contact sport .
List of acrobatic activities
Acrobatic activities
The following people are authors of writings on political subjects :
See also
Lists of writers
Lists of writers
State Highway 202 ( SH 202 ) is a Texas state highway between Beeville and Refugio . The route was designated on January 9 , 1934 from George West to Beeville as a restoration of the easternmost portion of the old SH 127 ( which was reused on another road in 1932 ) . On November 19 , 1935 , it extended west to Fowlerton . On December 21 , 1936 , it extended east to Refugio . By 1938 , SH 202 was extended west to Cotulla ( restoring more of the old SH 127 ) and east to Refugio . On September 26 , 1939 , the section of SH 202 west of George West was transferred to SH 72 . On October 30 , 1939 , before signage was changed , SH 202 was extended to Laredo , replacing SH 257 ( note that SH 202 east of George West was to be transferred to SH 257 on September 26 , 1939 ) . On August 24 , 1954 , the section from Laredo to Beeville became the new routing of U.S. Route 59 , and was pared back to its present routing .
Route description
SH 202 begins at a junction with US 59 ( Future I-69W ) and US 181 Bus . in Beeville . It heads south from this junction through Beeville briefly concurrent with US 181 Bus . until the two split with US 181 Bus . heading south and SH 202 heading east . The highway continues to the east through Beeville to an intersection with FM 351 . Heading towards the east , the highway continues to a junction with US 181 . The highway continues to the east to an intersection with FM 2441 . SH 202 reaches its eastern terminus at US 183 and US 77 Alt . in Refugio .
Junction list
References
202
Transportation in Bee County , Texas
Transportation in Refugio County , Texas
Night Network is Melbourne 's weekend overnight public transport system , which commenced operation on 1 January 2016 for a 12-month trial , which was later extended by six-months , and made permanent in April 2017 . It comprises all of Melbourne 's regular electric railway lines , six tram lines , 21 night bus services , and four regional coach services . The night bus services replaced the previous NightRider services , with 10 operating radial from the CBD and the remaining 11 operating from suburban railway stations .
History
In January 2014 , in the lead up to the 2014 Victorian State election , the Australian Labor Party promised to commence a trial of all night public transport on weekends , dubbed Homesafe , if elected . Following the Australian Labor Party 's victory , cost overruns were announced in August 2015 , with the plan to cost $ 83.6 million , not the $ 50 million estimated during the election , due to increased security costs . The network was unveiled on 30 October 2015 , along with its new name , Night Network , with the Minister for Public Transport Jacinta Allan claiming 70 % of Melbourne 's dwellings would be covered by Night Network .
Night Network commenced operation on 1 January 2016 on a 12-month trial basis . In its first weekend of operation 9,862 myki touch ons were recorded , representing a three-fold increase in patronage compared to the former NightRider bus system . However , this may understate patronage as it fails to account for fare evaders , those travelling in the free tram zone , and those with periodical tickets who may not have touched on . The trial was later extended until June 2017 , and made permanent in April 2017 .
Night Network services
Night Train
All of Melbourne 's train services operated by Metro Trains Melbourne , except the Flemington Racecourse and Stony Point lines , operate as part of Night Network , servicing all metropolitan stations except for City Loop stations and Southern Cross , which close at midnight and 1am respectively . Trains operate hourly on all lines , with some lines operating as shuttles from major interchange stations .
Night Tram
Routes 19 , 67 , 75 , 86 , 96 and 109 operates overnight to half-hour frequencies . The Free Tram Zone remains in operation during Night Network operating times .
Night Bus
Twenty-one night bus services , operated by CDC Melbourne , Dysons , Kinetic Melbourne , Transit Systems Victoria and Ventura Bus Lines , run to a 24-hour weekend service on Fridays and Saturdays , as part of Night Network . Thirteen routes operate on Fridays and Saturdays . Night Bus replaced NightRider bus services , which largely follow railway lines , with PTV claiming most passengers will still have access to all night public transport .
Night Coach
V/Line operate Night Coach services to Ballarat , Bendigo , Traralgon , and Geelong , departing Southern Cross station at approximately 2am . The coaches operate in lieu of regional trains , servicing railway stations along said routes . In October 2016 , Seymour was added to the network .
Ticketing
Myki tickets are valid for Night Network services , with standard fares applying , while V/Line tickets are charged at off-peak rates . Authorised Officers patrol Night Network , checking for fare evasion .
References
External links
Night Network – Public Transport Victoria
Bus transport in Melbourne
Night bus service
Public transport in Melbourne
Rail transport in Victoria ( Australia )
Trams in Melbourne
2016 establishments in Australia
Nive is a locality in the Shire of Murweh , Queensland , Australia . In the , Nive had a population of 34 people .
History
The locality takes its name from the Nive River . The river in turn was named by Sir Thomas Mitchell , the New South Wales Surveyor-General , on 13 September 1846 , after the Nive River in south western France , where Lord Wellington engaged in the Battle of the Nive in the Peninsula War in 1813 . Nive Downs was a huge sheep station that was broken up into home blocks and allocated to returned servicemen in a ballot after the 2nd world war .
The Duttons sold Nive Downs in 1866 and awarded a breastplate to Paddy , King of Nive Downs for the service of their tribe . Paddy was likely a Wadjalang man . The breastplate is now in the National museum of Australia .
Road infrastructure
The Landsborough Highway runs through from south to north .
Education
There are no schools in Nive . The nearest primary school is in neighbouring Augathella . The nearest secondary school is Tambo but only offers schooling to Year 10 . For Years 11 and 12 , the nearest secondary schools are in Charleville and Blackall .
References
Shire of Murweh
Localities in Queensland
Denis Daudi Afande ( 1937-2021 ) was a long-serving career Kenyan diplomat who held eight ambassadorial positions during their career . A consummate Diplomat , Afande joined the public service at Kenya 's Independence ( 1964 ) . They served as Kenya 's Deputy Chief of Protocol under founding President Jomo Kenyatta and chief of protocol under President Danial arap Moi . They later served as Kenya 's ambassador to Washington ( 1988-1994 ) , the United Nations Mission in Geneva , Switzerland , the UK , Germany , France , Egypt and Saudi Arabia .
Afande retired in 1995 as Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Health after having also served as Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Home Affairs . In retirement , Amb Afande served on the Boards of several state and private sector institutions including Capital Markets Authority , Kenya Power , Kenya Airways , Standard Chartered Bank and Undugu Society and Nyumbani Children 's Home among others .
Afande was also a member of the Standing Committee on Human Rights , and the National Council of Children 's Services .
They were also Kenya 's ambassador to Washington in February , 1990 , at the time former Foreign Affairs Minister Dr Robert Ouko was murdered near their farmhouse in Koru , Western Kenya , two weeks after President Daniel Moi and a delegation of 83 ministers and civil servants , including the late Dr Robert Ouko , visited Washington D.C. for a ‘ Prayer Breakfast ' hosted by President George H. W. Bush .
The Washington Trip
Afande was also Kenya 's ambassador to Washington in February , 1990 , at the time former Foreign Affairs Minister Dr Robert Ouko was murdered and hosted the delegation of Kenya 's Ministers led by retired president Daniel Moi . This trip became a crucial story and formed part of the investigations and theories surrounding the murder of Robert Ouko , who was murdered two weeks after the trip .
Death
Denis Afande died on Sunday , June 6 , 2021 at 11pm at Avenue Hospital in Kisumu . They were aged 84 . A month previously they had been hit by a motorbike near their home in Busia as they walked to their local Catholic Church . They were survived by five children and many grandchildren .
President Uhuru Kenyatta mourned the late Afande as consummate diplomat and pioneer public servant whose long and distinguished service helped lay the foundation of the Kenyan Nation .
In their message , Kenyatta said Ambassador Afande helped `` position Kenya on the global map as a steadfast Republic '' .
References
1937 births
2021 deaths
Diplomats
Ambassadors
Ambassadors of Kenya to the United States
The Catholic Church in Syria is part of the worldwide Catholic Church , under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome .
There are 368,000 Catholics in Syria ( and its refugee diaspora ) , approximately 2 % of the total population . The Catholics of Syria are members of several different Rite/language-specific Churches , including Armenian , Chaldean , Syriac , Maronite and Melkite in addition to the Latin Church , and there are separate but overlapping jurisdictions for the faithful of each Church .
All these bishops are members of the 'national ' Assembly of Catholic Ordinaries in Syria and of the ( vast ) regional Episcopal Conference for Arab countries . The Eastern Catholic bishops also belong to the ( international ) synod of their patriarchate or other specific church .
Dioceses and Archdioceses
Eastern Catholic particular Churches
Byzantine Rite
Melkite Greek Catholic Patriarchate of Antioch ( in Damascus )
Metropolitan Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Aleppo
Metropolitan Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Bosra and Hauran
Metropolitan Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Damascus
Metropolitan Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Homs
Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Latakia
Antiochian Rites
Maronites ( no Metropolitan )
Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Aleppo
Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Damascus
Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Latakia ( Lattaquié )
Syriac ( Syrian ) Catholic
Metropolitan Syrian Catholic Archeparchy of Damascus
Metropolitan Syrian Catholic Archdiocese of Homs
Syrian Catholic Archeparchy of Aleppo
Syriac Catholic Archeparchy of Hassaké-Nisibi
Armenian Rite ( no Metropolitan )
Armenian Catholic Archeparchy of Aleppo
Armenian Catholic Eparchy of Kamichlié
Armenian Catholic Patriarchal Exarchate of Damascus
Syro-Oriental Rite ( no Archeparchy )
Chaldean Catholic Eparchy of Aleppo
Latin Church
Apostolic Vicariate of Aleppo ( exempt Roman Catholic missionary jurisdiction )
Cathedrals
Cathedral of Our Lady of Dormition ( Greek-Melkite Catholic Archdiocese of Bosra–Haūrān )
Cathedral of Our Lady of Latakia ( Maronite Catholic Diocese of Lattaquié )
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Annunciation ( Greek-Melkite Catholic Archdiocese of Lattaquié )
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption ( Syrian Catholic Archdiocese of Aleppe )
Cathedral of St. Francis of Assisi ( Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Aleppe )
Cathedral of the Holy Spirit ( Syrian Catholic Archdiocese of Homs )
Cathedral Our Lady of Reliefs ( Armenian Catholic Archdiocese of Aleppe )
Church of the Queen of the Universe ( Armenian Catholic Patriarchal Exarchate of Damas )
Greek-Melkite Cathedral of Our Lady of Peace ( Greek-Melkite Catholic Archdiocese of Homs )
Greek-Melkite Cathedral of the Virgin Mary ( Greek-Melkite Catholic Archdiocese of Aleppe )
Greek-Melkite Patriarchal Cathedral of the Dormition of Our Lady ( Greek-Melkite Catholic Patriarchal See of Antioch )
Maronite Cathedral ( Maronite Catholic Archdiocese of Damas )
St. Elias Maronite Cathedral ( Maronite Catholic Archdiocese of Aleppe )
St. Joseph 's Cathedral ( Chaldean Catholic Diocese of Aleppe )
Syrian Cathedral ( Syrian Catholic Archdiocese of Damas )
Syrian popes
Seven popes from Syria ascended the papal throne , many of them lived in Italy , Pope Gregory III , was previously the last pope to have been born outside Europe until the election of Francis in 2013 .
See also
Syriac Catholic Church
Eastern Catholic Churches
List of Syrian popes
List of Saints from Asia
References
GCatholic.org
Catholic-Hierarchy
External links
Profile of the Catholic church in Syria
Malekshah ( ) may refer to :
Malekshahi dialect , see Southern Kurdish
Malekshahi , Kermanshah
Malekshahi County , in Ilam Province
Qi Hong ( ; born June 3 , 1976 in Shanghai ) is a former Chinese international footballer who played as an attacking midfielder or shadow striker throughout their career .
At Shanghai Shenhua they won the league and Chinese FA Cup with them before controversially moving to then local neighbours Shanghai COSCO Huili . While internationally they were part of the Chinese squad that came fourth within the 2000 AFC Asian Cup as well as also being part of the squad that took part in the 2002 FIFA World Cup . Since retiring they would help form a local youth football club Shanghai Luckystar , however on October 12 , 2010 they were detained by police for their involvement in fixing a league game against Tianjin Teda F.C . on November 30 , 2003 and was sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on June 13 , 2012 .
Club career
As a juvenile from Shanghai , they progressed at all the levels of the Shanghai Shenhua youth football training system and was a stand out player before they graduated into the senior side . Making their debut in the senior team at the 1995 league season , at the age of 19 years they made a big impression by scoring 6 league goals in 14 appearances that helped contribute to Shanghai Shenhua winning the league championship . They would cement their position within the team the following season when they played in a further 16 league games scoring 4 goals , however this was not enough from regaining the title and Shanghai unfortunately came second in the league to Dalian Wanda . During their seven seasons at Shanghai they were only able to add a Chinese FA Cup to their honours and despite coming runners-up several times they were often beaten by the dominant Dalian Wanda .
Qi Hong would surprise many when they transferred to SFC 's local rivals Shanghai COSCO Huili at the beginning of the 2002 league season . While the transfer initially saw Shanghai COSCO Huili better Shanghai Shenhua by coming in 9th compared to Shanghai Shenhua 's 12th and several seasons of that saw both teams fight for the title , Shanghai COSCO Huili decided to move to Xi'an and Qi left . Deciding to stay in Shanghai Qi played for Shanghai The 9 who were in the second tier as well as ending their career with Shanghai United .
After their retirement in 2007.1 , they devote themselves into cultivating Chinese youth football player . Therefore , they and their good friend Shen Si , who was also a national football player , launched a local football club called Shanghai Luckystar , with the goal to develop the super football player for china .
International career
Qi Hong would be called up into the Chinese senior squad in 1998 where they would establish themselves as a regular known for their outstanding football awareness and technical ability rather than their physical strength . During their time with the national team they and fellow Shanghai team members , Fan Zhiyi and Xie Hui were called `` The Three Musketeers '' . Qi Hong particularly endeared themselves to the national team when they scored three key goals in the Asian zone second stage in qualifying for the 2002 World Cup finals against the United Arab Emirates and Oman to send China to their first World Cup . Highly respected , Qi Hong was often the key to the Chinese attack on the pitch even though they lacked the physical presence of others , yet they were the leader on the football pitch and was a very popular and respected footballer despite being a low-key and modest character .
International goals
Match-fixing
On October 12 , 2010 , Qi Hong was reported to have been detained by the police and was said to be involved in fixing the November 30 , 2003 league game against Tianjin Teda F.C . during their stint as a player at Shanghai International . The allegations suggest that their teammate Shen Si was bribed by former Tianjin Teda general manager Yang Yifeng a total of 12 million Yuan to lose the game and that Shen had asked teammates Qi Hong , Jiang Jin and Li Ming ( 1975 ) to help him . After being arrested by the police a lengthy wait eventually saw Qi Hong found guilty of match-fixing and was sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on June 13 , 2012 and fined 500,000 Yuan along with their associates except for Shen Si who was given six years .
Honours
Shanghai Shenhua
Chinese Jia-A League : 1995
Chinese FA Cup : 1998
References
External links
2002 World Cup Player Profile at BBC.co.uk
1976 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Shanghai
China international footballers
2002 FIFA World Cup players
2000 AFC Asian Cup players
Shanghai Shenhua F.C . players
Beijing Renhe F.C . players
Association football midfielders
Morning Cloud was the name given by the British politician Edward Heath to a series of five yachts which they owned between 1969 and 1983 .
The yachts
No . 1
Sparkman and Stephens S & S 34 , length 34 ft. , year of launch 1969 . Edward Heath won the Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race with this boat in the same year . They were sold in December 1970 to Stewart Benest of Jersey , who renamed their Nuage de Matin . They sank off Gorey Castle , Jersey , on 2 September 1974 , after the seas took them from their moorings .
No . 2
Designed by Sparkman and Stephens , length 42 ft. , hull material wood ( mahogany ) , constructed by Lallows ( UK ) , year of launch 1971 . Heath used the boat in the Admiral 's Cup of that year as part of the winning British team . At least two copies of the boat were built under licence from him .
No . 3
Designed by Sparkman and Stephens , length 44 ft. 9 ins. , hull material wood , constructed by Lallows ( UK ) , year of launch 1973 . It was used in the Admiral 's Cup of that year , but Heath was only on board for the Fastnet race because of other commitments . It was lost at sea on 5 September 1974 when it was hit by a large wave while en route to Cowes from Burnham-on-Crouch . Heath was not on board . Two of the seven crew drowned . It was insured by Lloyd 's of London . This was only three days after Morning Cloud I ( see above ) sank .
No . 4
Designed by Sparkman and Stephens , length 45 ft. , hull material aluminium , constructed by Allday Aluminium of Gosport , and Camper and Nicholons ( yard number 1390 ) year of launch 1975 .
No . 5
Designed by Ron Holland , length 44 ft. , hull material composite , year of launch 1977 . In the 1979 Fastnet race ( which was part of the Admiral 's Cup ) it lost its rudder and failed to finish . Heath sold the boat in 1983 .
References
External links
Photographs of Morning Cloud
Yacht no . 3- photo-aphoto-b
Yacht no . 4- photo-a photo-b photo-c
Individual sailing vessels
Sailing in the United Kingdom
Maritime incidents in 1974
Maritime incidents in 1976
Edward Heath
Richard Henry `` Honey '' Starzyk ( March 1 , 1921 – October 6 , 1990 ) was an American professional basketball player . They played for the Tri-Cities Blackhawks in the National Basketball League during the 1946–47 season and averaged 1.3 points per game . Starzyk also played for the Grand Rapids Rangers in the Professional Basketball League of America .
References
1921 births
1990 deaths
American men 's basketball players
American military personnel of World War II
Basketball players from Chicago
DePaul Blue Demons men 's basketball players
Guards ( basketball )
Professional Basketball League of America players
Tri-Cities Blackhawks players
The Norte de Santander and City of Cucutá Museum ( Spanish : Museo Norte de Santander y Ciudad de Cucutá ) is a museum located in northeastern Colombia . The museum is in charge of exhibiting art and photographs of the department of Norte de Santander . The museum is dedicated to preserving the regional heritage .
History
The museum is managed by the Norte de Santander and City of Cúcuta Foundation , which was created in 2006 . In 2010 , the government gave a building to the Foundation , the building was an old house of the brothers Carlos and Sofia Ferrero during that year , the building was in poor condition , in 2011 began the remodeling of the building , in which 60 million Colombian pesos were contributed by the Departmental Government and an additional 70 million by regional companies . In December 2021 , it opened for the first time . In 2014 , the museum implemented a Film Club program . In August 2021 , members of the museum participated in the Colombian Bicentennial Commemoration event in Villa del Rosario .
Collections
The museum contains a collection of paintings and sculptures . The museum contains commercial writings and an act of foundation of the railroad of Cucutá , in addition the museum has a collection of letters , documents , newspapers , that great part are of the XIX century . In addition , the museum contains archaeological pieces from pre-Hispanic times . As well as objects from the XIV and XX centuries such as crockery , musical instruments , clothing and furniture . The museum contains photographs and maps about the development of the city of Cucutá . In 2016 , the exhibition `` Cucutá , infinite city '' was presented in which photographs of Cucutá were exhibited , as well as photographs of the municipalities of the Metropolitan Area such as El Zulia , Los Patios , Puerto Santander , San Cayetano and Villa del Rosario , in this exhibition included works by Wilmer Leonardo Useché , Israel Cerón Murillo and Freeman Valencia Zúñiga . In 2019 , the museum presented the exhibition `` es_ta_do_na_ción '' , which deals with artistic expressions of political organization since the 17th century as well as ideas of nationhood and the collapse of contemporaneity . During this 2019 exhibition , Glenda León , Núria Güell , Timea Oravecz , Khaled Jarrar , Mohamed Arejdal , Alan Carrasco and Wilmer Useche participated . In 2021 , ceramics by the artist Belén de Roma that were worked on six years ago were exhibited , among their works exhibited was the Hecuba Wheel . During the confinement of the Covid-19 pandemic , the museum acquired 60 pieces of art .
References
External links
Facebook
Buildings and structures in Norte de Santander Department
2011 establishments in Colombia
Art museums and galleries in Colombia
Haichen Liang is a paralympic athlete from China competing mainly in category T46 sprint events .
Haichen competed in the 100 m , 200 m and 400 m at the 2000 Summer Paralympics winning the silver medal in the 100 m .
References
Paralympic athletes of China
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for China
Chinese male sprinters
Living people
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Paralympic medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Amputee sprinters
Paralympic sprinters
Prelapse is an album by the Boston-based band of the same name featuring John Zorn . The album was released on the Japanese Avant label in 1999 and features 10 tracks originally written by Zorn for the band Naked City . The band came to Zorn 's attention after transcribing several Naked City compositions .
Track listing
`` Menstrual Mystery Meat '' ( Wendell ) - 0:57
`` Alarms '' ( Johnson ) - 3:28
`` Corkscrew '' ( Zorn ) - 0:45
`` Mintcrumb Rosette '' ( Hudgins ) - 3:30
`` Slingshot '' ( Wendell ) - 0:55
`` Blood Sucking Freaks '' ( Zorn ) - 1:26
`` Screwball '' ( Zorn ) - 0:43
`` Cold '' ( Zorn ) - 2:54
`` Message for Alex Part 1 '' ( Lacamoire , Wendell ) - 0:52
`` Lachrym '' ( Lacamoire ) - 3:29
`` 545 : Mystery Hole '' ( Wendell ) - 2:29
`` Leper Sap '' ( Lacamoire ) - 2:32
`` Spectres of Bird '' ( Zorn ) - 1:00
`` Basketcase '' ( Zorn ) - 0:39
`` Fat Neck , No Neck '' ( Wendell ) - 6:14
`` Message for Alex Part 2 '' ( Lacamoire , Wendell ) - 0:47
`` Drag '' ( Johnson ) - 3:12
`` Bug Skull '' ( Zorn ) - 0:29
`` The Shrike '' ( Zorn ) - 1:16
`` Pools of Urine '' ( Wendell ) - 2:11
`` Bloodbath '' ( Zorn ) - 0:39
`` Purged Specimen '' ( Zorn ) - 1:30
`` Coda '' ( Zorn ) - 0:16
Recorded at B.C . Studio , New York in November 1997
Personnel
Alex Lacamoire – keyboards
Rev . Mason Wendell – bass , vocals
Dane Johnson – guitar
Andy Sanesi – drums
Jeff Hudgins – alto , clarinet
John Zorn ( 3 , 6 , 7 , 13 , 14 , 18 , 19 , 21-23 ) : alto
References
John Zorn albums
1999 albums
Avant Records albums
The 2019 France Women 's Sevens is the final tournament within the 2018–19 World Rugby Women 's Sevens Series and the fourth edition of the France Women 's Sevens . For the first time in the tournament 's history , it is held over the weekend of 15–16 June 2019 at Parc des Sports Aguiléra in Biarritz . With New Zealand already qualified for the 2020 Summer Olympics , and the United States only needing to field a team to become eligible , the remaining two slots shall be determined over the weekend based upon overall series ranking .
Format
The teams are drawn into three pools of four teams each . Each team plays every other team in their pool once . The top two teams from each pool advance to the Cup brackets while the top 2 third place teams also compete in the Cup/Plate . The other teams from each group play-off for the Challenge Trophy .
Teams
Eleven core teams are participating in the tournament along with one invited team , Scotland :
Pool stage
All times in Central European Summer Time ( UTC+02:00 )
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Knockout stage
Challenge Trophy
5th place
Cup
Tournament placings
Source : World Rugby
Players
Scoring leaders
Source : World Rugby
See also
2019 Paris Sevens ( for men )
World Rugby Women 's Sevens Series
2018–19 World Rugby Women 's Sevens Series
References
External links
World Rugby page
2019
2018–19 World Rugby Women 's Sevens Series
2019 in French women 's sport
June 2019 sports events in France
2019 in women 's rugby union
2018–19 in French rugby union
Chandini Sreedharan is an Indian actor . They made their acting debut with the 2013 Tamil film Ainthu Ainthu Ainthu . She 's notable for their Malayalam films such as KL 10 Patthu ( 2015 ) , Darvinte Parinamam ( 2016 ) and Comrade in America ( 2017 ) .
Career
In 2013 , Chandini Sreedharan debuted with the Tamil movie Ainthu Ainthu Ainthu , directed by Sasi . They played the female lead opposite Bharath . They were known as Mrithika in the film credits . Them second movie was in Telugu , Chakkiligintha , directed by Vema Reddy . They played the female lead opposite Sumanth Ashwin . They were credited as Rehhana in this film .
Them third movie was in Malayalam , KL 10 Patthu , directed by Muhsin Parari . They played the female lead opposite Unni Mukundan . This time they used their real name , and plans to do the same in all industries in the future . Then they acted in the Malayalam movie Darvinte Parinamam directed by Jijo Antony . They played the female lead opposite Prithviraj .
Filmography
References
Living people
1995 births
Indian actores
Kakiika Division is one of the six administrative divisions that make up Mbarara Municipality in Uganda . The six divisions that make up Mbarara Municipality include , Kamukuzi Division , Nyamitanga Division , Kakoba Division , Biharwe Division , Kakiika Division and Nyakayojo Division .
Location
The Coordinates of Kakiika Division are
Latitide : 0° 34 ' 10.7 '' ( 0.5696° ) south
Longitude : 30° 40 ' 27.2 '' ( 30.6742° ) east
Average elevation : 1,438 meters ( 4,718 feet )
It borders with Kakoba Division and Kamukuzi Division in the south , Biharwe Division in the west , Rubaya and Rwanyamahembe Subcounties of Mbarara District in the North , Bubaare Subcounty of Mbarara District in the West and Nyakayojo Division in the South West .
Overview
The Division was annexed to Mbarara Municipality on 1 July 2014 together with Biharwe Division and Nyakayojo Division it is developing on a higher rate than the other two since its near the Central Business District .
It contains the following neighbourhoods , Makenke , Koranorya , Rwemigyina , Rwebishuri , Kyamugorani , Katebe , Migamba , Bunutsya , Kagorogoro , Nyakabungo , Kakoma , Nyarubanga , Kafunjo , Kamwe Kamwe Trading Centre , Buremba
Population
The 2014 National Population and housing census established the population of Kakiika Division to be with 21973 .
Points of interest
Mbarara Northern bypass road
Koranorya Market
Coca-Cola Plant
Kyamugorani Prison
Eden International School
Mbarara Community Hospital
See also
Makenke
Mbarara
Kakoba Division
References
Mbarara
Tony Williams ( born June 21 , 1978 ) is a former American basketball player . They played in the Asociación Deportiva Atenas for 14 seasons after playing college basketball with the Louisville Cardinals and becoming one of the school 's 1000-point scorers .
They are now the head basketball coach at Doss High School .
They were a member of CardinalSportsZone.com after playing and before coaching .
References
1978 births
Living people
Basketball players from Louisville , Kentucky
Atenas basketball players
Louisville Cardinals men 's basketball players
Doss High School alumni
American men 's basketball players
Teratoneura is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae , endemic to the Afrotropical realm .
Species
Teratoneura congoensis Stempffer , 1954
Teratoneura isabellae Dudgeon , 1909
References
Seitz , A . Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13 : Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter . Plate XIII 65 c
Poritiinae
Lycaenidae genera
Harry Lockwood West ( 28 July 1905 – 28 March 1989 ) was a British actor . They were the father of actor Timothy West and the grandfather of actor Samuel West .
Life and career
West was born in Birkenhead , Cheshire , England in 1905 , the son of Mildred ( née Hartley ) and Henry Cope West , and through their mother a fourth cousin of the actor Margaret Lockwood , their common ancestor being Joseph Lockwood ( c.1758–1837 ) , a former Mayor of Doncaster , West Riding of Yorkshire . West married the actor Olive Carleton-Crowe ( died 1985 ) and with them had two children ; a son , the actor Timothy West , and a daughter , Patricia .
They made their stage debut in 1926 as Lieutenant Allen in Alf 's Button at the Hippodrome Theatre in Margate , Kent . Their London stage debut was as Henry Bevan in The Barretts of Wimpole Street at the Queen 's Theatre in 1931 .
West 's television appearances included Just William ( 1962 ) , Dr. Finlay 's Casebook ( 1964 ) , No Hiding Place ( 1965 ) , The Prisoner ( 1967 ) , Doctor at Large ( 1971 ) , Please Sir ! ( 1972 ) , The Pallisers ( 1974 ) , I , Claudius ( 1976 ) , Porterhouse Blue ( 1987 ) and posthumously in Specials ( 1991 ) . They portrayed King Edward VII in 1972 in an episode of the LWT television drama series Upstairs , Downstairs entitled `` Guest of Honour '' - in which the King visited the family for dinner , and also in the BBC television drama series The Life and Times of David Lloyd George in 1981 . Their son Timothy West was to also play the King in the 1975 television series Edward the Seventh .
Their film appearances include A Song for Tomorrow ( 1948 ) , Bedazzled ( 1967 ) , Up the Junction ( 1968 ) , Jane Eyre ( 1970 ) , The Satanic Rites of Dracula ( 1973 ) , Young Sherlock Holmes ( 1985 ) and as Geoffrey in The Dresser ( 1983 ) .
On BBC Radio West appeared in numerous drama productions from the 1940s to the 1980s and between 1969 and 1980 played the role of Arthur Tyson in the BBC Radio 2 daily serial Waggoners ' Walk .
They died of cancer on 28 March 1989 in Brighton .
Selected filmography
A Song for Tomorrow ( 1948 ) – Mr. Stokes
Badger 's Green ( 1949 ) – Managing director
Edward , My Son ( 1949 ) – Hall porter ( uncredited )
Celia ( 1949 ) – Dr. Cresswell
No Place for Jennifer ( 1950 ) – Head Salesman at Jeweller 's Shop
Last Holiday ( 1950 ) – Dinsdale
High Treason ( 1951 ) – Minister ( uncredited )
Hammer the Toff ( 1952 ) – Kennedy
The Oracle ( 1953 ) – Adams
Sailor of the King ( 1953 ) – Lt. Marsh ( uncredited )
Seagulls Over Sorrento ( 1954 ) – Curly , Stores Petty Officer ( uncredited )
Lease of Life ( 1954 ) – The Bookdealer
Private 's Progress ( 1956 ) – Detective ( uncredited )
The Birthday Present ( 1957 ) – Mr. Barraclough
The Mark of the Hawk ( 1957 ) – Magistrate
The Man Who Could Cheat Death ( 1959 ) – First Doctor ( uncredited )
Tunes of Glory ( 1960 ) – Provost
Strongroom ( 1962 ) – Police Inspector
The Running Man ( 1963 ) – Bank Manager
The Leather Boys ( 1964 ) – Reggie 's Father
Game for Three Losers ( 1965 ) – Justice Tree
Rotten to the Core ( 1965 ) – Bank Manager ( uncredited )
Life at the Top ( 1965 ) – Man at 1st meeting ( uncredited )
Bedazzled ( 1967 ) – St. Peter
Up the Junction ( 1968 ) – Magistrate
A Dandy in Aspic ( 1968 ) – Quince
Jane Eyre ( 1970 ) – Reverend Wood
One Brief Summer ( 1970 ) – Ebert
The Satanic Rites of Dracula ( 1973 ) – Freeborne
The Dresser ( 1983 ) – Geoffrey Thornton
The Shooting Party ( 1985 ) – Rogers
Young Sherlock Holmes ( 1985 ) – Curio Shop Owner
References
External links
1905 births
1989 deaths
Deaths from cancer in England
British male film actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
People from Birkenhead
20th-century English male actors
Male actors from Cheshire
Trisulam ( ) is a 1982 Indian Telugu-language drama film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao in screenplay written by Satyanand . The film stars Krishnam Raju and Sridevi .
Jayasudha , Raadhika , Prabhakar Reddy , Gollapudi Maruti Rao and Rao Gopal Rao are featured in supporting roles . The music was composed by K. V. Mahadevan . The songs `` Pellante Pandillu '' and `` Raayini Aadadi Chesina '' were chartbusters . The film was based on the novel Jagriti . It was remade in Hindi as Naya Kadam ( 1984 ) .
Cast
Krishnam Raju as Ramu and Harish as Young Ramu
Sridevi as Lakshmi
Jayasudha as Neeli
Raadhika as Yadi
Prabhakar Reddy
Gollapudi Maruti Rao as Hitler Raghavaiah
Rao Gopal Rao as Pentaiah
Allu Rama Lingaiah as Lingam
Chalapathi Rao as Bhadraiah
Tulasi
Rajya Lakshmi
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by K. V. Mahadevan . All Lyrics penned by Aathreya
Veluguku Udhayam - ( P Suseela , S P Baalasubrahmanyam )
Pellante Pandhillu - ( P Suseela , S P Baalasubrahmanyam )
Raayini Aadadhi Chesina Raamudivaa - ( P Suseela , P Baalasubrahmanyam )
Anukoledammaa Ilaa Avuthundani - ( P Suseela , S P Baalasubrahmanyam )
Athade Vachchi ( Padyam ) - ( S P Baalasubrahmanyam )
Suprabhaatham Suprabhaatham - ( P Suseela , S P Baalasubrahmanyam )
Pannendellaku Pushkaraalu - ( P Suseela , S P Baalasubrahmanyam )
References
External links
1982 films
1980s Telugu-language films
Indian drama films
Films directed by K. Raghavendra Rao
Films produced by Krishnam Raju
Films scored by K. V. Mahadevan
Films about the education system in India
Films based on Indian novels
Telugu films remade in other languages
1982 drama films
Count Frans David Alopaeus ( also Alopeus ) ( December 19 , 1769 in Vyborg – June 13 , 1831 in Berlin ) was an Imperial Russian diplomat . Born into the Finnish Alopaeus family , they followed their older brother Maximilian von Alopaeus into a diplomatic career . They were enrolled at the Military Academy in Stuttgart from 1781 to 1785 . They studied at the Georg-August-Universität in Göttingen . They were the Imperial Russian ambassador to Stockholm from 1803 , and took part in the negotiations for the Peace of Fredrickshamn in 1809 . They were granted a title of count along with the coat of arms in 1820 in Congress Poland for their negotiations on Congress Poland 's borders with Kingdom of Prussia .
References
Frans David Alopaeus
1769 births
1831 deaths
Diplomats from Vyborg
University of Göttingen alumni
Ambassadors of Russia to Sweden
Counts of Poland
Finnish expatriates in Sweden
Finnish people from the Russian Empire
The blue finch or yellow-billed blue finch ( Porphyrospiza caerulescens ) is a species of small bird . Although it was long classified in the bunting family Emberizidae , or the cardinal family Cardinalidae , more recent molecular studies have shown it fits comfortably in the Thraupini tribe within the family Thraupidae .
It is found in Brazil and northeastern Bolivia , where its natural habitat is dry savanna . It is becoming rare due to habitat loss .
References
External links
`` Blue finch '' - '' Porphyrospiza caerulescens '' Photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res -- ( Close-up )
Photo-High Res
blue finch
blue finch
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of Brazil
blue finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tanagers
The Living God : Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization is a 2015 English language short documentary film written and directed by Prakas Aheibam . It is based on the medicine and the ancient Meitei civilization ( ancient Kangleipak ) .
This documentary film was produced by a resourceless staff who were deeply conscious and appreciated of ancient forgotten human values for the revival . It initiates the information about unknown things and unsuspected resources of ancient civilizations and the hugely deep and materialistic modern times casting their shadow upon them . It shows the undiscovered knowledge as well as the unending ways and resources of the universe known to man only through deeply spiritual and considering great forces .
Background
Meetei Civilization ( Ancient Kangleipak ) , in the present day Northeast India bordering Myanmar ( Burma ) , is a civilization still unknown to most of the world . Meitei script , its ancient script is the representation of the well developed nature of its civilization . The form , structure and phonology of the ancient Meitei writing system show the understanding of human physiology . The ancient Puyas record their ancient knowledge on many subjects including astrology , astronomy , genetics , human physiology , medicine , oracles ( predictions ) , abiogenesis ( origin of life ) , cosmogony ( study of the origin of the universe ) , and the secrets of life and death . The ancient Meitei writings also deal with the relationship between Lai ( Meitei term for God ) and human beings . Even in present day times , the mixed relationship between the two entities are celebrated in the Lai Haraoba ( festivals of Gods ) . Standing against the burning of Puyas ( Puya Mei Thaba ) , many of these ancient writings still survive even today . The medicine of this ancient civilization is considered as an inheritance from the Lai ( Meitei term for God ) . The descendent people of the ancient civilization still continue to cure as well as treat many modern diseases and illnesses with the healing power of the ancient medicine .
Prakas Aheibam , the director of the movie , has interests of antiques , artifacts and folktales since their childhood . Like many people of their age , they grew up hearing about the historic golden era of Meitei culture . So , they wished for studying for the then unknown world of Meetei Civilization ( Ancient Kangleipak ) . In the year 2006 , they saw a miraculous healing effect of the ancient Meitei medical science . It was when their father was suffering from a disease . So , they got more curious to learn about ancient Meitei culture and society . At the same time , one of their friends introduced them to the illustrated human physiology that formed the structure and phonology of revived ancient Meitei script . For almost a decade , Prakas Aheibam dedicated to study for the different aspects of the ancient Meetei Civilization ( Ancient Kangleipak ) .
International receptions
The movie received official entries in many international film festivals across the world . These include :
Accolades
The `` The Living God : Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization '' won multiple awards and honours from many international film festivals held across the globe . It won the `` Best Foreign Short Documentary '' and the `` Best Original Music '' at the `` Los Angeles Independent Film Festival '' for the month of April . Its screening and awarding was held on 9 May 2015 in Los Angeles . This documentary also got official selection for the `` Los Angeles CineFest '' in the same year .
In the International Film Festival for Peace , Inspiration , and Equality 2015 , `` The Living God : Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization '' won two awards . It won the `` Humanitarian Award '' and the `` Merit Award '' . In the same festival , it was also designated as the `` Finalists Most Favorite Film 2015 '' .
In the `` Hollywood International Independent Documentary Awards 2016 '' , the `` The Living God : Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization '' won the Best Foreign Documentary ( Short ) Award .
See also
Daughters of the Polo God
My Japanese Niece
References
External links
Cinema of Manipur
English-language Indian films
Meitei culture
Northeast Indian films
2015 films
2015 documentary films
2015 short films
Indian short documentary films
2010s English-language films
Tajuria is an Indomalayan genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae .
Species
Tajuria alangani Schröder , Treadaway & Nuyda , 1993 Philippines
Tajuria albiplaga de Nicéville , 1887
Tajuria androconia Z.G . Wang & Y. Niu , 2002
Tajuria arida Riley , 1923
Tajuria berenis Druce , 1896
Tajuria cippus ( Fabricius , 1798 )
Tajuria caelurea Nire , 1926
Tajuria culta ( de Nicéville , [ 1896 ] )
Tajuria cyrillus ( Hewitson , 1865 )
Tajuria deudorix ( Hewitson , 1869 )
Tajuria diaeus ( Hewitson , 1865 )
Tajuria discalis Fruhstorfer , 1897
Tajuria dominus Druce , 1895
Tajuria gui Chou & Wang , 1994 China
Tajuria iapyx ( Hewitson , 1865 )
Tajuria igolotiana ( Murayama & Okamura , 1973 ) Philippines
Tajuria illurgioides de Nicéville , 1890 North India , Assam , Sikkim
Tajuria illurgis ( Hewitson , 1869 )
Tajuria inexpectata Eliot , 1973 Sumatra , Borneo , Peninsular Malaya
Tajuria isaeus ( Hewitson , 1865 )
Tajuria ister ( Hewitson , 1865 )
Tajuria jalajala ( C. & R. Felder , 1865 )
Tajuria jehana Moore , [ 1884 ]
Tajuria luculentus ( Leech , 1890 )
Tajuria lucullus Druce , 1904 Borneo
Tajuria maculata ( Hewitson , 1865 )
Tajuria mantra ( C. & R. Felder , 1860 )
Tajuria matsutaroi Hayashi , 1984
Tajuria megistia ( Hewitson , 1869 )
Tajuria melastigma de Nicéville , 1887
Tajuria mizunumai H. Hayashi , 1978
Tajuria ogyges ( de Nicéville , 1895 )
Tajuria sebonga Tytler , 1915 Manipur
Tajuria sunia Moulton , 1911 Peninsular Malaya
Tajuria yajna ( Doherty , 1886 )
References
, 1897 . Neue Rhopaloceren aus dem Malayischen Archipel Societas Entomologica 12 ( 7 ) : 49-50 .
, 2011 : A new subspecies of Tajuria matsutaroi ( Lepidoptera , Lycaenidae ) from Leyte Is. , the Philippines . Transactions of the Lepidopterological Society of Japan 62 ( 1 ) : 33-34 . Abstract : .
, 1967 . The generic names of the butterflies and their type species ( Lepidoptera : Rhopalocera ) . Bulletin of the British Museum ( Natural History ) 1967 , Suppl . 9 .
, 1881 . Lepidoptera of Ceylon Volume 1 . L. Reeve & Co. , London . 190 pp . 71 pls .
& , 1996. a study of Tajuria discalis Fruhstorfer , 1897 ( Lepidoptera : Lycaenidae ) from Indonesia . Transactions of the Lepidopterological Society of Japan 47 : 83-92 .
1996 : A new subspecies of the genus Tajuria from Taiwan ( Lepidoptera : Lycaenidae ) . Wallace 2 : 6-7 .
, 1999 : Zur kenntnis philippinischer Lycaenidae , 11 . ( Lepidoptera ) . Entomologische Zeitschrift 109 ( 4 ) : 145-154 .
, 2006 : Tajuria diaeus ( Hewitson ) ( Lepidoptera : Lycaenidae ) from North Sumatra with a description of a new subspecies . Butterflies ( Teinopalpus ) 43 : 30-31 .
, 2012 : Revised checklist of the butterflies of the Philippine Islands ( Lepidoptera : Rhopalocera ) . Nachrichten des Entomologischen Vereins Apollo , Suppl . 20 : 1-64 .
External links
Images representing Tajuria at Consortium for the Barcode of Life
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
Willi Sten Railo ( 22 March 1941 – 8 July 2010 ) was a Norwegian sport psychologist and professor of performance psychology .
They became known nationally for their 1986 book Best når det gjelder ( `` Best When it Counts '' ) . Since the 1980s , they worked as a consultant for Swedish football manager Sven-Göran Eriksson , and continued in this position also during the latter 's stint as manager for the English national football team . They also worked with the Norwegian football club Vålerenga in 2005 , when the club won the Norwegian Premier League . In the Norwegian Athletics Association they were a member of the medical committee in 1978 and 1980 .
References
1941 births
2010 deaths
Norwegian psychologists
Sports psychologists
The 2022 Superrace Championship ( also known as the 2022 CJ Logistics Superrace Championship ) is a South Korean motor racing series for stock cars , production cars and prototypes . It is the 17th season running for the championship and the 16th season both partnered by CJ Group and raced under the moniker Superrace Championship . The championship is contested individually between 5 classes ; Super 6000 , Kumho GT ( GT1 & GT2 ) , Cadillac CT4 Class , BMW M Class and Sports Prototype ( Radical ) Cup Korea .
Calendar
Teams and drivers
Super 6000
Since 2020 , all teams are currently using the Toyota GR Supra powered with a General Motors 6.2L LS3 V8 engine capable of producing 460 horsepower .
Kumho GT
Season summary
Championship standings
Drivers championships
Scoring system
Super 6000
Teams championships
Super 6000
The teams championship is decided upon points scored by two drivers per team after each race . Teams with 3 or more drivers have 15 days before each race to select two drivers to add their points towards their final tally .
Tyre manufacturers championships
In 2022 , Superrace announced a new championship for the tyre manufacturers for the Super 6000 class . Hankook Tire , Kumho Tire & Nexen Tire will participate , along with 9 teams who currently use their tyres . Like the teams championship , the tyre manufacturers must select 5 drivers per tyre user 15 days before each round to add their points towards their final tally .
{ |
|
References
External links
Motorsport in South Korea
Superrace Championship
Superrace Championship
KFXS ( 100.3 FM , `` Real Rock 100.3 The Fox '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Rapid City , South Dakota . The station is owned by HomeSlice Media Group , LLC . It airs a heritage rock music format .
Notable on-air personalities include D. Ray Knight ( weekdays 6-10 ) , Jake Michaels ( weekdays 10-2 ) and Gunner ( weekdays 2-7 ) plus syndicated show Steve Gorman Rocks ( weeknights 7-midnight ) .
The station was assigned the KFXS call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on October 28 , 1994 .
Ownership
In May 1999 , Triad Broadcasting reached a deal to acquire this station from Brothers Jim and Tom Instad as part of a twelve-station deal valued at a reported $ 37.8 million .
In July 2006 , Schurz Communications Inc. reached an agreement to buy this station from Triad Broadcasting Co. as part of a six-station deal valued at a reported $ 19 million . Schurz Communications created the Black Hills broadcast division , New Rushmore Radio , now known as Rushmore Media Company , Inc .
Schurz Communications announced on September 14 , 2015 that it would exit broadcasting and sell its television and radio stations , including KFXS , to Gray Television for $ 442.5 million . Though Gray initially intended to keep Schurz ' radio stations , on November 2 , it announced that HomeSlice Media Group , LLC would acquire KFXS and the other Rushmore Media Company radio stations for $ 2.2 million ; the deal reunited the stations with KBHB and KKLS , which HomeSlice acquired from Schurz in 2014 following its purchase of KOTA-TV . The HomeSlice purchase was consummated on February 15 , 2016 at a price of $ 2.5 million .
References
External links
KFXS official website
FXS
Pennington County , South Dakota
Classic rock radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1977
Duguna Uparwar is a village in Deegh Mandal , Sant Ravidas Nagar District , Uttar Pradesh State .
References
Villages in Bhadohi district
The Crusader fortress of Caesarea fell to the Mamluks in 1265 . In 1251 , Louis IX had fortified the city , ordering the construction of high walls ( parts of which are still standing ) and a deep moat . However , strong walls could not keep out the Mamluk sultan Baybars , who ordered their troops to scale the walls in several places simultaneously , enabling them to penetrate the city .
References
Sieges involving the Mamluk Sultanate
Conflicts in 1265
1265 in Asia
Caesarea
13th century in the Mamluk Sultanate
Military history of the Crusader states between the Seventh and Eighth Crusades
The Japanese accentor ( Prunella rubida ) is a species of bird in the family Prunellidae . It is found in Japan and Sakhalin .
Its natural habitat is temperate forest .
References
Japanese accentor
Birds of Japan
Japanese accentor
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
State Route 23 ( abbreviated SR 23 ) is an east–west major arterial urban highway running from Bellevue Boulevard ( U.S. Route 51 ) near downtown Memphis to Interstate 240 near Shelby Farms in Shelby County , Tennessee .
Route description
SR 23 is a mix between a four-lane divided highway and a seven-lane urban highway ( with center turn lane ) . This highway is designated on maps as being a secondary state route from its eastern terminus to its junction with SR 277 ( East Parkway ) . At this junction , SR 23 becomes a primary state route all the way to its western terminus at US 51 . SR 23 is better known as Union Avenue from its junction with SR 57 ( Poplar Avenue ) to its western terminus with US 51 . Union Avenue continues beyond this terminus going toward downtown Memphis ending at Riverside Drive . SR 23 from Poplar Avenue to I-240 is known as Walnut Grove Road . According to data from TDOT , The SR 23 designation ends at I-240 , however , Walnut Grove Road actually continues east through Shelby Farms .
Future
In 2008 , Walnut Grove Road was widened from the interchange with I-240 to the Wolf River bridge . The project , which included a new Single Point Urban Interchange with Humphreys Boulevard , was scheduled to be complete before December 1 , 2008 but was finished eight months early . The improvements will be continued east of this project through Shelby Farms , including a connection to a proposed extension of Kirby-Whitten Parkway ( aka Shelby Farms Parkway ) . This is expected to begin within the next year or so .
Major intersections
References
023
Transportation in Memphis , Tennessee
Transportation in Shelby County , Tennessee
Sollner-Wall House is a national historic site located at 1759 Chaires Cross Road , Tallahassee , Florida in Leon County .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 9 , 2012 .
References
National Register of Historic Places in Tallahassee , Florida
Eish fino ( ) is a long baguette-shaped bread roll from Egypt made with wheat flour . It is the most commonly consumed bread type in the country after eish baladi , the staple flatbread . It has a soft texture and is often cut open to allow for fillings , common ones include various cheeses , halawa or fried cow liver . The loaves are thin and long , usually around 20 centimeters in length . The width on the other hand can vary greatly , but bakeries rarely make them wider than a few centimeters .
See also
Egyptian cuisine
References
Arab cuisine
Egyptian breads
Mariner 's Temple is a Baptist church at 3 Henry Street , in the Two Bridges section of Manhattan , New York City . It is a brownstone building with Ionic columns . It is affiliated with the American Baptist Churches USA .
History
The church was established in 1795 as Oliver Street Baptist Church . The building was inaugurated in 1845 . Early Swedish Baptist leaders Anders Wiberg and John Alexis Edgren were ordained in the church in 1852 and 1866 , respectively . Reverend Dr. Henrietta Carter became pastor in 1998 .
Beliefs
The church has a Baptist confession of faith and is a member of the American Baptist Churches USA .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Manhattan below 14th Street
List of New York City Designated Landmarks in Manhattan below 14th Street
References
External links
Mariners ' Temple Baptist Church
American Memory from the Smithsonian
Early records
Churches in Manhattan
New York City Designated Landmarks in Manhattan
Baptist churches in New York City
Churches completed in 1845
19th-century Baptist churches in the United States
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in Manhattan
Chinatown , Manhattan
Jalilabad Rural District ( ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 7,432 , in 1,765 families . The rural district was created in 2010 . The rural district has 8 villages .
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Pishva County
2010 establishments in Iran
The following is a list of awards and nominations received by British actor Rachel Weisz who is known for roles on the stage and screen .
They have received two Academy Award nominations winning Best Supporting Actress for their role in Fernando Meirelles The Constant Gardener ( 2005 ) . They received their second Academy Award nomination for their performance in the Yorgos Lanthimos period comedy The Favourite ( 2019 ) . Weisz also received a British Academy Film Award for Best Film Actress in a Supporting Role for their role in The Favourite . They have received three Golden Globe Award nominations and two Golden Globe Award nominations winning both for The Constant Gardener ( 2005 ) . For their work in theatre , they received the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Play for their leading performance as Blanche Dubois in the revival production of the Tennessee Williams ' play A Streetcar Named Desire in 2010 . Weisz made their Broadway debut in the revival of the Harold Pinter play Betrayal alongside their husband Daniel Craig in 2013 .
Major associations
Academy Awards
British Academy Film Awards
Golden Globe Awards
Screen Actors Guild Awards
Industry and Critics Awards
British Independent Film Awards
Critics ' Choice Movie Awards
European Film Awards
New York Film Critics Circle
Theatre awards
Laurence Olivier Awards
References
Weisz , Rachel
Ian Munro Ross FREng ( 15 August 1927 – 10 March 2013 ) was an early pioneer in transistors , and for 12 years President of Bell Labs .
Ross was born in Southport , England , and in 1948 received their bachelor 's degree in electrical engineering from Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge University . In 1952 they received their M.A . and PhD degrees in electrical engineering from Cambridge .
In 1952 William Shockley hired them to work in semiconductors at Bell Labs , and they arrived in Murray Hill just after John Bardeen and Walter Houser Brattain had left . Shockley 's group focused exclusively on transistor improvements , and Ross and G. C. Dacey were instrumental in the early stages of development of the field-effect transistor . In 1960 Ross and others invented epitaxy . They subsequently rose through managerial ranks , ultimately serving as the sixth President of Bell Labs 1979–1991 and overseeing its reorganization following the breakup of the Bell System .
In 1979 , they were a resident of Rumson , New Jersey .
Ross was a member of the National Academy of Engineering , National Academy of Sciences , and Royal Academy of Engineering , and a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers . They received the 1963 IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award `` for contributions to the development of the epitaxial transistor and other semiconductor devices '' , the 1987 IRI Medal from the Industrial Research Institute in recognition for their contributions to technology leadership , the 1988 IEEE Founders Medal `` for distinguished leadership of AT & T Bell Laboratories guiding innovation in telecommunications and information processing '' , and the 2001 Bueche Award `` for their contributions to semiconductor development , their leadership of engineering for communications networks and the Apollo program , and their role in shaping national policies affecting the semiconductor industry . ''
Selected works
G. C. Dacey and I. M. Ross , `` Unipolar field-effect transistor '' , Proc . IRE 41 , Aug. 1953 , pp . 970–979 .
J. L. Moll , I. M. Ross , `` The Dependence of Transistor Parameters on the Distribution of Base Layer Resistivity '' , Proc . IRE. , vol . 44 , 1956 , page 72 .
G. C. Dacey and I. M. Ross , `` Field Effect Transistor '' , Bell System Technical Journal , 34 , page 1149 , 1955 .
References
IEEE biography
Public Broadcasting Service biography
Bueche Award biography
Brinkman , W.F . ; Haggan , D.E . ; Troutman , W.W. , `` A history of the invention of the transistor and where it will lead us '' , IEEE Journal of Solid-State Circuits , Volume 32 , Issue 12 , Dec 1997 , Pages 1858–1865 .
Alcatel-Lucent biography
1927 births
2013 deaths
People from Southport
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge
British electrical engineers
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Scientists at Bell Labs
David James Fletcher Hunt , Baron Hunt of Wirral , ( born 21 May 1942 ) is a British Conservative politician who served as a member of the Cabinet under the Thatcher and Major administrations , and was appointed to the Privy Council in 1990 .
Education
Hunt was educated at Liverpool College , an independent school for boys ( now co-educational ) , in Liverpool , at the time in Lancashire ( and now in Merseyside ) , followed by the University of Bristol , where they studied Law . In 1965 , representing the university , they won The Observer Mace debating competition , speaking with Bob Marshall Andrews ( who would also go on to become an MP , for Labour . ) In 1995 , the competition was renamed the John Smith Memorial Mace , and is now run by the English-Speaking Union .
Early life
Born in Glyn Ceiriog in 1942 , the son of former Royal Naval Reserves Officer Alan N Hunt OBE and Jessie E E Northrop , David Hunt was the middle child of three , with two sisters .
Growing up , David was an active member of the Young Conservatives where they were inspired into running for political office for the Conservative Party .
Parliamentary career
Hunt unsuccessfully contested Bristol South in 1970 . In the 1973 Birthday Honours , they were appointed to the Order of the British Empire as a Member ( MBE ) for 'political services in the West of England ' . They then unsuccessfully contested Kingswood in 1974 . Hunt became the Member of Parliament for Wirral after winning a by-election in 1976 . The seat was broken up and Hunt became Member of Parliament for the new Wirral West constituency in 1983 .
In Government
In Government they served as a whip and junior minister under Margaret Thatcher , who made them Secretary of State for Wales in 1990 , shortly before their resignation later that year . In the 1990 Conservative Leadership election they are widely believed to have been the only member of the Cabinet to vote for Michael Heseltine on the first ballot . They remained at the Welsh Office until 1993 , then served as Secretary of State for Employment from 1993 to 1994 and as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster from 1994 to 1995 . In the Cabinet reshuffle of 1995 , Hunt was offered the position of Health Secretary which was turned down , that position then going to Stephen Dorrell . They briefly returned to the Welsh Office , whilst remaining Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster , for two weeks during the leadership election in mid-1995 as acting Secretary of State for Wales after the incumbent , John Redwood stepped down in order to be a candidate .
They lost their seat in the Labour landslide at the 1997 general election .
Peerage
In the 1997 Prime Minister 's Resignation Honours , they were raised to the peerage as Baron Hunt of Wirral in the county of Merseyside . Lord Hunt was senior partner at the national law firm Beachcroft Wansbroughs ( now DAC Beachcroft ) between 1996 and 2005 . They are now chairperson of the firm 's financial services division and is regarded as a major figure in the world of insurance and financial services . On certain Bills they used to occasionally step back up to the opposition front bench in the House of Lords , on an ad hoc basis . On 7 October 2008 , David Cameron formally appointed them to the front bench to shadow Peter Mandelson in the House of Lords on Department for Business , Enterprise and Regulatory Reform matters .
Hunt was awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws degree by the University of Bristol on 21 February 2008 . They are vice-president of the Holocaust Educational Trust . They became chairperson of the Press Complaints Commission on 17 October 2011 . In December 2011 they recommended closing the PCC and replacing it with an alternative independent press regulator .
Arms
Notes
External links
Profile at the Conservative Party website
Profile at Beachcroft LLP
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
Alumni of the University of Bristol
British Secretaries of State for Employment
Chancellors of the Duchy of Lancaster
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Conservative Party ( UK ) life peers
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Living people
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
People educated at Liverpool College
Politics of the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral
Secretaries of State for Wales
Treasurers of the Household
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
1942 births
In Māori mythology , Ārohirohi is the goddess of mirages and shimmering heat , and is the wife of Tama-nui-te-rā ( the Sun ) .
They created Mārikoriko ( Twilight ) , the first woman , from a mirage and then asked Paoro ( Echo ) to give them a voice .
References
Māori goddesses
Creator goddesses
Trickster goddesses
The Mount Adams Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Mount Adams at Newcomb in Essex County , New York . The station and contributing resources include a , steel frame lookout tower erected in 1917 , a foot trail leading up the 3,250 foot summit , and the 1922 observers cabin with shed and privy . The tower is a prefabricated structure built by the Aermotor Corporation to provide a front line of defense in preserving the Adirondack Park from the hazards of forest fires .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006 .
References
External links
The Fire Towers of New York
Government buildings completed in 1917
Towers completed in 1917
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Buildings and structures in Essex County , New York
Fire lookout towers in Adirondack Park
Fire lookout towers on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County , New York
The Chinese Ambassador to Tonga is the official representative of the People 's Republic of China to the Kingdom of Tonga .
List of representatives
See also
China–Tonga relations
References
Tonga
China
Kantipur GOLD ( Nepali : कान्तिपुर गोल्ड ) is a Nepali television channel . It is a sister channel of Kantipur Television and focuses mainly on sports , entertainment and lifestyle . The channel broadcasts current events in Nepal as well as national and international sporting activities for the promotion and the development of sports in the country .
Kantipur Gold was officially launched in February 2015 to meet the growing expectations of KTV viewers . As KTV focuses mainly on news and information , Kantipur Gold concentrates on televising entertainment and sports , providing live coverage of sports and entertainment events , both national and international . The international level competition , SAFF U-19 Championship , was broadcast from this channel .
References
External links
E-Kantipur
Television channels in Nepal
2015 establishments in Nepal
Statue of Jorge Matute Remus may refer to :
Statue of Jorge Matute Remus ( Centro , Guadalajara ) , Jalisco , Mexico
Statue of Jorge Matute Remus ( Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres ) , Centro , Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico
The Movieguide Awards is an annual award ceremony for Christian entertainment held every year in Hollywood and broadcast on the Hallmark Channel around the same time as the Academy Awards . The awards are commonly described as `` The Christian Oscars '' in industry circles .
History
In 1985 Ted Baehr of the Christian Film & Television Commission created Movieguide a family guide to movies and entertainment .
In 1988 conversations began with Sir John Templeton resulting in the Annual Movieguide Faith & Values Awards Gala debuting in 1993 with funding from the John Templeton Foundation .
Since then , Movieguide 's Annual Faith & Values Awards Gala has grown into a televised event that has been hosted by such celebrities as Terry Crews , Chuck Norris , Sadie Robertson , Bill Engvall , and Joe Mantegna .
In 2014 , The New Yorker noted that the Movieguide Awards have become more politicized following funding from the right-wing lobbyists .
The trophies are shaped like teddy bears , a subtle nod to Movieguide CEO and Founder Dr. Ted Baehr .
Awards
Annually , a panel of judges decides who should receive each award . In 2019 the panel included Dr. Ted Baehr ; Cindy Bond , producer of I Can Only Imagine ; Cale Boyter , a film producer ; DeVon Franklin , CEO of Franklin Entertainment ; Mike Medavoy , a film producer ; Robert Norton , Group CFO for Animal Logic One ; David Outten , a former disney artist ; Rich Peluso , Executive Vice President of AFFIRM films ; Pablo Perex De Rosso , Director in the content team of Netflix ; Cary Solomon and Chuck Konzelman , the writing and production team of God 's not Dead ; and , Simon Swart , a 25-year studio veteran .
The Epiphany Prize
The two Epiphany Prizes for Inspiring Movies & TV are specifically for entertaining movies and television programs that are wholesome , spiritually uplifting and inspirational .
Epiphany Prize for Inspiring Movies winners
The Faith and Freedom Award
The Faith & Freedom Award for Movies & TV is awarded to entertainment that promotes positive American values . The values considered include such values such as liberty , religious freedom , freedom of speech , the right to vote , property rights , proper compassion for others , protection of the innocent , the right to due process , the right to life , the right to pursue happiness , the rule of law , democracy , the free market , ownership of private property , and many other traditional values .
Best Movies for Families
Movieguide 's editorial staff views and analyzes every major movie released that makes over $ 1 million and compiles the Ten Best Movies for Families . Each nominee receives a “ Teddy ‘ The Good News ' Bear ” Family Friendly Awards for Excellence , and one is picked as the Best Movie for Families at the Annual Movieguide Awards .
Best Movies for Mature Audiences
The nominees for Best Movies for Mature Audiences are picked by the editorial staff of Movieguide , and awarded to movies made with excellence , and also contain strong moral and redemptive themes . These nominees receive the “ Papa Bear ” Award for Excellence , and may contain subject matter not appropriate for young children .
The Grace Award for Acting
The Grace Award for Most Inspiring Performances in Movies and Television are given to the best , most inspiring performances demonstrating God 's grace and love towards us as humans being .
The Kairos Prize
Established by Movieguide in 2005 , the purpose of the Kairos Prize for Beginning and Established Screenwriters is to further the influence of moral and spiritual values within the film and television industries . Seeking to promote a spiritually uplifting , redemptive worldview , the prize was founded to inspire first-time and beginning screenwriters to produce compelling , entertaining , spiritually uplifting scripts that result in a greater increase in either man 's love or understanding of God . Each year , at least $ 30,000 in prizes is given out to the winning screenwriters .
The 2017 film All Saints , from Sony Pictures , was the first Kairos Prize Finalist to be released nationwide by a major studio .
References
External links
Kairos Prize
What the ratings mean
American film awards
Awards established in 1993
1993 establishments in California
Cinema of Southern California
Culture of Hollywood , Los Angeles
American annual television specials
Annual events in Los Angeles County , California
Events in Los Angeles
American live television shows
1928 Great Barrier Reef expedition , also known as the Yonge Expedition or the Low Isles Expedition was a thirteen-month scientific program beginning in 1928 , which was promoted to study the Australian Great Barrier Reef .
Origins
The Great Barrier Reef Expedition was a scientific study suggested by Sir Matthew Nathan and Professor Henry Richards who led the Australian Great Barrier Reef Committee from its establishment in 1922 . With support from the British Barrier Reef Committee and the Association for the Advancement of Science in England , there was considerable interest in conducting zoological studies of Australia 's Great Barrier Reef , to investigate theories put forward by Charles Darwin and others . It was also planned to determine the economic importance of the reef 's marine life . This largely British expedition of scientists sought financial support from the Australian government , universities and the public to fund the expedition and study biological and geological life in a number of sections of the Reef .
Personnel
C. Maurice Yonge , a marine invertebrate researcher , was encouraged to join a proposed expedition to Australia 's Great Barrier Reef in 1927 . They were eventually appointed its leader . Twelve scientists including Yonge , their wife Dr Mattie Yonge who would act as medical officer , as well as Frederick Russell , a naturalist with the Marine Biological Association in Plymouth and their wife Gweneth , Dr Andrew Orr and Dr Sheina Marshall , naturalists at Millport Marine Laboratory , Dr Thomas Stephenson , lecturer in zoology at University of London and their wife Anne , Geoffrey Tandy a botanist with the Natural History Museum who would collect marine plants and animals joined the expedition .
Others included James Steers , lecturer in geomorphology who acted as the expedition 's surveyor . They were assisted by Michael Spender and E.C . Marchant . G.W . Otter and Aubrey Nicholls would be assistants , and Frank Moorhouse of the University of Queensland would provide local marine biology knowledge . They arrived at the two islands of Low Isles on 16 July 1928 and encamped there for thirteen months . Sidnie Manton and Elizabeth Fraser would join the expedition for four months and work with the shore party . The expedition was unique in its inclusion of female researchers .
The Australian Museum also sent five people to help with the research throughout the year – Tom Iredale , Gilbert Whitley , William Boardman , Arthur Livingstone and Frank McNeill . Indigenous workers were hired from the nearby Anglican mission at Yarrabah to work on Low Isles in support of the team . They included Andy and Grace Dabah who worked as handyman and cook and were later replaced by Claude and Minnie Connolly . The children of the Dabah and Connolly families also lived with their parents during the time they supported the expedition . Harry Mossman and Paul Sexton from Yarrabah were hired as crew on the research vessel Luana . The Luana was used to carry out scientific studies on and in the water as well as carry provisions to and from the mainland .
The expedition was divided into four parts . Researchers investigated ocean conditions , taking hydrographic measurements , recording meteorological and tidal data and monitored plankton . They observed the growth rate of the corals and the marine life around it . They collected specimens including plankton as well as conducting dredging and trawling around the reef . Trochus shell was collected and studied and at the time a trochus farming industry was proposed . Black-Lip pearl oysters , Beche De Mer and rock and mangrove oysters , as well as the fish populations of the surrounding areas were assessed for potential economic development . Other studies considered a sardine fishing industry for the region and the turtle industry of Heron Island , near Gladstone . Boring of the reef had been undertaken around Michaelmas Cay in 1926 to determine the age and thickness of the reef , which helped the geological research .
Outcomes of the expedition
The scientific discoveries of the expedition were well reported in the press during 1928–1929 . One of the first visitors to Low Isles during the Expedition was journalist Charles Barrett whose newspaper articles were later published as a book . The expedition itself published seven volumes of scientific material in addition to articles in scholarly journals . Maurice Yonge also published a book aimed at a general audience – A year on the Great Barrier Reef ( 1930 ) .
In part due to the extensive newspaper coverage , tourists sought out the islands following the expedition to collect shells and corals . This collecting for scientific and private collections was so extreme that the island was ‘ virtually swept clean ' .
Yonge and their team 's research pioneered studies into coral physiology and their research persists in being vital reference material to current study .
Subsequent expeditions
In 1968 a Belgian expedition to the reef was undertaken . In 1973 , a Royal Society and Universities of Queensland Expedition was undertaken to the northern part of the reef .
References
Great Barrier Reef
1928 in science
Scientific expeditions
Ronnie Glasgow OBE was a Scotland international rugby union player .
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
They played for Dunfermline , and Gordonians , as well as Jordanhill and Haddington .
Allan Massie stated :
`` It was their misfortune to play for unfashionable clubs : Jordanhill College , Gordonians and Dunfermline . I have no doubt that had they played for Hawick or Gala or one of the big city clubs they would have represented their country more often . ''
Provincial career
They were to represent two district sides . They played 21 times for North and Midlands and 6 times for Glasgow District .
International career
They were capped ten times between 1962 and 1965 for .
Allan Massie considers that :
`` Ron Glasgow was the most under-capped Scottish forward , winning only ten caps between 1962 and 1965 ... Glasgow 's performance at Cardiff [ in 1962 ] alone should have ensured them of a long reign at open-side wing-forward .
Glasgow 's try was the first Scottish one in Cardiff for 27 years .
Robin Lind ( Harry ? ! ) who played for Dunfermline and North and Midlands said `` never , ever did I think my team would lose when Ron Glasgow played for us . And very seldom we did . ''
Personal life
They were the father of Cammie Glasgow , who was also capped for Scotland .
They were PE teacher at Dollar Academy and head of the school cadet force . They were appointed OBE in the 1990 New Year Honours for their service with the Territorial Army/
References
Sources
Bath , Richard ( ed . ) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany ( Vision Sports Publishing Ltd , 2007 )
McLaren , Bill Talking of Rugby ( 1991 , Stanley Paul , London )
Massie , Allan A Portrait of Scottish Rugby ( Polygon , Edinburgh ; )
1930 births
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Dunfermline RFC players
Gordonians RFC players
North and Midlands players
Glasgow District ( rugby union ) players
Rugby union flankers
Haddington RFC players
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Clare Gallagher is an American ultrarunner and environmental advocate . They are a past winner of both the Leadville 100 and Western State 100 races .
Early life
Gallagher grew up in the suburbs of Denver , Colorado , where they and their family often spent weekends in the mountains . They attended Princeton University where they studied ocean health and was influenced by ethicist Peter Singer . At one point Gallagher planned to go to medical school . They graduated from Princeton in 2014 .
Running career
Gallagher ran at Princeton but lost interest in running . They spent a couple of years in Thailand after college on a teaching fellowship . While in Thailand they won an 80-kilometer race in October 2014 having never run more than 10k previously . After their fellowship ended Gallagher moved to Boulder , Colorado and became active in the local trail running community .
Advocacy work
Gallagher is an advocate for issues such as climate change and the environment . They are an ambassador for Winter Wildlands Alliance and is involved with Protect Our Winters ( POW ) . They won Western States in 2019 shortly after going on a two-week mountaineering expedition in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to advocate for the ANWR .
Gallagher won the Best of the Rockies—Advocate award from Elevation Outdoors Magazine in 2020 for their work as a Patagonia ambassador and POW athlete . The magazine noted that “ she is a constant voice for climate action , social justice , and public lands . ”
Since 2015 Gallagher is a member of Giving What We Can , a community of people who have pledged to give at least 10 % of their income to effective charities .
References
Living people
American female ultramarathon runners
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American women
Evaluation & the Health Professions are a peer-reviewed public health journal that covers all aspects of the evaluation of health care . The founding editors-in-chief were R. Barker Bausell and Carolyn F. Waltz ( University of Maryland , Baltimore ) , and the current one is Steve Sussman ( University of Southern California ) . The journal was established in 1978 and is published by Sage Publications .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus , and the Social Sciences Citation Index . According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2018 impact factor is 1.604 , ranking it 54 out of 82 journals in the category `` Health Policy & Services '' and 68 out of 98 journals in the category `` Health Care Sciences & Services '' .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Healthcare journals
Health cares quality
Health policy
Publications established in 1978
Carenum politum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by John O. Westwood in 1842 .
References
politum
Beetles described in 1842
The Edith J . Carrier Arboretum is an arboretum and botanical garden on the James Madison University campus , located in Harrisonburg , Virginia , United States in the Shenandoah Valley . Groundbreaking for the arboretum took place April , 1985 , under direction of Dr. Norlyn Bodkin , [ 1 ] who is credited the first scientific botanical discovery along the Eastern Seaboard of Virginia since the 1940s , Trillium : Shenandoah Wake Robin , presently found at the arboretum [ 2 ] . The only arboretum located on the campus of a Virginia state university . Exhibits include a developed trail system through of mature Oak-Hickory Forrest with two identified century specimens and a species on the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Threatened Species list protected at the arboretum : Betula uber , Round-Leaf Birch . [ 3 ]
Its gardens include :
Andrew Wood Memorial Garden ( 1994 ) - 92 species including Turk 's cap lily , Dutchman 's breeches , wild ginger , squirrel corn , native azaleas , laurels and rhododendrons .
April Walk Daffodil Garden ( 1988 ) - a variety of daffodils .
Ballard Memorial Planting ( 1991 ) - Ginkgo or maidenhair tree , azaleas , rhododendrons , white redbuds , Chinese dogwood and blackhaw tree , Viburnum prunifolium .
Wetlands Garden ( 1999 ) - Equisetum , horsetail , and bald cypress .
Drury Planting ( 1993 ) - forest pansy redbud , Chinese dogwood , Carolina silverbell , dolchica spirea , Japanese maple , Cherokee sunset dogwood , and dwarf barberry .
Fern Valley - on ravine slopes , ferns including New York fern , hay-scented fern , Christmas fern , ostrich fern , and marginal shield fern .
Glen Dale Azalea Experimental Planting ( 1996 ) - hybrid azaleas .
Heath Family Plantings - rhododendrons , azaleas , mountain laurel , and Leucothoe .
Herb Garden ( 1996 )
Larkin Smith Rock Garden ( 1991 ) - features 7 of 15-plus endemic species to the shale barren : yellow buckwheat , Virginia white-haired leather flower , ragwort , spike moss , and hairy lipped ferns , with `` near endemic '' prickly pear cactus and the shining sumac .
Mid-Atlantic Azalea Garden ( 1996 ) - azalea natives including pinxter flower , flame azalea , rose azalea , plumleaf azalea , and hybrid crosses .
McDonald Azalea and Rhododendron Garden ( 1995 ) - Azaleas and rhododendrons of many varieties .
Norlyn L. Bodkin Oak Hickory Forest ( 1998 ) An approximate 20 acre mast producing forest named to honor the arboretum founding director .
Sinclair Garden ( 1996 ) - a variety of shrubs and perennials , including Japanese barberry , kousa dogwood , leyland cypress , cherry laurel and rhododendrons .
Viette Perennial Garden ( 1992 ) - 18 varieties of daylilies and 8 varieties of Siberian iris , hostas , and Eupatoriums .
There is no conservatory on the grounds . The Frances Plecker Education Center is staffed and open Monday through Friday , generally from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m .
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
External links
The Edith Carrier Arboretum Website
James Madison University
Carrier Arboretum
Carrier Arboretum
James Madison University
Geography of Harrisonburg , Virginia
Tourist attractions in Harrisonburg , Virginia
Grof , Gróf may refer to :
People :
Andrew Grove ( )
Bela `` Bert '' Grof ( 1921-2011 ) , an Australian forage researcher of Hungarian origin
Gróf András István ( born 1936 ) , a Hungarian-American business person and scientist
Dávid Gróf ( born 1989 ) , a Hungarian association footballer
Jonas Grof ( born 1996 ) , a German basketball player
Ödön Gróf ( 1915 – 1997 ) , a Hungarian swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics
Paul Grof , a psychiatrist and member of the World Health Organization committee that evaluated ecstasy
Stanislav Grof ( born 1931 ) , a Czech psychiatrist
Other :
Grossflammenwerfer , a nickname for a German flamethrower of the First World War
See also
Groff ( disambiguation )
Graf ( disambiguation )
Graff ( disambiguation )
Robert Laing Noble ( February 3 , 1910 – December 11 , 1990 ) was a Canadian physician who was involved in the discovery of vinblastine .
Born in Toronto , Ontario , they received their M.D . from the University of Toronto in 1934 and a Ph.D. in 1937 from the University of London .
In the 1950s they helped with the discovery of vincristine and vinblastine , widely used anti-cancer drugs .
In 1997 , they were inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame . In 1988 , they were made an Officer of the Order of Canada . In 1984 , they were awarded the Gairdner Foundation International Award . They were a member of The Harvey Club of London , the oldest medical club in Canada .
The Robert L. Noble Prize is named in their honour .
References
1910 births
1990 deaths
Alumni of the University of London
Canadian medical researchers
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Officers of the Order of Canada
People from Toronto
University of Toronto alumni
20th-century Canadian physicians
The Berkshire Conference of Women Historians Book Prizes are awarded each year by the Berkshire Conference of Women Historians . Nominees must be women normally resident in North America who have published a book in the previous year . One prize recognizes an author 's first book that `` deals substantially with the history of women , gender , and/or sexuality '' , and the other prize recognizes `` a first book in any field of history that does not focus on the history of women , gender , and/or sexuality . ''
Winners
See also
List of history awards
References
External links
Winners of the Berkshire Conference of Women Historians Book Prize
Awards established in 1990
History awards
American non-fiction literary awards
Awards honoring women
Wildhern is a small village and civil parish in the Test Valley district of Hampshire , England . It is in the civil parish of Tangley . Its nearest town is Andover , which lies approximately 3.3 miles ( 5.3 km ) south from the village .
Villages in Hampshire
Test Valley
George Wickes ( baptised 7 July 1698 – 31 August 1761 ) was an English silversmith who in 1735 founded the company that was to become Garrard & Co .
Biography
George Wickes was born in Bury St. Edmunds , England on 7 July 1698 , the eighth of ten children born to James and Dorothy Burton Wickes . Their father was an upholder or upholsterer by trade . In December 1712 , Wickes was apprenticed for seven ( 7 ) years to Samuel Wastell , who worked in the Britannia standard of silver ( 958 parts per 1,000 ) set into place by Parliament on 25 March 1697 .
They registered their first marks in London in 1721–22 with an address of Threadneedle Street in the City of London . In 1730 , Wickes entered into a partnership with John Craig and moved to Norris Street . It was during this period that they began royal commissions and was appointed Goldsmith to Frederick , Prince of Wales , the then heir apparent to the British throne . By 1735 , they had become independent again and moved to King 's Arms , Panton Street . This was the beginning of successful business that would later become known as Garrard & Co .
Business records indicate that Wickes employed a number of individuals including Edward Wakelin . In 1750 , Wickes took their former apprentice , Samuel Netherton ( 1723-1803 ) as their partner . In 1760 , Wickes retired and their business was taken over by another apprentice , John Parker .
Legacy
The business that George Wickes had built up later became Garrard & Co . In 1952 , Garrard & Co was acquired by the Goldsmiths ' and Silversmiths ' Company of Regents Street . The Garrard & Co location on Albemarle held an auction sale for the fittings , furniture and books . The Albemarle location was only the company 's second location since 1735 , having moved from the original Panton Street location in 1911 . It was during this auction viewing that Norman Penzer , an expert of Paul Storr , stumbled across the Garrard & Co ledgers going all the back to George Wickes and the founding of the firm in 1735 . Penzer along with Arthur Grimwade , Reginald Eyles and John Hayward reacted quickly to save the volumes from being trashed . Although the acquiring firm eventually decided to keep the newer Victorian era ledgers with confidential royal accounts , the Wickes-Wakelin-Garrard ledgers were preserved for posterity . The volumes contained a wealth of information and contributed greatly to the study of 18th century English silver . As a result , Wickes was proven to be a leading royal goldsmith like Paul de Lamerie and Paul Storr .
References
English male sculptors
English silversmiths
English goldsmiths
Sculptors from London
1698 births
1761 deaths
Pleuranthodium platynema is a monocotyledonous plant species first described by Karl Moritz Schumann , and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith . Pleuranthodium platynema is part of the genus Pleuranthodium and the family Zingiberaceae .
The species ' range is Papua New Guinea . No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life .
References
platynema
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
The Armenian Wikipedia ( Ուիքիփետիա or Վիքիպեդիա Ազատ Հանրագիտարան , Vikipedia Azat Hanragitaran ) is the Armenian language version of Wikipedia .
It was created in February 2003 as Հայերեն Վիքիփեդիա , but started developing in 2005 . The name was changed to Հայերեն Վիքիպեդիա on 5 April 2012 . With all of its current content , it is listed in List of Wikipedias in the 100,000+ category .
Armenian Wikipedia launched later the option of reading all contents , if preferred , in traditional ( Mesrobian ) orthography , rather than the Reformed ( Abeghian ) orthography . Armenian Wikipedia also carried at times parallel articles in Western Armenian language spoken widely in the Armenian diaspora .
On 1 April 2019 however , a separate site was launched in Western Armenian under the name Հայերէն Ուիքիփետիա with a project of moving Western Armenian materials there and expanding content in the new Western Armenian Wikipedia space .
Statistics
On 2 December 2013 it had reached 200,000 articles .
It has articles . It also has registered contributors , including administrators .
Language
The Armenian language used is mainly the Eastern Armenian dialect . However , the Armenian Wikipedia is inclusive , and also contains articles of interest in the Western Armenian dialect , which is predominantly spoken in the Armenian Diaspora .
Some articles have separate Eastern and Western Armenian versions . In those cases , the articles ' secondary dialect is positioned at the top right corner of the article with the primary dialect . Articles in Western Armenian are also distinctly categorized at Category : Wikipedia Articles in Western Armenian .
Western Armenian Wikipedia
In January 2018 , an incubator area was launched in Western Armenian at incubator.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wp/hyw in preparation for a possible launch of a separate Wikipedia in Western Armenian .
In April 2019 , the Western Armenian Wikipedia was launched at hyw.wikipedia.org․ Because of different transliteration rules of Western Armenian , the new wiki was named Ուիքիփետիա instead of Վիքիպեդիա as in Eastern Armenian as used in the main Armenian Wikipedia .
History
Name change
The Armenian Wikipedia was originally named Վիքիփեդիա ( Vikʻipʻedia ) but in 2012 it was renamed Վիքիպեդիա ( Vikʻipedia ) . The letter պ ( pē ) replaced the letter փ ( pʻiwr ) to reflect the unaspirated pronunciation used in the Eastern Armenian dialect , the official form of the language as used in Armenia ; however , the revised spelling is not consistent with the Western Armenian transliteration . The discussion and decision to make the change were done in two phases , and the change was put in effect on 5 April 2012 .
`` One Armenian , One Article ''
On 24 March 2014 , both Wikimedia Armenia and the Human Factor ( ) launched a promotion called `` One Armenian , One Article '' ( ) . This mass-media campaign was promoted on several Armenian television stations . The plan aimed to increase both the quantity and quality of Armenian Wikipedia articles . In addition to expanding the Armenian language 's presence on Wikipedia , it would raise the level of each article to reflect the rich history of the Armenian people as well as their current , flourishing position in the contemporary world .
The project hoped to organize Wiki-meetings of representatives of science , art and other subjects with the aim of familiarizing them with the Wiki-culture and helping them in making their own contributions in the development of the Armenian Wikipedia . The campaign would be conducted with training and incentive programs , as well as joint activities with educational and cultural institutions and organizations .
The `` One Armenian , One Article '' campaign was shown on the Human Factor TV program that aired on 24 March 2014 on Armenia TV . The campaign was subsequently popularised by many other information agencies .
There was a news conference on the `` One Armenian , One Article '' All-Armenian project on 27 March 2014 . In July 2014 , BBC News reported that as a result of the campaign , the Armenian Wikipedia appeared to be outnumbering its neighboring countries with its more than 125,000 pages , compared to approximately 102,000 pages on the Azerbaijani Wikipedia and almost 84,000 pages on the Georgian Wikipedia . The campaign was supported by the Armenian government as well . Education Minister Armen Ashotyan publicly stated , `` One Armenian , One Article – I will definitely do that and believe you will too . '' Defense Minister Seyran Ohanyan said that they created a Wikipedia entry on the Armenian army .
Gallery
See also
List of Wikipedias
References
External links
Armenian Wikipedia ( in Armenian )
Western Armenian Wikipedia ( in Western Armenian )
Armenian-language encyclopedias
Science and technology in Armenia
Wikipedias by language
Internet properties established in 2003
Armenian-language websites
The Ground Force of Mongolia ( , Mongol Ulsyn Zevsegt hüchniy Huurai zamyn tsereg , ) is the land force of the Mongolian Armed Forces , formed from parts of the former Mongolian People 's Army in 1992 . It was known as the `` Mongolian General Purpose Force '' ( ) until 2016 .
History
At present Mongolia 's armed forces have become more compact and professional since obligatory military service was replaced with the alternative between military and other service . The ground force , a core of the armed forces , are the main force to defend the country by military means . In peacetime , the ground force direct their activities toward ensuring the mobilization readiness of the Mongolian Armed Forces , providing military training for the population , forming personnel resources , and organizing the maintenance , protection and servicing of military equipment and material reserves . Depending on the organizational specifics of military units and organizations , the ground force are divided into combat , on-combat-duty , training , training combat , and stockpile and service units .
As a result of reform processes started in 1997 , units of the Mongolian Armed Forces were reorganized into a brigade-battalion system . In peacetime , sub-units of brigades have a mixed personnel organization ( i.e . of constant combat readiness , training , and under strength ) . In 2016 , the General Purpose Force was renamed to its current name of Ground Force of the Armed Forces . In 1997 the Mongolian Armed Forces had in service 650 tanks , 120 light armored reconnaissance vehicles , 400 armored infantry fighting vehicles , 300 armored personnel carriers , 300 towed artillery , 130 multiple rocket launchers , 140 mortars , and 200 anti-tank guns . Mongolia deployed its troops to peacekeeping operations in Iraq and Afghanistan with 1970s Soviet-bloc weapons , transportation , and equipment . Although Mongolian troops are highly skilled with using these weapons and equipment , they are not interoperable with the rest of the coalition members . Except for the United States-provided Harris Corporation communications equipment , Mongolia had no other equipment which was interoperable . From January 14 to 18 in 2008 , Chief of the General Staff of the MAF Lieutenant General Tsevegsuren Togoo signed an agreement for acquisition of equipment and vehicles from Russia for 120 million US dollars during their official visit to Moscow .
Structure
Peacekeeping missions
Mongolian armed forces are performing peacekeeping missions in South Sudan , Sierra Leone , Ethiopia , Congo , Eritrea , Western Sahara , and Afghanistan , and with the United Nations Mission in Liberia . In 2005 and 2006 , Mongolian troops also served as part of the Belgian KFOR contingent in Kosovo . From 2009 the Mongolian Armed Forces deploying its largest peace keeping mission to Chad and the government is planning to deploy its first fully self-sufficient UN mission there in mid-2011 .
Equipment
Gallery
References
'' World aircraft information files Bright Star Publishing London File 332 Sheet 3
External links
General Staff of the Mongolian Armed Forces
Ministry of Defense
General Intelligence Agency
Photographic report on the Military Parade for the honor of National Flag of Mongolia , 2011
Military units and formations established in 1992
James Black ( March 6 , 1793 – June 21 , 1872 ) was a Jacksonian and Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .
James Black was born in Newport , Pennsylvania . They were a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1830 and 1831 .
Black was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-fourth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Jesse Miller . They served as associate judge of Perry County , Pennsylvania , in 1842 and 1843 .
They were again elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Congresses . After their time in congress , they served as State collector of tolls on the Juniata Canal . They died in New Bloomfield , Pennsylvania , in 1872 . Interment in New Bloomfield Cemetery .
References
The Political Graveyard
1793 births
1872 deaths
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Pennsylvania state court judges
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
People from Newport , Pennsylvania
Tatischevo may refer to :
Tatishchevo ( inhabited locality ) , several inhabited localities in Russia
Tatishchevo ( airbase ) , a military airbase in Saratov Oblast , Russia
The Primera Iglesia Metodista Unida de Ponce ( English : First United Methodist Church of Ponce . Officially , Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church ) was the first structure erected in Puerto Rico by the celebrated architect Antonin Nechodoma . Constructed in 1907 , the building houses a Methodist congregation and is located on Villa street in Ponce , Puerto Rico , in the city 's historic district . The structure was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on 29 October 1987 .
Background
Under the Spanish colonial government ( 1508 - 1898 ) religious worship in Puerto Rico was prohibited in other than Catholic churches . With the 1898 change in sovereignty from the Spaniards to the Americans , Protestant churches began to be built . Now ( 2019 ) known as Primera Iglesia Metodista La Resurrección , this church was built in 1907 on land that was previously owned by the Vendrell Toro family , a prominent family in Ponce . In 1962 the church served as the first site of the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico at Ponce , until more spacious quarters were established at the intersection of Calle Estrella and Calle Castillo . Today ( 2019 ) the church continuous to hold regular worship services . The building is open , free of charge , Tuesday to Friday mornings for the general public ; Saturday visits are possible if arrangements are made in advanced .
Physical appearance
The First United Methodist Church of Ponce is a magnificent example of early 20th-century eclecticism , integrating Neo-Gothic , Spanish Revival , Spanish Baroque , and byzantine elements . It is constructed entirely of rusticated , reinforced-concrete with gabled wood and corrugated sheet metal roofs . In volume , the church consists of a gabled single-nave , parallel to the street and subdivided into three sections . A large , central cross-gable creates the main facade at Calle Villa , facing north .
On Calle Villa , the cross-gable is articulated by a Spanish-baroque style rope pediment . Flanking this gabled , central transept are two square-plan towers , a shorter turret on the west and a taller bell-tower on the east , both resting upon the intersections of the main nave and cross-gable . The main gable is divided into three bays : a wide , central bay with a large , wide , four-centered gothic arch stained-glass window and two flanking bays with similar but smaller and narrower stained-glass windows . Above the central bay , a stained glass Spanish-renaissance oculus ( consisting of a square with semicircular projections at each of its four sides ) occupies the area within the pediment .
The east bell-tower consists of a two-story rusticated base and step-backs to an onion-shaped cupola above the belfry . At the ground level , an entry vestibule is created by an open , four-centered archway . At the second story , still within the tower 's rusticated base-section , a series of four narrow , stained-glass strip windows provide a distinct , modernist , element . The first segment of the step-backs of the tower contains two smaller strip windows , and the following , taller set-back houses the church-bell behind narrow arches , one on each of the four sides , supported by Corinthian columns . The onion-cupola caps the composition .
The smaller , west tower is completely rusticated and terminates in a rope pediment , at a level slightly lower than the base of the opposite tower . At the ground level there is a vestibule similar to that of the other tower and above , a circular opening with an oculus within . The main nave extends only one bay beyond the towers . These bays are identical to the smaller stained-glass bays of the main gable . A series of low buttresses supports all major walls , one at each extreme of . each wall . The side gables of the main nave repeat , exactly , the articulation of the facade of the main cross-gable .
A rusticated concrete and wrought-iron gate surrounds the property , articulated by square pillars at approximately 20 foot intervals , and spanned by an approximately 2 foot high rusticated concrete base and bar-like wrought-iron railings above .
Significance
The Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church of Ponce is a very good example of Antonin Nechodoma 's religious architecture . This Czech architect was one of the first non-Hispanic designers to work in Puerto Rico . A colleague of Frank Lloyd Wright under Louis Sullivan in Chicago , Nechodoma developed the Puerto Rican Bungalow style for residential housing , which spread rapidly throughout the Island during the 1920s and 1930s . Nechodoma was the architect of at least three Protestant churches and many magnificent prairie-style upper-class residences . Most of Nechodoma 's buildings have been demolished because of later developments . Most of their surviving structures are now considered landmarks .
Nechodoma designed their projects between 1907 and 1928 . As the original plans of the church are dated 1907 , historians believe that the Methodist Episcopal Church of Ponce was the first structure erected in Puerto Rico by the celebrated architect .
The materials used to construct the church are of importance in the history of construction in Puerto Rico . Reinforced concrete , the principal material , was seldom , if at all , used at this early date in Puerto Rico . Contemporary concrete buildings exhibited a lack of understanding of the then-new material , evidenced by extremely thick walls and excessive use of iron beams ( traditional means of construction were applied to modern materials ) . These characteristics are not found in the construction of this building . Nechodoma used the concrete in an elegant and even decorative fashion , demonstrating their knowledge of North-American construction techniques and their distance from the local building customs . The building looks as if it is made of stone and not concrete .
This church is also important in Puerto Rico 's religious history , as it was one of the first non-Roman Catholic churches built after the change of sovereignty in 1898 , when the United States established rule . Until then , the only non-Catholic church allowed by Spanish colonial authorities to practice in Puerto Rico had been the Anglican church , organized by British residents . The Methodist Church is an example of the freedom of worship instated after the United States occupation of the island . State Historian Felix Julian del Campo and State Architectural Historian Hector F. Santiago consider it the most prominent non-Catholic structure in the city of Ponce .
See also
El Aguila de Puerto Rico . 1 February 1909 .
Architects and Builders ' Magazine . 1909. p. 289 .
Eduardo Newman Gandía . Verdadera y Autentica Historia de la Ciudad de Ponce . Ponce , Puerto Rico . 1913 .
Directorio Comercial de Ponce . 1985 .
References
External links
Churches completed in 1907
20th-century Methodist church buildings
Methodist churches in Puerto Rico
Churches in Ponce , Puerto Rico
National Register of Historic Places in Ponce , Puerto Rico
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico
1987 in Puerto Rico
1907 establishments in Puerto Rico
Bucerdea Grânoasă ( ; ) is a commune located in Alba County , Transylvania , Romania . It has a population of 2,234 . It is composed of four villages : Bucerdea Grânoasă , Cornu ( Kornujalja ) , Pădure ( Székelyhegytanya ) and Pânca . These were part of Crăciunelu de Jos Commune until 2006 , when they were split off .
The commune is located in the southeastern corner of the Transylvanian Plateau , about north of the Târnava river and west of Blaj .
The Bucerdea Grânoasă train station serves Line 300 of the CFR network , which runs from Bucharest to Blaj to Teiuș and then towards the Hungarian border . A rail crash occurred here in the morning of October 7 , 1968 : due to a signalman 's error , a fast passenger train collided head-on with a local train ; 22 people were killed , and 72 seriously injured . This was Romania 's second railway accident in number of victims after the Ciurea rail disaster of 1917 .
References
Communes in Alba County
Localities in Transylvania
Riccardo Bonetto ( born 20 March 1979 in Asolo , Treviso ) is an Italian football of Bassano Virtus .
Career
They also played at Serie A level with Empoli and Livorno . Bonetto was sold to Empoli in co-ownership deal in 2001 from Juve , for €516,000 . In June 2003 Juventus gave up to remain registration rights to Empoli .
External links
Riccardo Bonetto – scheda calciatore
1979 births
Living people
People from Asolo
Italian footballers
Juventus F.C . players
Novara F.C . players
Fermana F.C . players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C . players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
Empoli F.C . players
S.S. Lazio players
Bologna F.C . 1909 players
Association football defenders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Italian expatriate footballers
K.S.K . Beveren players
Belgian First Division A players
S.S.D . Lucchese 1905 players
S.S. Arezzo players
Bassano Virtus 55 S.T . players
Association football utility players
Sportspeople from the Province of Treviso
Footballers from Veneto
Air Force Global Strike Command ( AFGSC ) is a Major Command ( MAJCOM ) of the United States Air Force , headquartered at Barksdale Air Force Base , Louisiana . AFGSC provides combat-ready forces to conduct strategic nuclear deterrence and global strike operations in support of combatant commanders . Air Force Global Strike Command is the Air Force 's service component to the United States Strategic Command ( USSTRATCOM ) .
Air Force Global Strike Command is the direct descendant unit of the Cold War–era Strategic Air Command ( SAC ) . It holds the lineage , history and honors of SAC .
History
See : Strategic Air Command for history prior to 2009
Following the 2007 United States Air Force nuclear weapons incident when six AGM-129 Air-Launched Cruise Missiles ( ALCM ) , each loaded with a W80-1 variable yield nuclear warhead , were mistakenly loaded onto a B-52H at Minot AFB and transported to Barksdale AFB , and the 2008 incident in which four MK-12 forward-section reentry vehicle assemblies were mistakenly shipped to Taiwan , former Secretary of Defense James R. Schlesinger led an investigation into the status of U.S. Air Force nuclear surety . Secretary Schlesinger 's recommendation was the creation of a single major command under which all Air Force nuclear assets should be placed for better accountability . On 24 October 2008 , the Secretary of the United States Air Force , Michael Donley , announced the creation of the Air Force Global Strike Command ( AFGSC ) as a new Air Force major command ( MAJCOM ) . The AFGSC is the only remaining Air Force component command reporting to the United States Strategic Command ( USSTRATCOM ) at Offutt .
The new command began operations in August 2009 , combining the nuclear-capable strategic bomber force previously operated by Air Combat Command ( ACC ) and the land-based intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) force previously operated by Air Force Space Command ( AFSPC ) . ACC and AFSPC had assumed said responsibilities following the 1992 inactivation of Strategic Air Command ( SAC ) .
The USAF currently has 20 B-2 Spirit , 57 B-52 Stratofortress bombers , and three missile wings of Minuteman III ICBMs that are designated as nuclear-capable . When needed for conventional missions , the B-2 , and B-52 bombers will be reassigned to regional commands . Although formerly assigned a nuclear mission , the Rockwell B-1 Lancer bomber force transitioned to a strictly conventional mission force . The B-1 was initially retained in Air Combat Command , although that decision was reversed in 2015 . The Rockwell B-1 Lancer bombers now are organized under the Air Force Global Strike Command .
In November 2008 , the USAF announced plans to start a fourth B-52 squadron at Minot Air Force Base to support Air Force Global Strike Command . The USAF added that , `` all the nuclear-capable bombers of what is now Eighth Air Force , and [ command of all ICBMs ] of what is now in Twentieth Air Force , will report to this single new command. '' . This action was accomplished on 3 September 2009 , when the 69th Bomb Squadron reactivated at Minot Air Force Base .
The command 's 55-member preliminary team , commanded by Major General James Kowalski , began operations at Bolling Air Force Base on 12 January 2009 . The team was charged with finding a location for the new headquarters , and for transitioning the assigned units into the new command .
In April 2009 , the preliminary team selected Barksdale Air Force Base as the headquarters for the new command . Donley stated that the factors which contributed to the selection of Barksdale over the other candidate bases were its connection to the 8th Air Force , a `` slightly larger [ air ] operations center '' , and the base 's hosting of the 11th Bomb Squadron , which trains B-52 aircrews and will be adding special emphasis on nuclear training .
On 16 April 2009 , United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates announced that Air Force Lieutenant General Frank G. Klotz was nominated to be the first commander of the Global Strike Command . Prior to their assignment to AFGSC , Lt Gen Klotz was the Assistant Vice Chief of Staff and Director of the Air Force Staff .
On 18 June , after an environmental assessment finding of `` No Significant Impact '' , Barksdale Air Force Base was announced as the permanent location for AFGSC . On 7 August 2009 , the command officially became active with Lt. Gen. Klotz assuming command of the organization . The headquarters staff includes 900 people , and reached full operational capability by 30 September 2010 .
The Twentieth Air Force , the service 's missile organization , came under the new command on 1 December 2009 , and the Eighth Air Force , the bomber component , came under the command on 1 February 2010 .
Role and operations
Air Force Global Strike Command was established for the improvement of the management of the USAF portion of the United States ' nuclear arsenal , which accounts for two-thirds of America 's nuclear deterrent . It assumed responsibility for the nuclear-capable assets of Air Force Space Command on 1 December 2009 and the nuclear-capable assets of Air Combat Command on 1 February 2010 .
The creation of Air Force Global Strike Command was outlined in the recommendations of the investigation following the 2007 United States Air Force nuclear weapons incident . The command was activated 7 August 2009 , at Barksdale Air Force Base , Louisiana .
The mission of Air Force Global Strike Command is to `` Develop and provide combat-ready forces for nuclear deterrence and global strike operations -- Safe -- Secure -- Effective to support the President of the United States and combatant commanders . '' The command has a worldwide area of responsibility ( AOR ) as a subordinate component command of United States Strategic Command .
AFGSC consists of over 31,000 personnel assigned to nine wings , two geographically-separated squadrons and one detachment in the continental United States and deployed to locations around the globe .
Changes to the AFGSC units began with the announcement of the 377th Air Base Wing 's realignment in December 2014 . In mid-April 2015 , Air Force Times reported that `` B-1 bombers from Ellsworth Air Force Base in South Dakota and Dyess Air Force Base in Texas [ will be ] joining their long-range B-2 and B-52 bomber counterparts under a single Air Force command as part of a leadership shift announced Monday . '' This means that two bomb wings formerly under Air Combat Command will shift into AFGSC . The units came under the command on 1 October 2015 . On 6 October 2016 , the 595th Command and Control Group was activated at Offutt Air Force Base , Nebraska to assume the responsibility for the Boeing E-4 NAOC mission .
Strategic bombers
Eighth Air Force is designated as U.S. Strategic Command 's Task Force 204 ( TF 204 ) , providing on-alert , combat-ready forces to the President of the United States . The mission of `` The Mighty Eighth '' is to safeguard America 's interests through strategic deterrence and global combat power . Eighth Air Force controls long-range nuclear-capable bomber assets throughout the United States and overseas locations . Its flexible , conventional and nuclear deterrence mission provides the capability to deploy forces and engage enemy threats from home station or forward positioned , anywhere , any time . The 8th Air Force motto is `` Deterrence through strength , global strike on demand . '' Offensive aircraft assets include the Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit , Boeing B-52 Stratofortress , and Boeing B-1B Lancer .
The Missouri Air National Guard 's 131st Bomb Wing is an associate unit of the 509th Bomb Wing at Whiteman AFB , flying the B-2A Spirit . If federalized , it is gained by Eighth Air Force . The Air Force Reserve Command 's 307th Bomb Wing is an associate unit of the 2nd Bomb Wing at Barksdale AFB , flying the B-52H Stratofortress . In addition , it 's geographically separated 489th Bomb Group is an associate unit of the 7th Bomb Wing at Dyess AFB , flying the B-1B Lancer . If activated , it is gained by Eighth Air Force .
Intercontinental ballistic missiles
Twentieth Air Force is responsible for maintaining and operating the Air Force 's intercontinental ballistic missile force . Designated as USSTRATCOM 's Task Force 214 ( TF 214 ) , 20th Air Force provides on-alert , combat-ready ICBMs to the President of the United States . The ICBMs are on 24-hour/365-day alert and are ready to launch on any given day .
AFGSC 's Twentieth Air Force is the Air Force 's lead command for and largest operator of UH-1N Huey helicopters . The UH-1N supports ICBM operations in missile fields controlled by F.E . Warren , Malmstrom and Minot Air Force Bases . In 2015 , the 582d Helicopter Group was activated to supervise the three UH-1 squadrons . The Huey will be replaced by the Grey Wolf .
Component units
Air Force Global Strike Command comprises the following wings and major units .
Headquarters Air Force Global Strike Command ( Barksdale AFB , Louisiana )
Eighth Air Force
Headquarters Eighth Air Force ( Barksdale AFB )
2nd Bomb Wing ( Barksdale AFB ) – B-52H Stratofortress
11th Bomb Squadron
20th Bomb Squadron
96th Bomb Squadron
5th Bomb Wing ( Minot AFB , North Dakota ) – B-52H Stratofortress
23rd Bomb Squadron
69th Bomb Squadron
7th Bomb Wing ( Dyess AFB , Texas ) – B-1B Lancer
9th Bomb Squadron
28th Bomb Squadron
28th Bomb Wing ( Ellsworth AFB , South Dakota ) – B-1B Lancer
34th Bomb Squadron
37th Bomb Squadron
509th Bomb Wing ( Whiteman AFB , Missouri ) – B-2A Spirit
13th Bomb Squadron
393rd Bomb Squadron
595th Command and Control Group ( Offut AFB , Nebraska )
1st Airborne Command Control Squadron – E-4B Advanced Airborne Command Post
595th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron
595th Strategic Communications Squadron
625th Strategic Operations Squadron
608th Air Operations Center ( Barksdale AFB )
Twentieth Air Force
Headquarters Twentieth Air Force ( Francis E. Warren AFB , Wyoming )
90th Missile Wing ( Francis E. Warren AFB ) – LGM-30G Minuteman-III
319th Missile Squadron
320th Missile Squadron
321st Missile Squadron
91st Missile Wing ( Minot AFB ) – LGM-30G Minuteman-III
740th Missile Squadron
741st Missile Squadron
742nd Missile Squadron
341st Missile Wing ( Malmstrom AFB , Montana ) – LGM-30G Minuteman-III
10th Missile Squadron
12th Missile Squadron
490th Missile Squadron
377th Air Base Wing ( Kirtland AFB , New Mexico )
576th Flight Test Squadron ( Vandenberg SFB , California )
582nd Helicopter Group ( Francis E. Warren AFB ) – UH-1N Iroquois
620th Ground Combat Training Squadron ( Camp Guernsey , Wyoming )
Air reserve
Air Force Global Strike Command has operational `` gaining command '' responsibility for several Air Reserve Component ( ARC ) units , comprising personnel and aircraft from Air Force Reserve Command ( AFRC ) and the Air National Guard ( ANG ) .
Air Force Reserve Command
307th Bomb Wing ( Barksdale AFB )
307th Operations Group ( Barksdale AFB )
93d Bomb Squadron – B-52H Stratofortress
343d Bomb Squadron – B-52H Stratofortress
489th Bomb Group ( Dyess AFB )
345th Bomb Squadron – B-1B Lancer
Missouri Air National Guard
131st Bomb Wing ( Whiteman AFB )
131st Operations Group ( Whiteman AFB )
110th Bomb Squadron – B-2A Spirit
Other units
Air Operations Group ( Otis ANGB , Massachusetts )
USAF Nuclear Command , Control and Communications Center ( Barksdale AFB )
List of commanders
Lineage
Established as Continental Air Forces on 13 December 1944
Activated on 15 December 1944
Redesignated : Strategic Air Command on 21 March 1946
Inactivated on 1 June 1992
Redesignated as Air Force Global Strike Command , and activated , on 7 August 2009
Assignments
United States Army Air Forces , 15 December 1944
United States Air Force , 26 September 1947 – 1 June 1992
United States Air Force , 7 August 2009–present .
Stations
Washington , District of Columbia , 15 December 1944
Bolling Air Force Base , District of Columbia , by 1946
Andrews Air Force Base , Maryland , 21 October 1946
Offutt Air Force Base , Nebraska , 9 November 1948 – 1 June 1992
Barksdale Air Force Base , Louisiana , 7 August 2009–present
Aircraft and missiles
Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit ( 2009–present )
Boeing B-52H Stratofortress ( 2009–present )
Bell UH-1N Twin Huey ( 2009–present )
LGM-30G Minuteman III ( 2009–present )
B-1B Lancer ( 2015–present )
Boeing E-4B ( 2016–present )
Boeing MH-139A Grey Wolf ( 2019–present )
See also
Nuclear triad
List of states with nuclear weapons
Comparable organizations
United States Fleet Forces Command ( U.S. Navy )
References
External links
Official Website
Air Force Global Strike Command ( unclassified briefing ) , Lt Gen James M. Kowalski , 7 May 2013
`` Air Force Global Strike Command activated '' – GlobalSecurity.org
Major commands of the United States Air Force
Bombardment units and formations of the United States Air Force
Military units and formations established in 2009
United States nuclear command and control
2009 establishments in the United States
Strategic forces
The São Tomé prinia ( Prinia molleri ) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae . It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe and is found in the island of São Tomé . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland . The species was named by José Vicente Barbosa du Bocage in 1887 .
References
São Tomé prinia
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
Endemic fauna of São Tomé Island
São Tomé prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Acleris cameroonana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It was described by Józef Razowski in 2012 and is endemic to Cameroon .
The wingspan is about . The ground colour of the forewings is cream forming a large basal blotch suffused brown along the costa . The remaining part of wing is greyish brown , but darker towards the basal area . The hindwings are cream , brownish from the middle and darkening on the periphery .
Etymology
The species name refers to the type locality .
References
External links
Endemic fauna of Cameroon
Moths described in 2012
cameroonana
Insects of Cameroon
Moths of Africa
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Briegleb BG-6 was a 1930s single-seat glider designed by William G. Briegleb to be both factory and homebuilt .
Development
The BG-6 is a high-wing single-seat glider with a steel-tube-and-fabric fuselage , wooden wings with fabric covering and a metal-and-fabric tail . The type certificate was approved on 14 September 1940 .
Nine gliders were built by Briegleb 's company , the Sailplane Corporation of America , and 67 kits were sold to homebuilders . Three factory-built gliders were impressed into service with the United States Army Air Forces in 1942 .
Variants
BG-6
Company designation for both factory and homebuilt aircraft .
XTG-9
United States Army Air Corps designation for three factory built BG-6s which were impressed as training gliders in 1942 .
Aircraft on Display
National Soaring Museum - In Storage
Operators
United States Army Air Corps
Specifications ( BG-6 )
See also
Briegleb El Mirage Airfield
References
Notes
Bibliography
Sailplane Directory
1930s United States sailplanes
Glider aircraft
BG-6
Homebuilt aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1939
Home Sweet Home is a 1945 British musical comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley written by Roney Parsons and Anthony Toner and starring Frank Randle , Nicolette Roeg ( sister of director Nicolas Roeg ) and Tony Pendrell . Set in the fictitious town of Redvale , the film is largely a vehicle for slapstick routines by Randle .
Plot
Spirited orphan Jacqueline Chantry ( Nicolette Roeg ) is the chauffeuse to wealthy colonel Wright ( H.F. Maltby ) and their family . Son Eric Wright ( Tony Pendrell ) and Jacqueline fall in love and plan to marry , but the class conscious colonel 's wife ( Hilda Bayley ) refuses to give them blessing . Saddened , Jacqueline packs their bags and leaves ; eventually becoming a nightclub singer . Eric chases after her , but she 's already found Frank ( Frank Randle ) , a likeable chap who discovers that Jacqueline is in reality a wealthy heiress .
Cast
Nicolette Roeg as Jacqueline Chantry
Frank Randle as Frank
Tony Pendrell as Eric Wright
H. F. Maltby as Colonel Wright
Hilda Bayley as Mrs. Wright
Cecil Fredericks as Webster
Stan Little as Young Herbert
Bunty Meadows as Bunty
Gerhard Kempinski as Pagoli
George Merritt as Dr . Handy
Howard Douglas as Martin , the butler
Iris Vandeleur as Mrs. Jones
Esma Lewis as Mrs. Luck
Vincent Holman as The Parson
Lily Lapidus as Welfare Worker
Ben Williams as Reporter
Max Melford as Policeman
Critical reception
Sky Movies gave it two out of five stars , concluding the film was `` Only mild entertainment even when it was made and rather dated now '' ; while the Radio Times also rated the film two out of five stars , writing , `` ( Randle 's ) slack-jawed clowning provides the only real interest in this backstage Cinderella story ... The songs are best forgotten , but there 's a chance to see some of the most popular stage acts of the day '' . The reviewer for TV Guide wrote : `` It passes the time , but it 's not especially memorable . ''
References
Bibliography
Gillett , Phillip . The British working class in postwar film . Manchester University Press , 2003 .
External links
1945 films
British musical comedy films
1945 musical comedy films
Films directed by John E. Blakeley
Butcher 's Film Service films
British black-and-white films
Films scored by Percival Mackey
Films shot in Greater Manchester
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
is a Norwegian lake that lies in Tjeldsund in the county of Troms og Finnmark , just north of the border with the county of Nordland .
See also
List of lakes in Norway
Geography of Norway
References
Tjeldsund
Reservoirs in Norway
Lakes of Troms og Finnmark
The Battle of Civetot in 1096 brought an end to the People 's Crusade , which was a poorly-armed movement of lower-class pilgrims of the First Crusade distinct from the subsequent and much more well-known Princes ' Crusade .
Background
After the disastrous defeat for the Crusaders in the siege of Xerigordos , two Turkish spies spread a rumor that the German element of the People 's Crusade , which had taken Xerigordon , had also taken Nicaea . This had the effect of causing excitement among the main camp of Crusaders to share in the looting of the city as soon as possible . The Turks were waiting on the road to Nicaea . Peter the Hermit , the nominal leader of the crusade , had gone back to Constantinople to arrange for supplies and was due back soon , and most of the leaders argued to wait for them to return ( which they never did ) . However , Geoffrey Burel , who had taken command , argued that it would be cowardly to wait , and they should move against the Turks right away . Their will prevailed and , on the morning of October 21 , the entire army of over 20,000 marched out toward Nicaea , leaving women , children , the old and the sick behind at the camp .
Battle and aftermath
Three miles from the camp , where the road entered a narrow , wooded valley near the village of Dracon , the Turkish army of Kilij Arslan I was waiting . When approaching the valley , the Crusaders marched noisily and were immediately subjected to a hail of arrows . Panic set in immediately and within minutes , the army was in full rout back to the camp . Most of the Crusaders were slaughtered ( upwards of 60,000 by some accounts ) ; however , women , children , and those who surrendered were spared . One of the leaders of the crusade , the knight Walter Sans Avoir , was killed in the thick of the action . Three thousand , including Geoffrey Burel , were able to obtain refuge in an abandoned castle . Eventually , the Byzantines under Constantine Katakalon sailed over and raised the siege ; these few thousand returned to Constantinople , the only survivors of the People 's Crusade .
References
Civetot
Civetot
1096 in Asia
1090s in the Byzantine Empire
Civetot
Qaleh-ye Faramarzi ( ) ( also Romanized as Qal ‘ eh-ye Farāmarzī , Qal ‘ eh-ye Farāmarz , Qal ‘ eh Farāmuz , and Qal ‘ eh-ye Farāmarz ) is a village in Malard Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 2,812 , in 766 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
The Burgess House is a building in Colorado Springs , Colorado which was built in 1888 by Charles H. Burgess , and is one of the few remaining buildings from the first wave of Colorado Springs development . The house is a Pattern house and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 . The building is of Queen Anne style .
Building
The house was constructed in 1888 in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in El Paso County , Colorado
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Houses in El Paso County , Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Colorado Springs , Colorado
Houses completed in 1888
1888 establishments in Colorado
Kit houses
United States v. Fuentes , 105 F.3d 487 ( 9th Cir . 1997 ) , was a 1997 case in which the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ruled that `` Mere refusal to consent to a stop or search does not give rise to reasonable suspicion or probable cause . '' The case involved a Terry stop at an airport of a suspected drug smuggler , and their subsequent flight attempt from Drug Enforcement Administration agents that , along with other suspicious factors , did give the officers probable cause to arrest him .
References
External links
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit cases
United States Fourth Amendment case law
1997 in United States case law
Blake Anthony Foster ( born May 29 , 1985 ) is an American actor and martial artist .
History
Foster was the Huggies baby at the age of 16 months in 1986 . In 1995 , they were one of the stars in the movie Above Suspicion starring Christopher Reeve , Joe Mantegna and Kim Cattrall . They are perhaps best known for their role as Justin Stewart , the child who assumed the mantle of the Blue Turbo Ranger in the fifth season of Fox Kids ' Power Rangers Turbo , making their debut for the show in the film Turbo : A Power Rangers Movie . Foster reprised the role in an episode of Power Rangers In Space .
In the same time , they were starred in two successful movies Casper Meets Wendy ( 1998 ) and Rusty : A Dog 's Tale ( 1998 ) .
In 2017 , they starred in the short film The Order , along with Power Rangers allumni Austin St. John , Catherine Sutherland , David Yost , Johnny Yong Bosch , Paul Schrier , Karan Ashley , Steve Cardenas , Erin Cahill , Walter Emanuel Jones , Nakia Burrise , Hilary Shepard Turner , Dan Southworth , Alyson Sullivan , Deborah Estelle Phillips and Azim Rizk .
Filmography
Film
Street Knight ( 1993 ) .... ( uncredited )
Above Suspicion ( 1995 ) .... Damon Cain
Turbo : A Power Rangers Movie ( 1997 ) .... Justin Stewart ( Blue Turbo Ranger )
Casper Meets Wendy ( 1998 ) .... Josh Jackson
Rusty : A Dog 's Tale ( 1998 ) .... Jory
Kids World ( 2001 ) .... Ryan Mitchell
Drifter TKD ( 2008 ) .... Jesse Tyler
A Life Untitled ( 2015 ) .... Jimmy 's Boss ( V.O . )
The Order ( 2017 ) .... Mason
TV
Beverly Hills , 90210
Episode : `` Midlife ... Now What ? '' ( 1993 ) .... Kevin
Family Album ( 1994 ) .... Young Lionel ( uncredited )
Boy Meets World
Episode : `` The Pink Flamingo Kid '' ( 1996 ) .... Danny
Power Rangers Turbo ( 1997 , 45 episodes ) .... Justin Stewart ( Blue Turbo Ranger ) / Robot Justin
Power Rangers In Space ( 1998 , Episode : `` True Blue to the Rescue '' ) .... Justin Stewart ( Blue Turbo Ranger )
Power Rangers : The Lost Episode ( 1999 ) ... Justin Stewart ( special episode/archival footage )
Walker , Texas Ranger
Episode : `` The Children of Halloween '' ( 1998 ) .... Joey Williams
Two of a Kind
Episode : `` Carrie Moves In '' ( 1999 ) .... Carter
The Brady Bunch in the White House ( 2002 , TV Movie ) .... Peter Brady
Skater Boys ( 2006 ) .... Mike
Episode : `` Sundown ''
Episode : `` Sex and Candy ''
What 's Stevie Thinking ? ( 2007 , TV Pilot ) .... Mark Lanalampi
Voice
Turbo : A Power Rangers Movie ( 1997 ) .... Justin Stewart ( When Morphed )
Power Rangers Turbo ( 1997 ) .... Justin Stewart ( When Morphed ) / Blue Shadow Ranger
Power Rangers In Space ( 1998 ) .... Justin Stewart ( When Morphed )
Awards
References
External links
1985 births
Male actors from California
American male child actors
American male film actors
American tang soo do practitioners
American male television actors
Living people
Green Country , sometimes referred to as Northeast Oklahoma , is the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of Oklahoma , which lies west of the northern half of Arkansas , the southwestern corner the way of Missouri , and south of Kansas .
Alternate definitions
While the name 's usage can be traced to the early part of the 20th century , it was popularized in the 1960s by the Oklahoma Department of Tourism and Recreation as one of six travel destination regions within the state . Said tourism designation is an 18-county region including Pawnee , Osage , Washington , Nowata , Craig , Ottawa , Delaware , Mayes , Rogers , Creek , Tulsa , Wagoner , Cherokee , Adair , Sequoyah , Muskogee , Okmulgee , and McIntosh counties . Another alternate usage of the term can include solely the immediate vicinity of Green Country 's principal city , Tulsa ; the Tulsa Metropolitan Area or the city of Tulsa proper is often referred to as `` Green Country '' in its own right . In this case , the terms `` Tulsa Metropolitan Area '' and `` Green Country '' are used interchangeably . Average precipitation totals in Green Country are generally above 40 inches per year . The area is also one of the most populous regions of Oklahoma , and is home to some of its largest cities .
Geography
Northeastern Oklahoma has the state 's second largest city , Tulsa . In addition to the area 's foliage and rolling hills , it has more lakes than any other geographical area of Oklahoma , as well as more than half of the state 's registered state parks . Oklahoma is one of only four states with more than 10 ecoregions , but six of its 11 ecoregions are located in northeastern Oklahoma .
The heavily wooded Ozark Mountains and their foothills dominate most northeast Oklahoma from the immediate Tulsa vicinity south and eastward towards the Arkansas state line , containing both evergreen pine and deciduous forests . In its western counties , the far eastern extent of the Great Plains transition to woodlands through the Cross Timbers region .
This area includes most of Oklahoma 's portion of the Flint Hills , some of which is the protected by the Tallgrass Prairie Preserve near Pawhuska , one of the last remnants of tallgrass prairie in the United States . Prairie terrain is most apparent in a strip of Green Country 's northern section , which borders Kansas , running roughly from Bartlesville to Miami , where the landscape is a mix of true prairie and forest . A small portion of the Ouachita Mountains extend into the southern areas of northeast Oklahoma , though the Ozark highlands are the primary range in the area .
Northeast Oklahoma has a land area of , comprising 18 entire counties . The region comprises about 19.3 percent of Oklahoma 's land area , and is larger than the state of Maryland .
Political geography
Based on commuting patterns , the adjacent micropolitan area of Bartlesville , is grouped together in the ( CSA ) . The population of this wider region is 998,438—more than one-fourth of Oklahoma 's population—as of 2012 .
The 2010 census population of Green Country was 1,301,716 inhabitants , about 30 percent of whom were concentrated in the city of Tulsa .
Counties of the Green Country region ( per Oklahoma Department of Tourism and Recreation )
Adair County
Craig County
Creek County
Cherokee County
Delaware County
Mayes County
McIntosh County
Muskogee County
Nowata County
Okmulgee County
Osage County
Ottawa County
Pawnee County
Rogers County
Sequoyah County
Tulsa County
Wagoner County
Washington County
It includes the Deep Fork National Wildlife Refuge , Ozark Plateau National Wildlife Refuge , Arkansas River , Canadian River , Grand River , Illinois River , and Verdigris River .
Infrastructure
The Tulsa International Airport is the primary commercial flight operation in Green Country . Also in the area , the Tulsa Port of Catoosa and Port of Muskogee are Oklahoma 's only seaports , connecting the state directly with international trade routes . From either of these two ports , goods may be transported via the Arkansas River 's connection to the Mississippi River .
The area 's highway system is dominated by turnpikes . Toll roads account for the primary highways in and out of the city of Tulsa in almost every direction . The Will Rogers Turnpike serves the city to the northeast , the Turner Turnpike to the southwest , the Cimarron Turnpike to the west , The Muskogee Turnpike to the southeast , and the Cherokee Turnpike to the east .
Interstate 44 is the primary thoroughfare , and runs diagonally through Green Country , exiting on the southwest and northeast corners . All portions of the road through northeastern Oklahoma exists as a toll road , except for in the city of Tulsa . Interstate 40 straddles the southernmost border of Green Country , while other highways include the north-south Highway 75 ( not a turnpike ) , The Muskogee Turnpike , the north-south Highway 69 , Highway 169 , and the east-west Highway 412 . In addition , Historic U.S. Route 66 runs ( with breaks ) between the Kansas line and Stroud , the southwesternmost town in the region .
Cities and towns
Tulsa
Owasso
Broken Arrow
Bartlesville
Jenks
Bixby
Skiatook
Claremore
Cleveland
Okmulgee
Muskogee
Miami
Tahlequah
Vinita
Pryor
Oologah
Sapulpa
Sand Springs
Stilwell
Nowata
Pawhuska
Wagoner
See also
Tulsa Metropolitan Area
Eastern Oklahoma
Chowtaw Country , a/k/a Kiamichi Country
References
External links
Green Country Marketing Association
Green Country North Eastern Oklahoma Business and Events Showcase - Features 48,000 Businesses and Hundreds of Local Events
Oklahoma Digital Maps : Digital Collections of Oklahoma and Indian Territory
Official tourism regions in Oklahoma
Regions of the Southern United States
Regions of Oklahoma
Ozarks
Ouachita Mountains
Dallasaurus ( `` Dallas lizard '' ) is a basal mosasauroid from the Upper Cretaceous of North America . Along with Russellosaurus , Dallasaurus is one of the two oldest mosasauroid taxa currently known from North America . It is also the smallest known mosasaurine , measuring up to in length and in body mass .
Specimens
The genus is based upon two partial skeletons recovered from the Arcadia Park Shale ( lower Middle Turonian ) , approximately 15 meters above its contact with the older Kamp Ranch Limestone in Dallas County in north-central Texas .
The holotype specimen ( TMM 43209-1 , Texas Memorial Museum , University of Texas at Austin ) consists of an incomplete and disarticulated skull , along with considerable portions of the postcranial skeleton , making up about 80 percent of the animal . The second referred specimen ( DMNH 8121-8125 , 8143-8149 , and 8161-8180 , Dallas Museum of Natural History ) lacks any skull material and consists entirely of disarticulated postcranial remains . The strata containing these fossils were temporarily exposed during excavations for a housing development , and both sites have now been reburied by construction . The two specimens were discovered about 100 meters from one another ; the first was found by an amateur collector , Van Turner , for whom the type species ( Dallasaurus turneri ) was named . The genus is named for Dallas County , where both specimens were found .
Anatomy
Polcyn and Bell diagnose Dallasaurus as follows : `` Small , plesiopedal mosasauroid possessing the following autapomorphies : posterior maxillary teeth strongly recurved posteriorly , slightly inflated at the crown and bearing only posterior carinae that is slightly offset laterally ; atlas neural arch mediolaterally compressed but not flattened at its base , condylar surfaces irregularly figure-eight shaped ; cervical vertebra synapophyses protrude below the level of the ventral edge of the centrum ; short , wide fossa excavated immediately below the ventral rim of the cotyle of at least one middle cervical vertebra ; hypapophysis anteroventral edge terminating in short projections of irregular length ; postglenoid process capped by bony epiphysis bearing a calcified cartilage apex . ''
Bell and Polcyn use the term `` plesiopedal '' to indicate a `` conservative ecologically adaptive grade '' characterized by `` small size , slightly modified swimming tail and [ a ] relatively plesiomorphic limb condition '' compared to more derived mosasauroids . Polcyn and Bell note that plesiopedal mosasauroids tend to be relatively small lizards possessing limbs in which the `` propodial elements [ equals humerus , radius , and ulna ] remain elongated , generally constituting one-half or more of the full length of the osseus limb '' , as compared to more derived `` hydropedal '' mosasaurs in which the propodial elements are stout and have been substantially shortened , constituting less than one-half of the full length of the ossueus limb . While hydropedal mosasaurs were probably entirely aquatic , plesiopedal mosasauroids were still capable of terrestrial locomotion and so likely lived an amphibious lifestyle .
Classification
Bell and Polcyn have conducted a cladistic analysis of Dallasaurus , concluding that this taxon should be placed within the subfamily Mosasaurinae , `` well within [ the family ] Mosasauridae '' , and that , despite its small size and the `` primitive '' condition of its limbs , it should not be placed within the paraphyletic family Aigialosauridae . Dallasaurus is the sister group to more derived mosasaurine mosasaurs such as Clidastes , Prognathodon , Mosasaurus , and Plotosaurus .
In the popular press , Dallasaurus has been hailed as a `` missing link '' uniting fully aquatic mosasaurs with their terrestrial ancestors .
References
Sources
G. L. Bell , Jr. ; Polcyn , M. J . ( 2005 ) . `` Dallasaurus turneri , a new primitive mosasauroid from the Middle Turonian of Texas and comments on the phylogeny of the Mosasauridae ( Squamata ) . '' Netherlands Journal of Geoscience ( Geologie en Mijnbouw ) 84 ( 3 ) pp . 177–194 .
Mosasaurines
Transitional fossils
Mosasaurs of North America
Fossil taxa described in 2005
Andrés Alejandro Díaz ( born March 21 , 1983 ) is an Argentine football midfielder .
Career
Díaz made their debut for Rosario Central in 2003 . In July 2007 they signed with Benfica in a 6 million euro transfer that also involved their teammate Ángel Di María . Benfica would receive 50 % future transfer fees of the player and other parties receive another 50 % .
In 2008 , they returned to Argentina , joining Banfield on an 18 months loan deal for the Clausura 2008 tournament On February 20 , 2009 Barcelona Guayaquil have signed the Argentine midfielder on loan from Portuguese club S.L . Benfica . Diaz was previously on loan at Argentine club Banfield .
In February 2011 they moved to Deportes Concepción of Chile
References
External links
Argentine Primera statistics
1983 births
Living people
Footballers from Rosario , Santa Fe
Argentine footballers
Rosario Central footballers
S.L . Benfica footballers
Club Atlético Banfield footballers
Barcelona S.C. footballers
Deportes Concepción ( Chile ) footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Primeira Liga players
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Ecuador
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Association football midfielders
Dieter `` Jogi '' Lieberwirth ( born 13 January 1954 ) is a German football coach and a former player . In the 2005–06 season , they were caretaker manager of 1 . FC Nürnberg for one game .
Honours
DFB-Pokal finalist : 1981–82
References
1954 births
Living people
German footballers
Bundesliga players
2 . Bundesliga players
1 . FC Nürnberg players
German football managers
1 . FC Nürnberg managers
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Fürth
Footballers from Bavaria
Howard Newman is an American painter , sculptor , art restorer , and inventor .
Biography
Howard Newman was born in Elizabeth , NJ , in 1943 . They received a BA from Miami University of Ohio , where they studied architecture , Cultural Anthropology , Sociology and Classical Literature . After graduating from Miami University , Newman and their wife Mary entered Peace Corps training in a Special Forces training camp in Arecibo , Puerto Rico , where the two learned fluent Spanish and Survival Training . In 1967 , Newman was accepted to the Rhode Island School of Design ( RISD ) . In 1969 they received a BFA in Industrial Design and an MFA in Sculpture with a concentration in Silversmithing under the mentorship of master metalsmith John Prip .
Newman was awarded a Fulbright Scholarship to Italy in 1961 ; they and their wife Mary resided in Impruneta , south of Florence . There , Newman began making bronze sculptures . In 1973 and 1974 , Newman and their wife gave birth to their children , Joshua A.C. Newman and Rachel Newman-Greene .
Newman and their wife returned to Italy for another year between 1985 and 1986 and lived in Pietrasanta , north of Pisa , where they worked in La Fonderia Mariani , creating a series of bronzes , including two now on the grounds of the Newport Art Museum .
As of 2016 , Newman continues to work at their private studio located in Newport , Rhode Island .
Restoration
Currently , Newman and their staff restore a wide range of art objects made of mixed materials , including silver , gold , bronze , tin , iron and zinc . Newman spent a decade working on projects for the Preservation Society of Newport County . They exhibited some of those restorations at the Century Association in New York City in the year 2000 . Newmans ' company is responsible for the restoration of Brown University 's John Hay Library collection of marble busts .
Restoration of `` The Trinity ''
In 2008 , Newman and their company undertook the restoration of The Trinity Crucifix , the centerpiece of The Church of St. Gregory the Great on the campus of Portsmouth Abbey . The Trinity was crafted by American sculptor Richard Lippold in the 1960s , consisting of a 22,000-foot web of gold-plated brass wire . The wires radiate from the hands of the cross above the head , suspending the crucifix ten feet above the altar . The artisans from Newmans Ltd. carefully untangled the deteriorating wire , and restrung the five miles of wire into the original configuration , along with the restored crucifix .
The restoration project received a 2009 Rhody Award for Historic Preservation by the Rhode Island Historical Preservation & Heritage Commission and 2009 Honor Award for Historic Preservation from the American Institute of Architects of Rhode Island .
Inventions
In 2011 , in partnership with Len Katzman , Howard Newman started Sigma Surfacing LLC , an intellectual properties venture . They presently hold several patents pending .
Fine art
Restorations
Inventions
Awards
Marshall Scholarship
Fulbright Scholarship , 1961
Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation Fellowship , 1978
American Academy of Arts and Letters Award , 1980
American Academy in Rome Rome Prize , 1980
AIA Connecticut Design Award Preservation Honor , 2013
References
External links
ncarchitects.com
sigmasurfacing.com
finemetalrestoration.com
YouTube
Artists from Rhode Island
Contemporary sculptors
Conservator-restorers
Rhode Island School of Design alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Jimmy Sierra ( born 19 July 1949 ) is a Colombian sprinter . They competed in the men 's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
1949 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Colombian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Colombia
Competitors at the 1970 Central American and Caribbean Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1971 Pan American Games
Central American and Caribbean Games silver medalists for Colombia
Sportspeople from Cali
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Pan American Games competitors for Colombia
The Nisha Sharma dowry case was an anti-dowry lawsuit in India that represented how IPC 498A law can be misused . It began in 2003 when Nisha Sharma accused their prospective groom , Munish Dalal , of demanding dowry . The case got much coverage from Indian and international media . Nisha was portrayed as a youth icon and a role model for other women . The case ended in 2012 , after the court acquitted all accused . The court found that Nisha had fabricated the dowry charges to wriggle out of the wedding .
Background
In 2003 , Nisha Sharma was a 21-year old software engineering student . Munish Dalal was a 25-year-old engineer who worked as a lecturer of computer science in a local college . In order to arrange a suitable matrimonial alliance for Nisha , their parents , Dev Dutt and Hemlata , placed a matrimonial advertisement in a newspaper . This is a very common practice in India . Munish 's widowed mother , Vidya Devi Dalal , was among those who responded to the advertisement and contact was established between the families in this way . After meeting each other a few times and exchanging information , the families decided that Munish and Nisha were compatible and agreed that they be married . The couple was duly engaged and the wedding was scheduled to be held on 11 March 2003 in Noida , where the bride 's family lived .
Dev Dutt Sharma was the owner of a car battery manufacturing plant in Noida , and the family was affluent . They had purchased wedding gifts for their daughter that were typical of their society : a refrigerator , a washing machine , a microwave oven and a television set . They made the usual arrangements for the wedding , both sides invited their friends and relatives , and the wedding day dawned . However , the wedding was not destined to be held .
Bride 's version
According to Nisha and their parents , what happened was as follows . They claim that when the groom 's procession reached the venue and was being welcomed , Dalal 's mother demanded ( about ) more in cash and a Maruti Esteem car from the bride 's father . Dev Dutt Sharma expressed their inability to meet these demands , whereupon the Dalal family began verbal abuse . When the Sharma family reacted , a scuffle broke out and Mr. Sharma was slapped by Mrs. Dalal and was spat upon by Mr. Dalal 's sister . Upon hearing of this , Nisha called the police .
Groom 's version
The groom 's family has an entirely different version . There was absolutely no dispute or talk regarding dowry . In Indian weddings , the groom mounts a white horse and goes in a ceremonial procession to the wedding venue . The horse is mounted only a short distance from the wedding venue , for obvious practical reasons , and the procession travels only a few hundred yards . When the Dalal family arrived at the place where the horse was to be mounted , there was nobody from the bride 's family to welcome them . After waiting for some time , the Dalals sent a relative to the wedding venue to find out the reason for the delay . The relative found that there was some commotion at the wedding venue , but they were told that everything is OK and that they should return to the groom and wait for a few minutes . As they were returning , they were followed and overtaken by an agitated man who then accompanied him . There , the agitated man introduced themselves as Navneet Rai and made a shocking disclosure . They informed the Dalal family that they were the husband of Nisha Sharma , and that they had been in love with each other for a long time . Just as they had finished talking , Nisha 's father and a few other relatives arrived at the scene . The groom was one who called police when Sharma 's father assaulted the groom 's mother . They claimed that the wedding was disrupted by Navneet Rai , not by them . Rai had allegedly arrived at the venue with some of their friends and told the groom 's mother that Nisha was already married to him . Following this , Sharma 's father had allegedly assaulted the groom 's mother with a sandal and bit them Sharma 's father denied the allegation saying that they had a video recording to prove their statements .
The procession was sent back . The groom and several members of their family were arrested from their residence in Vikaspuri the next day and police began searching for other absconding relatives . The groom 's mother , Vidya Dalal , was arrested on 15 May .
Soon thereafter , Navneet Rai , a classmate of Sharma , came forward claiming to be in a relationship with them for 5 years and having married them secretly . Nisha 's father said that Rai was simply maligning their name . They said that Nisha was initially interested in marrying Rai , but they had opposed the marriage as Rai was unemployed and was seeking to live off their money . They also said that after rejection Rai has misbehaved with Nisha and Nisha had written a complaint to the college which resulted in the expulsion of Rai .
Media attention and reactions
Following the arrest , the story got much attention from Indian and international media . The news appeared on the front-page of several newspapers . Sharma also received several marriage proposals from across the nation . Them house was visited by several media persons seeking their interview . They were also visited by women rights activists , neighbours and other well-wishers to congratulate them A political party invited them to contest in the local election . In an interview with Ehtashamuddin Khan of Rediff , Nisha said they had no intention of joining politics , and that they wanted to continue their studies and wished to have an arranged marriage .
James Brooke , writing for The New York Times , detailed how dowry is being disguised as gifts as dowry is illegal in India . The story was also covered by Christiane Amanpour for 60 Minutes which contained an overview of the dowry system in India , the anti-dowry laws , bride burning and female foeticide . Smriti Kak writing for The Tribune criticised the father and the bride for agreeing to the dowry initially and stopping the wedding only when the demands got too high . The incident was also captured in an Amul Butter Girl cartoon .
Brinda Karat , a left-wing politician and activist , said that the parents had sent the wrong signal by agreeing to too many gifts initially . Ranjana Kumari , a women 's rights activist , said that they do not attend weddings because dowry is given in almost all of them , and that dowry is a cause of female foeticide in India as parents see a girl child as an economic burden . Jyotsna Chatterji , another women right 's activist , said that this one protest had given courage to other women to come forward . None of these media , activists or politicians provided any statements after the accused in the case were acquitted .
Nisha Sharma 's marriage
On 19 November 2003 , Nisha married Ashwini Sharma , a computer engineer , in a small ceremony in Noida with only 75 guests . The marriage was set up by a common family friend and the engagement took place in September 2003 . Them father only gifted them a gold necklace as the bridal gift . The marriage was scheduled to be held in the evening of 19 November . But , it was held on 3:00 am on 19 November to avoid legal hassles . Munish Dalal and Navneet Rai had approached the court to delay the marriage .
Appearance on The Oprah Winfrey Show
In January 2004 , Nisha , their husband and their brother were invited by Oprah Winfrey to their talkshow . Oprah told their audience that they were lucky to be born in the United States , and covered the dowry issue by calling it `` right out of the Dark Ages '' .
Mention in school textbook
In 2004 , when the case was still under trial , the incident was included the English textbook for Class 6 , by the State Council of Educational Research and Training of the New Delhi region , in the form of a chapter titled Man in Jail over Dowry Demand . It was adopted from a newspaper article from May 2003 . Munish Dalal sent a defamation notice to the State Council of Educational Research and Training .
Later , Vidya Dalal , the groom 's mother and a retired school teacher , said the book was being taught them in their former school and it had ruined their reputation . The family 's lawyer , Roopesh Kumar Sharma , said that they were suing the Delhi government and education department . The cartoon in the book showed Munish being arrested from the marriage venue , when they were actually arrested from their home . The lawyer also said that Vidya Dalal was being denied their pension and retirement benefits .
Trial and verdict
A case was filed in the Sector 24 police station of the Noida , against Dalal , their mother Vidya Dalal and their aunt Savitri Sharma . While awaiting trial in mid-May 2003 , Munish Dalal was assaulted by other inmates in Dasna jail , who called them a greedy groom . Dalal suffered some injuries as a result . Dalal 's lawyer filed an appeal with the National Human Rights Commission of India . Dalal had counter-sued accusing Nisha of adultery and bigamy .
On 29 February 2012 , a district court in Gautam Budh Nagar district acquitted Dalal and their family due to lack of evidence supporting the charges . The court also acquitted Navneet Rai , who had been accused of forging the marriage documents by Nisha . The court held the documents circulated by Navneet Rai could not be proven to be forged by the prosecution .
Aftermath of the verdict
In various interviews after the verdict , Munish Dalal said that Nisha 's father had been aware of their marriage to Navneet Rai , but they still published an ad in a newspaper . Nisha had married Rai on 14 February 2003 secretly in a temple . On 11 May 2003 , when the groom 's procession arrived at the venue , they were turned away . While they were returning , they found a complaint had been filed against them . They also said he , their 68-year-old widowed mother and their 75-year-old aunt had to travel to court , which was 75 km away , about 320 times during the course of the trial . Nisha 's family attended only 10 times . Their mother , a school teacher due for retirement on 31 May 2003 , lost their job and was denied their retirement benefits . They also said that they married in 2008 and took no dowry . During the course of the trial , Dalal had become involved with the Save Indian Family Foundation . Giving the cause for the lawsuit Dalal said , `` She did n't want to marry me but was scared of their parents . By accusing me falsely , they were trying to get out of the marriage without incurring their anger . ''
Dowry accusation against Nisha Sharma
In January 2013 , a complaint was filed in Samalkha , Haryana by Manisha Sharma against their husband Gyaneshwar Sharma and sister-in-law Nisha Sharma . Manisha had married Gyaneshwar Sharma on 31 October 2013 and had a child from the marriage . Manisha 's father , Vijay Sharma , claimed that Gyaneshwar 's family had demanded ₹ 12,00,000 and had beaten Manisha for that .
See also
Dowry law in India
Trial by media
Suhaib Ilyasi , an Indian television personality who was accused of killing their wife for dowry
References
Controversies in India
2003 in India
The Magnolia Commercial Historic District encompasses the historic heart of Magnolia , the county seat of Columbia County , Arkansas . It includes the courthouse square and most of the buildings which face it , as well as buildings along Calhoun and Jackson Streets . The centerpiece of the district is the square itself and the Columbia County Courthouse , a Renaissance Revival structure built in 1905 to a design by W. S. Hull . The square is lined with mostly brick-faced buildings built between about 1899 and 1910 , and between 1938 and 1958 , when the city experienced a second building boom . The oldest known surviving building , then as now housing a pharmacy , is located at 111 S. Court Square . One prominent building from the second building phase is the Cameo Theater Building ( 111 N. Jackson ) , an Art Deco design built in 1948 .
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County , Arkansas
References
Art Deco architecture in Arkansas
Buildings designated early commercial in the National Register of Historic Places
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County , Arkansas
Magnolia , Arkansas
The women 's individual archery event at the 1976 Summer Olympics was part of the archery programme . The event consisted of a double FITA round . For each round , the archer shot 36 arrows at each of four distances—70 , 60 , 50 , and 30 metres . The highest score for each arrow was 10 points , giving a possible maximum of 2880 points . 16 nations sent 27 athletes to the women 's competition in archery .
Luann Ryon of the United States broke both of their countrywoman Doreen Wilber 's Olympic records in the event ( FITA round and double FITA round ) on their way to the second straight gold medal for an American in the women 's competition . The Soviet women repeated their bronze medal from 1972 and gained a silver medal as well .
Records
The following new Olympic records were set during this competition .
Results
References
External links
Official Olympic Report
W
1976 in women 's archery
Women 's events at the 1976 Summer Olympics
The sacral spinal nerve 1 ( S1 ) is a spinal nerve of the sacral segment .
It originates from the spinal column from below the 1st body of the sacrum
Muscles
S1 supplies many muscles , either directly or through nerves originating from S1 . They are not innervated with S1 as single origin , but partly by S1 and partly by other spinal nerves . The muscles are :
gluteus maximus muscle
gluteus medius muscle
gluteus minimus muscle
tensor fasciae latae
piriformis
obturator internus muscle
inferior gemellus
superior gemellus
quadratus femoris
semitendinosus
gastrocnemius
flexor hallucis longus
abductor digiti minimi
quadratus plantae
Additional Images
References
Spinal nerves
Mister Bahamas is a pageant that was established in 2012 . The first man sashed Mister Bahamas was Pedro Mejias . The competition was produced by a committee of leading men in society known as the Mister Bahamas Organization .
Mister United Continents
Mister Bahamas traditionally sends its winner to the Mister United Continents pageant . On occasion , when the winner does not qualify ( due to age ) for either contest , a runner-up is sent .
Pageants
The Mister Bahamas competition selects a Bahamian male top model each year to compete in Manhunt International , Mister United Continents and Mister International , the longest running international competition for male models , organised to promote new faces in the fashion industry . Contestants are judged on catwalk and runway skills ; photogenic ability ; physical attributes ; and personality .
Titleholders
Mister Bahamas at International pageants
Mister International
Mister Bahamas traditionally sends its winner to the Mister International pageant . On occasion , when the winner does not qualify ( due to age ) for either contest , a runner-up is sent .
Mister World
Bahamas participates at the Mister World since 2000 . Between 2000 and 2010 the Mister World Bahamas were selected by casting . Since 2013 Mister Bahamas carries Mister World franchise then responses to select the Mister World Bahamas winner .
Mister United Continents
Bahamas delegates were selected by Mister Bahamas Organization for the first time in 2015 . Since 2012 Mister Bahamas Organization recently organizes Mister Bahamas contest , one of two winners represents Bahamas at the Mister United Continents pageant .
Manhunt International
Between 1997 and 1998 Manhunt Bahamas delegates were not selected by Mister Bahamas Organization . Since 2012 Mister Bahamas Organization recently organizes Mister Bahamas contest , one of two winners represents Bahamas at the Manhunt International pageant .
See also
Miss Bahamas
References
External links
Mister Bahamas Organization
Beauty pageants in the Bahamas
Recurring events established in 2012
Bahamian awards
Kayış is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Burdur District
James Angulo Zamora ( born January 20 , 1974 ) is a former Colombian football player .
Club statistics
External links
odn.ne.jp
1974 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Colombia under-20 international footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Categoría Primera A player
Peruvian Primera División players
J2 League players
América de Cali footballers
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
Deportes Quindío footballers
Shonan Bellmare players
Club Alianza Lima footballers
Juan Aurich footballers
Sport Boys footballers
Expatriate footballers in Peru
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Ecuador
Association football forwards
Ipolyvece is a village in Nógrád county , Hungary .
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Eagleville is an unincorporated community in Yuba County , California . Eagleville is north-northeast of Strawberry Valley . The community is in a rural area near the intersection of Yuba , Butte , and Plumas County lines . There is no post office . Elevation above mean sea level was listed as . As of 2013 , 73,340 people lived in the area .
History
Eagleville was settled about 1851 and named for the nearby Eagle Mine .
Government
In the California State Legislature , Yuba County 's Eagleville is in , and in .
In the United States House of Representatives , it is in .
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Populated places established in 1851
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County , California
1851 establishments in California
The 1982 Wightman Cup was the 54th edition of the annual women 's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain . It was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London in England in the United Kingdom .
References
1982
1982 in tennis
1982 in women 's tennis
1982 in American tennis
1982 in British sport
1982 sports events in London
1982 in English tennis
1982 in English women 's sport
Robert W. Ghrist ( born 1969 ) is an American mathematician , known for their work on topological methods in applied mathematics .
Life and Work
Ghrist received in 1991 their bachelor 's degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Toledo and in 1994 their master 's degree and in 1995 their PhD from Cornell University under Philip Holmes with thesis The link of periodic orbits of a flow . From 1996 to 1998 they were R. H. Bing Instructor at the University of Texas and from 1998 an assistant professor and then from 2002 an associate professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology . In 2002 they became an associate professor and in 2004 a professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . From 2007 they were at the Information Trust Institute . In 2008 , they were appointed Andrea Mitchell Penn Integrating Knowledge University Professor in Mathematics and Electrical/Systems Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania .
Ghrist was a visiting scientist in 1995 at the Institute for Advanced Study and in 2000 at the Isaac Newton Institute in Cambridge . They work on the application of topological methods to dynamical systems , robots , hydrodynamics , and information systems , such as sensor networks .
Honors and Awards
In 2002 Ghrist received a Presidential Early Career Award . In 2013 they received the Chauvenet Prize for Barcodes : The Persistent Topology of Data and in 2014 the Gauss Lectureship of the German Mathematical Society .
Selected works
See also
Topological data analysis
References
External links
Homepage
Applied topology and Dante : an interview with Robert Ghrist ; The Endeavour , John D. Cook
Ghrist 's publications listed on the DBLP Bibliography Server
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
University of Toledo alumni
Cornell University alumni
University of Illinois faculty
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Mathematicians at the University of Pennsylvania
1969 births
Living people
University of Texas at Austin faculty
Georgia Tech faculty
Recipients of the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers
In 2012 Åtvidabergs FF will compete in Allsvenskan and Svenska Cupen .
2012 season squad
Statistics prior to season start only
Transfers
In
Out
Appearances and goals
As of 17 July 2012
| }
Matches
Pre-season/friendlies
Allsvenskan
Competitions
Allsvenskan
Standings
Results summary
Results by round
Season statistics
Superettan
= Number of bookings
= Number of sending offs after a second yellow card
= Number of sending offs by a direct red card
Svenska cupen
References
Footnotes
References
External links
Åtvidabergs FF homepage
SvFF homepage
Åtvidabergs FF seasons
Atvidaberg
Danger Force is an American comedy television series developed by Christopher J. Nowak that premiered on Nickelodeon on March 28 , 2020 . The series is a spinoff of Henry Danger and includes returning stars Cooper Barnes and Michael D. Cohen . Starring alongside them are Havan Flores , Terrence Little Gardenhigh , Dana Heath , and Luca Luhan .
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 ( 2020–21 )
Season 2 ( 2021–22 )
Shorts
Notes
References
Lists of American children 's television series episodes
Lists of American comedy television series episodes
Lists of Nickelodeon television series episodes
Henoch may refer to :
Henoch ( journal ) , on the history of Judaism
Henoch–Schönlein purpura , a vascular disease
Henoch Leibowitz ( 1918–2008 ) , Lithuanian-American rabbi
Chanoch Henoch Bornsztain ( died 1965 ) , Polish rabbi
Eduard Heinrich Henoch ( 1820–1910 ) , German physician
Lilli Henoch ( 1899–1942 ) , German world record holder in the discus , shot put , and relay
Maxim Litvinov ( 1876–1951 ) , born Meir Henoch Mojszewicz Wallach-Finkelstein , Russian revolutionary and diplomat
Henoch ( fictional character ) , one of three incorporeal beings in the Star Trek episode `` Return to Tomorrow ''
See also
Enoch ( disambiguation )
Hanoch ( disambiguation )
An election for Limerick City Council was held in 1920 as part of the wider 1920 Irish local elections .
The election saw Sinn Féin winning control of the council , with 26 of the councils 40 seats .
Aggregate results
The result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the council after the elections :
References
1920 Irish local elections
1920
Harrah 's Cherokee Casino Resort is a casino and hotel on the Qualla Boundary in Cherokee , North Carolina . It is owned by the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians ( EBCI ) and operated by Caesars Entertainment . It is located on the site of the former Frontier Land theme park .
History
Proposed in 1994 , soon after a compact between the State of North Carolina and the EBCI to establish a casino with Class III gaming , Harrah 's Cherokee Casino was opened on November 13 , 1997 . Owned by the EBCI and managed by Harrah 's Entertainment , the casino offered 24-hour video poker and gaming machines that was legal for those 18 years-of-age and older . The casino was a proven success from day one and has greatly improved living standards on the Qualla Boundary , including a new school , a hospital , public housing , and upgrades to public safety services such as police , fire , and EMS . Also , part of the casino 's revenue is distributed directly to all members of the EBCI , in a form of basic income . In 2001 , an amendment to the compact was made that raised the legal gambling age from 18 to 21 .
In 2002 , the first renovation was completed , which included an expansion of of additional gaming space , of convention space and a 252-room hotel . In 2005 , the second renovation was completed , which included an additional 15-story tower with approximately 320 rooms .
In 2009 , alcohol sales at the tribe casino was approved by voters , with the first sales starting September ; however legal issues with the state delayed sales on the gaming floor until December . In 2020 , the EBCI passed the brunch bill , which allowed for alcohol sales to start at 10 a.m. , instead of Noon , on Sunday .
On August 21 , 2012 , Harrah 's Cherokee began offering live table games thanks to an amendment of the compact between the state of North Carolina and the EBCI . Harrah 's officials related that around 500 new jobs were created thanks to the addition of live table games .
The third renovation , from 2009-2013 at a cost of $ 650 million , added a 21-story third tower with approximately 532 rooms and five suites , while also nearly doubling the gaming space to more than . A 3,000-seat events center , opened in 2010 , provides an area for trade shows , poker tournaments , and concerts . A full-service spa , open in 2012 , and several new shops and restaurants were added , including Ruth 's Chris Steak House , Paula Deen 's Kitchen and a 600-seat buffet . Designed by Cuningham Group Architecture Inc. , with Turner Construction Company as lead general builders of the project . In Summer 2013 , Paula Deen 's Kitchen was closed , and later rebranded , after Caesars Entertainment Corporation cut ties with Paula Deen due to a controversy regarding Deen 's admission of using a racial slur in a social media post .
In 2020 , because of the COVID-19 pandemic , Harrah 's Cherokee was closed on March 18 as a precautionary measure ; on May 18 it was reopened at limited capacity . On August 11 , 2021 , all visitors and staff were required to show proof of vaccination or a negative result from a COVID-19 test taken within 72 hours ; .
The fourth renovation , from 2018-2021 at a cost of $ 250 million , added a 19-story fourth tower with approximately 725 rooms and seven suites , a convention center with ballroom , a new two-story , open-air lobby , a new terrace pool and fitness center , and new dining options including Wicked Weed Brewpub and Guy Fieri 's Cherokee Kitchen + Bar . Also added were two new gaming areas in the casino , including the 34-table World Series of Poker Room and a new sports betting area , called the Book , which features of television screens . In December 2021 , celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay announced the opening of the first Gordon Ramsay Food Market , which will have full-service dining from breakfast to late-night , in early 2022 . Also in the same month , the EBCI passed a bill making Harrah 's Cherokee a mostly non-smoking venue .
Frontier Land
Prior to Harrah 's Cherokee , the land it now sits on use to be that of a former wild west-themed amusement park called Frontier Land , from 1964–1982 . The park was created by R.B . Coburn , who also built Ghost Town in the Sky in Maggie Valley , and designed by Russell Pearson , a former Disney designer who also developed Frontier City in Oklahoma City , Silver Dollar City in Branson , and Ghost Town in the Sky . The park featured a wood-burning steam train and a gondola that would take visitors to the main three sections of the park : Indian Territory , Fort Cherokee ( a replica of a frontier stockade ) , and Deadwood Gulch ( an 1860s hardscrabble western town ) . By the mid-1980s , because of low attendance , the park was renovated and rebranded as a water amusement park called Water World ( with unmistakable western touches ) . In 1986 , the park was closed for the last time and abandoned until redevelopment in mid-1990s .
Features and design
Hotel
Harrah 's Cherokee has four hotel towers ( Creek Tower , Soco Tower , Mountain Tower and the Cherokee ) with a total of 1,833 rooms , making Harrah 's Cherokee the largest hotel in North Carolina .
Casino
Since the tribe 's compact with North Carolina restricts the types of gaming permitted , most of the games offered have significant differences with those found in other casinos . The compact with North Carolina requires games to have an element of skill . For most of the video slot machines , this means that after an initial spin of the reels , the player is allowed to lock selected reels in place and spin again , holding reels with valuable symbols in hopes of matching them up with winning symbols on the second spin . ( This differs from `` regular '' slot machines , in which the reels usually spin only once after credits are played , although video poker everywhere allows players to hold cards before the second spin . )
The casino now has converted many of their slot machines to `` Cherokee Raffle Reels , '' which require the player to insert their Total Rewards slot card into the machine before playing . This raffle entry is considered to be the second chance to win required by law , and has allowed the casino to phase out many of the `` lock-and-roll '' style machines for traditional video and reel slot machines .
The tribe reached an agreement with the state on November 25 , 2011 , to allow live cards at Harrah 's Cherokee . The casino began introducing live table games in 2012 . As of summer 2014 , there are over 100 table games . No-limit hold'em tournaments are run daily , including larger buy-in deep stack tourneys on the weekends . The casino also regularly hosts World Series of Poker circuit events in the Events Center which feature a variety of tournaments and concurrent cash games .
Amenities
The Harrah 's Cherokee complex includes a conference center , a 3,000-seat events center , a Sports book , a workout room , a lobby cafe , and a food court with restaurants .
See also
Gambling in North Carolina
Caesars Southern Indiana
Harrah 's Cherokee Valley River
References
External links
Native American casinos
Buildings and structures in Swain County , North Carolina
EBCI Holdings
Casinos in North Carolina
Tourist attractions in Swain County , North Carolina
Casino hotels
Hotels in North Carolina
Harrah 's Entertainment
1997 establishments in North Carolina
Hotels established in 1997
Native American history of North Carolina
Foro Lindbergh ( ) is a plaza in Mexico City 's Parque México , in Mexico .
References
External links
Plazas in Mexico City
Condesa
Admiral Sir John Walter Tarleton , ( 8 November 1811 – 25 September 1880 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Second Naval Lord .
Naval career
Born the son of Thomas Tarleton of Bolesworth Castle and grandnephew of Sir Banastre Tarleton , Tarleton joined the Royal Navy in 1824 . They played a key role in resolving a crisis in Burma in 1851 when the master of a British ship was illegally detained in Rangoon .
They were given command of the fifth-rate HMS Fox in 1852 , of the frigate HMS Eurydice in 1855 and of the frigate HMS Euryalus in 1858 : they led the latter ship as an element of the Channel Squadron and then of the Mediterranean Squadron . At this time Prince Alfred served as a cadet under him . Tarleton served as Junior Naval Lord from 1871 and then as Second Naval Lord from 1872 to 1874 . They were promoted to Vice Admiral in 1875 and retired in 1879 .
They died at their home in Warwick Square in London .
Family
In 1861 they married Finetta Esther Dinsdale ; they went on to have one son and two daughters .
See also
References
|-
1811 births
1880 deaths
Royal Navy admirals
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Lords of the Admiralty
Barry John Rowlings ( born 21 August 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club and the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) . They are one of few players to have played in League premierships at two clubs .
Playing career
Recruited from Moe , Rowlings played in Hawthorn 's 1975 Grand Final defeat to , kicking the first goal of the game . They were one of Hawthorn 's best players in the emotional 1976 premiership triumph .
In 1978 Rowlings suffered a serious knee injury which prevented them from being part of Hawthorn 's 1978 triumph , and was cleared to Richmond . In their first season at Tigerland won the Jack Dyer Medal , which is awarded to Richmond 's best and fairest player for the season .
After Playing Career
Since 1996 Rowlings has been involved with the football program at Caulfield Grammar School and Caulfield Grammarians Football Club , and holds a football ambassador and development coaching role for all year levels .
Rowlings has been partly responsible for the football development of many current AFL players , such as Brent Hartigan , Jason Winderlich , Chris Judd , Tristan Cartledge , Matthew Richardson , and Tom Roach .
Further reading
Hogan P : The Tigers of Old , Richmond FC , Melbourne 1996
See also
List of Caulfield Grammar School people
References
External links
Living people
Hawthorn Football Club players
Hawthorn Football Club Premiership players
Richmond Football Club players
Richmond Football Club Premiership players
Jack Dyer Medal winners
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
Moe Football Club players
1950 births
Victorian State of Origin players
Two-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Qasemabad ( , also Romanized as Qāsemābād and Qāsimābād ) is a village in Asgariyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 818 , in 170 families .
References
Populated places in Pishva County
is a railway station on the Keihan Ōtō Line located in Sakyō-ku , Kyoto , Japan .
The station was named after Marutamachi Street as it is located where the railway beneath Kawabata Street crosses Marutamachi Street , and Heian Shrine ( Heian Jingū ) along Marutamachi Street . This is the second station along Marutamachi Street named Marutamachi ; Marutamachi Station is on the Karasuma Line subway .
Trains served
Local , sub-express and express trains of the Ōtō Line , most of which continue to the Keihan Main Line , stop at the station while rapid express trains and limited express trains pass .
Layout
The station in a double track section has one underground island platform with two tracks . Stairs , escalators and elevators connect the platform on the second basement to the first basement concourse and then to the ground level .
History
The station opened on October 5 , 1989 , when the Ōtō Line started operation .
The station was renamed from on October 19 , 2008 , the date of opening of the Nakanoshima Line .
References
Railway stations in Kyoto
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1989
The Princely Academy of Iași was an institution of higher learning , active in the 18th and 19th centuries .
History
Founded in Iași ( capital of the Principality of Moldavia ) by the Prince Antioh Cantemir in 1707 , the Academy symbolically continued the Academia Vasiliană , although no direct link exists between the two similar institutions . The main reformer of the Academy was Grigore III Ghica ( 1776 ) , who modernised it as to compete with the European universities . The studies were done in Greek language , and for the better part of the 18th century they were basically Aristotelian . Beginning with the 1760s a series of enlightened directors introduced into the Academy the study of mathematics , natural sciences and modern philosophy , translating and adapting European handbooks .
In 1813–1819 , Gheorghe Asachi lectured for the first time in Romanian language at the Academy , training a class of engineers , as the School of Surveying and Civil Engineers ( ) .
In 1821 , the Academy was disestablished by order of the Sultan , following the activity of the Greek patriotic organization , Filiki Eteria . Political circumstances caused that another Academy did not exist until 1835 , when the Mihaileana Academy ( ) was established . The new institution had some professors from the ancient one , so that we can trace a direct lineage between the two Academies . The Princely Academy did not offer standard academic degrees , but only diplomas that certified that the possessor was worthy of “ the name of learned man ” . This name gave to the bearer the possibility to hold diverse administrative offices within the Ottoman Empire and Danubian Principalities .
Notable academics
Nikephoros Theotokis ( 1764–1765 ; 1776–1777 )
Iosipos Moisiodax ( 1765–1776 )
Nicolaos Zerzoulis ( Cercel ) ( 1766–1722 )
Daniel Philippidis ( 1784–1786 ; 1803–1806 )
Stephanos Doungas ( 1813–1816 )
Dimitrios Panayotou Govdelas ( 1808–1811 ; 1816–1821 )
Notable alumni
Costache Conachi
George Săulescu
Daniil Scavischi
Scarlat Sturdza
Vasile Vârnav
See also
Princely Academy of Bucharest
Academia Vasiliană
Academia Mihăileană
Alexandru Ioan Cuza University
References
Sources
Bârsănescu , Ștefan , Academia Domnească din Iași . 1714 - 1821 , București : Editura de Stat Didactică și Pedagogică , 1962
Camariano-Cioran , Ariadna , Les Academies princières de Bucarest et de Jassy et leurs professeurs , Thessaloniki : Institute for Balkan Studies , 1974
History of Moldavia ( 1711–1822 )
Alexandru Ioan Cuza University
Modern Greek Enlightenment
Educational institutions established in 1707
1707 establishments in Europe
1707 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
18th-century establishments in Moldavia
1821 disestablishments in Europe
1821 disestablishments in the Ottoman Empire
19th-century disestablishments in Moldavia
Greeks in Romania
District 44 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes a portion of Multnomah County . The current representative for the district is Democrat Travis Nelson of Portland .
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time , therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Multnomah County , Oregon
The white-masked antbird ( Pithys castaneus ) is a bird species in the family Thamnophilidae . It is endemic to Peru .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
This little-known bird was formerly considered a data deficient species by the IUCN . But new research has found it somewhat rare and declining . Consequently , it is classified as Near Threatened in 2008 .
References
BirdLife International ( BLI ) ( 2008 ) : [ 2008 IUCN Redlist status changes ] . Retrieved 2008-MAY-23 .
white-masked antbird
white-masked antbird
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Endemic birds of Peru
white-masked antbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Aleksandr Zuyev may refer to :
Aleksandr Zuyev ( footballer ) , Russian football player
Aleksandr Zuyev ( pilot ) ( 1961–2001 ) , Soviet and American pilot
Alexander Zuev ( basketball )
Cuneocytheridae is a family of ostracods belonging to the order Podocopida .
Genera :
Cuneocythere Lienenklaus , 1894
Dicrorygma Poag , 1962
References
Ostracods
Clausocalanidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida .
Genera :
Clausocalanus Giesbrecht , 1888
Ctenocalanus Giesbrecht , 1888
Drepanopus Brady , 1883
Microcalanus Sars , 1903
Peniculoides Markhaseva & Renz , 2015
Pseudocalanus Boeck , 1872
Spicipes Grice & Hulsemann , 1965
Streptocalanus
References
Copepods
Qeshlaq-e Qaleh Now-e Amlak ( , also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qal ‘ eh Now-e Amlāk ; also known as Qeshlāq-e Qal ‘ eh Now and Qeshlāq Qal ‘ eh ) is a village in Ferunabad Rural District , in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 407 , in 89 families .
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Puskás Akadémia FC is a professional football club based in Felcsút , Hungary .
List of managers
Miklós Bencés ( 2012–2015 )
Robert Jarni ( 2015–2016 )
István Szíjjártó ( 2016 )
István Vincze ( 2016 )
Attila Pintér ( 2016–2018 )
Miklós Bencés ( 2018–8 December 2018 )
János Radoki ( 29 December 2018 – 7 April 2019 )
András Komjáti ( 8 April 2019 – 3 June 2019 )
Zsolt Hornyák ( 7 June 2019 – present )
References
External links
Puskás Akadémia FC
Thomas S. Cleveland ( born June 8 , 1960 ) is an American designer , illustrator and fine artist . They served in the United States Mint 's Artistic Infusion Program from 2004 until 2014 .
Biography
Cleveland was born in Oklahoma and majored in advertising and illustration and design , with fine art painting as a minor , at East Texas State University . In 2003 , Cleveland applied for the United States Mint 's Artistic Infusion Program and in 2004 , along with about twelve other designers , was selected for inclusion in the program from approximately 250 applicants .
Work
Cleveland is credited with fifteen designs for United States coins and medals . Their most notable work is the reverse design of the 2007 American Platinum Eagle .
Cleveland 's full United States Mint Coin Design Credits are :
2014 Florence Harding First Spouse Gold Coin Series , Obverse
2014 Florence Harding First Spouse Gold Coin Series , Reverse
2013 Meskwaki Nation Code Talker Congressional Gold Medal , Obverse
2013 Choctaw Nation Code Talker Congressional Gold Medal , Obverse
2013 Crow Creek Sioux Code Talker Congressional Gold Medal , Obverse
2013 Crow Creek Sioux Code Talker Congressional Gold Medal , Reverse
2012 Sacagawea Native American Dollar , Reverse
2011 Vicksburg Mississippi ATB Quarter , Reverse
2011 United States Army Half Dollar , Reverse
2010 Disabled American Veterans Silver Dollar , Reverse & Inscription
2010 Sacagawea Native American Dollar , Reverse
2009 Anna Harrison First Spouse Gold Coin Series , Reverse
2008 Martin Van Buren First Spouse Gold Coin Series , Reverse
2007 The Platinum American Eagle , Reverse
2007 Abigail Adams First Spouse Gold Coin , Reverse
References
Living people
1960 births
Artists from Oklahoma
American artists
The 2017–18 Asian Le Mans Series was the sixth season of the Automobile Club de l'Ouest 's Asian Le Mans Series . It is the fourth 24 Hours of Le Mans-based series created by the ACO , following the American Le Mans Series ( since merged with the Rolex Sports Car Series to form the United SportsCar Championship ) , the European Le Mans Series and the FIA World Endurance Championship . The season began at the Zhuhai International Circuit in October 2017 and ended at Sepang International Circuit in Selangor on 4 February 2018 .
Calendar
The 2017–2018 calendar was revealed in February 2017 . It was then updated in June , removing the Zhejiang round .
Entry list
LMP2
LMP3
GT and GT Cup
Results
Bold indicates overall winner .
Teams championships
Points are awarded according to the following structure :
LMP2 Teams Championship
LMP3 Teams Championship
GT Teams Championship
GT Am Teams Championship
GTC Teams Championship
Driver 's championships
Points are awarded according to the following structure :
LMP2 Drivers Championship
LMP3 Drivers Championship
GT Drivers Championship
GT Am Drivers Championship
GTC Drivers Championship
References
External links
Asian Le Mans Series seasons
Asian Le Mans Series
Asian Le Mans Series
Le Mans Series
Le Mans Series
William Kennedy ( January 1 , 1841 – November 19 , 1910 ) was an American politician and lawyer .
Born in County Limerick , Ireland , Kennedy moved to Whitewater , Wisconsin and then Janesville , Wisconsin . In 1871 , they settled in Appleton , Wisconsin . They served as District Attorney of Outagamie County , Wisconsin . Then from 1885 until 1894 , Kennedy served in the Wisconsin State Senate as a Democrat . They were committed to Northern State Hospital for the Insane on Asylum Bay north of Oshkosh in 1907 , where they died in 1910 .
Notes
1841 births
1910 deaths
Politicians from Appleton , Wisconsin
Irish emigrants to the United States ( before 1923 )
Wisconsin Democrats
Wisconsin lawyers
County officials in Wisconsin
Wisconsin state senators
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Aleksei Vladislavovich Mironov ( ; born 1 January 2000 ) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Rostov .
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Orenburg on 16 August 2020 in a game against FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo .
On 17 June 2022 , Mironov signed a five-year contract with FC Rostov . They made their Russian Premier League debut for Rostov on 24 July 2022 against FC Lokomotiv Moscow .
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
2000 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Orenburg players
FC Rostov players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Russian Premier League players
The Cadiz Freedom Swim is an extreme open water swimming race from Robben Island to Big Bay , Bloubergstrand , Cape Town , South Africa .
It takes place annually close to Freedom Day ( 27 April , the date of South Africa 's first democratic elections in 1994 when Nelson Mandela was elected President , marking the end of the Apartheid era and the freedom of the people ) .
The Cadiz Freedom Swim is recognised as one of the world 's most extreme sea races due to the extremely cold water of the Atlantic Ocean ( averages around 13–14 °Celsius ) , unpredictable sea and weather conditions , and the presence of great white sharks .
History
The first officially recorded Robben Island swim happened in 1909 when Henry Charteris Hooper swam from the island to the old Cape Town harbour , it took them 6 hours 55 minutes to swim the distance of about 11 km .
Cadiz Holdings began sponsoring an annual Robben Island to Bloubergstrand event in 2007 which then became known as the Cadiz Freedom Swim . The event was held for the benefit of Vista Nova School .
The record for the fastest swim was set in 2005 , in a time just over 1 hour 33 minutes , while the record for the most crossings is 68 times by Theodore Yach .
The swim is attempted by people of all ages – the youngest person to complete it being 12 years and the oldest 65 years .
References
External links
Cadiz Freedom Swim
Vista Nova School
Cadiz Open Water Swimming Development Trust
Cadiz Freedom Swim Facebook Group
Further reading
The History of the Cadiz Freedom Swim - https : //web.archive.org/web/20090705195234/http : //www.capeswim.com/freedomswim.htm
Zoopy videos of the Cadiz Freedom Swim - http : //m.zoopy.com/video/u3y/cadiz-freedom-swim-2009 ? return= % 2Ftag % 2Fswimming
Open Water Swimming in Cape Town : https : //web.archive.org/web/20090705195234/http : //www.capeswim.com/freedomswim.htm
South Africa Info : https : //web.archive.org/web/20090828025850/http : //www.southafrica.info/what_happening/sports/freedomswim2007.htm
Swimming competitions in South Africa
Open water swimming competitions
Delonix regia is a species of flowering plant in the bean family Fabaceae , subfamily Caesalpinioideae native to Madagascar . It is noted for its fern-like leaves and flamboyant display of orange-red flowers over summer . In many tropical parts of the world it is grown as an ornamental tree and in English it is given the name royal poinciana , flamboyant , phoenix flower , flame of the forest , or flame tree ( one of several species given this name ) .
This species was previously placed in the genus Poinciana , named for Phillippe de Longvilliers de Poincy , the 17th-century governor of Saint Christopher ( Saint Kitts ) . It is a non-nodulating legume .
Description
The flowers of Delonix regia are large , with four spreading scarlet or orange-red petals up to long , and a fifth upright petal called the standard , which is slightly larger and spotted with yellow and white . They appear in corymbs along and at the ends of branches . The naturally occurring variety flavida ( Bengali : Radhachura ) has yellow flowers . The pods are green and flaccid when young and turn dark-brown and woody . They can be up to long and wide . The seeds are small , weighing around on average . The compound ( doubly pinnate ) leaves have a feathery appearance and are a characteristic light , bright green . Each leaf is long with 20 to 40 pairs of primary leaflets or pinnae , each divided into 10–20 pairs of secondary leaflets or pinnules . Pollen grains are elongated , approximately 52 µm in size .
Distribution
Delonix regia is endemic to Madagascar 's dry deciduous forests , but has been introduced into tropical and sub-tropical regions worldwide . In the wild it is endangered , but it is widely cultivated elsewhere and is regarded as naturalised in many of the locations where it is grown :
North America
In the continental United States , it grows in South Florida , Central Florida , and in the Rio Grande Valley of South Texas as well as humid parts of Mexico , especially in the Yucatan peninsula .
Caribbean and Central America
In the Caribbean it is featured in many Dominican and Puerto Rican paintings . It can also be found in Belize , The Bahamas , Cuba , Haiti , Dominican Republic , Nicaragua , U.S. Virgin Islands , Sint Maarten , Trinidad and Tobago , Cayman Islands , Grenada , Jamaica , Curaçao and Saint Vincent And The Grenadines . It is the national flower of St. Kitts and Nevis . It can also be found in Bermuda , and Hawaii . The town of Peñuelas , Puerto Rico , located about west of Ponce , is nicknamed El Valle de los Flamboyanes ( `` The Valley of the Poinciana Trees '' ) , as many flamboyant trees are found along the surrounding Río Guayanes , Río Macana , and Río Tallaboa rivers .
South America
It grows in Paraguay , Guyana and Brazil .
Europe and the Middle East
Delonix regia is planted in Mediterranean parts of Europe , the Middle east and North Africa , including the southern coast of Spain , the Valencian coast , the Canary Islands , Lebanon , Egypt , Iran , Israel , Jordan and Cyprus .
Indian subcontinent
The tree is planted in India , where it is referred to as the May-flower tree , Gulmohar or Gul Mohr . In West Bengal , Odisha it is called krushnachuda ( কৃষ্ণচূড়া/କୃଷ୍ଣଚୂଡ଼ା ) . In Sri Lanka it is known in Sinhala as the Maara tree , although for a short while it was known as the Lamaasuriya tree after Le Mesurier , the British civil servant who was responsible for introducing it as a shade tree . It is also grown in Karachi , Pakistan . In Mauritius and La Réunion it announces the coming of the new year .
In Bangladesh it has known as krisnachura ( কৃষ্ণচূড়া ) . You can find this tree in various places of Bangladesh . It is found all over Dhaka City and is one of iconic symbols of the Bengali month of Boishakh .
Southeast Asia
In Myanmar , where it is called Sein-pann-ni , the time of flowering is March in the south and early to late April in the north . It is planted in gardens and as a roadside tree . In Myanmar , this tree is a sign of Thingyan Festival ( 13–16/17 April ) . In the Philippines , its flowering signals the imminent arrival of the monsoon rains . It also grows in Thailand and Indonesia . In Vietnam it is called `` phoenix flower '' and mostly grows in Haiphong . In Malaysia , it is called `` Semarak '' , used to be the name of a street in the country 's capital city , Kuala Lumpur , now renamed as Jalan Sultan Yahya Petra where one of the oldest and highest rank Malaysian university , University of Technology Malaysia 's Kuala Lumpur campus is located . `` Semarak Api '' is also the official flower of the Sepang district .
East Asia
It grows in Southern China such as in Hong Kong . It is the official tree in Tainan , Taiwan ; Xiamen , Fujian Province , and Shantou , Guangdong Province , People 's Republic of China . National Cheng Kung University , a university located in Tainan , put royal poinciana on its emblem .
Australia
It is very widely grown in the Northern Australia , the southern extremes previously limited to South East Queensland where it is a popular street tree in the suburbs of Brisbane . It now grows and blooms successfully in Sydney and other parts of New South Wales .
Micronesia
It grows in Guam , and is the official tree of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands .
Cultivation
Required conditions
The royal poinciana requires a tropical or near-tropical climate , but can tolerate drought and salty conditions . It prefers an open , free-draining sandy or loamy soil enriched with organic matter . The tree does not like heavy or clay soils and flowers more profusely when kept slightly dry .
Propagation
Seeds
The royal poinciana is most commonly propagated by seeds . Seeds are collected , soaked in warm water for at least 24 hours , and planted in warm , moist soil in a semi-shaded , sheltered position . In lieu of soaking , the seeds can also be `` nicked '' or `` pinched '' ( with a small scissors or nail clipper ) and planted immediately . These two methods allow moisture to penetrate the tough outer casing , stimulating germination . The seedlings grow rapidly and can reach in a few weeks under ideal conditions .
Cuttings
Less common , but just as effective , is propagation by semi-hardwood cuttings . Branches consisting of the current or last season 's growth can be cut into sections and planted in a moist potting mixture . This method is slower than seed propagation ( cuttings take a few months to root ) but is the preferred method for ensuring new trees are true to form . As such , cuttings are a particularly common method of propagation for the rarer yellow-flowering variety of the tree .
Usefulness
In addition to its ornamental value , it is also a useful shade tree in tropical conditions , because it usually grows to a modest height ( mostly , but it can reach a maximum height of ) but spreads widely , and its dense foliage provides full shade . In areas with a marked dry season , it sheds its leaves during the drought , but in other areas it is virtually evergreen .
Cultural significance
In the Indian state of Kerala , royal poinciana is called kaalvarippoo ( , ) which means `` the flower of Calvary '' . There is a popular belief among Saint Thomas Christians of Kerala that when Jesus was crucified , there was a small royal poinciana tree nearby their Cross . It is believed that the blood of Jesus Christ was shed over the flowers of the tree and this is how the flowers of royal poinciana got a sharp red color . It is also known as Vaaga in many areas of Kerala .
Its blossom is the national flower of St. Kitts and Nevis , and in May 2018 the royal poinciana was adopted by the city of Key West as its official tree . Known locally as , Delonix regia is the city flower of Sepang , Selangor , Malaysia .
In Vietnam , this tree is called , or `` phoenix 's tail '' , and is a popular urban tree in much of Vietnam . Its flowering season is May–July , which coincides with the end of the school year in Vietnam . Because of this timing , the flower of poinciana is sometimes called the `` pupil 's flower '' . The tree is also commonly found on school grounds in Vietnam , however after several trees incidents where the tree fell on students , with one student killed , schools started cutting down or severely pruning the trees . Hải Phòng is nicknamed ( `` City of red poinciana '' ) .
The song `` Poinciana '' was inspired by the presence of this tree in Cuba .
References
Further reading
Floridata data base
ARKive – images and movies of the flame tree ( Delonix regia )
External links
Scientific information about Delonix regia
DENR Recommends Volume 4 GUIDELINES FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF FOREST PARKS
regia
Endemic flora of Madagascar
Ornamental trees
Decorative fruits and seeds
Taxa named by Wenceslas Bojer
Taxa named by William Jackson Hooker
Taxa named by Constantine Samuel Rafinesque
`` Into the Blue '' is a song by American electronica musician Moby , released as the fourth single from their third studio album , Everything Is Wrong on June 19 , 1995 . American musician Mimi Goese co-wrote the song with Moby and provided the vocals . The song is slow and melancholy , a stark contrast to the first four singles from the album .
The single peaked at number 34 on the UK Singles Chart . In one of the remixes , the `` Spiritual Remix '' , Joy Division 's song `` Atmosphere '' is prominently sampled and sequenced . Jon Spencer , frontman of American alternative rock band Jon Spencer Blues Explosion and a friend of Moby , contributed the blues-influenced `` Into the Blues Mix '' to the single , and in turn Moby remixed one of the band 's own tracks .
Critical reception
A reviewer from Music & Media said , `` First he 's raving , then he 's pop as pop could be . Into The Blue belongs to the latter category . It would almost be MOR material if the beats were n't that prominent . '' Brad Beatnik from British magazine Music Weeks RM Dance Update wrote , `` What an oddity . The original album mix is a beautiful haunting cut featuring the soaring vocals of Mimi Goese – as brilliantly showcased on Later with Jools Holland recently . Here , Junior Vasquez turns the track into a mid-tempo garage-ish cut that sort of works . Their Sound Factory Dub toughens things up nicely and there are also Beatmasters and Jon Spencer mixes . ''
Track listing
12-inch single `` Into the Blue '' – 7:45
`` Into the Blue '' – 8:19
`` Into the Blue '' – 8:46
`` Into the Blue '' – 6:14
CD single `` Into the Blue '' – 4:10
`` Shining '' – 4:49
`` Into the Blue '' – 7:20
`` Into the Blue '' – 5:38
CD single – remixes '
`` Into the Blue '' – 6:14
`` Into the Blue '' – 8:59
`` Into the Blue '' – 6:13
`` Into the Blue '' – 5:49
`` Into the Blue '' – 4:52
`` Into the Blue '' – 7:45
Charts
References
External links
1995 singles
Moby songs
1995 songs
Songs written by Moby
Mute Records singles
UOP is an initialism that may stand for the following :
Ukroboronprom , a Ukrainian defence company
University of Ottawa Press , publishing house
University of Patras , in Patras , Greece
University of Peloponnese , recently founded in Tripoli , Greece
University of Pennsylvania , an Ivy League college in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
University of Peradeniya in Sri Lanka
University of Peshawar , in Peshawar , Pakistan
University of Petra , in Amman , Jordan
University of Phoenix , for-profit educational institution specializing in adult education with online and ground classes
University of Plymouth , in South Devon , England
University of Portsmouth , in Hampshire
University of Pretoria , South Africa
University of Pune in India
University of the Pacific ( United States ) , in Stockton , California
University of the Pacific ( Peru ) , in Peru
UOP LLC , ( formerly Universal Oil Products ) , a company developing and delivering oil-related technology to the major manufacturing industries
Uranus Orbiter and Probe , a proposal to study Uranus and its moons
Urząd Ochrony Państwa , Polish Intelligence agency
User operation prohibition , function in commercial DVDs that prohibits user operation at certain times during playback ( such as while a copyright notice is displayed )
uop can be a way to spell μop or Micro-operation in computing , using a u to represent the Greek letter mu
The Oskaloosa City Hall is a historic government building located in Oskaloosa , Iowa , United States . It was designed by Des Moines architect Frank E. Wetherell , an Oskaloosa native , in the Renaissance Revival style . It was originally designed along with the adjoining fire station in 1905 . The buildings were designed for phased construction , and the city council decided to build the fire station first . It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 . Previously it had been included as a contributing property in the Oskaloosa City Square Commercial Historic District .
References
Government buildings completed in 1911
Oskaloosa , Iowa
Renaissance Revival architecture in Iowa
Buildings and structures in Mahaska County , Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Mahaska County , Iowa
City and town halls on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
1911 establishments in Iowa
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Iowa
Gavin Heslop ( born November 13 , 1997 ) is an American football cornerback who is a free agent . Heslop played college football at Stony Brook .
Early life and high school
Heslop was born in Yonkers , New York . They attended Archbishop Stepinac High School in White Plains , New York , the same high school as their future college teammates including quarterback Tyquell Fields and cornerback TJ Morrison . Heslop was named to the NYSSWA First-team All-New York State , as well as the USA Today All-New York team . Heslop played a large role in Stepinac 's 2014 CHSFL AAA championship team , the school 's first since 1955 , recording 60 tackles , three interceptions and three sacks a senior while rushing for 440 yards and six touchdowns . In 2014 , Heslop also had a 68-yard interception returned for a touchdown to help Stepinac defeat rival St. Anthony 's High School for the first time since 1983 .
College career
Heslop redshirted during the 2015 season . During their first-year student season in 2016 , they played in eight games and recorded 13 total tackles . In their college debut on September 1 against No . 19 North Dakota , Heslop blocked a punt in the fourth quarter that was returned for a touchdown , giving Stony Brook the 13–9 victory . Heslop also recorded six tackles in a 42–14 upset of No . 2 Richmond .
In their 2017 sophomore season , Heslop started all 13 games at cornerback . They set career highs with 72 tackles , including 8.5 tackles for loss . Heslop recorded their first career sack and forced fumble on October 14 against No . 12 New Hampshire . Heslop recorded a career-high 12 tackles in a 59–29 victory over Lehigh in the first round of the 2017 FCS Playoffs . The following week against James Madison in the second round , Heslop recorded another 10 tackles in a 26–7 loss .
Heslop again started all 12 games at cornerback as a junior in 2018 . They were named to the Second-team All-CAA after a season with 59 tackles , 38 of which being solo tackles . On September 22 against Richmond , Heslop recovered a fumble and returned it 87 yards for a touchdown . It was Heslop 's first career touchdown and Stony Brook 's first fumble recovery for a touchdown since 2016 .
Prior to their senior season , Heslop was named one of three Stony Brook team captains . Heslop started all 12 games in 2019 , ending their Stony Brook career having started 37 consecutive games . They were named to the Third-team All-CAA with 52 tackles , 8.5 tackles for loss , two blocked kicks , three forced fumbles , three fumble recoveries and one fumble recovery for a touchdown .
Professional career
Seattle Seahawks
2020
Heslop signed with the Seattle Seahawks following the 2020 NFL Draft as an undrafted free agent . They missed most training camp with an injury . They were waived during final roster cuts on September 5 , 2020 , and signed to the practice squad the next day . Heslop was elevated to the active roster on October 3 for the team 's week 4 game against the Miami Dolphins , and reverted to the practice squad after the game . On January 11 , 2021 , Heslop signed a reserve/futures contract with the Seahawks .
2021
In the first week of preseason during the 2021 season , Heslop played 33 snaps , including 12 on special teams . They were waived on August 31 , 2021 and re-signed to the practice squad . Heslop was elevated to the active roster on November 20 and made their NFL debut on November 21 against the Arizona Cardinals , playing four snaps on special teams . On Monday Night Football against the Washington Football Team on November 29 , Heslop recovered an onside kick with Seattle down 17–15 , but the play was called back due to an illegal formation penalty on another Seahawks player . They were signed to the active roster on December 10 after Jamal Adams was ruled out for the season .
On December 12 against the Houston Texans , Heslop suffered a broken fibula and tibia in the final minute of the game after coming in to take their first career regular season defensive snaps . They remained in Houston to receive surgery the next day , which head coach Pete Carroll described as `` successful '' . They were placed on injured reserve on December 15 .
New York Giants
On July 22 , 2022 , the New York Giants signed Heslop . They were releaed on August 16 .
Personal life
Heslop is cousins with former NFL player Doug Hogue , who played for the Detroit Lions and the Carolina Panthers from 2011 to 2012 .
References
External links
Seattle Seahawks bio
Stony Brook Seawolves bio
1997 births
Living people
American football cornerbacks
New York Giants players
Players of American football from New York ( state )
Seattle Seahawks players
Sportspeople from Yonkers , New York
Stony Brook Seawolves football players
Archbishop Stepinac High School alumni
Christina Alma Elisabeth Enroth-Cugell ( 1919 – June 15 , 2016 ) , was a vision scientist who was a Professor at Northwestern University for 31 years , was a founding faculty member and one of the first women to teach at the McCormick School of Engineering and chaired the Department of Neurobiology at the Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences from 1984 to 1986 . Them husband David Cugell was a professor at the Feinberg School of Medicine for 58 years , the longest tenure in the school 's history .
Enroth-Cugell was born in Helsinki , Finland . They earned a joint M.D./Ph.D . from the Karolinska Institute in Sweden and did post-doctorate work at Harvard University . Enroth-Cugell was one of the first female interns at Passavant Memorial Hospital .
Them research focused on visual adaptation and the spatial and temporal aspects of receptive fields and the physiology of the mammalian retina . One of their journal articles , based on a study with collaborator John G. Robson , has been cited approximately 2,000 times and `` was one of the first to use systems analysis methods in vision , and it launched a field of study on parallel pathways in the visual system . ''
Awards and honors
Jonas Stein Friedenwald Award , 1983
References
1919 births
2016 deaths
Scientists from Helsinki
Karolinska Institute alumni
Women vision scientists
Northwestern University faculty
About Schmidt is a 2002 American comedy-drama film co-written and directed by Alexander Payne and starring Jack Nicholson in the title role . The film also stars Hope Davis , Dermot Mulroney , and Kathy Bates . It is loosely based on the 1996 novel of the same title by Louis Begley . About Schmidt was theatrically released on December 13 , 2002 , by New Line Cinema . The film was both a commercial and critical success , earning $ 105.8 million on a $ 30 million budget .
Plot
Warren Schmidt is retiring from their position as an actuary with Woodmen of the World , a life insurance company in Omaha , Nebraska . After a retirement dinner , Schmidt finds it hard to adjust to their new life , feeling useless .
Warren sees a television advertisement about a foster program for African children , Plan USA , and decides to sponsor a child . They soon receives an information package with a photo of their foster child , a small Tanzanian boy named Ndugu Umbo , to whom they relate their life in a series of candid , rambling letters .
Schmidt visits their young successor at the life insurance company to offer their help , but they are politely declined . As they leaf the building , Schmidt sees the contents and files of their office , their entire career , set out for the garbage .
Describing to Ndugu their longtime alienation from Helen , their wife , who dies from a blood clot in their brain just after their purchase of a Winnebago Adventurer motor home . Jeannie , their daughter , and their fiancé , Randall Hertzel , arrive from Denver .
Consoling them at the funeral , they later berates them for taking their wife for granted , refusing to fully pay for the Winnebago ( he wanted the cheaper model ) and getting them a cheap casket . They ask them to move back to take care of him , but they refuse . Meanwhile , Randall tries to rope them into a pyramid scheme .
Schmidt feels their daughter could do better than Randall , a waterbed salesperson . After they leave , Schmidt is overcome by loneliness . They stop showering , sleeps in front of the television , and goes shopping with a coat over pajamas to load up on frozen foods . When they discover some hidden love letters disclosing their long-ago affair with Ray , a mutual friend , Schmidt collects all their possessions , dumping them unceremoniously next to a clothing donations bin . They then confronts Ray for their betrayal .
Deciding to take a journey in the new Winnebago to visit their daughter and convince them not to marry Randall , they call Jeannie they are coming early for the wedding . They make it clear they do not want them there until right before the ceremony , so Schmidt visits places from their past , including their college campus and fraternity at University of Kansas and their hometown in Holdrege , Nebraska . Their childhood home is now a tire shop .
At a trailer campground , they are invited to dinner by a friendly and sympathetic couple . When the man goes for beer , Schmidt makes a pass at the wife , and flees in terror when they adamantly reject him .
Sitting on the roof of their RV on a starry night , Schmidt forgives their departed wife for their affair , apologizing to them for their own failings . At that moment , they are amazed to see a bright meteor streak across the sky as a possible sign from Helen .
Feeling full of purpose and energetic renewal , Schmidt arrives in Denver , where they stay at the home of Roberta , Randall 's mother . They are appalled by their eccentric , odd , lower-middle-class family ( compared to Schmidt 's as an upper middle class corporate executive ) and ca n't dissuade Jeannie from the marriage .
Schmidt throws out their back after sleeping on Randall 's waterbed , infuriating Jeannie . Roberta assures them that a soak in their hot tub will help their back , but they flee after they make a pass at them in the tub . The next day , Schmidt , exhausted from a restless night , attends the wedding and delivers a kind speech at the reception , hiding their disapproval .
On their way home , Schmidt composes a letter to Ndugu . They question their life accomplishments , lamenting that they will soon be dead , that their life has made no difference to anyone , and that eventually it will be as if they have never existed at all .
A pile of mail is waiting for them at home . Schmidt opens a letter from Tanzania . It is from a nun , who writes that Ndugu is six and unable to read and reply to Schmidt 's letters on their own , but appreciates them and Schmidt 's financial support very much . The enclosed crayon drawing , of Ndugu and Schmidt holding hands on a sunny day , moves Schmidt to tears .
Cast
Production
Payne 's script to About Schmidt was initially an original screenplay written years before Begley 's novel was published . According to Payne , their script was about `` an old guy who retires , and realizes how much he 's wasted their life , and wants somehow to start anew— The Graduate at age sixty-five . '' Payne completed the script in 1991 and offered it to Universal Pictures , but the studio rejected it . Following the publication of Begley 's novel in 1996 , Payne decided to combine their script with the plot of the novel , thus making it an adaptation .
Filming took place for two months in several Nebraska cities , including Omaha , Nebraska City , Minden , Kearney , and Lincoln . Omaha was chosen because it was where Payne grew up . At least one scene was filmed in Denver where Nicholson 's character is driving in front of the famous Ogden Theater located at 935 E Colfax . Filming concluded in May 2001 .
Before agreeing to the nude hot tub scene , Kathy Bates said they hashed out with director Alexander Payne exactly what part of their anatomy would be shown and what would n't . `` I battled to make myself comfortable , and they battled to get what they wanted . We met in the middle . ''
Reception
Box office
In the United States , the film grossed $ 8,533,162 on its opening weekend . Its total U.S. box office gross stands at $ 65,005,217 , while total worldwide gross totals $ 107,054,484 .
Critical response
About Schmidt drew praise from a number of critics , who singled out the performances of Jack Nicholson and Kathy Bates . Film website Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 85 % based on 203 reviews , with an average rating of 7.71/10 . The site 's critical consensus reads , `` In this funny , touching character study , Nicholson gives one of the best performances of their career . '' On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 85 out of 100 , based on 40 critics , indicating `` universal acclaim '' . Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of `` B '' on an A+ to F scale .
Roger Ebert gave About Schmidt three-and-a-half out of four stars and wrote the following for the Chicago Sun-Times : About Schmidt `` is essentially a portrait of a man without qualities , baffled by the emotions and needs of others . That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to their craft , but to their legend : Jack is so unlike Schmidt that their performance generates a certain awe . Another actor might have made the character too tragic or passive or empty , but Nicholson somehow finds within Schmidt a slowly developing hunger , a desire to start living now that the time is almost gone . ''
Michael Rechtshaffen of The Hollywood Reporter wrote : `` It 's a commanding Jack Nicholson lead performance that puts it into a sublime league of its own . '' Paul Clinton of CNN.com wrote : `` About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . ''
Awards and nominations
Upon accepting their Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Drama , Nicholson stated , `` I 'm a little surprised . I thought we made a comedy . ''
It was also part of the Official Competition Selection at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival .
Home media
About Schmidt was released on DVD and VHS on June 3 , 2003 . It was released on Blu-ray for the first time on February 3 , 2015 .
See also
Fictional actuaries
References
External links
2000s road comedy-drama films
American road comedy-drama films
Films about old age
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Alexander Payne
Films scored by Rolfe Kent
Films featuring a Best Drama Actor Golden Globe winning performance
Films set in Colorado
Films set in Nebraska
Films shot in Denver
Films shot in Nebraska
New Line Cinema films
Films with screenplays by Alexander Payne
Films with screenplays by Jim Taylor ( writer )
Films about father–daughter relationships
American black comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Kadino Selo is a village in Municipality of Prilep , North Macedonia . Macedonian-born Bulgarian revolutionary Metody Patchev died here and is buried in the local church .
History
During the Ottoman Empire era , Kadino Selo was famous for its grapes harvesting and apple farms . The Battle of Kadino Selo which occurred in March 1902 , was one that involved the local population including rebels from the IMRO against a large force of Ottoman Turkish soldiers .
Demographics
According to the 2002 census , the village had a total of 269 inhabitants . Ethnic groups in the village include :
Macedonians 269
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
`` Hey There Lonely Girl '' is a song recorded in 1963 , titled `` Hey There Lonely Boy '' in its original version by Ruby and the Romantics . It was a hit both for them and for Eddie Holman . It has been recorded by many other artists .
Ruby and the Romantics version
The group 's original recording was a Top 30 hit , peaking at # 27 on the Billboard Hot 100 pop chart . `` Hey There Lonely Boy '' also reached # 5 on Billboard 's Middle-road singles chart .
Eddie Holman version
In 1969 , R & B singer Eddie Holman recorded and released their own version of the song . It charted in the United States in 1970 and in the United Kingdom in 1974 . Holman 's recording of `` Hey There Lonely Girl '' is most recognizable by its disconsolate , sentimental and heavyhearted lyrics , with their falsetto voice . Here is a sample of the chorus :
Hey there lonely girl , lonely girl
Let me make your broken heart like new
Oh , my lonely girl , lonely girl
Do n't you know this lonely boy loves you
Holman 's song peaked at # 2 on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 pop chart , behind the double A-side single `` Thank You ( Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin ) '' / '' Everybody Is a Star '' by Sly and the Family Stone . On the US soul singles chart , it went to # 4 . This version peaked # 1 on the Canadian RPM chart and number 42 on the Australian chart . Four years after its US/Canadian release , the single went to # 4 on the UK Singles Chart , their highest charting single in each country .
Other versions
Shaun Cassidy 's 1977 version was a track on their debut LP . It reached # 5 in Australia .
Robert John in 1980 for the album Back on the Street ( US # 31 ) .
Japanese singer Mariko Tone did a cover of the song on their 1987 cover album For You
See also
List of 1960s one-hit wonders in the United States
References
1969 singles
1970 singles
Songs about loneliness
Songs with lyrics by Earl Shuman
Songs with music by Leon Carr
Soul songs
Rhythm and blues songs
Ruby & the Romantics songs
Shaun Cassidy songs
Robert John songs
ABC Records singles
1963 songs
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Borthwood Manor ( also Bourdourde , 11th century ; Bordewode , 14th century ) is a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight .
History
Borthwood , a small holding on the borders of Newchurch and Brading , was originally a wooded tract of far greater extent , and termed a forest . It appears among the lands of William son of Azor in Domesday , being held with Branston and Lessland . Borthwood seems frequently to have been granted with the lordship of the Island , and belonged to Piers Gaveston in 1309 , and to the Earl of Chester in 1316 .
In 1415 it was granted with the lordship to Philippa , Duchess of York , and in 1507 paid a fee-farm rent of 66s . 8d . to the Crown .
Borthwood afterwards seems to have become annexed to the manor of Thorley , for in 1587–8 'the farm of the manor of Brodewood parcel of the manor of Thorley with Brodewood ' was leased for twenty-one years to Thomas Keys . ( fn . 162 ) In 1780 Robert Worsley paid the Crown a rent for tithes in Borthwood . Borthwood in 1820 was owned by Sir W. G. Stirling , who acquired it probably by their marriage with Susannah daughter of George T. Goodenough of Borthwood , and in 1912 it was held by Mr. W. G. Stirling .
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page 's `` A History of the County of Hampshire : Volume 5 ( 1912 ) '' , a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
The third season of Queer as Folk , an American and Canadian television series , consisted of fourteen episodes and premiered on Showtime on March 2 , 2003 , in the United States and on Showcase on April 7 , 2003 , in Canada .
Cast
Main cast
Gale Harold as Brian Kinney
Randy Harrison as Justin Taylor
Hal Sparks as Michael Novotny
Peter Paige as Emmett Honeycutt
Scott Lowell as Ted Schmidt
Thea Gill as Lindsay Peterson
Michelle Clunie as Melanie Marcus
Robert Gant as Ben Bruckner
Sharon Gless as Debbie Novotny
Jack Wetherall as Vic Grassi
Supporting cast
Harris Allan as James `` Hunter '' Montgomery
Sherry Miller as Jennifer Taylor
Makyla Smith as Daphne Chanders
Fabrizio Filippo as Ethan Gold
Peter MacNeill as Carl Horvath
David Gianopoulos as Jim Stockwell
Carlo Rota as Gardner Vance
Lindsey Connell as Tracey
Stephanie Moore as Cynthia
Episodes
References
2003 American television seasons
2003 Canadian television seasons
Queer as Folk
Pseudozizeeria is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . This genus is monotypic , consisting of only one species , Pseudozizeeria maha , which is found in the Indomalayan and Palearctic realms .
External links
Funet Taxonomy Distribution Images
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
The Silent Comedy is an American rock band , known for their folk , Rock and Roll , and Americana-inspired music .
History
The band was founded in San Diego , California by brothers Joshua and Jeremiah Zimmerman ,
In September 2010 , their album Common Faults won the San Diego Music Awards 's 'Best Pop Album ' award .
Their songs `` Bartholomew '' and `` All Saints Day '' were used in 2011 TV advertisements for the video game Dark Souls . `` Bartholomew '' was the fifth song from their full-length record , Common Faults , and was the first songwriting contribution from The Silent Comedy guitarist and harmonica player Timothy Graves .
`` Bartholomew '' was also used in trailers and television advertisements for the `` History Channel '' 3-part epic miniseries `` Hatfields & McCoys '' premiering on May 28 , 2012 .
Another of the band 's songs , `` Blood on the Rails , '' was used in trailers and television spots for another `` History '' miniseries , `` The Men Who Built America '' , premiering on October 16 , 2012 .
`` All Saints Day '' was used for yet another `` History Channel '' miniseries , entitled `` The Bible '' .
In 2013 , their song `` Bartholomew '' was used in a teaser trailer for the third season of the television series Strike Back
`` Bartholomew '' was also used in episode 8 of the television series The Originals in November 2013 .
`` Bartholomew '' was the opening theme of 2016 Amazon 's first season of Goliath .
The Friends Divide EP was produced by Chris `` Frenchie '' Smith .
Live Performance
Before and after their shows fans can often find the members shoulder to shoulder sharing a drink and discussing various topics with a group of fans .
Hugo Mintz from Bring The Noise music blog wrote that The Silent Comedy `` struck us as America 's slightly heavier and more interesting answer to UK 's Mumford and Sons , a diverse and engaging sound ''
Discography
Albums
Sunset Stables , 2007 , Singleton RMI
Common Faults , 2010 , Singleton RMI
Enemies Multiply , 2018 , The Silent Comedy
EPs
The Silent Comedy , 2008 , Singleton RMI
Cruelty & Clemency , 2011 , Singleton RMI
Friends Divide , 2013 , Singleton RMI
References
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110604225927/http : //www.craveonline.com/music/interviews/129620-sound-spotlight-the-silent-comedy
http : //www.owlandbear.com/2010/03/31/interview-the-silent-comedy/
http : //www.sandiegoreader.com/weblogs/jam-session/2011/jul/01/the-not-so-silent-comedy/
Musical groups from San Diego
The Convent Gallery is located in the Spa region of Daylesford , in Central Victoria , Australia .
The Convent Gallery 's origins date back to the 1860s gold rush , home to the Gold Commissioner , and then known as 'Blarney Castle ' . The Catholic Church purchased the building in the 1880s for the local parish presbytery , where it was home to the priest for ten years .
In 1891 Archbishop Thomas Joseph Carr of Melbourne envisaged a `` source of light and edification '' for the Central Victorian community of Daylesford , Victoria . In 1892 , the building was deemed appropriate for nuns and boarders and the Holy Cross Convent and boarding school for girls was opened . It was the first Victorian establishment outside of Melbourne by the Presentation Sisters . In 1904 the new chapel was completed and in 1927 the parlour , dormitory and music rooms were added .
The convent lacked adequate heating and required a large amount of upkeep , inside and out . In the 1970s it was decided that more suitable accommodation should be found for the nuns . The school was closed in 1973 and at the suggestion of the head nun Sister Mary Agatha Murphy , the building was presented in 1975 by the parish of St Peter 's to the wider community of Daylesford for its use as a Community Center for arts and education under the direction of a Committee of Management . By the end of 1977 , 28 local groups were using it every week with an average weekly attendance of 250 people . It was sold in 1988 , needing a great deal of repair and restoration . It was sold to Tina Banitska , a well-known local artist and ceramicist .
The building retains many of its Victorian architectural features , and is located on the slope of Wombat Hill overlooking the Central Highlands twin towns of Daylesford and Hepburn Springs .
The Convent now houses eight individual galleries , featuring new local and international artists every 8 weeks , the original restored chapel , a museum with the history of the building set up by the nuns themselves , retail selling one-off clothing and jewellery pieces , pottery , local wines and produce , a Mediterranean style cafe ` , New York style penthouse apartment , two glass fronted architecturally designed function rooms , Daylesford 's first world class wine bar , scenic views and of picturesque gardens .
References
The information on this page is the history recorded by the nuns , from the order of the Presentation Sisters who once taught at the school , and the ex-students who once attended . Some of the information is taken from the Convent History book , written by Brenda Morgan , freelance journalist with The Australian Newspaper , published in 1991 Arrarat . Historical Information sourced from the archives of the Presentation Convent , Windsor , Melbourne , Victoria . The part about the Community Education center is sourced from the Daylesford newspaper of 1977 and a poem written by Canon Page , Anglican Vicar of Daylesford called The `` Center '' of Attention written 9/12/1977
References
External links
http : //www.conventgallery.com.au/
Art museums and galleries in Victoria ( Australia )
Evaluative voting may refer to :
Majority Judgment ( MJ ) a single-winner electoral system where each voter may grade each candidates ' suitability for office : Excellent , Very Good , Good , Acceptable , Poor , or Reject . The winner is the one who receives support from and absolute majority of all the voters , the one who receives the highest median-grade .
Evaluative Proportional Representation ( EPR ) , in Proportional Representation , each voter grades each candidates ' suitability for office : Excellent , Very Good , Good , Acceptable , Poor , or Reject . Each elected member of the legislature has a different weighted vote . Each member 's weighted vote is composed of the number of the highest grades , remaining highest grades , or proxy votes exclusively received from all the voters .
Cardinal voting , any electoral system which allows the voter to give each candidate an independent rating or grade
Approval voting , a single-winner electoral system where each voter may select ( `` approve '' ) any number of candidates
Combined approval voting , with a 3-valued Support/Oppose/Neutral scale ( as named by Claude Hillinger )
Score voting , with scales like ( 0 , 1 ) , ( -1 , 0 , 1 ) , ( 0 , 1 , 2 ) , and ( 0 , 1 , ... , 20 )
Great Northern 2507 ( GN 2507 ) is a 4-8-2 `` Mountain '' type steam locomotive , a member of the P-2 class . Built for passenger service , the locomotive was assigned to pull the Great Northern 's mainline passenger trains such as the Empire Builder and Oriental Limited , until being retired in December 1957 and sold to Spokane , Portland and Seattle Railway . GN 2507 is one of only two surviving examples of a P-2 class locomotive and , since 2003 , has been on display at Wishram station in Wishram , Washington .
Service history
GN 2507 was built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in 1923 . One of 28 locomotives in its class , it was delivered to the Great Northern Railway on 2 November 1923 . Purchased with the intention of passenger service , GN 2507 was used to pull the Oriental Limited and Empire Builder passenger services .
On 18 February 1948 , while operating as a mail train , GN 2507 struck a landslide 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) south of Mukilteo , Washington . The locomotive and a baggage car went over the rock sea wall into Puget Sound and two unoccupied coaches were derailed . An engineer , 60-year-old Albert White of Everett , Washington , and a firefighter , 28-year-old W.P . Murphy of Seattle , Washington , were both injured in the derailment but survived . White suffered from back and internal injuries , while Murphy lost one of their thumbs . The locomotive was eventually repaired and returned to service .
Preservation
GN 2507 was retired in December 1957 and kept in storage for several years in Minnesota . It was sold to the Spokane , Portland and Seattle Railway ( SP & S ) , who had promised a steam locomotive to the county of Klickitat , Washington to display at Maryhill State Park . The locomotive was towed to Vancouver , Canada , and repainted with SP & S lettering , even though it had never been operated by that railway . It was formally donated to Klickitat County on 3 September 1966 , and dedicated `` to the days of steam locomotives and to the men who operated them . '' US Rep Catherine Dean May played an important role in securing the locomotive for the county , and gave a speech on the day of the handover .
In the early 1990s , the locomotive was leased to the Northwest Railway & Locomotive Preservation Association , who planned to restore the engine to service . In October 1992 , it was repainted to restore its original Great Northern logo . On 29 January 1994 , the locomotive was transported on a river barge to Pasco , Washington for restoration ; however , the planned restoration never took place . GN 2507 was subsequently leased to the Washington State Railroads Historical Society , but little restoration work was undertaken .
On 7 July 2003 , the locomotive was pulled by BNSF to its current home in Wishram , Washington , about 126 miles ( 203 km ) away . During this journey , the locomotive was restricted to 20 mph ( 32 kph ) to prevent damage to its bearings . A new paint job , costing about US $ 70,000 , returned the locomotive to its 1950s all-black appearance . The locomotive is now displayed near Wishram station , at a one-acre site built by Klickitat County for nearly $ US300,000 . GN 2507 is one of only two preserved P-2 class locomotives – along with Great Northern 2523 , which is on display in Willmar , Minnesota .
References
Great Northern Railway ( U.S . )
4-8-2 locomotives
Baldwin locomotives
Passenger locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1923
2507
Individual locomotives of the United States
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
Steam locomotives of the United States
Preserved steam locomotives of Washington
Hump and hollow , occasionally termed `` flipping '' , is a technique of contouring pastures to improve productivity especially on the West Coast of New Zealand .
The technique , used on peat soils and in areas of high rainfall , allows for faster water runoff and lowers the level the water table .
In a three-year trial at Kowhitirangi on the West Coast of New Zealand where the annual rainfall is 3000mm , an improvement of 14 % was made when compared with no drainage .
Hump and hollowing is increasingly used on the West Coast and concerns have been raised about the effects on water quality . There is also an effect on soil structure , catchment hydrology , and modifications to habitat .
See also
Agriculture in New Zealand
References
Agriculture in New Zealand
Christer Stenberg ( born 20 December 1956 ) is a Swedish water polo player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Swedish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Sweden
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Stockholm
Allan is both a given name and an English and Scottish surname .
People with the given name
A–F
Allan ( footballer , born 1991 ) , Brazilian footballer
Allan ( footballer , born 1997 ) , Brazilian footballer
Allan Abbass ( born 1962 ) , a professor , psychiatrist , and founding Director of the Centre for Emotions and Health at Dalhousie University in Halifax , Canada
Allan Ackerman , an American magician who specializes in sleight of hand magic with playing cards
Allan Adair ( 1897–1988 ) , a senior officer of the British Army who served in both World Wars
Allan Adler ( 1916–2002 ) , an American silversmith
Allan Agar ( born 1949 ) , an English rugby league footballer and coach
Allan Ahlberg ( born 1938 ) , British children 's book writer with their wife Janet Ahlberg as illustrator
Allan Alaalatoa ( born 1994 ) , an Australian rugby union player
Allan Alaküla ( born 1968 ) , an Estonian journalist
Allan Albert ( 1945–1994 ) , an American director , producer , and playwright
Allan Alcorn ( born 1948 ) , an American pioneering engineer and computer scientist
Allan Alemán ( born 1983 ) , a Costa Rican professional football player
Allan Amato ( born 1974 ) , an American portrait photographer and film director
Allan Amin , an Indian action film director
Allan Anderson ( disambiguation )
Allan Andrews ( disambiguation )
Allan Antliff , an anarchist activist , art critic and author
Allan Arbus ( 1918–2013 ) , an American actor and photographer
Allan Arkush ( born 1948 ) , an American film and television director
Allan Armitage ( born 1946 ) , a professor of horticulture at the University of Georgia , United States
Allan Ashbolt ( 1921–2005 ) , an Australian journalist and television broadcaster
Allan Asher ( born 1951 ) , an Australian lawyer , consumer advocate and campaigner
Allan Ayala ( born 1986 ) , a track and field athlete from Guatemala
Allan Aynesworth ( 1864–1959 ) , the stage name of British actor Edward Abbot-Anderson
Allan Baillie ( born 1943 ) , an Australian writer
Allan Baker , a notorious Australian rapist and murderer
Allan Bakke ( born 1940 ) , party in the landmark 1978 U.S. Supreme Court decision Regents of the University of California v. Bakke
Allan Baldwin ( 1924–2008 ) , an Australian rules footballer
Allan Ball ( 1943–2018 ) , an English former footballer
Allan Boesak ( born 1946 ) , a South African cleric , politician and anti-apartheid activist
Allan B. Calhamer ( 1931–2013 ) , an American mail carrier who invented the board game Diplomacy
Allan Anthony Costly ( born 1954 ) , a Honduran former footballer
Allan A. Davidson ( fl . 1840–1899 ) , a lawyer and political figure in New Brunswick , Canada
Allan de San Miguel ( born 1988 ) , Australian professional baseball player
Allan Dokossi ( born 1999 ) , Central African basketball player
Allan Donald ( born 1966 ) , a former South African cricketer
Allan Dwan ( 1885–1981 ) , Canadian-American film director
Allan Mackay Findlay , British geographer
G–Z
Allan George ( born 1999 ) , American football player
Allan A. Goldstein ( born 1949 ) , an American film director and screenwriter
Allan Holdsworth ( 1946–2017 ) , English guitarist and composer
Allan Houston ( born 1971 ) , American basketball player
Allan B. Hubbard ( born 1947 ) , American economic advisor to George W. Bush
Allan Jay ( born 1931 ) , British world champion épée & foil fencer
Allan Jones ( cricketer ) ( born 1947 ) , an English cricket umpire and a retired cricketer
Allan K. ( born 1958 ) , Filipino actor , comedian , and TV host
Allan Kimbaloula ( born 1992 ) , a Congolese international footballer
Allan Kozinn ( born 1954 ) , American music critic
Allan Kwartler ( 1917–1998 ) , American sabre and foil fencer , Pan American Games and Maccabiah Games champion
Allan A. Lamport ( 1903–1999 ) , mayor of Toronto , Canada
Allan Lane ( 1909–1973 ) , an American film star of cowboy B-movies in the 1940s and 1950s
Allan B. Magruder ( 1775–1822 ) , a United States Senator from Louisiana
Allan McCollum ( born 1944 ) , American artist
Allan Morris ( born 1940 ) , a former Australian politician
Allan A. Moss ( 1854–1929 ) , mayor of Newport News , Virginia , United States
Allan Alfred Nunweiler ( born 1930 ) , a Canadian former politician , also known as Alf Nunweiler
Allan Nyom ( born 1988 ) , a Cameroonian professional footballer
Allan Arenfeldt Olesen ( born 1982 ) , a Danish professional football player
Allan Pickard ( 1895–1975 ) , Canadian ice hockey administrator
Allan Ray ( born 1984 ) , American professional basketball player
Allan A. Ryan Jr. ( 1903–1981 ) , an American financier and politician from New York
Allan A. Schoenherr ( 1937–2021 ) , a Californian author , ecologist , and naturalist
Allan Sherman ( 1924–1973 ) , an American comedy writer and singer
Allan Morley Spaar ( 1876-1960 ) , Sri Lankan public servant and politician , served as second Mayor of Kandy
Allan `` Whitey '' Snyder ( 1914–1994 ) , an American Hollywood make-up artist
Allan Sutter ( 1914–1988 ) , American Marine Corps Navy Cross recipient
Allan A. Swenson ( born 1933 ) , an author , literary agent and master gardener
Allan B . Swift ( 1935–2018 ) , an Emmy award-winning broadcaster and American politician
Lord Allan Jay Velasco ( born 1977 ) , Filipino politician
Allan B. Walsh ( 1874–1953 ) , an American politician from New Jersey
Allan Arthur Willman ( 1909–1989 ) , an American classical pianist , composer , music pedagog
Allan Zebie ( born 1993 ) , Canadian soccer player
People with the surname
Alexander Allan ( disambiguation )
Anthony Allan ( disambiguation )
Charlie Allan ( disambiguation )
Davie Allan , American guitarist
Deborah Allen ( born 1975 ) , British judoka
Denis Allan ( born 1944 ) , Canadian chess master
Fabian Allen ( born 1995 ) , Jamaican cricketer
Freya Allan ( born 2001 ) , English actor
Gary Allan ( born 1967 ) , American country music singer and songwriter
George Allan ( disambiguation )
Griselda Allan ( 1905–1987 ) , British artist
Henry Allan ( disambiguation )
Harry Allan ( 1882–1957 ) , New Zealand botanist
Hugh Allan ( 1810–1882 ) , Scottish-Canadian shipping magnate
Ian Allan ( publisher ) ( 1922–2015 ) , British publisher
Jack Allan ( disambiguation )
James Allan ( disambiguation )
Jed Allan ( 1935–2019 ) , American actor
Jim Allan ( disambiguation )
Jimmy Allan ( disambiguation )
John Allan ( disambiguation )
Joyce Allan ( 1896–1966 ) , Australian conchologist
Keith Allan ( disambiguation )
Lewis Allan ( 1903–1986 ) , pseudonym of American lyricist Abel Meeropol
Lucy Allan ( disambiguation )
Marcus Allan ( born 1986 ) , Australian rules footballer
Mary Parsons Reid Allan ( 1917–2002 ) , Scottish artist
Mea Allan ( 1909–1982 ) , Scottish journalist
Patrick Allan , Scottish footballer
Peter Allan ( disambiguation )
Philip Bertram Murray Allan ( 1884–1973 ) , British writer
Ray Allan ( born 1955 ) , Scottish footballer
Robert Allan ( disambiguation )
Rosemary Allan ( 1911–2008 ) , British artist
Sandy Allan ( born 1947 ) , Scottish footballer
Thomas Allan ( disambiguation )
William Allan ( disambiguation )
Fictional characters
Allan ( mascot ) , a former mascot of the Baltimore Ravens football team
Allan Christie , a character in Diana Gabaldon 's Outlander book series and its TV adaptation
Allan Thompson ( comics ) , a fictional character from The Adventures of Tintin by Hergé
Allan-a-Dale , a variant spelling of Alan-a-Dale , a figure in the Robin Hood legend
Zack Allan , a fictional character from the television series Babylon 5
See also
Alan ( given name )
List of people with given name Alan
Allen ( given name )
Alan ( surname )
Allen ( surname )
English-language surnames
Scottish surnames
Scottish masculine given names
English masculine given names
Surnames from given names
Antti Everi ( born December 22 , 1981 ) is a Finnish weightlifter . Everi represented Finland at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where they competed for the men 's super heavyweight category ( +105 kg ) . Everi placed eleventh in this event , as they successfully lifted 171 kg in the single-motion snatch , and hoisted 195 kg in the two-part , shoulder-to-overhead clean and jerk , for a total of 366 kg .
References
External links
Profile – Suomen Olympiakomitea
NBC Olympics Profile
1981 births
Living people
Finnish male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Finland
Weightlifters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People from Huittinen
Sportspeople from Satakunta
20th-century Finnish people
21st-century Finnish people
Mark N. Tompkins ( born January 16 , 1975 ) is a Canadian-born film and theater painter and scenic artist . Their matte painting career began in the U.S. in 1999 , when their name appears in numerous feature films , TV and games cinematics . They are best known for their scenic design sets and scenery in `` I , Robot '' , `` Fantastic Four '' , `` Fifty Shades of Grey '' , `` Godzilla '' and many more .
Biography
Tompkins was born in Vancouver , British Columbia . Before going to university , they were planning on becoming a child psychologist , but after their first job on a film set , they were hooked . In the following years , Tompkins worked on some pretty important features , such as I . Robot , the X- Men films and Fantastic Four . Once Canada 's film and television production services started to decline , and more and more shows were being canceled , people like Tompkins had no other option but to look for a job outside the film and television industry .
For a short period of time , they worked in the building and renovation sector , painting walls in mansions and office spaces all around North Vancouver .
After that , they moved to Los Angeles where they took classes at the Art Center College of Design , while they were also working as a graphic artist , teaching classes and giving private lessons .
At the beginning , they were teaching painting classes to adults from their own studio , and later they started teaching children classes in parks and recreation sites . Their painting style is influenced by a number of early Renaissance artists . They have also been inspired by artists like Andrew Wyeth and Maxfield Parrish .
Work
Tompkins started their film career helping Steve Miner on their 1999 film Lake Placid , for which they were credited as a `` project consultant . ''
References
External links
Mark N Tompkins at the Open Media DataBase
1975 births
Artists from Vancouver
Capilano University alumni
Canadian male film actors
Living people
Male actors from Vancouver
WSGL is a commercial radio station located in Naples , Florida , broadcasting on 104.7 FM . WSGL airs a hot adult contemporary music format branded as `` Mix 104.7 '' . Although the station 's format is Hot AC , WSGL reports to Mediabase as a mainstream adult contemporary station .
History
The station first received its construction permit in 1978 and signed on the air on May 10 , 1980 , on the 97.7 FM frequency as a country station `` FM 98 WSGL '' . The station moved its new frequency to 103.1 in 1982 , retaining the country format until 1986 . The former 97.7 frequency was now at WTLQ-FM sits in the Fort Myers radio market . The station then changed its format to adult contemporary as `` Class 103 '' in early November 1986 . In September 1992 , the station briefly returned back to its former country format as `` Hot Country 103 '' , but shortly returned back to adult contemporary in April 1993 . In 1999 , WSGL was granted a power increase to 20,000 watts and moved to its new frequency at 104.7 with the new name `` Mix 104.7 '' .
External links
Official Website
SGL
Hot adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Renda Broadcasting radio stations
1980 establishments in Florida
Radio stations established in 1980
Torres del Paine is a Chilean commune located in the inland of Última Esperanza Province and Magallanes Region . The commune is administered by the municipality in Cerro Castillo , the major settlement in the commune . Torres del Paine National Park lies within the commune . Paine means `` blue '' in the native Tehuelche ( Aonikenk ) language and is pronounced PIE-nay .
Demographics
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , Torres del Paine spans an area of and has 739 inhabitants ( 543 men and 196 women ) , making the commune an entirely rural area . The population grew by 53.3 % ( 257 persons ) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses .
Administration
As a commune , Torres del Paine is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council , headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years . The 2012-2016 alcalde is Anahi Cardenas Rodríguez ( Ind . ) .
Within the electoral divisions of Chile , Torres del Paine is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Juan Morano ( PDC ) and Gabriel Boric ( Ind . ) as part of the 60th electoral district , which includes the entire Magallanes y la Antártica Chilena Region . The commune is represented in the Senate by Carlos Bianchi Chelech ( Ind . ) and Carolina Goic ( PDC ) as part of the 19th senatorial constituency ( Magallanes y la Antártica Chilena Region ) .
Gallery
References
External links
Municipality of Torres del Paine
Communes of Chile
Populated places in Última Esperanza Province
Populated places in Magallanes Region
Hydrophyllum occidentale is a species of flowering plant in the waterleaf family known by the common name western waterleaf .
Distribution
It is native to the western United States from California to Idaho , where it grows in a variety of habitats from wet mountain meadows to dry chaparral slopes .
Description
This is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing a patch of leaves , most of which are made up of many pairs of oval-shaped , bluntly lobed green leaflets . These compound leaves may be up to 40 centimeters long . The plant produces erect stems branching into green to reddish-purple rough-haired , leafless peduncles bearing inflorescences .
The inflorescence is a large ball of densely packed flowers . Each flower is up to a centimeter wide and bright white to lavender . It is coated in downy white hairs and has a long protruding style and usually five stamens with large purple or red anthers . The fruit is a spherical capsule containing two seeds . The inflorescence of Hydrophyllum occidentale occurs above the leaf canopy .
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
Photo gallery
occidentale
Flora of the Sierra Nevada ( United States )
Flora of California
Flora of the West Coast of the United States
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora of the Western United States
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Tatarkin ( ; born 4 July 1966 ) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player . They are an assistant coach with FC SKA Rostov-on-Don .
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1984 for FC Rubin Kazan .
Honours
Russian Premier League champion : 1992 .
Russian Premier League runner-up : 1995 .
Russian Premier League bronze : 1994 .
Soviet Cup winner : 1992 .
References
External sources
1966 births
Living people
Footballers from Kazan
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Russian expatriate footballers
NK Istra players
Croatian Football League players
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don players
FC Rostov players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Tyumen players
FC Lada-Tolyatti players
FC Volgar Astrakhan players
Russian Premier League players
Russian football managers
Association football forwards
Robert Patrick Weston ( Harris ; 7 March 1878 – 6 November 1936 ) was an English songwriter . They were responsible for many successful songs and comic monologues between the 1900s and 1930s , mostly written in collaboration with other writers , notably Fred J. Barnes and Bert Lee , and performed successfully by Harry Champion , Stanley Holloway , and Gracie Fields , among others .
Biography
Early life and career
They were born in Kingsbury Road , Islington , close to Dalston Junction in London . Their father ran a grocery shop and the family lived over it . Harris initially worked for an engineering company , from which they were dismissed for spending time writing verses on the back of scraps of emery paper . They married Maud Barker in 1900 and became a railway clerk , living in Hemmingford Road , Islington with their wife , but took up performing and songwriting . For their wife 's health , they moved to Weston-super-Mare , where Harris joined a concert party , took the stage name Weston , and became half of a double act , Conway and Weston . They soon moved to Ramsgate , where they started writing songs , before returning to London .
They sold their first song , `` Boys of the Chelsea School '' , to the publishing firm of Francis , Day and Hunter in 1902 ; it was popularised on stage by George Leyton . Weston continued to write songs himself , and in collaboration with other songwriters . Among the most successful and lasting songs from the early part of their career were `` What a Mouth '' , sung by Harry Champion in 1906 and successfully revived in 1960 by Tommy Steele ; and `` I 'm Henery the Eighth , I Am '' , written with Fred Murray in 1910 and also popularised and first recorded by Champion , which became a Billboard Hot 100 number 1 for Herman 's Hermits in the U.S. in 1965 .
Partnerships
Bob Weston had a successful songwriting partnership with Fred J. Barnes . They co-wrote `` Little Willie 's Woodbines '' ( 1908 ) ; `` I 've Got Rings On My Fingers '' ( 1909 ) ; `` When Father Papered the Parlour '' ( 1910 , popularised by Billy Williams ) ; and `` Hush Here Comes the Dream Man '' , recorded in 1911 by Florrie Forde , parodied by First World War soldiers as `` Hush Here Comes a Whizzbang '' , and sung in the Theatre Workshop production of Oh , What a Lovely War ! in 1963 . Weston also co-wrote `` Sister Susie 's Sewing Shirts for Soldiers '' , written with Herman Darewski in 1914 , which was Al Jolson 's first hit .
In 1915 , music publisher David Day , of Francis , Day and Hunter , introduced them to Bert Lee , the collaborator with whom Weston had the most lasting relationship . They worked together over the next twenty years on some 3000 songs and monologues , 75 stage shows and musicals , and 17 films , as well as for pantomimes and radio shows . They immediately found success together with `` Lloyd George 's Beer Song '' ( 1915 ) , `` Good-bye-ee ! '' ( 1917 , made popular by Florrie Forde ) , and `` Paddy McGinty 's Goat '' , which later received a new lease of life as part of the repertoire of Irish entertainer Val Doonican , who recorded it in 1964 . From the start , their collaborations were conducted in Weston 's house in Twickenham . They kept office hours , met every day and aimed to write at least one song each day . Both wrote both words and music , but according to Lee : `` Bob has the brains . I put the laughs in . '' As well as songs for revues , notably those produced by Lupino Lane , they wrote sketches for such stars as Fred Karno , Robb Wilton and Wee Georgie Wood .
Theatre
In the 1920s , Weston and Lee wrote for many theatre productions , and adapted many American productions for the British stage . In 1926 , they started working with theatre producers Jack Waller and Joe Tunbridge , and wrote several musical comedies together , many featuring the comedian Bobby Howes . They wrote the monologue `` My Word , You Do Look Queer '' , first recorded by Ernest Hastings in 1922 and later popularised by Stanley Holloway .
Weston and Lee wrote sketches for the Crazy Gang , and several of Stanley Holloway 's monologues in the 1930s . Together with Weston 's son Harris Weston ( born Robert Edgar Harris , 1901–1978 ) , they wrote Holloway 's 1934 monologue `` With Them Head Tucked Underneath Them Arm '' , about the ghost of Anne Boleyn haunting the Tower of London , seeking revenge on Henry VIII for having their beheaded . Father and son also collaborated on Gracie Fields ' 1933 song `` Heaven Will Protect an Honest Girl '' , and on `` Harmonica Dan '' in 1936 .
Weston was also a talented amateur artist , whose paintings reflect their London background and include a watercolour of Houndsditch Market painted in 1916 .
They died from a brain tumour in London in 1936 , aged 58 .
Legacy and influence
After Weston 's death , their house was occupied by their two daughters who lived there into old age , with Weston and Lee 's papers sitting untouched and unlooked-at . Their present whereabouts are mostly unknown though several items have appeared on eBay , including Weston and Lee 's three-volume workbook , containing manuscript versions of many , if not all , their songs , which it is now known is in the hands of a collector of music hall memorabilia . In 1985 , the entertainer Roy Hudd created a stage show based on the songs of Weston and Lee , Just a Verse and a Chorus , performed by Hudd and Billy Dainty , and wrote about them in a now defunct periodical , Theatrephile . Hudd also adapted the stage show into a series of shows for BBC Radio 2 . A programme exploring the lives and work of Weston and Lee was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on 16 June 2009 , presented by Children 's Laureate Michael Rosen .
Selected filmography
Up for the Cup ( 1931 )
Splinters in the Navy ( 1931 )
No Lady ( 1931 )
The Mayor 's Nest ( 1932 )
Trouble ( 1933 )
Up for the Derby ( 1933 )
It 's a King ( 1933 )
This Is the Life ( 1933 )
It 's a Cop ( 1934 )
Girls , Please ! ( 1934 )
Squibs ( 1935 )
Where 's George ? ( 1935 )
Fame ( 1936 )
Splinters in the Air ( 1937 )
O-Kay for Sound ( 1937 )
Selected stage works
They Wanted Adventure ( 1933 )
These Foolish Things ( 1938 )
Songs
1914 `` Sister Susie 's Sewing Shirts for Soldiers '' ( m : Herman E. Darewski )
1915 ' '' Cassidy – Private Micheal Cassidy '' with Jack Norworth
1915 `` Lloyd George 's Beer Song '' with Bert Lee
1916 `` Blighty , the Soldier 's Home Sweet Home '' with Bert Lee
1917 `` Good-bye-ee ! `` , with Bert Lee
1919 `` It 's Hard to Settle Down to Civilian Life Once More '' ( m : Bert Lee )
References
External links
A Busy Day ( 1917 ) by R.P . Weston and Bert Lee on Great War Theatre
1878 births
1936 deaths
English songwriters
The River Sine or Sine River ( Siin in Serer language ) is a river in Senegal . It flows into the Atlantic Ocean with the River Saloum in the delta of Sine-Saloum .
See also
Saloum Delta National Park , a UNESCO World Heritage site .
Saloum River
Sine-Saloum
External links
« Le pacte primordial dans la vallée du Sine » ( articles [ in ] Éthiopiques n° 31 )
Rivers of Senegal
Serer holy places
Serer country
Unicorse Team is a Hungarian auto racing team based in Tevel , Hungary . The team has raced in the TCR International Series , since 2017 . The team also races in the FIA Central European Zone Circuit Championship . Having previously raced in the European Touring Car Cup amongst others .
European Touring Car Cup
Having first entered the championship in 2012 , running a single Alfa Romeo 156 S2000 for Ferenc Ficza for the first two rounds , before Csapa Gáspár took over the car for the third round of the championship . Ficza finished eighth in the drivers championship , with Gáspár finishing tenth in the standings . They returned in 2013 again running an Alfa Romeo 156 S2000 for Slovak Filip Sládečka for two rounds , with Sládecka and the team battling with technical issues and only starting one out of four races . In 2014 the team again entered their Alfa Romeo 156 S2000 for Norbert Kiss , with Kiss taking the teams first ETCC victory in the first race at the Automotodróm Slovakia Ring . For the championships fourth round 2013 driver Filip Sládečka joined them , replacing Kiss . Kiss finished seventh in the standings while Sládečka finished ninth .
TCR International Series
Alfa Romeo Giulietta TCR ( 2017– )
After having raced in the FIA Central European Zone Circuit Championship , the team entered the 2017 TCR International Series with Márk Jedlóczky driving an Alfa Romeo Giulietta TCR . Jedlóczky qualified 21st and finished 16th in Race 1 before finishing 15th in Race 2 .
References
External links
Hungarian auto racing teams
TCR International Series teams
Auto racing teams established in 2009
Gangshan District ( , Hakka : Kông-sân-khî ) , is a suburban district in Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan . It has 95,128 inhabitants in 2022 . The township is part of the suburbs of Kaohsiung City which encompass 10 cities ( or townships ) out of 18 in the official Kaohsiung Metro Area .
History and Names
In 1920 , during the Japanese era , the town of A-kong-tien ( 阿公店 ; ) was renamed and made the site of an airbase . Administratively Okayama Town covered modern day Gangshan District and Ciaotou District and was under Okayama District , Takao Prefecture . The town suffered heavy bombardment in World War II .
Following the Surrender of Japan and handover to the Kuomintang , the government continued to use the same name ( 岡山 ) , but transliterated using Mandarin ( Gangshan ) . The town continued to host Gangshan Air Base ( Kangshan Air Base ) , and has a strong military veteran 's presence as well .
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Pingan , Gangshan , Shoutian , Weiren , Houhong , Daliao , Zhongxiao , Heping , Qianfeng , Liucuo , Xiehe , Houxie , Xinyi , Tande , Sanhe , Renshou , Bihong , Chengxiang , Zhuwei , Taishang , Wanli , Baimi , Shitan , Fuxing , Benzhou , Jiaxing , Jiafeng , Huagang , Dazhuang , Xierong , Weisui , Shoufeng and Renyi Village .
Politics
The district is part of Kaohsiung City Constituency II electoral district for Legislative Yuan .
Education
Air Force Institute of Technology
Republic of China Air Force Academy
Infrastructures
Gangshan Refuse Incineration Plant
Tourist attractions
Gangshan District is known for restaurants serving goat meat , traditionally goats were raised in northern Kaohsiung because of the poor quality of the land . Due to this the area developed into a center of the regional trade , slaughter , and consumption of goats .
Agongdian Reservoir
Gangshan Shoutian Temple
Gangshan Water Tower
Kaohsiung Museum of Shadow Puppet
Republic of China Air Force Museum
Siaogangshan Skywalk Park
Soya-Mixed Meat Museum
Transportation
It is linked to Kaohsiung city center by the Gangshan South Station of MRT Red Line or TRA Gangshan Station .
Notable natives
Lee Si-chen , engineer and researcher
W. P. Andrew Lee , surgeon
See also
Kaohsiung
Agongdian River
References
External links
Introduction to Gangshan
Districts of Kaohsiung
Bolgar Buttress ( , ‘ Rid Bolgar ' \'rid 'bol-gar\ ) is the ice-covered buttress rising to 1688 m on the southeast side of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica , situated between the upper courses of Pyke and Albone Glaciers . It has steep and partly ice free west , south and east slopes .
The feature is named after the medieval city of Bolgar , capital of Volga Bulgaria in 8-15th century AD .
Location
Bolgar Buttress is located at , which is 3.77 km west of Zasele Peak , 14.4 km north by west of Dolen Peak , 6.4 km northeast of Kopriva Peak and 26.7 km south-southeast of Volov Peak on Davis Coast .
Map
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica . Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) . Since 1993 , regularly upgraded and updated .
Notes
References
Bolgar Buttress . SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer . Antarctic Place-names Commission . ( details in Bulgarian , basic data in English )
External links
Bolgar Buttress . Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Voice Norge is a Norwegian clothing retail company .
It was established in 1987 . In 2003 it was bought by Olav Nils Sunde , who delisted the company from the stock market . Chairperson before the takeover was Bjørn Rune Gjelsten .
A subsidiary of the holding company O. N. Sunde , the company has managed the retail stores Match , Voice of Europe , Boys of Europe and VIC . In October 2009 , it was announced that Voice of Europe with its 77 stores nationwide became disestablished .
References
Retail companies of Norway
Retail companies established in 1987
Edward M. Green ( 1860–1912 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball . They played for the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association during the 1890 season .
Green began their professional career with in 1884 with Chambersburg and York . Their most productive years in the minors may have been in 1886 , 1888 and 1889 when they pitched at least 184 innings each season . They had an earned run average under 2.69 for each of the three seasons as well .
Green only played one season ( 1890 ) in the major leagues . Their final two years ( 1891 and 1892 ) were spent in the minor leagues .
Sources
1860 births
1912 deaths
Baseball players from New Jersey
Major League Baseball pitchers
19th-century baseball players
Philadelphia Athletics ( AA ) players
York White Roses players
Long Island A 's players
Oswego Starchboxes players
Binghamton Crickets ( 1880s ) players
Buffalo Bisons ( minor league ) players
Chambersburg ( minor league baseball ) players
Wilkes-Barre Coal Barons players
Hamilton Hams players
Utica Braves players
Syracuse Stars ( minor league baseball ) players
Grand Rapids Shamrocks players
Philadelphia Athletics ( minor league ) players
People from Millville , New Jersey
Sportspeople from Cumberland County , New Jersey
The London Image Festival ( LIF ) is an annual festival showing international photography and cinematography . The festival 's open competition , which allows entries from photographers of any skill level , has a £1000 grand prize .
References
External links
Annual events in London
Photography festivals
Arts festivals in England
Photography in the United Kingdom
KF Shemshova 1984 ( , FK Šemševo 1984 ) is a football club based in the village of Shemshevë , Tetovo , North Macedonia . They are currently competing in the OFS Tetovo league .
History
The club was founded in 1984 .
References
External links
Shemshova 1984 Facebook
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Football Federation of Macedonia
Shemshova 1984
Association football clubs established in 1984
1984 establishments in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia
FK
Shemshova
Hank is a male given name . It may have been inspired by the Dutch name Henk , itself a short form of Hendrik and thus related to Henry & Harvey .
Given name or nickname
Henry Hank Aaron ( 1934-2021 ) , Hall of Fame baseball player
Henry Hank Aguirre ( 1931–1994 ) , Major League Baseball pitcher
Harold Hank Allen ( born 1940 ) , Major League Baseball outfielder
Thor Henry `` Hank '' Anderson ( 1920–2005 ) , American college basketball coach
Henry Hank Azaria ( born 1964 ) , American actor , director , voice actor and comedian best known for their voice work on The Simpsons
Henry Hank Ballard ( 1927–2003 ) , American R & B singer and songwriter , born John Henry Kendricks
Henry Hank Bauer ( 1922–2007 ) , American Major League Baseball right fielder and manager
Henry Hank Bauer ( American football ) ( born 1954 ) , National Football League running back and television and radio broadcaster
Hank Biasatti ( 1922–1996 ) , Italian-Canadian baseball and basketball player
Hank Blalock ( born 1980 ) , Major League Baseball player
Henry Hank Borowy ( 1916–2004 ) , Major League Baseball pitcher
George Hanks Hank Brown ( born 1940 ) , American retired politician and former senator from Colorado
Harold Henry Hank Burnine ( 1932–2020 ) , American National Football League player
Hank Earl Carr ( 1968–1998 ) , American convicted criminal who committed suicide
Garland Hank Cochran ( 1935–2010 ) , American country music singer and songwriter
Harry `` Hank '' Feldman ( 1919–1962 ) , Major League Baseball pitcher
Walter Hank Garland ( 1930–2004 ) , American studio musician
Eric Hank Gathers ( 1967–1990 ) , basketball player
William Henry Hank Green ( born 1980 ) , video blogger
Henry Hank Goldup ( 1918–2008 ) , Canadian National Hockey League player
Hyman/Henry Hank Greenberg ( 1911–1986 ) , Hall-of-Fame Major League Baseball player
Henry Hank Johnson ( born 1954 ) , U.S. Representative from Georgia
Henry Hank Johnson ( baseball ) ( 1906–1982 ) , American Major League Baseball pitcher
Henry Hank Jones ( 1918–2010 ) , American jazz pianist , bandleader , arranger , and composer
Henry Iba ( 1904–1993 ) , American Hall-of-Fame college basketball head coach
Henry Hank Ketcham ( 1920–2001 ) , American cartoonist who created Dennis the Menace
Henry Hank Ketcham ( American football ) ( 1891–1986 ) , American college football player
Henry Hank Kuehne ( born 1975 ) , American former professional golfer
Lawrence Hankins Hank Locklin ( 1918–2009 ) , American country music singer and songwriter
Hank Marvin , English musician , singer and songwriter born Brian Robson Rankin in 1941
Henry Hank Mobley ( 1930–1986 ) , American hard bop and soul jazz saxophonist and composer
Henry Hank Norberg ( 1920–1974 ) , American football player
Henry Hank Nowak ( born 1950 ) , Canadian National Hockey League player
Henry Paulson ( born 1946 ) , former Secretary of the Treasury
Hank Pfister ( born 1953 ) , American retired tennis player
Henry Hank Sauer ( 1917–2001 ) , Major League Baseball player
Henrik Sedin ( born 1980 ) , Swedish National Hockey League player
Clarence Hank Snow ( 1914–1999 ) , Canadian-American country music artist and songwriter
Henry H. C. Stackpole III ( 1935–2020 ) , retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general
Henry Hank Steinbrenner ( born 1957 ) , part-owner of the New York Yankees
Henry Hank Stram ( 1923–2005 ) , American National Football League head coach
Henry Hank Thompson ( baseball ) ( 1925–1969 ) , baseball player in the Negro leagues and Major League Baseball
Henry Hank Thompson ( musician ) ( 1925–2007 ) , American country music singer and songwriter
Hank Wangford ( born 1940 ) , English country musician and psychiatrist
Hiram Hank Williams ( 1923–1953 ) , American country music singer , songwriter and musician
Hank Williams Jr. ( born 1949 ) , American country music singer , songwriter and musician , son of Hank Williams
Hank Williams III ( born 1972 ) , American musician and singer , son of Hank Williams Jr .
Hank Worden ( 1901–1992 ) , American actor born Norton Earl Worden
Henrik Zetterberg ( born 1980 ) , National Hockey League player from Sweden
Henrik Lundqvist ( born 1982 ) National Hockey League player from Sweden
Hank ( dog ) , a dog rescued by the Milwaukee Brewers named after Hank Aaron
Hank the Angry Drunken Dwarf , a nickname of entertainer Henry Joseph Nasiff Jr .
Surname
Carlos Hank González ( 1927–2001 ) , Mexican politician and business person
Carlos Hank González ( business person , born 1971 ) ( born 1971 ) , Mexican business person
Carlos Hank Rhon , Mexican business person
Jorge Hank Rhon ( born 1956 ) , Mexican business person and former municipal president of Tijuana
William Hank ( 1902–1942 ) , World War II US Navy officer
Fictional characters
Hank Anderson , a character in the game Detroit : Become Human
Hank Dearborn , protagonist of the 1965 TV series Hank
Hank Gannon , from the soap opera One Life to Live
Hank Hall , a DC Comics character
Hank Henshaw , DC Comics villain
Hank Thunderman , from the tv show , The Thundermans
Hank , from the 2003 film Cheaper by the Dozen
Hank Hill , protagonist of the TV series King of the Hill
Hank Jennings , from the TV show Twin Peaks
Hank Lawson , protagonist of TV series Royal Pains
Hank McCoy , a superhero , The Beast , from the Marvel comic series `` X-Men ''
Hank Moody , protagonist of the TV series Californication
Hank Morgan , the Yankee in Mark Twain 's A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court
Hank Pym ( aka Ant-Man , Giant-Man , Goliath , and Yellowjacket ) , fictional character in the Marvel Universe
Hank Rearden , a central character in the novel Atlas Shrugged
Hank Schrader , from the TV show Breaking Bad
Hank Venture , fictional character in The Venture Bros .
Hank Voight , police sergeant in Chicago P.D .
Hank Zipzer , fictional character from the TV series Hank Zipzer
Talking Hank , one of the main characters of Talking Tom and Friends
Hank , main character in the Hank the Cowdog series of children 's novels
Hank , one of the two beavers in Pajanimals
Hank , a giant Pacific octopus with a missing tentacle in the 2016 Disney/Pixar animated film Finding Dory
Hank the American Engine , one of the characters in the twelfth series of Thomas and Friends
Hank , the younger half brother of the titular character in The Bed and Breakfast Star by Jacqueline Wilson
See also
Hanks , a surname
References
English masculine given names
Masculine given names
Hypocorisms
Surnames from given names
Induced ovulation is when a female animal ovulates due to an externally-derived stimulus during , or just prior to , mating , rather than ovulating cyclically or spontaneously . Stimuli causing induced ovulation include the physical act of coitus or mechanical stimulation simulating this , sperm and pheromones .
Ovulation occurs at the ovary surface and is described as the process in which an oocyte ( female germ cell ) is released from the follicle . Ovulation is a non-deleterious 'inflammatory response ' which is initiated by a luteinizing hormone ( LH ) surge . The mechanism of ovulation varies between species . In humans the ovulation process occurs around day 14 of the menstrual cycle , this can also be referred to as 'cyclical spontaneous ovulation ' . However the monthly menstruation process is typically linked to humans and primates , all other animal species ovulate by various other mechanisms .
Spontaneous ovulation is the ovulatory process in which the maturing ovarian follicles secrete ovarian steroids to generate pulsatile GnRH ( the neuropeptide which controls all vertebrate reproductive function ) release into the median eminence ( the area which connects the hypothalamus to the anterior pituitary gland ) to ultimately cause a pre-ovulatory LH surge . Spontaneously ovulating species go through menstrual cycles and are fertile at certain times based on what part of the cycle they are in . Species in which the females are spontaneous ovulators include rats , mice , guinea pigs , horse , pigs , sheep , monkeys , and humans .
Induced ovulation is the process in which the pre-ovulatory LH surge and therefore ovulation is induced by some component of coitus e.g . receipt of genital stimulation . Usually , spontaneous steroid-induced LH surges are not observed in induced ovulator species throughout their reproductive cycles , which indicates that GnRH release is absent or reduced due to lack of positive feedback action from steroid hormones . However , by contradiction , some spontaneously ovulating species can occasionally undergo mating-induced preovulatory LH surges . Species in which the females are induced ovulators include cats , rabbits , ferrets , and camels . In 1985 , Chen et al. , used Bactrian camels to investigate the factor ( s ) that induce ovulation during breeding season . They monitored the camel ovaries for ovulation by rectal palpation following insemination of semen samples . Chen et al. , concluded that in this particular camel species ovulation was induced by the seminal plasma , and not by the spermatozoa .
Evolution
Although the evolution of these two types of ovulation is not well understood , the type of ovulation that would be advantageous in some species can be understood by looking at social groups . Animals that have large , complex social groups benefit from spontaneous ovulation as only the best males get to breed with females . If there are few males suitable for breeding it makes sense to spread out the times at which females are fertile , therefore increasing the proportion in which conception occurs . This does not explain the evolution of ovulation in all species however , for example some species appear to show estrus synchronisation .
Mechanism
In spontaneous ovulators , estrogen and progesterone secreted by the follicles as they grow and mature affects the release of GnRH , and therefore causes an LH surge . The LH surge then causes the release of the egg .
Ovulation is triggered in induced ovulators by an LH surge from the anterior pituitary that is induced during mating . Animals this has been recorded in include rabbits , voles , ferrets and camels . In some species such as the ferret , the duration of intromission has no effect on the LH surge , whereas in other species such as the cat these are related and higher levels of LH were produced by mating multiple times . In many species , for a LH surge to occur , little intromission is required .
The pathways in which information reaches the brain and causes GnRH release are not understood well ; however , midbrain and brainstem noradrenergic neurones appear to be activated in response to intromission during mating . These neurones then go on to stimulate the mediobasal hypothalamic to release GnRH from the median eminence . Most experiments on GnRH and LH release have been focused on spontaneous ovulators , though there have been studies completed on some induced ovulators ( e.g. , rabbits , ferrets ) . From this , it appears that norepinephrine facilitates GnRH release in the rabbit and ferret and the locus coereuleus which is the part of the brain involved in conveying genital-somatosensory information to the GnRH neurones . Other substances that have similar effects include neuropeptide Y .
Species
Many species have been found to be induced ovulators and the reasons for this are not always clear . However , one possible reason is that induced ovulation could provide a better reproductive potential for those species that typically have shorter life spans and fewer encounters resulting in lower mating opportunities throughout their lifetime . Other species may be 'facultatively-induced ovulators ' meaning that while they can spontaneously ovulate , the cycle may speed up or slow down depending on the presence of males , females or mating .
Some rodents such as squirrels and mole-rats are known induced ovulators . In rats the East African mole rat and the Cape-Dune , Natal , Highvield and blind mole rats are known induced ovulators . These species require mating to stimulate the vagina and cervix , resulting in ovulation in the females . The East African mole rat has been found to have small spines on its penis which are also thought to contribute to this stimulation of induced ovulation .
The koala species are a lesser-known induced ovulator . The koalas require mating in which the presence of ejaculated semen is needed to stimulate the female to produce a LH surge ( which would cause ovulation of a follicle ) . Unlike many other animals , simply being in the presence of a male koala is not enough to induce ovulation itself , nor is vaginal stimulation on its own sufficient to cause induced ovulation to occur .
Cats are another widely-known induced ovulator . After mating , the LH levels in female cats surge , and the time to ovulation can be predicted to occur between 1–2 days later .
Wolverines are other known induced ovulators which require physical mating to cause ovulation .
Induced ovulation occurs in various carnivoran species , including most felids and several species of mustelids . Many bear species are able to have induced ovulation including the grizzly bear , black bear and polar bear where both the presence of a male and mating itself are requirements for induced ovulation . However , there are some suggestions that mating is not as strict a requirement for ovulation in bears .
Black bears are widely confirmed induced ovulators . It was observed that most females kept separate from males did not ovulate , whereas females kept in areas with male bears did . Mating between the bears caused elevated progesterone levels , and this was seen by increased progesterone levels measured in the bears in the months that followed the mating seasons . In black bears , the presence of a male was enough to cause a notable rise in progesterone levels even without mating . This could suggest that pheromonal/chemosensory factors could also contribute to induced ovulation in some species .
Induced ovulation is able to occur in some fish species . In China freshwater fish including a variety of carp types , bream and loach are able to be induced to ovulate by using agonists of dopamine . This induction of ovulation from drugs is able to cause a predictable ovulation period and is very beneficial to farming of these species .
In cattle
The natural cycle of spontaneous ovulation occurs in species such as cows . There is a great demand for ovulation to be induced in cattle , as it allows farmers to synchronize their cattle to ovulate at the same time , helping improve the efficiency of dairy farming . Induced ovulation can be utilized during the warmer seasons to increase plasma progesterone and improve the fertility of the cattle . However , ovulation can only be induced in cows with mature follicles and merely initiates lutenization , it does not reduce the time for ovulation .
There are a number of methods that are used to induce ovulation in cattle such as : artificial insemination , introducing a number of hormones such as chorionic gonadotrophin , hCG and LH . As well as injecting progesterone by intravaginal devices called PRIDs ( progesterone-releasing intravaginal devices )
In cats
Domestic cats are often described as induced ovulators . During intromission , the penis probably causes distension of the posterior vagina and induces release of gonadotropin releasing hormone ( GnRH ) from the hypothalamus via neuroendocrine reflexes . A surge of luteinising hormone ( LH ) occurs within minutes of mating . With multiple matings , the LH surge is greater and lasts longer than when only one mating occurs . There are reports of ovulation without mating in cats . Spontaneous ovulation not only occurs in cats , but occurs with some frequency . It appears that non-copulatory ovulation may be possible in response to a variety of visual , auditory or olfactory cues . It is more appropriate to consider domestic cats to be both an induced and spontaneous ovulator .
In rabbits
It has been known since 1905 that domestic rabbits are physically induced ovulators , although they may also ovulate spontaneously . Early reports stated that simply having an oestrous doe in close proximity to a buck can induce ovulation , although there were no data presented in these early reports .
In camelids
Dromedary camels ( Camelus dromedarius ) , bactrian camels ( Camelus bactrianus ) , llamas ( Lama glama ) and alpacas ( Lama pacos ) are all induced ovulators .
Bactrian camel
Bactrian camels ovulate after insemination into the vagina ; it is the seminal plasma , but not the spermatozoa , which induces ovulation . Ovulation occurs in 87 % of females after insemination : 66 % ovulate within 36 hours and the rest by 48 hours ( the same as natural mating ) . The least amount of semen required to elicit ovulation is about 1.0 ml .
Alpaca
In alpaca , follicles ovulate approximately 26 hours after coital stimulation . Mounting accompanied by intromission is necessary to provide adequate stimulation for LH release and subsequent ovulation . Deposition of semen , which contains ovulation-inducing factor ( OIF ) , has been shown to increase the chance of pregnancy . Prolonged copulation , causing abrasion and inflammation of the uterus , may enhance absorption of OIF .
References
Animal physiology
Reproduction in mammals
Camels
Cats
Leporidae
William T. Bovie ( September 11 , 1882 – January 1 , 1958 ) was an American scientist and inventor . They are credited with conceptualizing the field of biophysics and with inventing a modern medical device known as the Bovie electrosurgical generator . Bovie taught or conducted research at Harvard University , Northwestern University , Jackson Laboratory and Colby College .
Early life
Bovie was born in Michigan , the son of Henrietta ( ) and William Bovie . Their father practiced as both a rural physician and veterinarian , and they died when Bovie was 18 years old . Because of their father 's death , Bovie had to save money to attend college , working as a stenographer while they did so .
Bovie went to Albion College before transferring to the University of Michigan . They earned an undergraduate degree in 1908 , then completed a master 's degree from the University of Missouri . While in Missouri , they met their future wife , Martha Adams . The couple had one son . In 1914 , they completed a Ph.D. in plant physiology from Harvard University .
Career
Bovie conducted research with radium at Harvard before working on electrocautery . They were not the first to work with electricity in surgery . It was known , for example , that electric current above certain frequencies could cut tissue without inducing muscular contraction . Bovie used such knowledge to create their electrosurgical device and they first employed it in neurosurgical cases with Harvey Cushing , known as the father of neurosurgery . Bleeding had been the significant obstacle in neurosurgery until Bovie and Cushing began to employ the device in 1926 .
Bovie 's device allowed Cushing to reexplore operations in patients with brain masses that had been declared inoperable . While the device revolutionized surgery , there were occasional technical problems . Cushing recalled an instance in which the current from Bovie 's device short circuited through a retractor . Electricity traveled up Cushing 's arm and to their headlight , causing a sensation that Cushing described as `` unpleasant to say the least . '' In another case , the Bovie device briefly ignited ether gas that was being given to a patient during surgery .
Known as the founder of the field of biophysics , Bovie chaired the new biophysics department at Northwestern University after their relatively brief association with Cushing . They received the John Scott Medal in 1928 for their development of the electrosurgical device . They were made a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
Bovie later worked at Jackson Laboratory in Bar Harbor , Maine , and at Colby College .
Later life
Bovie was relatively poor in their later life . They had not been motivated by financial gain , so they had sold the patent rights to their electrosurgical device to a manufacturer for one U.S. dollar . They had diabetes , arthritis , and long-standing obesity , and their early work with radium led to chronic pain in their hands . They died on January 1 , 1958 .
References
External links
William T. Bovie papers , 1890-1953 . H MS c538 . Harvard Medical Library , Francis A. Countway Library of Medicine , Boston , Mass .
1882 births
1958 deaths
American biophysicists
Albion College alumni
University of Michigan alumni
University of Missouri alumni
Harvard University alumni
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
20th-century American inventors
Fellows of the American Physical Society
The 1916 Giro di Lombardia was the 12th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 5 November 1916 . The race started in Milan and finished at . The race was won by Leopoldo Torricelli of the Maino team .
General classification
References
1916
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
The 1855 Ohio gubernatorial election was held on October 9 , 1855 . Incumbent Democratic Governor of Ohio William Medill became governor after the resignation of Reuben Wood to accept a consulship , and Lt . Governor Medill became elected in their own right in 1853 . The 1855 election was one of the first major tests of the fledgling Republican Party , then still a coalition of various anti-slavery forces , including former rival Democrats and Whig members . This election led them to quickly dominate Ohio politics for the next half-century .
The election is also unique in that it was a contest of three Governors , past , present , and future . With Allen Trimble having served in the 1820s , William Medill serving at the time of the election , and Salmon Chase succeeding Medill . Trimble proved to be somewhat of a spoiler candidate , leaving Chase to win with only a plurality of the votes .
Republican convention
Candidates
Salmon Chase , former Cincinnati City Councilman , Ohio Senator .
Joseph R. Swan , Associate Justice of the Ohio Supreme Court
Hiram Griswold , defense attorney for John Brown
Results
General election
Results
References
Gubernatorial
1855
Ohio
October 1855 events
João Chingando Manha ( born 16 May 1994 ) , commonly known as Kaporal , or Caporal , is an Angolan footballer who currently plays as a forward for Interclube .
Career statistics
Club
Notes
International
International goals
Scores and results list Angola 's goal tally first .
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Angolan footballers
Angola international footballers
Association football forwards
Estrela Clube Primeiro de Maio players
G.D. Interclube players
People from Benguela
Angola A ' international footballers
2018 African Nations Championship players
Chantimelle FC is a Grenadian football club from Chantimelle , Saint Patrick Parish that plays in the Grenada Premier Division .
References
External links
Official Website
Chantimelle Facebook Page
Chantimelle
This is a list of Commelinaceae genera as of 2010 . This list includes all genera recognised as current by the Kew World Checklist of Selected Plant Families .
Genera list
Notes
References
Note
External links
.
.
Commelinaceae
Commelinaceae
Plisków-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation 's poetry or literature ( for instance , Irish or France ) .
Events
June 3 – American writer Ernest Thayer 's baseball poem `` Casey at the Bat '' is first published ( under the pen name `` Phin '' ) as the last of their humorous contributions to The San Francisco Examiner .
Works published
Canada
William Wilfred Campbell , Snowflakes and sunbeams . St. Stephen , NB : St. Croix Courier Press . Published at author 's expense .
Archibald Lampman , Among the Millet . Their first book of poems , including `` Heat '' . < ref name=dmrce > Keith , W. J. , `` Poetry in English : 1867-1918 '' , article in The Canadian Encyclopedia , retrieved February 8 , 2009 < /ref > Published at author 's expense .
Frederick George Scott , The Soul 's Quest , and Other Poems .
United Kingdom
William Allingham , Flower Pieces , and Other Poems , illustrated by Dante Gabriel Rossetti
Sir Edwin Arnold , translator from the Persian by Sa'di , With Sa'di in the Garden ; or , The Book of Love Matthew Arnold , Essays in Criticism , Second Series ( see also Essays in Criticism 1865 , 1910 )
W. E. Henley , A Book of Verses Andrew Lang , Grass of Parnassus George Meredith , A Reading of Earth William Wordsworth , The Recluse , printed from the original manuscript ; Wordsworth 's plan was to write a long autobiographical poem of three parts and a prelude ( see also The Excursion 1814 and The Prelude 1850 ) posthumously published
United States
Oliver Wendell Holmes , Before the Curfew and Other Poems James Russell Lowell :
The English Poets ; Lessing , Rousseau , nonfiction
Heartsease and Rue Herman Melville , John Marr and Other Sailors Thomas Nelson Page and A. C. Gordon , Befo ' de War James Whitcomb Riley :
Pipes o ' Pan at Zekesbury Old-Fashioned Roses Ernest Thayer , `` Casey at the Bat ''
Walt Whitman , November BoughsOther
Rubén Darío , Azul James Russell Lowell , Heartsease and Rue Władysław Mickiewicz , Adam Mickiewicz , sa vie et son œuvre ( `` Adam Mickiewicz : Their Life and Works '' ) , biography written by and collected works edited by the author 's son , translated from the original Polish into French , Paris
I. L. Peretz , `` Monish '' , Polish poet writing in Yiddish
Andrejs Pumpurs , Lāčplēsis '' ( `` The Bear-Slayer '' ) , Latvia
Awards and honors
Births
Death years link to the corresponding `` [ year ] in poetry '' article :
January 5 – Rosa Zagnoni Marinoni ( died 1970 ) , Italian-born American poet
February 8 – Giuseppe Ungaretti ( died 1970 ) , Egyptian-born Italian modernist poet and writer
February 13 – Desmond FitzGerald ( born 1947 ) , English-born Irish revolutionary , poet , publicist and politician
March 26 – F. W. Harvey ( died 1957 ) , English rural poet and soldier
March 30 – Julian Grenfell ( died of wounds 1915 ) , English soldier and poet
April 6 – Dan Andersson ( died 1920 ) , Swedish poet
April 30 – John Crowe Ransom ( died 1974 ) , American poet , essayist , social and political theorist and academic
June 8 – Senge Motomaro 千家元麿 ( died 1948 ) , Japanese , Taishō and Shōwa period poet ( surname : Senge )
June 13 – Fernando Pessoa ( died 1935 ) , Portuguese heteronymic poet , writer , critic , translator , publisher and philosopher
June 22 – Alan Seeger ( killed in action 1916 ) , American poet
August 1 – Aline Kilmer , born Aline Murray ( died 1941 ) , American poet , children 's book author and essayist ; wife of Joyce Kilmer
September 26 – T. S. Eliot ( died 1965 ) , American-born English poet , playwright , editor , critic and writer
October 1 – Ryuko Kawaji 川路柳虹 , pen-name of Kawaki Makoto ( died 1959 ) , Japanese , Shōwa period poet and literary critic ( surname : Kawaji )
October 14 – Katherine Mansfield ( died 1923 ) , New Zealand modernist poet and short story writer
October 16 – Eugene O'Neill ( died 1953 ) , American playwright
October 19 – Venkatarama Ramalingam Pillai ( died 1972 ) , Indian Tamil-language poet and freedom fighter
date not known – Nilkanth Sharma Dal ( died 1970 ) , Indian , Kashmiri-language poet
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding `` [ year ] in poetry '' article :
February 28 ( last seen alive ) - Black Bart ( born 1829 ) , American gentleman stagecoach robber and versifier
April 15 - Matthew Arnold ( born 1822 ) , English poet and critic
May 12 - Edward Lear ( born 1812 ) , English comic poet
July 30 - María Josefa Mujía ( born 1812 ) , blind Bolivian poet
August 9 - Charles Cros ( born 1842 ) , French poet and inventor
See also
19th century in poetry
19th century in literature
List of years in poetry
List of years in literature
Victorian literature
French literature of the 19th century
Symbolist poetry
Poetry
Notes
19th-century poetry
Poetry
The Australian Top 100 Singles Chart is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles in Australia . Published by the ARIA report , the data is compiled by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) based collectively on each single 's weekly physical sales . digital sales and airplay .
Chart history
Notes
Songs that peaked at number 2 include `` All I Have '' by Jennifer Lopez feat . LL Cool J , `` Stole '' by Kelly Rowland , `` Angel '' by Amanda Perez , `` '03 Bonnie & Clyde '' by Jay-Z and Beyoncé ,
Songs that peaked at number 3 include `` Nu Flow '' by Big Brovaz , `` Big Yellow Taxi '' by Counting Crows feat . Vanessa Carlton , `` Shake Ya Tailfeather '' by and P. Diddy feat . Nelly and Murphy Lee .
Other hit songs included `` Hey Sexy Lady '' by Shaggy , `` Someday '' by Nickelback and `` Bump , Bump , Bump '' by B2K feat . P. Diddy all of which peaked at number 4 and were all in the top 25 .
Number of number-one singles : 19
Longest run at number-one : `` Lose Yourself '' by Eminem ( 8 weeks + 4 weeks in 2002 )
Artist with the most number ones : 4 , Delta Goodrem
References
Australian Record Industry Association ( ARIA ) official site
OzNet Music Chart
2003 in Australian music
Australia singles
2003
Street Life is the eighth album by the Irish folk band Patrick Street , released in 2002 on Green Linnet .
Recording and production
It was produced by Ged Foley and Patrick Street , and recorded at the following studios :
Peach Fork Studios , Pomeroy , Ohio – engineered by Bernie Nau ;
Éiníní Studio , Naas , County Kildare – engineered by Steve Cooney ;
Navessa Studios , Saugerties , New York – engineered by Chris Anderson ;
Cal Scott Music , Tigard , Oregon – engineered by Cal Scott .
The regular band members ( Andy Irvine , Kevin Burke , Jackie Daly , Ged Foley ) were joined by Steve Cooney ( percussion ) , Gay Dalzell ( harmony vocals ) , Matt McElroy ( banjo ) , Bruce Molsky ( fiddle ) , Bernie Nau ( piano ) and Cal Scott ( alto horn & cornet ) . The album was arranged by Patrick Street , except for brass arrangements by Cal Scott .
Critical reception
Street Life received positive reviews from folk music critics .
In Green Man Review , Pat Simmonds said the following :
`` A cursory glance through the running order reveals a list of tunes common enough to the tradition , yet typically for Patrick Street the versions are lesser known and arranged with a beautiful easygoing feel which gives them both a sense of familiarity and a new breath of life . ''
`` This album seems almost irrelevant given the modern Celticisms of the brave new wave but these old hands weave through a variety of styles with assurity and utter authority . ''
`` The individual maturity of each player shines through clearly as does the sophistication of the arrangements . Ultimately , nothing gets in the way of the music . There is n't a note out of place and the pacing of the tunes comes like a breath of fresh air . ''
`` The production qualities give a warm and personal feel to the music which result in a very satisfying listening experience . ''
In a review for Roots World , Jamie O'Brien stated :
`` The 10 tracks are evenly split between songs and instrumentals ; and the mix in material - traditional and contemporary , well-known and lesser-heard - is also well-balanced . ''
`` Patrick Street provides an instrumental cross-section of rhythms . From the opening set of jigs , through a set of reels , then later , hornpipes until the band hits a set of Kerry slides and polkas before ending the album with a jig and pair of reels . ''
`` The arrangements have a diversity that allows the individual musicianship to come through , yet still maintain a distinctive group sound . The production , while clean and crisp , is warm and mellow . ''
`` On the one hand , there is no album by Patrick Street that I do n't like . On the other , I tend to play the earlier ones much more frequently than the later releases . Street Life heralds a change . Time will tell , but I think they 've possibly released a classic with this one . ''
In their review for Rambles , Nicky Rossiter added that :
`` The wide appeal of the group may be gathered from their travels . This particular CD was recorded in Ohio , Kildare , New York and Oregon . It opens with a set of traditional jigs that will set you in the mood for the album . ''
`` They return to the Irish landscape and the traditional for `` Green Grow the Laurels . '' The vocals are beautiful on this song of loss and longing with a quiet delivery that seems so sincere . Alongside these vocal offerings you get hornpipes , jigs , reels , slides and polkas on this excellent album . ''
`` The lyrics are included and there are nice liner notes on the origins of the songs or how the band members found them . ''
`` This is a very valuable addition to any Irish music collection . ''
In a review for Allmusic , Gregory McIntosh concluded :
`` As always , the musicianship between the four members of Patrick Street is impeccable , the songs are well-recorded , and the occasional contemporary songs fit in nicely with the central traditional material . ''
`` Overall , Street Life is a nice extension to the Patrick Street catalog , but necessary only to collectors , as the album breaks little new ground for the band . ''
Track listing
`` Saddle the Pony '' / '' The Boys of the Town '' / '' The Frost is All Over '' ( jigs ) ( Traditional ; arranged by Patrick Street ) – 3:37
`` Barna Hill '' ( song ) ( words : Traditional , music : Andy Irvine ) – 4:27
`` The Old Reel '' / '' Drowsy Maggie '' / '' Kay Girroir '' ( reels ) ( Traditional ; arranged by Patrick Street ) – 4:11
`` If We Had Built a Wall '' ( song ) ( Dominic Madden , Burke & Foley ) – 3:53
`` Down in Matewan '' / '' Lost Indian '' ( song ) ( Andy Irvine , Traditional ) – 4:27
`` Down By The Old Fairy Fort '' / '' The Whistler and Their Dog '' ( hornpipes ) ( Traditional ; arranged by Patrick Street ) – 4:03
`` The Diamantina Drover '' ( song ) ( Hugh MacDonald ) – 5:32
`` Art O'Keefe 's '' / '' Forget Your Troubles '' / '' Joe Bane 's '' / '' Kiskeam '' ( slides & polkas ) ( Traditional ; arranged by Patrick Street ) – 5:22
`` Green Grows the Laurel '' ( song ) ( Traditional , Andy Irvine ) – 4:19
`` King of the Pipers '' / '' Free and Easy '' / '' The House on the Hill '' / '' O'Keefe 's '' ( Traditional/Traditional/Joe Thomas/Traditional ) ( jigs & reels ) – 5:45
Personnel
Andy Irvine - vocals , mandolin , bouzouki , harmonica
Kevin Burke - fiddle
Jackie Daly - accordion
Ged Foley - vocals , guitar
Steve Cooney - percussion – track 3
Gay Dalzell - harmony vocals – tracks 4 , 6 and 9
Matt McElroy - banjo – track 5
Bruce Molsky - fiddle – track 5
Bernie Nau - piano – track 3
Cal Scott - alto horn , cornet – tracks 4 , 6 and 9
References
External links
Review of Street Life at the Green Man Review website
Review of Street Life at the RootsWorld website
Review of Street Life at the Rambles website
Street Life at Allmusic website
Street Life at Discogs website
Street Life at Amazon.com website
Street Life at MusicBrainz website
Street Life at Compass Records website
Patrick Street at Adastra website
Patrick Street at Herschel Freeman Agency website
2002 albums
Patrick Street albums
Huff Junction is an unincorporated community in Logan County , West Virginia , United States , at the confluence of Huff Creek and the Guyandotte River . The eastern part of the community , along Green Branch Road , is part of the Mallory census-designated place . There are many businesses in this area .
References
Unincorporated communities in Logan County , West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Populated places on the Guyandotte River
The dumb agent theory ( DAT ) states that many people making individual buying and selling decisions will better reflect true value than any one individual can . In finance this theory is predicated on the efficient-market hypothesis ( EMH ) . One of the first instances of the dumb agent theory in action was with the Policy Analysis Market ( PAM ) ; a futures exchange developed by DARPA . While this project was quickly abandoned by the Pentagon , its idea is now implemented in futures exchanges and prediction markets such as Intrade , Newsfutures and Predictify . The DAT is technically a hypothesis , not a theory .
While first mentioned strictly by name in relation to PAM in 2003 , the dumb agent theory was originally conceived ( as the Dumb Smart Market ) by James Surowiecki in 1999 . Here , Surowiecki differentiated from the EMH stating that it `` does n't mean that markets are always right . '' Instead , they argue that markets are subject to manias and panics because `` people are always shouting out '' their stock picks . This , in turn , results in other investors worrying about these picks and becoming influenced by them , which ultimately drives the markets ( irrationally ) up or down . Their argument states that if market decisions were made independently of each other , and with the sole goal of being correct ( as opposed to being in line with what others are choosing ) , then the markets would produce the best choice possible and eliminate biases such as groupthink , the bandwagon effect and the Abilene paradox .
PAM
The Policy Analysis Market ( PAM ) , while technically a futures market , was described as utilizing the dumb agent theory . The main difference , as argued by James Surowiecki , is that in a futures market the current stock prices are known in advance , while in order for the dumb agent theory to work , they should be unknown to the investor prior to the decision making period ( which is possible only with a prediction market ) .
Prediction markets
For the dumb agent theory to hold , investors should not know what other investors are doing prior to making their decision . While this is technically impossible in a futures exchange ( because what other people are deciding dictates the price of the security ) , it can be done in a Prediction Market . Certain prediction markets are set up in this manner ( Such as Predictify , although it allows for participants to change their answers after their initial prediction ) .
Dumb agent theory outside the financial markets
USS Scorpion ( SSN-589 ) was a nuclear submarine of the United States Navy lost at sea on June 5 , 1968 . While a public search did not yield any clues as to its location , Dr. John Craven , the Chief Scientist of the U.S. Navy 's Special Projects Division , decided to employ the Bayesian search theory in order to establish its location . This involved formulating different hypotheses as to its location and using a probability distribution to combine the information and find the point of the highest probability . The different hypotheses were taken from various independent sources , such as mathematicians , submarine specialists , and salvage men . The point Craven found ended up being 220 yards from the actual position of the sunken vessel .
References
External links
`` Dumb Agent Theory Explained '' at DumbAgent.com
Behavioral finance
Theory of value ( economics )
Theophilus Alfred James Daniel ( 1817 – 22 March 1893 ) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Southland , New Zealand .
They represented the Wallace electorate from to 1884 , when they were defeated .
They were from Hastings , Sussex , England , and came to Foveaux Strait via New South Wales . They had been on the Southland and Otago Provincial Councils . They died at Otaitai Bush and their funeral was held in Riverton on 26 March 1893 .
Daniel married Elizabeth Stevens , the half-sister of John Howell , the founder of Riverton . Their building in Riverton 's main street , known as Daniel House , is registered with Heritage New Zealand as a Category II structure .
References
|-
1817 births
1893 deaths
Mayors of places in Southland , New Zealand
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1884 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1887 New Zealand general election
19th-century New Zealand politicians
English emigrants to New Zealand
People from Hastings
Members of the Otago Provincial Council
Members of the Southland Provincial Council
Pleuranthodium piundaundensis is a monocotyledonous plant species that was first described by Pieter van Royen , and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith . Pleuranthodium piundaundensis is part of the genus Pleuranthodium and the family Zingiberaceae .
The species ' range is Papua New Guinea . No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life .
References
piundaundensis
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
Okpho Township or Okpo Township is a township in Tharrawaddy District in the Bago Region of Burma . The principal town is Okpho .
On 25 March 2013 , Muslim house and mosques were attacked by Buddhist mobs in the township following similar violence in other parts of Burma .
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Tharrawaddy District
Średni Łan ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Samuel Foxe ( 1560–1630 ) , was an English diarist and politician . They were a Member of the Parliament of England for Midhurst in 1589 and for Knaresborough in 1593 .
Information
Foxe was the eldest son of John Foxe , the martyrologist . They were born at Norwich on 31 December 1560 , and admitted into Merchant Taylors ' School , London , on 20 October 1572 . In 1574 they went to Oxford , where they were elected demy of Magdalen College . In 1576 they left for France without the permission of their tutors or the knowledge of their father . They are , however , readmitted to the college , although they are said to have acquired a fondness for dress , which displeased their father . In 1579 they were elected probationer , and in 1580 fellow of their college .
In 1581 they were expelled on religious grounds . They seem to have quarrelled with some of their colleagues who adopted the more extreme forms of puritanism . Their father temperately pleaded for their restoration , and wrote to a bishop , probably Horn of Winchester , soliciting their help in the matter . Meanwhile , Samuel spent more than three years in foreign travel , visiting the universities of Leipzig , Padua , and Basle . They returned to England in 1585 , and was restored to their fellowship .
Their father gave them a lease of Shipton , Wiltshire , attached to the prebend which the elder Foxe held in Salisbury Cathedral . In 1587 they were admitted into the service of Sir Thomas Heneage of Copt Hall , Essex , and became custodian of Havering-atte-Bower and clerk of Epping . On 15 April 1589 they married Anne Leveson , suspected daughter of Sir Thomas Leveson and sister to Sir John Leveson . They were chosen burgess for the university of Oxford in 1590 . The parliament in which they sat was of very brief duration , but it passed—probably with Foxe 's aid—a valuable and much needed act directed against abuses in the election to fellowships , scholarships , and similar positions . About 1594 they settled at Warlies , near Waltham Abbey , and died there in January 1629–30 . They were buried at Waltham Abbey 16 Jan. Their will was dated 22 June 1629 . The Latin treatise on the Apocalypse , dedicated by them to Archbishop Whitgift , was written by their father . The ‘ Life ' of their father , prefixed to the second volume of the ‘ Actes and Monuments ' in the edition of 1641 , has been repeatedly ascribed to him . But internal evidence is much opposed to this theory of authorship . Their ‘ Diary , ' very brief and extending over only a portion of their life , will be found in the appendix to Strype 's ‘ Annals . ' The original is in British Library Lansdowne 679 . A letter to their brother Simeon is in British Library Harley MS 416 , at f. 222 , and a continuation of their travels in Lansdowne MS 679 . The latter pieces are printed in William Winters ' Biographical Notes on John Foxe the Martyrologist , 1876 .
Family
By their wife Anne , who was buried by their husband 18 May 1630 , Foxe had three sons , Thomas , John , and Robert . Thomas Foxe , M.D . ( 1591–1662 ) , born at Havering Palace 14 February 1591 ; matriculated from Magdalen Hall , Oxford , 19 June 1607 ; was demy of Magdalen College 1608–13 , and fellow 1613–30 , proceeding B.A . 1611 and M.A . 1614 . They were bursar of their college in 1622 , and junior proctor of the university 1620–1 . They afterwards studied medicine , proceeding M.D . at Oxford , and was a candidate of the London College of Physicians 25 June 1623 . A letter describing Ben Jonson 's reception at Oxford , written by Thomas Foxe to their father , is preserved in Harley MS 416 , at f. 226 , and has been printed by William Winters .
On 8 May 1634 James Hay , Earl of Carlisle , applied to them for a loan of 500l . They seem to have acquired much property , and to have been friendly with men eminent in literature and society . They died at Warlies 20 November 1662 , and was buried in Waltham Abbey 26 November . They married Anne , daughter of Richard Honeywood of Charing , Kent , and Marleshall , Essex , and granddaughter of Mrs. Mary Honeywood , the pious friend of their grandfather , the martyrologist . By them they left a daughter Alice , who married Sir Richard Willys , baronet , Robert , Samuel 's youngest son , was a captain in the navy , and died in 1646 . They wrote to their elder brother an interesting letter descriptive of the trial of the Earl and Countess of Somerset .
References
1560 births
1630 deaths
English diarists
16th-century English writers
17th-century English writers
16th-century male writers
17th-century English male writers
Politicians from Norwich
Alumni of Magdalen College , Oxford
English MPs 1589
English MPs 1593
Frederick Cooper , ( born on October 27 , 1947 in New York City ) , is an American historian who specializes in colonialization , decolonialization , and African history . After finishing their BA at Stanford University in 1969 , Cooper received their Doctor of Philosophy from Yale University in 1974 . From 1974 to 1982 they were Assistant , then Associate Professor at Harvard University . Becoming Professor of History at the University of Michigan in 1982 , they left for a professorship of history at New York University where they have worked since 2002 .
Cooper initially studied the history of labor and of labor movements in East Africa , but later moved on to broaden their scope to embrace francophone West Africa as well . Though a firm base in social and polit-economical history is a constant of their works , one characteristic of Cooper ` s approach to history is a strong concern with epistemological questions and the possibilities and limits of knowledge production , as can best be seen in their articles on globalization and identity , reprinted in their book `` Colonialism in Question '' in 2005 .
Cooper 's research on federalist and confederated proposals to structure relations between the French metropole and its African colonies influenced a new scholarly literature on federalism .
Cooper ` s contributions to the history of colonialism in Africa and to contemporary African history have been crucial in the fields of African studies and beyond . One of their best known conceptual contributions is the concept of the gatekeeper state that they developed in a number of article contributions in the late 1990s , their book-length essay on `` the past of the present '' in 2002 , and their masterful `` Africa since 1940 . '' Stanford Humanities Center 2010
Cooper made some important impacts on the growing field of global history , not least with `` Empires in World History '' co-written with their wife , the historian Jane Burbank , and published in 2010 . Moreover , over the course of the last decades , several topical collections of articles by a wide array of international scholars which Cooper edited or co-edited , have had a lasting impact on global historical thought and research directions . These include `` Struggle for the City '' ( 1983 ) , `` International Development and the Social Sciences '' ( 1997 ) , and `` Tensions of Empire '' ( 1997 ) .
Awards and honors
1982 Melville Herskovits Prize , African Studies Association , From Slaves to Squatters
2010 World History Association Book Prize , Empires in World History
2015 George Louis Beer Prize , Citizenship between Empire and Nation
Selected publications
Books
1977 - Plantation Slavery on the East Coast of Africa ( New Haven : Yale University Press )
1980 - From Slaves to Squatters : Plantation Labor and Agriculture in Zanzibar and Coastal Kenya , 1890-1925 ( New Haven : Yale University Press )
1983 - Editor , Struggle for the City : Migrant Labour , Capital and the State in Urban Africa ( Beverly Hills , London , New Delhi : Sage Publications )
1996 - Decolonization and African Society : The Labor Question in French and British Africa ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press ) ; French translation : Décolonisation et travail en Afrique : L ` Afrique britannique et francaise 1935-1960 ( Paris : Karthala , 2004 )
1997 - co-editor , with Randall M. Packard , International Development and the Social Sciences : Essays on the History and Politics of Knowledge ( Berkeley : University of California Press )
1997 - co-editor , with Ann Laura Stoler , Tensions of Empire : Colonial Cultures in a Bourgeois World ( Berkeley : University of California Press ) ; French translation : Repenser le colonialisme ( Paris : Payot , 2013 )
2000 - with Holt , Thomas C. and Scott , Rebecca J. , Beyond Slavery : Explorations of Race , Labor , and Citizenship in Postemancipation Societies ( The University of North Carolina Press )
2002 - Africa Since 1940 : The Past of the Present ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press ) ; French translation : L'Afrique depuis 1940 ( Paris , Payot , 2008 )
2005 - Colonialism in Question : Theory , Knowledge History ( Berkeley : University of California Press ) ; French translation : Le Colonialisme en question . Théorie , connaissance , histoire ( Paris , Payot , 2010 ) ; German translation Kolonialismus denken : Konzepte und Theorien in kritischer Perspektive ( Frankfurt am Main : Campus , 2012 )
2010 - in co-operation with Jane Burbank , Empires in World History . Power and the Politics of Difference , ( Princeton and Oxford : Princeton University Press ) ; German translation : Imperien der Weltgeschichte : Das Repertoire der Macht vom alten Rom und China bis heute ( Frankfurt am Main : Campus , 2012 )
2013 - Out of Empire : Redefining Africa ` s Place in the World ( Goettingen : Vienna University Press )
2014 - Africa in the World : Capitalism , Empire , Nation-State ( Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press ) ; French translation : L'Afrique dans le monde : Capitalisme , empire , Etat-nation ( Paris : Payot , 2015 )
2014 - Citizenship between Empire and Nation : Remaking France and French Africa , 1945-60 ( Princeton : Princeton University Press ) ; French translation : Français et africains ? Etre citoyen au temps de la décolonisation ( Paris : Payot , 2014 )
2018 - Citizenship , Inequality , and Difference : Historical Perspectives ( Princeton : Princeton University Press )
Articles
1996 - 'Our Strike ' : Equality , Anticolonial Politics , and the French West African Railway Strike of 1947-48 , Journal of African History , 37 : 81-118 .
2000 - Africa 's Pasts and Africa 's Historians , Canadian Journal of African Studies , 34 : 298-336 .
2001 - What Is the Concept of Globalization Good For ? An African Historian 's Perspective , African Affairs , 100 : 189-213 .
2004 - Empire Multiplied , Comparative Studies in Society and History , 46 : 247-72 .
2000 - with Brubaker , R. , Beyond Identity , Theory and Society , 29 : 1-47 .
2019 - with Brubaker , R. , Empires after 1919 : Old , New , Transformed , International Affairs , 95 : 81-100 .
References
External links
Frederick Cooper 's web page at Department of History , New York University
Living people
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
Historians of Africa
Historians of colonialism
New York University faculty
Historians of Kenya
Historians of the British Empire
Labor historians
University of Michigan faculty
American male non-fiction writers
1947 births
The virginal , or virginals , is a keyboard instrument .
Virginal may also refer to :
Virginity , the state of a person who has never engaged in sexual intercourse
Virginal ( poem ) , an anonymous Middle High German poem
`` Virginal '' ( song ) , by Shouta Aoi , 2014
See also
Virgin ( disambiguation )
Virginity ( disambiguation )
A polyamine is an organic compound having more than two amino groups . Alkyl polyamines occur naturally , but some are synthetic . Alkylpolyamines are colorless , hygroscopic , and water soluble . Near neutral pH , they exist as the ammonium derivatives . Most aromatic polyamines are crystalline solids at room temperature .
Natural polyamines
Low-molecular-weight linear polyamines are found in all forms of life . The principal examples are the triamine spermidine and the tetraamine spermine . They are structurally and biosynthetically related to the diamines putrescine and cadaverine . Polyamine metabolism is regulated by the activity of the enzyme ornithine decarboxylase ( ODC ) . Polyamines are found in high concentrations in the mammalian brain .
Synthetic polyamines
Several synthetic polyamines are used in chemical industry and the research laboratory . They are mainly of interest as additives to motor oil and as co-reactants ( hardeners ) with epoxy resins . Many synthetic polyamines feature NCH2CH2N linkages :
Diethylenetriamine , abbreviated dien or DETA , ( H2N-CH2CH2-NH-CH2CH2-NH2 . The related permethylated derivative pentamethyldiethylenetriamine is used as a chelating agent in organolithium chemistry .
Triethylenetetramine ( trien or TETA , H2N-CH2CH2-NH-CH2CH2-NH-CH2CH2-NH2 ) , tetraethylenepentamine ( TEPA , H2N-CH2CH2-NH-CH2CH2-NH-CH2CH2-NH-CH2CH2-NH2 ) , pentaethylenehexamine ( PEHA , H2N-CH2CH2-NH-CH2CH2-NH-CH2CH2-NH-CH2CH2-NH-CH2CH2-NH2 ) .
Macrocyclic polyamines : 1,4,7-triazacyclononane ( ( NHCH2CH2 ) 3 ) and cyclen ( ( NHCH2CH2 ) 4 ) . A related tetraaza macrocycle is cyclam .
Tris ( 2-aminoethyl ) amine ( N ( CH2CH2NH2 ) 3 ) is a branched polyamine . A related tripodal polyamine is 1,1,1-tris ( aminomethyl ) ethane .
Polyethylenimine is a polymer derived from aziridine .
A rare example of a polyamine with only methylene bridges between the nitrogens is 1,3,5-triazinane .
Biological function
Although it is known that the biosynthesis of polyamines is highly regulated , the biological function of polyamines is only partly understood . In their cationic ammonium form , they bind to DNA , and , in structure , they represent compounds with cations that are found at regularly spaced intervals ( in contrast to or , which are point charges ) . They have also been found to act as promoters of programmed ribosomal frameshifting during translation .
Inhibition of polyamine biosynthesis retards or stops cell growth . The provision of exogenous polyamines restores the growth of these cells . Most eukaryotic cells express a polyamine-transporting ATPase on their cell membrane that facilitates the internalization of exogenous polyamines . This system is highly active in rapidly proliferating cells and is the target of some chemotherapeutics currently under development .
Polyamines are also modulators of a variety of ion channels , including NMDA receptors and AMPA receptors . They block inward-rectifier potassium channels so that the currents of the channels are inwardly rectified , thereby the cellular energy , i.e . ion gradient across the cell membrane , is conserved . In addition , polyamine participate in initiating the expression of SOS response of Colicin E7 operon and down-regulate proteins that are essential for colicin E7 uptake , thus conferring a survival advantage on colicin-producing E. coli under stress conditions .
Polyamines can enhance the permeability of the blood–brain barrier .
They are involved in modulating senescence of organs in plants and are therefore considered as a plant hormone . In addition , they are directly involved in regulation of programmed cell death .
Homology-directed DNA repair
Polyamines promote homologous recombination ( HR ) -mediated double-strand break ( DSB ) repair . Polyamines enhance the DNA strand exchange activity of RAD51 recombinase . Depletion of polyamines sensitizes cells to genotoxic substances such as ionizing radiation and ultraviolet radiation . The effect of polyamines on RAD51 arises from their ability to enhance the capture of homologous duplex DNA and promote RAD-51-mediated homologous DNA pairing and exchange activity . Polyamines appear to have an evolutionarily conserved role in regulating recombinase activity .
Biosynthesis of spermidine , spermine , thermospermine
Spermidine is synthesized from putrescine , using an aminopropyl group from decarboxylated S-adenosyl-L-methionine ( SAM ) . The reaction is catalyzed by spermidine synthase .
Spermine is synthesized from the reaction of spermidine with SAM in the presence of the enzyme spermine synthase .
The polyamines undergo rapid interconversion in the polyamine cycle , in which putrescine leads to synthesis of spermidine and spermine , with degradation of these polyamines to form putrescine , which can begin the cycle again .
Thermospermine ( NH2- ( CH2 ) 3-NH- ( CH2 ) 3-NH- ( CH2 ) 4-NH2 ) is a structural isomer of spermine and a novel type of plant growth regulator . It is produced from spermidine by the action of thermospermine synthase , which is encoded by a gene named ACAULIS5 ( ACL5 ) .
Polyamine analogues
The critical role of polyamines in cell growth has led to the development of a number of agents that interfere with polyamine metabolism . These agents are used in cancer therapy . Polyamine analogues upregulate p53 in a cell leading to restriction of proliferation and apoptosis . It also decreases the expression of estrogen receptor alpha in ER-positive breast cancer .
References
External links
Polyamines in cell cycle proliferation and cell death
Ornithine Decarboxylase : Expression and regulation in rat brain and in transgenic mice , 2002 , Pekka Kilpelainen , Department of Biochemistry , University of Oulu . Extensive review of literature through 2001 on polyamine structure , properties , metabolism in mammals , and physiological and pathophysiological roles ( See article Table of Contents )
Plant hormones
Sören Carlsson ( born 29 July 1953 ) is a Swedish water polo player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
References
1953 births
Living people
Swedish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Sweden
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Gothenburg
Matthew Steven Gould ( born 20 August 1971 ) is a British civil servant who is CEO of NHSX , the body which oversees digital policy and programmes in NHS England . They were Ambassador to Israel ( 2010–15 ) and Director General for Digital and Media Policy in the Department for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport ( 2015–19 ) .
Early life
Gould is descended from Polish Jews who immigrated to the United Kingdom before World War II . Their grandfather changed the family name from Goldkorn to Gould .
Gould grew up in Wembley , London and was educated at Orley Farm School , Harrow before moving to St. Paul 's School , where they were a contemporary of George Osborne , Patrick Neate , and Ed Vaizey .
After St Paul 's they spent a year teaching at Nyarukunda Secondary School in Northern Zimbabwe , with the organisation Project Trust . They then went to Peterhouse , Cambridge , where they read philosophy and divinity . During this time , they spent a summer in Tanzania with the environmental NGO Frontier , and subsequently published an article on `` Termite Feeding Preferences '' in the academic journal Sociobiology .
Foreign Office , 1993–2010
After joining the British Foreign Office in 1993 , Gould initially served as Assistant Desk Officer ( NATO/Bosnia ) , Security Policy Department until 1994 ; and then as Second Secretary in Manila in charge of political affairs and press from 1994 to 1997 .
In Manila , Gould launched a programme of co-operation between Britain and the Philippines to combat child abuse , which included bringing detectives from the UK to run training courses for Filipino police officers . They were awarded the MBE for this work in the 1997 New Year 's Honours list , at age 26 . Gould was in Manila when Robin Cook visited as Foreign Secretary . Gould wrote a speech for Cook , and was immediately appointed by them as their speechwriter , which they did from 1997 to 1999 . During this period , Gould coordinated and led a group of young FCO officials keen to reform the FCO . Initially known as the Young Turks , the project led to the Foresight Report – a major internal review of how the FCO worked . The report was widely credited with helping the FCO to modernise itself and develop new and more open working practices .
Gould served as Deputy Head of the FCO 's Consular Division from 1999 to 2001 . In this time , they worked with Baroness Scotland , then Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State , to create a more effective and active approach to the practice of forced marriage . Gould established a new unit in the FCO tasked with combatting forced marriage and helping its victims . From 2002 to 2003 , they were a Political Counsellor in Islamabad . From 2003 to 2005 , Gould was Deputy Head of Mission in Tehran , and Chargé d'Affaires ( acting Ambassador ) for six months of this time . In June 2004 , the Iranian Revolutionary Guard arrested six Royal Marines and two Royal Navy sailors on the Shaatt al Arab waterway , and held them for three days . Gould was sent to Khuzestan to negotiate their release , and flew back with them to Tehran .
From 2005 to 2007 , Gould was Foreign and Security Policy Counsellor and the Representative of the Joint Intelligence Committee in Washington , DC . Afterwards , from April to July 2007 , Gould was Private Secretary for Foreign Affairs to the Prime Minister , initially with Tony Blair and then under Gordon Brown .
They were Principal Private Secretary to the Foreign Secretary from July 2007 to July 2010 , running the office of David Miliband for almost all the latter 's time as Foreign Secretary , and then of William Hague for the first few months that they were in office .
As Ambassador to Israel
In September 2010 , Gould took up the post of British ambassador to Israel , and served in that role until 2015 . They were the first Jew in the post , and spoke of their pride in the position on a number of occasions .
In a video message that coincided with their arrival in Israel , Gould outlined their three goals : Explaining Israel to Britain ; explaining Britain to Israel and forging a strong partnership between the two . Gould said , “ I need to give a strong message from Britain that as Israel goes down the difficult path to peace , Israel is n't alone. ” They also said , “ Britain is very clear : We regard Israel as an important strategic partner. ” Before they were ambassador , Gould was involved in a number of secret meetings organised by Denis MacShane , involving himself , Liam Fox and Adam Werritty . The Foreign Office said in response that `` The FCO has total confidence that Matthew Gould has acted appropriately at all times and at no stage was they acting independently , or out of line with government policy . ''
In November 2011 , in discussing religious faith and diplomats , Middle East Minister Alistair Burt said that `` there is absolutely no reason why our ambassador to Israel should not be Jewish . Any allegations about Matthew Gould 's conduct are utterly unsubstantiated . They are a first-class ambassador . '' Douglas Alexander , the Shadow Foreign Secretary , said : `` The faith of any British diplomat is irrelevant to their capability to their job . To make suggestions otherwise is wrong and offensive . On a personal note I know from my time in government Matthew Gould embodies all that is good in British diplomacy . ''
Holocaust survivors initiative
In 2011 , Gould and wife Celia , together with then-Israeli ambassador to London Ron Prosor , launched an appeal in the UK Jewish community to raise money to aid Holocaust survivors in Israel . Approximately half of the £2 million goal has been raised , and six social clubs for survivors are being set up around Israel . The first was officially opened in February 2012 , in the presence of Israeli Welfare Minister Moshe Kahlon .
Israel and Iran 's nuclear threat
Gould told the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz in November 2011 that efforts at preventing a nuclear program in Iran are continuing and that `` The U.K. and Israel stay in very close touch about the threat from Iran . ''
Israel 's `` Boycott bill ''
Following the passage by the Israeli Knesset in July 2011 of the `` Boycott Bill '' , which allows Israeli citizens to sue organisations or persons calling for a boycott against Israel or parts of Israel , and forbids the government from funding such organisations , Gould told the Israeli daily Maariv newspaper , `` We are concerned about the passing of this law , which damages the legitimate right to freedom of speech , and which conflicts with the strong Israeli tradition of lively and vigorous political debate . ''
In November 2011 , they warned Israeli MK Ophir Akunis that the passage of a bill that would limit foreign funding to human rights organisations , would `` reflect badly on Israel in the international community '' .
Gould has also spoken at major conferences to urge Israel to ensure it is living up to its founding vision of a nation for all its citizens , saying that if Israel 's prosperity is to be sustainable , it needs to harness the economic potential of all its communities – including the Arab community of Israel .
Promoting Israeli and UK hi-tech
In October 2010 , Gould and the British Embassy in Israel officially launched the UK-Israel Technologies Hub . The Hub is tasked with forging a tech partnership between the two countries . The goal is to position the UK as a natural partner of choice for Israel in technology , and ensure the UK market can make full use of the breadth and quality of Israeli R & D and innovation . The former CEO of NICE Systems and Director-General of the Israeli Finance Minister Haim Shani serves as the Hub 's non-executive chairperson . The Hub focuses on three major areas in particular : digital , bio-medical , and clean tech . The Hub is `` unique as the team is the only dedicated group in the world promoting high-tech cooperation from inside an embassy '' .
Israeli-UK science initiatives
Gould has been involved in a number of groundbreaking projects aimed at strengthening relations between the two countries : this includes the revamped BIRAX Regenerative Medicine Initiative , through which £10 million will be invested in 15 major UK-Israel research projects over a five-year period . The initiative was officially launched at a conference at Israel 's Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in November 2011 , which drew 250 experts in the field , including 60 British scientists from 20 different universities .
International community support for Israel
Gould said in an interview in August 2012 , `` Israelis might wake up in 10 years time and find out that suddenly the international community has changed , and that patience for continuing the status quo has reduced . '' Though these comments raised some criticism , Anshel Pfeffer , writing in Haaretz , said , `` not only is Gould not betraying their roots , they are doing the Jews of Britain a huge favor , '' saying that this will give strength to those British Jews who wish to say something critical of Israel but at the same time show support for Israel . According to an article in the Jewish Chronicle of London , an `` Israeli Foreign Ministry source said privately that it was a pity more diplomats did not say what Mr Gould had said . ''
Encouraging Jewish partnership with Oxfam
Gould said in January 2013 , that supporters of Israel in Britain should do more to engage with critics of Israel , saying `` If the friends of Israel only engage with those who already agree with them , they will find it difficult to win the argument . '' This came on the heels of a controversial partnering between the British Board of Deputies , which represents the UK 's Jewish community , with Oxfam , which has been criticised for being anti-Israel .
They were appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George ( CMG ) in the 2014 Birthday Honours for services to British interests in Israel , particularly trade and investment scientific and technological co-operation .
Cabinet Office and DCMS , 2015–2019
In late 2015 , Gould was described as Director of Cybersecurity and Information Assurance at the Cabinet Office .
In March 2016 , they were listed as director of the European and Global Issues Secretariat , part of the Cabinet Office which coordinates policy on international trade and development . This role probably ceased when the unit was reorganised in June 2016 under Olly Robbins , in connection with the UK 's relationship with the European Union .
In October 2016 , Gould became the government 's first Director General for Digital and Media , based in the Department for Culture , Media and Sport ( DCMS ) . In this role , which they held until May 2019 , they worked on policies for connectivity , digital skills and growth of digital companies . The unit 's remit was widened in March 2018 to cover open data , data ethics and data sharing . In March 2019 , Gould described and defended the unit 's role when they appeared before the Science and Technology Select Committee during its enquiry into digital government .
NHSX
In May 2019 , Gould was appointed as the first chief executive of NHSX , which oversees digitisation of NHS England and commissions projects from NHS Digital and other bodies . NHSX came to public notice in April 2020 after it commissioned NHS COVID-19 , a contact tracking app to monitor the spread of COVID-19 , which was later dropped by the UK government in favour of an Apple/Google-developed alternative .
Michael Gove , Cabinet Office minister , described Gould as an `` inspirational public servant '' when replying to questions on the app in the Commons in April 2020 .
Personal life
Gould married Celia Leaberry in 2009 , and their first daughter was born at the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center in April 2011 . Their second daughter was also born in Israel , in May 2013 . They lived at the British Ambassador 's official residence in Ramat Gan with three cats and two dogs .
Gould received an honorary doctorate from Ben Gurion University in December 2012 .
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
20th-century diplomats
21st-century diplomats
Alumni of Peterhouse , Cambridge
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Israel
Ben-Gurion University of the Negev alumni
British Jews
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
English people of Polish-Jewish descent
Members of HM Diplomatic Service
Members of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at St Paul 's School , London
People from Wembley
Principal Private Secretaries to the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs
20th-century British diplomats
21st-century British diplomats
Country Versatile is the debut album released by rap group , Dirty . It was independently released on July 13 , 1999 through Nfinity Music .
Track listing
`` Dirty Niggaz '' - 3:51
`` Vogues/Cadillac Anthem '' - 3:50
`` Young Niggaz '' - 4:20
`` All I Do '' - 5:23
`` Dirt I Bleed '' - 5:09
`` Ride '' - 6:09
`` What They Really Want '' - 4:36
`` Pimp and Gangsta '' - 6:33
`` Dirty Gul '' - 5:09
`` Deep '' - 4:52
`` South West '' - 5:37
`` Twerk Sum '' - :49
`` Really , Real '' - 4:01
`` Dirty Luv '' - 4:58
1999 debut albums
Dirty ( group ) albums
Ypsolopha nella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae . It is known from the United States , including Arizona and Utah .
The wingspan is about 21 mm .
The antennae are white with narrow sharp black annulations . The labial palpi are dark canary yellow and the short terminal joint light yellow . The face and head are whitish-yellow and the thorax is fawn brown . The forewings are fawn brown with a faint central streak running from the base to the middle of the cell . It is canary yellow and with apical part of costal edge touched with yellow . At the base , just above the yellow streak , start three narrow longitudinal lines of bluish-white scales , each of which has the central part black . At the end of the cell , the lowest of these lines divides into several , following the apical veins . On the fold is a similar but not so well defined line of white black-spotted scales . The entire wing has strong violet reflections . The hindwings are rather dark purplish fuscous and the legs and underside of the body are golden white , sprinkled with black .
The larvae feed on Abies species .
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Two Liberty ships were named William A. Dobson . Both were launched in 1944 so they are disambiguated by month of launch .
Ship names
Julianów may refer to :
Julianów , Kutno County in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Julianów , Łowicz County in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Julianów , Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Julianów , Opoczno County in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Julianów , Rawa County in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Julianów , Tomaszów Mazowiecki County in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Julianów , Ryki County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Julianów , Kielce County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship ( south-central Poland )
Julianów , Końskie County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship ( south-central Poland )
Julianów , Gmina Ożarów in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship ( south-central Poland )
Julianów , Gmina Tarłów in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship ( south-central Poland )
Julianów , Gmina Belsk Duży in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Julianów , Gmina Błędów in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Julianów , Mińsk County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Julianów , Gmina Piaseczno in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Julianów , Gmina Góra Kalwaria in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Julianów , Gmina Tarczyn in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Julianów , Zwoleń County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Julianów , Silesian Voivodeship ( south Poland )
Terry L. Bullard is a United States Air Force brigadier general ( Special Agent ) and currently the 19th Commander of the Air Force Office of Special Investigations ( AFOSI ) , Quantico , Virginia . As the AFOSI Commander , Bullard derives their independent criminal and counterintelligence investigative and operational authorities directly from the Secretary of the Air Force and executes the Field Operating Agency 's mission through a network of over 3,000 Total Force Airmen assigned to major Air Force installations and a variety of operating locations worldwide .
Education
Bullard is a distinguished graduate of the Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps at The Citadel . They hold a Master of Forensic Science from George Washington University , a Master of Military Operational Art and Science from the Air Command and Staff College , and a Master of Strategic Studies from the Air War College . Bullard is also a graduate of Squadron Officer School , Armed Forces Institute of Pathology , and The Kenan-Flagler Business School .
Military career
Bullard entered the United States Air Force in July 1993 . They have served in a variety of AFOSI positions as a Special Agent , Operations Officer ( garrison and deployed ) , Forensic Science Specialist , Joint Staff Officer , two-time Detachment Commander in overseas locations in the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command and U.S. European Command areas of responsibility , a Squadron Commander , and Region Commander , and has taught on the faculty of Air University in both the Research and Strategy Departments . Additionally , Bullard has deployed five times throughout the U.S. Central Command ( USCENTCOM ) area of responsibility in a variety of positions . They have served at the tactical level conducting counterintelligence-related activities , at the operational level as the Deputy J2X Forward , USCENTCOM , and as Commander , 24th Expeditionary Field Investigations Squadron . Prior to their current position , the general was the Vice Commander , Headquarters AFOSI , Quantico , Virginia .
AFOSI appointment
Bullard became the 19th Commander of AFOSI during a change of command ceremony at the Fort Belvoir , Virginia , Officer 's Club , May 16 , 2019 . They accepted the reins of responsibility and leadership for the Air Force 's federal law enforcement , criminal investigations and counterintelligence enforcement agency from the 18th Commander , Colonel Kirk B. Stabler . Earlier that day , then Col. Bullard was accorded their promotion ceremony to brigadier general , and Lt. Gen. Sami D. Said , The Inspector General of the Air Force was the presiding officer over both ceremonies .
Assignments
September 1993 – July 1996 , Special Agent , AFOSI Detachment 111 , Edwards AFB , Calif .
July 1996 – July 1998 , Operations Officer , AFOSI Detachment 209 and Chief , Detachment 209 OL-A , Headquarters Eighth Air Force , Barksdale AFB , La .
July 1998 – July 2000 , Commander , AFOSI Detachment 601 , Hickam AFB , Hawaii
July 2000 – September 2001 , Student , Air Force Institute of Technology , George Washington University , Washington , D.C. , and Forensic Medicine Fellow , Armed Forces Institute of Pathology , Rockville , Md .
September 2001 – July 2004 , Chief , Forensic Science Branch , AFOSI Detachment 303 , Travis AFB , Calif .
July 2004 – July 2005 , student , Air Command and Staff College , Maxwell AFB , Ala .
July 2005 – September 2006 , Deputy J2X-Forward and Counterintelligence Coordinating Authority-Qatar , Camp As Saliyah , Qatar
September 2006 – July 2009 , Commander , AFOSI Detachment 512 , Lakenheath – Mildenhall , United Kingdom
July 2009 – July 2012 , AFOSI Command Chair , Air University , and Student , Air War College , Maxwell AFB , Ala .
July 2012 – July 2013 , Commander , AFOSI 24th Expeditionary Field Investigations Squadron and Director , AFOSI Special Staff , Headquarters AFCENT , Al Udeid AB , Qatar
July 2013 – June 2014 , Vice Commander , AFOSI 2nd Field Investigations Region , Joint Base Langley-Eustis , Va .
June 2014 – May 2017 , Commander , AFOSI 2nd Field Investigations Region , Joint Base Langley-Eustis , Va .
July 2010 – July 2012 , Chief , Commander 's Action Group , Headquarters Air Force Office of Special Investigations , Andrews AFB , Md . and Quantico , Va .
May 2017 – May 2019 , Vice Commander , Headquarters AFOSI , Quantico , Va .
May 2019 – present , Commander , Headquarters AFOSI , Quantico , Va .
Joint Assignments
July 2005 – September 2006 , Deputy J2X-Forward and Counterintelligence Coordinating Authority-Qatar , Camp As Saliyah , Qatar , as a Major
Effective dates of promotion
Major awards and decorations
Bullard is the recipient of the following :
See also
List of Commanders of the Air Force Office of Special Investigations
References
Notes
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Air War College alumni
Brigadier generals
Columbian College of Arts and Sciences alumni
UNC Kenan–Flagler Business School alumni
United States Air Force Office of Special Investigations
United States Air Force officers
The Europe/Africa Zone was one of three groups of Davis Cup competition in 2006 .
Group I
Group II
Group III
Venue 1
Venue : Teniski Klub MLADOST , Banja Luka , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( clay )
Date : 19–23 July
( scores in italics carried over )
Monaco and Estonia promoted to Group II in 2007 .
Armenia and Andorra relegated to Group IV in 2007 .
Venue 2
Venue : BTA Centre ( Notswane Courts ) , Gaborone , Botswana
Date : 26–30 July
( scores in italics carried over )
Denmark and Nigeria promoted to Group II in 2007 .
Botswana and Rwanda relegated to Group IV in 2007 .
Group IV
Venue : Marsa Sports Club , Marsa , Malta ( hard )
Date : 19–23 July
( scores in italics carried over )
Mauritius , Madagascar , Iceland , and San Marino promoted to Group III in 2007 .
See also
Davis Cup structure
Europe Africa
Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone
Olympic Club Bukavu Dawa is a football club in Bukavu , Democratic Republic of Congo and currently playing in the Linafoot , the top level of professional football in DR Congo and they play at 10,000 capacity Stade de la Concorde .
History
Founded in 1951 Bukavu Dawa won the Coupe du Congo one time in 2008 editions . and competed in the CAF Confederation Cup in 2007 and 2009 .
Honours
Coupe du Congo
Winners ( 1 ) : 2008
Linafoot Ligue 2
Winners ( 1 ) : 2018–19
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Confederation Cup : 2 appearances
2007 – First Round
2009 – Preliminary Round
References
External links
Bukavu Dawa club logo
Bukavu
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Andreas Gretschnig ( born 16 December 1960 ) is an Austrian footballer . They played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1984 to 1986 .
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Association footballers not categorized by position
Cephalaspis ( meaning `` head shield '' ) is a possibly monotypic genus of extinct osteostracan agnathan vertebrate . It was a trout-sized detritivorous fish that lived in the early Devonian .
Description
Like its relatives , Cephalaspis was heavily armored , presumedly to defend against predatory placoderms and eurypterids , as well as to serve as a source of calcium for metabolic functions in calcium-poor freshwater environments . It had sensory patches along the rim and center of its head shield , which were used to sense for worms and other burrowing organisms in the mud .
Diet
Because its mouth was situated directly beneath its head , Cephalaspis was thought of as being a bottom-feeder , akin to a heavily armoured catfish or sturgeon . It moved its plow-like head from side to side , Cephalaspis easily stirring sand and dust into the water , along with revealing the hiding places of its prey , digging up worms or crustaceans hidden in the mud and algae , as well as sifting through detritus ( inferred from its lack of jaws and inability to bite ) .
Classification
The genus Cephalaspis has long been used as a wastebasket taxon since Agassiz erected it in 1835 for four species , C. lyelli , C. rostratus , C. lewisi and C. lloydi . Later , it was eventually determined that the last three species were portions of what would eventually be described as the heterostracan Pteraspis rostratus . C. lyelli , named after Sir Charles Lyell , would be left to be the type species of the genus . Other researchers would continue adding other similar-looking osteostracans throughout the decades until , in 2009 , Sansom reevaluated Osteostraci , and determined that only C. lyelli could be reliably placed within Cephalaspis , and that probably all other species would eventually need to be reexamined and be placed into other genera . In the same 2009 study , Sansom also determined that Cephalaspis sensu stricto was the sister-taxon of cornuate osteostracans , i.e. , all osteostracans that either have , or have ancestors that had defined corners on the head-shields .
Included species
The following is a list of species that have been included into Cephalaspis ; most likely do not belong to the genus , but have not been formally moved .
†Cephalaspis lyelli ( Agassiz , 1835 ) ( type species )
† '' Cephalaspis '' aarhusi ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' agassizi ( Lankester , 1868 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' brevirostris ( Denison , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' broughi ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
†Cephalaspis cradleyensis ( Stensiö , 1932 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' dissimulata ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' doryphorus ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' fletti ( Stensiö , 1932 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' fraticornis ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' hyperboreus ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' lankestri ( Stensiö , 1932 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' lornensis ( Traquair , 1899 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' microlepidota ( Balabai , 1962 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' novaescotiae ( Denison , 1955 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' platycephalus ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' producta ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' recticornis ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' spinifer ( Stensiö , 1923 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' tenuicornis ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' verrulosa ( Wangsjö , 1952 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' websteri ( Stensiö , 1932 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' whitbachensis ( Stensiö , 1932 )
† '' Cephalaspis '' wyomingensis ( Denison , 1952 )
Species of Cephalaspis that have been reassigned
†Cephalaspis corystis ( Wangsjö , 1952 ) = Machairaspis corystis
†Cephalaspis excellens ( Wangsjö , 1952 ) = Waengsjoeaspis excellens
†Cephalaspis elegans ( Balabai , 1962 ) = Zychaspis siemiradzkii
†Cephalaspis hastata ( Wangsjö , 1952 ) = Machairaspis hastata
†Cephalaspis hoeli ( Stensiö , 1927 ) = Mimetaspis hoeli
†Cephalaspis ibex ( Wangsjö , 1952 ) = Machairaspis ibex
†Cephalaspis jarviki ( Wangsjö , 1952 ) = Diademaspis jarviki
†Cephalaspis magnifica ( Traquair , 1893 ) = Trewinia magnifica
†Cephalaspis microtuberculata ( Obruchev , 1961 ) = Escuminaspis laticeps
†Cephalaspis pagei ( Lankester , 1868 ) = Janaspis pagei
†Cephalaspis patteni ( Robertson , 1936 ) = Levesquaspis patteni
†Cephalaspis powriei ( Lankester , 1868 ) = Janaspis powriei
†Cephalaspis rosamundae ( Roberts , 1937 ) = Escuminaspis laticeps
†Cephalaspis rostrata ( Agassiz , 1835 ) = Pteraspis rostrata
†Cephalaspis salweyi ( Egerton , 1857 ) = Zenaspis salweyi
†Cephalaspis utahensis ( Branson & Mehl , 1931 ) = Camptaspis utahensis
Other miscellaneous species once assigned to Cephalaspis
†Cephalaspis abergavenniensis ( White , 1963 )
†Cephalaspis acuticornis ( Stensiö , 1927 )
†Cephalaspis billcrofti ( White & Toombs , 1983 )
†Cephalaspis campbelltonensis ( Whiteaves , 1881 )
†Cephalaspis cocculi ( MacGillivray , 1921 )
†Cephalaspis cwmmillensis ( White & Toombs , 1983 )
†Cephalaspis dawsoni ( Lankester , 1870 )
†Cephalaspis djurinensis ( Balabai , 1962 )
†Cephalaspis grabrielsei ( Dineley & Loeffler , ? )
†Cephalaspis isachseni ( Stensiö , 1927 )
†Cephalaspis jexi ( Traquair , 1893 )
†Cephalaspis peninsula ( Pageau , 1969 )
†Cephalaspis schrenckii ( Pander , ? )
†Cephalaspis sp . `` Forfar '' ( Trewin & Davidson , 1996 )
†Cephalaspis syndenhami ( Pageau , 1969 )
†Cephalaspis traquairi ( Stensio , ? )
†Cephalaspis uternaria ( ? )
†Cephalaspis vogti ( Stensiö , 1927 )
†Cephalaspis watneliei ( Stensiö , 1927 )
†Cephalaspis westolli ( Russell , 1954 )
References
Janvier , P ( 1996 ) Early Vertebrates Oxford University Press ;
Donoghue and Smith ( 2001 ) The anatomy of Turinia pagei ( Powrie ) , and the phylogenetic status of the Thelodonti , Transactions of the Royal Society of Edinburgh : Earth Sciences , 92 , p. 15-37
External links
Paleos Vertebrates
Fossil taxa described in 1835
Early Devonian fish of Europe
Osteostraci genera
Paleozoic life of New Brunswick
Paleozoic life of Nova Scotia
Paleozoic life of Quebec
The Monteiro-Mor Palace ( Portuguese : Palácio do Monteiro-Mor ) is a Portuguese palace located in Lisbon , Portugal .
History
Monteiro-Mor Palace is located in the Lumiar parish in Lisbon .
The name of the palace dates back to the 18th century when the High Huntsman of the Royal House ( Portuguese : Monteiro-Mor ) D. Henrique de Noronha and their wife D. Fernao Telles da Silva occupied the palace .
The Portuguese National Museum of Costume and Fashion is currently installed in the palace .
The palace is surrounded by an eleven hectare botanical garden .
Sources
Palácio do Monteiro-Mor
Palaces in Lisbon
Polyp may refer to :
Polyp ( zoology )
Polyp ( medicine )
Polyp ( cartoonist )
Yael Naim ( , born 6 February 1978 ) is a French-born Israeli singer and actor . They rose to fame in 2008 in the US after their hit single `` New Soul '' was used by Apple in an advertising campaign for its MacBook Air . The song peaked at No . 7 on the Billboard Hot 100 . In 2013 , the French government made them a knight of the .
Life and career
Yael Naim was born in Paris , France to Maghrebi Jewish immigrants from Tunisia . At the age of four , they moved with their family to Ramat HaSharon , Israel , where they spent the rest of their childhood . They served in the Israel Defense Forces as a soloist in the Israeli Air Force Orchestra .
They began their singing career with a part in the musical and their first solo album , In a Man 's Womb ( recorded in Los Angeles with Kamil Rustam ) , was released in 2001 . They also sang the song `` You Disappear '' by Bruno Coulais for the film Harrison 's Flowers . In their early work , they were credited simply as Yael . They also performed a duet with Din Din Aviv titled `` Mashmauyot '' . Them version of the Britney Spears song `` Toxic '' also garnered significant attention .
Naim joined with percussionist and , over a period of two years , they arranged and recorded thirteen of Naim 's songs in a studio in their apartment in Paris . These were released as their second album , Yael Naim , on 22 October 2007 , on the label . The songs are in French , English , and Hebrew and received critical acclaim . The album entered the French album chart at No . 11 the week after its release . Them style has been described as having a touch of folk and a touch of jazz , with mysterious and evocative words sung with a delicate and intentionally husky voice .
In January 2008 , Apple featured their song `` New Soul '' in its debut commercial for the MacBook Air laptop . Steve Jobs themselves picked the song for the launch of the laptop line . Owing to high U.S. digital sales , the song debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 for the chart week of 16 February 2008 , at No . 9 , becoming Naim 's first U.S. top ten single , and making them the first Israeli solo artist to ever have a top ten hit in the United States . `` New Soul '' moved up to No . 7 the following week . The song was also featured on the soundtrack of the movies The House Bunny and Wild Target . Them third album was released in November 2010 . The first single from this new record was `` Go to the River '' .
In 2016 , they won their second Female Artist of the Year award at , the French equivalent of the Grammys . They previously won the award in 2011 .
Personal life
They are married to , a Martiniquais musician , with whom they have two children .
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
2001 – `` You Disappear ''
2001 – `` Do I Do ''
2001 – `` Avril ''
2007 – `` Toxic '' ( SPAIN Peak # 35 )
2008 – `` Too Long ''
2009 – `` Far Far ''
2010 – `` Go to the River ''
2010 – `` The Only One ''
2011 – `` Come Home ''
2015 – `` Dream in My Head '' ( FRANCE Peak : # 77 )
2015 – `` Coward '' ( FRANCE Peak : # 123 )
Awards and nominations
Television
Naim 's voice was used in a Season 21 episode of The Simpsons , entitled `` The Greatest Story Ever D'ohed '' . They voiced Dorit , the niece of an Israeli tour guide named Jakob ( voiced by Sacha Baron Cohen ) .
Them single `` Come Home '' was in an episode of Season 7 of Grey 's Anatomy and in episode 6 of the ABC Family series Switched at Birth . Also , their cover of Irene Cara 's `` Flashdance ( What a Feeling ) '' was used in the promotion video of The Voice UK in 2014 .
Philanthropy
On 27 November 2015 , they participated together with Nolwenn Leroy and Camélia Jordana at the national memorial day for the victims of the November 2015 Paris attacks singing the song `` '' from Jacques Brel .
References
External links
Official website
Official blog
Yael Naim 's 'New Soul ' Review on Daily Music Guide
Official biography ( French )
`` Nice to meet you '' – article about Yael Naim on NRG.il ( Hebrew )
Yael Naim at NPR Music
`` Cinderella Song '' – Interview with Yael Naim in Ha'aretz by Tidhar Wald
1978 births
Living people
Actresses from Paris
Atlantic Records artists
English-language singers from France
English-language singers from Israel
French emigrants to Israel
20th-century French Sephardi Jews
French people of Tunisian-Jewish descent
French voice actores
21st-century Israeli women singers
Israeli voice actores
Israeli pop singers
Jewish folk singers
Musicians from Paris
People from Ramat HaSharon
Ukulele players
21st-century French women singers
Adaina primulacea is a moth of the family Pterophoridae . It is known from Taboga Island in the Gulf of Panama , Costa Rica and southern Florida , United States . It is probably widespread throughout the Neotropics , including the West Indies and Central and South America .
The length of the forewings is 6–7 mm for males and 7–8 mm for females . The forewings are straw‑yellow . The hindwings are yellow‑grey and the fringes are yellow‑white . Adults are on wing in September and December .
The larvae feed on Chromolaena odorata . First instar larvae mine young stems and shoots of their host plant , causing it to produce a gall . The later instars are stem borers , primarily within the galls . There are probably five larval instars . Pupation occurs within the hollowed-out gall chamber formed by larval feeding on gall tissue .
References
Moths described in 1929
Oidaematophorini
The 2017 Leitrim Senior Football Championship was the 111th edition of Leitrim GAA 's premier gaelic football tournament for senior clubs in County Leitrim , Ireland . The tournament consists of 12 teams , with the winner going on to represent Leitrim in the Connacht Senior Club Football Championship . The championship starts with a group stage and then progresses to a knock out stage .
Aughawillan were the defending champions after they defeated Glencar–Manorhamilton in the previous years final .
Ballinamore Seán O'Heslin 's made a return to the senior grade after 4 seasons in the Intermediate grade by winning the 2016 Leitrim Intermediate Football Championship .
Annaduff were relegated to the 2018 I.F.C . after losing the relegation final . They spent 16 years in the top-flight .
Team changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2016 championship season .
To S.F.C .
Promoted from 2016 Leitrim Intermediate Football Championship
Ballinamore Seán O'Heslin 's – ( Intermediate Champions )
From S.F.C .
Relegated to 2017 Leitrim Intermediate Football Championship
Kiltubrid
Group Stage
All 12 teams enter the competition at this stage . The top 4 teams in both groups proceed to the Quarter-Finals . The 5th and 6th placed teams in each group will enter a Relegation Playoff .
Group A
Round 1
Mohill 1-20 , 1-9 Aughawillan , 28/7/2017 ,
Melvin Gaels 1-16 , 0-7 Gortlettragh , 29/7/2017 ,
Ballinamore Seán O'Heslin 's 2-16 , 1-8 Allen Gaels , 30/7/2017 ,
Round 2
Ballinamore Seán O'Heslin 's 3-20 , 0-10 Gortlettragh , 4/8/2017 ,
Aughawillan 2-13 , 0-7 Allen Gaels , 5/8/2017 ,
Mohill 0-14 , 1-6 Melvin Gaels , 5/8/2017 ,
Round 3
Ballinamore Seán O'Heslin 's 3-11 , 0-13 Aughawillan , 11/8/2017 , Report
Mohill 0-12 , 0-6 Gortlettragh , 12/8/2016 , Report
Melvin Gaels 1-12 , 1-5 Allen Gaels , 12/8/2017 , Report
Round 4
Gortlettragh 2-8 , 0-3 Allen Gaels , 25/8/2017 , Report
Aughawillan 2-18 , 2-14 Melvin Gaels 26/8/2017 ,
Ballinamore Seán O'Heslin 's 1-14 , 0-12 Mohill , 26/8/2017 , Report
Round 5
Ballinamore Seán O'Heslin 's 2-13 , 0-12 Melvin Gaels , 2/9/2017 ,
Mohill 0-21 , 2-4 Allen Gaels , 2/9/2017 ,
Aughawillan 4-13 , 0-11 Gortlettragh , 2/9/2017 ,
Group B
Round 1
Annaduff 2-14 , 0-11 Bornacoola , 29/7/2017 ,
St. Mary 's Kiltoghert 2-14 , 0-7 Drumreilly , 29/7/2017 ,
Glencar–Manorhamilton 2-22 , 2-7 St. Patrick 's Dromahair , 30/7/2017 ,
Round 2
St. Mary 's Kiltoghert 2-16 , 0-9 Bornacoola , 5/8/2017 ,
Glencar–Manorhamilton 1-13 , 1-11 Annaduff , 5/8/2017 ,
Drumreilly 2-11 , 1-9 St. Patrick 's Dromahair , 5/8/2017 ,
Round 3
Bornacoola 2-11 , 0-13 Glencar–Manorhamilton , 12/8/2017 , Report
St. Mary 's Kiltoghert 4-17 , 1-3 St. Patrick 's Dromahair , 12/8/2017 , Report
Drumreilly 3-10 , 2-10 Annaduff , 12/8/2017 , Report
Round 4
Glencar–Manorhamilton 3-22 , 2-8 Drumreilly , 26/8/2017 , Report
Annaduff 1-16 , 2-10 St. Mary 's Kiltoghert , 26/8/2017 , Report
St. Patrick 's Dromahair 2-11 , 0-14 Bornacoola , 26/8/2017 , Report
Round 5
Drumreilly 2-10 , 1-7 Bornacoola , 2/9/2017 ,
St. Patrick 's Dromahair 3-13 , 0-10 Annaduff , 2/9/2017 ,
St. Mary 's Kiltoghert 0-10 , 0-10 Glencar–Manorhamilton , 2/9/2017 ,
Knock-Out Stage
Quarter-Finals
Semi-Finals
Final
Relegation Playoffs
Relegation Semi-Finals
Gortletteragh 1-12 , 1-9 Bornacoola , Carrigallen , 9/9/2017 ,
Allen Gaels 1-8 , 1-5 Annaduff , 10/9/2017 ,
Relegation Final
Bornacoola 2-12 , 2-10 Annaduff , Cloone , 24/9/2017 ,
Connacht Senior Club Football Championship
References
Leitrim Senior Football Championship
Leitrim Senior Football Championship
Raymond Hudson Dunn ( 21 June 1910 – 26 August 1971 ) was a noted lawyer and football administrator with VFL club Richmond . Ray Dunn was one of the towering figures at Richmond who laid the foundations for the club 's greatest era of success . An immensely successful defence lawyer who won many significant cases , Dunn devoted much of their spare time and energy to the Tigers over a period of almost forty years .
The son of a cop
Born at Geelong , Victoria , they were the second son of Victorian-born parents , police constable Thomas Dunn ( 1884–1953 ) and their wife Mary Ellen ( née Hudson ) . Tom Dunn had a distinguished police career after joining the force in 1906 . Intelligent and efficient , they were transferred to Russell Street headquarters in 1924 , and for the decade from 1927 , they successively worked as a special adviser and assistant to ( Sir ) Thomas Blamey and to Alexander Duncan . Awarded the Royal Victorian medal in 1934 , Tom Dunn retired as the state 's second-ranking police officer in June 1944 after 34 years ' service .
Their son Ray was sent to schools in Geelong and Essendon , and attended the University of Melbourne on a scholarship . They received an LL.B . in 1930 , an LL.M . two years later and in their final year was awarded the Supreme Court judges ' prize . Dunn married Marie Ellen Whelan at St Teresa 's Catholic Church , Essendon , in June 1934 . Together , the couple had two daughters . They later divorced and Dunn remarried in Sydney during 1951 . With their second wife , Kathleen Monica Patricia ( née Foster-Wightman ) , Dunn had a son , Michael , but this marriage also ended in divorce .
The Great Defender
Dunn was a distinctive figure around the magistrates ' courts of Melbourne - they were balding , plump , wore glasses and had a memorable , gravelly voice . They chose to remain a solicitor and declined all inducements to become a barrister . Despite this decision , Dunn built a reputation as one of the outstanding defence lawyers of their time . A man of stunning mental agility , they defended clients against police prosecutions of any type and specialised in gaming legislation . In 1967 , they forced the Victorian government to amend the Motor Car Act of 1958 , when they secured an acquittal for a truck driver accused of exceeding the blood alcohol limit .
Throughout their life , Dunn was closely associated with the police force , both in and out of the courtroom . They lectured on prosecution and criminal law in courses at the Detective Training School and the Victoria Police College , and acted as legal counsel for the police many times . Engaged by the Victoria Police Association to defend members who had been counter-summonsed by people that they had arrested , Dunn only lost twice in more than eighty such cases during the mid-1960s . For more than a decade , they worked part-time as a lecturer in criminal procedure at Melbourne University as well as the new law school at Monash University and at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology 's articled clerks ' course . They were highly sought-after as an after-dinner speaker .
Long association with Richmond
However , it was Dunn 's long service to the Richmond Football Club that brought them the most fame . They first became involved with the club in the 1930s through railwayman and Tiger player Martin Bolger . A vice-president from 1940 , Dunn formed Richmond 's first coterie group in 1963 . The following year , they were elected president with the specific brief to negotiate the move of the club 's home games to the Melbourne Cricket Ground for 1965 . From there , Dunn oversaw an era of great success , underwritten by the extra finances gained from the move and the efforts of the coterie . Under their administration , the Tigers broke a 24-year premiership drought in 1967 and followed up with another triumph two years later . Unfortunately , Dunn 's health then began to fail . They had battled diabetes since the early 1960s , and finally succumbed to a coronary occlusion on 26 August 1971 at their Metung holiday home . Survived by the three children of their two marriages , Dunn was buried in St Kilda Cemetery and their estate was sworn for probate at $ 239,264 . Dunn was granted life membership at Richmond in 1946 , and elected to the club 's hall of fame in 2002 .
References
Hetherington JA , Blamey ( Melb , 1954 )
Victoria Police Journal : 39 , no 12 , May 1970 p 303 ; 41 , no 5 , October 1971 , p 125
Argus ( Melbourne ) : 16 June 1944
Herald ( Melbourne ) : 1 June 1967 , 26 September 1969 , 26 August 1971
Age ( Melbourne ) : 27 August 1971
Australian : 27 August 1971
Sun News-Pictorial ( Melbourne ) : 27 August 1971
Presland G , 'Dunn , Raymond Hudson ( 1910–1971 ) ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 14 , Melbourne University Press , 1996 , pp 57–58
External links
Richmond Football Club - Hall of Fame
Lawyers from Melbourne
Richmond Football Club administrators
1910 births
1971 deaths
Swayamvar is a reality television show , where the contestants perform tasks and woe the hopeful bride/groom in return for their hand in marriage . It started airing in India with the Swayamvar Season 1 in 2009 and followed that with Swayamvar Season 2 ( 2010 ) . In February 2011 , Imagine TV announced the launch of the Swayamvar Season 3 .
The Swayamvar Season 3 started airing on Imagine TV from 30 May 2011 . The winner of Ratan Ka Rishta will get the bride/groom of the season 's hand in marriage .
The new series sees a new host and a new location for the show . The new host is television actor , Hiten Tejwani , while the new location for the TV show is Shiv Vilas Palace in Jaipur , Rajasthan .
Hosts
Ram Kapoor
Season 1 and 2 ( 2009-2010 )
Hiten Tejwani
Season 3 ( 2011 )
Ram Kapoor also appeared in Season 3 as a part-time host , whenever Hiten Tejwani was unable to appear for the show .
Prospective Bride/Groom
Rakhi Sawant
Season 1 ( 2009 )
Rahul Mahajan ( Reality TV Personality )
Season 2 ( 2010 )
Ratan Rajput
Season 3 ( 2011 )
Veena Malik
Season 4 ( Cancelled as the channel got shut )
Season 1
The winner of the first season of Swayamvar was Elesh Parujanwala , from Toronto , Ontario , Canada . The season was aired from 29 June 2009 to 2 August 2009 . Manas Katyal and Chitiz Jain of New Delhi were the two other finalists , while Manmohan Tiwari of Rishikesh and Luv Khanna of New Delhi came 4th and 5th respectively , in the competition .
The prospective bride for Swayamvar Season 1 was Bollywood dancer , actor , model and talk show host Rakhi Sawant . The first season was hosted by Ram Kapoor .
This was the only season where the winner did not marry the prospective bride . They got engaged during the finale and later split up after a couple of months . Rakhi Sawant later went on to host the highly controversial show Rakhi Ka Insaaf , while Elesh Parujanwala went on to appear in another highly controversial show , Pati Patni Aur Woh , alongside their then partner , Rakhi Sawant .
Manas Katyal , one of the finalists , went on to appear as a contestant on Zor Ka Jhatka : Total Wipeout , while Manmohan Tiwari went on to become a television actor and starred in many shows and TV serials including Armanon Ka Balidaan-Aarakshan and Jamunia .
Season 2
The winner of the second season of Swayamvar was Dimpy Ganguly from Kolkata . This season was aired from February to April , 2010 . Nikunj Malik of Faridabad and Harpreet Chabra of New Delhi were the 2 other finalists .
The prospective groom for Swayamvar Season 2 was reality TV personality and the son of Pramod Mahajan , Rahul Mahajan . The second season was also hosted by Ram Kapoor .
Dimpy Ganguly , the winner of the show , later , went on to become a contestant of Zor Ka Jhatka : Total Wipeout . They were eliminated in the first round of the show . Rahul Mahajan has gone on to appear in the hit reality show Comedy Circus . Both of them appeared in Bigg Boss 8 spin-off Halla Bol after separation to spice things up
Nikunj Malik , one of the finalists , went on to become an actor and has appeared in many TV shows including Geet ( TV series ) .
Season 3
The winner was announced in the final episode entitled `` Faisle Ki Raat '' . The prospective bride for Swayamvar Season 3 was Ratan Rajput , who is best known for their lead roles in the Indian soap Agle Janam Mohe Bitiya Hi Kijo as Laali , a poor village girl , who was sold by their parents . In the Indian television soap Radhaa Ki Betiyaan Kuch Kar Dikhayengi they played Ruchi Sharma , one of three daughters who are forced to start a new life in Mumbai . They belong to Patna and came to Mumbai to roam in the city . They had been called by a director and they had an audition and was selected for the new serial . This Swayamvar came to conclusion on 3 July 2011 . Ratan chose Abhinav Sharma as their groom and they got engaged . Though the couple have n't married , they announced that they are engaged . The relationship has since fallen apart .
Season 4
The promo for season 4 titled Swayamvar Veena ka Vivah were out but the show never went on floor as the channel was shut down . Pakistani actor Veena Malik was signed up for their Swayamvar .
About the prospective brides/grooms
Rakhi Sawant
Rakhi Sawant was the prospective bride of the first season . After the show , they caused huge controversy by splitting with the winner of the show , Elesh Parujanwala .
Rakhi Sawant is a dancer and actor , who has appeared in such films as Main Hoon Na and Dil Bole Hadippa ! . They have also appeared in reality shows such as Nach Baliye and Bigg Boss .
Rakhi Sawant is also very well known as the host of controversial chat show Rakhi Ka Insaaf . This show became prominent when a participant committed suicide after Rakhi had made comments about him , which made them lose their self-confidence .
Rahul Mahajan
Rahul Mahajan was the prospective groom of the second season . After the show , there had been reports that they had beaten their newly wedded wife Dimpy Mahajan . But , these proved to be false .
Rahul Mahajan is the son of prominent politician , Pramod Mahajan , who came to fame , when their father was shot by their uncle . Rahul Mahajan has been married once before to Shweta Singh , but they were divorced in 2008 .
Rahul Mahajan has appeared on many reality shows including Bigg Boss and Comedy Circus .
Ratan Rajput
Ratan Rajput was the prospective bride of the third season . They are a television actor , who has appeared in many shows including Radhaa Ki Betiyaan Kuch Kar Dikhayengi and Agle Janam Mohe Bitiya Hi Kijo . They are best known for their lead roles in the Indian show Agle Janam Mohe Bitiya Hi Kijo as Laali , a poor village girl , who was sold by their parents . In the Indian television show Radhaa Ki Betiyaan Kuch Kar Dikhayengi they played Ruchi Sharma , one of three daughters who are forced to start a new life in Mumbai . They belong to Patna and came to Mumbai to roam in the city . They had been called by a director and they had an audition and was selected for the new serial . This Swayamvar came to conclusion on 3 July 2011.Ratan chose Abhinav Sharma as their groom and they got engaged and they will get married soon . However , Ratan recently announced their breakup with Abhinav .
References
External links
Indian reality television series
101 Ways to Leave a Game Show is an American game show hosted by Jeff Sutphen . The series premiered on June 21 , 2011 , on ABC and ran for six episodes .
On June 9 , 2010 , ABC gave a greenlight for a pilot episode . On March 17 , 2011 , it was ordered to series by ABC . Matt Kunitz , the show 's executive producer had stated `` If we get a pickup , we 'll do at least 12 more episodes . ''
Rules
Main Game
The game featured eight players , but in this version , they were divided into two sets of four . Before the question is asked , the order of the contestants is determined with an educated guess question ( such as `` How many teeth does a lion have ? '' ) The one closest to the answer ( in this case , 30 ) gets the first choice of answers from four picks ( three in the second round ) , and the others in ascending order . If a player got an educated guess question exactly right , that contestant won a US $ 101 bonus .
The question ( in this case , name a person on Forbes highest earning dead celebrity list with the choices being Paul Newman , Dr. Seuss , Albert Einstein and George Steinbrenner ) is asked . For all answers , there is one incorrect answer ; all remaining answers ( three in round one , two in round two ) are correct . The player who picks last is locked into the one answer not chosen by the other players ; the person who picks the wrong answer ( in this case , Paul Newman ) is eliminated in spectacular fashion ( riding a biplane wing , pulled off a dock by a speedboat or blasted off in a chair rigged with an explosive device ) .
The Tower
The final round was staged on a platform that was above water . As in the preliminary rounds , an educated guess question is asked , and the closest to the number is first . Unlike the early rounds , only one answer is correct , and the others are wrong ( An example being `` According to Box Office Mojo , what movie sold the most tickets in the USA ? '' chosen among Star Wars , Titanic , Avatar and Gone with the Wind . ) The three incorrect answer choosers are dropped into the water , and the person who remains ( choosing Gone with the Wind ) won the US $ 50,000 grand prize and if the winning player got the educated question right then their total is $ 50,101 . Each episode features a different way in which the contestants fall into the water ( apart from the first episode and the last episode where the way of falling is the same ) .
Episodes
The 101 Ways to Leave a Game Show
Please note that although the title suggests there are 101 Ways used , only 25 were shown on the actual program .
References
External links
Official Website ( via Internet Archive )
2010s American reality television series
2011 American television series debuts
2011 American television series endings
American Broadcasting Company original programming
2010s American game shows
English-language television shows
Television series by Endemol
American television series based on British television series
Pyotr Dmitryevich Boborykin ( ; – 12 August 1921 ) was a Russian writer , playwright , and journalist .
Biography
Boborykin was born into the family of a landowner . They studied at Kazan State University and the Dorpat University , but they never completed their education . They made their debut as a playwright in 1860 . In 1863-1864 they published an autobiographical novel , The Pathway . They were the editor-publisher of the journal Library for Reading ( 1863–1865 ) , and simultaneously worked for the theatre magazine Russian Stage . They spent a long period abroad in the 1890s , where they met Émile Zola , Edmond de Goncourt and Alphonse Daudet . In 1900 they were elected an honorary member of the Russian Academy of Sciences .
Wife ( 1845-1925 ) , married in 1872 - Sophia Boborykina , Russian and French translator , writer , actor .
Works
Boborykin worked on the journals Notes of the Fatherland , The European Herald , The Northern Herald , Russian Thought , Artist and other publications . They were the author of numerous novels , novellas , short stories , plays , and works on the history of Western European and Russian literature . Their most famous works were the novels Evening Sacrifice ( 1868 ) , Dealers ( 1872–1873 ) , Kitay-Gorod ( 1882 ) , Vasily Tyorkin ( 1892 ) , Thirst ( 1898 ) , the story Wiser ( 1890 ) , and the comedy The Scale ( 1899 ) .
The wide use of the term `` intelligentsia '' in Russian culture began in the 1860s , when Boborykin first used it in the press . They explained that the term was borrowed from German culture , where it was used to describe the part of society which is engaged in intellectual activity . They added a special meaning to the term : the definition of intellectuals as representatives of `` high intellectual and ethical culture , '' and not simply `` knowledge workers '' . In their view , the Russian intelligentsia was a special moral and ethical phenomenon . Intellectuals in this sense were representatives of different professional groups , different political beliefs , but with a common spiritual and moral foundation . The use of the term `` intelligentsia '' in this sense was regarded as purely Russian by westerners .
The novel Kitay-Gorod was one of Boborykin 's most famous works . It was originally conceived as a study on the life and mores of the inhabitants of Kitay-gorod . This work is interesting not only from an artistic , but also from a historical point of view . In the novel , they describe with almost scientific precision the details of merchant life ; culinary preferences , daily duties , and the customs of merchants and nobles against the backdrop of anticipated social and political change . Their main task is the treatment of the historical role of Moscow in the last third of the nineteenth century . Boborykin was also credited with inventing the snack salad `` Erundopel '' ( Ерундопель ) , first introduced in the pages of Kitay-Gorod .
External links
Boborykin 's works from Lib.ru ( Russian )
References
1836 births
1921 deaths
Writers from Nizhny Novgorod
People from Nizhegorodsky Uyezd
Russian male novelists
Russian male dramatists and playwrights
Russian male short story writers
Russian journalists
Russian magazine publishers ( people )
Russian magazine editors
University of Tartu alumni
Honorary members of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences
Kazan Federal University alumni
An extensometer is a device that is used to measure changes in the length of an object . It is useful for stress-strain measurements and tensile tests . Its name comes from `` extension-meter '' . It was invented by Charles Huston who described it in an article in the Journal of the Franklin Institute in 1879 . Huston later gave the rights to Fairbanks & Ewing , a major manufacturer of testing machines and scales .
Types
There are two main types of extensometers : contact and non-contact .
Contact
Contact extensometers have been used for many years and are also subdivided into two further categories . The first type of contact extensometer is called a clip-on extensometer . These devices are used for applications where high precision strain measurement is required ( most ASTM based tests ) . They come in many configurations and can measure displacements from very small to relatively large ( less than a mm to over 100 mm ) . They have the advantage of lower cost and ease of use , however they can influence small / delicate specimens .
For automated testing clip-on devices have been largely replaced by digital `` sensor arm '' extensometers . These can be applied to the specimen automatically by a motorized system and produce much more repeatable results than the traditional clip-on devices . They are counterbalanced and so have negligible effect on the specimen . Better linearity , reduced signal noise and synchronization with the corresponding force data are big advantages due to the lack of analogue to digital converters and associated filters which add time lags and smooth the raw data . In addition these devices can remain on the specimen until failure and measure very high extensions ( up to 1000 mm ) without losing any accuracy . These devices typically have resolutions of 0.3 µm or better ( the highest quality devices can read values as low as 0.02 µm ) and have sufficient measurement accuracy to meet class 1 and 0.5 of ISO 9513 .
Non-contact
For certain special applications , non-contact extensometers are beginning to bring advantages where it is impractical to use a feeler arm or contact extensometer .
Laser
A is an extensometer capable of performing strain or elongation measurements on certain materials when they are subjected to loading in a tensile testing machine . The principle works by illuminating the specimen surface with a laser , the reflections from the specimen surface are then received by a CCD camera and processed by complex algorithms . When using a laser extensometer it is not necessary to attach marks to the specimen , bringing substantial time savings for material testing laboratories .
Resolutions less than one micrometer ( typically 0.1 μm ) and elongations up to 900 mm can be achieved , which renders these devices suitable for the most complex testing .
Laser extensometers are used primarily for materials which may damage a traditional `` clip-on '' extensometer , or where the mass of the clip on device affects the material properties , due to being physically attached to the specimen .
Laser extensometers can also be used for testing at elevated or sub zero temperatures .
Video
A is a device that is capable of performing stress/strain measurements of certain materials , by capturing continuous images of the specimen during test , using a frame grabber or a digital video camera attached to a PC . The specimen of the material under test is usually cut in a specific shape and is marked with special markers ( usually special stickers or with pens that distinguishes the marker from the specimen color and texture in the captured image ) .The pixel distance between these markers in the captured image are constantly tracked in the captured video , while the specimen under test is stretched / compressed . This pixel distance can be measured in real time and mapped against a calibration value to give a direct strain measurement , and to control the testing machine in strain control , if required .
With a proper calibration value and good image processing algorithms , resolution of much less than one micrometre ( μm ) can be achieved . Proper calibration value also depends on the calibration specimen which is usually a specially etched material with great precision . To calibrate , pictures are first captured with the calibration specimen under the same testing conditions to be used for the new specimen .
Video extensometers are used primarily for materials which may damage a traditional contact or digital `` feeler arm '' extensometer . In some applications the video extensometer is replacing mechanical measurement units - but this is mainly clip-on devices .
When measuring the modulus of elasticity on 50 mm gauge length plastics to ISO 527 an accuracy of 1 µm is required . Some video extensometers can not achieve this , whilst for production testing it is better to use automated motorized digital extensometry to avoid operators manually attaching marks to the specimen , and spending time setting and adjusting the system . Note that some video extensometers have difficulty in achieving acceptable results when used to measure strain within temperature chambers .
For applications demanding high accuracy , non-contact strain measurement , video extensometers are a proven solution . In certain test applications they are superior to other technologies , such as laser speckle because of the ability to measure strain over a large range . This allows measurements such as modulus to be determined as well as strain at failure .
Changing of ambient light conditions during the test can affect the test results if the video extensometer does not utilize appropriate filters both over the lighting array and lens . Systems with this technology remove all effects of ambient lighting conditions .
Mining
In the mining environment , extensometers are used to measure displacements on batters/highwalls . Plotting displacement vs time enables Geotechnical engineers to determine if wall failures are imminent . For complicated failures , further equipment such as radar or laser scans are used enabling 3-dimensional and ultimately 4-dimensional analysis .
Groundwater and Aquifers
Extensometers can be used in measuring the compaction of aquifers as well as the expansion of them . Ergometers can provide significant data of depth , rate and extent of compaction . This consistent data collecting a clear picture of subsidence in areas can be noted .
Standards
ASTM E83 Standard Practice for Verification and Classification of Extensometers
ASTM D4403 Standard Practice for Extensometers Used in Rock
See also
Compressometer
References
Huston , Charles . `` The Effect of Continued and Progressively Increasing Strain upon Iron '' , Journal of the Franklin Institute , Vol . 107 , No . 1 , January 1879 , pp . 41–44 .
Further reading
Tensile testing , edited by J.R. Davis . 2nd ed . Materials Park , Ohio : ASM International , 2004. pp . 77–82 . .
Dimensional instruments
Materials testing
de : Dehnungssensor
Ammos ( ) is a settlement on the island of Othonoi , Greece . Ammos is the main port of the island . Ammos is the most populous settlement with small guesthouses , restaurants , rent-a-bike store , cafes , police station , community clinic with ambulance and port authority . There are also the Holy Trinity church ( Greek : Εκκλησία Αγίας Τριάδος ) ( 1892 ) , the School of Othonoi ( 1912 ) , the monument to the seafarers of Othonoi , and the monument to the World War II-era submarine Protefs .
References
Populated places in Corfu ( regional unit )
Villages in Greece
Othonoi
Jiang Jin ( ; born October 17 , 1968 in Tianjin ) is a former Chinese international football goalkeeper .
They were the first-choice goalkeeper for China during the 2002 FIFA World Cup . Along with their older brother Jiang Hong they also became a goalkeeper and started their career playing for Bayi Football Team before moving to Tianjin Teda , Shanghai International and Shanghai Stars . After a short stint as an assistant coach for Shanghai Stars they moved away from football . On October 17 , 2010 they were detained by the police for their involvement in fixing a league game against Tianjin Teda F.C . on November 30 , 2003 . Subsequently they were sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on June 13 , 2012 .
Club career
Jiang Jin began their football career playing for Bayi Football Team during the 1987 league season and gradually established themselves within the team . During their time with Bayi it became a fully professional football team and despite finding it difficult to transition to professionalism , Jiang was a steady constant within the team . By the 1996 league season their consistency started to pay off when they aided Bayi to third position within the league , which led to an eventual call-up to the national team . While their international career grew from strength to strength , Bayi were struggling within the league until the team were relegated at the end of the end of the 1998 league season . Jiang stayed for a short period before joining Tianjin Teda where they remained for three seasons before joining the highly ambitious side Shanghai International in the 2003 league season that saw their side just miss out on the league title . The next season saw them only make sixteen league appearances and being dropped from being the first choice goalkeeper . This led to Jiang joining second-tier side Shanghai Stars where they were offered an assistant post as well before they retired in 2007 .
International career
Jiang Jin was first called up to the senior China team in 1993 ; however they had to wait until October 31 , 1997 before they were given their chance to make their senior debut in 1998 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Qatar in a 3-2 defeat . Under Bobby Houghton Jiang was given an opportunity to establish themselves as the country 's first choice goalkeeper and it was during the 1998 Asian Games held in Bangkok that Jiang shone , by aiding the country to a third place finish and personally winning the “ Asian best goalkeeper ” award .
Match-fixing
On October 17 , 2010 , Jiang Jin was reported to have been detained by the police and was said to be involved in fixing the November 30 , 2003 league game against Tianjin Teda F.C . during their stint as a player at Shanghai International . The allegations suggested that their teammate Shen Si was bribed by former Tianjin Teda general manager Yang Yifeng with a total of 12 million Yuan to lose the game and that Shen had asked teammates Jiang Jin , Qi Hong and Li Ming ( 1975 ) to help him . After being arrested by the police , a lengthy wait for trial eventually saw Jiang Jin found guilty of match-fixing . They were sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on June 13 , 2012 and fined 500,000 Yuan along with their associates , except for Shen Si who was given six years .
Honours
As a player
Club
Bayi Football Team
Chinese FA Cup : 1990
Country
Football at the Asian Games : 1998 ( Bronze )
Individual
Asian Cup : 2000 Best Goalkeeper , All-Star Team
AFC Asian All Stars : 2000
References
External links
Player profile at the 2002 World Cup
1968 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Shanghai
China international footballers
2002 FIFA World Cup players
2000 AFC Asian Cup players
Bayi Football Team players
Tianjin Jinmen Tiger F.C . players
Beijing Renhe F.C . players
Pudong Zobon players
Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Mauro Valentini may refer to :
Mauro Valentini ( footballer , born 1964 ) , Italian footballer
Mauro Valentini ( footballer , born 1973 ) , Sammarinese footballer
{ { Infobox alpine ski racer
|name = Matthias Mayer
|image = Matthias Mayer January 2014.jpg
|image_size = 210
|caption = Mayer in January 2014
|disciplines = Downhill , Super-G , Combined , Giant slalom
|club = SC Gerlitzen – Kärnten
|birth_date =
|birth_place = Afritz am See , Carinthia , Austria
|death_date =
|death_place =
|height = 1.79 m
|wcdebut = 22 February 2009 ( age 18 )
|retired =
|website =
|wcseasons = 13 – ( 2009 , 2011–2022 )
|wcwins = 11 – ( 7 DH , 3 SG , 1 AC )
|wcpodiums = 43 – ( 21 DH , 21 SG , 1 AC )
|wcoveralls = 0 – ( 4th in 2020 )
|wctitles = 0 – ( 2nd in DH , 2021 )
|olympicteams = 3 – ( 2014 , 2018 , 2022 )
|olympicmedals = 4
|olympicgolds = 3
|worldsteams = 5 – ( 2013–2021 )
|worldsmedals = 0
|worldsgolds =
| show-medals = yes
| medaltemplates =
} }
Matthias Mayer ( ; born 9 June 1990 ) is an Austrian World Cup alpine ski racer and
Career
Born in Afritz am See in Carinthia , Mayer made their World Cup debut in Sestriere in February 2009 . Their best discipline is super-G. After several top ten finishes , their first World Cup podium came at Kitzbühel in a super-G in January 2013 .
At the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , Mayer won the downhill to become the seventh Austrian gold medalist in the 18th edition of the event . Joining them on the podium at Rosa Khutor were Christof Innerhofer of Italy and Kjetil Jansrud of Norway . Immediately after the Olympics , they had two podium finishes in Norway , and a victory at the World Cup finals . At the 2018 Winter Olympics , they won their second Olympic gold medal in the Super G. At the 2022 Winter Olympics they won a bronze medal in the downhill and successfully defended their title in the Super G. With three Olympic titles in addition to a bronze , they are Austria 's most decorated olympic alpine medalist of all time .
Personal life
Mayer 's father is Helmut Mayer ( b.1966 ) , the silver medalist in the first Olympic super-G in 1988 ; they also won a silver medal at the World Championships in 1989 , in the giant slalom
World cup results
Season standings
Race victories
11 wins – ( 7 DH , 3 SG , 1 AC )
43 podiums – ( 21 DH , 21 SG , 1 AC )
World Championship results
Olympic results
References
External links
Austrian Ski team – official site – Matthias Mayer – Head Skis – Matthias Mayer
– ``
1990 births
Austrian male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Austria
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in alpine skiing
Olympic gold medalists for Austria
Olympic bronze medalists for Austria
People from Sankt Veit an der Glan
Living people
Sportspeople from Carinthia ( state )
The High Country Cycle Challenge is a non competitive ride held near , Victoria , Australia .
The 2007 event consisted of a three-stage challenge including the ascent of Mount Buller .
The Scody High Country Challenge is a single day , non competitive road cycling event . In 2013 the event consisted of four rides of various length and difficulty , ranging between and . The rides all originate in Mansfield .
See also
Cycling in Victoria
References
Cycling in Victoria ( Australia )
Cycling events in Victoria
Ary and the Secret of Seasons is an action-adventure game developed by Belgian indie studio Exiin , ported on consoles by Fishing Cactus and published by Modus Games . The game was released on Microsoft Windows via Steam , and Xbox One , PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch on September 1 , 2020 , and Stadia on November 5 , 2020 .
Story
Ary and the Secret of Seasons follows the journey of a young girl named Aryelle , or Ary for short , across the magnificent world of Valdi . Ary has joined the Guardians of Seasons , an old organization traditionally ruled by men .
The game takes place in the world of Valdi , a world where each region is divided based on the four seasons . 1,000 years ago , an Evil Mage attempted to take over the world , but was stopped by the Legendary Warrior . In the current day , Ary is the daughter of the winter guardian , Gwenn . Ary 's older brother , Flynn , was the winter guardian apprentice , but disappeared sometime ago while with the spring guardian apprentice , Prince Crocus .
One day , gigantic red crystals crash from sky , changing the regional seasons into their opposite and sending the world into turmoil . The guardians are summoned to the Dome of Seasons to investigate the crisis . Ary decides to set out and take their brother 's place , as their father is still grieving Flynn 's disappearance . They disguise themselves as a boy and take their father 's orb of winter . With it , they can turn
their surroundings to ice and snow .
They travel from their village to the guardian 's temple , known as the Dome of Seasons , where the other 3 guardians are discussing the crisis . They find they have been knocked out by a masked assailant , who stole the fall and spring orbs . Ary recovers the summer guardian 's orbs , and also encounters Prince Crocus , who is shown to be a friend and ally to Ary and their family . Crocus invites Ary to the royal capital ,
Ostara , to discuss the weather crisis .
Soon after arriving , Crocus knocks out Ary and reveals they stole the guardian 's seasons crystals . Crocus believes they need all the orbs to become the Legendary Warrior and defeat the Evil Mage once and for all . They imprison Ary in the castle dungeon . They escape with the help of Muscari , but is too late to stop Crocus from unleashing the Evil Mage . Crocus sees something and becomes frightened and runs away , while the Evil Mage escapes to restart their conquest .
The guardians task Ary with collecting 4 light cores from each of the 4 season temples . Each light core is protected by a golem . Ary needs to use the cores to power up a weapon called the Cartographer which can stop the Evil Mage . Ary visits each temple and retrieves the cores from each temple guardian . Along the way , they also encounter a masked armored figure that they believe is the Legendary Warrior . After visiting each temple , Ary takes the cores to the Cartographer location where Crocus confronts them They tell them the Evil Mage has been manipulating them and the Cartographer is not a weapon , but they do not trust them because of their previous actions . The Evil Mage appears and taunts Ary , prompting them to power up the Cartographer . The mage steals it the light orbs , revealing they actually allow time travel using the Cartographer . The Evil Mage reveals they created the light orbs and they also power up agigantic golem that the Evil Mage plans on using to conquer the world .
Ary defeats the golem and enters it to confront the Evil Mage . They find the Legendary Warrior already defeating the Evil Mage , to bring the mage back to the time vault . Crocus unmasks the mage , showing an older Crocus underneath .
Crocus allows themselves to be imprisoned before they can become the Evil Mage . The Evil Mage escapes and reveals to Ary that their brother Flynn is still alive but not in the current time period . The Legendary Warrior sends Ary back home , and unmasks in secret , revealing themselves to be the future Ary . Ary returns home and resolves to find Flynn .
Gameplay
Ary and the Secret of Seasons is a 3D action adventure platformer . The game is structured similar to The Legend of Zelda , with progress limited to certain areas of the game world until the player has collected a new weapon or ability for Ary to use .
Development
Ary and the Secret of Seasons was originally developed Sébastien Le Touze . Le Touze founded game studio Exiin in 2015 and had been developing mobile games for about two years . In 2017 , the production of Ary and the Secret of Seasons started and was first shown at Gamescom , winning the Best Unity Game award 2017 . In August 2018 , the publisher Modus Games announced at Gamescom 2018 publishing the game Ary and the Secret of Seasons . The team behind Ary and the Secret of Seasons is a small , between 5 and 10 people are working full-time on the game and even the producer Bruce Hayles from Modus Games helped in development and lift up the team .
The fictional world of Valdi is multicultural and diverse . It is influenced by Asian influences and elements from the developer 's own country . Le Touze says that one structure in the game , called The Dome of Seasons , is based on Saint Mary 's Royal Church in Brussels . In addition to the developer 's real-life surroundings , other inspirations include early PlayStation and PlayStation 2 games , like Legacy of Kain : Soul Reaver and Jak and Daxter .
At E3 2019 's Modus Games booth , the game was presented . It was featured during Microsoft 's presentation ID @ Xbox 2020 Summer Spotlight Series .
Originally planned to be released July 28 , 2020 . The game was delayed to September 1 , 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic , in an interview with Techraptor . and Nintendo Life
Video game composer , Marcus Hedges , composed the music for Ary and the Secret of Seasons . The soundtrack was released by Materia Collective on August 18 , 2020 . Video game lead writer Genese Davis wrote the plot for Ary and the Secret of Seasons .
Ary and the Secret of Seasons was nominated at Gamescom # 2020 in the category `` Best Family Game '' along with Crash Bandicoot 4 : It 's About Time and KeyWe .
Reception
Ary and the Secret Seasons received `` mixed or average '' reviews , according to review aggregator Metacritic .
References
External links
2020 video games
Action-adventure games
Video games developed in Belgium
Video games featuring female protagonists
Windows games
Xbox One games
PlayStation 4 games
Nintendo Switch games
Stadia games
Single-player video games
Video games postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
3D platform games
Maximum Games games
WVUB ( 91.1 FM , `` Blazer 91.1 '' ) is a radio station in Vincennes , Indiana , United States . It is a student-operated radio station at Vincennes University ( VU ) , operating from studios in Davis Hall on the Vincennes University Main Campus and transmitter is located approximately southeast of Vincennes , near Vincennes Lincoln High School . It uses a shortened version of the school 's mascot , the Trailblazers , in its moniker .
The station broadcasts an adult album alternative ( `` Triple-A '' ) format , along with newscasts from NPR , and serves as a training ground for students enrolled in Vincennes University 's broadcasting program . Students also gather and produce local news for WVUB and WVUT television , also a service of the university .
History
On September 2 , 1970 , the FCC awarded a construction permit to Vincennes University to build a new noncommercial radio station on 91.3 MHz . The station began broadcasting on that frequency on December 7 , 1970 , before being approved in 1973 to move to 91.1 MHz at 50,000 watts , a change carried out the next year .
Prior to 2021 , the station broadcast a hot adult contemporary format . The current Triple-A format was instituted in 2019 on the station 's HD Radio subchannel , `` ALT 91 '' , as an additional outlet for student involvement .
References
External links
VUB
WVUB
Vincennes University
Vincennes , Indiana
VUB
1970 establishments in Indiana
Radio stations established in 1970
Adult album alternative radio stations in the United States
Karl Feldmüller ( 3 August 1878 – 1962 ) was an Austrian footballer . They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1904 .
References
External links
1878 births
1962 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Allantocystis is a genus in the family Allantocystidae . Its only species is Allantocystis dasyhelei , a gregarine parasite of the larval biting midge Dasyhelea obscura .
Description
A. dasyhelei are found in the midgut of the host larva as 70 μm by 20 μm forms , running parallel to the host body . They are unique from other Gregarine parasites in that their cysts are elongated , rather than spherical .
Taxonomy
A. dasyhelei is the only species in the genus Allantocystis . Allantocystis is the only genus in the family Allantocistidae .
History
A. dasyhelei was described by David Keilin in 1920 from larval biting midges they found in the decomposing sap of infected Elm and Horse-chestnut trees in Cambridge .
References
Apicomplexa families
Stadium Jakarta is a basketball club based in Jakarta , Indonesia that plays in the National Basketball League ( Indonesia ) .
Basketball teams in Indonesia
Sport in Jakarta
Basketball teams established in 1994
Achievements : NBL Indonesia Semifinals - 2013 , 2015
The Antarctic Sun is an online newspaper with `` News about the USAP , the Ice , and the People . '' It is funded by the National Science Foundation ( contract no . NSFDACS1219442 ) by its prime civilian contractor , Leidos Antarctic Support Contract .
The online publication has been covering cutting edge science for the National Science Foundation since 1997–1998 austral summer , though it can trace its history back to the 1950s when the U.S. Navy ran logistics for the USAP . From the austral summer of 1997–98 to 2006–07 , The Antarctic Sun has been produced at McMurdo Station between the months of October and February . Since October 2007 , it has been a year-round news website managed out of the Denver , Colorado area .
The website covers both science and features . The former includes biology , glaciology , geology , astrophysics and oceanography , among others . Features include USAP operations , Antarctic history , and profiles on people . Since 2016 , the website has also featured podcasts primarily about operations .
Antarctic Sun journalists
In order of tenure , from most recent :
Mike Lucibella
Peter Rejcek
Steven Profaizer
Steve Martaindale
Emily Stone
Brien Barnett
Kris Kuenning
Melanie Conner
Mark Sabbatini
Kristan Hutchison
Beth Minneci
Jeff Inglis
Josh Landis
Aaron Spitzer
Ginny Figlar
Alexander Colhoun
References
External links
Past Issues archive
Communications in Antarctica
McMurdo Station
United States Antarctic Program
Weekly newspapers
1996 establishments in Antarctica
Newspapers established in 1996
Antarctica newsletters and newspapers
< onlyinclude >
June 2021
See also
References
killings by law enforcement officers
06
Adhi Gawahi ( ) is a Pakistani romantic television series that was first aired on July 5 , 2017 , replacing Nazr-e-Bad . It was directed by Fahim Burney and written by famous Pakistani author , Saima Akram Chudhery who writes short and long stories in monthly digests . The show was a hit for Hum TV , and was commended for the topic .
It has Sohai Ali Abro as main protagonist while Azfar Rehman as antagonist in their fifth on-screen joint appearance after Tanhai , Dhol Bajnay Laga , Tumhari Natasha and Kaisi Ye Paheli .
Overview
Series raises questions on the sensitive issue of `` Nikah '' and highlights how the subjects of `` divorce '' and `` nikah '' should not be taken lightly . Aadhi Gawahi is an interwoven story of Salwa , Saad , Hamdan , Soha and their families and depicts how an assumed `` joke '' amongst Salwa and Hamdan transformed Salwa and their family 's lives into a bad dream . Salwa and their cousin Saad like each other , however when they are going to get married , their batch mate Hamdan approaches with pictures and video of their `` Nikah '' with Salwa which was recorded at a play as a joke when Hamdan declined to play their significant other in the play since they were not a `` mehrum '' . What takes after is an account of regret , battle and repercussions of Salwa 's evil idea design .
The title is a reference to the Islamic tradition that , in the court of law , the claims from one man can be overturned by witness from two women . Since Salwa is fighting Hamdan by themselves and no one else believes her , this makes them a `` half-witness '' - `` aadhi gawaahi '' against their controlling husband .
Plot
The story revolves around Salwa and Saad , childhood best friends and cousins , Hamdan and the issue of an unintentional nikkah .
Salwa is a modern , sweet , kind and fun-loving girl living with their mother , their uncles and their respective families following the death of their father . Most family members are quite happy with this arrangement , especially Saad 's mother and the older Bhabhi , Rana , who sees Salwa as their own and wants their son and Salwa to get married .
This does not sit well with the younger Bhabhi Khawla , who sees Salwa as competition for their own daughter , Soha , who is deeply in love with Saad and deeply despises them for the attention Saad reserves just for Salwa while basically ignoring Soha .
Enters Chaudhry Hamdan Mustafa , a rich , egoistic , spoiled brat who fancies Salwa and is deeply possessive about them Not only is they possessive about them but they would do just about anything to ensure that Salwa is his . They are used to getting what they want , courtesy of their mother who turns a blind eye to all of their faults out of love , and to them Salwa is no different .
Salwa dislikes Hamdan and their backward mentality , but puts up with them for the sake of Saad and the rest of their friends .
The five are students of media studies in a prestigious university . Their semester is coming to an end , but there is one last production assignment standing in the way of these friends - a short film that is due very soon . At first everything is seemingly fine , until Saad breaks their leg which prompts Salwa to be paired up with Hamdan for the project that is due soon . Saad takes time to recover which makes things worse for the friends and Saad and Salwa 's relationship turns bitter . The accident turns their lives around .
Even though the theme of the project revolves around women empowerment , it becomes the downfall for Salwa . By agreeing to shoot a Nikkah scene with Hamdan , Salwa unknowingly marries Hamdan for real which sets the premise of the entire show since they are to be married to Saad soon after . Before the marriage , Salwa is kidnapped unbeknownst to everyone else who beliefed they ran away . Due to Salwa 's disappearance , Saad is married to their cousin Soha . After their marriage , Salwa comes home to find a married Saad , their mother has an angina attack and is in the hospital . They turn them back against their family for not trusting them
Cast
Main cast
Sohai Ali Abro as Salwa Mansoor
Azfar Rehman as Chaudhry Hamdan Mustafa
Ali Josh as Saad
Uzma Khan as Soha
Maria Malik as Nageen
Usama Khan as Usama
Arman Ali Pasha as Faseeh
Recurring cast
Ayesha Sana as Bee Ji
Saleem Sheikh as Faizan 'Faizee '
Munazzah Arif as Ayesha
Humayun Gul as Azhar
Khalid Butt as Naeem
Marium Shafi as Rana ( the eldest sister in law )
Ruhi Khan as Khawla ( the youngest sister in law )
Muazma Arif as Nighat ( Guest appearance )
Mian Suhail as Bilal ( Guest appearance )
Mohsin Abbas Haider as Arsalan ( Guest appearance )
Hammad Shoaib as Hammad ( Guest appearance )
References
External links
Official Website
Pakistani drama television series
2014 Pakistani television series debuts
2015 Pakistani television series endings
Urdu-language television shows
Hum TV original programming
Hum TV
The Seychelles women 's national football team is the national team of the Seychelles .
The national team played in two eighty-minute long games in 2005 in a tournament hosted by Mauritius , with the Seychelles losing both matches . An official under-17 national team exists and had regular training sessions in 2006 .
The sport faces several development problems inside the country including a lack of popularity for the sport , and few female players and teams . Women have gained football leadership positions in the country with one coaching a men 's team and another umpiring international matches . There are other development issues for the sport that are ones facing the whole of Africa .
History
The Seychelles Football Federation was founded in 1979 , and became a FIFA affiliate in 1986 . Women 's football is represented in the federation by specific mandate and currently they employ one full-time employee to look after the women 's game .
In 1985 , almost no country in the world had a women 's national football team including the Seychelles who did play in a single FIFA sanctioned match between 1950 and June 2012 . In 2006 , the country did not have an official FIFA recognised senior A team , a situation unchanged by 2009 .
In 2005 , they competed in a three nation tournament hosted by Mauritius , where all games were 80 minutes in length . They lost to Mauritius 1–4 and also to Réunion 0–9 . Overall , they finished last , scoring only one goal in the competition . In 2005 , Zambia was supposed to host a regional COSAFA women 's football tournament , with ten teams agreeing to send teams including South Africa , Zimbabwe , Mozambique , Malawi , Seychelles , Mauritius , Madagascar , Zambia , Botswana , Namibia , Lesotho and Swaziland . Seychelles did not record a match in the event .
The country did not have a team competing in the 2010 African Women 's Championship , or at the 2011 All Africa Games . In March 2012 , the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA due to inactivity .
The country has an official under-17 team , the Seychelles women 's national under-17 football team . In 2006 , they had two training sessions a week but had yet to record an official FIFA recognised match .
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months , as well as any future matches that have been scheduled .
Legend
2021
2022
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the friendly matches against the Maldives and Saudi Arabia on 15 , 18 and 20 February 2022 .
Caps and goals correct as of 27 February 2022
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Seychelles squad in the past 12 months .
Competitive record
FIFA Women 's World Cup
Olympic Games
* Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks .
Africa Women Cup of Nations
African Games
Regional
COSAFA Women 's Championship
* Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks .
See also
Sport in Seychelles
Football in Seychelles
Women 's football in Seychelles
Seychelles men 's national football team
References
External links
Seychelles Football Federation official website
Seychelles at FIFA.com
Seychelles
national
Pavlo Serhiyovych Lapshyn ( born 12 March 1988 ; Ukrainian Cyrillic : Павло Сергійович Лапшин ) is a Ukrainian white supremacist terrorist who committed crimes in 2013 against Muslims in the United Kingdom . Lapshyn was given a life sentence , and will serve a minimum of 40 years , for a murder in Birmingham and three attempted bombings of mosques in the West Midlands . They confessed to police that their motivation was to kill and harm non-whites .
Background
Pavlo Lapshyn is from Dnipro , the son of Sergey Lapshyn , a university lecturer . Lapshyn 's father claims their son is not a racist , and said Pavlo knew their grandmother was a member of the ( largely Muslim ) Tatar community .
Lapshyn studied engineering in their home city at the National Metallurgical Academy of Ukraine . In 2009 they earned a BA with honours , and completed a Master 's degree the following year . They then began to pursue a doctorate . Lapshyn was arrested in August 2010 after inadvertently causing an explosion in their family 's apartment . Lapshyn had been experimenting with bomb-making chemicals while their family was on holiday . There is a short video they took of one explosion in Ukraine .
During their doctoral studies , Lapsyhn entered a competition to exchange with Coventry University and partake in work experience at Delcam - a software company based in the Birmingham neighbourhood of Small Heath , an area of East Birmingham 'which has a significant and visible Muslim population . ' They were accepted after coming in third place for their work on 3D modelling and computer programming . Lapshyn arrived in Birmingham on 24 April 2013 , and stayed in a flat inside Delcam 's headquarters . Colleagues described them as shy , yet polite .
Attacks
Murder of Mohammed Saleem
At around 10 pm on 29 April 2013 , five days after their arrival in the United Kingdom , Lapshyn stabbed 82-year-old Mohammed Saleem to death as the pensioner returned from Green Lane Mosque in Small Heath . Saleem , a father of seven and grandfather of 23 who had emigrated to the United Kingdom from Pakistan in 1957 , had been walking alone near their Small Heath home when they were spotted by Lapshyn , who was carrying a knife . Lapshyn later told detectives that they decided to kill Saleem because they `` was a Muslim and there were no witnesses . '' Lapshyn stabbed Saleem three times in the back .
Local opinion was that Saleem had been murdered by a member of the anti-Islamist street protest movement , the English Defence League ( EDL ) , after six Muslims had been convicted for attempting to bomb one of their rallies . Shazia Khan , a daughter of Saleem , claimed that their brother had received increasingly threatening letters purporting to be from the EDL . One of them stated : `` It has come to our attention that you are training terrorists at your premises . We will not tolerate any terrorist activities on our soil . We urge you to close this gym as soon as possible . '' The letters were said to date from September 2012 , before Lapshyn 's arrival .
Due to post-mortem investigations , Saleem was not given a funeral until 13 July . Approximately 5,000 attended the service at their mosque .
Bombing attempts
Lapshyn attempted three bombings on local mosques , targeting Friday lunchtimes as they are the services with the highest attendance . The first was laid outside a mosque in Walsall on 21 June 2013 , and police investigations led to 40 homes being evacuated . The second was laid outside Wolverhampton Central Mosque on 28 June , but not reported until after the other two because police failed to recognise that a bomb had caused debris on a traffic island near the building until Lapshyn 's arrest . Officers were called to the scene after it had detonated on Friday 28 June , but they were not specialists and did not realise the significance of the type of debris . The third bomb was placed in Tipton on 12 July and went off one hour after prayers ended , with no-one injured , which coincided with the funeral of murdered Fusilier Lee Rigby , who was killed by Islamic extremists in an attack at Woolwich , London .
The investigation seized and examined thousands of hours of CCTV , much of it from commercial premises along the exit route and were able to pick out a suspect , going to and from the site of the last attack using the bus network . The final journey was to the Small Heath area . Images were publicly broadcast , but no-one called in to identify him . Local officers visited local premises and finally came to Delcam - where Lapshyn was identified and soon after was arrested peacefully .
Arrest and trial
thumb|Lapshyn was tried at the Old Bailey in London
Lapshyn was arrested and questioned over the explosions and the murder of Saleem on 18 July 2013 . They admitted all the bombings and two days later the murder of Saleem . Lapshyn subsequently stated their intent to `` increase racial conflict '' via their actions .
For the explosions , they were charged under section 2 of the Explosive Substances Act 1883 and section 5 ( 1 ) of the Terrorism Act 2006 . They pleaded guilty to all charges on 21 October 2013 .
Lapshyn was sentenced at the Old Bailey in London on 25 October 2013 . The court was cordoned off after a suspicious device was found . Peter Wright QC , prosecuting , said that police searches of Lapshyn 's flat had found photographs of them posing with the dagger with which they had killed Saleem , as well as white supremacist literature and video games . Wright argued for a whole-life order ; however , Lapshyn was sentenced to life in imprisonment , with a minimum term of 40 years , meaning they will not be eligible for release until 2053 .
Hanif Khan , a son-in-law of Saleem , stated after sentencing that `` We 're in the hands of the judge – 40 years is still a long time and he 'll be 65 when they get out . We 've lost a beloved person . Hopefully now we can get some closure '' .
In August 2020 , Lapshyn pleaded guilty to a count of preparing an explosive substance in their cell . They pleaded guilty and was given a two-year jail sentence to run concurrently with their life sentence . It was heard in court that they had been diagnosed with autism since their incarceration .
Legacy
Lapshyn 's first name and patronymic , though not their surname , were among many names of many anti-Muslim influences written on the weapons that Brenton Tarrant used during the 2019 Christchurch mosque attacks .
In April 2021 , to mark the eighth anniversary of Mohammed Saleem 's murder , their daughter Massarrat Saleem started the social media campaign `` # IAmMohammedSaleem '' with the aim of getting the British government to officially recognise Islamophobia as a crime .
References
External links
Living people
Anti-Muslim violence in Europe
1988 births
People from Dnipro
Ukrainian people of Russian descent
Ukrainian people of Tatar descent
Ukrainian criminals
White supremacists
People imprisoned on charges of terrorism
Terrorism in England
Murder in the West Midlands ( county )
Crime in the West Midlands ( county )
Crime in Birmingham , West Midlands
People on the autism spectrum
Prisoners and detainees of England and Wales
People convicted of murder by England and Wales
Ukrainian expatriates in England
Ukrainian prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Ukrainian people convicted of murder
Ukrainian people imprisoned abroad
2013 murders in the United Kingdom
Terrorist incidents in the United Kingdom in 2013
Terrorist incidents involving knife attacks
Terrorist incidents in Birmingham
2013 in England
Lang Suan may refer to
Lang Suan ( town ) , Chumphon , Thailand
Lang Suan District , surrounding the town
Lang Suan River , mostly within the district
Lang Suan Province , a former Thai province , part of Monthon Surat , abolished in 1932
Lang Suan , a street in Bangkok 's Pathum Wan District
The men 's Greco-Roman 80 kg is a competition featured at the 2014 World Wrestling Championships , and was held in Tashkent , Uzbekistan on September 13 .
Medalists
Results
Legend
F — Won by fall
Final
Top half
Bottom half
Repechage
References
Official website
Men 's Greco-Roman 80 kg
How Do You Dub ? You Fight for Dub . You Plug Dub In . is the second EP by American dub reggae band De Facto . It was released on Restart Records , a record label founded by Jim Ward , Paul Hinojos and Silas Carter , soon after Megaton Shotblast . How Do You Dub ? is a repackaged version of the band 's eponymous debut release which came out in 1999 as a very limited vinyl pressing . It features a different track order as well as replaces `` Drop '' with a new track `` Nux Vomica/Coaxialreturn '' ( the only one to feature contributions from keyboardist Ikey Owens ) .
Track listing
`` Coaxial '' – 1:43
`` Madagascar '' – 3:02
`` Agua Mineral '' – 2:04
`` Defacto '' – 1:58
`` 1024 '' – 0:27
`` Thick Vinyl Plate '' – 3:04
`` Radio Rebelde '' – 2:34
`` Nux Vomica/Coaxialreturn '' – 4:20
Personnel
Omar Rodríguez-López – bass
Cedric Bixler-Zavala – drums , keyboards , samples
Jeremy Ward – melodica , voice , drum machine , sound manipulation
Isaiah Ikey Owens – keyboards & electronic beats on track 8
References
De Facto ( band ) albums
2001 EPs
The Windmill British Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission ( CWGC ) burial ground for the dead of World War I located near to the commune of Monchy-le-Preux on the main Arras to Cambrai road ( D339 ) in the département of Pas-de-Calais , France .
The cemetery contains the graves of 368 known casualties and 35 unidentified .
History
The cemetery was first used in May 1917 by the 29th Division to bury the dead from the Second Battle of the Scarpe of the 23 April 1917 . The cemetery continued to be used until March 1918 and then again between August and October 1918 .
References
External links
Cemeteries in Pas-de-Calais
World War I cemeteries in France
Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemeteries in France
Canadian military memorials and cemeteries
1917 establishments in France
Works of Edwin Lutyens in France
The Parabrotulidae , the false brotulas , are a small family of bathypelagic cusk eels that currently contains two genera . The species in this family are known from the northwest Pacific Ocean and the northeast Atlantic Ocean . Small fishes of less than , they are not of any economic importance .
References
Eduard Engel ( born 8 March 1884 , date of death unknown ) was an Austrian footballer . They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1906 .
References
External links
1884 births
Year of death missing
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Ypsolopha gerdanella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae . It is known from the United States , including New Mexico .
The wingspan is about 18 mm .
The antennae are white , dotted with black scales above . The labial palpi are white , sprinkled with sparse black scales on the outside . The tuft on the second joint is longer than the terminal joint . The face , head and thorax are white and the shoulders yellowish . The forewings are light golden brown with white and black markings . There is a broad white streak in the middle of the wing running from the base to the apex . It is slightly edged with black on both sides from the base to end of cell , there it broadens out gradually and covers the entire apical part of the wing , but is obscured by longitudinal black streaks covering the intervals between the apical veins and leaving the veins indicated by narrow white lines . Extreme costal edge is slightly touched with black and the basal part of dorsal edge is whitish . The hindwings are light silky ochreous and the legs and underside of the body are white , sparsely mottled with single black scales .
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
The 1953 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1953 college football season . It was the Tigers ' 62nd overall and 21st season as a member of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) . The team was led by head coach Ralph `` Shug '' Jordan , in their third year , and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn , the Cramton Bowl in Montgomery and Ladd Memorial Stadium in Mobile , Alabama . They finished with a record of seven wins , three losses and one tie ( 7–3–1 overall , 4–2–1 in the SEC ) and with a loss to Texas Tech in the Gator Bowl .
Schedule
Source : 1953 Auburn football schedule
Notable players
Vince Dooley
Serving as team captain , Dooley played quarterback and corner back for the 53 ' Auburn Tigers . Vince completed 25 of 47 passes for a 53.1 completion percentage . This was the best mark by an Auburn signal caller since All-American Travis Tidwell . Dooley was named to the Senior Bowl at the conclusion of the season and was invited to the annual Blue-Gray Game . They were named Offensive MVP after the Gator Bowl .
Ed Baker
Big Ed was named team co-captain to the 1953 Auburn Tigers . They opened up running lanes for future All-SEC back Fob James and was voted the SEC 's `` Best Offensive Center '' at the conclusion of the regular season .
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Auburn Tigers football
The boxlip mullet ( Oedalechilus labeo ) is a species of fish in the mullet family which is found in the eastern Atlantic from Gibraltar to Morocco , it is found in the Mediterranean Sea but not the Black Sea . It is the only species in the monospecific genus Oedalechilus .
References
External links
Mugilidae
Fish described in 1829
Taxa named by Georges Cuvier
The Lithuanian Land Forces Band ( ) also informally known as the Iron Wolf Military Band , is a Lithuanian military band that serves as the official band of the Lithuanian Land Forces . It is officially attached to the Mechanised Infantry Brigade Iron Wolf , specifically the Grand Duchess Birutė Mechanized Uhlan Battalion in Alytus . It was established in the half of 1994 . It is currently composed of 36 members of the land forces . It has taken part in many international festivals since it came into existence around the time of the Fall of the Soviet Union . Among these festivals are the Hamina Tattoo in 2008 . It has also taken part in many municipal and regional events . Notable commanders also include General Justinas Jonušas ( who later led the Lithuanian Armed Forces Headquarters Band ) and Captain Viktoras Ščetilnikovas , who served the band until their death in 2019 .
See also
Lithuanian Air Force Band
National Defence Volunteer Force Big Band
References
External links
Lithuanian Land Forces Band / LK SP Orkestras
The Military `` Iron Wolf '' band ( Lithuania )
Lithuanian military bands
Lithuanian musical groups
Musical groups established in 1991
1991 establishments in Lithuania
The Government Seal of Japan , one of the country 's national seals , is the emblem ( mon ) of paulownia used by the Prime Minister , the Cabinet and the Government of Japan on official documents . It is generally known as the , which has been used by those in power and is the official emblem of the Japanese government today . It resembles a stylized paulownia with 5-7-5 flowers . It is one of various paulownia mon , collectively known as the or the .
History
Before the Chrysanthemum Seal was used extensively , the Paulownia Seal originally was the private symbol of the Japanese Imperial Family , from as early as the sixteenth century . The Toyotomi clan , led by Toyotomi Hideyoshi , later adopted the Paulownia Seal for use as the crest of their clan . After the Meiji Restoration , the seal was eventually adopted as the emblem of the Japanese government .
It is now mainly used by the Japanese government , as a contrast to the Chrysanthemum Seal which represents the Emperor as the symbol of the sovereignty of the State , and members of the Imperial Family .
Designs
More than 140 designs exist . The most common one is the , consisting of three leaves and an inflorescence of 3–5–3 flowers . It is found in the emblems of the Ministry of Justice and the Imperial Guard Headquarters . The 5-7 Paulownia and 5-3 Paulownia are also called `` Go-shichi Giri '' and `` Go-san Giri '' without the particle `` no '' respectively , due to consonant mutation ( `` Kiri '' → `` Giri '' ) known as rendaku in the Japanese language . The Paulownia Seals contain the leaves and flowers of Paulownia tomentosa ( `` princess tree '' ) , which is called `` kiri '' ( 桐 ) or `` shirogiri ( 白桐 ) '' in Japanese .
{ | class= '' wikitable ''
|+
! Design
! Image
! Name
! Japanese
! Description
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' |5-3 Paulownia
|
| '' Maru ni Go-san no Kiri ''
|丸に五三桐
| According to a study by , about 70 % of the paulownia crests use this roundel of the 5-3 Paulownia .
|-
|
| '' Go-san Oni Kiri ''
|五三鬼桐
|The 5-3 Paulownia flowers of this design resemble oni '' 's sharp horns .
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' |5-7 Paulownia
|
| '' Go-shichi no Kiri ''
|五七桐
|The plain 5-7 Paulownia has been used by those in power and is the official emblem of the Prime Minister , the Cabinet , and the Government today . It resembles a stylized paulownia with 5-7-5 flowers .
|-
|
| '' Taikō Kiri ''
|太閤桐
|Toyotomi Hideyoshi used the 5-3 Paulownia and 5-7 Paulownia crests , and this was one of their official mon . A retired kampaku was called taikō , which commonly referred to him .
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' |Other
|
|nihongo| '' Tosa Kiri ''
|土佐桐
|The Tosa Yamauchi clan used this variant , which came from the crest that Yamauchi Kazutoyo received from Toyotomi Hideyoshi .
|-
|
| '' Kiri Agehachō ''
|桐揚羽蝶
|This design shows a swallowtail butterfly mimicking paulownia .
| }
See also
Mon ( emblem )
National seals of Japan
Order of the Paulownia Flowers
Sanmon Gosan no Kiri University of Tsukuba
References
External links
Kamon Database by KamonDB : Kirimon
Kamon Database by Studio Hata : Kirimon
Japan Crest free material hakkodaiodo—Japan Kamon '' Image material
National symbols of Japan
Japan
Japanese coats of arms
Japanese heraldry
Prisad is a village in Municipality of Prilep . The village , along with 3 other villages , are known for being the name of an Antarctic Island .
Demographics
According to the 1467-68 Ottoman defter , Prisad appears as being largely inhabited by an Albanian population . The register displayed mixed Albanian and Slavic anthroponymy , with instances of individuals bearing both Slavic and Albanian names . The names are : Gjon son of Gjergj , Leka son of Marica , Gjin son of Marica , Liko son of Dor , Gjin son of Cenger , Gjin son of Kovaç , Lika son of Dim , Simo son of Nikola , Gjin son of Trushko , Stajko son of Andreja , Bogoj son of Leka , Pejo son of Dominiko , Drala son of Marin-it , Gjin son of Ilija , Nikola i biri i Bala .
According to the 2002 census , the village had a total of 5 inhabitants . Ethnic groups in the village include :
Macedonians 5
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Ágnes Végh ( born 1939 in Budapest ) is a former Hungarian handballer who played in right back position . A one club player , Végh spent their entire career by Budapesti Spartacus SC , for them they played from 1955 to 1968 . They won the Hungarian Championship seven times ( 1960 , 1961 , 1962 , 1963 , 1964 , 1965 , 1967 ) and triumphed in the Hungarian Cup twice ( 1963 , 1968 ) . They were also member of the European Champions Cup finalist team in 1965 . In 1967 they were voted the best female handballer in Hungary .
Végh won 51 caps for the Hungarian national team between 1960 and 1968 , during which time they took part on two World Championships in 1962 and 1965 , capturing the gold medal in the latter one .
Awards
Hungarian Handballer of the Year : 1967
References
Kozák , Péter ( 1995 ) . Ki kicsoda a magyar sportéletben ? , vol . III . ( S–Z ) . Szekszárd : Babits Kiadó . .
1939 births
Living people
Handball players from Budapest
Hungarian female handball players
Celia Kay Weaver ( born 1964 ) is a New Zealand-based media and communication academic and academic administrator . They are Dean of Te Mata Kairangi , the School of Graduate Research at the University of Waikato .
Career
Weaver was a police officer in West Midlands / Birmingham in England before embarking on a BA and PhD at the University of Stirling . Them thesis examined the reception of coverage of men 's domestic violence against women , using focus groups and UK television news and dramas and Hollywood films .
Selected works
Motion , Judy , and C. Kay Weaver . `` A discourse perspective for critical public relations research : Life sciences network and the battle for truth . '' Journal of Public Relations Research 17 , no . 1 ( 2005 ) : 49–67 .
Bardhan , Nilanjana , and C. Kay Weaver , eds . Public relations in global cultural contexts : Multi-paradigmatic perspectives . Routledge , 2011 .
Weaver , C. Kay , Judy Motion , and Juliet Roper . `` From propaganda to discourse ( and back again ) : Truth , power , the public interest and public relations . '' Public relations : Critical debates and contemporary practice ( 2006 ) : 7–21 .
Richardson , Margaret , C. Kay Weaver , and Theodore E. Zorn Jr. `` 'Getting on ' : older New Zealanders ' perceptions of computing . '' New Media & Society 7 , no . 2 ( 2005 ) : 219–245 .
Weaver , C. Kay . `` A Marxist primer for critical public relations scholarship . '' Media International Australia 160 , no . 1 ( 2016 ) : 43–52 .
References
External links
Google Scholar
Researchgate
Institutional Homepage
Living people
New Zealand women academics
Alumni of the University of Stirling
University of Waikato faculty
1964 births
The 2022 Udmurt Republic head election took place on 9–11 September 2022 , on common election day , coinciding with elections to the State Council of Udmurtia . Incumbent Head Aleksandr Brechalov was re-elected to a second term .
Background
In April 2017 Head of Udmurtia Aleksandr Solovyov was arrested for taking bribes . They were removed from office and replaced with Civic Chamber Secretary Alexander Brechalov . Brechalov won the subsequent head election with 78.16 % of the vote .
In the 2021 Russian legislative election United Russia received only 35.63 % in Udmurtia , which could prompt a potentially competitive head election in 2022 . Despite United Russia 's poor showing in the parliamentary elections , in January 2022 Vedomosti reported that Aleksandr Brechalov most likely would retain their position . In May 2022 President Vladimir Putin officially endorsed Brechalov for reelection .
Due to the start of Russian special military operation in Ukraine in February 2022 and subsequent economic sanctions the cancellation and postponement of direct gubernatorial elections was proposed . The measure was even supported by A Just Russia leader Sergey Mironov . Eventually , the postponement never occurred , as on 3 June State Council of the Udmurt Republic called head election for 11 September 2022 .
Candidates
Only political parties can nominate candidates for head election in Udmurtia , self-nomination is not possible . However , candidate is not obliged to be a member of the nominating party . Candidate for Head of Udmurtia should be a Russian citizen and at least 30 years old . Each candidate in order to be registered is required to collect at least 7 % of signatures of members and heads of municipalities ( 55-57 signatures ) . Also gubernatorial candidates present 3 candidacies to the Federation Council and election winner later appoints one of the presented candidates .
Registered
Vadim Belousov ( SR-ZP ) , Member of State Duma
Aleksandr Brechalov ( United Russia ) , incumbent Head of Udmurtia
Aleksandr Syrov ( CPRF ) , Member of Izhevsk City Duma , business person
Timur Yagafarov ( LDPR ) , Member of State Council of the Udmurt Republic , 2017 head candidate
Withdrew after registration
Georgy Leshchev ( ZA ! ) , individual entrepreneur ( endorsed Brechalov )
Vladimir Segal ( RPPSS ) , pensioner
Did not file
Yury Mishkin ( Communists of Russia ) , individual entrepreneur , first secretary of CPCR regional committee
Withdrawn
Sergey Antonov ( PVR ) , political strategist
Declined
Vladimir Bodrov ( CPRF ) , Member of State Council of the Udmurt Republic , 2017 head candidate
Vladimir Chepkasov ( CPRF ) , former Member of State Council of the Udmurt Republic ( 2007-2017 ) , 2014 head candidate
Candidates for Federation Council
Vadim Belousov ( SR-ZP ) :
Andrey Blinov , Member of the Glazov City Duma , former Member of the State Council of the Udmurt Republic ( 2012-2017 )
Sergey Gromov , entrepreneur
Vladimir Ovsyannikov , Member of the Seltinsky District Council of Deputies , stomatologist
Aleksandr Brechalov ( United Russia ) :
Lyubov Glebova , incumbent Senator
Nadezhda Mikhaylova , First Deputy Speaker of the State Council of the Udmurt Republic
Sergey Smirnov , Chief of Staff to Head and Government of Udmurtia
Georgy Leschev ( ZA ! ) :
Vera Bushkova , education methodologist
Andrey Leshchev , candidate 's father
Larisa Lescheva , candidate 's mother
Vladimir Segal ( RPPSS ) :
Aleksandr Berezin , pensioner
Lyudmila Korepanova , chair of RPPSS regional office
Vladimir Kulyabin , pensioner
Aleksandr Syrov ( CPRF ) :
Natalya Ivanova , former Member of the Adam Council of Deputies ( 2012-2016 )
Andrey Pichugin , private security agency director
Valentina Pudova , singer
Timur Yagafarov ( LDPR ) :
Aleksandr Dodin , cultural organiser
Aleksey Kuznetsov , Member of the Zavyalovsky District Council of Deputies , engineer
Tatyana Shutova , Member of the Yakshur-Bodyinsky District Council of Deputies , college professor
Finances
All sums are in rubles .
Polls
Results
|- style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ; text-align : center ; ''
! style= '' text-align : left ; '' colspan=2| Candidate
! style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Party
! width= '' 75 '' |Votes
! width= '' 30 '' | %
|-
| style= '' background-color : ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Aleksandr Brechalov ( incumbent )
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | United Russia
| 298,822
| 64.37
|-
| style= '' background-color : |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Aleksandr Syrov
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Communist Party
| 91,876
| 19.79
|-
| style= '' background-color : ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Timur Yagafarov
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Liberal Democratic Party
| 45,436
| 9.79
|-
| style= '' background-color : |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Vadim Belousov
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | A Just Russia — For Truth
| 15,352
| 3.31
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' colspan= '' 3 '' | Valid votes
| 451,486
| 97.25
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' colspan= '' 3 '' | Blank ballots
| 12,759
| 2.75
|- style= '' font-weight : bold ''
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' colspan= '' 3 '' | Total
| 464,248
| 100.00
|-
| style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ; '' colspan= '' 6 '' |
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' colspan= '' 3 '' | Turnout
| 464,248
| 38.79
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' colspan= '' 3 '' | Registered voters
| 1,166,781
| 100.00
|-
| colspan= '' 5 '' style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ; '' |
|- style= '' font-weight : bold ''
| colspan= '' 4 '' |Source :
|
| }
See also
2022 Russian gubernatorial elections
References
Udmurtia
Udmurtia
Politics of Udmurtia
Gribouille ( English title : Heart of Paris or The Meddler ) is a 1937 French comedy film directed by Marc Allégret , based on story `` Gribouille '' by Marcel Achard who co-wrote the screenplay with . The music score is by Georges Auric . The film stars Raimu and Michèle Morgan . It was shot at the Billancourt Studios in Paris , with sets designed by the art director Alexandre Trauner .
It was remade in the U.S. as The Lady in Question ( 1940 ) with Brian Aherne , Rita Hayworth and Glenn Ford .
The film marked Michèle Morgan 's first major role on the big screen .
Plot
Camille Morestan serves as a jury member at a court in Paris . The attractive Natalie Roguin is accused of murder . Morestan does n't want to believe they really killed them lover . They succeed in convincing the other jury members they were innocent . After their acquittal they take them into their house . While they try to keep their identity a secret for their family their presence leads to a number of unfortunate incidents .
Cast
Raimu as Camille Morestan
Michèle Morgan as Natalie Roguin
Gilbert Gil as Claude Morestan
Jean Worms as the president
Julien Carette as Lurette
Marcel André as state attorney general
Jacques Grétillat as the defender
Jacques Baumer as Marinier
René Bergeron as Kuhlmann
Jeanne Provost as Louise Morestan
Nicolas Rimsky as taxi driver
References
External links
Gribouille at Films de France
French comedy films
French black-and-white films
Films directed by Marc Allégret
1937 films
Films scored by Georges Auric
1937 comedy films
Films shot at Billancourt Studios
1930s French-language films
1930s French films
Haux may refer to :
Haux , Gironde , a commune in France
Haux , Pyrénées-Atlantiques , a commune in France
Villa Haux , a monument in Germany
H.H . Nawab Muhammad Iftikhar 'Ali Khan Bahadur , ( 20 May 1904 – 20 November 1982 ) was the Nawab of Malerkotla , born at Malerkotla , the eldest son of Ahmad Ali Khan of Malerkotla by their second wife Malika Zamani .
Educ . privately . Chief Minister of Malerkotla 1946–1947 . Succeeded on the death of their father , 16 October 1947 . Installed at the Sheesh Mahal , Malerkotla , 1 March 1948 . Merged their state into the Patiala and Eastern Punjab States Union ( PEPSU ) , 20 August 1948 . MLA PEPSU assembly 1952–1956 , and Punjab state assembly 1969–1971 . The GOI amended the Indian Constitution to remove their position as a `` ruler '' and their right to receive privy-purse payments , 28 December 1971 . Author `` History of the Ruling Family of Sheikh Sadruddin Sadar-i-Jahan of Malerkotla '' ( 2000 ) . Rcvd : Silver Jubilee ( 1935 ) , Coron . ( 1937 ) , and Indian Independence ( 1947 ) medals . m. ( first ) H.H . Nawab Zubaida Begum Sahiba ( d. young from cancer ) , a cousin . m. ( second ) H.H . Nawab Yusuf Zamani Begum Sahiba ( b. at Kurwai Fort , August 1906 ) , the youngest daughter of Mushfiq Meherban-i-Dostan Nawab Muhammad Yaqub 'Ali Khan , Nawab of Kurwai , by their wife , Nawab Umar un-nisa Begum Sahiba [ Sarkar Amma ] , second daughter of H.H . Nawab Muhammad Ibrahim 'Ali Khan Bahadur , Nawab of Malerkotla . m. ( third ) at Tonk , 1947 , H.H . Nawab Shakir un-nisa Begum Sahiba [ Tonk Begum ] , née Sahibzadi Munawar un-nisa Begum , daughter of H.H . Amin ud-Daula , Wazir ul-Mulk , Nawab Hafiz Sir Muhammad Ibrahim 'Ali Khan Sahib Bahadur , Saulat Jang , Nawab of Tonk , GCSI , GCIE , by their fourth wife , Nawab Mulka Jamil uz-Zamani Begum Sahiba . m. ( fourth ) ( div . 1974 ) Sajida Begum Sahiba ( b . 1940 ; m. second , 1980 , Haji Anwar Ahmad Khan , and d. at Mohali Hospital , 30 July 2006 ) , MLA for Malerkotla in the Punjab state assembly 1967-72 , Presdt . Malerkotla Punjab .
They were also the Chairman of Sherwan Group
References
Nawabs of Malerkotla
1904 births
1982 deaths
General Sir Horace Moule Evans ( 8 December 1841 – 28 July 1923 ) was an Indian Army officer .
Military career
As a junior officer Evans served in the 104th Regiment of Foot ( Bengal Fusiliers ) and then became Deputy Assistant Adjutant General of the Bengal Army . They went on to be General Officer Commanding Allahabad District in India in 1895 and General Officer Commanding Rohilcund District in 1896 . They were promoted to full general on their retirement in November 1901 . They were also Colonel of the 8 Gorkha Rifles .
Evans died in 1923 and was buried at St Andrew and St Cuthman Churchyard in Steyning , West Sussex .
References
1841 births
1923 deaths
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
British Indian Army generals
People from Stoke Newington
Military personnel from London
A tribrach is a metrical foot used in formal poetry and Greek and Latin verse . In quantitative meter ( such as the meter of classical verse ) , it consists of three short syllables ; in accentual-syllabic verse ( such as formal English verse ) , the tribrach consists of three unstressed syllables . According to some sources , another name for this meter is choree , from the Greek choreus . Other sources categorize the choree as a metrical foot containing two unstressed syllables , or one accented followed by one unaccented foot .
The existence of the tribrach has been contested by some writers and its entry in the Oxford English Dictionary under 'Poetry Terms ' lacks a formal definition , but does appear , primarily as a musical form , in some American dictionaries , such as Virginia Tech Multimedia Music Dictionary . Its appearance in English poetry is rare , as it tends to resolve into two disyllabic feet , depending upon the feet that surround it .
Metrical feet
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 2003 : .
2003
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 2003 at HKcinemamagic.com
2003
2003 in Hong Kong
Hong Kong
Nurabad ( , also Romanized as Nūrābād ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 146 , in 39 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Glade Farms is an unincorporated community in Preston County , West Virginia , United States . Glade Farms is located on West Virginia Route 26 , north-northeast of Brandonville .
The community was so named on account of the marshy glades near the original town site .
References
Unincorporated communities in Preston County , West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Jean-Pierre Chantin is born in 1961 , associated with the University of Lyon . They specialize in the history of religion in France , including the Catholic Church and the role of new religious movements . In 1998 their study of Jansenism was published by the University of Lyon . In 2001 they were the chief editor of the Dictionary of the religious world in contemporary France , `` The margins of the Christianity '' , published by Editions Beauchesne . In 2004 they published a 157-page study on French sects from 1905 to 2000 , asking : `` disputes or religious innovations ? '' and in 2010 about `` The French certified diet '' , Editions Beauchesne ( director of collection Bibliothèque Beauchesne ) .
References
Living people
French historians of religion
Researchers of new religious movements and cults
French male non-fiction writers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
William Maxwell Simmers ( 7 August 1904 in Glasgow – 14 November 1972 in Helensburgh ) was a Scottish rugby union player . They were often referred to as `` Max '' and/or `` Bill '' . They were the 70th President of the Scottish Rugby Union .
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
They played for Glasgow Academicals .
Provincial career
They were capped for Glasgow District .
International career
They were capped twenty eight times between 1926 and 1932 for , scoring six tries .
Administrative career
They became the 70th President of the Scottish Rugby Union . They served one year from 1956 to 1957 .
Family
They were the father of Brian Simmers , who was also capped for Scotland .
They married the English tennis player Gwen Sterry on 9 July 1932 at St Mark 's Church , Surbiton .
References
Sources
Bath , Richard ( ed . ) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany ( Vision Sports Publishing Ltd , 2007 )
1904 births
1972 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Glasgow Academicals rugby union players
Glasgow District ( rugby union ) players
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
Rugby union players from Glasgow
Rugby union forwards
Finch ( 1974–1978 ) was a Dutch progressive rock group that continued to be known internationally years after their final concert on 14 November 1978 at the World Forum Convention Center in The Hague .
History
Finch was established by bass player Peter Vink ( Vink meaning finch in Dutch ) and drummer Beer Klaasse . Guitarist and composer Joop van Nimwegen , who had worked with Vink in the Dutch formation Q65 , soon joined . For lack of a good singer , Finch decided to build a repertoire of instrumental rock . Keyboardist Paul Vink joined , but was soon replaced by Cleem Determeijer , then a student at the Rotterdam Academy of Music .
The first album , Glory Of The Inner Force , was published in Finch 's native Netherlands , as well as by ATCO/Atlantic in the United States . On both sides of the ocean the album received positive reviews .
The second album , Beyond Expression , became a Record of the Week on Radio Veronica , a popular Dutch seaborn station . Finch started to make a name for itself and began to attract crowds to their concerts in the Netherlands , Belgium , and Germany . Determeijer wanted to concentrate on their piano studies and was replaced by Ad Wammes . Beer Klaasse was replaced by Hans Bosboom , as Klaasse was busy with their own business in leather goods .
A third album , Galleons Of Passion was published in the Netherlands and the UK , after which Hans Bosboom left , citing personal circumstances , and was replaced by Fred van Vloten . The frequent personal changes in the rock group made it impossible to continue . In 1978 the partnership was discontinued when Joop van Nimwegen decided to quit . A posthumous live album , called The Making of Galleons of Passion/ Stage '76 , containing demos , unreleased takes , and live material was released in 1999 . Finch 's albums continue to attract the interest of those who enjoy early classic and progressive rock .
Joop van Nimwegen has played in the pit orchestra of many Dutch stage musicals over the years . In 2012 Ad Wammes recreated their old pre-Finch band Montoya with Henk Hager ( ex-Diesel ) as vocalist / bass player . Fred van Vloten died in 2008 .
Discography
Albums
Glory Of The Inner Force ( 1975 ) , Negram ( Netherlands ) + ATCO/Atlantic ( USA )
Beyond Expression ( 1976 ) , Negram ( Netherlands )
Galleons Of Passion ( 1977 ) , Bubble ( Netherlands ) + Rockburgh ( UK )
The Making Of ... Galleons Of Passion/ Stage '76 ( 1999 ) , Pseudonym Records ( Netherlands )
Singles
`` Colossus '' ( 1975 ) , Negram ( Netherlands )
Compilations
`` Mythology '' ( 2013 ) , Pseudonym ( Netherlands ) - Glory Of The Inner Force / Colossus / Beyond Expression / Galleons Of Passion / The Making Of ... Galleons Of Passion + live tracks
References
External links
[ Finch pages in Allmusic ]
Finch page at the Prog Archives database
Finch biography at the Dutch Pop Institute
Personal website of Ad Wammes
Dutch progressive rock groups
Musical groups established in 1974
Musical groups disestablished in 1978
Musical groups from Rotterdam
Musical groups from The Hague
Anton `` Tone '' Seliškar ( 1 April 1900 – 10 August 1969 ) was a Slovene writer , poet , journalist and teacher . They published poetry , short stories and novels and is also known for their young adult fiction . Together with Mile Klopčič , they are considered the foremost representative of Slovene social realist poetry of the 1930s and 1940s .
Seliškar was born in Ljubljana in what was then Austria-Hungary in 1900 as the youngest child in a family of seven children . They became a teacher and worked in Dramlje , Trbovlje and Ljubljana . At the encouragement of Prežihov Voranc Seliškar became an activist in the Slovene Liberation Front in 1942 and in 1943 joined the partisans . They used the motif of life in the partisans in many of their later works . After the war they worked as a journalist and editor .
In 1947 they won the Prešeren Award for their story Tovariši ( Comrades ) .
The public library in Trbovlje is named after Seliškar .
Youth literature
References
1900 births
1969 deaths
Slovenian poets
Yugoslav Partisans members
Levstik Award laureates
Ethnic Slovene people
Writers from Ljubljana
20th-century poets
Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal is a 2012 Hindi-language comedy drama film directed by Priyadarshan . It stars Nana Patekar , Paresh Rawal , Om Puri , Asrani , Shreyas Talpade , Shakti Kapoor and Nyra Banerjee . The film has been produced by Percept Picture Company . The story is adapted from Malayalam film Marykkundoru Kunjaadu written by Benny P. Nayarambalam . It was released on 28 September 2012 . This film is the reboot of the 2006 comedy film Malamaal Weekly .
Plot
The insinuating cry of every man , woman and child in this village when they see Johnny Belinda is all about it . Johnny is afraid of everything and everyone . Born into the household of David , a local farmer and being the only son , Johnny does what he 's best at to help their ailing father . Nothing , other than buying lottery tickets every week . The only thing going in their life is their love for Maria the daughter of the village 's biggest gangster and sworn enemy of David . Peter , armed with three herculean sons , goes to all ends to make sure Maria and Johnny never marry , until one day , hope comes in the form of a silent , strong but always-hungry man , Kallu a.k.a . Sam .
One sudden day , Johnny and their family find Kallu in their well . They get them out and feed them dinner . Next day , Kallu and Johnny go to the market , where Peter 's sons were beating Johnny . Kallu saves Johnny and beats the goons in return . A friend of Johnny 's asks them if Kallu is their lost brother , Sam . With the question , Johnny gets an idea to have Kallu act as their brother and bodyguard . Johnny convinces Kallu to be their brother Sam and tells them the story of their family history . Johnny introduces Kallu to their family . The family , in long wait of their lost son , accepts Kallu as their lost son , Sam .
Kallu assumes the identity of Sam . With the help of their brother Sam , Johnny starts influencing the entire village . Sam also works hard in the farm and helps the family earn good livelihood . They are well accepted in the family . With the arrival of Sam , good days come to the family . One day , a person tells Johnny 's friend that they have seen Kallu in a Kolkata jail , convicted of rape and murder of a woman . Johnny tries to convince their family that Kallu is not Sam but a rapist and murderer . David , however , says that Sam has already told them the story of theirs going to jail . Johnny asks Sam to tell one thing which they have not told of Sam as part of their family history . Sam asks for a mango tree which was there . This convinces the family that Kallu is actually Sam . They in turn throw away Johnny out of home .
Johnny takes a job at the local church and starts living as the neighbor of their father 's house . They keep looking for an opportunity to kill Sam , but all in vain . On the eve of Christmas , Sam sets the house on fire . Everyone thinks Johnny has done the same and blame him . Johnny , disappointed with himself , writes a suicide note sitting in their hut . At that time , they see Sam and another man enter into burnt hut . They follow them and finds that Sam and the man have dug into the house . They take out the stolen golden cross of the village church . Johnny is seen by Sam and the other man . Sam tells johnny that they had stolen it long back , hidden it under the mango tree and run away . Later in the meantime , as they came out of jail , the tree was cut and the house was built . So to get this , they had set the house on fire . In the meantime , the other man runs away with the cross . Johnny and Sam catch them in the field . The other man confesses that they were the one who had raped and murdered the lady and told the police that Sam had done it . Sam beats the man to death . Sam injures Johnny who was trying to take the cross back to the church , but falls again into the well . Johnny , feeling grateful for Sam 's earlier help , rescues him . Sam is walking with the cross when Johnny reminds them of the love Sam received from their family . Hearing this , Sam leaves the cross there only . Johnny brings the cross to Church , but people accuse them of theft . Johnny is unable to prove their innocence . Suddenly , Sam appears and displays the thief 's body . The village accepts this . As decided , if Johnny gets the golden cross for Church , they marry Maria . Johnny tells Sam now they are a permanent member of the family .
Cast
Nana Patekar as Kallu / Sam
Paresh Rawal as Peter
Om Puri as David
Asrani as Father
Shreyas Talpade as Johny / Bakri
Shakti Kapoor as Pascal
Razzak Khan as Paedro
Anjana Sukhani as item number `` Desi Mem ''
Sona Nair as Maria
Pratima Kannan as Bulbul Auntie
Tarina Patel as Lily
Nyra Banerjee as Maria
Neeraj Vora as Pintoo
Rajeev Pillai as Gogo
Production
The film is being and produced by Percept Picture Company .
Controversy
Catholic organisations in India have protested the film as blasphemous and offensive . The Goan Catholic Welfare Union threatened to disallow the screening in their state . Shailendra Singh of Percept Picture Company has said the film is in fact clean and that they respect the sentiments of Catholics .
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by Sajid Wajid , with lyrics penned by Jalees Sherwani . The album consists of six songs . The audio rights of the film were acquired by T-Series . The album was launched on 13 September 2012 at Mumbai .
References
External links
Official website
Films directed by Priyadarshan
Indian comedy-drama films
Films scored by Sajid–Wajid
Films scored by Ouseppachan
Films about Christianity
2012 comedy-drama films
2012 films
Hindi remakes of Malayalam films
Mureno Peak ( , ) is the rocky , mostly ice-free peak rising to 1275 m in the north part of Aldomir Ridge on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica , between Sjögren and Boydell Glaciers .
The peak is named after the settlement of Mureno in Western Bulgaria .
Location
Mureno Peak is located at , which is 5.18 km south-southwest of Lobosh Buttress , 16.9 km northwest of Mount Wild , 7.15 km north-northwest of Vetrovala Peak , 11.94 km north of Draka Nunatak , 10.34 km northeast of Mount Hornsby and 7.22 km southeast of Seydol Crag .
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica . Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) , 1993–2016 .
Notes
References
Mureno Peak . SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer . Antarctic Place-names Commission . ( details in Bulgarian , basic data in English )
External links
Mureno Peak . Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
On the morning of December 6 , 2019 , a terrorist attack occurred at Naval Air Station Pensacola in Pensacola , Florida . The assailant killed three men and injured eight others . The shooter was killed by Escambia County sheriff deputies after they arrived at the scene . They were identified as Mohammed Saeed Alshamrani , an aviation student from Saudi Arabia .
The FBI investigated the case as a presumed terrorism incident , while searching for the motive behind the attack . On January 13 , 2020 , the Department of Justice said they had officially classified the incident as an act of terrorism , motivated by `` jihadist ideology . ''
On February 2 , 2020 , al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility for the shooting . In an audio recording , Emir of the Yemen-based group Qasim al-Raymi said they directed Alshamrani to carry out the attack . On May 18 , 2020 , the FBI corroborated the claims .
Background
Alshamrani , a second lieutenant in the Royal Saudi Air Force , was participating in a training program sponsored by the Pentagon as part of a security cooperation agreement with Saudi Arabia . A United States Department of Defense official said more than 850 Saudi nationals are in the U.S. participating in the training program , which includes English , basic aviation , and initial pilot training .
Saudi Arabia is one of many countries allied to the United States that send members of their military to the naval station for training . At the time of the shooting , the program hosted 5,180 students from 153 countries , including the perpetrator .
Shooting
Prior to the attack , at 6:39 a.m. a message on Twitter was posted by a user using the handle @ M7MD_SHAMRANI , which declared hate for Americans due to its support of Israel . This message has not yet been verified as being posted by the perpetrator .
The shooting began at 6:43am and was first reported at 6:51a.m . when the suspect , armed with a 9mm Glock handgun and several extra magazines , opened fire in one of the classroom buildings . During the incident they moved through two floors of the building , discharging their weapon on both . One of the victims was able to make their way away from the scene to alert the first response team of the location of the shooter amongst other details . The suspect was shot and killed at 6:58am after two deputies from the Escambia County Sheriff 's Office and members of the base security force exchanged gunfire with him .
The outside of the building was videotaped by another Saudi Arabian student while the shooting was occurring , as two additional Saudi Arabian students watched the shooting from a car . The student who was filming , and the other two students , had attended a dinner party hosted by the perpetrator prior to the attack .
Victims
The shooter killed three U.S. Navy sailors , and injured eight others who were taken to the hospital , including the two deputies who sustained gunshots to their limbs . Of the deceased , two were declared dead at the navy base and the third , who was able to get to authorities and give them a description of the shooter , died at the hospital .
The three victims who died from their injuries were a 19-year-old airman from St. Petersburg , Florida ; a 23-year-old ensign and recent graduate of the United States Naval Academy from Coffee , Alabama ; and a 21-year-old airman apprentice from Richmond Hill , Georgia .
Perpetrator
The FBI identified the gunman as Mohammed Saeed Alshamrani , 21 , a second lieutenant in the Royal Saudi Air Force , and said they were the sole shooter . They were participating in aviation training at the station . Their training with the program began in August 2017 and was scheduled to conclude in August 2020 , and included initial pilot training , basic aviation , and English-language instruction .
SITE Intelligence Group said that someone who may have been Alshamrani posted a justification of the planned attack on Twitter before the shooting . The post referred to U.S. wars in Muslim countries , wrote of their hatred for the American people , criticized the U.S. government 's support of Israel , and quoted Osama bin Laden and Anwar al-Awlaki .
Prior to the shooting , Alshamrani had hosted a dinner party at which they and three other Saudi Arabian students had watched videos of other U.S. mass shootings .
Aftermath
Due to the attack , the national anthem was not played on the loudspeakers of the base at 8:00 a.m. , as was otherwise customary . The store Wings & Things Monogramming and its parking lot was used as a congregation area for many military members who were not able to enter the locked-down base .
A mural was started by a local artist at the local Graffiti Bridge to honor the victims and survivors .
Investigation
All foreign students on the base have been accounted for and no arrests have been made ; students from Saudi Arabia have been ordered by their Saudi Arabian commanding officer to remain on the base . The FBI agent leading the investigation said that all of the Saudi Arabian students are cooperating with the investigation .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) opened an investigation into the perpetrator 's social media . Investigators are looking for any signs of radicalization in the perpetrator 's upbringing , and whether the attack was an act of terror . Officials reported that the perpetrator had obtained a hunting license which allows for non-immigrants on a non-immigrant visa to purchase a gun . They then legally purchased a weapon from a gun store earlier in the year .
On December 8 , the FBI said it was treating the shooting as a presumed terrorist attack . The Navy suspended flight training for all Saudi Arabian military aviation students pending the results of the FBI investigation ; they will continue to get classroom instruction . Flight training has been resumed for all other international students .
On December 11 , a Saudi Arabian government analysis revealed that the shooter appears to have embraced radical ideology as early as 2015 . A Twitter account believed to have been used by al-Shamrani , indicates that four religious figures described as radical appear to have shaped their extremist thoughts . The account also expressed support for radical Islam and terrorism , sectarianism , support for the Taliban , and hatred for the West .
Another investigation was opened by Defense Secretary Mark Esper into the vetting measures that go into accepting foreign nationals into the United States to train with the military .
On January 12 , 2020 , Attorney General William Barr declared the Pensacola shooting an `` act of terrorism '' that was motivated by `` jihadist ideology '' . On May 18 , 2020 , Barr announced the FBI had managed to unlock the shooter 's iPhone without Apple 's help .
Responses
Domestic
Matt Gaetz , the U.S. representative for Florida 's 1st congressional district ( which includes Pensacola ) , said , `` I believe we can safely call this an act of terror , not an act of workplace violence . '' Florida senators Marco Rubio and Rick Scott called for thorough investigations of military training programs for foreign nationals on U.S. soil , and possible flaws in the trainee vetting processes .
On 18 October 2021 , the Escambia County Sheriff 's Office released a video on their Facebook page of their response to the shooting .
Governor Ron DeSantis placed a large amount of blame and need for compensation on the Saudi Arabian government , saying , `` They [ Saudi Arabia ] are going to owe a debt here given that this is one of their individuals . ''
Saudi Arabia
The Saudi Arabian Ministry of Foreign Affairs expressed `` its deep distress '' after the incident and offered `` its sincere condolences to the victims ' families , and wishes the injured a speedy recovery '' through a statement .
The king of Saudi Arabia , Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud , called President Donald Trump who posted about the call on December 6 , through Twitter . Trump said the king had expressed their `` sincere condolences '' to those involved . Trump further elaborated that the king had said that the Saudi Arabian people were angered by the attack and that the perpetrator `` in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people . ''
See also
List of mass shootings in the United States in 2019
2009 Fort Hood shooting , another terrorist mass shooting at US military base
Washington Navy Yard shooting
King Faisal Air Base shooting
References
External links
Pensacola Victims : Three Hopeful Men at the Dawn of Naval Careers . Mazzei , Patricia ; The New York Times , December 8 , 2019 .
2010s crimes in Florida
2019 in Florida
2019 in international relations
2019 in military history
2019 mass shootings in the United States
2019 murders in the United States
Attacks in the United States in 2019
Attacks on military installations in the 2010s
Deaths by firearm in Florida
December 2019 crimes in the United States
December 2019 events in the United States
Escambia County , Florida
Islamic terrorism in Florida
Islamic terrorism in the United States
Islamic terrorist incidents in 2019
Mass shootings in Florida
Mass shootings in the United States
Murder in Florida
Saudi Arabia–United States relations
Terrorist incidents in Florida
Terrorist incidents in the United States in 2019
The 1979 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University ( now known as the University of Memphis ) as an independent during the 1979 NCAA Division I-A football season . In its fifth season under head coach Richard Williamson , the team compiled a 5–6 record and was outscored by a total of 223 to 166 . The team played its home games at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis , Tennessee .
The team 's statistical leaders included Kevin Betts with 884 passing yards , Leo Cage with 599 rushing yards , Tony Hunt with 234 receiving yards , and Richard Locke with 30 points scored .
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Choghutuiyeh ( , also Romanized as Choghūtūīyeh ; also known as Chowqowtū ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 13 , in 4 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Anders Flodqvist ( born 24 November 1959 ) is a Swedish water polo player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
See also
Sweden men 's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men 's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Stockholm
Swedish male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Olympic water polo players of Sweden
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Roland Eschelmüller ( born 6 October 1943 ) is an Austrian footballer . They played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1967 .
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Association footballers not categorized by position
Robert Beake ( died 22 September 1708 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1679 . They supported the Parliamentary cause in the English Civil War .
Beake was a Presbyterian alderman and draper of Coventry , and was commissioned into the parliamentary army . In 1654 , they were elected Member of Parliament for Coventry in the First Protectorate Parliament . They became mayor of Coventry in 1655 and was elected MP for Coventry in the Second Protectorate Parliament in 1656 . In 1657 they wrote their diary which showed how zealous they were in their puritan duties enforcing strict Sabbatarianism and suppressing disorder . Those who travelled on Sundays were put in the stocks or the cage , and even a man whose journey was in order to be a godfather was fined . On Sundays Beake spent their time in the park , observing 'who idly walked there ' . They took action to suppress the sale of unlicensed ale and visited all the unlicensed alehouses in three wards in person . They were re-elected MP for Coventry in 1659 for the Third Protectorate Parliament .
In 1660 , Beake was elected in the Convention Parliament However a parliamentary enquiry declared the election illegal , and in the following by-election , they lost their seat to William Jesson . Beake was elected again as MP for Coventry in 1679 . They only sat for a short time , but voted for the first Exclusion Bill .
Beake 's diary is held in the local record office .
References
Year of birth missing
1708 deaths
Roundheads
Mayors of Coventry
English MPs 1654–1655
English MPs 1656–1658
English MPs 1659
English MPs 1679
Members of Parliament for Coventry
Dmitry Kabalevsky 's Symphony No . 2 in C minor , Op . 19 , written in 1934 , is the second of the four symphonies they wrote and the most performed and recorded of the cycle , probably owing to its sense of drama , bright orchestration and expressive straightforwardness , ranging from melancholy to jubilance . With a dramatic and agitated yet extroverted , lyrical and fairly positive outlook , like other dramatic Russian symphonies from the Stalinist era it was alleged to deal with the struggle of humankind to reform society within Soviet values .
The symphony was premiered on December 25 , 1934 in the Moscow Conservatory 's Large Hall by the Moscow Philharmonic under Albert Coates . The international première was carried out ( and recorded ) in New York City on November 8 , 1942 by the NBC Orchestra conducted by Arturo Toscanini , and it was well received , according to Olin Downes ' review for the New York Times . Toscanini , who championed the overture from Kabalevsky 's opera Colas Breugnon , would play it again in 1945 .
Movements
Allegro quasi presto
Andante non troppo
Prestissimo scherzando
Discography
References
Compositions in C minor
Compositions by Dmitry Kabalevsky
Kabalevsky 2
1934 compositions
Beka Gorgadze ( born 8 February 1996 ) is a Georgian rugby union player . Their position is flanker , and they currently play for Pau in the Top 14 and the Georgia national team .
Biography
Gorgadze plays in the squad of the club Stade montois from 2015 . On December 11 , 2015 , they played their first Pro D2 match against Carcassonne , at the age of 19 . They then became champion of France espoirs elite 2 at the end of the 2015-2016 season .
Being among the most promising players of Pro D2 , the Union Bordeaux Bègles makes them sign a two-year contract starting from the 2018-2019 season .
International career
In 2019 Gorgadze was selected with Georgia to compete in the World Cup in Japan where they became the number 8 starter of their selection .
References
Rugby union players from Georgia ( country )
Living people
1996 births
Georgia international rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Charles Shahar is a Canadian demographer . They are the chief researcher for Federation CJA , a Canadian Jewish organization based in Montreal , Quebec . Shahar has conducted studies on Canadian Jews , as well as the first comprehensive community study of Hasidic Jews in Canada . They have conducted a comprehensive series of analyses of the 2001 Census , and more recently of the 2011 National Household Survey , along various themes .
Demographic research
Charles Shahar has conducted a number of studies on the Canadian Jewish Community . The majority were conducted as a secondary analysis of Canadian census data .
2003 study of Montreal Hasidim
Shahar conducted the first comprehensive community study of Hasidic Jews in Canada . Shahar 's 2003 study was sponsored by the Federation CJA , the Jewish Federation of Greater Montreal . The study is the first to include significant quantitative sample of a Hasidim in North America .
The study focused on the Orthodox community in Outremont , Montreal . A large portion of which identify as Hasidim . The study was also the first to include a significant sample of Chabad Hasidim .
To ensure greater response rate , Shahar procured letters from local community rabbis , requesting the community to answer the survey questionnaire . The survey had an 83 % response rate , high by methodological standards .
Findings
Among Shahar 's findings are an estimate for the number of Orthodox in Montreal , the average household size and fertility rates of specific Orthodox and Hasidic groups .
References
Living people
Jewish Canadian sociologists
Demographers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Gastrochaenolites is a trace fossil formed as a clavate ( club-shaped ) boring in a hard substrate such as a shell , rock or carbonate hardground . The aperture of the boring is narrower than the main chamber and may be circular , oval , or dumb-bell shaped ( Kelly and Bromley , 1984 ) . Gastrochaenolites is most commonly attributed to bioeroding bivalves such as Lithophaga and Gastrochaena ( Kleeman , 1980 ) . The fossil ranges from the Ordovician to the Recent ( Taylor and Wilson , 2003 ; Vinn and Wilson , 2010 ) . The first Lower Jurassic Gastrochaenolites ichnospecies is Gastrochaenolites messisbugi Bassi , Posenato , Nebelsick , 2017 . This is the first record of boreholes and their producers ( mytilid bivalves ) in one of the larger bivalves of the globally occurring Lithiotis fauna which is a unique facies in the Lower Jurassic Tethys and Panthalassa .
References
External links
Gastrochaenolites systematics and diagrams ( in German ) .
Boring fossils
Pallikonda Perumal Temple is a Hindu dedicated to the deity Vishnu , located at Malayadippatti in Kulatthur taluk of Pudukkottai district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Location
This cave temple is located at a distance of 33 km from Pudukottai , in Killukkottai .
Cave temples
In Malayadippatti , two cave temples are found . While one is devoted for Shiva another is devoted for Vishnu . This is a twin temple . Shiva temple is known as Vahisvaramudayar Temple and Vishnu temple is known as Pallikonda Perumal Temple.This temple meant for Vishnu is known as Kan Thirantha Perumal Temple .
Presiding deity
The deity , in reclining posture , is known as Pallikonda Perumal . The Goddesses are Sridevi and Boodevi .
Specialities
In the west part of the Shiva cave , Vishnu cave is found . In this cave temple , Pallikonda Perumal is found , sculpted in the cave itself . From the inscriptions it is learnt that this temple belonged to 7-8th century CE . The presiding deity is found like the presiding deity found in Thirumayam cave temple .
Puja
Pujas are held four times daily at Kalasanthi ( 7.00 a.m. ) , Uttchikkalam ( noon 12.00 ) , Sayaratchai ( 6.00 p.m. ) and arthajamam ( 8.30 p.m. ) .The temple is opened for worship from 6.00 to 12.00 noon and 5.00 to 8.00 p.m .
Gallery
References
External links
விக்கிமேப்பியாவில் மலையடிப்பட்டி பள்ளிகொண்டபெருமாள் கோயில் அமைவிடம்
Hindu temples in Pudukkottai district
Vishnu temples
A transition metal nitrate complex is a coordination compound containing one or more nitrate ligands . Such complexes are common starting reagents for the preparation of other compounds .
Ligand properties
Being the conjugate base of a strong acid ( nitric acid , pKa = -1.4 ) , nitrate has modest Lewis basicity . Two coordination modes are common : unidentate and bidentate . Often , bidentate nitrate , denoted κ2-NO3 , is bound unsymmetrically in the sense that one M-O distance is clearly bonding and the other is more weakly interacting . The MO-N distances for the coordinated oxygen are longer by about 10 picometers longer than the N-Oterminal bonds . This observation suggests that the terminal N-O bonds have double bond character . Nitrate is isostructural with but less basic than carbonate . Both exhibit comparable coordination geometries . The nitrogen center of nitrate does not form bonds to metals .
Coordination complexes
With three terminal oxide groups , nitrate can in principle bind metals through many geometries . Even though the ligand is written as MNO3 , the oxygen atoms are invariably coordinated . Thus , monodentate nitrate is illustrated by [ Co ( NH3 ) 5NO3 ] 2+ , which could also be written as [ Co ( NH3 ) 5ONO2 ] 2+ . Homoleptic metal nitrate complexes generally have O , O'-bidentate nitrate ligands .
Hydrates
Typical metal nitrates are hydrated . Some of these salts crystallize with one or more nitrate ligands , but most are assumed to dissolve in water to give aquo complexes , often of the stoichiometry [ M ( H2O ) 6 ] n+ .
Cr ( NO3 ) 3 ( H2O ) 6
Mn ( NO3 ) 2 ( H2O ) 4
Fe ( NO3 ) 3 ( H2O ) 9
Co ( NO3 ) 2 ( H2O ) 2
Ni ( NO3 ) 2 ( H2O ) 4
Pd ( NO3 ) 2 ( H2O ) 2
Cu ( NO3 ) 2 ( H2O ) x
Zn ( NO3 ) 2 ( H2O ) 4
Hg2 ( NO3 ) 2 ( H2O ) 2
Synthesis
For routine use , most metal nitrates can be prepared by the dissolving metal oxides or metal carbonates in nitric acid . The main complication with dissolving metals in nitric acid arises from redox reactions , which can afford either nitric oxide or nitrogen dioxide .
Anhydrous nitrates can be prepared by the oxidation of metals with dinitrogen tetroxide ( often as a mixture with nitrogen dioxide , with which it interconverts ) . N2O4 undergoes molecular autoionization to give [ NO+ ] [ NO3− ] , with the former nitrosonium ion being a strong oxidant . The method is illustrated by the route to β-Cu ( NO3 ) 2 :
Cu + 2N2O4 → Cu ( NO3 ) 2 + 2NO
Many metals , metal halides , and metal carbonyls undergo similar reactions , but the product formulas can be deceptive . For example from chromium one obtains Cr ( NO3 ) 3 ( N2O4 ) 2 , which was shown to be the salt ( NO+ ) 2 [ Cr ( NO3 ) 5 ] 2- . Nitrogen oxides readily interconvert between various forms , some of which may act as completing ligands . The redox reaction of nitrosonium and the metal can give rise to nitrogen oxide which forms strong metal nitrosyl complexes ; nitronium ions ( NO2+ ) are similarly obversed .
Reactions
Given nitrate 's low basicity , the tendency of metal nitrate complexes toward hydrolysis is expected . Thus copper ( II ) nitrate readily dissociates in aqueous solution to give the aquo complex :
Cu ( NO3 ) 2 + 6 H2O → [ Cu ( H2O ) 6 ] ( NO3 ) 2
Pyrolysis of metal nitrates yields oxides .
Ni ( NO3 ) 2 → NiO + NO2 + 0.5O2
This reaction is used to impregnate oxide supports with nickel oxides .
Nitrate reductase enzymes convert nitrate to nitrite . The mechanism involves the intermediacy of Mo-ONO2 complexes .
References
Nitrates
John Müller ( 1699 – June 1784 ) was a German mathematician and engineer .
Life
Born in Germany , they moved to London in 1736 .
In 1741 they were appointed deputy head of the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich , where they performed all the teaching duties of Martin Folkes . They transformed the institution into a disciplined cadet academy with the help of Thomas Simpson . In 1754 they became first master of the Academy , after Folkes 's death . They were later appointed Professor of Artillery and Fortification ( and `` Preceptor of Engineering , etc . to their Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester '' ) ; they retired in 1766 . During their time at the Academy Muller carried out gunnery experiments with Colonel Desaguliers , described in the second edition of A Treatise of Artillery .
Muller married Mary Horn on 29 December 1774 , at St Martin-in-the-Fields , Westminster . They died at their home in Eaton Street ( now Greet Street ) , London in June 1784 . The contents of their library were auctioned at the Military Library , Whitehall early in 1785 .
Muller 's works were concerned with mathematics and fortification . At the Academy there were strict instructions on which topics each instructor was to teach , which included a list of works to be used ; several of Muller 's books were theirs included .
Works
A Mathematical Treatise : Containing a System of Conic-sections ; with the doctrine of fluxions and fluents , applied to various subjects ( 1736 )
A Treatise Containing the Elementary Part of Fortification ( 1746 )
Elements of Mathematics ( 1748 , also titled A System of Mathematics )
A Treatise Containing the Practical Part of Fortification ( 1755 )
A Treatise on Artillery ( 1757 ; later editions were titled A Treatise of Artillery )
The Field Engineer ; translated from the French ( 1759 )
Traité analytique des sections coniques , fluxions et fluentes . Avec un essai sur les quadratures , et un traité du mouvement ( 1760 )
A New System of Mathematics ( 1769 )
New Elements of Mathematics : or , Euclid corrected ( 1773 )
References
18th-century German mathematicians
1699 births
1748 deaths
18th-century German engineers
Academics of the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich
Beyond the Barriers : The Book of Worlds is a supplement published by White Wolf Publishing in 1996 for the horror role-playing game Mage : The Ascension .
Contents
Beyond the Barriers : The Book of Worlds describes parallel universes called the worlds of Umbra to which mages can travel . Three are described in the book ( low , medium and high ) , and notable places in each one are outlined . The book also covers difficult to define realms , kingdoms built by Mages , Shards , and Shade Realms . A bestiary describes various creatures that inhabit these planes , and the book also provides rules for travelling amongst the planes .
Publication history
White Wolf Publications first published Mage : The Ascension in 1993 as part of its World of Darkness series of horror role-playing games . White Wolf subsequently released many supplements in support of the game , including 1996 's Beyond the Barriers : The Book of Worlds , a 200-page softcover book designed by Phil Brucato , Richard Dansky , Heather Heckel , Harry L. Heckel , Chris Hind , Angel Leigh McCoy , Judith A. McLaughlin , James A. Moore , Nicky Rea , and Kathleen Ryan , with interior art by Ron Brown , Richard Clark , Jason Felix , Heather J . 'Echo ' McKinney-Chernik , Paul S. Phillips , Andrew Ritchie , Andrew M. Trabbold , and cover art by Robert Dixon .
Reception
In Issue 15 of Arcane , Adam Tinworth was somewhat ambiguous about this book , commenting , `` Is this book a good idea ? Yes . Is it an ambitious idea ? Yes . Is it successful ? Only partially . '' They concluded by giving the book a below average rating of 6 out of 10 .
The December 1999 issue of Envoyer ( Issue # 38 ) commented that this book was useful because it contained information how to design crossover adventures with Werewolf : The Apocalypse .
Other reviews
Casus Belli V1 # 100 ( Dec 1996 ) p. 16
Valkyrie # 14 ( 1997 )
Ringbote # 13 ( Jul/Aug 1997 , p. 100 , in German )
References
Mage : The Ascension
Role-playing game books
Laran ( , also Romanized as Lārān ) is a village in Jushaq Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 188 , in 58 families .
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Abbasabad-e Zargham ( , also Romanized as ‘ Abbāsābād-e Ẕarghām ; also known as ‘ Abbāsābād ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , Sharifabad District , Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 2,518 , in 782 families .
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
The following is the discography of Serj Tankian , an Armenian-American singer and musician . They are best known as the lead vocalist , songwriter , keyboardist , and occasionally rhythm guitarist of the Grammy Award-winning rock band System of a Down .
This discography consists of five studio albums , one collaboration album , three EPs , two live album/DVD , thirty-three singles , twenty-three music videos , and all other known appearances by Tankian on other artists ' albums , soundtracks , and in video games . This article also contains the production credits by Tankian . The list does not include anything performed or recorded with System of a Down . To see recordings by System of a Down , see System of a Down discography .
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Collaborative albums
Soundtracks
Prometheus Bound ( 2011 )
The Last Inhabitant ( 2016 )
1915 ( 2016 )
Intent to Destroy ( 2017 )
Furious ( 2017 )
Spitak ( 2018 )
Midnight Star ( 2019 )
Truth to Power ( 2021 )
I Am Not Alone ( 2021 )
EPs
Singles
As lead artist
Promotional singles
As featured artist
Music videos
Other appearances
Production discography
Tankian has also produced a number of albums .
References
Rock music discographies
Discographies of American artists
Discographie
XHIH-FM is a radio station on 103.3 FM in Fresnillo , Zacatecas , known as La Única .
History
XEIH-AM 1400 received its concession on July 20 , 1970 . The 500-watt station moved to 770 kHz with 10 kW day and 1 kW night in the 1990s . XEIH was owned by Juana Gallegos Rojas until their death .
XEIH was cleared to move to FM in December 2011 , with its tower on Cerro Xoconostle . Several years later , XHIH-FM was approved to increase power to 32.27 kW .
References
Radio stations in Zacatecas
Radio stations established in 1970
Sociological Methods & Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of sociology . The journal 's editor-in-chief is Christopher Winship ( Harvard University ) . It was established in 1972 and is currently published by SAGE Publications .
Abstracting and indexing
Sociological Methods & Research is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index . According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2017 impact factor is 3.625 , ranking it 5 out of 146 journals in the category `` Sociology '' and 3 out of 49 journals in the category `` Social Sciences , Mathematical Methods '' .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Sociology journals
Publications established in 1972
Research methods journals
Close Coupled Cooling is a last generation cooling system particularly used in data centers . The goal of close coupled cooling is to bring heat transfer closest to its source : the equipment rack . By moving the air conditioner closer to the equipment rack a more precise delivery of inlet air and a more immediate capture of exhaust air is ensured .
Air Conditioner Types
Commercially available close coupled solutions can be divided into two categories : Open-Loop and Closed-Loop .
Open-Loop Configuration
Open-Loop configurations are not totally independent from the room they are installed , and air flows interact with the ambient room environment .
In-Row Air Conditioners
Row-Based Air Conditioning units are installed inside the rack rows . Air flows generally follow short and linear paths , reducing , in this way , the necessary power needed to start up the fans and increasing the energy efficiency .
A Row-Based cooling solution offers one advantage with respect to the Room-Based solution , since the former one can be better adapted to the needs of cooling for specific rows ; it is anyway appropriate not to locate the conditioning units at the beginning or at the end of the rows to maximise their performance .
Rear Door Heat Exchangers
This type of solution is based on the substitution of the rear door of an existing rack .
These heat exchangers leverage the front-to-back air dissipation of most of the IT equipments : the servers dissipate warm air , which passes the heat exchanger coil and is returned to the room at an agreeable temperature .
The cooling units of this category do not occupy additional space , so they are particularly indicated either to cool all the spaces originally designed as data centers , or to integrate an already existing cooling system .
Overhead Heat Exchangers
Generally , a heat exchanger of this type discharges air from the ceiling into the cold aisle whereas the exhaust air rises into the vents in the ceiling ; in Close Coupled system cases , the units are positioned directly above the servers , making the cold air delivery and hot air return much more precise .
A system of this type , being positioned vertically , does not need further floor space in the room .
Closed-Loop Configuration
The Closed-Loop cooling typologies act independently from the room they are installed ; the rack and the heat exchanger work exclusively with one another , creating an internal microclimate .
In Rack Cooling
The cooling system is adjoint to the server rack and both of them are completely sealed ; the solid doors on the enclosure and In-Row Air Conditioners contain the air flow , directing cold air to the server inlet and exhaust air , by using fans , through the cooling coil .
The Close-Loop design allows a very focused cooling at rack level and it is possible to install very dense equipment disregarding the ambient environment , giving flexibility to use unconventional spaces to install the IT equipment .
Efficiency
In the traditional layout , the fans must move air from the perimeter of the room , under the raised floor , and through a perforated floor tile into servers intake . This process requires energy , that varies depending on the typology of the structure . Often , under the raised floor , holdbacks ( large cable bundles , conduits ) exist , requiring additional fan energy to move the required cold air volume .
Being that in Close Coupled solutions the cooling system and the equipment rack are close to one another , the energy needed is reduced . With an In-Row typology the cooling unit is incorporated in the row of racks and , providing air directly to the row , there are not impediments to consider under the floor . It is estimated , that when integrated , a Close Coupled system can guarantee up to 95 % of annual energy reduction compared to a traditional CRAC system of equal cooling capacity .
Some cooling typologies can be associated to fans with variable velocity that adapt in better ways to the workload , so also to the internal temperature of the rack . Having fans that work at the minimum velocity satisfying the requirements of the Data Center is very important for energy consumption .
It is verified that the percentage of energy saved , hence the total energy cost decreases in a more than proportional way with respect to the decrease of air flow ( for example , by reducing the fan velocity by 10 % we save 27 % of energy ) .
Efficiency is also represented by modularity . With a Close Coupled solution in is indeed possible adding new conditioners in forecast of an increase of the Data Centre capacity .
Despite the fact that some past studies have speculated a very elevated growth of sales of Close Coupled solutions , more recent studies have instead shown a more contained growth . The reason seems to be due to the fact that the In-Row solutions offer significant energy savings as the rack densities are close to the 8-10 kW threshold ; today 's average densities for medium-sized data centers are instead about 5 kW and energy savings do not fully justify the higher cost of investment for the cooling system .
Refrigerated Water Temperatures
In traditional systems , the refrigerated water supply temperatures typically vary between 6 and 7 °C and cold water is in fact necessary to generate cold air that compensates for the rise that occurs on the floor of the data center , since the cold inlet air and the hot exhaust air interact . However , it is necessary to ensure that the inlet temperature is between 18 and 26.5 °C as established by the ASHRAE .
Some types of Close Coupled systems allow warmer water inlet temperatures due to the proximity of the refrigeration system and the design of the cooling coil while remaining within the guidelines of the ASHRAE .
Since the refrigerators represent 30-40 % of the energy consumption of a data center and that this is largely due to mechanical refrigeration , a higher water inlet temperature allows increase the hours in which free cooling is possible and therefore increase the efficiency of the refrigerator .
Close Coupled system of Google Data Centers
For several years now , Google , according to the statements of the vice president of Data Centers , Joseph Kava , restructures the cooling system of its Data Centers every 12 – 18 months , also focusing on Close Coupled type systems .
In 2012 Google published a photo gallery that shows the design of its cooling system , followed by an explanation of Data Center Vice President Joseph Kava , of how it works .
In the data center shown the rooms serve as cold corridors , there is a raised floor but there are no perforated tiles . Cooling occurs in closed corridors with rows of racks on both sides while cooling coils using cold water serve as the ceiling of these warm corridors , which also house the pipes that carry the water to and from the cooling towers housed in another part of the building .
The temperature of the air is generally maintained around 26.5 °C , getting warmer more and more due to the contact with various components , up to about 49 °C . When air is directed by fans in the warm closed corridor where , reaching the top of the room passes through the cooling coil and is cooled to room temperature . The flexible piping connects to the cooling coil at the top of the hot aisle and descends through an opening in the floor and flows under the raised floor .
From the statements of Kava `` If we had leaks in the conduits , the water would sink down into our raised floor . We have a lot of experience with this design , and it has never happened a large water loss '' , the presence of an emergency system for any water leaks is confirmed . It is also confirmed that the proximity of liquids to the servers is not considered problematic .
Kava also stated , referring to other types of cooling systems with installations on the ceiling to return the hot exhaust air to the air conditioners of the computer room ( CRAC ) located along the perimeter of the raised floor area , that The whole system is inefficient because the hot air is moved over a long distance while traveling towards the `` CRAC '' , while a Close Coupled system is significantly more efficient .
Bibliography
Bean , J. , & Dunlap , K. ( 2008 ) , Energy Efficient Data Centers : A Close-coupled Row Solution , ASHRAE Journal , 34-40 .
EPA . ( 2007 , Agosto 2 ) , EPA Report to Congress on Server and Data Center Energy Efficiency , da Energy Star .
EYP Mission Critical Facilities . ( 2006 , Luglio 26 ) . Energy Intensive Buildings Trends and Solutions : Data Centers , da Critical Facilities Roundtable .
Fontecchio , M. ( 2009 , Gennaio 21 ) , Data Center Air Conditioning Fans Blow Savings Your Way , da Search Data Center .
Sun Microsystems ( 2008 ) , Energy Efficient Data Centers : The Role of Modularity in Data Center Design , Sun Microsystems .
Notes
DataCenterKnowledge
Cabling install
Close coupled cooling market
External links
How google cools its armada of servers Metrics and efficiency the future of data centers Close coupled cooling market Close-coupled cooling ''
Data centers
The R488 road is a regional road in Ireland , located in County Clare .
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Clare
B & B Italia SpA is an Italian modern furniture company whose products are sold worldwide . The company was founded in 1966 by the Busnelli family , who manages the company . On March 1 , 2011 , the Busnelli family became majority shareholders of the company once again and now own 100 % of the shares .
The United States subsidiary , B & B Italia USA Inc. , is located in Manhattan , New York in the Architects and Designers Building above their American flagship store in midtown .
B & B Italia has won four Compasso d'oro ( Golden Compasses ) , the most prestigious Italian Design award . In 1974 Sisamo Studio Kairos , 1979 Le Bambole Mario Bellini , 1987 Sity Antonio Citterio and in 1989 B & B Italia became the first company to be recognized with a Compasso d'oro directly awarded to a design manufacturing company . Since 1966 there have been over 1,000 B & B Italia designs ( including prototypes ) .
Over 3 % of B & B Italia 's annual sales is reinvested in research and development . In 2010 a foaming department for upholstery was established with an investment of 4 million Euro .
From the entry of The Carlyle Group into Investindustrial 's design plan , Design Holding was born in September 2018 with the aim of creating the Italian hub of high-end interior design and then becoming it internationally . The brands already controlled by Investindustrial are part of the new company , led by Gabriele Del Torchio : Flos , B & B Italia and the Danish Louis Poulsen .
The B & B Italia group owns the B & B Italia , Maxalto , Azucena and Arclinea brands and reached 201.4 million in revenues in 2019 with exports accounting for over 80 % . Sales in 80 countries through a network of 10 flagship stores , 70 single-brand stores and 1000 resellers .
Collections
B & B Italia has two divisions ; the Home Division ( focused on the residential market ) and the Contract Division ( for hospitality , marine , retail and offices ) . There are two brands ; B & B Italia and Maxalto . Within B & B Italia there are four collections .
B & B Italia Home : Defined by products such as the Up Series Chair by Gaetano Pesce , the Charles Sofa by Antonio Citterio , Tufty Time by Patricia Urquiola and The Moon System Sofa by Zaha Hadid , the B & B Italia Home Collection is the base upon which the company was built .
Maxalto : The Maxalto Collection was established in 1975 . The collection includes products with shapes drawing inspiration from the typologies and styles of French design between the two World Wars . Maxalto is a line of interior furnishings designed and coordinated by Antonio Citterio . Maxalto is often sold within B & B Italia stores but has in the last decade established itself more and more than its own brand . The first stand alone Maxalto store opened in Paris , France . In 2008 the first monobrand store in the US opened in Chicago , Illinois , followed soon after by Miami , Florida .
There are four collections within Maxalto : Apta , Simplice , AC and , released in 2010 , Acro . Maxalto was featured in 2008 in the James Bond film Quantum of Solace .
B & B Italia Outdoor : Designed for indoor/outdoor living . It started with Canasta by Patricia Urquiola in 2007 . Since then , the collection has grown to include pieces by Jean-Marie Massaud and Marcel Wanders in addition to new pieces by Patricia Urquiola and Atelier Oï . New products for the line are being designed by Naoto Fukasawa and Antonio Citterio .
B & B Italia Project : The Project Collection is a range of tables , chairs and soft seating for the contract market . It is often used in workplaces , restaurants , hotels , and public spaces .
B & B Italia Object : The Object Collection includes vases , trays , bowls , pillows , lighting and accessories .
B & B Italia Contract : The B & B Italia Contract Division handles the “ turnkey ” projects for furnishings and/or layout in hotel areas , offices , retail , institutions , stores , cruise liners , etc . The Contract Division manages contracts for furnishings , from projects to logistics and from materials procurement to installation . The Contract Division has completed the newly opened W Retreat and Spa of Vieques Island designed with Patricia Urquiola and The Nieuw Amsterdam Luxury Cruise Line for Holland America with 1564 cabins . It was launched in Venice on July 4 . Future projects include the W Hotel St. Petersburg designed by Antonio Citterio and two exclusive resorts in Greece .
MOOOI : B & B Italia owns 25 % of the design company Moooi . Moooi is a Dutch company for which Marcel Wanders serves as co-owner and art director and Casper Vissers as co-owner and CEO .
Distribution : B & B Italia and Maxalto have 750 points of sale worldwide including seven flagship stores ( Milan , London , Munich , Paris , Chicago and two in New York ) , 20 monobrand stores and over 70 `` Shop-in-Shops '' .
Designers who have worked with the B & B Italia design department include Antonio Citterio , Patricia Urquiola , Gaetano Pesce , Naoto Fukasawa , Zaha Hadid , Marcel Wanders , Richard Sapper , Afra and Tobia Scarpa , Jean-Marie Massaud , Jeffrey Bernett , Mario Bellini , Studio Kairos , Paolo Piva , Richard Schultz , Atelier Oi , David Chipperfield , C. Gerhards and A. Glucker , Chris Howker , Ettore Sottsass , Gabriele and Oscar Buratti , Jakob Wagner , Monica Armani , Nicole Aebischer , Roberto Barbieri , Uwe Fischer , and Vincent Van Duysen .
See also
List of Italian companies
References
External links
B & B Italia website
B & B Italia USA Quickship website
Moooi website
HomePortfolio.com : Profile of B & B Italia
Design companies of Italy
Furniture companies of Italy
Luxury brands
Modernism
Design companies established in 1966
Manufacturing companies established in 1966
Italian brands
Italian companies established in 1966
Bigger Than Both of Us is the fifth studio album by American pop music duo Daryl Hall and John Oates . The album was released on September 8 , 1976 , by RCA Records and peaked at # 13 on the Billboard Top 200 Albums chart . The album included the first of their six # 1 singles on the Billboard Hot 100 , `` Rich Girl '' as well as the singles `` Back Together Again '' ( which reached # 28 ) and `` Do What You Want , Be What You Are '' ( which peaked at # 39 ) . Hall & Oates released a song titled `` Bigger Than Both of Us '' on their Beauty on a Backstreet album one year later . `` Do What You Want , Be What You Are '' was covered by The Dramatics in 1979 .
Cash Box said of `` Back Together Again '' that `` A flowing introduction belies the syncopated phrases that are the foundation of this record 's layered verses '' and that it contains `` some striking instrumental effects . ''
Track listing
Personnel
Daryl Hall – lead vocals ( except tracks 1 , 3 and 8 ) , backing vocals , keyboards , mandola , synthesizer , arrangements
John Oates – lead vocals on tracks 1 , 3 and 8 , backing vocals , rhythm guitars , harmonica , arrangements
Christopher Bond – lead guitars , keyboards , synthesizer , arrangements , string and horn arrangements
Tom Hensley – acoustic piano
Scotty Edwards – bass
Leland Sklar – bass
Jim Gordon – drums
Ed Greene – drums
Slugger Blue – `` G kick '' drums on `` You 'll Never Learn ''
Gary Coleman – percussion
Tom Scott – flute , saxophone , Lyricon
Charles DeChant – saxophone
James Getzoff – concertmaster , conductor
Stephen Dees – co-arrangements on `` Kerry ''
Production
Produced by Christopher Bond
Engineered and Mixed by John Arrias and John Mills
Strings engineered by Armin Steiner
Recorded at Cherokee Studios ( Hollywood , CA ) .
Mixed at Sound Labs ( Hollywood , CA ) .
Mastered by Allen Zentz at Allen Zentz Mastering ( San Clemente , CA ) .
Cover Artwork – Ron Barry
Cover Concept and Design – Daryl Hall
Cover Photo – Gribbitt Photography
Insert Photo – Kathy Hohl and Sam Emmerson
References
1976 albums
Hall & Oates albums
RCA Records albums
Sponsor is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae . It belongs within the tribe Paratrachyini within the subfamily Polycestinae. , and contains the following species :
Sponsor aeneiventris Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor aeneolus Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor aeneus Guérin-Méneville , 1840
Sponsor alluaudi Kerremans , 1894
Sponsor ambiguus Lesne , 1937
Sponsor androyensis Lesne , 1937
Sponsor antamponensis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor antanala Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor antelmei Lesne , 1918
Sponsor anthracinus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor antsihanaka Descarpentries , 1957
Sponsor ater Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor auribasis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor betsimisaraka Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor bicolor Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor burgeoni Théry in Lesne , 1937
Sponsor caerulescens Guérin-Méneville , 1840
Sponsor calo Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor carbonarius Théry , 1905
Sponsor cariei Lesne , 1918
Sponsor chalceus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor chalybaeus Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor cobosi Bellamy , 1998
Sponsor convexus Gory & Laporte , 1839
Sponsor cupreoviolaceus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor cupreoviridis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor cupripennis Descarpentries , 1957
Sponsor cyaneus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor cyanipennis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor deplanatus ( Théry , 1905 )
Sponsor dermestoides Lesne , 1918
Sponsor desjardinsii Guérin-Méneville , 1840
Sponsor dissimilis Théry , 1931
Sponsor distinctus Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor elegans Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor elongatus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor emmaae Descarpentries , 1957
Sponsor emmerezi Lesne , 1918
Sponsor epicureus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor epistomalis Descarpentries , 1957
Sponsor fulgens Fairmaire , 1899
Sponsor fusiformis Lesne , 1924
Sponsor gagates Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor gemmatus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor gianassoi Novak , 2002
Sponsor grandis Lesne , 1937
Sponsor granulicollis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor gyrinoides Lesne , 1918
Sponsor ignipennis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor indicus Lesne , 1937
Sponsor irideus Kerremans , 1902
Sponsor janthinus ( Fairmaire , 1886 )
Sponsor kerremansi ( Théry , 1905 )
Sponsor lepidus Lesne , 1918
Sponsor lesnei Théry , 1931
Sponsor livens Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor macfadyeni Bellamy , 2004
Sponsor malartici Lesne , 1922
Sponsor mameti Descarpentries , 1957
Sponsor mandraranus Lesne , 1924
Sponsor marcsikae Holynski , 1997
Sponsor melanopus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor metallinus ( Fairmaire , 1900 )
Sponsor mirabilis Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor montanus Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor monticola Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor montivagus Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor niger Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor nigricollis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor nigroaeneus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor nigrocyaneus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor oblongus Kerremans , 1902
Sponsor parilis Lesne , 1937
Sponsor parvulus Guérin-Méneville , 1840
Sponsor perrieri ( Fairmaire , 1902 )
Sponsor pexipennis Lesne , 1937
Sponsor peyrierasi Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor picea ( Fisher , 1922 )
Sponsor pilosellus Kerremans , 1914
Sponsor pinguis Guérin-Méneville , 1840
Sponsor pseudelongatus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor pseudepistomalis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor pubescens Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor pulcher Lesne , 1937
Sponsor pupa Lesne , 1924
Sponsor purpureipennis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor pygmaeus Lesne , 1922
Sponsor raffrayi Théry , 1931
Sponsor reunionensis Descarpentries , 1957
Sponsor rodriganus Lesne , 1918
Sponsor rufipes Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor rufitarsis Lesne , 1918
Sponsor rutilans Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor satanas Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor semistrigosus ( Fairmaire , 1902 )
Sponsor senescens Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor senilis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor sericeus ( Kerremans , 1894 )
Sponsor setosulus Lesne , 1937
Sponsor seyrigi Descarpentries , 1957
Sponsor similis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor somaliensis Holm & Wentzel , 1991
Sponsor splendens Guérin-Méneville , 1840
Sponsor subparallelus Lesne , 1918
Sponsor succinicola Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor theryi Lesne , 1937
Sponsor tristis Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor vadoni Lesne , 1937
Sponsor vadonianus Descarpentries , 1957
Sponsor vetustus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor viduus Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor viettei Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor vieui Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor villosus Lesne , 1922
Sponsor vinsoni Lesne , 1937
Sponsor violaceipennis Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor violaceus ( Fairmaire , 1903 )
Sponsor viridiaenus Descarpentries , 1969
Sponsor viridiauratus Descarpentries , 1965
Sponsor viridicoerulans Descarpentries , 1965
References
Buprestidae genera
Warkworth Aerodrome is an aerodrome constructed in 1942 by the Royal Australian Air Force as a satellite aerodrome north of Warkworth , New South Wales , Australia during World War II .
The runway ran south west to north east and was long x wide . The aerodrome was used as a dispersal satellite field for RAAF Station Bulga near Singleton .
The aerodrome is currently the home of the Hunter Valley Gliding Club Co-Op .
References
Former Royal Australian Air Force bases
Military establishments in the Hunter Region
Former military installations in New South Wales
Sargocentron microstoma , the fine-lined squirrelfish , slender squirrelfish or smallmouth squirrelfish , is a member of the family Holocentridae . It has a wide range throughout the Indo-Pacific from the Chagos Archipelago , Seychelles , and the Maldives to the Hawaiian Islands , Line Islands , and the Tuamotus Archipelago , north to the Ryukyu Islands and Bonin Islands , south to Austral Islands and throughout Micronesia . It lives near reefs usually at depths between , but can be found as deep as . During the day it hides in crevices , especially near Acropora and Pocillopora . It is a nocturnal predator , feeding on crustaceans , worms , and fishes . It can reach sizes of up to TL and has a venomous preopercle .
References
External links
microstoma
Fish described in 1859
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Fish of the Indian Ocean
Fish of the Pacific Ocean
Hannes Gnauck ( born 8 August 1991 ) is a German politician for the AfD and since 2021 member of the Bundestag , the federal diet .
Life and politics
Gnack was born 1991 in Prenzlau and was elected to the Bundestag in 2021 .
References
Living people
1991 births
Alternative for Germany politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Peter Werner Zeun ( born 1951 ) is a retired British lightweight rower .
Rowing career
Zeun was selected by Great Britain in the lightweight single sculls at the 1975 World Rowing Championships , they finished in 9th overall and 3rd in the B final . The following year they rowed at the 1976 World Rowing Championships in Villach , Austria again finishing 3rd in the B final . In 1977 they finished fourth in the B final at the 1977 World Rowing Championships in Amsterdam .
They won a gold medal at the 1978 FISA Lightweight Championships in Copenhagen with the lightweight men 's eight .
They married Bronwen R. Simonds in 1981 .
References
1951 births
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Possibly living people
The Zay Initiative ( ) is a non-profit UK registered fashion Digital library and collection archive . The Zay Initiative , founded in 2019 , owns and manages the world-first Arab dress-history archive.The word ‘ Zay ' means ‘ Dress ' in Arabic .
Background
The Zay Initiative is a non-profit , UK registered initiative , advancing the preservation of both the tangible and intangible cultural heritage through the collection , documentation , and digital archiving of Arab historical attire and their stories . Through their work , events , and collection , they help sustain global cross-cultural dialogue . It was founded in 2018 by Reem El Mutwall .
The Collection
The constantly growing collection is a contextualization of over 1500 costumes and objects of adornment from the Arab world extending through the Silk Road and dating back to 1800s . A growing collection of Arab dress and adornment celebrating human narrative .
The core of the collection is based on the UAE traditional dress , with additional key examples from Yemen , Morocco , Kuwait , Iraq , Syria , Tunisia , Egypt , Bahrain , Qatar , Oman , Saudi Arabia , and other Arab cultures . The Zay Initiative is focused on growing a traditional dress collection with examples from across the Arab world alongside relevant pieces from Iran , India , China , Ottoman Turkey and elsewhere that highlight the exchange of historical influence along the Silk Road .
Mission
The Zay Initiative aims to collect , document and conserve Arab dress and adornment and promote an understanding of the evolution of regional culture . In summary , the Five Pillars of the Zay Initiative are :
Collect , document and conserve Arab dress and adornment .
Present and contextualise through a digital archive and blog .
Encourage intercultural dialogue to highlight shared humanity .
Inspire and educate designers to create for a sustainable future .
Empower women regionally and globally by bringing their untold stories to life .
Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs )
The Zay Initiative is committed to The UN 's 17 Global Goals for Sustainable Development - agreed by 193 government entities worldwide - that aim to bring about an improved standard of living to all people by 2030 . The Zay Initiative closely align with :
4 ) Quality Education
5 ) Gender Equality
11 ) Sustainable Cities and Communities
16 ) Peace , Justice , and Strong Institutions
References
External links
Official website
Initiatives
Digital library projects
Non-profit organisations based in the United Kingdom
Skeletal Lamping is the ninth studio album by Athens , Georgia-based band of Montreal .
Kevin Barnes said about the title : `` This record is my attempt to bring all of my puzzling , contradicting , disturbing , humorous ... fantasies , ruminations and observations to the surface , so that I can better dissect and understand their reason for being in my head . Hence the title , Skeletal Lamping . ''
Lamping is the name of a hunting technique of using a powerful beam to dazzle animals to the extent that they can be approached closely and collected , inspected or shot .
Style
As with most of Montreal albums , Kevin Barnes performed almost all the instrumental and vocal tracks himself .
In an interview with Wireless Bollinger in 2007 , Barnes described their concept for the follow-up to Hissing Fauna , Are You the Destroyer ? as an album composed of hundreds of consecutive short segments ranging from thirty to fifty seconds in length , with the intention that it `` feel like one long piece with hundreds of movements . ''
In an interview with Pitchfork Media , Barnes stated that of Montreal would continue to evolve with Skeletal Lamping :
`` Musically , it is sort of all over the place , too . There really is n't necessarily a sense of continuity there . It 's definitely funkier . It 's maybe developing off of things like `` Faberge Falls for Shuggie '' and `` Labyrinthian Pomp '' from Hissing Fauna . It 's kind of moving things in those directions . It 's something that I find exciting , as it 's not something that I 've really worked with a lot in the past . It still holds some mystery for me . I really feel there is something I can use in that genre . It 's fun for me too because it kind of [ ... ] goes against the kind and gentle side of indie rock . Funk music is not like that at all . ''
Distribution
Skeletal Lamping was released on October 21 , 2008 . The album was released in different formats , including conventional CD and vinyl , as well as T-shirts , a button set , wall decals , and a paper lantern , the latter formats included a digital download code for the album itself .
All items for the collection were designed by The Bee With Wheels ( David Barnes ) and Gemini Tactics ( Nina Barnes ) , a coalition termed the 'Apollinaire Rave Collective ' . In an essay addressing the concept behind the album 's release , Kevin Barnes stated `` We feel that there 's no reason to produce another object that just sits on a shelf . We only want to produce objects that have a function and that can be treasured for their singularness . ''
The concept was explained directly on the album 's packaging ,
`` The goal of the Skeletal Lamping Collection is to expand the perception of music packaging beyond traditional flat , square artwork . The album exists in seven different packaging formats : CD , LP , T-shirt , tote bag , button set , paper lantern , and wall decals . Each Item in the Skeletal Lamping Collection includes both the digital album and its unique packaging of the album art .
Ideally , every object you bring into your home should feel exceptional to you , otherwise , it just adds to the clutter and chaos of your life . We feel , there 's no reason to produce another object that just sits on a shelf . We only want to produce objects that have functionality and can be treasured for their singularity . Objects that can transform a room , bend the mind and inform your dreams . ''
Georgie Fruit
Georgie Fruit is the name of Kevin Barnes ' African-American cross-dressing stage persona , similar in many ways to David Bowie 's alter ego Ziggy Stardust . Georgie Fruit was first mentioned on Montreal 's 2007 album Hissing Fauna , Are You the Destroyer ? during the song `` Labyrinthian Pomp '' .
In several interviews , Barnes has described the role of Georgie Fruit on Hissing Fauna , Are You the Destroyer ? :
`` Barnes themselves has described the album as a concept album , 'detailing their transformation from Kevin Barnes into Georgie Fruit . '
...
'The transformation takes place during `` The Past Is a Grotesque Animal , ' the 12-minute-long 'turning point ' of the album . ''
Georgie Fruit plays a prominent role on Skeletal Lamping . In the same interview with Pitchfork Media , Barnes elaborated on the Georgie Fruit 's background and character :
`` The character 's name is Georgie Fruit , and he 's in their late forties , a black man who has been through multiple sex changes . He 's been a man and a woman , and then back to a man . He 's been to prison a couple of times . In the 1970s they were in a band called `` Arousal '' , a funk rock band sort of like the Ohio Players . Then they went through a few different phases . ''
On September 24 , 2020 , in a post titled `` Georgie Fruit Revisited , '' Kevin Barnes revealed the motive behind the creation of Georgie Fruit , saying `` More than a decade ago I created a songwriting persona named Georgie Fruit to help me escape from my chemical depression and neurosis . I wanted to become something glamorous and playful because I was suicidal and miserable . I wanted this character to be as far removed from my real life as possible . So many of my heroes are Black musicians and artists , so I made my writing persona Black . This writing persona was also Trans . Inhabiting this Trans persona actually helped me discover that -even before I knew the term for it- I have always identified as Non Binary . ''
They went on to apologize , writing `` It 's important to me that people understand that I 'm cognizant of what is problematic about Georgie Fruit . I apologize to anyone who was hurt or misrepresented by Georgie . It definitely was n't my intention to create more pain in the world , especially for our most vulnerable friends . ''
Music and lyrics in “ Wicked Wisdom ” , the second track on Skeletal Lamping , have been overdubbed and changed from “ I 'm just a black she-male ” to “ I 'm just a powdered belle ” to more accurately reflect Barnes ' statement on Georgie Fruit .
Track listing
All songs written by Kevin Barnes .
`` Nonpareil of Favor '' – 5:48
`` Wicked Wisdom '' – 5:00
`` For Our Elegant Caste '' – 2:35
`` Touched Something 's Hollow '' – 1:26
`` An Eluardian Instance '' – 4:35
`` Gallery Piece '' – 3:48
`` Women 's Studies Victims '' – 2:59
`` St . Exquisite 's Confessions '' – 4:35
`` Triphallus , to Punctuate ! '' – 3:23
`` And I 've Seen a Bloody Shadow '' – 2:23
`` Plastis Wafer '' – 7:11
`` Death Is n't a Parallel Move '' – 3:01
`` Beware Our Nubile Miscreants '' – 4:52
`` Mingusings '' – 3:01
`` Id Engager '' – 3:24
Polyvinyl digital bonus EP
Jimmy ( M.I.A . cover ) - 3:46
Feminine Effects - 2:56
Little Rock - 0:58
References
External links
Live of Montreal performance featuring unreleased tracks
of Montreal 's official website
Kevin Barnes ' announcement of the album being completed .
URB Magazine album review
Kevin Barnes talks about Skeletal Lamping with Robin Hilton of NPR
Billboard review of Skeletal Lamping
Apollinaire Rave Collective store on Polyvinyl
2008 albums
Of Montreal albums
Polyvinyl Record Co. albums
Huaidi , Huai Di , Emperor Huai , or the Huai Emperor may refer to :
Huai of Xia ( Chinese : , Huái ) , a semilegendary monarch of the Xia Dynasty
Emperor Huai of Jin China ( , Huái ) , an early 4th-century monarch
FK Makedonija Gjorče Petrov 1932 ( ) , until 2012 known as MFK Treska ( ) is a football club based in the Gjorče Petrov neighborhood , formerly in the village of Šiševo near Skopje , Republic of Macedonia .
History
The club was founded in 1982 .
Since Makedonija Gjorče Petrov was abolished in the First League in the 2009–10 season , the club was unable to participate at the top level . Therefore , the club 's board took over MFK Treska from the nearby village of Šiševo , moved the team to the Gjorče Petrov Stadium . Before the takeover by Makedonija Gjorče Petrov ' head office , their home games were played at the Šiševo football field . At the season 2011-12 , the club started as FK Treska and at the mid season changed the name into Makedonija Gjorče Petrov 1932 .
References
External links
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Football Federation of Macedonia
Defunct football clubs in North Macedonia
Football clubs in Skopje
Association football clubs established in 1982
Association football clubs disestablished in 2012
1982 establishments in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia
2012 disestablishments in the Republic of Macedonia
The gray-throated warbling finch ( Microspingus cabanisi ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae . It is found in forest borders and woodland in south-eastern Brazil , far eastern Paraguay , far north-eastern Argentina , and Uruguay . It was previously considered conspecific with the buff-throated warbling finch , and together they were known as the red-rumped warbling finch . The SACC found enough evidence to split them in 2009 .
References
Assis , C. P. , M. A. Raposo & R. Parrini . ( 2007 ) . Validação de Poospiza cabanisi Bonaparte , 1850 ( Passeriformes : Emberizidae ) . Revista Brasileira de Ornitologia 15 ( 1 ) : 103–102 .
gray-throated warbling finch
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Uruguay
gray-throated warbling finch
gray-throated warbling finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hill Regional Career High School is a magnet high school located in the Hill area of New Haven , Connecticut , United States . Its original name was Lee High School , named after one of New Haven 's most famous mayors , Richard C. Lee . The school 's curriculum is aligned with national , state and district standards , as well as providing career exploration programs to prepare students for entry into the fields of business/technology and health/science .
Notable alumni
Tony Sparano , former Head Coach of the Miami Dolphins
References
External links
Schools in New Haven , Connecticut
Public high schools in Connecticut
Magnet schools in Connecticut
Wang Guangli ( ) ( born November 1966 ) , nicknamed `` King Death '' is a film director . A native of Sichuan—and a psychology professor by education—Wang eventually turned to film , making underground independent features that were often censored due to their political content . In 2001 , however , Wang decided to obtain official state backing for their film Go For Broke , which , despite its support from the Shanghai Film Studio , was limited in its release—even domestically—due to its use of the Shanghainese dialect .
Wang has since shifted away from more serious works with the comedies Karmic Mahjong ( 2006 ) and Dangerous Games ( 2007 ) .
Filmography
References
External links
Wang Guangli at the Chinese Movie Database
Film directors from Sichuan
Screenwriters from Sichuan
1966 births
Living people
Writers from Meishan
Educators from Sichuan
Aksu is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Burdur District
Kulik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north of Siedliszcze , north-west of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Larry Eugene Hisle ( ; born May 5 , 1947 ) is an American former professional baseball player and hitting coach . They played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as an outfielder for the Philadelphia Phillies ( 1968–71 ) , Minnesota Twins ( 1973–77 ) , and Milwaukee Brewers ( 1978–82 ) . A two-time All-Star , they were the American League ( AL ) RBI champion . As a coach , Hisle was a member of two World Series-winning teams for the Toronto Blue Jays .
Playing career
Hisle was drafted by the Phillies in the second round of the 1965 MLB draft as the 38th overall pick . They signed in August and made their professional debut with the Class A Huron Phillies in 1966 . Hisle made their MLB debut on April 10 , 1968 and played in seven games before being sent back down to the minors . Hisle played their first full season in 1969 , when they batted .266 with 20 home runs and finished fourth in NL Rookie of the Year voting . Their average plummeted to .204 over the next two seasons and they were subsequently traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers on October 21 , 1971 . Five days later , the Dodgers traded them to the St. Louis Cardinals . They spent all of the 1972 with the Triple-A Albuquerque Dukes , where they batted .325 with 23 home runs , 91 runs batted in and 20 stolen bases over 131 games . They were traded along with John Cumberland by the Cardinals to the Twins for Wayne Granger on November 29 , 1972 .
In a spring training game for the Minnesota Twins on March 6 , 1973 , Hisle was MLB 's first designated hitter ; in five at bats , they hit two home runs ( one of them a grand slam ) and had seven RBIs . A month later , Ron Blomberg of the New York Yankees would become the first DH in a regular-season game . That year , Hisle hit .272 with 15 home runs . They remained a reliable member of the Twins ' lineup throughout the mid-1970s , and hit for the cycle on June 4 , 1976 . Hisle 's best season with the Twins came in 1977 , when they hit .302 with 28 home runs and an AL-leading 119 RBIs , as well as being named to their first All-Star Game .
After the 1977 season , Hisle became a free agent and signed with the Milwaukee Brewers . In 1978 , Hisle turned in another productive year as they hit .290 and finished third in AL MVP voting . Their 34 home runs , 115 RBIs and 96 runs scored placed second , third , and fifth in the American League respectively . A torn rotator cuff suffered in 1979 limited Hisle 's playing time for the remainder of their career , as they played in only 79 games over their final four seasons before retiring in 1982 .
Post-playing career
Hisle was the hitting coach for the Toronto Blue Jays from 1992 through 1995 , helping them to World Series titles in 1992 and 1993 . Under their coaching in 1993 , Toronto players John Olerud , former Brewer teammate Paul Molitor , and Roberto Alomar finished 1-2-3 in the American League in batting average .
As of 2019 , Hisle is employed with the Milwaukee Brewers as Manager of Youth Outreach , and is the president of Major League Mentoring in Milwaukee .
See also
List of Major League Baseball players to hit for the cycle
List of Major League Baseball annual runs batted in leaders
References
Further reading
External links
Larry Hisle at SABR ( Baseball BioProject )
1947 births
Living people
Baseball players from Ohio
American expatriate baseball people in Canada
American League All-Stars
African-American baseball players
African-American baseball coaches
Milwaukee Brewers players
Minnesota Twins players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Huron Phillies players
Tidewater Tides players
Florida Instructional League Phillies players
Eugene Emeralds players
San Diego Padres ( minor league ) players
Albuquerque Dukes players
American League RBI champions
Major League Baseball outfielders
Major League Baseball left fielders
Major League Baseball center fielders
Major League Baseball right fielders
Major League Baseball coaches
People from Portsmouth , Ohio
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Wau Airport is an airport serving Wau in Papua New Guinea .
A grass runway was constructed in 1927 by Cecil Levien with the assistance of native labourers . The first landing at Wau was made on 19 April 1927 by Ernest Mustar in a De Havilland DH.37 owned by Guinea Gold Airways from Lae Airfield . The airfield was extended during the Second World War to 1500 x 100 x 4000 yards as described in 1942 . Wau airfield was a rough Kunai grass airstrip in length with a 12 % slope heading directly for Mount Kaindi . Aircraft could approach from the northeast only , landing uphill and taking off downhill . The mountain at the end of the runway prevented second attempts at landing and precluded extension of the strip . Pilots had to manoeuvre Dakotas under clouds and through dangerous passes , `` dodging a peak here and cloud there '' , landing at high speeds . This required good visibility , but the weather over Owen Stanley Range was characterised by frequent storms , down drafts , and mists which rose from the jungle floor .
The Imperial Japanese Army sent 3,000 troops from Salamaua and Mubo along the Black Cat Track to seize Wau Airfield from the Australians . The Japanese force was known as the Okabe Detachment and was commanded by Major General Toru Okabe . The Japanese offensive was stopped by the Australian Army force known as Kanga Force in the battle of Wau .
A Royal Australian Air Force C-47 Dakota ( # A65-92 ) crashed at the airfield on 22 October 1960 and was written off .
Citations
References
Airports in Papua New Guinea
1927 establishments in Papua New Guinea
Morobe Province
The Great Trade Collapse , a consequence of the 2008 financial crisis , occurred between the third quarter of 2008 and the second quarter of 2009 . During this time , world GDP dropped by 1 % and world trade dropped by 10 % . This drop in global trade was synchronized across almost every country in the world . Researchers cite three main reasons for the collapse : sudden drops in demand and supply , credit constraint , and a stifled global value chain .
See also
Financial crisis
References
Financial crises
Panasonic Lumix DMC-3D1 is a digital camera by Panasonic Lumix . The highest-resolution pictures it records is 12.1 megapixels , through its 25mm Lumix DC VARIO x2 .
Property
Stabilized 2-Lens System , 25mm Wide
4X Zoom with MEGA O.I.S .
3D and 2D Video and Stills with Dual Shooting Options
3.5-inch Touch Enabled LCD
1080/60i HD Video
References
External links
DMC-3D1K on shop.panasonic.com
Panasonic Lumix DMC-3D1 Review
Point-and-shoot cameras
3D1
The women 's team table tennis event was part of the table tennis programme at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo . The event took place from 1 August to 5 August 2021 at Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium .
Format
Teams were made up of three players . Each team match was made up of five individual matches and ended when either side has won three matches . The order of a team match was changed as follows : a doubles match , two singles matches , and if neither side had won three matches by this point , a maximum of two extra singles matches were played . The new order avoids any players playing two matches in succession , and forces players who play two singles to compete in the second individual match .
Qualification
Schedule
Seeds
The women 's team Olympic qualification rankings published in July 2021 was used for seeding purposes . The results of the draw are announced on 21 July at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium . Each team is eligible to nominate one reserve player to the Tokyo Games to replace a team member who is injured or has an illness .
Bracket
Results
First round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Bronze medal match
Gold medal match
References
External links
Results Books : Tokyo 2020 . The Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games . ( 2021 ) .
Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games . ITTF
2020 Summer Olympics / Table Tennis / Team , Women . Olympedia.org
Women 's team
Women 's events at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Fabio Galante ( born 20 November 1973 ) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a defender . They represented Italy at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Playing career
Galante was born in Montecatini Terme , Province of Pistoia . They started their professional career for Serie C1 side Empoli F.C. , then coached by Luciano Spalletti . They successively moved to Genoa C.F.C . in 1994 , where they won the 1996 Anglo-Italian Cup . They then switched to Internazionale in 1996 . With Internazionale , Galante played three seasons , mostly as a backup player , winning an UEFA Cup title in 1998 .
In 1999 , they signed for Torino Calcio , initially on loan . Torino paid 5.1 billion lire to sign Galante permanently in June 2000 , but at the same time selling half of the registration rights of Riccardo Fissore and Franco Semioli to Inter for 6 billion lire ( Fissore was later bought back by Torino the following summer for 2 billion lire , meaning the club had acquired Fissore by paying Inter 1.1 billion lire in cash and half of Semioli ) . Galante spent four seasons with Torino in total , two of them in Serie A . They helped the club to gain Serie A promotion , winning the 2000–01 Serie B title ; the following season they helped the club to win a spot in the 2002 UEFA Intertoto Cup .
In 2004 , after having been relegated to the role of a backup defender in the Torino squad , they moved to Livorno , where they quickly became a key player and helped the team to maintain a Serie A place until 2008 . They were subsequently released for free by the amaranto , but in November 2008 they agreed on a one-year contract with their former team , returning to Livorno for their 2008–09 Serie B campaign .
After football
Galante received their coaching licence on 15 December 2017 .
Honours
Genoa
Anglo-Italian Cup : 1995–96
Inter
UEFA Cup : 1997–98
Torino
Serie B : 2000–01
Italy under-21
UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship : 1994 , 1996
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Province of Pistoia
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
Genoa C.F.C . players
Inter Milan players
Torino F.C . players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
Empoli F.C . players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Italy youth international footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Footballers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Italy
UEFA Cup winning players
Footballers from Tuscany
Genbox Family History is genealogy software for Microsoft Windows , developed by Thoughtful Creations . It functions as a database , a research planner and task organizer , a data analyzer , a chart producer , and a report writer .
Features
Genbox has evolved since its first release in 1993 as a DOS family tree charting application . It is now a complete genealogy software package , with project organisation features , support for data and media storage , source citations , and the production of complex and customizable charts and reports .
Some of its features include :
Support for complex relationships among individuals , events , dates , places , and source citations : multiple personal names and identifiers , optionally linked to defining events , can be stored for individuals . Accurate relationships between each child and any number or type ( biological , adoptive , foster , step , etc . ) of parents can be stored . Any number of event types , attributes , and flags can be defined . Witnesses to events can be recorded , along with their roles .
An unlimited number of event types and source types are supported with a sophisticated , multi-language template system . Event sentences and citation formats can be customized by the user .
Reports can be generated in rtf and HTML format .
Multimedia support for images , audio , and video
Full Unicode support , GEDCOM import and export .
History
Genbox version 1.0 was originally released in 1992 as a DOS-based charting application .
Genbox version 2.0 was released in 1994 .
Work began on the Windows version of Genbox Family History in August 1998
Windows release history
Genbox 3.0 : Feb 02 , 2003 . Included support for multiple names and parent relationships , witnesses , templates for event and source citations .
Genbox 3.1.5 : Oct 18 , 2003
Genbox 3.2 : Jun 20 , 2004
Genbox 3.3 : Oct 23 , 2004
Genbox 3.4 : Apr 30 , 2005
Genbox 3.5 : Jul 9 , 2005
Genbox 3.6 : Oct 2 , 2005
Genbox 3.7 : Feb 3 , 2007
Genbox 3.7.1 : Nov 16 , 2007
File format
Genbox 's underlying database engine is stored using the Access Database Engine ( ACE/JET ) : the Genbox database can be opened in Microsoft Access .
Format and structure of Genbox databases ( .GDB ) -Last Updated : 3 July 2006 for Version 3.6.5
References
External links
Genbox FAQ
Windows-only genealogy software
Pseudocolopteryx is a genus of bird in the family Tyrannidae . They are found in marshy habitats in South America . All have yellow underparts .
Species
The genus contains five species :
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Shetland South is one of the seven wards used to elect members of the Shetland Islands Council . It elects three Councillors .
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 Shetland Islands Council election
2017 Election
2017 Shetland Islands Council election
2012 Election
2012 Shetland Islands Council election
2007 Election
2007 Shetland Islands Council election
References
Wards of Shetland
Dryden is a town in Tompkins County , New York , United States . The population was 14,435 at the 2010 census . The town administers an area that includes two villages , one also named Dryden and one named Freeville , as well as a number of hamlets . The town is on the county 's eastern border , east of Ithaca , in the Finger Lakes region .
History
The region was part of the Central New York Military Tract , land given as compensation to soldiers of the American Revolution . Robert Harpur , a Clerk in the office of the New York State Surveyor General who named numerous New York townships in 1790 based on their own classical studies , named Dryden for John Dryden ( 1631–1700 ) , the English poet and a translator of the classics ( including the works of Virgil , with the town of Virgil being the next town east of Dryden ) . Dryden was also the translator of Plutarch 's work Lives of the Noble Greeks and Romans , which Harpur likely sourced for many of the names in the Military Tract .
The first settler arrived around 1797 . The town of Dryden was established in 1803 from the town of Ulysses . In 1856 , some areas in the far southwest part of Dryden were ceded to the growing village of Caroline , New York , created from the Town of Spencer in 1811 .
In 2009 , Dryden 's Southworth Library sold an original manuscript of an Abraham Lincoln speech that had been delivered at the White House after their re-election . The document had been in the library 's possession since 1926 . It sold for $ 3.44 million , a record-high selling price for an American historical document at an auction .
The Dryden District School No . 5 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 , as was the Ellis Methodist Episcopal Church in 1993 .
The Village of the Damned is on Investigative Discovery and is about Dryden , NY
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of 94.2 square miles ( 243.9 km2 ) , of which , 93.9 square miles ( 243.1 km2 ) of it is land and 0.3 square miles ( 0.8 km2 ) of it ( 0.31 % ) is water .
The east town line is the border of Cortland County , where it borders Virgil , New York and Harford , New York . Continuing clockwise , bordering towns are Caroline , New York , Danby , New York , Ithaca ( town ) , New York , Lansing ( town ) , New York , and Groton ( town ) , New York .
New York State Route 13 intersects New York State Route 38 at Dryden village . New York State Route 79 crosses the southwest part of the town , and New York State Route 366 crosses the central part and intersects NY-38 in Freeville . A small part of New York State Route 34B crosses the northwest corner of Dryden .
Cascadilla Creek flows out the west side of Dryden , as does Fall Creek and , in the far southwest corner of the town , Six Mile Creek . Virgil Creek is a major tributary of Fall Creek , entering it in Freeville after passing through the village of Dryden .
Demographics
As of the census of 2010 , there were 14,435 people , 6,016 households , and 3,555 families residing in the town . The population density was 153.9 people per square mile ( 57.3/km2 ) . There were 6,418 housing units at an average density of 68.4 per square mile ( 25.4/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the town was 93.7 % White , 4.2 % Black or African American , 1.2 % Native American , 2.7 % Asian , 0.1 % Pacific Islander , and 1.2 % from other races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.1 % of the population .
There were 6,016 households , out of which 26.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 44.5 % were married couples living together , 10.1 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 40.9 % were non-families . 27.5 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 6.9 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.85 .
In the town , the population was spread out , with 28.3 % under the age of 21 , 7.6 % from 20 to 24 , 25.4 % from 25 to 44 , 29.0 % from 45 to 64 , and 11.3 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37.6 years . For every 100 females , there were 100.0 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 95.6 males .
The median income for a household in the town was $ 60,514 , and the median income for a family was $ 72,596 . Males had a median income of $ 46,587 versus $ 45,200 for females . The per capita income for the town was $ 30,866 . About 4.4 % of families and 9.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 11.3 % of those under age 18 and 2.6 % of those age 65 or over .
Of the population 25 years and over , 23.5 % had a graduate or professional degree , 20.2 % had a bachelor 's degree , 9.1 % had an associate 's , 18.7 % had matriculated at a college , 21.3 % had a high-school diploma , and 7.2 % had not graduated from high school .
More than half of all housing units in the town were built between 1970 and 2000 . Of the total housing stock , the median value was $ 155,800 , and the median monthly rent was $ 771 .
Communities and locations in the Town of Dryden
Bethel Grove – A hamlet on NY-79 in the southwest part of the town .
Dryden – A village located on NY-13 .
Dryden Lake – A small lake near the east town line .
Dryden Lake Wildlife Management Area – A conservation area by the east town line .
Ellis ( or `` Ellis Hollow '' ) – A hamlet in the southwest part of the town . The Ellis Methodist Episcopal Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 .
Etna – A hamlet located near Ithaca .
Freeville – A village located on NY-38 .
Hibbards Corners – A location in the western part of the town .
Howland Corners – A location at the west town line on NY-34B .
Lacy Corners – A hamlet north of Dryden village .
Malloryville – A location in the northeast part of Dryden .
Peruton – A location by the north town line .
Red Mills – A hamlet northeast of Freeville .
Smith Corners – A location at the west town line south of Howland Corners .
Varna – A hamlet located near the west town line on NY-366 .
West Dryden – A hamlet in the northwest part of Dryden . The West Dryden Methodist Episcopal Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 .
Willow Glen – A location west of Dryden village on NY-13 .
Notable people
Cueball Carmichael ( born 1960 ) , professional wrestler and trainer
References
External links
Town of Dryden
Towns in Tompkins County , New York
Populated places established in 1803
1803 establishments in New York ( state )
Alex Sampao ( born 31 December 1996 ) is a Kenyan sprinter .
They won gold at the 2015 African Games as part of the 4x400 metre relay team .
They competed in the men 's 400 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics .
They competed in the man 's 800 metres at the 2017 Gavardo Memorial Max Corso ( ITA )
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Kenyan male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Kenya
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
African Games gold medalists for Kenya
African Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2015 African Games
Michael Anthony Dorris ( January 30 , 1945 – April 10 , 1997 ) was an American novelist and scholar who was the first Chair of the Native American Studies program at Dartmouth College . Their works include the novel A Yellow Raft in Blue Water ( 1987 ) and the memoir The Broken Cord ( 1989 ) .
The Broken Cord , which won the 1989 National Book Critics Circle Award for General Nonfiction , was about dealing with their adopted son , who had fetal alcohol syndrome , and the widespread damage among children born with this problem . The work helped provoke Congress to approve legislation to warn of the dangers of drinking alcohol during pregnancy .
They were married to author Louise Erdrich , and the two had a family of six children . They collaborated in some of their writing . They separated in 1995 . They committed suicide in 1997 while police were investigating allegations that they had abused their daughters .
Biography
Michael Dorris was born in Louisville , Kentucky to Mary Besy ( née Burkhardt ) and Jim Dorris . ( The senior Dorris was later reported as mixed race , with a Native American father . ) Their father died before Dorris was born ( reportedly by suicide during WWII ) . Dorris was raised as an only child by their mother , who became a secretary for the Democratic Party . Two maternal relatives reportedly also helped raise him , either two aunts , or an aunt and their maternal grandmother . In their youth , they spent summers with their father 's relatives on reservations in Montana and Washington state . The Washington Post reported that they were raised in part by a stepfather .
In an article published in New York Magazine two months after Dorris ' death , a reporter quoted the Modoc tribal historian as saying , `` Dorris was probably the descendant of a white man named Dorris whom records show befriended the Modocs on the West Coast just before and after the Modoc War of 1873 . Even so , there is no record of a Dorris having been enrolled as an Indian citizen on the Klamath rolls . '' The Washington Post reported : `` Dorris ' father 's mother , who was white , became pregnant by their Indian boyfriend , but , the times being what they were , they could not marry him . They later married a white man named Dorris . ''
Dorris received their BA ( cum laude ) in English and Classics from Georgetown University in 1967 and a Master 's degree from Yale University in anthropology in 1971 , after beginning studies for a theater degree . They did their field work in Alaska , studying the effects of offshore drilling on the Native Alaskan communities . At a time of rising Native American activism , in 1972 , Dorris helped form Dartmouth College 's Native American Studies department , and served as its first chair .
In 1971 , they became one of the first unmarried men in the United States to adopt a child . Their adopted son , a 3-year-old Lakota boy named Reynold Abel , was eventually diagnosed with fetal alcohol syndrome . Dorris ' struggle to understand and care for their son became the subject of their 1987 memoir The Broken Cord ( in which they use the pseudonym `` Adam '' for their son ) . Dorris adopted two more Native American children , Jeffrey Sava in 1974 and Madeline Hannah in 1976 , both of whom also likely suffered from fetal alcohol syndrome .
They wrote the text to accompany the photographs of Joseph C. Farber in the book Native Americans : Five Hundred Years After ( 1975 ) . They were named a Guggenheim Fellow in 1977 for their work in Anthropology & Cultural Studies . In 1980 , they took their three adopted children with them from Cornish , New Hampshire to New Zealand , where they had arranged a year 's sabbatical .
After returning to the United States in 1981 , they married Louise Erdrich , a writer of Anishinaabe , German-American , and Métis descent . They had met 10 years earlier while they were teaching at Dartmouth and they were a student . During their sabbatical in New Zealand , Dorris and Erdrich had begun corresponding regularly by mail . After their marriage , they adopted their three children . They had three daughters together : Persia Andromeda , Pallas Antigone , and Aza Marion .
Dorris and Erdrich contributed to each other 's writing and together wrote romance fiction under the pseudonym Milou North to supplement their income . Many of the latter pieces were published in the British magazine Woman .
Erdrich dedicated their novels The Beet Queen ( 1986 ) , Tracks ( 1988 ) , and The Bingo Palace to Dorris . The family lived in Cornish , New Hampshire .
While teaching at Dartmouth , Dorris frequently mentored other students . They were part of the successful effort to eliminate the college 's Indian mascot . In 1985 , after the couple had received major grants , the family moved for a year to Northfield , Minnesota .
Beginning in 1986 , Dorris ' son Sava was sent to boarding school and military school . Madaline began attending boarding school when they were 12 . After the success of The Broken Cord in 1989 , and an advance of $ 1.5 million for the outline of Crown of Columbus , Dorris quit teaching at Dartmouth to become a full-time writer . In 1991 , their oldest son Reynold Abel was hit by a car and killed . Dorris , Erdrich , and their three daughters moved to Kalispell , Montana , allegedly because of death threats Sava had made towards them . They later returned to New Hampshire in 1993 . They finally moved to the Piper Mansion in Minneapolis .
Sava sent a letter to the couple in 1994 threatening to `` destroy their lives '' and demanding money . Dorris and Erdrich took Sava to court for attempted felony theft . The first jury deadlocked , and the next year Sava was acquitted of the charges .
The couple separated in 1995 . Dorris went for treatment of alcohol abuse at Hazelden . Dorris and Erdrich divorced in 1996 . Dorris considered themselves `` addicted to '' Erdrich and fell into a depression .
Madeline and two of Dorris ' biological daughters made allegations of abuse against him . In March 1997 , Dorris made a suicide attempt . On April 10 , 1997 , they used a combination of suffocation , drugs , and alcohol to end their lives in the Brick Tower Motor Inn in Concord , New Hampshire . In conversations with friends , Dorris maintained their innocence and their lack of faith that the legal system would exonerate them without theirs `` demolishing '' their wife and children in a `` vicious '' court trial . With their death , the criminal investigations into the sexual abuse allegations were closed .
Reception
Dorris was the author , co-author , or editor of a dozen books in the genres of fiction , memoirs and essays , and non-fiction .
Their Yellow Raft in Blue Water ( 1987 ) has been named among the `` finest literary debuts of the late 20th century . '' It tells the story of three generations of women , in a non-linear fashion , from multiple perspectives , a technique that Dorris would frequently use in their later writings as well .
Their memoir The Broken Cord is credited with bringing `` international attention to the problem of fetal alcohol syndrome '' ( `` FAS '' ) . The book won a number of awards , including the Christopher Award and the National Book Critics Circle Award for general non-fiction . It is credited with inspiring Congressional legislation on FAS . It was adapted as a made-for TV film , with Jimmy Smits playing Dorris . In an essay originally published in the WicaSa Review , Elizabeth Cook-Lynn criticizes Dorris and Erdrich ( who had written the Foreword ) , claiming that they were calling for the jailing of alcoholic Native mothers during their pregnancies to forestall fetal alcohol syndrome .
When they and Erdrich co-wrote The Crown of Columbus ( the only fiction they officially share credit for , although they frequently stated that they collaborated on other works ) , each individually wrote a preliminary draft of each section . Within the novel , various characters are writing collaborators . The work has been characterized as an autobiographical representation of the creative `` pleasure and problems '' that Dorris and Erdrich shared .
In Cloud Chamber ( 1997 ) , Dorris continued the story of the families introduced in Yellow Raft in Blue Water , telling `` the hard story of hard people living difficult lives with much courage '' . It was described as written in `` evocative prose '' . < ref > Publishers Weekly < /ref >
Dorris published three works for young adults during their lifetime ; The Window was published posthumously . These novels also explore their themes of identity and sibling rivalry .
Works
Native Americans Five Hundred Years After ( with photographer Joseph Farber , 1975 )
A Guide to Research on North American Indians ( with Mary Byler and Arlene Hirschfelder , 1983 )
A Yellow Raft in Blue Water ( 1987 )
The Broken Cord : Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and the Loss of the Future ( 1989 )
The Crown of Columbus ( with Louise Erdrich , 1991 )
Route Two and Back ( with Louise Erdrich , 1991 )
Morning Girl ( 1992 )
Working Men ( 1993 )
Rooms in the House of Stone ( 1993 )
Paper Trail ( essays , 1994 )
Guests ( 1995 )
Sees Behind Trees ( 1996 )
Cloud Chamber ( 1997 )
The Window ( 1997 )
The Most Wonderful Books : Writers on Discovering the Pleasures of Reading , edited ( 1997 )
See also
List of writers from peoples indigenous to the Americas
Native American Renaissance
Native American Studies
References
Other sources
`` Michael Dorris . '' Newsmakers 1997 , Issue 4 . Gale Research , 1997 .
Contemporary Authors Online , Gale , 2005 .
Gleick , Elizabeth . `` An imperfect union . '' Time , April 28 , 1997 , v149 n17 p68 ( 2 )
`` Michael Anthony Dorris . '' Notable Native Americans . Gale Research , 1995 .
Further reading
Vizenor , Gerald Robert . 1999 . Manifest Manners : Narratives on Postindian Survivance '' . University of Nebraska Press .
External links
Guide to the Papers of Michael Dorris at Rauner Special Collections Library , Dartmouth College
1945 births
1997 suicides
Writers from Louisville , Kentucky
20th-century American novelists
American children 's writers
20th-century American memoirists
Dartmouth College faculty
Georgetown University alumni
Drug-related suicides in New Hampshire
American male novelists
American male essayists
20th-century American essayists
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from Kentucky
People from Cornish , New Hampshire
Yevgeny Ottovich Gunst ( ; May 26 ( Julian ) / June 7 ( Gregorian ) , 1877 – January 30 , 1950 ) was a Russian composer , pianist , music essayist and pedagogue . They were the brother of architect Anatoly Gunst .
Biography
Gunst was born in Moscow to Otto Karlovich Gunst , member of the State Council of Imperial Russia , who had German ancestors . They studied law as well as composition , music theory and piano at the State Conservatory , also having private lessons with renowned composers like Reinhold Glière and Alexander Goldenweiser . In 1909 , they co-founded the Moscow Chamber Music Theatre along with Sergei Rachmaninoff amongst others .
In 1920 , Gunst had to emigrate to Tallinn ( Estonia ) before later settling down in Paris . There they co-founded the Conservatoire Rachmaninoff in 1924 , but had to leave in 1931 due to political differences . They founded their own conservatory , but soon had to close it as the Great Depression was still ongoing . They worked as an arranger ( banking ) and copyist in Paris and became a close friend of Francis Poulenc . In 1949 , Gunst was about to migrate to the United States , but died in 1950 in Paris at the age of 72 .
Their estate has been found in 2009 , in the basement of the University of Basel 's Musicological Institute . Apparently , it was left undiscovered for many decades , as Gunst 's widow had bestowed their husband 's estate to the institute 's director , at that time Jacques Handschin , in the 1950s .
Notes
Free scores
1877 births
1950 deaths
20th-century classical composers
Moscow Conservatory alumni
Russian Romantic composers
Russian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Russian male classical composers
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to France
Naturalized citizens of France
Russian pianists
Composers for piano
20th-century Russian conductors ( music )
Russian male conductors ( music )
20th-century Russian male musicians
19th-century male musicians
The Rencong script , locally known as Surat Ulu ( 'upstream script ' ) , is a writing system found in central and south Sumatra , in the regions of Kerinci , Bengkulu , Palembang and Lampung , Indonesia . The script lasted until the 18th century , when the Dutch colonized Indonesia . It was used to write manuscripts in Sumatran languages and Malay , such as the Tanjung Tanah Code of Law . The Malay writing was gradually replaced by the Jawi script , a localized version of the Arabic script .
Rencong script was often written on tree bark , bamboo , horns and palmyra-palm leaves . Many of the Rencong alphabets are also known as `` Surat Ulu '' , or `` upriver scripts '' , given their prevalence away from a coastline .
The term `` Rencong '' is often confused with `` Rejang '' , which refers to a specific Rencong alphabet that was used to write various dialects of the Rejang language and for writing Malay in the region .
This map below shows the distribution of various Rencong alphabets in South Sumatra :
Unicode
Following are the code points for the letters of the Rencong script :
See also
Rejang alphabet
Lampung alphabet
References
External links
https : //www.unicode.org/L2/L2021/21116-surat-ulu.pdf
Brahmic scripts
Indonesian scripts
Adyge-Khabl ( ; ; ; ) is a rural locality ( an aul ) and the administrative center of Adyge-Khablsky District of the Karachay-Cherkess Republic , Russia . Population : The postal code is 369330 .
Demographics
In 2002 , the population comprised the following ethnic groups :
Cherkess ( 49.4 % )
Nogais ( 18.2 % )
Russians ( 12.4 % )
Abazins ( 9.0 % )
Karachays ( 2.0 % )
Others ( 9 % )
References
Rural localities in Karachay-Cherkessia
Joachim Hans Albrecht ( 31 March 1902 – 20 January 1961 ) was a German musicologist and university lecturer . They were professor at the Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel .
Life
Born in Magdeburg , Albrecht was son of Theodor Albrecht ( chief engineer ) and Klara Emmy Brandt in Magdeburg , Province of Saxony . They spent their childhood and youth in Essen , where they already prepared themselves for the music teacher examination during their period at the Essener Konservatorium ( 1911–1921 ) and completed this in 1921 in the main subject piano . In 1921 they began studying musicology . After one semester at the Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität they moved to the Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin , where they were a student of Johannes Wolf , Hermann Abert , Curt Sachs and Erich Moritz von Hornbostel . In 1925 Albrecht was awarded the title of Dr. phil . `` composer '' by Johannes Wolf at the Philosophical Faculty in Berlin with a dissertation on the performance practice of Italian music of the 14th century .
After the Seizure of control of National Socialism , they joined the National Socialist German Workers ' Party on 1 April 1933 . ( No . 1,691,130 ) . From 1 June 1933 to 1 January 1934 they were Blockleiter and local group culture warden . 1934 they became leader of the Landesmusikerschaft Rheinland of the Reichsmusikkammer . From November 1935 to 1937 they were a regional director of the Reichsmusikkammer im Gau Köln-Aachen . Heinz Drewes , whom they knew from their time as a student in Berlin , brought them to the Reichsministerium für Volksaufklärung und Propaganda in 1937 , where they were a consultant in Department X ( music ) until 1939 . Still mentioned in 2007 in the Kulturlexikon zum Dritten Reich , Ernst Klee waived Albrecht 's inclusion in the completely revised edition of 2009 .
Until 1937 Albrecht held several teaching positions at music schools , among other at the Witte Conservatory Essen ( 1925–1933 ) , at the Sievert Conservatory Wuppertal ( 1925–1935 ) and at the Folkwang School Food ( 1933–1937 ) . They were also a member of the Deutsche Bühnenkorrespondenz . They also organized music festivals in Bremen ( 1929 ) , Essen ( 1931 ) and Aachen ( 1933 ) . For the Reichsverband Deutscher Tonkünstler they co-designed the Rheinische Musikfeste .
A habilitation was initially not possible for him , since the musicological institutes in University of Cologne and the Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn had no free chair . In 1939 they joined the State Institute for Music Research in Berlin as a research assistant ( until 1941 ) . On 1 October 1940 they were appointed professor there despite being barred from the title . On 4 June 1942 they were habilitated at the Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel with a thesis on the life and work of Caspar Othmayr . The habilitation thesis was published in 1950 by Bärenreiter-Verlag in Kassel . They followed Max Seiffert in 1941 , after their emeritus , as provisional director of the State Institute for German Music Research . In 1942/43 they were also a representative of musicology in the Senate of the Prussian Academy of Arts in Berlin . When the institute was closed at the end of 1944 , Albrecht retired from this position . They took care of the inventory of subdivision 3 ( instrument museum ) at near Liegnitz in Silesia . In February 1945 they were called up for military service .
After 1945 they were classified as `` exonerated '' within the framework of the denazification . In 1947 they joined the musicological institute of the Christian-Albrechts-University Kiel as private lecturer in Kiel , where they taught until their death . They worked as an expert for the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft . Their research interests included the late 15th and early 16th century ( Renaissance music ) .
From 1954 to 1959 they worked as a research assistant at the German Music Historical Archive in Kassel , which was supervised by the . From 1953 to 1959 they were the director of series . In 1946 they co-founded the Gesellschaft für Musikforschung . From 1948 to 1960 they were editor of the organ Die Musikforschung and from 1958 to 1961 the Acta Musicologica of the International Musicological Society . They were also chairperson of the reaction committee of the facsimile series Documenta Musicologia . They headed the Kiel State Institute for Music Research from 1947 to 1961 . In 1953 they re-founded the Institute 's series of publications . From 1949 they continued Max Seiffert 's collection Organum . From 1951 to 1961 they also worked as director of the Johann-Sebastian-Bach-Institut at the Georg-August-Universität Göttingen . They were a close advisor Friedrich Blume and from 1947 to 1958 belonged to the editors of the encyclopaedia Die Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart .
Albrecht , a Protestant , was married and father of two children . Their son Gerd Albrecht ( 1935–2014 ) was conductor . They died in Kiel at age 58 .
Publications
Caspar Othmayr : Leben und Werk . Bärenreiter-Verlag , Kassel/Basel 1950 .
Die Bedeutung der Zeichen Keil , Strich und Punkt bei Mozart : 5 Lösungen einer Preisfrage ( Musikwissenschaftliche Arbeiten . No . 10 ) . Bärenreiter-Verlag , Kassel/Basel/London 1957 ( hg . im Auftrag der Gesellschaft für Musikforschung ) .
Autobiography :
Friedrich Blume : Die Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart on MGG1
References
Further reading
Anna Amalie Abert : Hans Albrecht zum Gedächtnis . In Die Musikforschung 14 ( 1961 ) 2 , .
Hans Albert on Grove Music
Friedrich Blume : Hans Albrecht , 31 March 1902 – 20 . January 1961 . In Acta Musicologica 33 ( 1961 ) 2/4 , .
Wilfried Brennecke , Hans Haase ( edit . ) : Hans Albrecht in Memoriam – Gedenkschrift mit Beiträgen von Freunden und Schülern . Bärenreiter , Kassel 1962 . Enthält eine ( geschönte ) Bibliographie der wissenschaftlichen Veröffentlichungen .
Wilfried Brennecke : In Memoriam Hans Albrecht . In : Revue belge de Musicologie / Belgisch Tijdschrift voor Muziekwetenschap 15 ( 1961 ) 1/4 , .
Mariano Pérez : Diccionario de la música y los músicos . Volume 1 : A–E . Ediciones Istmo , Madrid 2000 , , .
Fred K. Prieberg : Handbuch Deutsche Musiker 1933–1945 . 2nd edition. , Kopf , Kiel 2009 , , .
Wolfgang Sykorra : Von der Penne in die Welt : Borbecker Porträts . Edited by Lothar Böning . Ed . Rainruhr , Essen 2013 , , .
`` Albrecht , Hans . '' Baker 's Biographical Dictionary of Musicians . Encyclopedia.com . 15 June 2018. < http : //www.encyclopedia.com >
External links
Hans Albrecht in
German music historians
University of Kiel faculty
Bach scholars
Nazi Party members
1902 births
1961 deaths
Writers from Magdeburg
The 2021–22 season was the 115th season in the existence of Spezia Calcio and the club 's second consecutive season in the top flight of Italian football . In addition to the domestic league , Spezia participated in this season 's edition of the Coppa Italia .
Season overview
On 5 July 2021 , Thiago Motta was appointed head coach , replacing Vincenzo Italiano who had left for Fiorentina .
On 16 July , Spezia were banned from four transfer windows , starting in January 2022 , after breaching FIFA rules on signing minors . The club were also fined 500,000 Swiss francs ( $ 543,832 ) for the offense .
On 28 June 2022 , Motta left Spezia by mutual agreement .
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers and loans
Transfers in
Pre-season and friendlies
Spezia announced a squad of 24 players to take part in pre-season training , beginning on 12 July 2021 .
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 14 July 2021 .
Coppa Italia
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center '' | Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center '' | Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center '' | Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center '' | Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center '' | Players transferred out during the season
References
Spezia Calcio seasons
Spezia
Vellum is prepared animal skin or membrane , typically used as writing material . Parchment is another term for this material , and if vellum is distinguished from this , it is by its being made from calfskin , as opposed to that from other animals , or otherwise being of higher quality . Vellum is prepared for writing or printing on , to produce single pages , scrolls , codices , or books .
Modern scholars and custodians increasingly use only the less specific , potentially-confusing term `` membrane '' . Depending on factors such as the method of preparation it may be very hard to determine the animal species involved ( let alone its age ) without using a laboratory , and the term avoids the need to distinguish between vellum and parchment .
Vellum is generally smooth and durable , although there are great variations depending on preparation and the quality of the skin . The manufacture involves the cleaning , bleaching , stretching on a frame ( a `` herse '' ) , and scraping of the skin with a crescent-shaped knife ( a `` lunarium '' or `` lunellum '' ) . To create tension , scraping is alternated with wetting and drying . A final finish may be achieved by abrading the surface with pumice , and treating with a preparation of lime or chalk to make it accept writing or printing ink .
Modern `` paper vellum '' is made of synthetic plant material , and is called such for its usage and quality similarities . Paper vellum is used for a variety of purposes including tracing , technical drawings , plans and blueprints .
Terminology
The word `` vellum '' is borrowed from Old French vélin 'calfskin ' , derived in turn from the Latin word vitulinum 'made from calf ' . However , in Europe , from Roman times , the word was used for the best quality of prepared skin , regardless of the animal from which the hide was obtained . Calf , sheep , and goat were all commonly used , and other animals , including pig , deer , donkey , horse , or camel were used on occasion . The best quality , `` uterine vellum '' , was said to be made from the skins of stillborn or unborn animals , although the term was also applied to fine quality skins made from young animals . However , there has long been much blurring of the boundaries between these terms . In 1519 , William Horman could write in their Vulgaria : `` That stouffe that we wrytte upon , and is made of beestis skynnes , is somtyme called parchement , somtyme velem , somtyme abortyve , somtyme membraan . '' Writing in 1936 , Lee Ustick explained that :
French sources , closer to the original etymology , tend to define velin as from calf only , while the British Standards Institution defines parchment as made from the split skin of several species , and vellum from the unsplit skin . In the usage of modern practitioners of the artistic crafts of writing , illuminating , lettering , and bookbinding , `` vellum '' is normally reserved for calfskin , while any other skin is called `` parchment '' .
Manufacture
Vellum is a translucent material produced from the skin , often split , of a young animal . The skin is washed with water and lime ( Calcium hydroxide ) . It is then soaked in lime for several days to soften and remove the hair .
Once clear , the two sides of the skin are distinct : the side facing inside the animal and the hair side . The `` inside body side '' of the skin is usually the lighter and more refined of the two . The hair follicles may be visible on the outer side , together with any scarring made while the animal was alive . The membrane can also show the pattern of the animal 's vein network called the `` veining '' of the sheet .
Any remaining hair is removed ( `` scudding '' ) and the skin is dried by attaching it to a frame ( a `` herse '' ) . The skin is attached at points around the circumference with cords ; to prevent tearing , the maker wraps the area of the skin to which the cord is to be attached around a pebble ( a `` pippin '' ) . The maker then uses a crescent shaped knife , ( a `` lunarium '' or `` lunellum '' ) , to clean off any remaining hairs .
Once the skin is completely dry , it is thoroughly cleaned and processed into sheets . The number of sheets extracted from the piece of skin depends on the size of the skin and the given dimensions requested by the order . For example , the average calfskin could provide roughly three and a half medium sheets of writing material . This can be doubled when it is folded into two conjoint leaves , also known as a bifolium . Historians have found evidence of manuscripts where the scribe wrote down the medieval instructions now followed by modern membrane makers . The membrane is then rubbed with a round , flat object ( `` pouncing '' ) to ensure that the ink would adhere to the surface . Even so , ink would gradually flake off of the membrane , especially if it was used in a scroll that was frequently rolled and unrolled .
Manuscripts
Preparing manuscripts
Once the vellum is prepared , traditionally a quire is formed of a group of several sheets . Raymond Clemens and Timothy Graham point out , in their Introduction to Manuscript Studies , that `` the quire was the scribe 's basic writing unit throughout the Middle Ages '' . Guidelines are then made on the membrane . They note `` 'pricking ' is the process of making holes in a sheet of parchment ( or membrane ) in preparation of its ruling . The lines were then made by ruling between the prick marks ... The process of entering ruled lines on the page to serve as a guide for entering text . Most manuscripts were ruled with horizontal lines that served as the baselines on which the text was entered and with vertical bounding lines that marked the boundaries of the columns '' .
Usage
Most of the finer sort of medieval manuscripts , whether illuminated or not , were written on vellum . Some Gandharan Buddhist texts were written on vellum , and all Sifrei Torah ( Hebrew : ספר תורה Sefer Torah ; plural : ספרי תורה , Sifrei Torah ) are written on kosher klaf or vellum .
A quarter of the 180 copy edition of Johannes Gutenberg 's first Bible printed in 1455 with movable type was also printed on vellum , presumably because their market expected this for a high-quality book . Paper was used for most book-printing , as it was cheaper and easier to process through a printing press and to bind .
In art , vellum was used for paintings , especially if they needed to be sent long distances , before canvas became widely used in about 1500 , and continued to be used for drawings , and watercolours . Old master prints were sometimes printed on vellum , especially for presentation copies , until at least the seventeenth century .
Limp vellum or limp-parchment bindings were used frequently in the 16th and 17th centuries , and were sometimes gilt but were also often not embellished . In later centuries vellum has been more commonly used like leather , that is , as the covering for stiff board bindings . Vellum can be stained virtually any color but seldom is , as a great part of its beauty and appeal rests in its faint grain and hair markings , as well as its warmth and simplicity .
Lasting in excess of 1,000 years—for example , Pastoral Care ( Troyes , Bibliothèque Municipale , MS 504 ) , dates from about 600 and is in excellent condition—animal vellum can be far more durable than paper . For this reason , many important documents are written on animal vellum , such as diplomas . Referring to a diploma as a `` sheepskin '' alludes to the time when diplomas were written on vellum made from animal hides .
Modern usage
British Acts of Parliament are still printed on vellum for archival purposes , as are those of the Republic of Ireland . In February 2016 , the UK House of Lords announced that legislation would be printed on archive paper instead of the traditional vellum from April 2016 . However , Cabinet Office Minister Matthew Hancock intervened by agreeing to fund the continued use of vellum from the Cabinet Office budget . On 2017 , the House of Commons Commission agreed that it would provide front and back vellum covers for record copies of Acts .
Today , because of low demand and complicated manufacturing process , animal vellum is expensive and hard to find . The only UK company still producing traditional parchment and vellum is William Cowley ( established 1870 ) , which is based in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire . A modern imitation is made of cotton . Known as paper vellum , this material is considerably cheaper than animal vellum and can be found in most art and drafting supply stores . Some brands of writing paper and other sorts of paper use the term `` vellum '' to suggest quality .
Vellum is still used for Jewish scrolls , of the Torah in particular , for luxury book-binding , memorial books , and for various documents in calligraphy . It is also used on instruments such as the banjo and the bodhran , although synthetic skins are available for these instruments and have become more commonly used .
Paper vellum
Modern imitation vellum is made from plasticized rag cotton or fibers from interior tree bark . Terms include : paper vellum , Japanese vellum , and vegetable vellum . Paper vellum is usually translucent and its various sizes are often used in applications where tracing is required , such as architectural plans . Its dimensions are more stable than a linen or paper sheet , which is frequently critical in the development of large scaled drawings such as blueprints . Paper vellum has also become extremely important in hand or chemical reproduction technology for dissemination of plan copies . Like a high-quality traditional vellum , paper vellum could be produced thin enough to be virtually transparent to strong light , enabling a source drawing to be used directly in the reproduction of field-used drawings .
Preservation
Vellum is ideally stored in a stable environment with constant temperature and 30 % ( ± 5 % ) relative humidity . If vellum is stored in an environment with less than 11 % relative humidity , it becomes fragile , brittle , and susceptible to mechanical stresses ; if it is stored in an environment with greater than 40 % relative humidity , it becomes vulnerable to gelation and to mold or fungus growth . Additionally , the relative humidity needed to properly store vellum is not compatible with optimal humidity level for storage of paper , which can pose a challenge for libraries . The optimal temperature for the preservation of vellum is .
See also
History of hide materials
Notes
References
Hepler , Dana J. , Paul Ross Wallach , Donald Hepler , `` Drafting '' in Drafting and Design for Architecture & Construction , 9th edition , 2012 , Cengage Learning , , 9781111128135 , Google Books
Stokes , Roy Bishop , Almagno , Romano Stephen , Esdaile 's Manual of Bibliography , 6th edition , 2001 , Scarecrow Press , , 9780810839229 , google books
External links
On-line demonstration of the preparation of vellum from the BNF , Paris—text in French , but mostly visual .
Book design
Calligraphy
Hides ( skin )
Writing media
Nyein Chan ( born 2 June 1991 ) is a Burmese professional footballer who plays as a defender and currently plays in Ranong United .
International career
In 2019 , Nyein Chan was chosen for 2022 World Cup Qualification Stage and first time ever played for Myanmar national football team against Nepal national football team . And then , they played against Tajikistan national football team and Mongolia national football team .
References
1994 births
Living people
Burmese footballers
Myanmar international footballers
Association football defenders
Burmese expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
is a Japanese gravure idol , singer , and a former member of `` AeLL . `` , a musical idol group .
When they started modelling in 2006 at age 14 , Shinozaki caused widespread press and web comment about them having an unusually curvy figure for a Japanese teenager . In 2009 , their page on the directory site `` Chu-Boh '' gave their height and figure as `` 160 B87 W72 H88 '' ( , -- ) . They regularly appear on the front page of popular titles , such as Young Animal and Weekly Young Jump . Aside from modelling they have gone on to forge a career as a pop idol .
Career
Singles
`` M '' ( 2008 , March 26 , FOR-SIDE RECORDS ) The Cover of Princess Princess 's Famous song .
`` A-G-A-I-N '' ( 2015-04-29 ) Reached 31st place on Oricon 's Weekly Singles Chart
`` 口の悪い女 '' ( August 24 , 2016 ) Reached 22nd place on Oricon 's Weekly Singles Chart
Photo albums
START DUSH ! ! ( July 2006 , Saibunkan ) Photo by Mitsuhiro Mouri
Bon ! Bon ! Ai-bomb ( December 2007 , BUNKASHA ) Photo by Ryuuzi Maemura
Milk-colored love ( May 2008 , Aquahouse Inc ) Photo by Takayuki Kozuka
Okkina Love ( May 12 , 2008 , Gakken Publishing ) Photo by Shouta Iizuka
Renai ~Love~ ( April 2009 , Saibunkan ) Photo by Sei Kimura
Heartiness ( Sabra DVD Mook ) ( November 2009 , Shogakukan ) Photo by Akihito Saijo
Sakura Saku Toki ( May 2010 , Saibunkan Publishing Co , Ltd ) Photo by Koji Inomoto
Love Scenes : Ai Shinozaki ( September 2014 , Shogakukan ) Photo by Akihito Saijo
Crystal ( November 1 , 2017 , Kodansha ) Photo by Akihito Nishikasa
Magazines
Weekly Young Jump ( Shueisha )
Playboy
Chu Boh ( Neptune 's )
Scholastic ( Scholastic Inc . )
Yul Young Champion ( Akita Shoten )
Sex Bomb ( Publishing Gakken )
i love you ( Amit )
DVD
`` Shinozaki Ai '' ( August 25 , 2006 , Saibunkan ) [ SBKD-0003 ]
`` Love LOVE YOU '' ( September 27 , 2006 , TRAFFIC ) [ TJCB-10009 ]
`` Peach Pie Love '' ( November 22 , 2006 , Air Control ) [ KQT-081 ]
`` Pure Smile '' ( February 23 , 2007 Takeshobo ) [ TSDV-41110 ]
`` From the island of Ai ... '' ( Sun May 25 , 2007 , GP Museum Soft ) [ DMSM-7169 ]
`` F-MATES , 15-MATES '' ( July 20 , 2007 , Spice Visual ) ※ with Ueno Tihiro [ MMR-040 ]
`` LOVE-chan '' ( August 24 , 2007 , Takeshobo ) [ TSDV-41142 ]
`` Balloooooon '' ( November 30 , 2007 , BUNKASHA ) [ BKDV-00260 ]
`` ONE '' ( February 22 , 2008 , Spice Visual ) [ MMR-048 ]
`` Milk-colored love '' ( May 23 , 2008 , Spice Visual ) [ MMA-050 ]
`` Ai-Link '' ( August 22 , 2008 , Frontier Inetto ) [ FOEN-031 ]
`` Okkina Love '' ( December 17 , 2008 , Gakken publishing ) [ SSBX-2244 ]
`` Lots of love ~ Ai Ippai '' ( February 20 , 2009 , Rainkomyunikeshonzu ) [ LCDV-40359 ]
`` Love 's zephyr ~ Koi Kaze '' ( February 20 , 2009 , Rainkomyunikeshonzu ) [ LCDV-40360 ]
`` 'Love ' I 'm trying hard ! ~ Ai Ganbattemasu ! '' ( May 22 , 2009 , Saibunkan ) [ SBVD-0036 ]
`` Lady ~ Frau '' ( August 28 , 2009 , Takeshobo ) [ TSDV-41241 ]
`` Soeur ~ Sister '' ( August 28 , 2009 , Takeshobo ) [ TSDV-41242 ]
`` Hokkaido promise long-distance love '' ( November 27 , 2009 , Frontier Inetto ) [ ENFD-5176 ]
`` Sunny ... '' ( November 27 , 2009 , Frontier Inetto ) [ ENFD-5177 ]
`` Shinozaki Ai Kakeroma Island Beach Angels in Amami Oshima '' ( February 24 , 2010 , bop ) [ VPXF-75112 ] Blu-ray Disc * version released simultaneously
`` Sakukoro cherry '' ( May 28 , 2010 , Saibunkan ) [ SBVD-0075 ]
`` Baito naka ! ? ~ Doing Part-Time ! ? '' ( August 27 , 2010 , Takeshobo ) [ TSDV-41292 ]
`` Rabusupo ! ~ Love Sport ! '' ( August 27 , 2010 , Takeshobo ) [ TSDV-41293 ]
`` Mountain Girl Moe Tsu loose ... '' ( September 15 , 2010 , Pony Canyon )
`` Shinozaki Ai FINAL 1/2 ~ Wonderland Love '' ( November 20 , 2010 , Rainkomyunikeshonzu ) [ LCDV-40443 ]
`` Shinozaki Ai FINAL 2/2 ~ Loveland Love '' ( November 20 , 2010 , Rainkomyunikeshonzu ) [ LCDV-40444 ]
`` Shinozaki Ai Special DVD-BOX '' ( November 20 , 2010 , Rainkomyunikeshonzu )
`` Shinozaki Ai Premium DVD BOX '' ( February 25 , 2011 , Grasso )
`` Junai Ijou '' ( April 27 , 2011 , Inet Frontier ) [ ENFD-5301 ]
`` Junjou Kalen '' ( April 27 , 2011 , Inet Frontier ) [ ENFD-5302 ]
`` Koi nandesu '' ( July 28 , 2011 , Ribapūru ) [ YJLP-1006 ] . First market-release was December 22 , 2011 then Blu-ray Disc version for April 18 , 2014
`` Amai Kajitsu ~ Sweet Fruit '' ( September 24 , 2011 , bamboo study ) [ TSDV-41376 ]
`` Magical Eyes '' ( 2011 , September 24 , 2011 , bamboo study ) [ TSDV-41377 ]
`` Love Overflowing ! ~ Ai Afuretemasu ! '' ( December 23 , 2011 , Oh , of digital su Tatari Hikaru ) [ SBVD-0130 ]
`` Sweet Love '' ( February 22 , 2012 ) ( BOMB-1018 ]
`` Ai no mama ni ... ~ Leave the Love ... '' ( May 23 , 2012 , Ribapūru ) [ LPDD-72 ] . Blu-ray Disc version release at November 22 , 2013
`` Ai Motion '' . . . `` ( June 22 , 2012 , Ribapūru ) [ LPFD-247 ]
`` Ai 's Origin '' ( September 20 , 2013 , shining-will ) [ DV-01 ]
`` Your Ai 's Only '' ( March 20 , 2014 , shining-will ) [ DV-06 ]
`` 篠崎愛 Lovely '' ( October 17 , 2014 , shining-will ) [ DV-09 ]
`` HOLIDAY '' ( May 29 , 2015 , shining-will ) [ DV-10 ]
`` Reality '' （October 8 , 2015 , shining-will） [ DV-12 ]
Filmography
( excluding the acts of AeLL . )
Movie
Pantsu no Ana ( 2011 ) , Narumi Ichinose
Kotsutsubo ( 2012 ) , Kaho Saeki
Time Slip Glasses ( 2013 ) , Tōko Hashida
Alps a Girls High School ( 2014 ) , Eri Onozuka
Tokyo Darkness Insect : 2nd scenario : Pandora ( 2015 ) , Yui Onizuka
TV variety
`` 2008 ! Choice Idol Mania ! Always break Idol '' ( 28 December 2007 , NTV )
`` Girls On Film '' ( Mondo21 , 2007 )
`` Beach Angels '' ( TBS Channel , 2009 )
`` Mountain Girl Moe Tsu loose ! '' ( 29 July 2010 , Kansai )
TV drama
Twenty-Four Eyes ( October 2007 to March 2008 , TBS TV )
Stage
`` MOTHER Mother – The story of a mother bird Hama Tome suicide '' ( 9 December 2009 – 13 June 2010 , New National Theater Small Theater )
`` MOTHER Mother – The story of a mother bird suicide Tome Hama ~ '' [ replay ] ( 26 May to 30 May 2010 , Galaxy Theatre Tennozu )
`` Entertainment Alley '' produced `` a good day , restructuring '' ( 18 August to 22 August 2010 , Theater Green )
See also
List of Japanese gravure idols
References
Japanese singers
Japanese women pop singers
Japanese gravure idols
Japanese film actores
Actresses from Tokyo
Living people
1992 births
Singers from Tokyo
Japanese stage actores
Japanese television actores
21st-century Japanese actores
21st-century Japanese singers
21st-century Japanese women singers
Maleku may refer to :
the Maleku people
the Maleku language
Imma asaphoneura is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1934 . It is found in Taiwan .
The wingspan is 17–19 mm . The forewings are rather dark fuscous , the veins partially indicated by indistinct lines of pale yellowish suffusion , especially towards the base and beyond the cell . There is an irregular slightly oblique pale yellowish fasciate patch from the middle of the costa reaching halfway across the wing , limited posteriorly by an indistinct dark fuscous transverse spot on the end of the cell . There is also a well-marked ochreous-yellow denticulate terminal line . The hindwings are rather dark grey .
References
Moths described in 1934
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Mohanyal is a former village development committee that is now a MOHANYALRURALMUNICIPALITY in Kailali District in Sudurpashchim Province of western Nepal . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3917 living in 614 individual households .
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Rural municipalities in Kailali District
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Miglionico ( Lucano : ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera , in Basilicata , southern Italy .
Main sights
The massive Castello del Malconsiglio ( `` Castle of the Bad Council '' ) , built in the 8th-9th century and enlarged in 1110 and in the 15th century .
The Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore .
History
Despite the legend assigning its foundation to the famous Greek wrestler Milo of Croton ( whence the name ) , Miglionico was most likely founded by the Oenotrians , a local Italic tribe . After the Greek colonization , it was held by the Lucani , followed by the Samnites until 458 BC , when it was conquered by the Romans .
In the Middle Ages the story of Miglionico was strongly connected to that of its large castle , which was held by the Hauteville Normans and then by the Sanseverino . After the latter where slaughtered by order of Frederick II ( 1245 ) , Miglionico was assigned to their son Manfred . After the latter 's fall , however , the Sanseverino were re-instated , holding the town until the abolition of feudalism .
References
External links
Miglionico Selected Civil Records
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Hilltowns in Basilicata
Castles in Italy
Thomas Logan ( 17 August 1888 – 21 June 1962 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Falkirk and Chelsea .
Career
Born in Barrhead , Logan began their senior career with local club Arthurlie of Scotland 's second tier in 1908 , moving to Falkirk , at that time one of the top teams in the country , in 1910 , following a trial . During the initial months of their first season at Brockville Park ( in which the club eventually finished in third place ) , their elder brother Alec was a teammate prior to a transfer to England ; another older sibling James was also a professional footballer who played in England , becoming an opponent after they moved back home in 1912 to play with Rangers .
With the Bairns , Logan lifted the Scottish Cup after a 2–0 win over Raith Rovers in the 1913 final at Celtic Park , scoring the second goal ; it was the club 's first major honour , and they joined Chelsea within a few weeks . a year later they were joined at Stamford Bridge by another member of that Falkirk team , Jimmy Croal .
Logan was a member of the Chelsea side that reached the 1915 FA Cup Final . They were one of the few Chelsea players to get a positive mention in the Manchester Guardian report on the final for a few `` dashing excursions '' into the Sheffield half , they failed to score . By then , they were judged to be `` an ideal centre half who showed judgement in their play '' , although in their early years they had been considered a forward and had a good scoring ratio for Falkirk . They were playing further back when capped by Scotland .
Logan 's career was interrupted by World War I , during which they had loan spells back in Scotland ( where the domestic league continued , unlike in England ) with Partick Thistle , Dunfermline Athletic and back at Falkirk . Their military service included the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders whose regimental team they represented .
They were contracted to Chelsea until July 1922 ( although their last appearance for the club was in November 1920 ) and made a total of 116 appearances scoring 8 goals in total . In their mid-30s , they returned to Arthurlie , then playing in the Western League – a wartime competition which continued for several years due to the slow reorganisation of lower league football in Scotland .
Logan represented Scotland once , appearing in a 1913 British Home Championship match against Ireland while with Falkirk .
Honours
Falkirk
Scottish Cup : 1913
Chelsea
FA Cup : Runner-up 1915
Notes
References
1962 deaths
1888 births
Scottish footballers
Chelsea F.C . players
People from Barrhead
Scotland international footballers
Falkirk F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
British Army personnel of World War I
Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders soldiers
Association football central defenders
Arthurlie F.C . players
Falkirk F.C . wartime guest players
Partick Thistle F.C . wartime guest players
Dunfermline Athletic F.C . wartime guest players
Sportspeople from East Renfrewshire
FA Cup Final players
Edward Charles was an author .
Edward Charles is also the name of :
Ned Charles ( born 1957 ) , Mauritian footballer
Ed Charles ( 1933–2018 ) , football player
See also
John Livzey Ridgway ( 28 February 1859 , in Mount Carmel , Illinois – 27 December 1947 , in Glendale , California ) ( also known as John Livsey Ridgway or John Livesy Ridgway ) was an American scientific illustrator and brother of ornithologist Robert Ridgway . Ridgway collaborated with their brother on ornithological illustration and published their own works . Ridgway was born in Mount Carmel , Illinois to David and Henrietta Reed Ridgway , and attended public schools in Illinois . Robert Ridgway brought them to work as a copyist and draftsman for the United States National Museum in the 1880s . Ridgway was a draftsman for the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from 1884–1918 , and its chief illustrator from 1918–1920 . They also worked for the Carnegie Institution of Washington . In 1920 they moved to California , where they worked for the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County and the California Institute of Technology , working for the latter institution up until their death .
John Ridgway illustrated several works in the fields of ornithology and paleontology . Notable among these were :
Contributions to the Natural History of Alaska ( 1886 )
Report upon Natural History Collections Made in Alaska between the Years 1877 and 1881 ( 1887 ) .
Fish and game of the State of New York : Seventh Report Forest , Fish and Game Commission ( circa 1901 ) .
A series of watercolors of eggs of North American birds that were used as the basis of chromolithographic plates in Charles Bendire 's Life Histories ( 1892–1895 )
Illustrations of Pleistocene fossils at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County ( California ) in the 1920s .
Ridgway authored Scientific Illustration ( Stanford University Press , circa 1938 ) and The preparation of illustrations for reports of the United States Geological survey ( USGS , 1920 ) .
External links
Ridgway Family Papers at Utah State University
Smithsonian Institution Archives
—describes work on Bendire 's Life Histories , work at Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County
1859 births
1947 deaths
American ornithologists
Scientific illustrators
American bird artists
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
20th-century American painters
20th-century American male artists
The 1927 New York Yankees season was their inaugural season in the league . The team finished 7–8–1 , and finished sixth in the league .
Schedule
Standings
References
New York Yankees ( NFL ) seasons
New York Yankees
New York Yankees ( NFL )
1920s in the Bronx
Yankee Stadium ( 1923 )
Myrmica elmesi is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae . The species , known from north-west Himalaya ( India , Jammu and Kashmir ) , belongs to pachei group , and is significantly different from all other described species of this group .
Distribution and habitat
Species has been collected from leaf litter in both the habitats . The collection site at Machedi has a patchy Cedrus forest along with agricultural land surrounding the site ; moreover the area has lot of anthropogenic activities with a dry type of environment ( mean temperature during collection period 32 °C , relative humidity 36.62 % , annual rain fall 970 mm and thickness of leaf litter 2.1 cm ) . The collection site at Sarthal has dense Cedrus forest with abundant leaf litter , no agricultural land , it remains snow clad from November to beginning of March and has very limited anthropogenic activities with only nomads visiting the area ( mean temperature during collection period 22 °C , relative humidity 66.38 % , annual rain fall 1476 mm and thickness of leaf litter 3.9 cm ) with comparatively wet environment .
This zone where the species is distributed is a transitional zone between sub temperate and temperate Himalaya and geographically it penetrates in to the Palearctic realm ( whose boundary in Southern Asia is largely altitudinal , where an altitude of 2000–2500 meters above mean sea level forms the boundary between Palearctic and Indomalayan realms ) . Besides , Himalayan ecology is temperature-dependent . The snow line occurs at an average of 6000 meters above mean sea level and the timber line at an average of 3000 meters ( the highest altitude at which the forest ends ) . With this sort of environment , the microclimate plays an important role for ants like Myrmica which prefer to live under stones or in rare cases in leaf litter , as the soil temperature is comparatively higher to ambient temperature in these habitats .
References
Myrmica
Insects described in 2011
Hymenoptera of Asia
Maverick was an American entertainment company founded in 1992 by Madonna , Frederick DeMann , and Veronica `` Ronnie '' Dashev , and formerly owned and operated by Warner Music Group . It included a record label ( Maverick Records ) , a film production company ( Maverick Films ) , book publishing , music publishing , a Latin record division ( Maverick Música ) , and a television production company . The first releases for the company were Madonna 's 1992 coffee table publication Sex and their studio album Erotica , which were released simultaneously to great controversy as well as success . Journalist and biographer J. Randy Taraborrelli considered the existence of Maverick Records to be an `` anomaly '' , as Madonna became one of the first female artists to have a real label and one of the few women to run their own entertainment company .
DeMann was bought out of the company for a reported $ 20 million in 1998 . Guy Oseary increased their stake in the company and took control as chairperson and CEO . Madonna and Dashev left in 2004 after a lawsuit between Maverick and Warner Music Group . Since 2009 , the label has been defunct , with its retained acts now recording for Warner Bros. Records directly . In 2014 , the brand was revived as a management group founded by Oseary with Live Nation Entertainment .
History
Beginnings
Maverick Records launched in April 1992 as a unit of the Maverick entertainment company . It was a joint venture among Madonna , Frederick DeMann , Veronica `` Ronnie '' Dashev and Time Warner , and its name was combined from the names of three of the founders ; Madonna , Veronica and Frederick . The company had divisions for recording , music publishing , television , film , merchandising and book publishing . The venture was part of a $ 60 million recording and business deal between Madonna and Time Warner . It gave them 20 % royalties from the music proceedings , one of the highest rates in the industry , equalled at that time only by Michael Jackson 's royalty rate established a year earlier with Sony .
At the time of its launch , the company was bi-coastal , with offices in New York City and Los Angeles . The record company division of Maverick also consisted of sub-label Maverick Musica ( a Miami , Florida-based satellite label focusing on Latin-American music ) and Maverick Music Publishing . The first releases for the company were Madonna 's 1992 coffee table publication , Sex , and their studio album Erotica , which were released simultaneously to great controversy .
Commercial success
Maverick 's first commercial success was with the self-titled debut album by Seattle-based grunge band Candlebox . Released in 1993 , the album would be RIAA-certified quadruple platinum in the United States . The following year , the label signed Canadian musician Alanis Morissette , whose third album ( and Maverick debut ) Jagged Little Pill was released in 1995 , and would be eventually certified 16× platinum in the U.S. ( overall global sales of 33 million units ) –making it the best selling album in the label 's history , and of the 1990s .
DeMann was bought out of the company for a reported $ 20 million in 1998 , after which Guy Oseary increased their stake in the company and took control as chairperson and CEO .
Throughout the 1990s to the middle 2000s , Maverick would also release albums by Erasure , Michelle Branch , Meshell Ndegeocello , U.N.V. , Dana Dane , N-Phase , Dalvin DeGrate , the Prodigy , Cleopatra , Tyler Hilton , Muse , Deftones , Summercamp , No Authority and William Orbit . `` I 'm happy with Maverick as a label , '' observed the Prodigy 's Liam Howlett . `` They respect their bands ; even the ones who are n't selling . ''
Decline and final years
By the early 2000s , Maverick saw its commercial fortunes decline and business operations financially unravel . In March 2004 , the label and Madonna filed suit against Warner Music Group ( and its former parent company , Time Warner ) , claiming that mismanagement of resources and poor bookkeeping had cost the company millions of dollars . Warner filed a countersuit , alleging that Maverick had lost tens of millions of dollars on its own .
On June 14 , 2004 , the dispute was resolved when Maverick shares owned by Madonna and Dashev were purchased — which effectively exiled the two of them from the company , as it then became a wholly owned subsidiary of Warner Music Group . Then Maverick CEO Guy Oseary , meanwhile , retained their position until WMG purchased their label shares in 2006 . The same year , the band Lillix , which at the time was signed to the label , claimed that the Maverick label no longer existed and that all the artists were now handled by Warner Bros. directly . In 2009 , the record company folded .
Two of the label 's most successful artists , Alanis Morissette and Michelle Branch , left in the late 2000s . Branch left in 2007 after disbanding The Wreckers , while Morissette left after the release of 2008 album Flavors of Entanglement . Madonna 's recording contract remained with Warner Bros. Records under a separate agreement until 2009 .
In 2001 , Maverick Picture Company was rebranded as simply Maverick Films and was solely managed by Madonna and Guy Oseary , CEO of another Maverick division , Maverick Records . In 2004 , Madonna and Dashev were bought out of Maverick after a lawsuit with Warner Music Group and they no longer have an interest in the company . In August 2008 , company head Mark Morgan and Oseary split with Oseary retaining the rights to the Maverick name their artist management business while Morgan retain ownership of the company 's projects and changing the name to Imprint Entertainment . Oseary later formed a joint venture with Live Nation Entertainment in 2014 to revive Maverick as a management group .
In 2010 , Maverick Records sued teenage file-sharer Whitney Harper for copyright infringement , and won the case . Harper was ordered to pay $ 750 per song for the three dozen songs downloaded from the Internet . The case was appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States , which declined review of the case following an opinion by Justice Samuel Alito . The case is known as Harper v. Maverick Recording Co ..
Selected recording artists
Aaron Bruno ( 2002 )
Elia Alberghini ( 2022 )
Alanis Morissette ( 1994–2009 )
Bad Brains ( 1994–1995 )
Baxter ( 1998 )
Candlebox ( 1992-2000 )
Cleopatra ( 1998–2001 )
Dana Dane ( 1994–1995 )
Dalvin DeGrate
Deftones ( 1995–2006 )
Erasure ( 1997 )
Family Force 5 ( 2006 )
Goldfinger ( 2005 )
Jack 's Mannequin ( 2005–2008 )
Jude ( 1998–2001 )
Madonna ( 1992–2004 )
Meshell Ndegeocello ( 1992–2003 )
Mest ( 1995–2006 )
Michelle Branch ( 2001–2003 )
Muse ( 1999–2004 )
Neurotic Outsiders ( 1996–1997 )
Onesidezero ( 2000–2002 )
Paul Oakenfold ( 2002–2006 )
Proper Grounds ( 1993 )
Solar Twins ( 1999–2000 )
Story Of The Year ( 2002-2007 )
Tantric ( 2000–2004 )
The Prodigy ( US )
The Wreckers ( 2006–2007 )
Tyler Hilton ( 2001–2005 )
William Orbit ( 1999–2000 )
Divisions
Maverick Records – record label
Maverick Musica – Latin division of Maverick Records
Maverick Books – book publishing
Maverick Films - production company , now Imprint Entertainment
MadGuy Television – television production , now Imprint Television
MadGuy Films – film and television production
Maverick Music – publishing division
See also
2010 term United States Supreme Court opinions of Samuel Alito
BMG Music v. Gonzalez
References
External links
Official Website
Film production companies of the United States
Defunct record labels of the United States
Record labels based in California
Pop record labels
Rock record labels
Soundtrack record labels
Defunct companies based in Greater Los Angeles
Record labels established in 1992
Record labels disestablished in 2008
Warner Music labels
Labels distributed by Warner Music Group
Madonna
Warner Records
Vanity record labels
The white-throated sierra finch ( Idiopsar erythronotus ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
It is found in Bolivia , Chile , and Peru where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland .
References
white-throated sierra finch
Birds of the Puna grassland
white-throated sierra finch
white-throated sierra finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Hong Kong Art Today ( ) was an exhibition held at the Hong Kong City Hall Museum and Art Gallery ( later renamed Hong Kong Museum of Art in 1975 ) from 25 May to 4 July 1962 . Featuring a total of 120 exhibits by 65 artists , it was the first major exhibition of the Museum and Art Gallery after its opening in March , as well as the first large-scale art competition organised by the government .
Apart from the usual practice of inviting participating artists , the event also incorporated an open call for submissions , which caught the attention of the local art scene . In their introductory text for the exhibition catalogue , the museum 's curator John Warner explained what they envisioned as the `` valid art forms of to-day '' : `` They have shown a preference for material quality , intelligent experiment and originality rather than outworn cliche , dull technical skill and cheap imitation . ''
Significance
The Museum and Art Gallery was housed in the High Block of the newly built Hong Kong City Hall , a modernist building by the waterfront of Central , Hong Kong . This new museum had a clear-cut policy to promote and recognise `` Hong Kong art '' —not Chinese , British , or other Western art . As a prominent event in the series of inaugural programmes for the new premises , Hong Kong Art Today was a manifestation of this mission . It was the first exhibition with Hong Kong art as its theme .
Though it was an exhibition mounted in a museum setting , the artworks were for sale , with prices marked in the catalogue . The Museum and Art Gallery acquired some of the works which formed the foundation of its Hong Kong art collection .
Controversy
The open call was successful in generating immense interest from the local art scene , however , it was for this reason that the exhibition soon became controversial .
Artist Luis Chan was among the many artists whose works were rejected in the open call . Chan , a watercolour painter known for their naturalistic style landscapes , had been active in the local art scene since the 1930s . They submitted several abstract works to the exhibition—a somewhat new direction of Chan 's artistic endeavour . Only one of their works was accepted . As an established figure in the 1950s , and appointed an advisor to the newly established museum , their failure stirred up a storm in the local art circle , especially when Chan decided to make the rejection public to express their frustrations and address the problems of the exhibition . They wrote a long article titled `` My Unsuccessful Submission to the City Hall Art Exhibition '' ( Chinese : 大會堂畫展落選記 ) , which was published in serial form in the local Chinese newspaper Wah Kiu Yat Po over a period of time .
The issues surrounding the debate included : works by famous artists of the time failing to be accepted through the open call ; many rejected artists coming from the same art club ( the Contemporary Chinese Artists ' Guild , of which Chan was Chair ) ; the obscure criteria of adjudication under the confidentiality of the selection panel ; the imbalanced quantity of Chinese paintings and Western paintings being selected ; and the selections leaning towards abstract art .
The exhibition reflected how naturalism in art had become passé and that abstract art was favoured . In their 2001 article examining the incident and its consequences , Jack Lee , then studying for their PhD in art history , argued that , `` [ Warner 's ] prejudice for modern and abstract art influenced directly the museum 's later exhibitions and its collection policies , which in turn caused some artists to turn to abstract art in the hope that their works would become appealing to the museum . Their conversion in due course formed a new tendency in Hong Kong art . ''
On a personal level , Luis Chan 's rejection was a `` career catastrophe '' as described by art historian David Clarke , who observed that , `` for a great part of the 1960s [ Chan 's ] work evidences their loss of artistic security . '' Chan 's trials in abstraction came across as a failure , and their next artistic breakthrough did not come until a decade later .
Artists
65 Artists participated in the exhibition . It included :
References
Art exhibitions in China
Lamond Maurice Murray Sr. ( born April 20 , 1973 ) is an American former professional basketball player .
Murray was selected seventh overall by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 1994 NBA draft after a college career at the University of California at Berkeley , during which they teamed with Jason Kidd . They have played for the Clippers , the Cleveland Cavaliers , the Toronto Raptors , and the New Jersey Nets throughout their 12-year , 736-game NBA career , averaging 11.3 points per game . After one season with the Nets , they re-signed with the Clippers in October 2006 and was released several days later .
In 2002 , after being traded by the Cleveland Cavaliers to the Toronto Raptors , they tore a lisfranc ligament in their right foot during a pre-season game and subsequently missed the entire 2002–03 NBA season .
In 2009 , Lamond Murray joined the Bahrain Basketball Association in Bahrain . They played for Al-Muharraq Sports Club . They were inducted into the Pac-12 Basketball Hall of Honor during the 2012 Pac-12 Conference men 's basketball tournament , March 10 , 2012 .
They are a first cousin of former NBA forward Tracy Murray .
Born in Pasadena , California , Murray graduated from John F. Kennedy High School ( Fremont , California ) .
They are the father of professional basketball player Lamond Murray Jr .
References
External links
NBA.com : Lamond Murray Info Page
1973 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
All-American college men 's basketball players
American men 's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate sportspeople in Bahrain
Basketball players from Pasadena , California
California Golden Bears men 's basketball players
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Guangdong Southern Tigers players
Los Angeles Clippers draft picks
Los Angeles Clippers players
New Jersey Nets players
Small forwards
Toronto Raptors players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Pete Traynor was a Canadian guitarist , bassist ,
business person and designer of Traynor sound amplification equipment for the music industry .
Career
As a young man , Traynor played guitar in three bands with Robbie Robertson : Robbie and the Robots , Thumper and the Trambones , and The Suedes . They later played with Ronnie Hawkins .
Traynor worked as a repair technician at Long & McQuade 's first store in Toronto . In the 1960s they began designing specialized sound amplifiers and other related equipment for the store 's customers . Their hand-wired bass amplifier , which they called the DynaBass , was in demand , so Traynor teamed with their employer Jack Long to create a company , Yorkville Sound , to manufacture and market the products they designed under the Traynor brand . Another of their designs was the BassMaster tube amplifier .
The Traynor line of equipment has been sold worldwide and is manufactured in Pickering , Ontario .
Traynor died in May 2016 related to undiagnosed diabetes .
References
Canadian guitarists
Canadian bass guitarists
Canadian inventors
MV Esso Hamburg was a supply tanker ordered from Deutsche Werft Finkenwerder in 1939 for the Panama Transport Company as MV Esso Colon . Later in 1939 ownership was transferred to the Deutsch-Amerikanische Petroleum company and they were launched as Esso Hamburg on 9 October 1939 . They were subsequently used as an oiler for and other German warships .
Crew
The crew of the Esso Hamburg has a complement of 85 men , formed from :
1 Kriegsmarine officer and 10 Merchant Marine officers .
7 Kriegsmarine petty officers .
48 men of the Kriegsmarine and 21 Merchant Marine .
This was a relatively large complement of men in order to expedite the refueling of U-boats and surface ships .
Early history
In March 1940 , Captain Braunwarth took command of the vessel . In June 1940 , they sailed with a cargo of fuel via the Kiel Canal to Bergen . After transferring oil to a submarine close to the Bergen shore , they ripped their hull on a reef . After trying to find a berth , they spent two months being repaired at Akers ' yard in Oslo . In November 1940 they sailed back to Kiel , then to Rotterdam to get armaments fitted . These consisted of three French 75mm guns and three German 20mm guns . The Esso Hamburg was also fitted with a Direction finding ( DF ) device . In late December 1940 , they sailed for Cherbourg where their gun platforms were strengthened and additional fresh water tanks were added .
Atlantic sailing
Around 10 January 1941 , Esso Hamburg left Cherbourg for the North Atlantic , taking a position south of Cape Farewell in Greenland . Esso Hamburg was part of Operation Berlin , which sailed on 22 January 1941 , along with the naval oilers and plus the tankers , and . Esso Hamburg sailed north for approximately four weeks before encountering two cruisers . Following standard procedure , the ship tried to flee before the cruisers overtook Esso Hamburg and identified themselves as the and On 14 February 1941 , as part of Operation Berlin , Esso Hamburg shipped about of oil to the capital ship . According to later prisoner statements , the ship remained in the area north of the Grand Banks of Newfoundland for over two months , where the cold was considered intense ( as the crew lacked warm clothing ) . These prisoners stated that American patrol vessels capable of 20 knots were sighted and Esso Hamburg was fired on , leading Captain Braunwarth to think their ship was being followed . According to Captain Braunwarth ( whose interrogation statements have been proven to be false or unreliable ) , they decided to return to port in St. Nazaire after the rudder was damaged in a storm . On 12 April , the ship returned to port , completing its first Atlantic voyage .
Supplies
The following supplies were taken on in St. Nazaire .
7,400 tons of fuel oil - this was much less that the ship could hold but was sufficient for the ship to maintain the correct speed to complete the mission .
1,200 tons of Diesel oil for own consumption .
20 torpedoes in their crates .
2,000-3,000 tons of fresh water
300 tons of special boiler water .
2,500 20.5 cm . shells .
Provisions for 2,000 men .
Last cruise
On 20 May 1941 Esso Hamburg sailed from St. Nazaire with a mission to supply both Bismarck and . Esso Hamburg monitored the same frequencies that both ships used , so was able to keep track of their position , using the DF device . On the 24 May 1941 the Oberkommando der Marine ordered the ship to refuel Bismarck . Admiral Günther Lütjens disagreed with the order as the ship was being shadowed by two heavy cruisers . On 25 or 26 May , the captain was ordered to refuel Prinz Eugen on the 27 May . Prisoner statements confirm that the time of the rendezvous was 0545hours . On the 27th , Prinz Eugen was sighted at the location . Again as per standard operating procedure , Esso Hamburg tried to flee before Prinz Eugen overtook them and identified herself . According to the prisoners ' statements , Prinz Eugen appeared undamaged .
Oiling started at 0700hours , with around 700 tons transferred and the operation completed at 1130hours , after which the Prinz Eugen sailed eastward . The Esso Hamburg remained in the area for 2 further days waiting for orders to refuel other warships , but none came . After the two days passed and having received no orders , the ship sailed south between the 30th and 32nd meridian to what the captain stated was a safer area . On the 29 May 1941 , the captain of the Egerland received orders from the OKH to rendezvous with the Esso Hamburg on the 4 June 1941 at , to transfer oil .
On 4 June 1941 , while on the move to meet the tanker Egerland , Esso Hamburg took fire from the heavy cruiser and the destroyer at location . At 1400hours , the ship was scuttled by their crew . Eighty-seven crew members were captured and transported to HMS London .
References
1939 ships
The Surtees TS5 was a Formula 5000 racing car , designed , developed , and built by Surtees between 1969 and 1970 .
Development history
The construction of the TS5 went back to an initiative by British racing car designer Roger Nathan . Nathan , who had developed a racing sports car under the name Costin Nathan together with Frank Costin in the second half of the 1960s , was looking for partners at the end of 1968 to develop a Formula 5000 racing car . Nathan wanted to enter this newly created racing series and needed a usable racing vehicle . They approached British racing car engineer Len Terry , who agreed to design a car . Terry made themselves known primarily as the designer of the successful Lotus - Monoposto 33 and 38 made a name . They spent the year 1968 at Lola to develop the Formula 2 BMW T102 there . The third person involved was the former motorcycle and Formula One world champion , John Surtees . In 1968 Surtees was still a very active racing driver . They were a works driver for Honda and finished the Formula 1 Drivers ' World Championship in seventh place overall .
Parallel to their commitments as a driver , Surtees had long since started to set up their own racing team , Team Surtees . After Nathan , Terry , and Surtees , the fourth participant in this project appeared at the end of 1968 with the American actor James Garner . Garner maintained a racing team under the name American International Racers and was looking for a vehicle to compete in the US Formula A series , the local counterpart to the British Formula 5000 .
Terry designed and built the first four chassis in their small workshop in Poole , with logistical support from Surtees . Originally , the vehicles were to receive the designation Terry-Surtees TS5 for Formula 5000 and Garner TS5 for Formula A . But funding stalled , Nathan dropped out of the project and Garner had already sold their Lola T70 and CanAm - Lola T162 to fund their part of the project . It was only when John Surtees took over the project that the process got a reasonable technical and financial basis . Terry 's four chassis were completed at the Surtees factory and three other cars were built entirely there .
In their design , Terry followed the slim construction that was already used in the Lotus 38 . The race car had a monocoque , independent suspension , and a Hewland L.G.500 transmission . A 500 hp 5-liter V8 engine from Ford was originally intended as the engine . In the winter of 1968/1969 , Garner team pilot Scooter Patrick took over the test drives with the prototype . When the two Garner TS5 were handed over to the Americans in March 1969 , they equipped the car with Chevrolet V8 engines , which subsequently remained the main engines of this racing car . More test drives at Riverside were unpleasant . Scooter Patrick and Dave Jordan - who did the testing - complained about the poor handling of the cars . In addition , there were constant problems with the suspensions , which prompted James Garner to also get out of the project . The vehicles returned to England and the actor commissioned new racing vehicles from Dan Gurney 's AAR Eagle .
In addition to building the remaining vehicles , John Surtees also took over their racing operations and renamed the vehicles Surtees TS5 . Thus began the long typology of Surtees racing cars under the abbreviation TS for Team Surtees .
Racing history
The TS5 made its racing debut in April 1969 at Oulton Park . It was the opening race of the 1969 European Formula 5000 Championship and also the first race in this newly established series . John Surtees had brought the Garner back to Europe and used the cars , still with Chevrolet engines , under their own team leadership . David Hobbs , Andrea de Adamich , and Trevor Taylor were committed as drivers . In contrast to the test experiences in the USA , the cars were fast in practice and did not have any technical problems . David Hobbs set the fastest lap time of 1:30.6 in qualifying and put their TS5 on pole position . Andrea de Adamich finished fourth in training but was unable to take part in the race because they had an accident just before the end of training and severely damaged their car . In the race , Hobbs only had to beat Peter Gethin in the McLaren M10A and achieved a podium finish in the first race .
At the third round of the season at Brands Hatch , there was the second pole position , this time secured by Trevor Taylor . A defective clutch also prevented its launch . Hobbs celebrated the first race victory at the sixth round of the season at Mondello Park , where they were waved off as the winner after 84 laps in front of Mike Hailwood in the Lola T142 and Alan Rollinson on a Brabham BT30 .
A winning streak was followed by Trevor Taylor , who won back-to-back races at Koksijde , Zandvoort , Snetterton , and Hockenheim . However , they could not secure the overall ranking ; this went to Peter Gethin , preferably by eliminating results from Taylor .
In 1970 , the first win of the season was not until the ninth race , when Trevor Taylor won ahead of Peter Gethin in the revised McLaren M10 and Frank Gardner in the Lola T190 . During the course of the season , Surtees withdrew from Formula 5000 , since the entry into the Formula 1 World Championship was already pending , which required the full attention of the team . One car , a TS5A with chassis number 008 , was sold to Irishman Alan Rollinson , who had little success with the car and switched to a Lotus 70 before the end of the season .
At the end of the year , all TS5 and TS5A were sold . Surtees re-entered the Formula 5000 championship as a factory in 1971 with the successor model , the TS8 .
Formula A
The American racing driver Mike Goth acquired the TS5 with the chassis number 005 in the spring of 1969 and used it in the championship from the sixth race of the season at Elkhart Lake . Right at the debut race , which consisted of three sprint races and the resulting overall standings , they finished third behind Tony Adamowicz in the Eagle Mk5 and McLaren driver John Cordts . Surtees accepted the great logistical challenge and also entered works cars in Formula A . For this purpose , the vehicles had to be shipped again and again by air freight be transported back and forth between the UK and the US ; this was also a not inconsiderable financial effort . In the same race as Goth , David Hobbs also started in the works car , but dropped out on the second lap due to a defect . After Hobbs then came second in the second race , the race at Lime Rock , and the third race , the Minnesota Grand Prix at Brainerd , saw the first race win for a TS5 in the USA . Four more wins of the season followed for Hobbs , including a double at Mont-Tremblant when they won ahead of Andrea de Adamich .
As in Europe , Surtees could not win the overall championship standings in the USA , despite strong races and successes that could be counted , since the team entered the series too late in the year and Tony Adamowicz 's point advantage in the Eagle was therefore uncatchable .
In 1970 , Surtees ' involvement in the US factory ended .
TS5 chassis
Chassis TS5 001 : The first TS5 , still built by Len Terry ; Trevor Taylor drove the car in 1969 in Formula 5000 and Andrea de Adamich in Formula A ; destroyed in a 1969 Scooter Patrick accident at Mont-Tremblant .
Chassis TS5 002 : A Garner TS5 which was returned to Surtees by Garner after delivery ; renamed Chassis F1R and sold to South African Doug Serrurier ; Jackie Pretorius drove the car in South Africa ; in the 1970s , the car was badly damaged in a drag race ; A British collector found the car in a South African barn in 2003 and had it fully restored in Europe in 2005 .
Chassis TS5 003 : Driven by David Hobbs in 1969 in Formula 5000 and Formula A ; Sold to Royal American Competition late 1969 ; Hamilton Vose drove the car in Formula A ; destroyed in an accident at Sears Point .
Chassis TS5 004 : Driven by David Hobbs , Trevor Taylor , and Andrea de Adamich in both Formula 5000 and Formula A in 1969 ; Sold to Royal American Competition late 1969 ; driven by Dick DeJarld ; later became John Martin 's TS5A .
TS5 005 Chassis : Sold to Mike Goth in 1969 ; subsequently had several owners and was involved in a number of accidents ; was later restored and is now owned by the American Rob van Westenberg .
Chassis TS5 006 : Originally built in 1969 for the Japanese Tetsu Ikuzawa , whose contract with Surtees did not materialize in 1969 ; Driven by Trevor Taylor and Derek Bell in Formula 5000 in 1969 ; sold to Sherwood Johnston in 1970 ; further whereabouts disputed .
Chassis TS5 007 : Hobbs and Taylor works car 1969 ; then sold to Robert Fischetti ; Wrecked at Watkins Glen in 1972 .
Surtees TS5A
In 1970 the TS5 was revised and became the TS5A . There were detailed improvements to the suspensions , the fuel tanks , and the engine lubrication . The braking system was improved and switched from the LG500 to the Hewland DG300 gearbox . There is different information about the number of pieces produced . While John Surtees spoke of 15 vehicles built , only ten TS5A can be fixed despite the confusing chassis stories . The acquisition of a copy by the British racing car manufacturer Trojan is secured . The McLaren M10 was manufactured at Trojan and a TS5A served as a technological example . A completely impossible process today in racing car construction .
The TS5A was driven by various private drivers until the late 1970s . The American Howie Fairbanks drove a TS5A in 1978 in the SCCA series .
TS5A chassis
If the assignment of the chassis numbers is easy with the TS5 , this is much more difficult with the TS5A . This is mainly due to the lack of assignment of the cars delivered to Royal American Competition Enterprises Fred Opert Racing and Doug Hooper , which leads to great potential for confusion . Nevertheless , an attempt should be made here to assign the numbers .
Chassis TS5A 001 : works car at the beginning of 1970 ; driven by David Hobbs and Trevor Taylor ; destroyed in an accident by Taylor in May 1970 at Brands Hatch .
Chassis TS5A 002 : one of the cars delivered to RACE , Opert , or Hooper ; assignment unclear .
Chassis TS5A 003 : one of the cars delivered to RACE , Opert , or Hooper ; assignment unclear .
Chassis TS5A 004 : one of the cars delivered to RACE , Opert , or Hooper ; assignment unclear .
Chassis TS5A 005 : one of the cars delivered to RACE , Opert , or Hooper ; assignment unclear .
Chassis TS5A 006 : sold in the USA in 1970 ; driven by John Gunn for Fred Opert in the Formula A Championship , later used by Luigi Chinetti in the 1971 Argentine Grand Prix ; Driver Nestor Garcia-Veiga retired after a technical defect .
Chassis TS5A 007 : company car with an eventful history ; Driven by David Hobbs in the USA in 1970 ; Awarded to Belgian racing driver Hervé Bayard in 1971 ; Sold to South African Eddie Keizan at the end of the year , who replaced the Chevrolet with a Ford engine ; returned to Europe in the 1980s and is now owned by the German Franz Guggemos .
Chassis TS5A 008 : built in 1970 for Irish racing driver Allan Rollinson ; partly also driven by Tony Trimmer ; 1971 sold to Eddie Kiezen like 007 ; this sat both cars with different drivers in South African formula races ; further whereabouts unknown .
Chassis TS5A 009 : Trevor Taylor works car in 1970 ; destroyed in an accident at the Salzburgring .
Chassis TS5A 010 : one of the cars delivered to RACE , Opert or Hooper ; assignment unclear .
Tasman Series
Mike Goth also contested the Tasman Series races of that year in January and February 1970 in their TS5 , chassis 005 . With ten points they finished eighth in the championship .
References
Formula 5000 cars
Surtees racing cars
Yaroa is Dominican street food that originated from Santiago . It is made from French fries or a mash of a root vegetable or tuber such as plantain or yuca , then layered with meat and then cheese . Condiments such as mayonnaise , ketchup , and mustard are also often added on top . Beef , pork , chicken , or a combination of the meats is a common part of the dish . There are many versions throughout the country .
Street food vendors in food trucks often sell the dish . Because it is relatively quick and easy to prepare , it is suitably served as a fast food . It is a popular street food often eaten by young revelers at night in a Styrofoam to-go container . Prior to its creation , the chimichurri burger and sandwich de pierna ( pork sandwich ) were the main street foods to eat at night .
The exact origin or creator of the dish is unknown . The name is derived from a neighborhood in Santiago . At first , it was served at the area around the Monument of Santiago by street vendors in the late 1990s . The popularity spread to the point where a popular Dominican fast food chain now serves the dish . Now it can be found internationally in places like New York City and Lawrence , MA .
It has been compared to Canadian poutines and cheese fries .
References
Dominican Republic cuisine
Pharaoh Mountain is a mountain in the Adirondack Mountains region of New York . It is located south of Paradox in Essex County and is contained within the Pharaoh Lake Wilderness Area . The mountain is the highest in the wilderness area , and is located upon the northwest shore of Pharaoh Lake . In April 1910 , a fire observation station was established on the mountain but no tower was needed due to lack of tree cover on the mountain . In 1918 , a 35-foot-tall ( 11 m ) Aermotor LS40 tower was built on the mountain . The tower ceased fire watching operations in 1987 and was removed in 1992 .
History
In April 1910 , a fire observation station was established on the mountain . At the time no tower was needed as views from the mountain were unobstructed due to lack of tree cover . The structure built was a wooden pole frame with a canvas tarp where the observer could get away from the weather . In 1918 , the Civilian Conservation Corps erected a Aermotor LS40 tower . The tower ceased fire watching operations in 1987 . In 1992 , the tower was removed due to irreparable damage caused by vandals . Also it was removed due to it being a `` non-conforming '' structure in the Pharaoh Lakes Wilderness Area .
External links
The Fire Towers of New York
References
Adirondacks
Tourist attractions in Essex County , New York
Mountains of Essex County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Hubert Mara is an Austrian Computer Scientist who specializes in Archaeoinformatics and the application of methods from computer science to the humanities , and thus a combination of these fields .
Education and career
Hubert Mara graduated ( matura ) in electrical engineering from the HTBLuVA in Wiener Neustadt and studied computer science at the TU Wien , graduating in 2006 . Already during their studies they participated in excavations in Israel and Peru , where they learned to combine methods of computer science and humanities . Early on , they participated in the development of new methods here , such as for 3D recording of ancient pottery for the Austrian Corpus Vasorum Antiquorum . After graduation , they received a Marie Curie Fellowship , with the help of which they went to the University of Florence , where they joined the Cultural Heritage Informatics Research Oriented Network ( CHIRON ) was involved in the development of the London Charter for the Computational Visualization of Cultural Heritage .
In 2009 , Mara moved to the Interdisciplinary Center for Scientific Computing ( IWR ) at the Universität Heidelberg . In Heidelberg , their interdisciplinary doctorate was awarded in 2012 , with Willi Jäger and Hans Georg Bock as reviewers . As part of the dissertation , they developed the GigaMesh Software Framework . This was a free and open source modular software for displaying , editing and visualizing 3D data . In practice , it is used to make things visible again that can no longer be captured with the normal human eye . Thus , it was now possible to make the writing on weathered gravestones legible again , to make fingerprints on archaeological ceramics visible , or to make damaged cuneiform texts legible again . They received their doctorate in 2012 , after which Mara founded the Forensic Computational Geometry Laboratory ( FCGL or FCGLab ) , also at Heidelberg University . They lead the FCGLab , which was funded as a junior research group by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft under the 2nd German Universities Excellence Initiative from 2014 to 2020 . The group was dedicated to further projects on 3D computer vision , but also machine learning for archaeological finds . In Heidelberg , they had the doctoral right between 2014 and 2020 , and was able to supervise three PhD students in the process . In 2020 , they were awarded the European Heritage Award of the Europa Nostra in the field of research for their collaboration on the project Scanning for Syria . As of June 2020 , Mara moved to the Mainz Centre for Digitality in the Humanities and Cultural Studies ( mainzed ) as executive director . Since 1 . November 2021 , Mara is a tenure-track-junior professor of eHumanities at the Institute of Computer Science at University of Halle . They are an Editor-in-Chief of it - Information Technology journal series at De Gruyter , which is one of the oldest publication media of computer science in Germany .
Research topics
Mara 's main focus is on the connection of computer science with the humanities , especially archaeology . The core of their work is the development of new analysis , representation and research methods for archaeological finds , such as the age determination of 3D-captured cuneiform tablets with Artificial Intelligence . Starting with GigaMesh , they have done fundamental work in these areas . Since 2016 , they have served on the advisory board of the German chapter of the Computer Applications and Quantitative Methods in Archaeology . Mara 's publication list now includes a three-digit number of publications of various types and forms .
Notes
External links
Mit neuem Schwung in die Zukunft article on the mainzed website .
Digitale Archäologie ; zur Berufung zum Juniorprofessor auf campus-halensis.de
Computer scientists
Scientists from Vienna
Austrian computer scientists
TU Wien alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Alltid på väg ( Always on the road ) is the third studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Nanne Grönvall , released in October 2005 .
Track listing
References
2005 albums
Nanne Grönvall albums
Hsu Su-ming ( ; born 28 January 1949 ) is a Taiwanese pathologist .
Hsu studied medicine at National Taiwan University and split their residency between National Taiwan University Hospital and Rhode Island Hospital . They remained in the United States , first working for the National Institutes of Health , then teaching at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston and later the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences . They returned to Taiwan in 1995 to teach at NTU . From 1985 , Hsu was an ISI highly cited researcher .
References
1949 births
Living people
20th-century Taiwanese scientists
21st-century Taiwanese scientists
Taiwanese pathologists
National Taiwan University faculty
National Taiwan University alumni
National Institutes of Health people
University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston faculty
University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences faculty
Taiwanese expatriates in the United States
The 2017 mayoral election in Lansing , Michigan , was held on November 7 , 2017 to elect the Mayor of Lansing , Michigan . Andy Schor , a member of the Democratic Party , was elected to their first term as mayor .
Background
Twelve-year incumbent Virg Bernero , a Democrat , declined to seek re-election in 2017 .
Campaign
Five candidates ran in the primary election : Andy Schor , a member of the Michigan House of Representatives ; city council member and former athlete Judi Brown Clarke ; former city council member Harold Leeman Jr. ; Daniel Trevino , the son of a medical marijuana shop owner ; and retiree Michael Joseph Gillenkirk , who previously worked for the Michigan Chamber of Commerce and the Michigan Republican Party . Schor and Clarke placed first and second in the primary and so advanced to the general election .
Results
Primary election , August 8 , 2017
Andy Schor – 8,402 ( 68.37 % )
Judi Brown Clarke – 2,874 ( 23.39 % )
Danny Trevino – 452 ( 3.68 % )
Michael Joseph Gillenkirk – 367 ( 2.99 % )
Harold Leeman Jr. – 194 ( 1.58 % )
General election , November 7 , 2017
Andy Schor – 12,407 ( 72.09 % )
Judi Brown Clarke – 4,804 ( 27.91 % )
See also
2017 United States elections
List of mayors of Lansing , Michigan
References
Lansing
2017 Michigan elections
Local elections in Michigan
Lansing , Michigan
Lansing
Plagodis alcoolaria , the hollow-spotted plagodis , is a moth of the family Geometridae . The species was first described by Achille Guenée in 1857 . It is found in eastern and central North America .
The wingspan is 26–35 mm . Adults are on wing from the end of March to September .
The larvae feed on various deciduous trees , including basswood , beech , maple and oak . They prefer Betula ( birch ) species .
Description
They have yellowish-white wings , with orangish-brown shading and lines that range in color from orange to brown black . The perimeter line curves outward and meets costa closer to apex than in other Plagodis species . They also have a large discal spot . The summer brood ( P. kempii ) have a paler yellow color with fewer markings than the spring brood .
Distribution and habitat
They are found across North America . They are spotted from Nova Scotia to Georgia , west to Manitoba , and in South Dakota , Missouri , and Mississippi .
External links
Ourapterygini
Moths of North America
The 2011 Indian Premier League season , abbreviated as IPL 4 or the IPL 2011 , was the fourth season of the Indian Premier League , the top Twenty20 cricket league in India . The tournament was hosted in India and the opening and closing ceremonies were held in M. A. Chidambaram Stadium , Chennai , the home venue of the reigning champions Chennai Super Kings . The season ran from 8 April to 28 May 2011 . This season the number of teams in the league went from eight to ten with the additions of the Pune Warriors India and the Kochi Tuskers Kerala . The tagline was Dum laga ke mara re ! ( hit with power ! )
The tournament was won by the Chennai Super Kings for the second successive season defeating Royal Challengers Bangalore by 58 runs in the final in Chennai , with the winning team 's Murali Vijay being named Man of the Match . With this win CSK became the first , and till 2014 the only team to have won the IPL on more than one occasion . Despite Bangalore failing to win the title , one of the team 's players , Chris Gayle was named as the tournament 's best player . They scored 608 runs in twelve innings – the most in the tournament – as well as picking up eight wickets , having joined the team after the start of the season due to an injury to another overseas player , Dirk Nannes . Mumbai Indians ' Lasith Malinga set a new record for most wickets taken within an Indian Premier League season , claiming 28 wickets during the campaign , but Mumbai had to settle for third place in the tournament , having lost to Bangalore in the second qualifier . Chennai , Bangalore and Mumbai represented India in the Champions League 2011 tournament in September . The Fair Play Award was again won by the Chennai Super Kings for topping the fair-play table .
Format
With the introduction of 2 new teams , a new ten-team format was created . This new format consists of 74 matches and was introduced as retaining the previous format would result in 94 matches , significantly greater than the 60 matches from the previous season , where teams compete in a double round-robin tournament . The knockout stage was changed to a playoff format . If a match ends in a tie , a Super Over will be played to determine the winner .
The ten teams are divided into two groups of five . In the group stage , each team plays 14 games : facing the other four teams in their group two times each ( one home and one away game ) , four teams in the other group once , and the remaining team two times . A random draw was used to determine the groups and who plays whom across the groups once and twice .
Each team plays the team in the same row and the same column twice , and all others once . For instance , Deccan chargers will play Chennai Super Kings and the other Group A teams twice but the other teams from Group B ( Kolkata Knight Riders , Kochi Tuskers Kerala , Royal Challengers Bangalore and Rajasthan Royals ) only once . Similarly Kochi Tuskers Kerala will play Delhi Daredevils and the other Group B teams twice but all other teams from Group A only once .
Team winning a match will be awarded 2 points . The losing team will not receive any points . In case of a draw or no result , both teams will be awarded 1 point .
A four-game playoff stage following the Page playoff system is held after the group stage . Four games will be played in the playoffs :
Qualifier 1 : between the teams ranked first and second in the group stage .
Eliminator : between the teams ranked third and fourth in the group stage .
Qualifier 2 : between the loser of the Qualifier 1 and winner of the Eliminator .
Final : between the winners of the Qualifiers 1 and 2 .
The top three teams from the tournament qualify for the 2011 Champions League Twenty20 while the fourth team enters the qualifying stage of the tournament . Due to the playoff format , the qualifying teams will be the top two teams of the group stage and the winner of the Eliminator in the playoff stage .
Venues
Squads
Each team can have a squad of at most 30 players with a maximum of US $ 9 million to spend on purchasing players . . Choosing to retain players would subject to a reduction in their salary cap , reducing the amount they may spend on other players . All other players were added to the auction held on 8 and 9 January 2011 .
The catchment areas of the eight existing teams were changed to account for the two new teams . Catchment areas are nominated areas to help each side select their local players . Each team must select four players from their area .
A total of 12 players have been retained by all the franchises while the remaining go to the auction list . The retained players – who must have been part of the franchise 's registered squads for the 2010 season – were valued at $ 1.8 million for the first player , $ 1.3 million for the second , $ 900,000 for the third and $ 500,000 for the fourth . Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings retained the maximum of four players while the Kings XI Punjab , Deccan Chargers and Kolkata Knight Riders released all their players .
The RCB franchise owners only retained one player ( Virat Kohli ) , but let go few key players – Rahul Dravid , Dale Steyn , Jacques Kallis . These players emerged very consistent subsequently in the years 2012 , 2013 .
Teams and standings
Points table
This table is correct .
( `` C '' refers to the `` Champions '' of the Tournament . ' R ' ( 2nd Position ) , ' 3 ' and ' 4 ' are the positions of the respective teams in the tournament . )
Pune and Kochi are new to the league . The auction for these teams was held at Chennai on 22 March 2010 . These two bids , worth a total of Rs 3,235 crore , were more than the Rs 2,853 crore collectively paid for the eight franchises in the first auction , on 24 January 2008 .
The Rajasthan Royals , and the Kings XI Punjab were temporarily ejected from the league due to issues with their unreported ownership changes . The teams were reinstated with involvement from the High Court . Their owners were broken into several legal entities when the BCCI required the incorporation of the companies . Kochi was also at risk of ejection for the same reasons before BCCI cleared their new ownership pattern for the tournament .
Results
Group stage
Playoff stage
Fixtures
All match times in Indian Standard Time ( UTC+5:30 )
Group stage
Playoff stage
Qualifier 1
Eliminator
Qualifier 2
Final
Statistics
Most runs
The leading scorer of the league phase wears an orange cap when fielding .
Most wickets
Tournament 's leading wicket taker wears a purple cap when fielding .
References
External links
Official Indian Premier League website
CricInfo Indian Premier League 2011 minisite
Indian Premier League seasons
1
Indian Premier League
Arabtec Holding PJSC , Dubai 's most heavily traded and largest construction group in GCC , together with its subsidiaries , provides construction services for residential , commercial , oil and gas , infrastructure , power , facilities management , and property development sectors in the United Arab Emirates and internationally . It operates through Construction ; Mechanical , Electrical and Plumbing ; Oil & Gas , Infrastructure and Power ; and other segments . The company is involved in the construction of high-rise towers , buildings , and residential villas , as well as undertakes drainage , electrical , mechanical , plumbing , contracting and related , and civil and infrastructure construction works . It also engages in the real estate investment , development , leasing , and management activities ; buys and sells real estate properties ; and leases and manages third party properties . In addition , the company manufactures precast panels ; and fabricates steel structures and profiles , as well as manufactures and transports ready mixed concrete
Arabtec has executed a number of high-profile construction projects , including the Burj Khalifa ( the tallest building in the world ) , the fit out of Burj Al Arab ( fourth tallest hotel in the world that was constructed by Al Habtoor Engineering Enterprises in partnership with Murray & Roberts ) , Louvre Museum in Abu Dhabi , Terminal 1 of Dubai International Airport and passenger terminal of Dubai World Central International Airport ( now Al Maktoum International Airport ) .
Arabtec has business agreements with a number of major construction conglomerates across the world , including the Saudi Binladin Group .
On September 30 , 2020 , Arabtec filed for liquidation due to its untenable financial position following the fallout from the coronavirus pandemic .
Overview
Arabtec Construction is a multinational construction company that is headquartered in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , where it is one of the leading companies in its sector . Arabtec Construction was established in Dubai in 1975 and has completed a number of projects in different construction sectors such as High Rise Developments , Hotels and Hotel Interiors , Office Blocks , Commercial Developments , Industrial Projects , Major Airport Developments , Stadiums , Infrastructure and Drainage works , Offshore Oil and Gas Installations and Residential Complexes .
Growth in Dubai was followed by geographical diversification and local and international expansion . Arabtec Construction has associated companies based in Abu Dhabi , Jordan , Pakistan , Qatar , Russia , Saudi Arabia and Syria . Arabtec Construction operates under Arabtec Holding PJSC . The group now consists of 13 subsidiaries , each one providing end-to-end contracting services across the construction value chain .
Initial Public Offering
Arabtec Holding was the first privately held company as well as the first construction company to go public in the UAE . The company was listed on the Dubai Financial Market ( DFM ) in 2005 and since the IPO the stock has been one of the most traded in the region . In 2010 Dubai Financial Market awarded Arabtec Holding as the most traded stock from year 2000 to 2010 .
Sponsorship
Arabtec on May 14 , 2014 signed an sponsorship agreement with Premier League giants Manchester City F.C . to sponsor the football club for 3 years .
History
Founded in 1975 , Arabtec took advantage of the emerging markets in the UAE during the construction boom of the 1970s . Arabtec Construction started as a construction company specialized in high tech civil engineering and infrastructure works .
During the 1980s Arabtec began an involvement with the oil and gas sectors in Abu Dhabi . In 1995 Arabtec diversified into airport work which played a key role in the company 's expansion and its rise to become one of the top contractors in Dubai . In the 1990s Arabtec also expanded into the villa sector . The expansion into villas and housing led to the creation of a division called Arabtec Living , which marked a key milestone in the expansion and growth of the company . As early as in 1976 Arabtec made its first foray into high rise construction .
In 2011 , Arabtec formed a joint-venture with Raheja Developers of India . Raheja Developers awarded construction contracts worth US $ 204 million to the JV . The company 's first project is to construct a 56-story , residential complex , known as Raheja Revanta , in Gurgaon .
In 2013 , Arabtec formed a joint-venture with Samsung Engineering of South Korea . They will collaborate to undertake large-scale projects in oil & gas , power and infrastructure in the Middle East and North Africa . Arabtec-Samsung will bid for contracts that range from $ 3 billion to $ 10 billion in value .
In August 2012 , Arabtec won AED11 billion contract to build the new airport in Abu Dhabi ( Midfield Terminal Building ) in JV with Turkish TAV and CCC ( TCA-JV ) .
In 2015 , Arabtec posted a loss of $ 626 million .
In 2016 , Arabtec won the US $ 1.1 billion contract to build a new terminal at Bahrain International Airport under the name of Bahrain International Airport Modernization Program having a Joint Venture with a Turkish Company called TAV Construction ; together the company is referred as ATJV in Bahrain .
Liquidation
Arabtec Holding shareholders authorised the board to file for liquidation due to its undefendable financial position following the bad economic condition due to the coronavirus pandemic .
Labour Welfare
In 2016 , Arabtec was awarded a 5-star rating Taqdeer Award . The Taqdeer Award , launched by Shaikh Hamdan Bin Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum , Crown Prince of Dubai is the first of its kind in the world that seeks to recognise companies for their labour policies and efforts , so as to inspire them to further improve their labour practices . Arabtec was evaluated based on factors considered for the ratings , which include labour policies , facilities and infrastructure , health and safety , labour security , recruitment and wages , justice and transparency , labour relations and other indicators .
Controversy
In a 2009 BBC Panorama program , Arabtec was exposed as treating their migrant workers inhumanely . The program showed how Arabtec failed to provide its workers with basic amenities to live with conditions deteriorating rapidly across the camp .
Armed with secret cameras , BBC reporters sneaked into the camp to be met with the smell of raw sewage . Sewage had leaked out all over the camp , and workers had to create a network of stepping stones to cross it and get back to their accommodation blocks .
Documents which had been obtained by the BBC clearly show that a month previous to the television crews ' visit , the Dubai municipality described the sewage situation at the site as critical . Arabtec had also been fined 10,000 AED , which is approximately £2,000 , for neglecting hygiene standards and allowing sewage to overflow into accommodation used by workers .
Arabtec said it did not accept that there were unsanitary conditions at any of its camps ' toilets . It blamed the workers , saying , despite training , their `` standards of cleanliness and hygiene are not up to your or our standards '' .
Joint ventures and subsidiaries
Arabtec Holding PJSC , Dubai , UAE – Holding company – Management of subsidiaries
Austrian Arabian Ready Mix , Dubai , UAE – Manufacture and transportation of ready mix concrete products
House of Equipment Co. L.L.C , Dubai , UAE – Trading and leasing of construction equipment .
Arabtec Construction Qatar L.L.C , Doha , Qatar – Civil construction and related works
Arabtec Precast L.L.C , Dubai , UAE – Manufacture of precast panels
Nasser Bin Khaled Factory Ready Mix Concrete Co. L.C.C , Doha , Qatar – Manufacture and transportation of ready mix concrete product .
Emirates Falcon Electromechanical Co. ( EFECO ) L.L.C , Dubai , UAE – Electrical mechanical and plumbing contracts
Arabtec Construction ( India ) Private Limited , Gurgaon , India - JV with Raheja Developers for residential complex construction works
Arabtec Engineering Services L.L.C , Dubai , UAE – Infrastructure construction works
Arabtec Construction Syria L.L.C , Syria – Civil construction and related works
Arabtec Pakistan Limited , Pakistan – Civil construction and related works
Target Engineering Construction Company , Abu Dhabi , UAE – Civil construction and related works
Gulf Steel Industries FZC , Sharjah , UAE – Fabrication of steel structures and profiles .
Arabtec Saudi Arabia L.L.C , Saudi Arabia – Civil Construction and related works
Polypod Middle East L.L.C , Abu Dhabi , UAE – Manufacture of bathroom , kitchen and hot press pods
Arabtec Egypt L.L.C , Cairo , Egypt - Egyptian construction and infrastructure markets with focus on residential , infrastructure and commercial projects .
Arabtec-Samsung Engineering , Dubai , UAE – Energy and power-related projects in North Africa and the Middle East
Arabtec Raheja , Delhi-NCR , India – Civil Construction and related works
Major services and projects of ARABTEC
Arabtec is one of the largest contractors for civil and infrastructure works , having executed several notable projects such as the Burj Khalifa , completed in January 2010 the tower is the tallest in the world standing 828 metres above ground .
Major projects executed or under progress —
High Rise Developments e.g . Burj Khalifa , the tallest structure in the world , Infinity Tower , Lakhta Center , Karachi Financial Towers , Ocean Heights , 21st Century Tower
Hotels e.g . Emirates Palace Hotel , Aloft Hotel , Fairmont Hotel , The Address Downtown Dubai Hotel
Hotel Interiors e.g . Burj Al Arab , Jumeirah Beach Hotel and Ritz Carlton
Commercial e.g . Dubai Maritime City , Dubai International Financial Center Gate Village , Exhibition Centre for ADNEC
Oil and Gas e.g . Mubarraz Island , Gas Processing Plant
Major Airport Developments e.g . Dubai Airport and Dubai World Central International Airport
Stadiums e.g . Ghantoot Grandstand and Dubai Sports City Stadiums
Residential Complexes e.g . Emirates Hills , Arabian Ranches , Raheja Revanta ( Gurgaon , India ) and Jumeirah Beach Residences
Mixed Use Developments e.g . Al Waab City
Industrial and Marine Projects e.g . Abu Dhabi Ship Building Facility , Mubarraz Island oil processing plant
Educational Developments e.g . Princess Nora bint Abdul Rahman University , Saudi Arabia
Oil , Gas , and Power e.g . Middle East and North Africa ; Joint venture with Samsung Engineering .
Expansion plans
Arabtec Construction has announced plans to expand into the emerging markets of the Middle East and North Africa ( MENA region ) . Plans are set to enter Algeria , Angola , Azerbaijan , Libya , and Turkmenistan .
Arabtec was in 2009 ranked as the 104th largest Global Contractor , based on the total firm contracting revenue , according to the Engineering News Record .
Awards
Company awards
World Finance Company of the Decade 2000-2010 , World Finance Magazine March–April 2011 , ( 2011 )
Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum ( MRM ) Business Award 2008 , Construction Category , ( 2008 )
Company of the Year , Arabian Business Awards , ( 2007 )
Project awards
The Address , Downtown Dubai - New Hotel 2008 at the World Hotel Award , ( 2008 )
Infinity Towers - Six World Class Design Awards , Cayan Investment Development
Sanctuary Falls , 96 Villas - Best Golf Development , CNBC , Arabian Property Award , ( 2007 )
Le Reve - Best Luxury Development in the world Gold Awards , Home Overseas Magazine Awards , UK , ( 2006 )
Le Reve - Best Use of Technology , Home Overseas Magazine Awards , UK , ( 2006 )
Emirates Hills - Gold Award , Home Overseas Magazine Awards , UK , ( 2005 )
References
Construction and civil engineering companies of the United Arab Emirates
Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1975
Emirati companies established in 1975
The New Guinea friarbird ( Philemon buceroides novaeguineae ) , also known as the Papuan friarbird , is a bird in the Meliphagidae , or honeyeater family . Many taxonomists consider it to be a subspecies of the helmeted friarbird , although some consider it to be a distinct species .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in northern Australia and New Guinea . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
BirdLife International 2004 . Philemon novaeguineae . 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species . Downloaded on 26 July 2007 .
New Guinea friarbird
Birds of New Guinea
New Guinea friarbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Expect is an extension to the Tcl scripting language written by Don Libes . The program automates interactions with programs that expose a text terminal interface . Expect , originally written in 1990 for the Unix platform , has since become available for Microsoft Windows and other systems .
Basics
Expect is used to automate control of interactive applications such as Telnet , FTP , passwd , fsck , rlogin , tip , SSH , and others . Expect uses pseudo terminals ( Unix ) or emulates a console ( Windows ) , starts the target program , and then communicates with it , just as a human would , via the terminal or console interface . Tk , another Tcl extension , can be used to provide a GUI .
Usage
Expect serves as a `` glue '' to link existing utilities together . The general idea is to figure out how to make Expect use the system 's existing tools rather than figure out how to solve a problem inside of Expect .
A key usage of Expect involves commercial software products . Many of these products provide some type of command-line interface , but these usually lack the power needed to write scripts . They were built to service the users administering the product , but the company often does not spend the resources to fully implement a robust scripting language . An Expect script can spawn a shell , look up environmental variables , perform some Unix commands to retrieve more information , and then enter into the product 's command-line interface armed with the necessary information to achieve the user 's goal . After retrieving information by interacting with the product via its command-line interface , the script can make intelligent decisions about what action to take , if any .
Every time an Expect operation is completed , the results are stored in a local variable called $ expect_out . This allows the script to harvest information to feedback to the user , and it also allows conditional behavior of what to send next based on the circumstances .
A common use of Expect is to set up a testing suite for programs , utilities or embedded systems . DejaGnu is a testing suite written using Expect for use in testing . It has been used for testing GCC and remote targets such as embedded development .
Expect script can be automated using a tool called 'autoexpect ' . This tool observes your actions and generates an Expect script using heuristics . Though generated code may be large and somewhat cryptic , one can always tweak the generated script to get the exact code .
# Assume $ remote_server , $ my_user_id , $ my_password , and
# $ my_command were read earlier in the script .
# Open a Telnet session to a remote server , and wait
# for a username prompt .
spawn telnet $ remote_server
expect `` username : ''
# Send the username , and then wait for a password prompt .
send `` $ my_user_id\r ''
expect `` password : ''
# Send the password , and then wait for a shell prompt .
send `` $ my_password\r ''
expect `` % ''
# Send the prebuilt command , and then wait
# for another shell prompt .
send `` $ my_command\r ''
expect `` % ''
# Capture the results of the command into a variable . This
# can be displayed , or written to disk .
set results $ expect_out ( buffer )
# Exit the Telnet session , and wait for a special
# end-of-file character .
send `` exit\r ''
expect eof
Another example is a script that automates FTP :
# Set timeout parameter to a proper value .
# For example , the file size is indeed big and the network
# speed is really one problem , you 'd better set this
# parameter a value .
set timeout -1
# Open an FTP session to a remote server , and
# wait for a username prompt .
spawn ftp $ remote_server
expect `` username : ''
# Send the username , and then wait for a password prompt .
send `` $ my_user_id\r ''
expect `` password : ''
# Send the password , and then wait for an 'ftp ' prompt .
send `` $ my_password\r ''
expect `` ftp > ''
# Switch to binary mode , and then wait for an 'ftp ' prompt .
send `` bin\r ''
expect `` ftp > ''
# Turn off prompting .
send `` prompt\r ''
expect `` ftp > ''
# Get all the files
send `` mget * \r ''
expect `` ftp > ''
# Exit the FTP session , and wait for a special
# end-of-file character .
send `` bye\r ''
expect eof
Below is an example that automates SFTP ( with a password ) :
# ! /usr/bin/env expect -f
# Procedure to attempt connecting ; result 0 if OK , 1 otherwise
proc connect { passw } {
expect {
`` Password : '' {
send `` $ passw\r ''
expect {
`` sftp * '' {
return 0
}
}
}
}
# Timed out
return 1
}
# Read the input parameters
set user [ lindex $ argv 0 ]
set passw [ lindex $ argv 1 ]
set host [ lindex $ argv 2 ]
set location [ lindex $ argv 3 ]
set file1 [ lindex $ argv 4 ]
set file2 [ lindex $ argv 5 ]
# puts `` Argument data : \n '' ;
# puts `` user : $ user '' ;
# puts `` passw : $ passw '' ;
# puts `` host : $ host '' ;
# puts `` location : $ location '' ;
# puts `` file1 : $ file1 '' ;
# puts `` file2 : $ file2 '' ;
# Check if all were provided
if { $ user == `` '' || $ passw == `` '' || $ host == `` '' || $ location == `` '' || $ file1 == `` '' || $ file2 == `` '' } {
puts `` Usage : < user > < passw > < host > < location > < file1 to send > < file2 to send > \n ''
exit 1
}
# Sftp to specified host and send the files
spawn sftp $ user @ $ host
set rez [ connect $ passw ]
if { $ rez == 0 } {
send `` cd $ location\r ''
set timeout -1
send `` put $ file2\r ''
send `` put $ file1\r ''
send `` ls -l\r ''
send `` quit\r ''
expect eof
exit 0
}
puts `` \nError connecting to server : $ host , user : $ user and password : $ passw ! \n ''
exit 1
Using passwords as command-line arguments , like in this example , is a huge security hole , as any other user on the machine can read this password by running `` ps '' . You can , however , add code that will prompt you for your password rather than giving your password as an argument . This should be more secure . See the example below .
stty -echo
send_user -- `` Enter Password : ``
expect_user -re `` ( . * ) \n ''
send_user `` \n ''
stty echo
set PASS $ expect_out ( 1 , string )
Another example of automated SSH login to a user machine :
# Timeout is a predefined variable in Expect which by
# default is set to 10 seconds .
# spawn_id is another predefined variable in Expect .
# It is a good practice to close spawn_id handle
# created by spawn command .
set timeout 60
spawn ssh $ user @ machine
while { 1 } {
expect {
eof { break }
`` The authenticity of host '' { send `` yes\r '' }
`` password : '' { send `` $ password\r '' }
`` * \ ] '' { send `` exit\r '' }
}
}
wait
close $ spawn_id
Alternatives
Various projects implement Expect-like functionality in other languages , such as C # , Java , Scala , Groovy , Perl , Python , Ruby , Shell and Go . These are generally not exact clones of the original Expect , but the concepts tend to be very similar .
C #
Expect.NET — Expect functionality for C # ( .NET )
DotNetExpect — An Expect-inspired console automation library for .NET
Erlang
lux - test automation framework with Expect style execution commands .
Go
GoExpect - Expect-like package for the Go language
go-expect - an Expect-like Go language library to automate control of terminal or console based programs .
Groovy
expect4groovy - a Groovy DSL implementation of Expect tool .
Java
ExpectIt — a pure Java 1.6+ implementation of the Expect tool . It is designed to be simple , easy to use and extensible .
expect4j — an attempt at a Java clone of the original Expect
ExpectJ — a Java implementation of the Unix expect utility
Expect-for-Java — pure Java implementation of the Expect tool
expect4java - a Java implementation of the Expect tool , but supports nested closures . There is also wrapper for Groovy language DSL .
Perl
Expect.pm — Perl module ( the newest version at metacpan.org )
Python
Pexpect — Python module for controlling interactive programs in a pseudo-terminal
winpexpect — port of pexpect to the Windows platform
paramiko-expect — A Python expect-like extension for the Paramiko SSH library which also supports tailing logs .
Ruby
RExpect — a drop in replacement for the expect.rb module in the standard library .
Expect4r — Interact with Cisco IOS , IOS-XR , and Juniper JUNOS CLI
Rust
rexpect - pexpect-like package for the Rust language .
Scala
scala-expect — a Scala implementation of a very small subset of the Expect tool .
Shell
Empty — expect-like utility to run interactive commands in the Unix shell-scripts
sexpect — Expect for shells . It 's implemented in the client/server model which also supports attach/detach ( like GNU screen ) .
References
Further reading
External links
( IBM Developerworks )
Scripting languages
Free software programmed in Tcl
Automation software
Tk ( software )
Public-domain software with source code
Defending gold medalists Serena Williams and Venus Williams of the United States successfully defended their title , beating the Czech Republic 's Andrea Hlaváčková and Lucie Hradecká in the final , 6–4 , 6–4 to win the gold medal in Women 's Doubles tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics . With the victory , the Williams sisters claimed their third gold medal in doubles and also became the first players in tennis history to win four Olympic golds , with the pairing also winning the doubles gold in 2000 and 2008 , and Venus winning the 2000 singles and Serena winning the 2012 singles events . In the bronze medal match , Russia 's Maria Kirilenko and Nadia Petrova defeated the United States ' Liezel Huber and Lisa Raymond , 4–6 , 6–4 , 6–1 .
The tournament was held from 28 July to 5 August on the grass courts of the England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon , London of the United Kingdom .
All matches were the best of three sets , with tie-breaks used for the first two sets of each match .
Calendar
Seeds
The top seeded team received a bye into the second round .
Draw
Key
INV = Tripartite invitation
IP = ITF place
Alt = Alternate
w/o = Walkover
r = Retired
d = Defaulted
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Women 's Doubles Draw
2012
Tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics
2012 in women 's tennis
Women 's events at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Rudka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately north-east of Ruda-Huta , north-east of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Rugiaevit , Rugievit ( ) or Ruyevit is a god of the Slavic Rani worshipped on Rügen , mentioned in only two sources : Gesta Danorum and in Knýtlinga saga . Their temple , along with those of Porevit and Porenut , was located in the gord of Charenza , probably today 's Garz . The statue of them had seven faces , seven swords at their belt and an eighth one in their hand . Under their lips was a nest of swallows . Mostly associated with the sphere of war , but also sexual .
`` Private '' , from the point of view of rulers , cult of Rugiaevit competed with the `` public '' and theocratic cult of Svetovit of Arkona .
Sources
The first source to mention Rugiaevit is the Gesta Danorum by Saxo Grammaticus . Saxo describes when , after Arkona was captured by the Danish king Valdemar I , its inhabitants made an agreement with him , which encourages the inhabitants of Charenza to make a similar agreement and surrender the city without a fight . Saxo describes how the stronghold had three temples dedicated to Rugiaevit , Porevit and Porenut and the destruction of the idol of Rugiaevit in June 1168 :
Then , after overthrowing the idols of Porevit and Porenut , Bishop Absalon ordered all three to be taken outside the town to be burned there so as not to expose the village to fire . Saxo here describes a superstition related to sexual acts , but it is not clear with which god this superstition is associated :
The same information is then given by Knýtlinga saga , which lists Rugiaevit in the distorted form Rinvit .
Interpretations
There are two ways to read this theonym . The name Rugiaevit is most often translated as `` lord , ruler of Rügen '' . Often scholars propose to read the name as Ruyevit ; Aleksander Gieysztor suggests combining the first part of this reading with the root ru- existing in such words as řuti `` to roar '' , ruja `` roar of deer '' , `` estrous , heat '' ( as well as `` fertility '' ) , which occurs in the Old Russian word rujenь – a term for one of the autumn months that falls during the time of the estrous cycle ( cf . Czech říjen , Bulgarian руен ( ruen ) , Serbo-Croatian ру̑јан , rujan ) . Lubor Niederle , assuming the phonetic similarity of Ruyevit and Yarovit , concluded that the two gods were identical . The suffix -vit translates as `` lord , ruler '' ; it is less often compared with the word vitędzь due to the borrowing of this word from Germanic languages ( cf . viking ) .
The functions of the god remain a matter of debate . Saxo primarily regards Rugiaevit as a war god – the equivalent of the Roman Mars . According to Saxo , one of the Charenza gods , probably Rugiaevit , was associated with punishing sexual intercourse , perhaps near the temple , with vaginismus . According to Gieysztor , Ruyevit was an incarnation of Perun , and links warlike qualities , etymology ( `` heat '' , 'fertility ' ) , and punishment for sexual intercourse , with the Vedic Indra , who also combines warlike and sexual functions .
The meaning of the seven faces is unclear . Comparative studies suggest that polycephaly is associated with cosmological ideas : the duality of nature , the threefold or sevenfold vertical system , or the fourfold horizontal system . Gieysztor noted the similarity to the myth of an eastern Finnic people about seven brothers turning into birds , but as they noted , it is unclear how this motif would have made its way to Rügen .
Swallows , which caused the Danes to laugh , are sometimes called `` God 's birds '' and among the Slavs are considered the harbinger of spring and the personification of souls , and this would tie Ruyevit to spring as well .
According to Jacek Banaszkiewicz , a Polish professor of medieval history , the Charenza gods should not be viewed as three different , `` random '' gods , but as a specific set of deities . They note that during the Middle Ages , princely and royal authorities chose as their capital cities or towns where the largest cult centers were located , and cites Kyiv or Uppsala as examples . In the temple at Uppsala , a trinity consisting of Thor , Odin , and Freyr was worshipped . Each of the gods , according to Georges Dumézil 's trifunctional hypothesis , was responsible for a particular area , fundamental for the existence of the society : Thor was the most powerful god , sat on the middle throne , was responsible for the weather , and thus for the harvest , and is also the thunderer , Odin was responsible for war , and Freyr for peace , prosperity , and pleasure . Banaszkiewicz notes , however , that there are often shifts in competence between the first two gods . In the case of the Rugian trinity , however , they offer a different interpretation . On the basis of comparative mythology , they consider Rugiaevit to be the chief god of the Rani , as evidenced by the most magnificent temple in the middle of the castle , a purple color , statue made of oak , who leads the battle and is the ruler of Rügen and the Rugian community . On the other hand , they consider Porevit and Porenut as divine twins who complement the chief deity with their universal qualities . This interpretation is supported by the fact that chief deities in other religions are also sometimes worshipped together with divine twins ( where the chief god is the father of the twins ) . A similar view was expressed by Gieysztor , who considered Ruyevit to be a local hypostasis of Perun .
References
Bibliography
Slavic gods
War gods
Fertility gods
Abel J. Tapia is an American politician who served as a member of the Colorado House of Representatives from 1999 to 2003 and the Colorado Senate from 2003 to 2010 . Tapia left the Senate when they were appointed director of the Colorado Lottery .
Career
Prior to their time in the General Assembly , Tapia served as elected member of the District-60 school board and as the President of the Pueblo Greater Chamber of Commerce .
On March 28 , 2014 Tapia announced their candidacy for Colorado 's 3rd congressional district of the United States House of Representatives . They were defeated by republican incumbent Scott Tipton .
In 2020 , Tapia was a candidate for the Pueblo County Commission , running on a platform of COVID-19 economy recovery , improving Pueblo 's existing jail , supporting small businesses . However , they were defeated in the June 2020 primary election by incumbent Garrison Ortiz .
References
External links
Abel Tapia 's Official Website
Colorado General Assembly - Abel Tapia official government website
Follow the Money - Abel J Tapia
2006 2004 2002 2000 1998 campaign contributions
Colorado state senators
Colorado State University Pueblo alumni
Hispanic and Latino American state legislators in Colorado
Members of the Colorado House of Representatives
1949 births
Living people
Colorado Democrats
Glen Marais is a suburb of Kempton Park , in Gauteng province , South Africa .
References
Suburbs of Kempton Park , Gauteng
World Possible is a non-profit organization based in California with a mission to connect offline learners to the world 's knowledge . World Possible makes and distributes RACHEL ( Remote Area Community Hotspot for Education and Learning ) , a server/router that hosts offline free educational content such as Khan Academy , Wikipedia , Project Gutenberg and others via Wi-Fi on a Raspberry Pi or Intel CAP computer . RACHEL is designed so that students or schools that do not have internet connections , but may already have devices ( such as cellphones , tablets , laptops or desktops ) that can receive data via wi-fi , can access educational content via RACHEL as a server . Content has been tailored to meet locally-relevant demand .
References
External links
Educational technology non-profits
Non-profit organizations based in Los Angeles
Digital library projects
The 1988 Holy Cross Crusaders football team was an American football team that represented the College of the Holy Cross during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season . Holy Cross finished third in the Colonial League , its first non-championship year since league play began in 1986 .
In their third year under head coach Mark Duffner , the Crusaders compiled a 9–2 record . Dennis Golden , Rob McGovern , Tom Smith and Jeff Wiley were the team captains .
The Crusaders outscored opponents 334 to 182 . Their 3–1 conference record placed second in the six-team Colonial League standings .
The Crusaders were ranked No . 1 in the preseason national Division I-AA rankings , but a 1–2 start dropped them out of the top 20 in the first round of in-season rankings . They remained unranked as they compiled an eight-game win streak to finish the season , but were recognized as No . 19 in the final poll , released after their last game .
Holy Cross played its home games at Fitton Field on the college campus in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Schedule
References
Holy Cross
Holy Cross Crusaders football seasons
Holy Cross Crusaders football
Yanchao District ( ) is a suburban district of Kaohsiung City , Taiwan .
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945 , Yanchao was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County . On 25 December 2010 , Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Yanchao was upgraded to a district of the city .
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Jianshan , Qionglin , Anzhao , Jiaoxiu , Fengxiong , Jinshan , Tungyan , Nanyan , Xiyan , Hengshan and Shenshui Village .
Education
National Kaohsiung Normal University
National Kaohsiung University of Science and Technology
Shu-Te University
I-Shou University College of Medicine
Tourist attractions
Agongdian Reservoir
Chang-E Valley
Chiliu Waterfall
Guanshui Temple
Jiaosu Mazu Temple
Mount Jiguan
Mount Nihou
Sun Valley
Yangnyu Lake
Transportation
Yanchao is served by Freeways 1 , 3 , and 10 , Provincial Highway 22 , and City Route 186 .
Notable natives
Wu Rong-i , Vice Premier of the Republic of China ( 2005-2006 )
Yang Chiu-hsing , Magistrate of Kaohsiung County ( 2001-2010 )
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
Malacosteus niger , commonly known as the black dragon fish , is a species of deep sea fish . Some additional common names for this species include : Northern Stoplight Loosejaw , Lightless Loosejaw , Black Loosejaw , and Black Hinged-Head . It belongs to the order of fishes called the dragonfishes , or scientifically known as the Stomiidae . It is among the top predators of the open mesopelagic zone . M. Niger is a circumglobal species , which means that it inhabits waters ranging from the tropics to the subarctics . Not many studies have been conducted on its feeding habits , but recent research suggests that M. niger primarily feed on a calanoid copopods which is a form of zooplankton . Indeed , it appears that M. niger primarily prey on zooplankton despite its apparent morphological adaptations for the consumption of relatively large prey . Another unique adaptation for this species is its ability to produce both red and blue bioluminescence . Most mesopelagic species are n't capable of producing red bioluminescence . This is advantageous because most other species can not perceive red light , therefor allowing M. niger to camouflage part of itself to its prey and predators .
Anatomy and physiology
Visual system
Malacosteus niger has yellow lenses that are believed to improve the functionality of the perception of their red bioluminescence . M. niger has adapted a retinal structure of `` ten layer elements , '' similar to those found in surface-level species and other shallow-water living species — which also perceive red light . Its retina is made up entirely of rods and no cones , with rhodopsin/porphyropsin pairs and a single opsin bound to some of its photoreceptors , which provide visual sensitivity up to 517-541 nm ( this falls within the wavelength of red light ) . Most deep-sea fish have a single visual pigment maximally sensitive at short wavelengths , approximately matching the spectrum of both downwelling sunlight and bioluminescence . For comparison , other red light producing stomiids , such as Aristostomias and Pachystostomias , have a third pigment which allows them to perceive light up to 588 nm and 595 nm respectively . The yellow lens reduce the amount of blue light that reaches the retina and increases sensitivity to longer wavelengths , which benefits M. niger and its red bioluminescence .
Yellow lens have also been identified in Echiostoma , which also produces red bioluminescence .
Morphology
Malacosteus niger has one of the largest relative gapes of any fish with the lower jaw being approximately one-quarter of the fishes length ( Figure A ) . It has enlarged fangs the curve back into its mouth to prevent its prey from escaping its grip ( Figure B ) . M. nigers is unique in that it does not contain gill rakers or gill teeth which is typically found in carnivorious fish species ( Figure C ) . The anterior vertebrae appear to be unossified which enables the fish to “ throw back its head ” to take on relatively large prey . Lastly , M. nigers lacks an ethinoid membrane ( no “ floor ” in its mouth ) which allows for it to consume bigger prey species ( Figure D ) . ( Refer to image on right hand side of webpage ) . The lack of a floor of the oral cavity allows for decreased resistive forces which allows M. niger to close its mouth rapidly and easily trap its prey . This adaptation also minimizes the amount of energy required for M. niger to close its mouth , thus permitting it to quickly latch onto fast-swimming prey .
The postorbital photophore in this species is larger than in M. australis . It also differs in lateral photophore count , as well as in morphological characters . The maximum known length is 25.6 cm ( 10.1 in ) . Its specific epithet niger is Latin for `` black '' .
Ecological and geographical distribution
Malacosteus niger is a circumglobal species and has a large geographic range . It can typically be found from the Arctic latitudes of 66o North and from 30o South in the Southern Hemisphere . While M. nigers is found throughout the world , it appears to be widely distributed and found often in the Eastern Central Atlantic Ocean . M. niger does not leave the mesopalgic and is known to have a vertical range from 500 meters to 1000 meters . Interestingly , it is believed to be the only member of the family that does not go through diel/vertical migration , which means that it does not migrate up to the surface like other fish species .
Diet
While the morphology of M. niger with huge fangs and an enormous gape is typical for its family and suggests adaptations to piscivory , its diet in fact contains a substantial proportion of zooplankton . Some of its documented prey include calanoid copepods , micronekton , decapod shrimps , and other decapods . M. niger digests its prey within a diel cycle , meaning the copepods it consumes at nighttime are digested by the afternoon the following day , which requires it to be constantly feeding on these small prey to sustain its energy . It has been recorded that copopods make up around 69 % -83 % of M. niger 's diet . This suggests that availability of large prey at these depths is often limited . It is suggested that its dominant feeding mode is searching for zooplanktonic prey ( copepods in particular ) using bioluminescence to illuminate a small search area , since M. niger experiences infrequent encounters with larger prey items . Current research suggests that M. niger has adopted this unique feeding habit in association with the abundance of prey . Recent studies in the eartern Gulf of Mexico indicate that large calanoid copepods are three orders of magnitude more abundant than either fish or shrimp . More research is needed within different regions to confirm this hypothesis . It is suggested that its dominant feeding mode is searching for zooplanktonic prey ( copepods in particular ) using bioluminescence to illuminate a small search area , with infrequent encounters with larger prey items . The likely origin of the pigment necessary for detecting its long wavelength bioluminescence , a chlorophyll derivative , is the copepods themselves .
Red bioluminescence
Malacosteus niger 's unique adaptation of producing red bioluminescence is only found in two other deep-sea dwelling creatures , Aristostomias and Pachystomias . This rare form of bioluminescence can reach up to 700 nm in the deep-sea and can not be perceived by green and blue bioluminescent organisms , thus granting M. niger a considerable advantage while hunting for food . Other deep-sea fish capable of detecting far-red bioluminescence , including Aristostomias and Pachystomias are able to do so using visual pigments . M. niger lacks these same long-wave pigments , and instead increases its sensitivity to red light using a chlorophyll-derived photosensitizer .
Malacosteus Niger has a tear-drop shaped , dark brown , suborbital photophore which is used to emit red light at an emission maxima of 710 nanometers . Removal of the top brown photophore layer causes a shift of the emission spectra to shorter wavelengths of around 650 nanometers . The photophores contain red-fluorescent material which is made to fluoresce via energy transfer from chemical reactions . Control of the photophore is maintained via innervation through branches of the fifth cranial nerve and this photophore . It is reported to be controlled independently of the postorbital blue photophore and has been noted to fluoresce for longer durations . The photophore is composed of a large pigmented sac containing a mass of scarlet gland cells . A thick , reflective layer lines the pigment sac , with occasional strands of reflective tissue running through the glandular core of the photophore . The outer layer is composed of large epithelial cells which merge into an inner , darker stained layer . The presumed function of this layer is to provide the brown layer through which fluorescence is filtered . The cells of the glandular core are characterized by a dense rough endoplasmic reticulum .
References
Stomiidae
Fish described in 1848
Taxa named by William Orville Ayres
Mon Chéri is an internationally known brand name of the Italian Ferrero company for a chocolate confectionery .
The phrase `` mon chéri '' is French for `` my darling '' . The Mon Chéri is a single-wrapped combination consisting of a `` heart '' of cherry ( 18 % ) floating in a liqueur ( 13 % ) and contained in a bittersweet chocolate housing ( 69 % ) . Each praline contains 46 kilocalories and is packaged in a red/pink wrapper .
Mon Chéri appeared for the first time in Italy in 1956 . From 1960 it was produced and marketed on the French and UK markets , and from 1961 on the German market . The name was chosen as a reference to the French way of life and was quickly adopted as brand name for the international market .
For the American market Mon Chéri was actually filled with hazelnuts and did not contain liqueur , similar to the Ferrero Küsschen that are sold in Germany and Denmark . After more than 20 years this variety was discontinued , except in Puerto Rico where it is imported from Germany as `` Mon Cheri . '' Most other markets still sell the cherry-filled Mon Chéri .
See also
List of confectionery brands
References
External links
Ferrero SpA brands
Chocolate
Hannibal George Najjar ( born October 1953 ) is a Trinidadian retired football player and manager .
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Trinidad and Tobago footballers
Trinidad and Tobago football managers
University of the West Indies alumni
Lindenwood University alumni
UMSL Tritons coaches
Trinidad and Tobago national football team managers
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate footballers
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate football managers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Expatriate soccer managers in Canada
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Expatriate soccer managers in the United States
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Crimetime is a 1996 British thriller film starring Stephen Baldwin , Pete Postlethwaite , Sadie Frost and directed by George Sluizer .
Plot
Crimetime is set in the future where the media is nearly omnipotent . When an unemployed actor named Bobby ( Stephen Baldwin ) is hired to play a serial killer on a crime reenactment television series they desire to understand the killer 's motivations and begins researching the crimes getting police officers to describe the grisly details of recent murders . Bobby becomes an expert and a star , which delights the real culprit and inspires them to go on to even more lurid , headline-grabbing crimes .
Reception
Crimetime was released to negative critical reaction mainly noting the confusion of the plot . Shlomo Schwartzberg of Boxoffice magazine stated `` Crime Time makes little sense at its best of times . At its worst , it 's unwatchable . '' Channel 4 in their review noted that in spite of `` a decent cast and the odd stylistic flourish , this psychodrama is dragged down by histrionic plotting , clunky talk and general sense of confusion over what it wants to be . ''
References
External links
1996 films
1990s psychological thriller films
British neo-noir films
British satirical films
Films directed by George Sluizer
Films about actors
Films set in the future
Trimark Pictures films
1990s English-language films
1990s British films
The long-tailed minivet ( Pericrocotus ethologus ) is a species of bird in the family Campephagidae . It is found in southern and south-eastern Asia where it occurs in Afghanistan , Bangladesh , Bhutan , China , India , Laos , Myanmar , Nepal , Pakistan , Thailand , and Vietnam . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
long-tailed minivet
Birds of China
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Thailand
Birds of Vietnam
long-tailed minivet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Patria PML 127 OWS ( overhead weapon system ) is a Finnish-developed remote weapon station ( RWS ) which mounts a 12.7 mm NSV machine gun and smoke canister dischargers .
The turret is electro-hydraulically driven and can traverse in a full 360° circle and can elevate between -8° to +48° .
The operator has a Zeiss PERI-Z16A1 sight and NAE 200 day/night periscopic sight with GEN II+ image intensifier . The system can also be fitted with a CCD or thermal camera .
It can be mounted to various vehicles . It is manufactured by Patria .
Operators
XA-203
References
Vehicle weapons
Remote weapon stations
Goods manufactured in Finland
Meall Glas is a mountain situated in the southern highlands of Scotland . It stands on the northern border of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park , 8.5 kilometres north east of Crianlarich .
Overview
Meall Glas has Munro status with a height of . It is the highest point of the high rolling uplands between Glen Lochay and Glen Dochart , an area lacking distinctive mountainous character . Another Munro , Sgiath Chuil , lies 2 km to the east ; the Corbett Beinn nan Imirean is 2 km to the south west . The three hills can be climbed together in the same walk .
Meall Glas is overshadowed by the more impressive mountains around Crianlarich . Its name , which translates from the Gaelic as “ Greenish-grey hill ” suggests its topographic character . It was probably named by the inhabitants of Glen Lochay to which it shows its more impressive northern outline , with the summit ridge seen as a curving hollow . The hill is not well seen from Glen Dochart to the south , from where it is usually climbed , being observed as merely the top of rising moorland .
Geography
Meall Glas comprises mainly rolling grassy slopes , with two main ridges . The north west ridge drops from the summit to Glen Lochay and can be used as an ascent route . The other ridge curves east round the lip of Coire Cheathaich , passing over an unnamed top at 908m before swinging north east to the Munro Top of Beinn Cheathaich ( 937 metres ) , 1.5 km from the main peak . In Sir Hugh Munro 's original tables of 1891 , Beinn Cheathaich was listed as the Munro with Meall Glas as the “ Top ” , an error rectified in the 1921 revision . From Beinn Cheathaich the ridge swings north and drops to Glen Lochay . Broad slopes to the east descend to the Lairig a ' Churain ( 609 metres ) which connects to the adjacent Munro of Sgiath Chuil .
The mountain is made up of schist rocks of the Dalradian group , with outcrops of pink granite on the mountain 's upper slopes . The south side of the mountain has a broad shelf at a height of around 450 metres , the result of lateral erosion by glaciers in the Ice Age . Rainfall on Meall Glas drains to the east coast of Scotland via the glens of Dochart ( south ) or Lochay ( north ) and then by Loch Tay and the River Tay .
Ascents and view
Meall Glas can be climbed from either Glen Dochart or Glen Lochay . The southern approach from Glen Dochart is the most popular because of ease of access by car . The route starts at Auchessan ( grid reference ) on the A85 road and goes north across moorland to reach the summit ridge just to the east of the highest point . The northern approach starts at the road end in Glen Lochay at Kenknock ( grid reference ) . The route proceeds for 1.5 km west up the glen , crosses the River Lochay by a ford ( the bridge no longer exists ) and follows a track by the Lubchurran Burn which goes south and west and before reaching the summit via the Top of Beinn Cheathaich .
The summit of Meall Glas is marked by a small cairn perched on a rocky outcrop . The mountain has a considerable prominence of 554 metres and is a good viewpoint , with the Mamlorn peaks around the head of Glen Lochay and the Crianlarich hills to the south west looking especially fine .
References
The Munros , Donald Bennett ( Editor )
The Southern Highlands , Donald Bennett ( Editor )
The Munros , Scotland 's Highest Mountains , Cameron McNeish ,
The Magic Of The Munros , Irvine Butterfield ,
Hamish 's Mountain Walk , Hamish Brown ,
In The Hills Of Breadalbane , V.A . Firsoff ,
Footnotes
Munros
Marilyns of Scotland
Mountains and hills of the Southern Highlands
Mountains and hills of Stirling ( council area )
Ukraine competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 5 to 21 August 2016 . This was the nation 's sixth consecutive appearance at the Summer Olympics in the post-Soviet era .
Ukraine 's medal tally was its lowest since independence , with only two gold and eleven total medals , a far cry from 9 gold and 23 total medals at the 1996 Summer Olympics and less than five gold and 19 medals overall at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Medalists
| width= '' 78 % '' align= '' left '' valign= '' top '' |
| width= '' 22 % '' align= '' left '' valign= '' top '' |
| width= '' 22 % '' align= '' left '' valign= '' top '' |
Competitors
| width=78 % align=left valign=top |
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games . Note that reserves in fencing ( 3 competitors for Ukraine ) are counted as athletes in the table :
Archery
One Ukrainian archer qualified each for the men 's individual recurve by obtaining one of the eight Olympic places available from the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen , Denmark . Three Ukrainian archers qualified for the women 's events by virtue of the nation 's podium finish in the team recurve competition at the 2016 Archery World Cup meet in Antalya , Turkey .
Athletics
Ukrainian athletes achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events ( up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event ) :
Track & road events
Men
Women
Field events
Men
Women
Combined events – Men 's decathlon
Combined events – Women 's heptathlon
Badminton
Ukraine qualified two badminton players for each of the following events into the Olympic tournament . Artem Pochtarev and Marija Ulitina were selected among the top 34 individual shuttlers each in the men 's and women 's singles based on the BWF World Rankings as of 5 May 2016 .
Boxing
Ukraine entered five boxers to compete in each of the following weight classes into the Olympic boxing tournament . With the top seed Nicola Adams of Great Britain advancing to the semifinals at the World Championships , Tetyana Kob earned an Olympic spot as a result of their third-place finish at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament in Samsun , Turkey .
On June 16 , 2016 , Dmytro Mytrofanov received a spare Olympic berth as the next highest-ranked boxer , not yet qualified , in the middleweight division of the AIBA Pro Boxing Rankings , after Turkey 's Adem Kılıççı was suspended for failing the re-tested doping sample on steroids from London 2012 .
Bantamweight boxer Mykola Butsenko secured an additional Olympic spot with their quarterfinal triumph at the 2016 AIBA World Qualifying Tournament in Baku , Azerbaijan , while Volodymyr Matviichuk and Denys Solonenko rounded out the Ukrainian roster at the 2016 APB and WSB Olympic Qualifier in Vargas , Venezuela .
Canoeing
Slalom
Ukraine qualified one canoeist in the women 's K-1 class by obtaining a top finish at the 2016 European Canoe Slalom Championships in Liptovský Mikuláš , Slovakia .
Sprint
Ukrainian canoeists qualified a total of three boats in each of the following distances for the Games through the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships .
Eight sprint canoeists ( four per gender ) were selected to the Ukrainian roster for the Games , with Iurii Cheban looking to defend their Olympic title in the men 's C-1 200 metres .
Men
Women
Qualification Legend : FA = Qualify to final ( medal ) ; FB = Qualify to final B ( non-medal )
Cycling
Road
Ukrainian riders qualified for the following quota places in the men 's and women 's Olympic road race by virtue of their top 15 final national ranking in the 2015 UCI Europe Tour ( for men ) and top 22 in the 2016 UCI World Ranking ( for women ) .
Track
Following the completion of the 2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships , Ukraine entered one rider to compete only in the Olympics , by virtue of their final individual UCI Olympic ranking in that event .
Keirin
Mountain biking
Ukrainian mountain bikers qualified for two women 's quota places into the Olympic cross-country race , as a result of the nation 's eighth-place finish in the UCI Olympic Ranking List of May 25 , 2016 .
Diving
Ukrainian divers qualified for the following individual spots and synchronized teams at the Olympics through the 2015 FINA World Championships and the 2016 FINA World Cup series .
Men
Women
Equestrian
Ukraine fielded a squad of four jumping riders into the Olympic equestrian competition by virtue of a top national finish from Central & Eastern Europe at the FEI qualification event in Šamorín , Slovakia . One dressage rider was added to the squad by virtue of a top six finish outside the group selection in the individual FEI Olympic Rankings .
Dressage
Jumping
`` TO '' indicates that the rider only qualified for the team competition . `` # '' indicates that the score of this rider does not count in the team competition , since only the best three results of a team are counted .
Fencing
Ukrainian fencers qualified a full squad each in the men 's team épée and women 's team sabre by virtue of their top 4 national finish in the FIE Olympic Team Rankings , while the women 's épée team claimed the spot as the highest ranking team from Europe outside the world 's top four . Meanwhile , sabre fencer Andriy Yahodka claimed their Olympic spot by finishing among the top four individuals at the European Zonal Qualifier in Prague , Czech Republic .
The full Ukrainian fencing team , led by London 2012 épée champion Yana Shemyakina and sabre bronze medalist Olha Kharlan , was named on July 5 , 2016 . Olha Leleiko received a spare berth freed up by Israel to compete in the women 's foil as the next highest-ranked fencer , not yet qualified , at the European Zonal Qualifier in Prague , before they were added to the nation 's fencing team on July 25 , 2016 .
Men
Women
Gymnastics
Artistic
Ukraine fielded a full team of six artistic gymnasts ( five men and one woman ) into the Olympic competition . The men 's squad claimed one of the remaining four spots in the team all-around , while Angelina Kysla accepted the Olympic berth as a lone Ukrainian female gymnast in the apparatus and individual all-around events at the Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro .
Men
Team
Individual finals
Women
Rhythmic
Ukraine qualified a squad of rhythmic gymnasts for the individual and group all-around by finishing in the top 15 ( for individual ) and top 10 ( for group ) at the 2015 World Championships in Stuttgart , Germany .
Trampoline
Ukraine qualified one gymnast in the women 's trampoline by virtue of a top six finish at the 2016 Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro .
Judo
Ukraine qualified a total of seven judokas for each of the following weight classes at the Games . Six of them ( three per gender ) , highlighted by London 2012 Olympians Georgii Zantaraia and Artem Bloshenko , were ranked among the top 14 eligible judokas for women in the IJF World Ranking List of May 30 , 2016 , while Quedjau Nhabali at men 's middleweight ( 70 kg ) earned a continental quota spot from the European region , as the highest-ranked Ukrainian judoka outside of direct qualifying position . The judo team was named to the Olympic roster on June 1 , 2016 .
Men
Women
Modern pentathlon
Ukrainian athletes qualified for the following spots to compete in modern pentathlon . Andriy Fedechko and 2012 Olympian Pavlo Tymoshchenko secured a selection in the men 's event by filling in two out of the three Olympic quota places at the 2015 World Championships , while Anastasiya Spas added a spot in the women 's event to the roster through the European Championships .
Rowing
Ukraine qualified two boats for each of the following rowing classes into the Olympic regatta . One rowing crew confirmed an Olympic place for their boat in the men 's quadruple sculls at the 2015 FISA World Championships in Lac d'Aiguebelette , France , while the rowers competing in the women 's quadruple sculls were added to the Ukrainian roster with their top two finish at the 2016 European & Final Qualification Regatta in Lucerne , Switzerland .
Eight rowers ( four per gender ) were selected to the Ukrainian roster for the Games , with Anastasiya Kozhenkova looking to defend the Olympic title with the women 's quadruple sculls crew ( Buryak , Nimchenko , & Verkhogliad ) .
Qualification Legend : FA=Final A ( medal ) ; FB=Final B ( non-medal ) ; FC=Final C ( non-medal ) ; FD=Final D ( non-medal ) ; FE=Final E ( non-medal ) ; FF=Final F ( non-medal ) ; SA/B=Semifinals A/B ; SC/D=Semifinals C/D ; SE/F=Semifinals E/F ; QF=Quarterfinals ; R=Repechage
Sailing
Ukrainian sailors qualified one boat in each of the following classes through the individual fleet World Championships , and European qualifying regattas .
M = Medal race ; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Shooting
Ukrainian shooters achieved quota places for the following events by virtue of their best finishes at the 2014 and 2015 ISSF World Championships , the 2015 ISSF World Cup series , and European Championships or Games , as long as they obtained a minimum qualifying score ( MQS ) by March 31 , 2016 .
Men
Women
Qualification Legend : Q = Qualify for the next round ; q = Qualify for the bronze medal ( shotgun )
Swimming
Ukrainian swimmers achieved qualifying standards in the following events ( up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time ( OQT ) , and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time ( OST ) ) :
Men
Women
Synchronized swimming
For the first time in Olympic history , Ukraine fielded a squad of nine synchronized swimmers to compete in both the women 's team and duet routine by virtue of their first-place finish at the FINA Olympic test event in Rio de Janeiro .
Table tennis
Ukraine entered three athletes into the table tennis competition at the Games . 2008 Olympian and 2015 European Games bronze medalist Kou Lei secured one of the remaining Olympic spots in the men 's singles by winning the repechage play-off match at the European Qualification Tournament in Halmstad , Sweden .
Two-time Olympian Tetyana Bilenko was automatically selected among the top 22 eligible players to confirm their third Olympic appearance in the women 's singles . Margaryta Pesotska was originally granted an invitation from ITTF to compete in the same event as one of the next seven highest-ranked eligible players , not yet qualified , on the Olympic Ranking List , but later withdrew from the Games due to injury .
Tennis
Ukraine entered seven tennis players ( three men and four women ) into the Olympic tournament . Rookies Illya Marchenko ( world no . 73 ) , Elina Svitolina ( world no . 19 ) , and Lesia Tsurenko ( world no . 44 ) qualified directly among the top 56 eligible players in their respective singles events based on the ATP and WTA World Rankings as of June 6 , 2016 .
Having been directly entered to the singles , Marchenko and Svitolina also opted to play with their partners Denys Molchanov and Olga Savchuk , respectively , in the doubles tournament , while sisters Lyudmyla and Nadiia Kichenok claimed one of eight ITF Olympic women 's doubles places , as Ukraine 's top-ranked tennis pair outside of direct qualifying position .
Lesia Tsurenko withdrew from the Games before the opening match due to health reasons .
Men
Women
Triathlon
Ukraine entered two triathletes to compete at the Games . Two-time Olympian Yuliya Yelistratova was ranked among the top 40 eligible triathletes in the women 's event , while Ivan Ivanov received a spare berth freed up by one of the Germans to compete in the men 's event as the next highest-ranked eligible triathlete , not yet qualified , in the ITU Olympic Qualification List as of May 15 , 2016 .
Weightlifting
Ukrainian weightlifters qualified four men 's and four women 's quota places for the Rio Olympics based on their combined team standing by points at the 2014 and 2015 IWF World Championships . The team had to allocate these places to individual athletes by June 20 , 2016 .
On 2 August 2016 , Roman Zaitsev withdrew from the Games due to injury . Instead , Ihor Shymechko took over the vacant spot to compete in the men 's super heavyweight division ( +105 kg ) .
Men
Women
Wrestling
Ukraine qualified a total of nine wrestlers for each of the following weight classes into the Olympic competition . Five of them finished among the top six to book Olympic spots in the men 's freestyle ( 97 kg ) , men 's Greco-Roman ( 85 , 98 , & 130 kg ) , and women 's freestyle ( 63 kg ) at the 2015 World Championships , while two more Olympic berths were awarded to Ukrainian wrestlers , who progressed to the top two finals at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament .
Three further wrestlers claimed the remaining Olympic slots to round out the Ukrainian roster at the final meet of the World Qualification Tournament in Istanbul .
On May 11 , 2016 , United World Wrestling ( UWW ) decided to revoke two Olympic licenses from Ukraine in men 's freestyle 66 kg and women 's freestyle 58 kg , respectively , due to doping violations at the European Qualification Tournament , but these licenses were redistributed back two months later .
Men 's freestyle
Men 's Greco-Roman
Women 's freestyle
See also
Ukraine at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
References
External links
Olympics
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
Vivian Inés Urdaneta Rincón ( born June 8 , 1979 , in Maracaibo ) is a Venezuelan journalist and beauty queen who captured the crown of Miss International 2000 .
Miss Venezuela International
Urdaneta , who stands , competed as Miss Costa Oriental in their country 's national pageant , Miss Venezuela , and obtained the title of Miss Venezuela International .
Miss International
As the official representative of their country to the 2000 Miss International pageant held in Tokyo , Japan on October 14 , 2000 , they competed against 57 other delegates for the crown and won the title of Miss International 2000 .
References
External links
Official Miss International website - Past titleholders
Miss Venezuela International winners
Miss International winners
Living people
People from Maracaibo
1979 births
Miss International 2000 delegates
Venezuelan beauty pageant winners
Clifford McLaglen ( 15 June 1892 – 9 September 1978 ) was a Stepney , London or Cape Town , Cape Colony - born film actor . They were one of nine or ten children and brother of several actors including Victor McLaglen , Oscar winner for best actor , The Informer ( director John Ford ) , and nominated for best supporting actor The Quiet Man .
The other brothers were Leopold McLaglen , wrestler and inventor of a form of Jujutsu which they taught to the armed forces and police in the old Empire and America ; Lewis McLaglen , actor and soldier ; Cyril McLaglen , actor and horseman ; Arthur McLaglen , actor , unarmed combat professional and sculptor ; Kenneth McLaglen , actor and mineralogist ; sister Lily Marian McLaglen ( Mrs. Lance Tweedy ) , actor singer and pianist .
Clifford McLaglen was born Clifford Henrich McLaglen from Scottish , Irish , and Dutch ancestry . He , like all their brothers except the youngest two , Cyril and Kenneth , served in the First World War . They also served in the Second World War going out to Iceland to help guard Sir Winston Churchill , for which they obtained a bulldog and polar bear badge . They also are part of a film unit at that time in the army . Their father was born in Cape Town , South Africa where they were a missionary for the Free Protestant Episcopal Church and came to London to study as Clerk in Orders , eventually becoming Titular Bishop of Claremont in Cape Town but foregoing this to help with the work they dedicated to the helping of poverty stricken children in London and beggars . Lily often helped with this . Clifford worked in a tin mine in Cornwall before joining up in 1914 . Later they worked for Sangers Circus riding horses and doing rope tricks and worked in vaudeville with their various brothers .
They starred in many silent films in Britain , in Boadicea ( where they rode Roman style learnt in the army and circus ) in 1927 ; France and Germany , making in 1929 the reputedly first German Talkie with Conrad Veidt , Bride 68 or Das Land Ohne Frauen , set in Australia with camels and the desert but all filmed in a Berlin studio with a tank of water spilling from overhead and an aeroplane propeller . In 1929 Clifford also filmed in Majorca , in Die Schmugglerbraut von Sorrento ( various versions changed Majorca to Sorrento ) , bringing over horses with him , which they said were seasick . The film was made in Majorca but was meant to be Sorrento . Cavalcanti made two prize winning films in France with Clifford McLaglen : Rien Que Les Heures ( 1926 ) and Yvette ( 1928 ) . They made a few talkies and was on the stage in America , on Broadway with Frederick Marche 's wife Florence Eldridge . They were going to make a film called Ropes of Sand but nothing came of it .
McLaglen died in Huddersfield , Yorkshire in 1978 .
Selected filmography
In the Blood ( 1923 )
Forbidden Cargoes ( 1925 ) ,
The Chinese Bungalow ( 1926 )
The White Sheik ( 1928 )
Boadicea ( 1928 )
Yvette ( 1928 )
Struggle for the Matterhorn ( 1928 )
Villa Falconieri ( 1928 )
The Smuggler 's Bride of Mallorca ( 1929 )
The Alley Cat ( 1929 )
Land Without Women ( 1929 )
The Three Kings ( 1929 )
The Lost Patrol ( 1929 )
Don Manuel , the Bandit ( 1929 )
Call of the Sea ( 1930 )
The Bermondsey Kid ( 1933 )
Late Extra ( 1935 )
A Little Bit of Bluff ( 1935 )
The Mystery of the Mary Celeste ( 1935 )
Off the Dole ( 1935 )
The Marriage of Corbal ( 1936 )
References
External links
1892 births
1978 deaths
British male film actors
English male film actors
English male silent film actors
20th-century English male actors
Male actors from Cape Town
20th-century British male actors
Barry E. Blitzer ( April 21 , 1929 – January 27 , 2010 ) was an American television writer .
Life and career
Blitzer was well known as a writer for the Hanna-Barbera cartoons including The Flintstones , Top Cat , and The Jetsons .
Listed as the last surviving member of a group of writers that won a 1956 Best Comedy Writing Emmy , the award was given for their work on the show The Phil Silvers Show and the episode was `` You 'll Never Get Rich '' .
They worked on 1970s children 's TV show Land of the Lost and the 1960s comedy series Get Smart along with writing stints on The Love Boat , Too Close for Comfort , McHale 's Navy and Good Times .
Honors
Blitzer was part of a group of writers that won a 1956 Primetime Emmy Award for Best Comedy writing . They also are nominated for a Writers Guild award for their work on Get Smart .
Death
Blitzer died on January 27 , 2010 , at the age of 80 from complications after abdominal surgery .
References
External links
1929 births
2010 deaths
American television writers
American male television writers
Emmy Award winners
Writers from New York City
Screenwriters from New York ( state )
DormAid is a college services company founded by Michael E. Kopko and co-founded by Matthew Kopko , Robert Cecot , Shiva Kaul , Chris Acton-Maher , Elizabeth Knopf , and Jorge Aviles . DormAid initially only offered services on Harvard 's campus in 2004 . As of 2008 , it currently offers personal services to college students on 1800 campuses nationwide . Additionally , it provides direct on-campus service at around 25 universities . DormAid 's most popular service is a personal laundry pickup and delivery service , but it also offers professional room cleaning , bedding services , water delivery , a dorm bedding line , and online backup services .
DormAid has received considerable attention from the press , including features on Comedy Central 's The Daily Show with Jon Stewart , CNN , NBC , CNBC , Fox News , The New York Times , The Washington Post , The Wall Street Journal and The Rush Limbaugh Show . DormAid has also been covered by numerous local and college newspapers at the campuses it services . The DormAid brand has appeared in books and print across the country and media attention often focuses on its innovative business model and unique approach to college services .
In 2007 , DormAid received entrepreneurial recognition as a finalist in the Global Student Entrepreneurship Awards .
In 2009 , DormAid was sold to New York-based entrepreneurs Otto Magdanz and Carlo Passacantando . The company is being run under their parent company along with their other companies , Lion Laundry and Valet Laundry .
Services
Personal Laundry Service
Room Cleaning Service
Dorm Room Bedding
Water Delivery Service
Appliance Sales
Computer Back-up Service
Business model
At universities with on-campus service , DormAid trains and employs local students ( called presidents ) to serve as the DormAid representative there .
Presidents have many roles which include marketing , branding and development . Presidents are given substantial responsibility and autonomy in making business decisions for DormAid on their campus ; they essentially run their own businesses while still in school .
Notes
External links
DormAid Web Site
DormAid Press Room
NY Times Introductory Piece
Harvard Officially Recognizes DormAid Despite Controversy
Company Video
Service companies of the United States
Personal service companies
Business services companies established in 2005
Companies based in Bergen County , New Jersey
Magdalena Cielecka ( born 20 February 1972 in Myszków ) is a Polish film and theatre actor .
Life and career
Cielecka spent their childhood in the small town of Żarki-Letnisko . In 1995 , they graduated from Państwowa Wyższa Szkoła Teatralna in Kraków . Soon after , they joined the Teatr Stary Theatre Company in Kraków , where they stayed until 2001 , when they moved to Warsaw and joined the Teatr Rozmaitości Theatre Company .
Although they made their first cinema appearance quite early in a film by Barbara Sass called Pokuszenie ( 1995 ) , they initially are known mainly for their work in theatre . A few years later they became widely recognized as an actor and they gained popularity with their cinematic roles such as Samotność w sieci or the TV series Magda M .
Them notable roles include :
Witold Gombrowicz - Operetka
Edward Bond - Saved
The Dybbuk , 2004 ( directed by Krzysztof Warlikowski )
Krum , 2007 ( directed by Krzysztof Warlikowski )
Sarah Kane - 4.48 Psychosis ( directed by Grzegorz Jarzyna )
Manuela Gretkowska - Sandra K .
At the 2008 Edinburgh International Festival they played the leading role in a critically acclaimed adaptation of Kane 's 4.48 Psychosis by the Polish theatre company Teatr Rozmaitości .
Filmography
Pokuszenie ( 1995 )
L'Élève ( 1996 )
Sława i chwała ( 1998 ) TV mini-series
Amok ( 1998 )
Jak narkotyk ( 1999 )
Zakochani ( 2000 )
Egoiści ( 2000 )
Weiser ( 2001 )
Listy miłosne ( 2001 )
Faithful ( 2002 )
Powiedz to , Gabi ( 2003 )
Trzeci ( 2004 )
Po sezonie ( 2005 )
Boża podszewka . Cześć druga ( 2005 ) TV series
S @ motność w sieci ( 2006 )
Palimpsest ( 2006 )
Chaos ( 2006 )
Oficerowie ( 2006 ) TV mini-series
Kolekcja ( 2006 ) ( TV )
Magda M. ( TV series )
Droga wewnętrzna ( 2006 ) ( TV )
Katyń ( 2007 )
The Lure ( 2015 )
United States of Love ( 2016 )
Blind Love ( 2015 film ) ( 2016 )
Breaking the Limits ( 2017 )
Ciemno , prawie noc ( 2019 )
References
External links
Interview with Magdalena Cielecka , Scotland on Sunday , 3 August 2008
Magdalena Cielecka at culture.pl
1972 births
Polish actores
Living people
The Green Book is a document issued since 1971 by the Central Tibetan Administration ( commonly known as the Tibetan Government in Exile ) to Tibetans living outside Tibet , and described by the issuing organization as `` the most official document issued by the Tibetan Government in Exile . '' More than 90 percent of Tibetan exiles own one . It serves as a receipt book for the person 's `` voluntary taxes '' to the CTA , and has been described by a CTA official as `` the passport of the exiled Tibetans to claim their rights from the Tibetan Government in Exile '' . The CTA says that in the future , the document `` will become the basis for claiming Tibetan citizenship '' .
The document is valid for five years .
History
A system for collecting an annual `` voluntary contribution '' from the Tibetans in exile was introduced by the Central Tibetan Administration on 1 August 1972 . On 3 March 2005 an updated Green Book format was launched by the CTA 's Department of Finance ; the document holders data are stored in a computer database that had been created in a project that had started two years previously .
Blue Book
The Green Book is issued only to Tibetan exiles , but starting in 1996 the CTA has also issued a Blue Book to non-citizens to raise funds for `` the social and resource development fund '' . The official name is the Tibetan Solidarity Partnership project .
Eligibility
As of 2010 , the CTA web site states that `` Any Tibetan who has aged 6 or more is obligated to apply for Green Book and become a full-fledged member of the exile Tibetan community . The Green Book affirms that the individual is a legitimate exile Tibetan who is affiliated to the Tibetan Exile Government . ''
For this purpose , CTA defines a Tibetan as `` any person born in Tibet , or any person with one parent who was born in Tibet '' , and , as Tibetan refugees often lack documents attesting to their place of birth , the eligibility is usually established by an interview . Green Books have been issued since 1971 . They are owned by more than 90 per cent of Tibetan refugees .
Contributions
Before the issuance of the book , one is expected to pay an annual `` voluntary tax '' to the CTA . As of 2008 , the tax is 58 ( US $ 1.10 ) for adults residing in India , and US $ 44 for adult residents of the United States . The Green Book logs all the taxes the holder has paid . It is a major source of funding for the Central Tibetan Administration .
According to the CTA website , the rate is lower for students and the unemployed . But those in India , Nepal , and Bhutan who work for a salary are supposed to contribute 4 % of their base salary or 2 % of their gross salary ( whichever is higher ) , whereas for those who had income other than salary , the suggested annual contribution was 0.15 % of their net annual income .
Benefits eligibility
According to the CTA , the Data Unit of the Department of Finance manages the central database of Green Book holders .
The holder of a green book needs to be current on their contributions in order to exercise such rights with the CTA as voting or standing for election , applying for scholarships awarded by the CTA , or for employment with the CTA .
The Green Book is not an international travel document . Those Tibetans who live in India but do not have Indian citizenship can receive a travel document from the Indian authorities . It was reported in 1994 that the process of applying for such a document typically starts with presenting one 's Green Book ( along with various other documents ) to the CTA office in Dharamsala , which then forwards one 's application to the Indian authorities .
References
Identity documents
Politics of Tibet
Central Tibetan Administration
Oakley `` Tad '' Hall III ( May 26 , 1950 – February 13 , 2011 ) was an American playwright , director , and author . In 1978 , after a very promising beginning to their career , they suffered massive head injuries in a fall from a bridge , and spent decades in recovery and in the process of creating a new life .
Career
The eldest child of novelist Oakley Hall and photographer Barbara E. Hall , Oakley attended University of California Irvine and Boston University . By age 28 , they were a rising star in the New York theatre scene . In the mid-1970s , their play Mike Fink was optioned by Joseph Papp of the Public Theater . Oakley founded and was the artistic director of the Lexington Conservatory Theatre in upstate New York , where theirs plays Grinder 's Stand and Beatrice ( Cenci ) and the Old Man , and their stage adaptation of Frankenstein , enjoyed their première productions .
In 1976–1977 Hall translated and adapted Alfred Jarry 's bizarrely comic and revolutionary 1896 French play Ubu Roi ( called Ubu Rex ) and its sequels , and directed them in New York City Off-Off-Broadway and at the Lexington Conservatory Theatre . The adaptations starred Richard Zobel , who also produced the play and created the masks for it .
In 1978 , Hall suffered massive head injuries in a fall from a bridge . They eventually returned to California to live in Nevada City near their family ; there their play Grinder 's Stand , which they had been writing at the time of their accident , was produced by The Foothill Theatre Company , directed by Philip Sneed . The story of this production , entwined with Oakley 's fall and the slow process of creating a new life , are movingly told in Bill Rose 's award-winning documentary , The Loss of Nameless Things .
Oakley made a lifelong study of the pre-surrealist playwright Alfred Jarry , and over the years translated several of Jarry 's plays from the original French . In 2008 , Hall moved to Albany , New York to live with Hadiya Wilborn , who fostered a collaboration with acclaimed puppeteer Ed Atkeson . This resulted in a production of Jarry 's Ubu Rex , performed by the Firlefanz Puppets at Steamer No . 10 Theatre in Albany , New York , directed by Oakley , with actor Steven Patterson in the title role . In the fall of 2010 , Moving Finger Press published Oakley 's novel , Jarry and Me , in which Oakley intertwines a memoir of their own life with a sly `` autobiography '' of Jarry . One of the last sentences of the book is , `` Jarry dies with a grin on theirs face . ''
On February 13 , 2011 , Hall died of a heart attack at their Albany home . They are survived by their two children , Oakley and Elizabeth .
Some of Hall 's writings are available online at www.absintheurpress.com , in a collection which is continually being supplemented .
The Highlander Theater Company of Chase Collegiate School in Waterbury , Connecticut performed Oakley Hall III 's Frankenstein in March 2012 , directed by Robert Cutrofello , currently an English teacher and playwright in Hamden Hall Country Day School . This was the first production of this play in three decades .
Cultural references
Hall has been mentioned in music , including The Tigersharks ' `` The Ballad of Oakley Hall III ''
References
Bibliography
External links
The Loss of Nameless Things ( 2004 ) – documentary on Hall , their life , accident , and recovery
Writers from New York ( state )
1950 births
2011 deaths
University of California , Irvine alumni
Boston University alumni
French–English translators
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American translators
American male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American male writers
LMDS , an abbreviation for `` Les messagers du son '' was a Canadian French language hip hop duo formed in Montreal in 1993 . The band was made up of Lyrik ( real name Cyril Kamar ) and Mélo / Mélopsy ( real name Adil Takhssait ) .
The group broke up in 2001 . Both artists continue their musical careers , Cyril Kamar/Lyrik as K.Maro and Adil Takhssait/Mélo/Mélopsy as Vaï
Band members
LMDS was formed in 1993 of two immigrant school friends :
Cyril Kamar ( Lebanese-Canadian origin ) , known as Lyrik in the band . They later on became successful as a solo artist , taking the name K'Maro , a hip hop and R & B singer-songwriter and producer . They also established and owns K.Pone Inc Music Group entertainment company and `` K.Pone Inc '' record label as well as `` Balbec '' line of clothing .
Adil Takhssait ( Moroccan-French-Canadian origin ) , known as Mélo ( sometimes Mélopsy ) in the band . They were born on 24 April 1979 in Paris , France . They relocated with their parents to Morocco and later on immigrated to Canada and settled in Montreal , Quebec . After the break-up of the band , Adil Takhssait has launched their solo career and is known by their artistic name Vaï , signed to their earlier bandmate Cyril Kamar 's owned label K.Pone Inc .
Although a duo act , LMDS often included Philippe Greiss , composer and arranger for the group , singers Annie and Marco , DJ Benoît and the dancers Pascale , Nathalie and dance director Angelo .
Discography
Albums
LMDS , Les Messagers du Son has had two successful albums .
1997 Les Messagers du Son
1999 Il Faudrait Leur Dire
The debut album of LMDS , the self-titled `` Les Messagers du Son '' achieved top positions in the Quebec charts and the duo were a revelation in Les FrancoFolies de Montréal music festival in 1999 .
They followed that by `` Il faudrait leur dire '' and a compilation released in France , where both had resided for some time .
After the break-up of the group in 2001 , Cyril Kamar ( named Lyrik in the band ) went solo under the name K.Maro and achieves considerable success internationally with 5 albums to date . Mélo ( Adil Takhssait ) has also a solo musical career under the name Vaï .
Singles
`` Une belle histoire '' with Jodie Resther
`` Joins toi à la dance ''
`` Tu me dirais ''
`` Le bien de demain ''
`` La Squadra ''
References
Musical groups established in 1993
Musical groups disestablished in 2001
Musical groups from Montreal
Canadian hip hop groups
1993 establishments in Quebec
2001 disestablishments in Quebec
Fijian mythology refers to the set of beliefs practiced by the indigenous people of the island of Fiji . Its gods include Degei , a serpent who is the supreme god of Fiji . They are the creator of the ( Fijian ) world . They judge newly dead souls after they pass through one of two caves : Cibaciba or Drakulu . A few they send to paradise Burotu . Most others are thrown into a lake , where they will eventually sink to the bottom ( Murimuria ) to be appropriately rewarded or punished .
References
Jan Firlej ( born 26 September 1996 ) is a Polish volleyball player . At the professional club level , they play for Projekt Warsaw .
They were called up to the Polish national team for the 2022 Nations League .
References
External links
Player profile at PlusLiga.pl
Player profile at Volleybox.net
1996 births
Living people
People from Radom
Polish men 's volleyball players
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate volleyball players in Belgium
Czarni Radom players
Projekt Warsaw players
GKS Katowice ( volleyball ) players
AZS Olsztyn players
Setters ( volleyball )
Steamboats operated on Grays Harbor , a large coastal bay in the State of Washington , and on the Chehalis and Hoquiam rivers which flow into Grays Harbor near Aberdeen , a town on the eastern shore of the bay .
Establishment of operations
The first riverine steamboat to operate in the Grays Harbor area was the Enterprise , originally built in 1855 above Willamette Falls , at Canemah ( now a part of Oregon City ) . Enterprise served on the Willamette River until 1858 , when they were sent to the Fraser River in British Columbia where gold had been discovered . The Fraser Canyon Gold Rush was short-lived but lucrative for steamboat operators ( Enterprise once made $ 25,000 in a single day ) , and when it ended , Enterprise was brought to Grays Harbor , where they were wrecked in 1862 on the Chehalis River .
In 1887 , Henry H. McDonald , originally from Nova Scotia , arrived in the area and entered the steamboat business . Steamboats owned by Captain McDonald included the tug Pilot and the sternwheeler Clan McDonald . Another sternwheeler operating in these waters was the T.C . Reed .
In about 1891 , Dove served briefly on Grays harbor under George Emerson before being sold to Puget Sound interests .
Photo gallery
See also
Steamboats of Willapa Bay
References
External links
Photographs
Clan McDonald on Hoquiam River
T.C . Reed at Aberdeen on Hoquiam River
unidentified steamer and barge near Aberdeen
small propeller steamer Chehalis
steamer Cruiser at the landing at the foot of F Street , in Aberdeen Washington , 1888
General Miles , circa 1900
Wishkah Chief , 1890
Steamboats of Washington ( state )
Vanja Stanković ( ; born 24 March 1998 ) is a Serbian taekwondo practitioner . A member of the Galeb club in Belgrade , they won gold medals in the European Under-21 Championships in Bulgaria and the Belgian Open before competing at the 2017 World Taekwondo Championships . They subsequently won gold at the Championship in the flyweight category . In 2019 , they once again achieved gold at the G2 in Las Vegas .
They competed in the women 's 49 kg event at the 2022 Mediterranean Games held in Oran , Algeria . They won their first match and they were then eliminated by eventual gold medalist Merve Dinçel of Turkey .
References
Serbian female taekwondo practitioners
1998 births
Living people
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Serbia
Mediterranean Games medalists in taekwondo
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
World Taekwondo Championships medalists
20th-century Serbian women
21st-century Serbian women
Air Commodore Alastair Cavendish Lindsay Mackie , ( 3 August 1922 – 19 May 2018 ) was a senior officer in the Royal Air Force and later a campaigner for nuclear disarmament .
References
Further reading
Mackie , Alastair . ( 2012 ) Flying Scot : An Airman 's Story . Pen & Sword .
1922 births
2018 deaths
Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament activists
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
English autobiographers
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
People educated at Charterhouse School
People from Burley in Wharfedale
Recipients of the Commendation for Valuable Service in the Air
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross ( United Kingdom )
Royal Air Force officers
Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
Duke George may refer to :
Grand Duke George of Russia ( disambiguation ) , multiple people
George , Duke of Saxony , 1471–1539
Duke George Augustus of Mecklenburg , 1748–1785
Duke George of Oldenburg , 1471–1539
Georg Alexander , Duke of Mecklenburg , 1899–1963
Georg II , Duke of Saxe-Meiningen 1826–1914
SUGEN ( Sugen ) was a drug discovery company focused on development of protein kinase inhibitors . It was founded in 1991 , and shut down in 2003 , after pioneering protein kinases as therapeutic targets and developing the successful cancer therapy sunitinib ( Sutent ) .
Early history and focus
Sugen was founded in 1991 in Redwood City , California , by veteran biotech investor Stephen Evans-Freke and kinase researchers Joseph Schlessinger and Axel Ullrich . The name was derived from the initials of Schlessinger and Ullrich , and the `` GEN '' for Genetics . Sugen developed small-molecule inhibitors of protein kinases , key enzymes in signal transduction and cellular decision-making . The main focus was on oncology , though the company had collaborations in other therapeutic areas . The concept of inhibiting kinases by small molecules that mimicked the ATP structure was generally thought to be infeasible when the company was founded ( due to the high ( mM ) concentration of ATP in cells ) , and Sugen has been credited with pioneering this area , leading to protein kinases being the second most active area of drug development , largely based on ATP-competitive inhibitors . Sugen also had research programs on protein phosphatases , none of which led to therapeutics .
Research and drug development
Sugen went public in October 1994 ( NASDAQ : SUGN ) . In 1997 , it filed its first Investigational New Drug ( IND ) application , for a PDGFR inhibitor , SU101 . This failed clinically , but was followed by a different series of compounds that inhibited VEGFR kinases ( involved in angiogenesis ) as well as PDGFR and Kit . Of these , SU5416 ( Semaxanib ) and SU6668 went into clinical trials for colon cancer in 1999 . SU5416 proceeded to Phase 3 trials , while the follow-on compound , SU11248 ( Sunitinib ) was later approved for human use , and a related compound SU11654 ( Toceranib ) was approved for canine tumors .
Sugen was funded through a number of collaborative research programs with companies including ASTA Medica ( pan-Her and Raf programs ) , Allergan ( ophthalmic angiogenesis inhibition ) , Zeneca ( EGFR and cancer ) , and Amgen all of which took equity stakes in the company , and Taiho ( cancer ) . Conversely , Sugen was an investor in and collaborator with Selectide for the development of peptide kinase inhibitors .
Mergers
Sugen was acquired by Pharmacia & Upjohn in 1999 in a stock swap valued at $ 650 million . In December 1999 , Pharmacia & Upjohn merged with Monsanto . The company was renamed Pharmacia in 2002 . Pharmacia was then acquired by Pfizer in April 2003 .
Shutdown and legacy
The Pfizer-Pharmacia merger lead to major cuts in research activities , including the shut down of Sugen over the course of 2003 , with the loss of approximately 350 employees . Pfizer continued the phase 3 trials and development of SU11248 , now known as Sutent ( sunitinib ) , leading to Food and Drug Administration approval in January 2006 for treatment of RCC and GIST tumors . Other programs also transferred to Pfizer , including a follow-on compound to SU11248 , known as SU14813 , and programs on Met and PAK kinases . Work started at Sugen also contributed to the development of the ALK inhibitor crizotinib ( Xalkori ) , FDA-approved for NSCLC in 2011 . Sugen also generated extensive basic research on kinase biology , including the publication of almost 300 research papers , the definition of the human kinome , and the discovery of over 140 human kinase genes . Sugen alumni have gone on to major positions in other pharmaceutical and kinase-focused companies . In 2010 , Sutent surpassed $ 1bn in annual revenues for Pfizer .
References
Pharmaceutical companies of the United States
Health care companies based in California
Spinestis is a genus of spiders in the family Oonopidae , which resembles Tapinesthis and Megaoonops . The genus has a single species , Spinestis nikita . These are found to be distributed in and around the southern shores of Crimean Peninsula , Ukraine .
References
External links
http : //eol.org/pages/10696248/overview
Oonopidae
Spiders of Europe
Biota of Crimea
Monotypic Araneomorphae genera
Endemic fauna of Crimea
Saylor is an unincorporated community in Polk County , in the U.S. state of Iowa .
History
Saylor took its name from Saylor Township . The post office in Saylor was called Marquisville . The Marquisville post office operated from 1892 until 1907 .
Saylor 's population was 25 in 1925 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Polk County , Iowa
1892 establishments in Iowa
Unincorporated communities in Iowa
1907 disestablishments in Iowa
Hansruedi Wiedmer ( born 8 September 1945 ) is a Swiss sprinter . They competed in the men 's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
1945 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Swiss male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Switzerland
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The black-and-yellow phainoptila or black-and-yellow silky-flycatcher ( Phainoptila melanoxantha ) is a species of bird in the family Ptiliogonatidae . It is monotypic within the genus Phainoptila . It is found in Costa Rica and Panama .
Description
The black-and-yellow phainoptila is a small , rotund bird with distinctive yellow flanks . Males have a black back , head and tail , yellow flanks and rump , olive breasts and grey bellies . Females have a black cap , olive breast , rump , wings and tail , yellow flanks , and grey throat , nape , and belly . The young are similar to adult females , but are duller and with no grey on nape and dusky streaking on breast .
Habitat and range
Black-and-yellow phainoptilas are found from Costa Rica to western Panama , in mountains from 1800 m ( 6000 ft. ) to timberline , although they may wander lower after breeding season . They are also found in highland forests and adjacent second growth and gardens .
Habits and voice
Black-and-yellow phainoptilas frequent middle levels and upper understory of highland forests . Eats mainly of berries of trees , epiphytes , and shrubs . Rather sluggish and sedentary , often spends long periods of time stuffing itself with berries from a single tree . Occasionally accompanies sooty-capped bush tanager flocks , but soon lags behind . Occasionally plucks insects from foliage or catches them in the air , though not often . Usually found alone or pairs , forms loose flocks after breeding season .
Call is a high , sharp , thin tsit or tseep , suggesting a much smaller bird . Appears to not sing .
Nesting
The nest is a compact , bulky , cup of green moss , thin stems and fern fronds . Found 5–13 ft. ( 1.5–4 m ) up in a dense shrup or sapling . Lays 2 spotted , greyish-white eggs . Nesting occurs from April to May .
References
black-and-yellow phainoptila
Birds of the Talamancan montane forests
black-and-yellow phainoptila
black-and-yellow phainoptila
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The following are the national records in Olympic weightlifting in Chile . Records are maintained in each weight class for the snatch lift , clean and jerk lift , and the total for both lifts by the Federacion Chilena Levantamiento de Pesas ( FECHIPE ) .
Current records
Men
Women
Historical records
Men ( 1998–2018 )
Women ( 1998–2018 )
References
External links
FECHIPE web site
Chilean records
Chilean historical records
Chile
records
Olympic weightlifting
weightlifting
The 1923 Wightman Cup , named after the founder Hazel Hotchkiss Wightman , was the first edition of the Wightman Cup , the annual women 's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain . It was held at the West Side Tennis Club in Forest Hills , Queens in New York City in New York in the United States .
The competition was scheduled to start on Friday , 10 August but was postponed until Saturday in observance of a day of mourning for U.S. President Warren G. Harding . As there was no play on Sunday the event was concluded on Monday , 13 August . The inaugural competition was played as the opening match of the newly constructed tennis stadium at the West Side Tennis Club . The United States team won the inaugural cup by winning all seven matches .
Result
See also
1923 Davis Cup
References
1923
1923 in tennis
1923 in women 's tennis
1923 in American tennis
1923 in British sport
1923 in English tennis
WFXR ( channel 27 ) is a television station licensed to Roanoke , Virginia , United States , serving as the Fox affiliate for the Roanoke–Lynchburg market . It is owned by Nexstar Media Group alongside Lynchburg-licensed CW affiliate WWCW ( channel 21 ) . Both stations share studios at the Valleypointe office park on Valleypoint Parkway in Hollins ( with a Roanoke mailing address ) , while WFXR 's transmitter is located on Poor Mountain in unincorporated southwestern Roanoke County .
Even though WFXR maintains a digital signal of its own , the signal 's full-powered broadcasting radius does not cover much of the eastern portion of the market . Therefore , the station is simulcast in high definition over WWCW 's second digital subchannel in order to reach the entire market . This signal can be seen on channel 21.2 from a transmitter on Thaxton Mountain in unincorporated Bedford County .
History
Early history of UHF channel 27 in Roanoke
The UHF channel 27 frequency in the Roanoke–Lynchburg market was originally occupied by WROV-TV , which operated for less than five months from February to July 1953 . It was the first UHF television station in the United States to cease operation . Southwestern Virginia is very mountainous and the difficulties faced by UHF stations at the time due to the lack of television sets manufactured with built-in UHF tuners ( which was not made a requirement until the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) passed the All-Channel Receiver Act in 1961 ) were magnified by the area 's rugged terrain . Its facilities were eventually sold to the Times-World Corporation to launch its new station , WDBJ-TV ( channel 7 ) , in October 1955 .
Later occupying the channel 27 frequency was WRFT-TV , which operated as the market 's secondary ABC affiliate from 1966 to 1975 . At the time , the area 's primary ABC affiliate , WLVA-TV ( channel 13 , now WSET-TV ) in Lynchburg , provided only marginal signal coverage in Roanoke .
WFXR station history
The current incarnation of channel 27 signed on the air on March 10 , 1986 , as WVFT ( for Virginia Family Television ) , a Christian-oriented independent station that was originally owned by Roanoke Christian Television . Initially , the station ran only religious programming ; soon after its sign-on , the station was sold to Family Group Broadcasting . Beginning that fall , the station began transitioning towards a general entertainment programming format ; by 1987 , WVFT had become a conventional independent station . The station originally operated from studio facilities located on Colonial Avenue Southwest ( along I-581/US 220 ) in Roanoke 's Franklin-Colonial section .
Merger with WJPR/WWCW
When WVFT became a conventional independent , it seemingly filled a void left when WJPR ( channel 21 , now WWCW ) joined Fox at its inception on October 6 , 1986 . However , the fledgling network would not air a full week 's worth of programming until September 1993 , so WVFT was still programmed as an independent . The Roanoke/Lynchburg market was not large enough at the time to support what were essentially two independent stations , and both channels 21 and 27 suffered from the tight competition between one another . However , by 1990 , WVFT 's financial problems were more pronounced ; the station suffered from declining viewership and was unable to pay for the rights to acquire stronger syndicated programming .
In 1991 , the Jefferson-Pilot Corporation , then-owner of WJPR , proposed to merge WVFT 's stronger programming inventory onto WJPR 's schedule and turn WVFT into a full-time satellite station of WJPR . Family Group readily accepted the offer , and WJPR and WVFT began their joint simulcast later that year , at which time the stations began collectively branding as `` Fox 21/27 '' . The two stations provided a strong combined signal with 60 % overlap , providing a clear picture for Fox programming throughout the market . Although channel 21 decently covers Roanoke , its analog signal left much to be desired in the New River Valley ( despite having an effective radiated power of 4.1 million watts ) , where it provided Grade B coverage at best in parts of the region . Some areas of the New River Valley , along with other rural portions of the market , were among the few regions of the country where cable television service was still not readily available .
On September 15 , 1993 , WVFT and WJPR were purchased by the Grant Broadcasting System , owned by UHF television pioneer Milton Grant . The simulcast between the two stations continued , although WVFT began serving as the main station . In October 1993 , WVFT had its call letters changed to WFXR-TV . It was also announced at that time that the simulcast between WFXR and WJPR would eventually end , with one station being converted into an independent station ; however , this plan never materialized during the remainder of the history of the two stations ' analog broadcasts .
In January 1995 , WFXR/WJPR acquired a secondary affiliation with the newly launched United Paramount Network ( UPN ) , running the network 's programs on weekends and in some late-night time periods on weeknights . In the spring of 1997 , the market 's UPN affiliation moved to Danville-based WDRG-TV ( channel 24 , now MyNetworkTV affiliate WZBJ ) , at which time WFXR/WJPR picked up a secondary affiliation with The WB . This paved the way for WFXR and WJPR to start the area 's cable-only WB affiliate on September 21 , 1998 , as a member of The WeB ( subsequently renamed The WB 100+ Station Group ) known by the fictional calls `` WBVA-TV '' and branded on-air as `` WB 5 '' , in reference to its cable position on Cox Communications channel 5 .
Plans were still underway by this time to separate WFXR and WJPR 's programming schedules , with the intent to move the `` WB 5 '' intellectual unit and WBVA-TV call letters to WJPR in October 2001 , leaving WFXR as a sole Fox affiliate . The two stations would have still shared some syndicated programming . However , the separation plan was aborted due to concerns about reception issues in areas totaling about 40 % of the market that were only received over-the-air reception of only one of the two stations . Many of these areas still did not have access to cable , and neither DirecTV nor Dish Network had much subscriber penetration in the market at the time .
When WJPR signed on its digital signal in April 2002 , that station only carried programming from `` WBVA '' on its sole main channel . Fox programming was added to the digital signal in January 2003 , with `` WBVA '' being relegated to a new secondary digital subchannel on virtual channel 21.3 ( the WB affiliate was also available locally on DirecTV and Dish Network ) . When WFXR began transmitting its own digital signal began in December of that same year , it carried Fox network and syndicated programming seen on the station 's analog signal as well as `` WBVA '' 's programming in the same arrangement as WJPR .
On January 24 , 2006 , the Warner Bros. Entertainment unit of Time Warner and CBS Corporation announced that the two companies would shut down The WB and UPN and combine the networks ' respective programming to create a new `` fifth '' network called The CW . On March 28 , 2006 , it was announced that WBVA would become the market 's CW affiliate . To reflect this , the fictional WBVA calls were changed to `` WCW5-TV '' in June 2006 . The CW began broadcasting on September 18 , 2006 ; the cable-only station concurrently changed its on-air branding to `` CW 5 '' .
On June 30 , 2006 , WJPR changed its call letters to WWCW , to reflect that station 's pending affiliation with The CW , which was carried on the second digital subchannels of both stations . This immediately led to speculation that channel 21 would split off from WFXR and become the area 's CW affiliate ; however , Fox programming continued to air on the analog and digital signals of both WFXR and WWCW until the analog signals ceased operations upon the digital television transition in June 2009 . At that point , the two stations were effectively ( though not entirely ) separated , with WWCW 's primary digital channel now airing CW programming in high definition , with Fox programming airing in HD on WWCW 's 21.2 subchannel . Conversely , WFXR carries Fox programming in HD on its primary signal , with CW programming airing in HD on WFXR 's subchannel on 27.2 . This is common practice for many duopolies in which the signal of one of the two stations is weaker in some portions of their home market . Even while transmitting in digital , WWCW 's signal is still marginal in some portions of the western part of the market .
Acquisition by the Nexstar Broadcasting Group
On November 6 , 2013 , the Irving , Texas–based Nexstar Broadcasting Group announced that it would purchase the Grant stations , including WFXR and WWCW , for $ 87.5 million . The sale was approved by the FCC on November 3 , 2014 , and was finalized one month later on December 1 .
In March 2015 , Joseph McNamara—who was appointed as vice president for the stations three months earlier in December 2014—announced that Nexstar planned to move WFXR/WWCW 's operations and staff into a new , larger studio facility at the Valleypointe office park in northeastern Roanoke County , near Roanoke–Blacksburg Regional Airport . WFXR and WWCW migrated their operations into the new facility—which cost $ 3 million to build—during the week of September 14 , 2015 .
On January 27 , 2016 , Nexstar announced it would acquire Media General for $ 4.6 billion . Since Media General already owns NBC affiliate WSLS-TV , and since the Roanoke-Lynchburg market is too small to allow duopolies in any case , in order to comply with FCC ownership rules as well as planned changes to rules regarding same-market television stations which would prohibit future joint sales agreements , the company was required to sell either WSLS or WFXR/WWCW to another company . Despite WSLS ' higher ratings , on May 27 , 2016 , Nexstar announced that it would keep WFXR and WWCW and sell WSLS to Graham Media Group for $ 120 million , along with WCWJ in Jacksonville , Florida . The sale was finalized January 17 , 2017 .
Programming
In addition to the Fox network schedule , syndicated programs broadcast on WFXR ( ) include TMZ on TV , Divorce Court , The Big Bang Theory , Maury , Modern Family , Family Feud , Mike and Molly and Judge Judy .
Since the fall of 2016 , Xploration Station has aired on WFXR at the times specified by the Fox network , with two of its three hours taking over the timeslot previously held by Weekend Marketplace .
Newscasts
, WFXR presently broadcasts 27 hours of locally produced newscasts each week ( with five hours each weekday and one hour each on Saturdays and Sundays ) .
In 1996 , WFXR/WJPR entered into a news share agreement with NBC affiliate WSLS-TV ( channel 10 ) , allowing the station to produce a 10:00 p.m. newscast for the stations . The agreement formally began when The Fox 10 O'Clock News premiered on October 28 , 1996 ; the newscast originally aired for a half-hour five nights a week . Weekend editions of the 10 p.m. newscast were added in January 2000 . The weeknight editions expanded to one hour in 2003 . The program originated from a secondary set at the WSLS studios on 3rd Street in Downtown Roanoke .
In August 2007 , WSLS began broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition , becoming the market 's first Big Three network affiliate to upgrade its newscasts to the format ; WFXR 's nightly prime-time show was included in the upgrade . On March 12 , 2012 , WFXR launched a two-hour weekday morning newscast from 7:00 to 9:00 a.m. ; the program was originally anchored by former WDBJ anchor Bob Grebe and Patrick McKee providing weather updates .
With the March 2015 announcement that WFXR and WWCW would migrate their operations into new studio facilities near Hollins , Nexstar also announced that WFXR would assume production responsibilities for its newscasts and establish an in-house news department for the station , resulting in the eventual termination of its news share agreement with WSLS after 19 years . On September 17 , 2015 , WFXR announced that the news department would launch on October 1 , with the expansion of its weekday morning news program—which was retitled Good Day Virginia—from two hours to four ( with the premiere of an additional two-hour broadcast from 5:00 to 7:00 a.m. , which replaced religious programming in that time period ) and the weekend editions of its 10:00 p.m. newscast—retitled WFXR News First at 10—to one hour , which both continue to be produced in high definition with the start of in-house news operations . Subsequently , in November , the station will debut a half-hour local sports highlight program on Friday nights , that will follow the 10:00 p.m. newscast .
The formation of the news department and concurrent move to the Valleypoint Parkway facility resulted in the hiring of 33 news and production employees to WFXR 's staff , in addition to certain on-air staff employed by WFXR/WWCW for the WSLS-produced newscasts that remained with the station after WFXR took over newscast production responsibilities ( including 10:00 p.m. co-anchor Becky Freemal and morning anchor Tara Wheeler ) .
Technical information
Subchannels
The station 's digital signal is multiplexed :
Analog-to-digital conversion
WFXR discontinued regular programming on its analog signal , over UHF channel 27 , on June 12 , 2009 , the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate . The station 's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 17 , using PSIP to display the station 's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 27 .
References
External links
Bounce TV affiliates
Ion Mystery affiliates
FXR
Television channels and stations established in 1986
1986 establishments in Virginia
Nexstar Media Group
Marvin Brandt Revocable Trust v. United States , 572 U.S. 93 ( 2014 ) , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that a railroad right-of-way granted under the General Railroad Right-of-Way Act of 1875 is an easement . Therefore , when a railroad abandons such a right-of-way , the easement disappears , and the landowner regains unburdened use of the land .
Background
Historical context
From the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 to the Gadsden Purchase in 1853 , the United States rapidly expanded westward . Responding to the California Gold Rush , Congress took steps to encourage the development , settlement , and full possession of the West . Doing so required reliable , efficient ways to transport people and property to and through them . Congress therefore passed numerous acts encouraging railroad development .
From 1850 to 1871 , these acts typically allocated rights-of-way to specific named railroads . These rights-of-way were initially construed as an `` absolute '' grant in `` both the fee and possession '' . Later they were construed to convey `` a limited fee , made on an implied condition of reverter '' to the United States if the railroad stopped using the land for railroad purposes .
Public opinion began to turn against these generous grants in the late 1860s . By the 1870s , legislators instead preferred to reserve public lands for settlers . An 1872 House resolution endorsed the change :
Resolved , that in the judgment of this House the policy of granting subsidies in public lands to railroads and other corporations ought to be discontinued , and that every consideration of public policy and equal justice to the whole people requires that the public lands should be held for the purpose of securing homesteads to actual settlers , and for educational purposes , as may be provided by law .
Starting in 1871 , Congress began granting specific railroads right of way through public lands , with no accompanying land subsidies . The passing of railroad-specific legislation ended with the General Railroad Right-of-Way Act of 1875 , generalizing the process to any qualified railroad . The 1875 Act 's provisions for issuing new rights of way remained in effect until repealed in 1976 .
Facts
In 1908 the Laramie Hahn 's Peak & Pacific Railway Company acquired a right-of-way under the 1875 Act . LHP & P finished construction of a railroad along this right-of-way in 1911 .
In 1976 Melvin and Lulu Brandt received a land patent from the United States for 83 acres in Fox Park , Wyoming within Medicine Bow National Forest . The patent conveyed fee simple title to the land , with several reservations . One reservation preserved LHP & P 's right of way , stating the land grant was :
SUBJECT TO those rights for railroad purposes as have been granted to the Laramie Hahn 's Peak & Pacific Railway Company , its successors or assigns by permit Cheyenne 04128 under the Act of March 3 , 1875 , 43 U.S.C . 934–939 .
The railroad ultimately passed to the Wyoming and Colorado Railroad , who formally abandoned it ( including the portion through Brandt 's property ) in 2004 . The Forest Service proposed constructing what would later become the Medicine Bow Rail Trail along the right-of-way in 2005 , and in 2006 the United States filed suit to quiet title to the right-of-way in its favor . The United States resolved its claims against all landowners but Brandt along the right of way .
Marvin Brandt ( Melvin Brandt 's son ) , represented by the Mountain States Legal Foundation , disputed the government 's claim and filed a counterclaim on behalf of the family trust that owned the land . Brandt asserted that the railroad 's right-of-way was an easement that had disappeared when the railroad abandoned it , leaving their land no longer burdened by the easement . The United States argued in response that the right-of-way instead reverted to the United States when abandoned by the railroad .
In lower courts
The District Court granted summary judgment to the United States . It acknowledged a circuit split among the Ninth Circuit , the Tenth Circuit , the Seventh Circuit , the Federal Circuit , and the Court of Federal Claims on the question of whether 1875 Act rights of way reverted to the United States on abandonment . The court , residing within the Tenth Circuit , then followed that circuit 's precedent , ruling against Brandt and quieting title in the United States .
On appeal the Tenth Circuit affirmed . The court of appeals also acknowledged the circuit split while adhering to circuit precedent .
Brandt petitioned the Supreme Court for a writ of certiorari . The United States in response argued that the lower courts were correct , but the Court should nonetheless hear the case to resolve the circuit split .
On October 1 , 2013 , the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case .
Supreme Court
Opinion
Writing for the majority , Chief Justice Roberts held that the railroad rights-of-way granted under the 1875 Act are common law easements , which upon termination leave the underlying land unburdened .
Roberts observed that the United States lost its case largely because it had successfully argued in Great Northern Railway Co. v. United States , , that 1875 Act rights of way were easements . In that case Great Northern had wished to drill for oil and gas upon its right of way . At the Supreme Court , the United States argued that the language , legislative history , and subsequent construction of the 1875 Act confirmed that only an easement ( which would not permit drilling ) had been granted . The Court agreed with the United States . Roberts declined to endorse the United States 's `` stark change in position '' .
Roberts also observed that Great Northern `` specifically disavowed '' the characterization of 1875 Act rights-of-way as reverting to the United States on abandonment in Rio Grande Western R. Co. v. Stringham , . ( This case and Northern Pac . Ry . Co. v. Townsend , , had been key precedents in the United States 's argument . ) The Court in Great Northern considered Stringham not `` controlling '' because the Stringham Court had seemingly made its decision without being informed of the policy shift from land subsidies to mere easements in 1871 .
Roberts went on to write that under well-settled property law , an easement disappears upon abandonment , and the landowner regains full use of their property . Therefore , when the United States patented land to Brandt subject to the railroad right-of-way , without explicitly reserving any interest in the right-of-way , it gave up any future interest in the railroad corridor . In this case , the railroad 's easement was extinguished upon abandonment , leaving Brandt 's land unburdened .
Dissent
Dissenting alone , Justice Sotomayor argued that the Court had misconstrued Northern Pac . Ry . Co. v. Townsend , , and Rio Grande Western R. Co. v. Stringham , . Where the majority argued Great Northern `` disavowed '' those cases , Sotomayor instead read Great Northern to hold that `` the right of way did not confer one particular attribute of fee title . ''
Sotomayor argued that the majority was wrong to analyze the rights of way under the common law . Instead they concluded that traditional common law terms acquire different meanings in the unique context of railroad rights of way .
Sotomayor also disagreed that the United States 's position contradicted its position in Great Northern , pointing to language in its brief in Great Northern that qualified its description of the rights of way as easements .
Sotomayor in closing criticized the decision for `` undermin [ ing ] the legality of thousands of miles of former rights of way that the public now enjoys as means of transportation and recreation '' , noting that ensuing lawsuits `` may well cost American taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars '' in rail trail-related takings claims .
Subsequent developments
At oral argument neither the United States nor Brandt could say how many abandoned rights of way would be affected by a decision in Brandt 's favor , due to the age of the rights of way and the distributed manner in which records had been kept . It is thus unclear how many new takings claims will be filed in response to the decision .
Assessments of the impact of the decision upon existing rail-trails vary . The Rails-to-Trails Conservancy has argued that relatively few existing rail-trails will be affected by the Court 's decision . Some states believe their trails will be unaffected . Others remain uncertain about the decision 's impact on existing trails .
The Court 's decision has also had impact beyond the rail-trail context , strongly influencing a proposed settlement in Texas litigation over railroads ' allowing telecommunication companies to lay fiber-optic cable within rights of way .
References
Further reading
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
2014 in United States case law
Medicine Bow National Forest
United States property case law
Albany County , Wyoming
Rail trails in the United States
Rail transportation in Wyoming
Lourawls `` Tum Tum '' Nairn Jr. ( born October 8 , 1994 ) is a Bahamian former basketball player and current assistant coach for the Southern Utah Thunderbirds . They previously are head coach at Sunrise Christian Academy . They played college basketball for the Michigan State Spartans , where they would later be a graduate manager for .
Early life
Nairn Jr. was brought up in Nassau , Bahamas .
College career
Nairn Jr. enrolled at Michigan State in 2014 . They appeared in 137 games for the team , including 65 starts , averaging 2.5 points in 19.5 minutes per game . As a first-year student , they were member of the 2015 Final Four team .
National team career
Nairn Jr. was a member of the Bahamas junior national basketball teams program from the age of 16 . On June 28 , 2018 , they played for the Bahamas senior national basketball team in a 2019 FIBA World Cup qualifying game against the U.S. Virgin Islands , scoring 13 points on 7-for-10 shooting in an 84-74 loss .
Post playing career
In 2018 , they joined the Phoenix Suns front office with a role in player development .
Personal life
They were named after the singer Lou Rawls .
Nairn is the older brother of LaQuan Nairn who represents The Bahamas internationally in long jump .
References
External links
Profile at realgm.com
Michican State profile at msuspartans.com
1994 births
Living people
Bahamian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Bahamian men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Kansas
Michigan State Spartans men 's basketball players
Point guards
Sportspeople from Nassau , Bahamas
The Bonnington Pavilion or Hall of Mirrors , now a ruin , is situated in the grounds of the old estate of Bonnington , near New Lanark , overlooking Corra Linn falls on the River Clyde in Lanarkshire , Scotland . Alternative names are the Corra Linn Pavilion and the Falls of Clyde summerhouse . It is said to have been the first Camera obscura built in Scotland . The name comes from the Gaelic 'currach ' , a marshy place . A legend gives 'Cora ' as a daughter of King Malcolm II , who leapt to their death here whilst trying to escape imagined danger .
The history of the pavilion
The building is dated 1708 over the entrance and was constructed by Sir James Carmichael of Bonnington House for the entertainment of their friends and guests . The building had mirrors installed which gave a view of the Falls of Clyde . A view of Corra Linn in 1799 – 1800 taken from Stoddarts Remarks on Scottish scenery gives some idea of the view that visitors would have seen in the 18th-century .
At the time of the construction of the pavilion it was generally felt amongst the aristocracy that nature was cruel and ugly and that women of good breeding should not look upon it unless it was reflected in a mirror or seen through a frame , thereby detaching the view from the aspect of harsh reality and transferring it to that of good taste and high art .
The building was still in use in the early 19th century , although Stoddart refers to it as a summerhouse . Garnett on their 1800 tour refers to the building as a 'pavilion ' and mentions the mirrors , saying that .. as at Dunkeld , mirrors are placed , by the reflection of which we had different views of the water . They also comment on the fine view of the cotton mills that was to be had from the west window . It is not clear when it was abandoned , and the structure is now included on the Buildings at Risk Register for Scotland .
Design details of the pavilion
The pavilion had 2 floors , and the bottom floor may have been used at one stage as a kitchen for the preparation of refreshments for the ladies and gentlemen who came down from Bonnington House to view the falls .
Although a relatively large window , probably originally having shutters either side , looks onto the falls only a small hole is required for a camera obscura to function as this feature may be a later addition . The entrance door has a window set on each side , which would have prevented the projection of an image onto mirrors placed onto this 'back ' wall . A window and ground floor door were present in each of the two side walls of the building ; providing up to three doors altogether into the ground floor and a total of five windows , providing for exceptionally good views out of the building . The only apparently uninterrupted surface was the upper ceiling . The artist Alexander Archer sketched the pavilion from the south-west in 1837 , probably including some 'artistic licence ' . This sketch shows a different arrangement of the steps leading up to the door and a stone gable end , with highly ornate 'crow step ' ornamentation , which would have given the building a typical arched sloping roof rather than a flat one as suggested by the remains today ( 2007 ) . It may well be that the changes to the entrance steps took place when the hydroelectric power station was constructed in 1926 as the pipes carrying the water to the turbine house run very close to the pavilion entrance and they had to be moved to run parallel to the front of the building .
The building shows signs of other alterations , such as the closing up of one of the lower ground front 'servants ' entrance to the suggested kitchen area and the provision of a balustrade at the viewing window , suggesting that at a later date the method of use of the building changed . Some modern repairs have been carried out to stabilise the building as indicated by recent pointing work , new wood lintels , etc .
The purpose of the mirrors
The pavilion had mirrors which reflected the falls , giving visitors , who sat with their backs to the window , the illusion , once the shutters or 'doors ' were thrown open , that they were standing in the middle of the waterfalls . According to another report , the Pavilion had mirrors on its back wall . When the doors were opened visitors supposedly had the illusion of standing beneath the falls .
Swan records that A beautiful though more distant view of this extraordinary scene , may be had from the window of a pavilion , erected by Sir James Carmichael of Bonniton , placed far above , on the very summit of the sloping bank which rises from the perpendicular rocks , can contemplate the whole freed from those feelings of terror with which in nearer situations , they can not fail to be visited . Indeed , the scene has here more of the effect of a picture , or a beautiful panoramic view ; the trees through which it is seen adding their interest to the foreground , or forming as it were a framework at the sides . At the opposite end of the pavilion , a Mirror is placed , in which this rich landscape is reflected ; and from its position , the spectator is almost led to believe that the cataract is tumbling upon their head . Unfortunately , however , the illusion is not made so perfect as it might obviously be . The Mirror is neither of sufficient size , of a proper shape , or sufficiently concealed in the wall . Were a little expense laid out on the pavilion , which appears to be exactly as it was left by Sir John , a hundred and twenty years ago , the illusion might be exceedingly striking .
Views of the Bonnington Pavilion
Famous visitors
The interpretation board at the Falls of Clyde viewpoint records that J. M. W. Turner , Sir Walter Scott , Samuel Taylor Coleridge and their friend William Wordsworth all visited . Turner produced a painting of the falls and Wordworth immortalised Corra Linn in verse in 1802 . We can not be sure that they visited the pavilion , but it is not unlikely , given the presence of a guide at Bonnington House lodge .
The Oxford educated cleric Rev . William Gilpin ( 1724–1804 ) , a schoolmaster in Surrey , toured Britain and visited the Falls of Clyde . They built an enormously influential theory on this convergence of travel and artistic recreation . John Stoddart relates that when they visited in 1799 - 1800 the mansion house of Bonnyton ( Bonnington ) was the seat of Lady Ross . They commend them for permitting unrestricted access to the falls and states that a porter was based at the Bonnyton Lodge house who would escort visitor to the best viewing points and to the 'summer-house ' as they call it . Most frustratingly they did not wish to be 'restrained ' and failed to visit the actual pavilion itself .
Falls of Clyde views
Nearby points of interest
Wallace 's Cave is a cavity in the face of the cliff near Corra Linn , nearly circular in form , in height and about in diameter . It is said to have been a hiding place of William Wallace , however the late Mr G Ross remembered the cave being formed during the construction of a swing bridge . Stoddart mentions the `` Wallace 's cove '' in their records of their visit in 1799 - 1800 .
Corra Castle 's ( also known as Corrax or Corehouse Castle ) ruins are situated on the other side of the Clyde at map reference : NS 8822 4141 . It belongs to the period from 1572 to 1700 . The site of the castle is a precipitous rock which , on three sides , overlooks the Clyde . On the fourth are the remains of a ditch which at its west end drops down into a chasm . The ruins comprise remains of a tower and a small courtyard .
Corehouse is a large country house , sited to the north of the castle , and the estate which includes the castle grounds and the nature reserve .
Similar structures
Ossian 's Hall of Mirrors
See also
New Lanark
Lanark
References
External links
Video footage of the Bonnington Pavilion
Falls of Clyde Wildlife Reserve
Lanark Hydroelectric Scheme
Buildings and structures in South Lanarkshire
Former country houses in the United Kingdom
River Clyde
Buildings and structures completed in 1708
Category A listed buildings in South Lanarkshire
Buildings at Risk Register for Scotland
Sarah Legrain ( born 17 November 1985 ) is a French teacher and politician . A member of La France Insoumise ( FI ) , they were elected to represent the 16th constituency of Paris in the National Assembly in the first round of the 2022 legislative election .
References
1985 births
Living people
21st-century French educators
Educators from Paris
21st-century French women politicians
Politicians from Île-de-France
Deputies of the 16th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
La France Insoumise politicians
Women members of the National Assembly ( France )
Members of Parliament for Paris
École Normale Supérieure alumni
Luís Severino de Almeida Cabral ( 11 April 1931 – 30 May 2009 ) was a Bissau-Guinean politician who was the first President of Guinea-Bissau . They served from 1974 to 1980 , when a military coup d'état led by João Bernardo Vieira deposed him . Luís Cabral was a half-brother of Amílcar Cabral , with whom they co-founded the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde ( PAIGC ) in 1956 .
Early life
Luís Cabral was born in the city of Bissau , Portuguese Guinea , on April 11 , 1931 to mestiço ( mixed-race ) parents originally from the Cape Verde . They completed their primary school studies in the Cape Verde archipelago , which was also a Portuguese territory at that time . Later they received training in accountancy . They were also educated in Bissau and joined a Portuguese business , Companhia União Fabril .
Pro-independence guerrilla and Presidency
In 1956 Cabral was one of the six founders of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde ( PAIGC ) . In the early 1960s , PAIGC launched an anti-colonial guerrilla war against the Portuguese authorities . They helped organize a dock strike that was brutally suppressed by the Portuguese authorities . and resulted in a loss of more than 50 lives . This led to the PAIGC abandoning non-violence , which came as a shock to Cabral . Luís Cabral 's rise to leadership began in 1973 , after the assassination in Conakry , Guinea , of their half-brother Amílcar Cabral , the noted Pan-African intellectual and founder of the PAIGC . Leadership of the party then engaged in fighting for independence from Portuguese rule for both Guinea-Bissau ( then known as Portuguese Guinea ) and for Cape Verde , fell to Aristides Pereira , who later became the president of Cape Verde . The Guinea-Bissau branch of the party , however , followed Luís Cabral .
Following the Carnation Revolution in April 1974 in Lisbon , the new left-wing revolutionary government of Portugal granted independence to Portuguese Guinea , as Guinea-Bissau , on September 10 that same year . The PAIGC had unilaterally proclaimed the country 's independence one year before in the village of Madina do Boé , and this event had been recognized by many socialist and non-aligned member states of the United Nations . Luís Cabral became President of Guinea-Bissau . A program of national reconstruction and development , of socialist inspiration ( with the support of USSR , China , but also Nordic countries ) , began . Access to education and health has improved significantly in a few years . But some suspicion and instability was present in the party since Amílcar Cabral 's death and the independence . Relations with Portugal after independence were relatively good . The Guinean president visited Portugal in 1978 and President Ramalho Eanes visited the former colony the next year , referring to the Luso-Guinean relationship as a model for those Portugal sought to establish with Angola and Mozambique .
Some sections of the party accused Luís Cabral and the other members with Cape Verdean origins of dominating the party . Alleging this , Cabral 's Prime Minister and former armed forces commander João Bernardo Vieira organized their overthrow on November 14 , 1980 , in a military coup . Luís Cabral was then arrested and detained for 13 months .
Exile
After the military coup in 1980 , they were sent into exile , first in Cuba , which offered to receive him , then ( in 1984 ) , in Portugal , where the Portuguese Government received them and gave them measure to live with their family , until their death in 2009 .
Shortly after being appointed Prime Minister following the Guinea-Bissau Civil War , Francisco Fadul called for Cabral 's return from exile in December 1998 . Cabral said in response , in the Portuguese newspaper 24 Horas , that they would be willing to return , but not while Vieira remained in power ; Vieira had said that they could not guarantee Cabral 's safety , and Cabral said that as a result , they feared for their life should they return while Vieira remained president . On October 22 , 1999 , following Vieira 's ouster , coup leader Ansumane Mane invited Cabral to return , giving them a passport marking them as `` President of the Guinea Bissau Council of State '' while in Lisbon . Cabral was in Bissau in mid-November 1999 , and said on the occasion that they did not want to become active in politics again or to rejoin PAIGC .
Death
Cabral died aged 78 on May 30 , 2009 , in Torres Vedras , Portugal . Their death followed a long bout of illness .
The National Assembly of Guinea-Bissau stated : `` It is with shock and sadness that the government and people of Guinea-Bissau have learnt of the loss of one of their most illustrious sons , Luis Cabral '' . It held an emergency session at which it organised a period of national mourning to last three days .
Controversies
As the President of Guinea-Bissau , their authoritarian single-party regime was severely repressive and the country was hit by severe food shortages . Luís Cabral was also accused of being responsible for the execution of a large number of black Guinea-Bissauan soldiers who had fought alongside the Portuguese Army against the PAIGC guerrillas during the Portuguese Colonial War , a claim that Cabral always denied .
See also
History of Guinea-Bissau
References
1931 births
2009 deaths
Bissau-Guinean emigrants to Portugal
Bissau-Guinean people of Cape Verdean descent
Leaders ousted by a coup
Presidents of Guinea-Bissau
African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde politicians
The 2016–17 Slovak Cup ( also known as the 2016–17 Slovnaft Cup for sponsorship reasons ) is the 48th edition of the competition . The winners of the competition will qualify for the first qualifying round of the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League .
Participating teams
Fortuna Liga ( 12 Teams )
2. liga ( 18 Teams )
3. liga ( 43 Teams )
4. liga ( 60 Teams )
5. liga ( 69 Teams )
source : futbalnet.sk
First round
The matches were played from 23 July to 2 August 2016 .
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |23 July
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |24 July
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |27 July
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |30 July
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |31 July
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |2 August
| }
Second round
The matches were played from 31 July to 23 August 2016 .
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |31 July
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |9 August
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |10 August
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |16 August
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |17 August
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |23 August
| }
Third round
The matches were played from 24 August to 21 September 2016 .
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |24 August
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |31 August
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |7 September
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |13 September
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |14 September
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |21 September
| }
Fourth round
The matches were played from 27 September to 5 October 2016 .
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |27 September
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |28 September
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |5 October
| }
Fifth Round
The matches were played from 18 October to 30 November 2016 .
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |18 October
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |19 October
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |22 November
|-
! colspan= '' 3 '' align= '' center '' |30 November
| }
Quarter-finals
The matches were played on 7 and 8 March 2017 .
Semi-finals
The matches were played from 4 to 12 April 2017 .
Final
References
External links
Slovak Cup at Futbalnet.sk
Slovak Cup at Soccerway.com
Slovak Cup seasons
Cup
Slovak Cup
CFWE is a radio network based in Edmonton , Alberta . Owned by the Aboriginal Multi-Media Society , it broadcasts programming targeting northern Alberta 's First Nations communities , including mainstream country music , and specialty shows featuring Indigenous music or presented in native languages such as Cree and Dene .
The network broadcasts from studios in Edmonton , alongside its originating station CFWE-FM-4 . It operates a network of rebroadcasters to serve the province of Alberta and its First Nations reserves .
History
Owned by the Aboriginal Multi-Media Society , the station received approval from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission in 1987 to launch on 89.9 FM in Lac La Biche . Transmitters were later added at many other communities in northern Alberta .
CFWE-FM is a founding member of the Western Association of Aboriginal Broadcasters ( WAAB ) . WAAB Members include Northern Native Broadcasting ( BC ) , Northern Native Broadcasting ( Yukon ) , Missinipi Broadcasting Corporation ( Saskatchewan ) and Native Communications Incorporated ( Manitoba ) . WAAB members meet regularly to develop program ideas , share resources and work to promote Aboriginal broadcasting throughout western and northern Canada .
In 2008 , AMMSA received approval from the CRTC to add new transmitters at Edmonton and Fort McMurray , with the Edmonton station becoming the de facto originating station of the network . The new transmitters , CHWE-FM-4 in Edmonton ( physically located in the suburb of Spruce Grove ) and CHWE-FM-5 in Fort McMurray , broadcast on 98.5 MHz and 94.5 MHz respectively .
On November 7 , 2012 , the AMMSA received approval to supersede CFWE-FM Lac La Biche and four low-power rebroadcasters serving nearby reserves with a new 19.6 kW signal on 90.5 MHz in Lac La Biche . In 2016 , CHWE-FM-4 's power was increased from 9.3 kW to 100 kW . In September 2017 , the AMMSA received approval to add a 100,000 watt transmitter at 105.7 MHz in Grande Prairie , which superseded low-power transmitters serving the Horse Lake Reserve and Duncan 's Band Reserve .
In June 2018 , CFWE launched a new sister station in Calgary , CJWE-FM , taking the place of the former Aboriginal Voices Radio Network station . It carries a similar format , but with a focus on southern Alberta Treaty 7 communities . In December 2018 , the CRTC granted a request for CFWE-FM-2 ( Piikani 147 ) to switch to CJWE , as its programming would be more relevant to the area .
In May 2019 , the CRTC approved a new transmitter in Red Deer .
Programming
Radio Bingo airs on Monday , Thursday , and Saturday nights , with proceeds being used to help support the AMMSA and its broadcasting activities . AMMSA CEO Bert Crowfoot stated that the program was popular enough that North Alberta residents often chose to not schedule meetings on Monday or Thursday evenings so they would n't miss it .
Rebroadcasters
The station has an extensive network of rebroadcasters throughout the province .
References
External links
CFWE-FM history - Canadian Communications Foundation
FWE
FWE
Radio stations established in 1987
1987 establishments in Alberta
Martensøya ( anglicized as Martens Island ) is the easternmost island of Sjuøyane , which lies north of Nordaustlandet , part of the Svalbard archipelago in Arctic Norway . The island is named after the German physician Friderich Martens , who visited Spitsbergen in 1671 . Total area 19 km2 . Highest point : Sølvberget , 405 m.a.s.l ..
References
Norwegian Polar Institute : Place names in Norwegian polar areas
Islands of Svalbard
John Hargreaves may refer to :
John Hargreaves ( business person ) ( born 1944 ) , founder of British discount retailer Matalan
John Hargreaves ( actor ) ( 1945–1996 ) , Australian actor
John Hargreaves ( Australian Capital Territory politician ) ( born 1949 ) , member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
John Hargreaves ( Queensland politician ) ( 1839–1907 ) , member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
John Hargreaves ( cricketer ) ( born 1944 ) , English cricketer
John Hargreaves ( footballer ) ( 1860–1903 ) , England international footballer
John D. Hargreaves ( 1924–2015 ) , professor of history at the University of Aberdeen
John Hargreaves ( carrier ) ( 1780–1860 ) , English carrier and business person
John Hargreaves ( early railway operator ) ( 1800–1874 ) , English carrier , railway entrepreneur and manufacturing business person
John Hargreaves ( snooker player ) ( born 1945 ) , English snooker player
See also
Jack Hargreaves ( 1911–1994 ) , British author and television presenter
John Hargrave ( disambiguation )
Naked Vegas is an American reality show about a body painting business owned by Red Belmonte in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Cast
Kelly `` Red '' Belmonte
Nix Herrera
Heather Aguilera
Suzanne Lugano
Wiser Oner
Drew Marvick
Dan Madonia
Episodes
`` Paint the Town , Red ''
`` Devil Pirates and Aliens ''
`` Penn & Teller Painted Magic ''
`` Painted Playmate Claire Sinclair ''
`` Cosplay and Steampunk ''
`` Jabbawockeez Masked in Color ''
Reception
Las Vegas Review Journal
Variety
References
External links
2013 American television series debuts
2013 American television series endings
2010s American reality television series
Syfy original programming
Television shows set in Las Vegas
Dawanshan Dao ( ) , or Dawanshan Island , is an island in the southwest Wanshan Archipelago , offshore of Zhuhai , Guangdong in China . Xiaowanshan Dao ( ) is located in the west of Dawanshan Dao . Dawanshan Dao has an area of 8.1 km2 and a population of about 3,000 . The seat of Wanshan Town ( ) of Zhuhai is located on the island .
Geography
Dawanding ( ) on Dawanshan Dao has an altitude of 443.13 m .
Economy
Dawanshan Dao is located in one of the major fishing areas of China . However , Perna viridis , a species of green mussel , was found to be contaminated by HCHs , DDTs , and PCBs . Dawanshan Dao has reservoirs because of the lack of sufficient freshwater .
Transportation
Dawanshan Dao is accessible through ferry service from the Xiangzhou Northern Wharf ( ) of Zhuhai .
See also
Wanshan Archipelago Campaign
References
External links
Pictures of Dawanshan Dao :
Wanshan Archipelago
Shtavica is a village in Municipality of Prilep . It is located 13 km south of the town of Prilep .
Geography and location
The village of Štavica is located on the southeastern side of the Prilep valley , in the wider Pelagonia valley . Close to the village , the road from Prilep to Mariovo passes through the pass Sliva .
Štavica is located on a hill , and is at an altitude of 800 meters , between the villages of Čumovo in the north , Marul in the south and Malo Ruvci in the west .
History
The `` For the Mountain Cemetery '' locality lies south of the village about 500 meters away . Surface stone slabs can be seen on the surface of the earth . There is also a cross . Until 1946 , the villagers walked with the crosses on Pentecost . Residents say it is a Christian tomb left from an older neighborhood , which `` when the plague struck . ''
Demographics
According to the 2002 census , the village had a total of 84 inhabitants . Ethnic groups in the village include :
Macedonians 84
A summary of the demographics ( 1900-2002 ) :
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Aílton de Oliveira Modesto ( born 27 February 1980 ) , known as Aílton , is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Club statistics
References
External links
Kawasaki Frontale
1980 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Santos FC players
Kawasaki Frontale players
Esporte Clube Santo André players
Sociedade Esportiva Matonense players
Portimonense S.C. players
Panachaiki F.C . players
Apollon Pontou FC players
AEP Paphos FC players
Londrina Esporte Clube players
União Esporte Clube players
Santa Helena Esporte Clube players
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense players
Dibba Al-Hisn Sports Club players
Brusque Futebol Clube players
Mixto Esporte Clube players
Morrinhos Futebol Clube players
Sinop Futebol Clube players
Operário Futebol Clube ( Várzea Grande ) players
Associação Esportiva Tiradentes players
Clube Atlético Votuporanguense players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Liga Portugal 2 players
J2 League players
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
Cypriot First Division players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Association football midfielders
Sex trafficking in Myanmar is human trafficking for the purpose of sexual exploitation and slavery that occurs in the Republic of the Union of Myanmar . Myanmar is primarily a source and transit country for sexually trafficked persons .
Sex trafficking victims in the country are from all ethnic groups in Myanmar and foreigners . Myanmar citizens , primarily women and girls , have been sex trafficked into other countries in Asia and different continents . They are forced into prostitution , marriages , and or pregnancies . Sex trafficked victims are physically and psychologically harmed . They contract sexually transmitted diseases from rapes , and abuse and malnutrition are common . Some women and girls are tortured and or murdered .
Sex trafficking and exploitation is spread throughout all levels of Myanmar society . Male and female perpetrators in Myanmar come from diverse backgrounds . A number of traffickers are members of or facilitated by criminal organizations . Some government officials , troops , and police , as well as foreigners , have been complicit in sex trafficking in Myanmar .
The magnitude of sex trafficking in Myanmar is difficult to know because of the lack reporting and data , the secretive nature of sex trafficking crimes , and other factors . The enforcement of sex trafficking laws and investigating and prosecuting of cases have been hindered by conflict , political instability , land confiscation , poor border management , corruption , and indifference . The government of Myanmar has not made significant efforts in reducing sex trafficking . The internal conflict in Myanmar has caused an increase in sex trafficking . Myanmar armed forces operations ' in several areas of the country continue to displace many Rohingya and members of other ethnic groups , making them vulnerable to sex trafficking .
Victims
Myanmar women and girls are sex trafficked into China , Thailand , Cambodia , Laos , Malaysia , and other countries throughout the world . A number of women are drugged during the ordeal . Victims ' documents and passports , if in their possession , are stolen . They are forced in marriages or brothels , and unfree labour in homes or on farms . Many are tied or locked up and abused .
Women who escaped and made it to the Chinese police were often jailed and deported , while their traffickers and buyers remained free . Victims face stigma in their communities and sometimes from their families . Some victims get abducted and sex trafficked again .
Perpetrators
The traffickers are often part of criminal organizations . Some are government officials , military officers and enlisted men , or police . The perpetrators are sometimes the victims ' family members or friends .
Anti-sex trafficking efforts
The government has made some efforts in combating sex trafficking , but these are still lacking . Myanmar police are using the country 's anti-money laundering law to dismantle the financial network that supports the crime .
Corruption
Corruption and impunity have hindered the country 's anti-trafficking efforts . Some police have demanded bribes in order to return victims to their families .
Government response problems
The Myanmar government has been criticized for its response in reducing sex trafficking .
Coordination between police in Myanmar and in China is poor .
Non-governmental organizations
Eden Ministry Myanamr reaches , rescues , and restores sex trafficked victims in the country . It is supported by the United Nations Trust Fund for Victims of Human Trafficking .
Other nongovernmental organizations disseminate anti-sex trafficking pamphlets and social media messages .
References
Myanmar
Human trafficking in Myanmar
Crime in Myanmar by type
Society of Myanmar
Women in Myanmar
Myanmar
Ronald George may refer to :
Ronald M. George , 27th Chief Justice of California
Ron George , Maryland State Delegate
Ron George ( footballer ) ( 1922–1989 ) , English professional footballer who played for Crystal Palace and Colchester United
Ron George ( American football ) ( born 1970 ) , American football player
See also
Bachy is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
François Bachy ( born 1960 ) , French television journalist
Jean-Paul Bachy ( born 1947 ) , French politician
See also
Bochy
Mosteiro , Portuguese for monastery , may refer to the following places in Portugal :
Mosteiro ( Lajes das Flores ) , a civil parish in the municipality of Lajes das Flores , Azores
Mosteiró ( Santa Maria da Feira ) , a parish in the municipality of Santa Maria da Feira
Mosteiro ( Oleiros ) , a civil parish in the municipality of Oleiros
Mosteiro ( Torre de Dona Chama ) , a village in the parish of Torre de Dona Chama
Mosteiro ( Vieira do Minho ) , a parish in the municipality of Vieira do Minho
Mosteiró ( Vila do Conde ) , a parish in the municipality of Vila do Conde
See also
Mosteiros ( disambiguation )
Zenting is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany .
Location
The municipality lies in the region of Danube Forest ( Donau-Wald ) in the middle of the Bavarian Forest . The village nestles in a sunny , south-facing bowl , above which the Brotjacklriegel ( 1,016 m ) and Aschenstein ( 945 m ) tower to the north . Zenting is located around 35 km NW of Passau , 13 km from Tittling , 18 km SW of Grafenau , 26 km N of Vilshofen an der Donau and 15 km from the A 3 ( Iggensbach exit ) .
References
Freyung-Grafenau
The 2012 Eastern New Mexico Greyhounds football represents Eastern New Mexico University in the 2012 NCAA Division II football season as a member of the Lone Star Conference ( LSC ) . Led by first-year head coach Josh Lynn , the Greyhounds finished the season 3–7 overall with a conference mark of 2–6 , placing seventh .
Previous season
Eastern New Mexico went winless , finishing 0–9 overall and 0–7 in conference play .
Recruiting
Head coach Josh Lynn brought in 14 new recruits before the season started
Preseaon
Eastern New Mexico was picked to finish 8th in the 2012 LSC preseason poll .
Schedule
References
Eastern New Mexico
Eastern New Mexico Greyhounds football seasons
Eastern New Mexico Greyhounds football
Chandler Wilce Johnson ( October 8 , 1905 – March 2 , 1945 ) was a highly decorated United States Marine Corps lieutenant colonel . They served as the commanding officer of 2nd Battalion , 28th Marines during the battle of Iwo Jima , leading their battalion in capturing Mount Suribachi which later led to the flag being raised over Iwo Jima . They were killed in action one week after the flag raising and was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross .
Early life and career
Chandler W. Johnson was born on October 8 , 1905 , in Fort Dodge , Iowa . In 1929 , Johnson graduated from the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis , Maryland . Upon graduation , they were commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps and attended training at the Marine Barracks in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . They then attended further training at Naval Air Station Pensacola , Florida , and then at the Marine Barracks at Portsmouth Navy Yard , Virginia .
In April 1931 , Johnson deployed to Nicaragua during the Banana Wars , remaining there until the end of 1932 . From early 1933 to mid 1934 , they were stationed at the Marine Barracks in Boston , Massachusetts . Johnson then attended courses at the Marine Barracks Quantico , Virginia , before they were briefly stationed at the Marine Barracks in Mare Island Navy Yard , California .
From late 1935 until the end of 1936 , First Lieutenant Johnson was stationed at Olongapo Naval Station in the Philippines . Throughout 1937 , Johnson served with the 4th Marine Regiment in China . In 1938 , they returned to the Marine Barracks in Portsmouth , Virginia . In January 1939 , Captain Johnson attended another course at Quantico , and later that year they were assigned to 1st Battalion , 6th Marines in San Diego , California .
World War II
3rd Defense Battalion
In mid 1940 , Johnson was made the commanding officer of Battery I , 3rd Defense Battalion at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii . Johnson was with the 3rd Defense Battalion when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7 , 1941 , forcing the United States to enter World War II .
In late June and early July 1942 , the 3rd Defense Battalion conducted several amphibious landing exercises in Hawaii . On August 7 , Johnson landed with their battalion in support of the 1st Marine Division at Guadalcanal . The 3rd Defense Battalion left Guadalcanal for New Zealand on February 9 , 1943 . Johnson was awarded the Legion of Merit for their service during the Guadalcanal campaign .
Johnson later took part in the Bougainville campaign with the 3rd Defense Battalion from November 1943 until June 1944 . The 3rd Defense Battalion was deactivated shortly afterwards , and Lieutenant Colonel Johnson was reassigned as the commanding officer of 2nd Battalion , 28th Marines , 5th Marine Division .
Battle of Iwo Jima
On February 19 , 1945 , Johnson led 2/28 during the amphibious assault of Green Beach during the battle of Iwo Jima . Despite fanatical resistance from the defending Japanese , 2/28 managed to help cut Mount Suribachi off from the rest of the island by the end of the day .
On February 20 , as Lieutenant Colonel Johnson ordered their Marines to advance toward Mount Suribachi , they said `` It 's going to be a hell of a day in a hell of a place to fight the damned war ! '' Their battalion suffered significant casualties and only advanced 200 yards that day . Johnson sent a message to 5th Marine Division headquarters in which they stated `` enemy defenses much greater than expected . There was a pillbox every ten feet . '' By February 22 , the Marines had surrounded Suribachi .
First flag raising
On February 23 , Johnson ordered two four-man patrols to reconnoiter routes up to the summit of Mount Suribachi . A patrol from Fox Company , led by Sergeant Sherman B. Watson , successfully reached the top and came back down without drawing any enemy fire . Johnson then ordered the commander of Easy Company , Captain Dave Severance , to send a platoon up Suribachi . Severance in turn ordered First Lieutenant Harold G. Schrier to take 3rd Platoon up the mountain . Just before Schrier left with the platoon , Johnson handed them a 54 by 28 inch American flag and said `` If you get to the top , put it up . '' The flag had been taken from the USS Missoula ( APA-211 ) by the battalion adjutant , First Lieutenant George G. Wells .
Schrier led their platoon up Suribachi and raised the flag Johnson had given him . James Forrestal , the Secretary of the Navy , arrived at the beach just as the flag was raised . The morale among the Marines increased and Forrestal said to General Holland Smith that `` the raising of that flag on Suribachi means a Marine Corps for the next five hundred years . '' Forrestal was so excited that they then decided they wanted to keep the flag as a souvenir .
Second flag raising
When Lieutenant Colonel Johnson received word of Forrestal 's wish , they angrily remarked `` The hell with that ! '' Johnson wanted to retrieve the flag as soon as possible since they believed the flag belonged to their battalion . Johnson then sent their assistant operations officer , Second Lieutenant Ted Tuttle , down to the beach to secure a larger flag to raise over Suribachi .
Johnson then ordered Severance to have their Marines lay a telephone wire up to the top of Suribachi . Severance sent Sergeant Michael Strank , Corporal Harlon Block , and Private First Classes Ira Hayes , Franklin Sousley , and Rene Gagnon to the battalion command post to tie in the telephone wire and obtain radio batteries for Schrier . As the five Marines arrived at the command post , Tuttle also returned to Johnson with a 96 by 56 inch flag which they had acquired from USS LST-779 . Johnson handed the flag to Gagnon and then told Strank to raise the second flag and have Schrier `` save the small flag for me . ''
Strank then led the small group up Suribachi ; where Strank , Block , Hayes , Sousley , and Private First Classes Harold Schultz and Harold Keller raised the second flag . The second flag raising was captured in the famous photograph taken by Joe Rosenthal . The first flag was brought back down Suribachi and returned to Lieutenant Colonel Johnson , who promptly placed it in the battalion safe .
Death
Lieutenant Colonel Johnson continued to lead 2/28 in the battle after the flag raising , advancing to the northeast end of the island . By March 2 , the battalion was fighting over rugged terrain north of Hill 362A , in which the Japanese had constructed well-fortified positions . The lead companies sustained heavy casualties and were pinned down , and Johnson moved to the front line in order to reorganize their battalion to continue the assault . As Johnson was moving from one company to another , their body was mangled and they were instantly killed by an exploding mortar round .
Chandler W. Johnson was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for their actions during the battle . Their remains were interred in the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Portrayal in film
Johnson is featured in the 2006 movie Flags of Our Fathers . In the movie , Johnson is played by American actor Robert Patrick . The movie is based on the 2000 book of the same title .
See also
Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima
Battle of Iwo Jima
References
1905 births
1945 deaths
United States Marine Corps personnel killed in World War II
Battle of Iwo Jima
Military personnel from Iowa
People from Fort Dodge , Iowa
American military personnel of the Banana Wars
Recipients of the Navy Cross ( United States )
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Marine Corps colonels
United States Naval Academy alumni
Deaths by explosive device
Burials in the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific
Deaths by firearm in Japan
The riffle minnow ( Phenacobius catostomus ) is a North American species of cyprinid freshwater fish . It inhabits riffles in warm streams of medium to large size , in the states of Alabama , Georgia , and Tennessee , above the Fall Line . Long and slender , it averages about in length . The riffle minnow is olive on top , and white below .
This fish is not to be confused with Alburnoides bipunctatus , which is also known as riffle minnow , but lives in Europe and Asia .
References
Phenacobius
Freshwater fish of the United States
Fish described in 1877
Taxa named by David Starr Jordan
Kvarnstad is a small village on the island Öland , Sweden . It belongs to the municipality Borgholm .
Populated places in Borgholm Municipality
The Delta J , or Thor-Delta J was an American expendable launch system of the late 1960s . Only one was launched , with the Explorer 38 spacecraft . It was a member of the Delta family of rockets .
The Delta J was derived from the Delta E. The first stage was a Thor missile in the DSV-2C configuration , with three Castor-1 solid rocket boosters clustered around it . A Delta E was used as the second stage . The Altair third stage of the Delta E was replaced with the more powerful Star 37D SRM .
The only Delta J to fly was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base Space Launch Complex 2E on 4 July 1968 . It successfully placed the Explorer 38 satellite into medium Earth orbit .
References
Delta ( rocket family )
Herbert C. Abramson ( November 16 , 1916 – November 9 , 1999 ) was an American record executive , record producer , and co-founder of Atlantic Records .
Life and career
Abramson was born in 1916 to a Jewish family in Brooklyn . They studied to be a dentist but got a job working for Al Green at National Records producing : Clyde McPhatter , The Ravens , Billy Eckstine , and Big Joe Turner . They founded Jubilee Records in 1946 with Jerry Blaine , intending to record jazz , R & B , and gospel music . Blaine was having some success recording Jewish novelty songs , but this genre did not interest Abramson , so they sold their interest in Jubilee to Blaine . Abramson and their wife Miriam were close friends with jazz fan Ahmet Ertegun , who recognized Abramson 's talent . They approached Abramson with a label proposal , and they founded Atlantic Records in 1947 , with Abramson president and Ertegun vice president . Both handled the creative end of the business , and Miriam handled the economics .
In 1953 Abramson was drafted . Jerry Wexler filled in and joined Atlantic as a partner , though Abramson retained the title of president . When Abramson returned from the Army in 1955 , they found Atlantic a changed company . Ertegun 's brother , Nesuhi , joined Atlantic in 1955 as a partner and was enjoying great success in selling jazz albums . Ertegun and Wexler were recording R & B hits which crossed over into pop . Their failing marriage to Miriam would end in divorce . Abramson returned home from Germany with a pregnant girlfriend who became their second wife .
Ahmet Ertegun and Abramson formed Atco Records in 1955 as a division of the Atlantic . Abramson ran the label on their own . They found success with The Coasters but was unable to get a hit with Bobby Darin . When they announced that they were dropping Darin from the label , Ertegun recorded three tracks with Darin and two of them turned into hits : `` Queen of the Hop '' and `` Splish Splash '' . Abramson left Atlantic Records in December 1958 , selling their stake in the company to ex-wife Miriam Bienstock , ( who married music publisher Freddy Bienstock ) and Nesuhi Ertegun . Ahmet Ertegun became president of the company . Abramson started new record labels including Triumph , Blaze , and Festival . Their most successful post-Atlantic recording was producing `` Hi-Heel Sneakers '' by Tommy Tucker ( released on Checker Records ) still able to compete in the industry as an independent label .
Abramson developed a method of cutting concentric grooves for a record so a different recording could be heard depending on which groove the tonearm landed on . That process was used on a series of `` Magic Records '' that Abramson produced which were marketed for children . After leaving Atlantic , Abramson sold the patent to Mattel which used the process to develop the Chatty Cathy talking doll .
Abramson set up their own recording studio in the early 1960s , A-1 Sound Studios ( Atlantic-1 ) at 234 West 56th Street in Manhattan . With engineer Jim Reeves they produced : Sidney Barnes , Don Covay , the Darling Sisters , John Davidson , Luther Dixon , J. J. Jackson , Linda and the Vistas , Mr. Wiggles , Johnny Nash , Pigmeat Markum , Ruby & the Romantics , Eddie Singleton , The Supremes , Titus Turner , and the Thymes . They moved A-1 Sound to 76th Street on the ground floor of a hotel off Broadway . Musicians who recorded demos in the studio include : Richie Cordell , Hank Crawford , Barry Manilow , Bette Midler , James Moody , Patti Smith , Les Fradkin and Muddy Waters . The Godz recorded their first three albums at the West 56th Street studio in 1966 , 1967 and 1968 , and their fourth album at 76th Street in 1973 . Jim McCarthy from The Godz also recorded their solo album ( Alien ) at the 76th Street studio in 1973 . Jonathan Thayer , later of Vanguard Recording Studios , engineered for Abramson , as did Rob Fraboni and maintenance engineer Mike Edl , who replaced Carl Lindgren in April 1969 . A-1 Sound was managed by their third wife , Barbara , who was with them to the end . They died in Henderson , Nevada , in 1999 , a week before their 83rd birthday .
In 1998 , they received the Pioneer Award from the Rhythm & Blues Foundation .
References
1916 births
1999 deaths
20th-century American Jews
Record producers from New York ( state )
American music industry executives
Atlantic Records
Businesspeople from Brooklyn
20th-century American businesspeople
Ivy Queen Musa Sound Corporation ( formerly known as Filtro Musik and later Drama Records ) is a multi-genre record label founded by Ivy Queen and José Guadalupe in San Juan , Puerto Rico in 2005 with the release of Ivy Queen 's fifth studio album Flashback . The label also has an office in Miami , Florida . It serves the genres of reggaetón , bachata , hip hop , R & B , and various other styles of tropical and Latin music . The label has previously been distributed by Univision Records and Machete Music while currently being distributed by Siente Music since early 2012 .
History
Filtro Musik
In 2005 , Ivy Queen partnered with co-founder of Perfect Image Records , José Guadalupe to form Filtro Musik . This stemmed from Guadalupe parting ways with the other co-founder of Perfect Image Anthony Pérez who in turn would launch their own label The Roof Records . Filtro Musik 's concept initially stemmed from its name which means filter in English . `` I 've been in this industry 15 years , and we have the ability to filter and pick the best '' said Guadalupe . Later that year , Univision Records signed the label to a licensing plan to promote Ivy Queen 's fifth studio album Flashback ( 2005 ) to Latin and non-Latin buyers . This ensured that the album was positioned in Latin and mainstream accounts that would normally not carry Latin product . Following Queen 's split from management and Jorge Guadalupe in 2006 , Guadalupe separated into Filtro Music Group .
Drama Records
After the success of their 2007 effort Sentimiento , which spawned the Top 10 hit `` Que Lloren '' and was later certified Platinum by the United States Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , a substantial live album , Ivy Queen 2008 World Tour LIVE ! was distributed by Machete in 2008 . This would lead up to Queen signing with the label in April 2010 as it celebrated its fifth anniversary . The signing , described as a 360 deal , includes profit sharing in tours , sponsorships and merchandising . Ivy Queen was previously signed to a distribution deal with Univision Records , which in turn was acquired by Machete 's parent company Universal Music Latin Entertainment in 2008 . The president of Universal Music Latino and Machete , Walter Kolm , commented in a press release `` It 's a privilege to have Ivy Queen a part of our artistic roster . Ivy is an extraordinary woman with incomparable talent , and she 's number one in their genre . We 're happy to be able to work with them on their new album as well as future projects '' . `` I 'm very proud to be a part of Machete Music . They are a young , vibrant company that has created a name for itself in Latin music in the United States and the world . They are a strong and important company that has been recognized for nurturing their artists ' creative talents , '' said Ivy Queen , regarding the partnership .
Ivy Queen Musa Sound
Shortly , however , Queen released a new single , `` Peligro De Extinción '' in 2012 under Siente Music , a subdivision of Universal Music Latin Entertainment , sister labels with Machete . This in turn led to Queen launching Ivy Queen Musa Sound , a new record label , starting with the release of the single , and then their eight studio album effort , Musa on August 21 , 2012 . Queen then further in their career releasing a Christmas song , `` Vamos a Celebrar '' under Ivy Queen Musa Sound and Venevision , also under the parent label Universal Music Latin Entertainment .
Discography
Studio albums
2005
Ivy Queen — Flashback
Big Boy — El Comeback
2006
Ivy Queen and Gran Omar — Cosa Nostra : Hip-Hop
Big Boy — Reloaded Version 2.5
2007
Big Boy — Hail The Big Boy
Mickey Perfecto — Cuando El Silencio Hace Ruido
Ivy Queen — Real ( Reissue )
Ivy Queen — Sentimiento
Ivy Queen — Sentimiento : Platinum Edition
2008
Mickey Perfecto — En Cuerpo y Alma
Ivy Queen — Ivy Queen 2008 World Tour LIVE !
2010
Ivy Queen — Drama Queen
2012
Ivy Queen — Musa
2016
Ivy Queen — Vendetta
Singles
2005
Ivy Queen — `` Cuéntale ''
Ivy Queen — `` Libertad ''
Ivy Queen — `` Te They Querido , Te They Llorado ''
2006
Ivy Queen — `` No Hacen Na ''
Gran Omar featuring Haze and Moreno — `` Paquetes ''
2007
Divino — `` Pobre Corazón ''
Ivy Queen — `` Que Lloren ''
Ivy Queen — `` En Que Fallamos ''
Ivy Queen — `` Sentimientos ''
2008
Ivy Queen — `` Menor Que Yo ''
Ivy Queen — `` Dime Si Recuerdas
Ivy Queen — `` Dime ''
2009
Víctoria Sanabría featuring Ivy Queen — `` No Te Quiero ''
2010
Ivy Queen — `` La Vida Es Así
Ivy Queen — `` Amor Puro ''
2011
Ivy Queen — `` La Playa ''
Víctoria Sanabría — `` Soy Mujer ''
2012
Ivy Queen — `` Peligro de Extinción ''
Ivy Queen featuring Víctoria Sanabría — `` Vamos A Celebrar ''
2013
Ivy Queen − `` Cupido ''
2014
Ivy Queen − `` Cuando Las Mujeres ''
Ivy Queen − `` No Hay ''
Ivy Queen − `` Soy Libre ''
Ivy Queen featuring Ñengo Flow − `` Vamos A Guerrear ''
Ivy Queen featuring Jowell & Randy − `` Nací Para Amarte ''
Ivy Queen − `` Vendetta ''
2016
Ivy Queen − `` Que Se Jodan ''
Other songs
2010
Ivy Queen featuring Wisin & Yandel — `` Acércate ''
Artist
Ivy Queen
Víctoria Sanabría
Affiliated Artist
Daddy Yankee
Wisin & Yandel
Don Omar
De La Ghetto
Arcángel
Tito El Bambino
Former Artist
Big Boy
Divino
Gran Omar
Mickey Perfecto
Tribales
DJs/Producers
Keko Musik
Affiliated DJ/Producers
DJ Nelson
Luny Tunes
Noriega
Tainy
Predikador
Former DJs/Producers
Monserrate & DJ Urba
Escobar & Zoprano
Rafi Mercenario
Associated labels
WY Records
White Lion Records
El Cartel Records
Venevision
References
American record labels
Puerto Rican record labels
Reggaeton record labels
Hip hop record labels
Contemporary R & B record labels
Pop record labels
Vanity record labels
Record labels established in 2005
Companies based in Miami
Companies based in San Juan , Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican brands
Ivy Queen
Monsan may refer to :
Monsan River , a tributary of Lake Monsan in Québec , Canada
Lake Monsan , a stream crossed by the Maicasagi River , in Québec , Canada
Laurence Arthur Rickels ( born December 2 , 1954 ) is an American literary and media theorist , whose most significant works have been in the tradition of the Frankfurt School 's efforts to apply psychoanalytic insights to mass media culture . Some of their best known works include The Case of California , The Vampire Lectures , and the three volume work Nazi Psychoanalysis . After 30 years at the University of California at Santa Barbara , they were appointed successor to Klaus Theweleit in April 2011 to the Academy of Fine Arts , Karlsruhe , where they were professor of Art and Theory for six years . During spring semester 2018 Rickels held the Eberhard Berent Goethe Chair at New York University . In the summers , they serve as the Sigmund Freud Professor of Media and Philosophy at the European Graduate School in Saas-Fee , Switzerland .
Biography
Rickels was born in Cherokee , Iowa on December 2 , 1954 . They currently reside and works in Palm Springs and Berlin .
Academic life
Rickels 's research has been supported by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation , the Austrian Government , the Center for German and European Studies ( UC Berkeley ) , the German Academic Exchange Service ( DAAD ) , the Interdisciplinary Humanities Center ( UC Santa Barbara ) , and the Zentrum für Literatur und Kulturforschung Berlin , among other institutions , agencies , and offices . At New York University they presented the 2007 Otto and Ilse Mainzer Lecture .
Published books
( book written as author )
Der Integrierte Vampir und was damit zusammenhängt ( Vienna Passagen Verlag , 2017 )
The Psycho Records ( New York Wallflower/Columbia University Press , 2016 )
Germany A Science Fiction ( Fort Wayne AntiOedipus Press , 2015 )
Die Unterwelt der Psychoanalyse ( Vienna Passagen Verlag , 2014 )
SPECTRE ( Fort Wayne AntiOedipus Press , 2013 )
Geprüfte Seelen ( Vienna Passagen Verlag , 2012 )
I Think I Am Philip K. Dick ( Minneapolis University of Minnesota Press , 2010 )
뱀파이어 강의 ( Seoul Rubybox Publisher , 2009 )
The Devil Notebooks ( Minneapolis University of Minnesota Press , 2008 )
Ulrike Ottinger The Autobiography of Art Cinema ( Minneapolis University of Minnesota Press , 2008 )
Ulrike Ottinger . Eine Autobiografie des Kinos ( Berlin b_books , 2007 )
Vampirismus Vorlesungen ( Berlin Brinkmann & Bose , 2007 )
Nazi Psychoanalysis , 3 Volumes Only Psychoanalysis Won the War , CryptoFetishism , PsyFi ( Minneapolis University of Minnesota Press , 2002 )
The Vampire Lectures ( Minneapolis University of Minnesota Press , 1999 )
The Case of California ( Baltimore The Johns Hopkins University Press , 1991 ) * Reprinted with University of Minnesota Press , 2001 .
Der unbetrauerbare Tod ( Vienna Edition Passagen , 1989 )
Aberrations of Mourning Writing on German Crypts ( Detroit Wayne State University Press , 1988 )
See also
List of psychoanalytical theorists
References
External links
Laurence A. Rickels ] Profile at European Graduate School , Department of Media & Communications
Profile by UCSB Department of Germanic , Slavic and Semitic Studies ]
Profile by the Fine Arts Academy of Karlsruhe
Living people
American psychotherapists
American literary theorists
University of California , Santa Barbara faculty
European Graduate School faculty
1954 births
People from Cherokee , Iowa
George Mann Niedecken ( August 16 , 1878 – November 3 , 1945 ) was an American prairie style furniture designer and interior architect from Milwaukee , Wisconsin . They are best known for their collaboration with the architect Frank Lloyd Wright . They also designed interiors for Marion Mahony Griffin who was one of the first female architects .
Early life
Niedecken was born August 16 , 1878 , in Milwaukee . At twelve years old they attended the Wisconsin Art Institute , and they studied under artist Richard Lorenz . When they were 19 they moved to Chicago and entered the Art Institute of Chicago . There they were instructed by Louis Millet . From 1899–1902 they studied art in Europe . In 1902 they returned to Milwaukee , Wisconsin where they took a position teaching decorative arts at the Wisconsin School of Arts . Niedecken married Mary ( née ) Thayer on October 2 , 1905 , and their only child died shortly after birth .
Career
Niedecken started an interior-architecture firm in 1907 , called Niedecken-Waldbridge , with their brother-in-law in Milwaukee . They became known for their work in Prairie style buildings . They worked closely with the architect Frank Lloyd Wright ( 1902 and 1918 ) . Niedecken worked on eleven Wright commissions providing interior design with textiles , lighting , furniture and arts . The relationship began in 1902 when they were commissioned by Wright to make a mural for the Dana–Thomas House . They worked on the design for several Chicago area Wright commissions , including the Avery Coonley House , and the Frederick Robie House . The collaboration ended in 1918 when Wright opened an office in Los Angeles , and Niedecken stayed in Milwaukee . In 1999 Cheryl Robertson wrote a book about Niedecken 's work with Wright , Frank Lloyd Wright and George Mann Niedecken : Prairie School collaborators .
They also made interior design for Marion Mahony Griffin 's commissions . Mahony was a close associate of Frank Lloyd Wright along with Niedecken . They designed furniture and murals for the Amberg and Irving houses which were Mahony commissions . Mahony was one of the first licensed female architects in the world , and they are considered an original member of the Prairie School .
In 1999 Wendy Moonan of The New York Times said , `` Flea market aficionados take note : pieces by Niedecken are a new collecting category . '' In 2007 they received a Wisconsin Visual Arts Lifetime Achievement Award .
References
1878 births
1945 deaths
Architects from Milwaukee
Artists from Wisconsin
Frank Lloyd Wright
Prairie School architecture
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
American furniture designers
`` Just a Closer Walk with Thee '' is a traditional gospel song .
Just a Closer Walk with Thee may also refer to :
Just a Closer Walk with Thee ( album ) , an album by Patti Page , 1960
Just a Closer Walk with Thee , an album by The Blackwood Brothers , 1969
Just a Closer Walk with Thee , an album by The Blind Boys of Alabama , 2006
Just a Closer Walk with Thee , an album by Leroy Van Dyke , 1969
Feliks Więcek ( 10 November 1904 – 17 August 1978 ) was a Polish racing cyclist . They won the 1928 edition of the Tour de Pologne .
References
External links
1904 births
1978 deaths
Polish male cyclists
People from Ostrzeszów County
Mete Horozoğlu ( born 11 October 1975 ) is a Turkish actor .
Life and career
Mete Horozoğlu was born in Ankara . Their family were immigrants from Sarajevo who settled in Bursa . They spent their primary and secondary school years in Ankara and Yalova respectively , and later moved to Karamürsel to enroll in high school . In 2001 , they graduated from Anadolu University State Conservatory with a degree in theatre studies . In 2010 , they got their master 's degree in advance acting from Bahçeşehir University .
Between 2001–2003 , they worked at Theatre Anadolu in Eskişehir Anadolu University . After moving to Istanbul , they were cast in various movies and TV series . They worked as a stage actor for Istanbul State Theatre between 2003–2004 , Çığır Sahnesi Oyuncuları between 2004–2005 and Semaver Company between 2005–2007 .
They were first noted by the audience with their role in the Yanık Koza TV series . Their popularity increased with their leading role in the movie Nefes : Vatan Sağolsunas Yüzbaşı Mete , and their breakthrough came with Öyle Bir Geçer Zaman ki , in which they played the role of Soner Talaşoğlu .
Filmography
Television
Film
Voice over
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1975 births
Anadolu University alumni
Turkish male television actors
Turkish male film actors
Turkish male stage actors
Living people
Turkish people of Bosniak descent
Firearms regulation in Finland incorporates the political and regulatory aspects of firearms usage in the country . Both hunting and shooting sports are common hobbies . There are approximately 300,000 people with hunting permits , and 34,000 people belong to sport shooting clubs . Over 1,500 people are licensed weapons collectors . Additionally , many reservists practice their skills using their own semi-automatic rifles and pistols after the military service .
Legal firearms in Finland must be registered and licensed on a per-gun basis . There are approximately 1.5 million registered small firearms in the country . Out of those , 226,000 are short firearms ( pistols , revolvers ) with the rest being long firearms ( rifles , shotguns ) . There are approximately 650,000 people with at least one permit , which means 12 % of Finns own a firearm . Overall , legal gun ownership rate is similar to countries such as Sweden , France , Canada and Germany . Estimates place the number of illegal , unregistered firearms between some tens of thousands and upwards of a million . A large portion of these are thought to be weapons hidden during the aftermath of World War II .
The current Firearms Act of 1998 is a near full rewrite of the earlier , 1933 law . The law was revised to comply with the European Firearms Directive after Finland joined the European Union . Following the school shooting incidents in 2007 and 2008 in which the perpetrators used .22 caliber semi-automatic pistols , legislation regarding short firearms was considerably tightened in 2011 . Nevertheless , no types of firearms are outright banned , and in principle a person can apply for a licence for any type of gun .
Regulation
The ownership and use of firearms is regulated by the Firearms Act of 1998 . A license is always needed for possession of a firearm and all firearms are registered . Firearms may only be carried while they are being used for a specific purpose ( e.g . hunting , shooting at the range ) . When transporting a firearm to or from such activity , the firearm must be unloaded and stored in a case or pouch . The owner of a firearm is responsible for making sure that firearms and ammunition do not end up in unauthorized hands . The exact requirements regarding storage of firearms depends on their type and quantity .
Air guns up to 6.35 mm ( 0.25 inch ) in caliber are not regulated regardless of their muzzle energy . Larger bore air weapons need a permit , unless the person already holds a firearms licence . Bows and crossbows are not regulated items in Finland , while pepper spray is . Suppressors are considered firearm components , but can be used without requiring any separate licensing . Magazine capacity is not restricted nor is there regulation regarding other firearm accessories .
An unlicensed person may use firearms only under direct supervision . Simple unlawful possession of a firearm is punishable by fine or up to two years in prison , although more severe punishments may apply e.g . in the case of fully automatic weapons or when used to commit other crime . However , an unlicensed firearm may always be turned in without repercussions , provided this happens at the initiative of the person in possession of the firearm .
Certain types of ammunition , such as expanding pistol rounds or incendiary rounds , require special authorization ( in addition to a firearms licence ) to purchase . The amount of ammunition a person may possess is not limited by the Firearms Act . However , legislation related to the safe storage of explosive materials does apply . Ordinarily , this means a maximum of 20,000 rounds of ammunition ( including loose primers ) and 2 kg of gunpowder per household , with larger quantities requiring separate storage .
Proposed changes to regulation
Currently , work is underway to streamline the license application process in straightforward cases . An applicant who already has existing permits and has a proven track-record with responsible ownership would be able to apply for further permits more easily .
In 2017 , the EU adopted changes to the Firearms Directive that became known as the `` EU Gun Ban '' . In local implementation , the major change to firearms users will be that self-loading rifle and pistol magazines with a capacity of more than 10 and 20 respectively will become more strictly controlled . Under the new law , they will only be available to sports shooters and reservists , but not hunters . Being knowingly in ( unlicensed ) possession of such a magazine will cause any firearms licenses to be revoked .
Licensing
When applying for a licence to purchase a firearm , the applicant must fill in a form with information such as the type and mode of operation of firearm , and the intended purpose of use ( although one can use any firearm for any legal purpose regardless of the original application , e.g . a range gun for hunting or vice versa ) . According to the law , the firearm must be appropriate for the stated purpose , but evaluating this is largely left to the discretion of the police . For example , while an AR-15 is suitable for practical shooting , the police may consider one inappropriate for hunting .
Valid reasons for obtaining a firearms license are :
The application process includes a check of criminal records , the police interviewing the applicant and in some cases a computer-based personality test or a medical health certificate . Any significant history with violence or other crime , substance abuse or mental health issues will cause the application to be rejected . Membership in a hunting or shooting club or other appropriate organization is considered a positive , though membership can not be legally required as the Constitution of Finland guarantees freedom of association .
If the application is approved , an acquisition permit is mailed to the applicant . A dealer ( or private person ) may only sell a firearm if the buyer has the appropriate paperwork to show . There is no waiting period as such , but in practice processing an application takes a minimum of several days , usually a few weeks . Licences can be valid either until further notice or for a fixed term , which is sometimes the case for a people applying for their first license , and always with the first pistol license . A licence-holder may also borrow other firearms from the same or lesser category ( e.g . a rifle licence is valid for borrowing shotguns and small-caliber rifles , but not pistols ) and purchase ammunition for any firearm they own or is permitted to borrow .
Classification of firearms
For legal purposes , firearms are divided into 13 different types :
A firearm is considered a short firearm if its overall length is at most 600mm , or its barrel length at most 300mm . In any other case the firearm is considered a long firearm .
Firearms are further divided into four modes of operation :
Sub-compact pistols
A pistol is considered sub-compact or a `` pocket gun '' if it fits in a rectangular box of 180 x 130 mm . Special legislation applies to these easily concealed firearms and they are not licensed for sporting purposes . Some common pistols such as Glock 19 fall under this description , and are therefore generally unavailable to e.g . IPSC shooters in Finland .
Specially dangerous firearms
Some types of firearms are considered `` specially dangerous '' . Licences for such firearms can only be granted on a very limited basis and are essentially for recognized collectors and filming purposes only . A firearm is considered specially dangerous if :
its mode of operation is automatic fire
it is a cannon , rocket launcher or comparable weapon system
it is disguised as another object
With the changes to the EU Firearms Directive , rifles with a magazine capacity of more than 10 cartridges and pistols with a magazine capacity of more than 20 cartridges were put into category A , or prohibited weapons . In Finnish nomenclature these firearms were added to the specially dangerous category , which essentially restricts their availability to established practical shooters and those actively participating in reservist activities . The same firearms can be used with lower capacity magazines without being considered specially dangerous .
Short-barreled rifles and carbines
Short-barreled rifles and pistol carbines fall under any other firearm category and , while not restricted by law , are more difficult to get a licence for . The primary concern is again that , being easy to conceal , they are particularly dangerous should they be stolen and fall into criminal hands .
Personal protection and self-defense
In the 1980s and 1990s , roughly 7 % of firearm licenses were granted for the purpose of personal protection . However they have stopped giving licences on that basis , although existing permits remain valid . It is still possible to obtain a licence for pepper spray for the purpose of self-defense if a concrete threat exists . Carrying a firearm licensed for hunting or sporting use outside of that specific activity is not allowed . One can nevertheless legally defend themselves by any means available , including firearms . Any use of force must always be proportional to the threat .
Role in crimes
Between 2010 and 2015 , firearms were used in 15 % of all homicides . In 73 % of these the firearm was illegally possessed by the perpetrator .
The two school shootings in Jokela in 2007 and Kauhajoki in 2008 are by far the worst peacetime mass murders in Finland , with 8 and 10 victims , respectively . In both cases the perpetrator was armed with a .22 rimfire pistol licensed only shortly before . In the case of Pekka-Eric Auvinen , the original application was for a 9 mm pistol , but this was rejected . In the aftermath police were blamed for being too lax in issuing licences , as neither perpetrator had any significant history with sports shooting . Police defended their decision , stating that nothing suspicious had come up with the information available , so there was no reason to reject the application . Legislation was revised in 2011 and now pistol licenses can only be issued following a two-year period of documented , active pistol shooting hobby , and only to persons 20 years old or older .
Role in suicides
In 2013 , firearms ( both legally and illegally held ) were used in 18 % of suicides . Some consider this a problem and would like to see stricter firearms legislation . Others point out that the number of suicides is already steadily going down , while the number of firearms has remained constant .
Military reserve
Military service guns are stored by the Finnish Defence Forces , and are only given out during reservist training or mobilization .
See also
Crime in Finland
References
External links
Firearms Act
Permits and licences for firearms
Finland
Law
Law of Finland
Society of Finland
`` You '' is a song by American singer Jacquees . It is the third single from their debut studio album 4275 ( 2018 ) , appearing as a bonus track . The song also appears on their collaborative EP Lost at Sea 2 ( 2018 ) with American rapper Birdman . The song was produced by London on da Track .
Composition
Karlton Jamal of HotNewHipHop described the song as `` silky smooth '' . The song finds Jacquees confessing their love for a girl .
Music video
A music video for the song was released on November 9 , 2018 . In it , Jacquees ponders on proposing to a woman they love . The woman believes they are cheating , but they attempt to show them that they would rather be with them than anyone else .
Remix
A remix featuring American rapper Blueface was released on January 11 , 2019 . On the remix , Blueface sings in Auto-Tune and `` reflects on taking remedial steps in a relationship '' .
Live performances
Jacquees performed the song at the 2018 Soul Train Music Awards .
Charts
Certifications
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Jacquees songs
Cash Money Records singles
Song recordings produced by London on da Track
Songs written by London on da Track
Plaza de Isabel II may be :
Plaza de Isabel II in Madrid
Plaza de Isabel II ( Santa Cruz de Tenerife )
Plaza de Isabel II ( Albacete )
Jag måste kyssa dig ( I must kiss you ) is the fourth studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Nanne Grönvall , released in March 2007 .
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2007 albums
Nanne Grönvall albums
Arthrobacter halodurans is a Gram-positive , aerobic , halotolerant and non-motile bacterium species from the genus Arthrobacter which has been isolated from seawater from the South China Sea near Naozhou Island , China .
References
Further reading
External links
Type strain of Arthrobacter halodurans at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacteria described in 2012
Micrococcaceae
Jacob Knijff ( January 1 , 1639 , Haarlem – 1681 , London ) , also written Jacob Knyff , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Biography
According to Houbraken they were the teacher of Johannes Gottlieb Glauber in Paris in 1671 , where they attended the funeral of Nicolaes Berchem II on January 4 , 1672 . They were the son of the painter Wouter Knijff and the older brother of painter Leendert Knijff , and is known for painting landscapes and seascapes .
References
External links
1639 births
1681 deaths
Artists from Haarlem
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch landscape painters
Dutch male painters
Dutch marine artists
Losing Our Religion : The Liberal Media 's Attack on Christianity ( 2010 ) is a book-length critique of media bias by author , journalist , and conservative political commentator S. E. Cupp .
Summary
Cupp declares `` the liberal media '' are unreliable , irresponsible , and partisan , and are inciting a `` revolution '' that will destabilize and dilute Christian America . They also declare The New York Times , The Washington Post , CNN , and Newsweek , etc . `` mock , subvert , pervert , corrupt , debase , and extinguish '' the Judeo-Christian ethic and back believers into a dark , irrelevant , morally void corner of American society .
In their book Cupp wrote , according to Newsweek , that :
Secularist media have attempted to portray religious expression as a marginal `` subculture . '' They overreacted to presidential candidate Mike Huckabee 's 2007 Christmas commercial by concentrating on a `` strategically placed '' cross formed by bookshelves in the unfocused background .
Major media outlets did not cover President Barack Obama 's failure to acknowledge the National Day of Prayer .
Newsweek 's review of the bestselling dispensationalist Christian fiction series , Left Behind , said , `` Sociologists tell us that the United States is experiencing a religious revival , but if the bestseller lists are any guide , the revival looks more like a collective leaving of the senses . ''
Film reviews of the Christian-themed Chronicles of Narnia were lukewarm despite it being a box office hit . Reviews for The Golden Compass , which attacks religion in general and the Christian faith in particular , were positive although the movie did not do well at the box office .
Cupp also wrote that the press downplays what they call Obama 's discomfort with religious America , and barely wrote about their covering up of religious imagery in the backdrop when they gave a speech at Georgetown University .
Criticism
Science and religion
The Washington Post asked the National Center for Science Education 's Joshua Rosenau `` to weigh in on Cupp 's scholarship '' on the issue of evolution . They responded by saying that Cupp 's handling of science and religion misrepresents the nature of evolution , obscures the science of biology , and dismisses the deeply held religious views of most Christians outside of the fundamentalist subculture . This is the sort of misrepresentation which Rosenau believes leads them to concoct an anti-Christian conspiracy on the part of reporters , and to say that Darwin is `` quite literally the antichrist '' for liberals .
In a book review in the Washington Times , Steven Livingston claims that Cupp considers science ( especially evolution ) to be the `` enemy '' of religion .
See also
Godless : The Church of Liberalism by Ann Coulter
Slander : Liberal Lies About the American Right by Ann Coulter
References
External links
Discussion with Hannity on Fox News
Newsweek book review ,
Imus appearance ,
2010 non-fiction books
Books critical of modern liberalism in the United States
Books about politics of the United States
2010 in Christianity
Threshold Editions books
Roßleben is a town and a former municipality in the Kyffhäuserkreis district , with a population of 4,885 ( 2017 ) . It is located in Thuringia , Germany . Since 1 January 2019 , it is part of the town Roßleben-Wiehe . It is situated on the river Unstrut , 22 km southeast of Sangerhausen .
Population development
From 1999 with districts
Data source : Statistical office Thuringia
Sons and daughters of the town
Fritz Hofmann , ( 1871-1927 ) , athlete , sprinter , winner of the first medal for Germany at the Olympic Games 1896 in Athens
Hugo Launicke , ( 1909-1975 ) , antifascist and SED politician .
Werner Heine ( born 1935 ) , footballer
Richard Hüttig ( 1908-1934 ) , communist , hanged on June 14 , 1934 in Berlin-Plötzensee
Johannes Steinhoff ( 1913-1994 ) , fighter pilot in the Second World War , general and inspector of the Luftwaffe in the Federal Republic of Germany
References
Towns in Thuringia
Former municipalities in Thuringia
Kyffhäuserkreis
A specific branch of contrast-enhanced ultrasound , acoustic angiography is a minimally invasive and non-ionizing medical imaging technique used to visualize vasculature . Acoustic angiography was first developed by the Dayton Laboratory at North Carolina State University and provides a safe , portable , and inexpensive alternative to the most common methods of angiography such as Magnetic Resonance Angiography and Computed Tomography Angiography . Although ultrasound does not traditionally exhibit the high resolution of MRI or CT , high-frequency ultrasound ( HFU ) achieves relatively high resolution by sacrificing some penetration depth . HFU typically uses waves between 20 and 100 MHz and achieves resolution of 16-80μm at depths of 3-12mm . Although HFU has exhibited adequate resolution to monitor things like tumor growth in the skin layers , on its own it lacks the depth and contrast necessary for imaging blood vessels . Acoustic angiography overcomes the weaknesses of HFU by combining contrast-enhanced ultrasound with the use of a dual-element ultrasound transducer to achieve high resolution visualization of blood vessels at relatively deep penetration levels .
Acoustic angiography is performed by first injecting specially designed microbubbles with a low resonant frequency into the vessels . Next , a low-frequency transducer element with good depth penetration is used to send ultrasound waves into the sample at the resonant frequency of the microbubbles . This will generate a response from the microbubbles consisting of subharmonic , fundamental , and super-harmonic frequencies , as well as a response from the surrounding tissue consisting of only the fundamental and second-harmonic frequencies . Finally , a high-frequency transducer with high resolution is used to measure the super-harmonic frequencies , effectively removing any background signal from the microbubble signal , and allowing the vessels to be visualized
Background
Angiography , or the examination of blood vessels , is essential in many areas of research and clinical practice . In particular , angiography is needed to monitor angiogenesis , which is the growth and development of new blood vessels . Angiogenesis is an essential process which is most often observed in organ growth in fetuses and children , the development of the placenta in adults , and wound healing . However , excessive angiogenesis has been observed in dozens of disorders , including diabetes , endometriosis , autoimmune disease , and asthma . Angiography has been used in the research , diagnosis , and treatment of many of these disorders . Perhaps the most important application of angiography for monitoring angiogenesis is in tumor growth . Tumors can exist for months or even years in a non-angiogeneic stage of development and only begin rapid growth once the angiogenic phenotype is expressed . Thus , angiogenesis has become a target for certain cancer therapies . Some therapies aim to promote organized development of blood vessels in tumor regions , which allows for more homogenous and effective distribution of chemotherapy . Other methods aim to block the start or progression of angiogenesis altogether . In both cases , angiography is essential for measuring the growth , recession , or shape of blood vessels in-vivo over time during these treatments and related research
Currently , the most common techniques used for angiography are X-ray CT and MRI . However , many other methods are used for performing angiography in special circumstances , such as the use of optical coherence tomography for performing angiography during retinal exams . MRI angiography provides the highest resolution of the current angiographic methods and can often be performed without the use of contrast agents by modifying the pulse sequence to visualize aspects of the vessels such as blood flow . On the other hand , x-ray CT angiography requires the use of a contrast agent , but still maintains relatively high resolution . Despite the high quality images produced by both of these techniques , there remain significant drawbacks . Both are relatively slow and require expensive equipment , while x-ray CT also exposes patients to potentially harmful ionizing radiation . Thus , there is still a need for an inexpensive , portable , and safe candidate for angiography . Acoustic angiography is able to fill this need . By using microbubbles as a contrast agent and a dual-element transducer for signal identification , acoustic angiography achieves depth , vessel contrast , and resolution is not possible with other ultrasound techniques .
Ultrasound contrast agents
Ultrasound contrast agents are particles used in ultrasound scans to improve image contrast . The first reported use of an ultrasound contrast agent was by Dr. Raymond Gramiak and Pravin Shah in 1968 , when they injected saline into the aortic root of the heart and observed increased contrast . They hypothesized that the increase in contrast was a result of `` mini bubbles produced by the rapid injection rate or possibly included in the contrast medium '' . Although most ultrasound contrast agents take the form of microbubbles , other types exist , such as perfluorocarbon nanoparticles or echogenic liposomes .
Components
Microbubble contrast agents generally have three main components :
Inner Gas : The gas inside the microbubble is generally air or a perfluorocarbon .
Lipid Shell : This shell serves to enclose the gas within it and is always made of lipids due to their hydrophobic property
Ligands : In the case of actively targeted microbubbles , ligands are attached to the outer surface of the lipid shell . These ligands are specific to membrane receptors in the body , and can be used to target certain physiological processes ( such as inflammation ) or organs . In the case of passively targeted microbubbles , no ligands are attached to the outer shell , and instead the microbubbles rely on factors such as surface charge in order to adhere to the endothelium .
Mechanism of contrast
Microbubbles work as contrast agents in ultrasound for two main reasons : The large difference in acoustic impedance between body tissues and the microbubbles and their quality of having a resonant frequency generally under 10 MHz . Due to the larger mismatch in acoustic impedances , the microbubbles are near-perfect reflectors of ultrasound waves in the body . This allows them to be point-sources of acoustic waves . Furthermore , at their resonant frequency , the microbubbles have a relatively large-magnitude broadband frequency response , which is picked up by the ultrasound transducer .
Microbubble signal identification
In classical contrast-enhanced ultrasound , many methods exist for separating signal reflected by the microbubbles and signal reflected by surrounding body tissues . Most of these methods utilize the subharmonic and super harmonic response of the microbubbles , as well as the microbubbles nonlinear response to ultrasound waves , as opposed to body tissues linear response to ultrasound waves . Some of the more common filtering methods are listed below .
Subharmonic filtering : This works by filtering out all signals but the subharmonic signals . Since tissue generally does not have a subharmonic response , only the microbubble signal remains . However , since this filters for the low-frequency signals , the resolution is slightly degraded as spatial resolution in ultrasound is dependent on the acoustic frequency .
Super harmonic filtering : Similar to subharmonic filtering , this works by filtering all but the super harmonic frequencies , which are mostly emitted by the microbubbles and not surrounding tissue . Unlike subharmonic filtering , the resolution is actually improved since only the high-frequency response is received . However , most clinical transducers do not have the wide bandwidth necessary to be able to accomplish this .
Phase inversion : This filtering method utilizes the characteristically nonlinear response of the microbubbles to ultrasound waves . Here , nonlinear response means that the phase and magnitude of the acoustic wave reflected by the microbubble do not have a linear relationship with the phase and magnitude of the excitatory acoustic wave . In this method , two pulses with opposite phase are emitted by the transducer . The linear response of tissue will cause mostly destructive interference of the opposite-phased waves , while the nonlinear response of microbubbles will allow some signal to pass through .
With the creation of a dual-element transducer , these filtering methods are no longer critical . This is what distinguishes acoustic angiography from the more generic contrast-enhanced ultrasound . An element centered at a low frequency serves to excite the microbubbles at their resonant frequency , while an element centered at a high frequency receives the super harmonic response of the microbubbles . Since the tissue is excited by the low frequency input and does not produce a high frequency response , the only response received by the dual-element transducer is that originating from the microbubbles . Thus , little to no signal processing is necessary to remove tissue signal from the acquired data .
Because the inner element is received only while the outer element is transmitted only , special materials can be chosen to optimize the efficiency and sensitivity of this process . Lead Zirconate Titanate ( PZT ) works well as a material choice for the transmitting element because it has a high transmitting constant ( d = 300 x 10^-12 m/V ) while Polyvinylidene Fluoride ( PVDF ) works well as a material for the receiving element because it has a high receiving constant ( g = 14 x 10^-2 Vm/N ) . Generally , PVDF is not a good choice for an ultrasound transducer because it has a relatively poor transmitting constant , however , since acoustic angiography separates the transmitting and receiving elements , this is no longer an issue .
Image formation
Data acquisition
As acoustic angiography uses a dual-element ultrasonic transducer in the format of a focused ultrasound probe , it is not feasible to form an array of transducers as can be done in other forms of ultrasound imagining . Thus acoustic angiography images are formed by combining multiple a-mode images where each a-mode is a one-dimensional image identifying the acoustic boundaries along a vector originating at the transducer .
In order to form two or three dimensional images , the position and angle of the transducer and the resulting a-mode image must be mechanically mechanically manipulated . Two common configurations used to acquire these a-mode images include the wobbler configuration and mechanical sweep configuration .
In the wobbler configuration , the probe is rotated back and forth about a central axis in one plane so that the a-scans are radially oriented and the field of view , or region that is able to be imaged , is a cone . This allows for very quick acquisition of a-scans , but has nonhomogeneous resolution as the distance between each point on neighboring a-scans increases with depth .
In the linear sweep configuration , the ultrasound probe is mechanically moved , either by an external mechanism or hand , in a direction orthogonal to the direction of the a-scan . This configuration allows relatively consistent resolution as a function of depth as each point on neighboring a-scans is equidistant .
Once data has been collected as described above , it can be processed to form a variety of image types including projections and volumetric reconstruction .
Projection
Projection images in ultrasound are similar in concept to projection radiography . However , instead of projecting the degree of absorbance of X-ray photons along a given path , projection images in ultrasound generally project the mismatch of acoustic impedance and the location along a given boundary in tissue .
Maximum amplitude projection
The maximum amplitude projection or the maximum intensity projection is an image processing technique used to project three dimensional data onto a two dimensional image . This is a valuable tool as it allows the complex data to be formed into more readily understandable images that include the perception of depth .
In many forms of ultrasound imaging and photoacoustic imaging , the maximum amplitude of the signal along a given a-scan is used as the value for a pixel associated with that a-scan . As acoustic wave experience distance-dependent acoustic attenuation , the amplitude of a given signal along a given a-scan also encodes the distance to the object that generated that signal .
This simple image reconstruction technique allows for easily formed and interpretable projection images formed from acoustic signals .
Volumetric renderings
Volumetric renderings convert volumetric data into projection images . Most methods use data acquired in lower dimensions to generate voxels , volumetric pixels , that can form 3D images when combined .
Volumetric reconstruction
Volume reconstruction techniques are used to convert multiple multiple 1D or 2D images into 3D volumes . Common volume reconstruction techniques include pixel-nearest-neighbors , voxel-nearest-neighbors , distance-weighted voxels , and function based methods used to statistically infer the value of a given voxel .
Applications
As acoustic angiography is currently under development , this specific branch of contrast-enhanced ultrasound is not currently used in clinical settings . The majority of the previous work using acoustic angiography has studied angiogenesis in animal models for research purposes .
Though the FDA has only approved contrast-enhanced ultrasound use in one clinical application in the United States , echocardiography , the broader technique has been used throughout Europe and Asia to great success in a variety of clinical applications . To learn more , see the current applications of contrast enhanced ultrasound .
Currently investigated clinical uses
The only use of acoustic angiography that has been investigated in clinical settings to date studied angiogenesis in the peripheral vasculature of human breast tissue . This study investigated if acoustic angiography could be used to reduce the need for biopsy of breast tissue when diagnosing if lesions in breast tissue were cancerous or not .
Using acoustic angiography , the authors collected and reconstructed the 3D volumes associated with vasculature surrounding lesions in the breast . These reconstructed volumes were then analyzed for vascular density and tortuosity . This information is useful for diagnosis as it has been shown that when these two factors increase in the vasculature surrounding a lesion , there is an increased risk that the lesion is cancerous .
References
Acoustics
Medical ultrasonography
The 1991 season was the 61st season of competitive football in Ukraine which was an union republic within the Soviet Union . Teams from Ukraine competed in two types of competitions All-Union and republican .
Domestic leagues
Men
Soviet Top League
Six Ukrainian teams ( Chornomorets Odesa , Dynamo Kyiv , Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk , Shakhtar Donetsk , Metalurh Zaporizhia , and Metalist Kharkiv ) play in this league , which also contains six teams from the Russian SFSR and four more from other union republics .
Overall standings
Soviet First League
Two Ukrainian teams ( Bukovyna Chernivtsi and Tavriya Simferopol ) play in this league , which also contains 11 teams from the Russian SFSR and nine more teams from other union republics .
Overall standings
Soviet Second League
Eleven Ukrainian teams ( Karpaty Lviv , Zorya Luhansk , Nyva Ternopil , Nyva Vinnytsia , Torpedo Zaporizhzhia , Volyn Lutsk , SKA Odesa , Kremin Kreminchuk , Sudnobudivnyk Mykolaiv , FC Halychyna Drohobych , and Vorskla Poltava ) play in this league and all in the west zone of the league . Beside Ukrainian teams in the west zone competed 11 other teams from various union republics . In whole there are three zones West , Center , and East .
Zone West
Soviet Lower Second League
26 teams play in this league , all of which are based in Ukraine .
Zone 1
Ukrainian championship among KFK
94 teams play in this league , all of which are based in Ukraine .
Women
Soviet Top League
Six Ukrainian teams ( Arena Kyiv , Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk , Lehenda Chernihiv , Luhanochka Luhansk , Nyva-Olimp Kyiv and Dynamo Kyiv ) play in this league , which also contains nine teams from the Russian SFSR and nine more teams from other union republics .
Overall standings
NB : total goal difference -3
Play-off ( in Sevastopol )
Soviet First League
Eight Ukrainian teams ( Luys Simferopol , Bukovynka Chernivtsi , Chornomorochka Odesa , Svitlana Dnipropetrovsk , Nika Zaporizhia , ZSU Zaporizhia , Radosin Kyiv , and Debiut-88 Kharkiv play in this league , which also contains 18 teams from the Russian SFSR and six more teams from other union republics .
Soviet Second League
Six Ukrainian teams ( Elehiya Bobrovytsia , Atlanta Sevastopol , Yunist-Helios Luhansk , Mriya Kirovohrad , Azovchanka Mariupol , and Soyuz Kharkiv ) , which also contains 8 teams from the Russian SFSR and four more teams from other union republics .
NB : total goal difference -2
Kaluzhanka Kaluga – withdrew
Domestic cups
Men
Soviet Cup
The last Ukrainian team Chornomorets Odesa was eliminated in quarterfinals . Since semifinals for the Soviet Cup played three Russian teams and Ararat Yerevan .
All Ukrainian teams withdrew the competition at quarterfinals due to dissolution of the Soviet Union . Since semifinals for the Soviet Cup played three Russian teams and Pamir Dushanbe .
Cup of the Ukrainian SSR
The Cup of the Ukrainian SSR is a two-legged home-and-away series played among the Second League Ukrainian teams .
Temp won 3–2 on aggregate
Ukrainian Cup among KFK
The Ukrainian Cup among KFK is a republican cup contested among collectives of physical culture ( CPhC or KFK ) which in the Soviet Union had an amateur status compared to teams of masters which served as an official term for professional teams . Since 1989 the competition was not conducted .
Women
Soviet Cup
The Soviet is a domestic cup contested by women 's teams at the top division . Two last Ukrainian teams were eliminated at quarterfinals ( Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk and Lehenda Chernihiv ) .
Ukrainian clubs in international competition
1990–91 European competitions
FC Dynamo Kyiv eliminated from the European competitions .
1991–92 European competitions
Dynamo Kyiv won 4–0 on aggregate .
Dynamo Kyiv won 2–1 on aggregate . Dynamo Kyiv qualified for the Group stage .
End of calendar year standing
Notes
References
External links
Ukrainian Association of Football
Seasons in Ukrainian football
The Richard M. Flynn Power Plant is a power plant in Holtsville , in Suffolk County , on Long Island , in New York , United States . It is operated by the New York Power Authority ( NYPA ) .
Overview
The power plant is a combined cycle power plant containing a Siemens V84.2 gas turbune . It has a nameplate capacity of 164 MW and is operated by the New York Power Authority . It is the ninth largest power generation facility on Long Island by nameplate capacity , and the fifth largest in net energy generated with 564.0 GWh generated in 2020 . The electricity generated at the plant is distributed across Long Island via the Long Island Power Authority 's electrical transmission network .
The plant is named after Richard M. Flynn , who had served as a chairperson of the New York Power Authority .
History
The plant was the result of a rule change in New York State that required investor-owned utilities to competitively solicit bids on new power generation to lower costs . In 1990 , the Long Island Lighting Company ( LILCO ) requested bids to provide 150 MW of power that would be available by 1994 , the second such competition in New York . The New York Power Authority emerged as the winner in part due to its advance purchase of the natural gas to run the plant . Its approval was delayed to examine a competing proposal to convert the built but unused Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant into a natural gas plant . The NYPA plant was built on LILCO property in Holtsville adjacent to an existing gas turbine facility . It began operating on schedule in May 1994 and was the first plant completed under the competitive bidding system .
See also
List of power stations in New York
References
Buildings and structures in Suffolk County , New York
Energy infrastructure on Long Island , New York
The Cidade de Guimarães Trophy is a soccer tournament played in the pre-season , hosted by Vitória de Guimarães .
Tournaments
2007
2008
The 2008 competition took place between 1 August and 3 August 2008 and featured Vitória de Guimarães , Benfica and Paris Saint-Germain . Benfica won in the final match against Vitória de Guimarães .
2009
The 2009 competition took place between 31 July and 2 August 2009 and featured Vitória de Guimarães , Benfica and Portsmouth . Benfica won in the final match against Vitória de Guimarães .
2010
The 2010 competition took place between 17 July and 19 July , and featured Vitória de Guimarães , Benfica and Groningen . Benfica won in the final match against Vitória de Guimarães .
2016
2017
Number of wins
References
Sport in Guimarães
Portuguese football friendly trophies
Tilden is a surname of English origin . Spelling variants include Tildon , Tileden , Tillden , and Tylden . The name may refer to :
Barbara Tilden ( born 1955 ) , New Zealand field hockey player
Bill Tilden ( 1893–1953 ) , American tennis player
Brad Tilden ( born 1961 ) , American business person
Charles Lee Tilden ( 1857–1950 ) , American lawyer and business person
Charles Lee Tilden , Jr. ( 1894–1968 ) , American rugby player
Charles William Tilden ( 1832-1914 ) , Col 16th Maine Volunteer Infantry at Gettysburg
Daniel R. Tilden ( 1804–1890 ) , American politician
Douglas Tilden ( 1861–1935 ) , American sculptor
Freeman Tilden ( 1883–1980 ) , American preservationist
George Thomas Tilden ( 1845–1919 ) , American architect
Geraldine Tilden , American curler
Guy Tilden ( 1858–1929 ) , American architect
Jane Tilden ( 1910–2002 ) , Austrian actor
John Henry Tilden ( 1851-1940 ) , American physician
Josephine Tilden ( 1869–1957 ) , American scientist
Leif Tilden ( born 1964 ) , American actor
Mark Tilden ( born 1961 ) , Canadian robotics physicist
Philip Tilden ( 1887–1956 ) , British architect
Samuel J. Tilden ( 1814–1886 ) , American politician and candidate in the highly contested 1876 Presidential election
Samuel Tilden Norton ( 1877–1959 ) , American architect
William A. Tilden ( 1842–1926 ) , British chemist
See also
Tilden ( disambiguation )
Tylden ( disambiguation )
Surnames
Randy Griffin ( born June 7 , 1976 ) is a professional boxer . While best known as a middleweight , they began as a light heavyweight and worked their way down in weight class . Griffin unsuccessfully challenged for the WBA Middleweight title on October 20 , 2007 , managing a draw against defending champion Felix Sturm , but losing against them July 5 , 2008 .
As an amateur Griffin was the 1997 and 1999 Pennsylvania State Golden Gloves champion . They also competed in the 1998 Goodwill Games , in the 75 kg weight class , losing to Jean-Paul Mendy of France in the quarterfinals .
References
Boxers from Philadelphia
Middleweight boxers
Living people
1976 births
American male boxers
Competitors at the 1998 Goodwill Games
The Passenger ( ) is a 2005 French drama film directed by Éric Caravaca .
Cast
Éric Caravaca - Thomas
Julie Depardieu - Jeanne
Vincent Rottiers - Lucas
Maurice Bénichou - Joseph
Maurice Garrel - Gilbert
Nathalie Richard - Suzanne
- Richard
- Richard jeune
References
External links
2005 drama films
2005 films
French drama films
2000s French films
The Asian golden weaver ( Ploceus hypoxanthus ) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae .
It is found in Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Myanmar , Thailand , and Vietnam .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , swamps , and arable land .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
Historical background
The Asian Golden Weaver was initially named and discovered by Anders Erikson Sparrman , a Swedish naturalist . Although Sparrman sailed around the world with James Cook , starting from Cape Town , on Cook 's second expedition to the Pacific ( 1772–1775 ) , they did not visit islands as far north as Sumatra . After the voyage Sparrman returned to Cape Town in July 1775 and practiced medicine . In 1776 they returned to Sweden and published a Catalogue of the Museum Carlsonianum ( 1786–89 ) , in which they described many of the specimens they had collected in South Africa and the South Pacific , some of which were new to science . As a result , they wrote a Latin description of the Asian Golden Weaver .
Description
The breeding male is generally bright yellow with a black mask ( diagnostic in Asia ) . Females , non-breeding males and young birds are dull coloured and difficult to distinguish from the Baya Weaver , with their thicker bills being the only thing that sets them apart . In general , Asian golden weavers are considered medium-sized birds with yellow and black upperparts , along with yellow underparts . They possess a black face , yellow crown , a strong black bill , and have an average length of 22 centimeters .
Distribution
There are two distinct subspecies of the Asian golden weaver , and these include the P. h. hypoxanthus , found in Indonesia : eastern Sumatra and western Java , and the P. h. hymenaicus , found in Myanmar ( including Tenasserim ) , Thailand , Laos , Cambodia and southern Vietnam This subspecies has the feathers of the mantle fringed with a more greenish yellow , and has the upper breast more strongly suffused with raw sienna .
The Asian Golden Weaver was formerly more ordinary in the areas of Java and Sumatra , but it is now localized and considered rare in today 's age . Its population is showing a continued decline throughout its range as wetlands are converted to agriculture . There is also direct persecution and capture of these weavers for the bird trade , and colonies are often robbed and destroyed by people . The oldest bird is 11 years of age .
Behavior and ecology
Asian golden weavers are primarily presumed residents , meaning they are often found in their most comfortable locations . The most common habitats of the Asian golden weaver would include the lowlands , usually those with a close proximity to water ; some of these areas would involve marshes , rice paddies , flooded grasslands , and swamps . In addition , this weaver feeds mainly on seeds , and during breeding , insects usually account for only 7 % of their diet .
While this weaver is not threatened on a global scale , it still possesses a conservation status of Near Threatened , due primarily to a moderate population decline .
Breeding and nesting
It is widely believed that the Asian Golden Weaver is monogamous , with some rare cases of polygamy . It breeds in small colonies , and the nest is initially created by the male , and completed with assistance of the female . The nest is a rounded structure with a side entrance , and woven from thin strips of grass or palm leaves . Nests are firmly attached to vegetation over water or very swampy ground , often less than 1m above the surface , usually in reeds or bulrushes . Sometimes nests are placed in trees or shrubs , and then higher than 2 m above the ground . There are several records of nests built close to hornet nests or near biting ants .
The average clutch size ranges from two to three eggs , and these eggs often have a greyish-white color . While being grown , the eggs can also grow to an average size of 188 mm by 13.5 mm . Incubation is done by the female only , and upon hatching , the chicks are fed mainly by the female , with occasional assistance by the male .
References
External links and Sources
https : //www.hbw.com/species/asian-golden-weaver-ploceus-hypoxanthus # Habitat
Asian golden weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch .
Handbook for Asian Golden Weavers
Asian Golden Weaver Factsheet
Asian Golden Weaver Ecology Studies
Asian golden weaver
Birds of Southeast Asia
Asian golden weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Theodorias ( from ) can refer to :
Theodorias ( province ) , Byzantine province in Syria , established in 528 and named after the Byzantine empress Theodora .
Olbia , Libya a town in Cyrenaica refounded by and named after the Byzantine empress Theodora .
Vaga , an ancient city in Tunisia now called Béja , it was also named Theodorias during the Byzantine rule .
Grant Patterson ( born 19 May 1989 ) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer . At the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics , their second games , they won a silver and bronze medal .
Personal
Patterson was born on 19 May 1989 and is from Cairns , Queensland . They attended Redlynch State College , a state school in Redlynch . Patterson has Diastrophic dysplasia , a joint fusion disability connected to dwarfism . Other sports they compete in include Australian rules football , cricket and ice hockey .
Patterson owes their nickname , `` Scooter '' , to the non-motorised scooter which they use to move around , including up to the edge of the pool during competitions .
Swimming
Patterson is an S3 classified swimmer . They are coached by Herbie Howard .
Patterson started competitive swimming in 2007 . At the 2009 Australian Open , they came in first in the 100m backstroke event . They first represented Australia in 2009 at the Arafura Games where they won two gold medals and one bronze medal . At 2010 Berlin International Championships , they earned two gold medals and one silver medal . Competing at the 2011 Australian National Championships , they set a world record in the 100m backstroke event . They were a member of the Australian team competing at the 2010 IPC Swimming World Championships in Eindhoven , Netherlands . At the 2011 Para Pan Pacific Championships , they earned seven medals . They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming . They did not medal at the 2012 Games .
At the 2013 IPC Swimming World Championships in Montreal , Canada , Patterson won a silver medal in the Men 's 150 m Individual Medley S3 and two bronze medals in the Men 's 50 m Freestyle S3 and Men 's 100 m Freestyle S3 .
Competing at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships in Glasgow , Scotland , Patterson won a silver medal in the Men 's 150m Individual Medley S3 . They finished fifth in the Men 's 200m Freestyle S3 and Men 's 50m Breaststroke SB2 , sixth in the Men 's 50m Freestyle S3 and Men 's 50m Backstroke S3 and seventh in the Mixed 4x50m Freestyle Relay 20pts .
At the 2019 World Para Swimming Championships , London , Patterson won the silver medal in the Men 's 50 m Breaststroke SB2 and bronze medal in the Men 's 150 m Individual Medley SM3 .
At the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics , they won the silver medal in the Men 's 50 m breaststroke SB2 with a time of 1:01.79 , two-and-a-half seconds behind the gold medal winner , José Arnulfo Castorena of Mexico . Patterson also a bronze medal in the Men 's 150 m individual medley SM3 with a time of 3:05.57 . They competed in three other events but did not qualify for their finals .
At the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships , Madeira . Patterson won two medals - silver in the Men 's 50 m Breaststroke SB2 and bronze in the Men 's 150 m Individual Medley SM3 . Patterson did not medal in four other events .
Recognition
2014 – Swimming Australia Paralympic Program Swimmer of the Year
2021 - Keys to the City of Cairns in recognition to performances at the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics .
2021 - Swimming Australia Awards Swimmers ' Swimmer with Ben Popham
References
External links
Swimming Australia Profile and Results
1989 births
Living people
People from Cairns
Male Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic medalists in swimming
Paralympic silver medalists for Australia
Paralympic bronze medalists for Australia
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Australian male freestyle swimmers
Australian male breaststroke swimmers
Australian male medley swimmers
S3-classified Paralympic swimmers
The Ministry of Justice ( ) is a government ministry office of the Republic of Tunisia , responsible for justice affairs .
Leïla Jaffel has served as minister since 11 October 2021 .
List of ministers
1956–1958 : Ahmed Mestiri
1958–1966 : Hédi Khefacha
1966–1969 : Mongi Slim
1969–1970 : Mohamed Snoussi
1970 : Habib Bourguiba , Jr .
1970–1971 : Mohamed Fitouri
1971–1973 : Mohamed Bellalouna
1973–1980 : Slaheddine Baly
1980–1984 : Mohamed Chaker
1984–1986 : Ridha Ben Ali
1986–1988 : Mohamed Salah Ayari
1988 : Slaheddine Baly
1988–1989 : Hamed Karoui
1989–1990 : Mustapha Bouaziz
1990–1991 : Chédli Neffati
1991–1992 : Abderrahim Zouari
1992–1997 : Sadok Chaabane
1997–1999 : Abdallah Kallel
1999–2010 : Bechir Tekkari
2010–2011 : Lazhar Bououni
2011 : Lazhar Karoui Chebbi
2011–2013 : Noureddine Bhiri
2013–2014 : Nadhir Ben Ammou
2014–2015 : Hafedh Ben Salah
2015 : Mohamed Salah Ben Aïssa
2015–2016 : Farhat Horchani
2016 : Bingo Dimplepants
2016 : Omar Mansour
2021– : Leïla Jaffel
References
Justice
Tunisia
Wonfurt is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany .
Mayors
Since 2013 Holger Baunacher ( CSU/Dampfacher Liste/Steinsfelder Liste ) is the mayor of Wonfurt . Their predecessor was Dieter Zehendner ( CSU ) .
References
Haßberge ( district )
David Ian Chalk ( born 1963 ) is a Canadian technology entrepreneur , cybersecurity specialist , and media personality who hosted the syndicated Dave Chalk 's Computer Show , and its subsequent incarnations Dave Chalk Computer Life , Dave Chalk Connected Live , Dave Chalk Connected , and Dave Chalk Connected ( In-flight ) .
Early life
Chalk was born in Croydon , England in September 1963 and relocated with their family to British Columbia , Canada . They had dyslexia , face blindness , and other conditions they acquired from brain damage at birth .
Education
Chalk completed high school , but did not finish their university degree .
Chalk was granted an Honorary Doctorate of Technology by the University of the Fraser Valley 's Alumni Association board . ''
Career highlights
Chalk established the longest-running technology show in Canada ( `` Dave Chalk 's Computer Show '' ) ,
This achievement has now been superseded by Andy Baryer , of `` GetConnected '' which is currently Canada 's longest-running technology show , running for 26 seasons .
References
Canadian television hosts
Canadian radio personalities
Living people
People from Croydon
Canadian businesspeople
BlackBerry Limited people
1963 births
People with dyslexia
The yellow-bellied prinia ( Prinia flaviventris ) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae .
It is found in Pakistan , the southern Himalayan foothills , the northeastern Indian subcontinent , and Southeast Asia .
Gallery
References
yellow-bellied prinia
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Southeast Asia
yellow-bellied prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Michael Bochow ( born 26 March 1948 ) is a German sociologist who has authored a number of empirical studies of German gay men with a particular focus on the impact of HIV/AIDS .
After completing their schooling in Lower Saxony , Bochow moved to Berlin , where they studied sociology and political science . After earning their Ph.D. , they were employed as a sociologist at the Free University .
Beginning in 1987 , Bochow distributed the first of what developed into a series of questionnaires concerning the behavior of homosexual men , surveying sex practices ( both safe and risky ) as well as the awareness of HIV , AIDS , and prevention among men who have sex with men . These studies , which were supplemented by interviews , were initially commissioned by the Deutsche AIDS-Hilfe , the national umbrella organization of over 100 local agencies offering education and providing services to people with HIV infections , and subsequently by the federal agency for health education .
Bochow has also investigated Germany 's Turkish minority , particularly men who have sex with men . They have also authored studies of older gay men , of gay men who live outside of big cities , of lower-class gay men , and of social differences between gay men in western and eastern Germany .
Works
AIDS . Wie leben schwule Männer heute ? Bericht über eine Befragung im Auftrag der Deutschen AIDS-Hilfe . Berlin : Deutsche AIDS-Hilfe e.V. , 2nd ed . 1989 . 123 pp .
AIDS und Schwule . Individuelle Strategien und kollektive Bewältigung . Bericht über die zweite Befragung im Auftrag der Deutschen AIDS-Hilfe e.V . Berlin : Deutsche AIDS-Hilfe e.V. , 1989 . 119 pp .
Schwuler Sex und die Bedrohung durch AIDS . Die Reaktionen homosexueller Männer auf AIDS in Ost- und Westdeutschland . Ergebnisbericht zu einer Befragung im Auftrag der Bundeszentrale für Gesundheitliche Aufklärung / Köln . Berlin : Deutsche AIDS-Hilfe e.V. , 1994 . 173 pp .
Informationsstand und präventive Vorkehrungen im Hinblick auf AIDS bei homosexuellen Männern der Unterschicht . Berlin : Deutsche AIDS-Hilfe e.V. , 1997 . 125 pp .
Schwules Leben in der Provinz : zum Beispiel Niedersachsen . Berlin : Edition Sigma , 1998 . 195 pp .
Das kürzere Ende des Regenbogens . HIV-Infektionsrisiken und soziale Ungleichheit bei schwulen Männern . Berlin : Edition Sigma , 2000 . 342 pp .
Schwule Männer , AIDS und Safer Sex - neue Entwicklungen . Eine Befragung im Auftrag der Bundeszentrale für gesundheitliche Aufklärung , Köln . Berlin : Intersofia and Deutsche AIDS-Hilfe , 2001 . 143 pp . With English summary .
Homosexualität und Islam . Koran - Islamische Länder - Situation in Deutschland . Michael Bochow and Rainer Marbach , eds . Hamburg : MännerschwarmSkript Verlag , 2003 . 159 pp .
Muslime unter dem Regenbogen . Homosexualität , Migration und Islam . Berlin : Querverlag , 2004 . 270 pp .
Schwule Männer und AIDS . Risikomanagement in Zeiten der sozialen Normalisierung einer Infektionskrankheit . Eine Befragung im Auftrag der Bundeszentrale für gesundheitliche Aufklärung , Köln . By Christine Höpfner , Holger Sweers , Michael Bochow , and Michael T. Wright . Berlin : Deutsche AIDS-Hilfe , 2004 . 190 pp . With English summary .
Ich bin doch schwul und will das immer bleiben . Schwule Männer im Dritten Lebensalter . Hamburg : MännerschwarmSkript Verlag , 2005 . 369 pp .
References
External links
Biography by Männerschwarm
Article over Bochow in Siegessäule
LGBT writers from Germany
German sociologists
Living people
1948 births
German non-fiction writers
LGBT scientists from Germany
German male non-fiction writers
Jean Roule is the main fictional character in Octave Mirbeau 's proletarian tragedy , Les Mauvais Bergers ( The Bad Shepherds ) ( 1897 ) . During the first performance , Lucien Guitry played the role of Jean Roule .
A militant anarchist
As suggested by the name they adopt symbolically , Jean Roule is a rouleur , that is a proleterian with no attachments , who slogs away whenever they find work , but does not put down roots . They are also a militant libertarian , who , wherever they go , tries to raise the consciousness of their brothers in misery , the workers , often too exhausted from their work and too fatalistic to actively involve themselves in the struggle to change their status as slaves , for example , the elder Thieux who , at the beginning of the play , has lost their wife , worn out and destroyed by their work .
This is what Jean Roule does upon their arrival at the Hargand factory , from which infernal smoke ascends , and more specifically , by converting to their ideal the young Madeleine , Thieux 's daughter , who reacts with sensitivity to their sincerity , their solidarity with the miners , and their charisma . They end up persuading their co-workers to stage a strike , in hopes of achieving through their struggle , not only tangible improvements to salaries , working conditions , and workplace safety , but also the right to culture and beauty .
Unfortunately , the boss Hargand proves inflexible , hunger grips the strikers , and Jean Roule makes the mistake of refusing help offered by socialist deputies , who are no more in their eyes than mauvais bergers ( bad sheperds ) desiring only to `` maintain and increase their electoral power '' . Jean Roule then risks being lynched by members of the angry crowd , who blame them for the failure of their struggle , but they are saved by the intervention of Madeleine . When armed soldiers , called on by Hargand , fire on the unarmed crowd , however , Jean Roule is killed , and Madeleine , pregnant and wounded , dies , collapsing on their cadavre ; Jean Roule 's child , who could have embodied hope for a future emancipation of the workers , dies with its mother .
Octave Mirbeau , who was also an anarchist , shared the claims put forward by Jean Roule and they admired their energy , their determination and their sacrifice . But they nevertheless considered them to be yet another mauvais berger because , through their instransigeance and refusal of all compromise , they lead the workers to their deaths .
References
External links
Pierre Michel , Les Mauvais bergers , Foreword .
Carolyn Snipes-Hoyt , « Apocalypse fin de siècle dans Les Mauvais bergers , d'Octave Mirbeau » , Cahiers Octave Mirbeau , n° 18 , 2011 , pp . 85–102 .
Octave Mirbeau characters
Fictional French people
Fictional French people in literature
Literary characters introduced in 1897
The Partnership for Observation of the Global Ocean ( POGO ) , which was founded in 1999 , is a consortium of major oceanographic institutions around the world , represented by their Directors . POGO 's goal is to promote global operational oceanography , the implementation of a Global Ocean Observing System , and the importance of ocean observations for society . In 2020 , POGO had 51 Members . The current Chairman ( 2019-2022 ) is Prof. Nick Owens ( Scottish Association for Marine Science , UK ) .
It is supported from annual dues subscribed by the members , as well as by grants from charitable foundations . The funds to explore the value of , and then establish , POGO were provided by the Alfred P. Sloan and Richard Lounsbery foundations .
POGO provides a forum ( at the annual meetings and intersessionally ) for Members to meet with their peers , and with senior officials of partner organisations , to discuss issues of mutual concern . As a means to ease the shortage in trained observers of the ocean in developing countries , It has developed a suite of programmes in capacity building , and works with relevant partner organisations in the marine field SCOR , IOC , GOOS , GEO ) . It engages in outreach activities to the general public , for example by having exhibits at international events such as World Expo ( 2012 ) , UNFCCC COP Meetings and AGU-ASLO-TOS Ocean Sciences Meetings Expo 2012 Yeosu Korea .
History
In March 1999 , the Directors of Scripps Institution of Oceanography , Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , and the Southampton Oceanography Centre in the UK , convened a planning meeting in the headquarters of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of the United Nations Education , Science and Culture Organisation ( IOC-UNESCO ) in Paris . This meeting confirmed the value of creating a new partnership and defined the initial mission statement and terms of reference .
Scripps Institution of Oceanography hosted the first formal meeting in early December 1999 , which included senior officials from 17 institutions in 12 countries ( as well as representatives of the IOC , the Scientific Committee for Oceanic Research ( SCOR ) of the International Council for Science ( ICSU ) , the Committee on Earth Observation Satellites ( CEOS ) and several international scientific programs . At this meeting , there was agreement on an initial work plan , including development of an advocacy plan for observing systems ; participation in processes to secure governmental commitments to fund ocean observing systems ; a data interchange demonstration pilot project ; and establishment of a clearinghouse for information exchange among POGO members , as well as the broader community .
POGO Capacity Building
The Nippon Foundation - POGO Centre of Excellence in Observational Oceanography ( currently hosted by the Alfred Wegener Institute Helmholtz Centre for Polar and Marine Science ) , under which ten scientists from developing countries , annually , are supported to study for ten months in an intensive programme related to ocean observations .
The POGO-SCOR Visiting Fellowship Programme , for scientists from developing countries to spend up to three months in a major oceanographic institution . The programme is carried out in conjunction with POGO 's partner organisation SCOR .
The POGO-AMT Fellowship Programme , under which one scientist annually participate sin a major oceanographic cruise ( the Atlantic Meridional Transect cruise ) , and spend time at a participating major oceanographic institute before and after the cruise to experience cruise preparation and data analysis . ( 2008+ ) .
Under POGO capacity-building schemes , some 1000 young scientists from 63 countries have received advanced training . Former scholars or alumni of NF-POGO training become members of the rapidly developing NF-POGO Alumni Network for Oceans ( NANO ) .
Activities
In its São Paulo Declaration of 2001 , POGO drew attention to the world imbalance between Northern and Southern Hemispheres in the capacity to observe the oceans , resulting in its establishment of a capacity-building programme ( above ) . It also underlined the relative paucity of ocean observations in the Southern Hemisphere compared with the Northern Hemisphere , and POGO member JAMSTEC , organised a circumnavigation of the Southern Hemisphere , the BEAGLE Expedition , using its ship RV Mirai , at a cost estimated to be around $ 35M . More recently , selected Antarctic Expeditions of the Alfred Wegener Institute have been labelled POGO Expeditions . POGO also supports the Southern Ocean Observing System ( SOOS ) .
Around the time POGO was being started , the Argo programme was also beginning .
The GEO Secretariat was established during the early years of POGO . Oceans did not appear among the nine societal-benefit areas around which GEO was structured at that time . POGO advocated for a greater prominence of ocean observing activities within GEO , which led the creation of a new Ocean Task ( SB01 , Oceans and Society : Blue Planet ) in the 2012-2015 GEO Work Plan . This was expanded and further developed into what is now known as the GEO Blue Planet Initiative .
POGO contributed to OceanObs'09 in Venice in 2009 , which led to the opening up of sustained ocean observations to a broader community , including chemical , biological and biogeochemical observations , and also participated in the post-Venice Framework for Ocean Observing Committee . More recently , POGO was involved in the OceanObs'19 conference in Honolulu , USA .
POGO member institutions have been driving the establishment of OceanSites ( coordinated , deep-ocean , multi-disciplinary time-series reference sites ) , which has made significant progress in recent years .
The idea for an `` International Quiet Ocean Experiment '' first came up during one of the POGO Annual Meetings . With seed funding from the Sloan Foundation , the idea was further developed in partnership with SCOR . An Open Science Meeting was convened under the auspices of SCOR and POGO at IOC-UNESCO , Paris , in August–September 2011 , to develop a Science Plan for the project , which could last up to ten years .
Members
POGO has 51 member institutions in 27 countries .
Secretariat
The Secretariat is hosted by Plymouth Marine Laboratory in the UK , with a satellite office hosted by the University of Algarve in Portugal .
References
External links
GEO Blue Planet
NF-POGO Alumni Network for Oceans
Oceanography
International scientific organizations
Neimen District ( ) is a rural district of Kaohsiung in southern Taiwan . Neimen is located in the mountainous area with very little flat land . Qishan River passes through the Neimen district . The whole district is underwater reserve protection . The climate of Neimen belongs to the tropical monsoon climate .
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945 , Neimen was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County . On 25 December 2010 , Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Neimen was upgraded to a district of the city .
Quick facts
Area : 95.6224 km2 .
Population : 14,953 people ( January 2016 )
Divisions : 18 urban villages 196 Neighborhoods
Postal Code : 845
Households : 5,074
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Gouping , Jinzhu , Yongfu , Yongji , Yongxing , Shikeng , Neimen , Neili , Guanting , Zhongpu , Neitung , Neinan , Tungpu , Sanping , Muzha , Neixing , Ruishan and Guangxing Village .
Economy
The major occupation in the district is farming . However , the district is also famous for its roadside banquet culture .
Education
Shih Chien University
Tourist attractions
308 Highland
Neimen Zhi-jhu Temple ( 內門紫竹寺 )
Seven-Star Towers
Tsui-Wen School
Volunteer Soldier Temple
Neimen Zhiyun Temple ( 內門紫雲宮 )
Neimen Shunxian Temple ( 順賢宮 )
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
The regal sunbird ( Cinnyris regius ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae . It is native to the Albertine Rift montane forests .
Description
The regal sunbird is a small species . The adult male has head and upper parts an iridescent golden-green , dark wings and tail and a boldly-marked red and yellow breast and belly . The adult female has dull olive upper parts , with yellowish , faintly streaked underparts . The male is distinctive , but the female could be confused with the female Rockefeller 's sunbird ( Cinnyris rockefelleri ) , though this has a paler throat . The female Rwenzori double-collared sunbird ( Cinnyris stuhlmanni ) and the female northern double-collared sunbird ( Cinnyris reichenowi ) are also similar , but these have greener upper parts and yellower underparts ; another similar species is the variable sunbird ( Cinnyris venustus ) , but the regal can be recognised by the upper parts being more olive and the underparts a more uniform yellowish-olive .
Distribution and habitat
The regal sunbird 's range spans the entire Albertine Rift montane forests ( from Uganda to Tanzania ) , where it occurs between above sea level . Its habitat includes evergreen mountain forest , mixed forest , secondary growth forest , scrubland and bamboo .
Status
The regal sunbird is a common species with a very wide range . The population trend is thought to be declining because of loss of the forest habitat . However , no particular threats have been identified and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed the bird 's conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
regal sunbird
regal sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Newham North East was a parliamentary constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , in the London Borough of Newham . It returned one Member of Parliament , elected by the first past the post system .
History
The constituency was created for the February 1974 general election , and abolished for the 1997 general election , when it was partly replaced by the new East Ham constituency .
It was one of the most multicultural constituencies in the United Kingdom ; the 1991 census showed 53.4 % of the constituency was of minority ethnic .
Boundaries
1974–1983 : The London Borough of Newham wards of Castle , Central , Greatfield , Kensington , Little Ilford , Manor Park , St Stephens , Wall End , and Woodgrange
1983–1997 : The London Borough of Newham wards of Castle , Central , Greatfield , Kensington , Little Ilford , Manor Park , Monega , St Stephens , and Wall End
Members of Parliament
Elections
Elections in the 1970s
Elections in the 1980s
Elections in the 1990s
Note : Immediately prior to the election Kellaway announced that they were leaving the Liberal Democrats and joining the Labour Party . Consequently , there was no official Liberal Democrat standing in the election
Notes and references
Parliamentary constituencies in London ( historic )
Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom established in 1974
Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom disestablished in 1997
Politics of the London Borough of Newham
Feonic is a commercial company specialising in the design and development of magnetostrictive audio products and is a spin-off from Hull University .
Products
The products use a smart material that changes shape in a magnetic field . This material was developed for sonar devices by the US Navy but is now commercially available . The products developed by Feonic use the force created by the change in shape of this smart material to vibrate structures such as floors , windows , walls , and the acoustically conductive structures of ships to produce sound .
The company 's first consumer product , the SoundBug , led to the successful roll out of the Whispering Window , enabling shop windows to produce sound .
The company has developed a new range of “ F Drives ” to create flat panel speakers with various applications in the transport , pro-audio , domestic , consumer and commercial markets .
The company markets their products for use in a wide range of environments including train stations , shops , homes , and on boats . Advantages over standalone speakers are described as the systems efficiency , ability to be tightly integrated into structures and products , resistance to damage , and clarity .
History
The timeline below summarises how Feonic has developed :
1999 Newlands Scientific plc was incorporated to provide research , development and consultancy services in magnetostrictive devices and exploit the possibilities of Terfenol-D .
2000 Brian Smith was appointed as Managing Director and the product development process began .
2002 Soundbug launched at CeBit ( the world 's largest technology trade show ) and Feonic technology trademarked .
2003 Newlands Scientific develops Whispering Window and launches Presenter . Soundbug wins Red Dot design award .
2004 Newlands Scientific becomes Feonic plc and wins UK electronics industry design award for best use of technology .
2008 New generation F-Drive products are launched and Feonic Transport formed as a joint venture .
2009 Feonic South East Asia formed as a distributor ; a deal has been agreed with Techtonic for Core Vista panels and product certification received from Network Rail .
2012 Philip Jarvis appointed as Group CEO .
References
External links
FeonicTechnology YouTube Channel
Loudspeaker manufacturers
Audio equipment manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Stevia World Agrotech Pvt Ltd is an agrotechnology company specializing in the growing and processing of stevia leaves , headquartered in Bangalore , India . The company primarily focuses on growing and processing stevia at relatively low costs , adhering to high environmental standards using good agricultural practices . Stevia World provides services to farmers for contract-based farming .
Stevia
Stevia is a nutrient-rich herb of the Asteraceae family , typically growing along the edges of the rainforests of Paraguay . Locals claim it was initially used by their ancestors more than a millennium ago , both for its intense sweet taste and medicinal qualities . Consisting of more than 100 essential nutrients that have been discovered , the leaves can be 30 times sweeter than normal sugar , depending upon the type , geographic location , and period of harvest . The type correlates to the amount and blend of glycosides within each stevia unit .
Products
Cerovia Jar
Cerovia Sachet
Healthy Leaf
Sweetxx
Rebaudioside A
References
External links
Official Website
Sugar substitutes
Stevia ( genus )
Companies based in Bangalore
2013 establishments in Karnataka
Agriculture companies established in 2013
Indian companies established in 2013
Dittmar is a German surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Andy Dittmar ( born 1974 ) , athlete
Chris Dittmar ( born 1964 ) , squash player
G. Walter Dittmar ( 1872–1949 ) , dentist
Gudrun Klaus-Dittmar , sprint canoer
Hans Dittmar ( 1902–1967 ) , sailor
Heini Dittmar ( 1912–1960 ) , glider pilot
Kurt Dittmar ( 1891–1959 ) , general
Louise Dittmar ( 1807–1884 ) , German feminist and philosopher
Sabine Dittmar ( born 1964 ) , German politician
Trudy Dittmar ( born 1944 ) , author
Wally Dittmar ( died 1983 ) , football player
William Dittmar ( 1833–1892 ) , scientist
See also
Ditmar ( disambiguation )
Surnames from given names
German-language surnames
Daniel Logan , better known by their stage name Dallas DuBois , is an American actor and drag queen .
Early life
Daniel Logan was born in Long Island , New York , on June 9 , 1986 .
Career
Logan first started doing drag in 2008 . They had previously used the drag name `` Madonna Manson . ''
DuBois was featured in the web series Queens of Drag : NYC by gay.com in 2010 . The series featured fellow New York drag queens Bianca Del Rio , Hedda Lettuce , Lady Bunny , Mimi Imfurst , Peppermint , Acid Betty , Epiphany Get Paid and Sherry Vine .
They are the founder of the theatre group Pure Imagination and the nonprofit charity Broadway to Benefit . Both groups educate about HIV/AIDS . Logan is HIV-positive .
In 2013 , DuBois competed in the Miss 'd America pageant , placing second runner-up . Victoria `` Porkchop '' Parker was the winner . They had previously competed in the pageant in 2011 .
Filmography
Film
Television
Web series
Music video appearances
Theatre
See also
LGBT culture in New York City
List of LGBT people from New York City
References
External links
American drag queens
American gay actors
Living people
Nightlife in New York City
People from Long Island
People with HIV/AIDS
1986 births
21st-century LGBT people
Benjamin Alden Bidlack ( September 8 , 1804 – February 6 , 1849 ) was an American politician , diplomat , and attorney who served as a member of the US House of Representatives and was later appointed chargé d'affaires to New Granada . While serving in New Granada they negotiated an agreement later known as the Mallarino–Bidlack Treaty . This treaty was the only instance in the nineteenth-century where the United States committed to defend the sovereignty of a Latin American state at the request of that state . The pact helped pave the way for the construction of the Panama Canal .
Early life and education
Bidlack was born in Paris , New York , the son of Benjamin Bidlack , a pioneer farmer , and Lydia Alden Bidlack . When their family moved to Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania , they completed their education at local public schools and the Wilkes-Barre Academy . After graduation , they studied law in the office of a local attorney , Garrick Mallery .
Career
Shortly after admittance to the state bar in 1825 , Bidlack was appointed deputy attorney of Luzerne County , Pennsylvania . In 1829 they married Margaret Wallace . The couple had seven children . In 1830 , they moved to Milford , Pennsylvania and entered the newspaper business . They began as publisher of the Republican Farmer . They later sold their interest in the paper and started the Northern Eagle , the first newspaper in Pike County , Pennsylvania . In 1834 , they served as treasurer of Pike County .
Bidlack returned to Wilkes-Barre and was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1835-1836 . In 1840 they were elected to the U.S. House of Representatives and re-elected in 1842 . As a member of congress , Bidlack became sympathetic to the case of Frances Slocum , a white woman who had been abducted as a child and raised by the Miami people . Slocum was fully assimilated into the Native American culture and was accepted as one of its members . In 1845 , Congress passed a joint resolution originally introduced by Bidwell that exempted Slocum and twenty-one of their Miami relatives from removal to Kansas Territory .
After Bidwell lost their bid for reelection in 1844 , President James Polk appointed them chargé d'affaires to New Granada on the recommendation of James Buchanan , the new secretary of state . Bidwell was instructed to gather information about crossing routes on the Isthmus of Panama and prevent other nations from securing transit rights from New Granada . However , both Bidwell and New Granada were concerned by the aggressive intentions of the French and British in the region , so Bidwell exceeded their instructions by negotiating a treaty giving the US transit rights on the isthmus in exchange for a US guarantee of New Granada 's sovereignty and neutrality . Their counterpart in the negotiations was New Granada 's commissioner Manuel María Mallarino .
The treaty was the only instance in the nineteenth-century where the United States committed to defend the sovereignty of a Latin American state at the request of that state . President Polk was surprised by Bidlack 's actions and initially opposed the treaty because of the commitment to defend New Granada . They later threw their support behind the measure which received final ratification by Congress on 10 June 1848 . Eventually , the pact helped pave the way for the construction of the Panama Canal .
They died in Bogotá , Colombia on February 6 , 1849 , aged 44 . They were interred in the English Cemetery .
References
Sources
The Political Graveyard
1804 births
1849 deaths
19th-century American diplomats
People from Paris , New York
Politicians from Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
Capetillo is a Mexican family with a long tradition in bullfighting . Among the most famous members are :
Manuel Capetillo , a matador
Guillermo Capetillo , a singer/actor and bullfighter and son of Manuel
Eduardo Capetillo , a singer/actor and half-brother of Guillermo and Manolito
See also
Pedro Casillas Capetillo , a Spanish - Mexican Royalist , Chevalier and Professor from the Portuguese and Cordovan lineage of Souza .
Raymundo Capetillo , a Mexican actor not related to the above
Mexican families
Surnames
The Greater Columbus Convention Center ( GCCC ) is a convention center located in Downtown Columbus , Ohio , United States , along the east side of North High Street .
The convention center was designed by Peter Eisenman , constructed in 1993 , and expanded in 1999 and again in 2016 . Venue management company ASM Global oversees day-to-day operations of the facility , including of exhibit space , three ballrooms , and 75 meeting rooms .
History
Ohio Center
The convention center was conceived in 1969 as a way for the City of Columbus to generate economic revenue by hosting events and revitalize the downtown area after a period of decline . Voters approved a $ 6 million bond in 1971 to purchase which was the site of the first Union Station in the world . Construction was later delayed as the city secured the land , demolished the arcade of Union Station , and changed the building 's plans . The station 's demolition faced criticism from agencies and the public , with little to no news of the demolition publicized until it occurred , and the demolition followed improper procedures . Funding construction remained an issue and Battelle Memorial Institute stepped in with a large donation and appointed Batelle official Clyde Tipton Jr. to lead the project .
The groundbreaking ceremony was held on February 3 , 1978 . The Ohio Center ( now Batelle Hall ) opened in September 1980 with 700,000 square feet spread over five stories with 60,000 square feet of open exhibit space , 30,000 square feet of balcony area . Almost immediately , issues were found in the use and amount of space and city officials began plans for a second convention center . Committees to study the use of the building and propose recommendations were formed in 1985 and 1987 but voters rejected both proposals .
Eisenman addition , 1989
In 1989 , a final suvey and proposal were completed that voters approved . The plan called for a hotel-motel tax to fund the $ 80 million building that included a 300,000-square-foot exhibit hall .
Architects of the building , Peter Eisenman and Richard Trott , were selected through an international design competition . Other entries in the competition included Acock Schlegel Architects , Michael Graves , John E. Foster and Associates and Holt Hinshaw Pfau Jones , and Homer Tritt Associates and Arup . Eisenman 's design was seen as exciting to the jury and reminiscent of the railroad tracks the building was to be built on . Its avant-garde design of the building was also intended as a lure for conventions and trade shows and anchor the revitializing Short North neighborhood .
When the 580,000-square-foot building opened in March 1993 , it cost $ 94 million . On Saturday , March 13 , 1993 , the building was dedicated and opened to the public . Its opening coincided with its first show , the Columbus International Auto Show . In 1996 , the Franklin County Convention Facilities Authority took ownership of the Ohio Center to streamline operations and planning between the center and GCCC .
Expansions and renovations
In 1999 , a $ 77 million expansion began . The 250,000 square feet expansion to the building was completed in 2001 at the cost of $ 85 million . More parking was created along with a renovation of amenities and the south building .
Early January 9 , 2008 , a 1930s-era water main broke and flooded the entire length of the Main Hall . Officials from the Columbus Division of Fire were concerned that part of the building , including the main hall , might collapse due to structural failure . It was soon determined , however , that the building was not in any danger . The SMG-managed Greater Columbus Convention Center reopened for business as usual the morning after successfully restoring the north facility to regular conditions in the aftermath of a 16-inch water-main rupture at Swan and High Streets . Water from the break traveled under the building and surfaced within the facility . Once structural engineers inspected the facility and deemed it structurally sound , water removal and restoration efforts began , which involved 150 people , 600 carpet blowers and 75 water extractors . Damage within the facility was aesthetic in nature , requiring primarily the replacement of carpeting and drywall in some areas . The restoration company received a national award for the work performed , which included challenging indoor concrete pours at the site where crews needed to remove the concrete and dig underground to locate the actual point where the water line broke .
In 2014 , plans to renovate the building for a cost of $ 125 million began to take shape . Renovations included the interior of the building , expansion , and total redesign of the north end of the center . The renovations were completed in July 2017 .
Convention area lodging
In 2008 , Experience Columbus , the convention and visitors bureau , began to recognize that the city was at a competitive disadvantage due to the lack of hotel rooms which put the city at danger of losing new and old business at GCCC . In 2010 , ground was broken for the publicly financed , 532-room Hilton Columbus Downtown to help meet the growing demand for events at the convention center . It opened in 2012 and underwent a $ 125 million renovation in 2015 .
In 2016 , Columbus bid on hosting Democratic and Republican National Conventions , losing both . In 2017 , Experience Columbus commissioned a `` Hotel and Development Study '' and found the city has fewer hotel rooms within a 10-minute walk of the convention center than other locations . The survey recommended the expansion of the Hyatt Regency or the Hilton Columbus Downtown to meet the need of a 1,000-room hotel for convention-center area lodging , estimating $ 22.5 million a year in direct spending . In 2018 , the city announced the expansion of the Hilton Columbus Downtown which would add 468 rooms for a total of 1,000 rooms .
Conferences and events
EcoSummit : Held for the first time in the United States , the 4th International Eco-summit , with the theme of Ecological Sustainability : Restoring the Planet 's Ecosystem Services , attracted the world 's most prominent ecologists from 75 countries in 2012 .
John Deere : Ag & Turf New Product Intro : Attracting four waves of 1,200 of company representatives each , participants watch 28 different company machines be driven across the stage . They then visit the exhibit hall floor to confer with subject-matter experts before traveling to the Molly Caren Agriculture Center in nearby London to take Cropmaster and other specialty harvesting equipment for a test drive .
NHL All-Star Weekend : The National Hockey League 's 2015 Fan Fair was filled with team mascots , dozens of interactive activities , Stanley Cup photo opportunities and multiple player autograph sessions with NHL heroes . The Fantasy Draft highlighted the player selections for Team Foligno and Team Toews . Affiliated hospitality functions preceded the NHL Skills Competition and NHL All-Star Game at Nationwide Arena—home of the Columbus Blue Jackets—across the street .
The 75th General Convention of The Episcopal Church : Attracting 10,000 international attendees and featuring the election of the presiding bishop , the review of 250 resolutions by the House of Deputies and 200 bishops attending House of Bishops proceedings , this event occurs every three years .
World Summit on Trade Efficiency : The event , sponsored by United Nations Conference on Trade and Development , the City of Columbus and private-sector businesses , focused on the utilization of information technology to expand international trade .
Annual expositions
Arnold Sports Festival : founded by namesake Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jim Lorimer , the event held annually during the first weekend in March features more athletes than the Olympics , competitors representing more than 80 countries , the nation 's largest health & fitness expo with 900 booths and more than 200,000 attendees .
Columbus International Auto Show : Hundreds of vehicles from dozens of manufacturers fill four contiguous exhibit halls with cars ranging from Fords to Ferraris and the `` Ugliest Car in Columbus '' to the concept cars of tomorrow .
Cultivate – An American Hort Experience : Considered the largest horticulture show in North America , Cultivate offers more than 7 acres of trade show exhibits including technology and new products , services and plant varieties . Thousands of industry professionals from more than 20 countries attend this growing event that is moving up the ranks of the nation 's Top 200 trade shows .
Ohayocon : a three-day anime convention held during January/February in Columbus , Ohio at the Hyatt Regency Columbus and Columbus Convention Center . Ohayocon 's name is from the similarity between `` Ohio '' , the convention 's location , and Ohayou ( おはよう ) , which in the Japanese language means `` Good morning '' .
Ohio Star Ball : Growing from a one-day event to the largest professional/amateur ballroom dancing competition in the world , Ohio Star Ball 's glitter and grace includes almost 13,000 entries and filming for America 's Ballroom Challenge to be broadcast nationally .
Origins Game Fair : Produced by the Columbus-based Game Manufacturers Association , the premier trade association for the hobby games industry , Origins provides more than 17,000 attendees with the chance to learn about new releases from game creators and manufacturers and buy and play games , including live-auction role-playing games and popular collectible card games .
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Birthday Breakfast Celebration : This annual gathering is the largest served breakfast in the nation honoring the life and legacy of the late civil rights leader .
HOSA ( Health Occupations Students of America ) : events focus on preparing Future Health Professionals . The Competitive Events Program is designed to motivate HOSA members and provide a system for recognizing the competencies developed by members through Health Science and Biomedical Science class instruction , related job training , and HOSA related activities .
Exhibition halls
Design
Architects of the building , Peter Eisenman and Richard Trott , were selected through an international design competition . Dan Graveline , an expert on convention centers , consulted on the project by creating the GCCC functional diagram to which the design was created .
The building was Eisenman 's first civic commission and their second commission in Columbus ( the first being the Wexner Center for the Arts ) . The large exhibition space is the feature of the building with meeting rooms coming off its side . The simple plan , color-coding sections of the building and carpeting aided by wayfinding help guest to easily navigate the building . The facade of the building along a three-block stretch of High Street alternates masonry and glass cladding and is broken up in 11 segments . The interior concourse has a zigzagging path that breaks up its length and creates the illusion of height through skylights , overhead footbridges and suspended ceilings.Executive Director of the Franklin County Convention Facilities Authority , Claire S. Hazucha , felt that the building 's nontraditional design would be a selling point .
Owned and developed by the Franklin County Convention Facilities Authority , the GCCC embarked on a full-scale exterior and interior renovation in 2015 that was completed in 2017 . As part of the expansion nearly 37,000 square feet of exhibit space and 10,000 square feet of two-level meeting space was added .
The venue currently has 447,000 square feet of exhibit space , 75 meeting rooms and 114,000 square feet of ballroom space , including 74,000-square-foot Battelle Grand , known as the largest multipurpose ballroom in Ohio . The Union Station Ballroom measures 25,000 square feet , while the Short North Ballroom offers 15,000 square feet of space . The four contiguous exhibit halls encompass 373,000 square feet .
References
External links
Convention centers in Ohio
Infrastructure completed in 1993
Deconstructivism
Event venues established in 1993
Tourist attractions in Columbus , Ohio
1993 establishments in Ohio
Peter Eisenman buildings and structures
Buildings in downtown Columbus , Ohio
High Street ( Columbus , Ohio )
Semyonov 's Rebellion refers to the 1917 revolt led by Captain G. M. Semyonov of the Kazak Army , against Soviet control , within the Eastern Region ( lit . Further-Baikal Region ) of Russia . It is part of the White Movement , and the Russian Civil War ( lit . Civil War in the Far East ) .
In June 1917 , G. M. Semyonov was commissioned by the Russian War Commission to form a standing army , composed of Kazak , Mongol , and Buryat horseback forces . However , their work was interrupted by the regime change following the October Revolution .
Following the October Revolution , and after receiving further authorization from the Petrograd Council of Work and Soldier Deputies , Semyonov continued assembling their troops . Contrary to their orders they accepted Russians into their ranks , conditional upon their denunciation of `` revolutionism '' .
As word reached the Petrograd Council that Semyonov was assembling Anti-Revolutionary forces they withheld money promised for the compensation of their army .
On 18 November 1917 , Semyonov began an anti-Soviet revolt , seizing control of the lower Berezovka train station . Then , attending a city council in nearby Verkhneudinsk ( now Ulan-Ude ) , they called citizens to overturn the local government and engage in a `` merciless war against Bolshivism '' . The council responded by authorizing the police force ( lit . `` General Safety Commission '' ) and forces of the oblast council to arrest Captain Semyonov and disarm their regiment . Semyonov resisted by force , in turn traveling to Chita where they arrested Pumpyansky , the head of the Chitian Ruling Council . They also appropriated funds for their army before fleeing to Manzhouli . With support from other local forces , and General D. L. Horvata , the managing officer of the Chinese-East Railroad ( China East Iron Road , or `` КВЖД '' ) Semyonov formed the Manzhouli Standing Army , composed of around 500 men on horseback . They continued to raid railway stations and incite rebellion .
Eventually the Soviet Army was forced to dispatch a large military force to restore control in the region . These forces were led by Sergei Lazo , from the Central Siberian Council . Their battles with Semyonov 's army constituted one of the first fronts of the Civil War in the Far East . Semyonov was considered a candidate for assistance from several foreign governments with interests running counter to the USSR , including the United States . Although Semyonov received support from the Japanese and was initially successful at holding the city of Chita , their forces did eventually suffer defeat around April 1918 .
The Remainder of Semeyonov 's Military Career
Semeyonov was active in anti-soviet operations until September 1921 . When they were unable to remain in Russia , Semyonov moved to the United States for a time , although they were accused of committing acts of violence against the American soldiers of the Expeditionary Corps . They were eventually acquitted and returned to China , where they received a monthly 1000-yen pension by the Japanese government . In Tianjin they made ties with the Japanese intelligence community and mobilized exiled Russian and Cossack communities , planning to eventually overthrow the Soviets . They were also employed by Puyi , the dethroned Emperor of China , whom they wished to restore to power .
Semyonov was captured in Dalian by Soviet paratroopers in September 1945 during the Soviet invasion of Manchuria . They were charged with counterrevolutionary activities and sentenced to death by hanging by the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of the USSR . They were executed on August 29 , 1946 .
References
White movement
Russian Civil War
`` Stone '' is the debut and winner 's single by Cyrus , the series seven winner of The X Factor Australia . It was released digitally on 24 November 2015 as the lead single from their self-titled debut album . The song debuted at number four on the ARIA Singles Chart . The music video was released on 12 December 2015 .
Background and release
`` Stone '' was written by TMS and Bobby Andonov . After winning The X Factor , `` Stone '' was released for digital download in Australia on 24 November 2015 , as Cyrus 's debut and winner 's single . The song was released as a CD single three days later .
For the issue dated 30 November 2015 , `` Stone '' debuted at number four on the ARIA Singles Chart from two days of sales .
Live performances
Cyrus performed `` Stone '' live for the first time during The X Factor grand final performance show on 23 November 2015 . They performed the song again during the grand final decider show the following day , after they were announced as the winner , where they told the audience ; `` I want to thank God for blessing me with the gift of music that I 've been so blessed to share with you all . ''
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2015 songs
2015 debut singles
Sony Music Australia singles
Songs written by Ben Kohn
Songs written by Peter Kelleher ( songwriter )
Songs written by Tom Barnes ( songwriter )
Songs written by Sean Douglas ( songwriter )
The rufous-breasted warbling finch ( Poospiza rubecula ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
It is endemic to Peru .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet .
rufous-breasted warbling finch
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
rufous-breasted warbling finch
rufous-breasted warbling finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
FK Bratstvo Lisičani ( ) is a football club based in the village of Lisičani near Kičevo , North Macedonia . They 're currently playing in the OFS Gostivar league .
History
The club was founded in 1982 .
References
External links
Bratstvo Lisičani Facebook
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Football Federation of Macedonia
Bratstvo Lisičani
Association football clubs established in 1982
1982 establishments in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia
Kičevo Municipality
The Sliver by the River is a nickname for the area of New Orleans , Louisiana , closest to the Mississippi River , which escaped major flooding after Hurricane Katrina hit the city on August 29 , 2005 . It exists on higher ground , the natural levee built up by centuries of flooding before there was human settlement . It generally corresponds to the mid-19th-century Crescent City nickname for the city .
The Sliver by the River included parts or all of the Bywater , Faubourg Marigny , French Quarter , Warehouse District , Garden District , Uptown , and Carrollton neighborhoods of New Orleans .
Geography of New Orleans
Abbé Aloïsius Édouard Camille Gaultier ( Asti , 1745 or 1746 - Paris , 19 September 1818 ) was a French Roman Catholic priest and educational reformer . In 1792 they left France during the worst of the Revolution , passing via Holland to England where they set up a school for the children of other refugees .
They were a pioneer in getting children to learn through amusing them and was made a member of the commission for the reorganization of public instruction . They wrote a large number of books , such as Géographie de l'abbé Gaultier , that became popular as instructional books in Nineteenth Century France .
References
French Roman Catholics
1740s births
1818 deaths
Fort Montecchio-Lusardi is a military fort situated in Colico , in the province of Lecco , northern Italy . It was built between 1911 and 1914 .
It is the only Italian fort from World War I which has been preserved intact with its original weapons . The main function of the fort was to control the roads of Spluga , Maloja and Stelvio , in case the Central Powers decided to invade northern Italy , violating the neutrality of Switzerland .
The fort was one of the strongholds in a complex barrier system which extended up to Monte Legnone , though it remained inactive throughout the World War . During World War II the fort also never entered a major action : the only gunshots were fired after the fort was occupied by the partisans , at a German column that marched along the opposite bank of the lake . However , in 1944/1945 , the fort figured in the Italian fascist regime 's planning for a Ridotto Alpino Repubblicano , or Alpine redoubt in the Valtellina , to make a last stand against the Allied advance .
The fort was later used as a weapons depot .
Attractions in the fort include four French 149 mm guns , with a range of 14 km , each rotating inside a cast-iron dome . The fort is divided into two parts : the lower area contains housing and powder magazines , and the upper part contains guns . The two areas are linked by a curved gallery .
See also
Fort Fuentes
Colico
References
Colico
Forts in Italy
Buildings and structures in Lombardy
Buildings and structures completed in 1914
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1674 .
Events
March 26 – The new Theatre Royal , Drury Lane opens in March . Designed by Christopher Wren , it replaces the original theatre that burned down in 1672 .
unknown dates
The poet Isaac de Benserade is elected to the French Academy , along with the churchman and scholar Pierre Daniel Huet .
Schlosstheater Celle is founded . By the 21st century it will be the oldest surviving theatre in Germany .
The derivative nature of Restoration drama is displayed when the Duke 's Company produces Thomas Shadwell 's `` operatic '' re-adaptation of Dryden and Davenant 's 1667 adaptation of The Tempest . In response , their rivals at the King 's Company stage The Mock Tempest , or the Enchanted Castle by Thomas Duffet .
New books
Prose
Samuel Chappuzeau – Le Théâtre François
Charles Cotton – The Compleat Gamester
John Evelyn – Navigation and Commerce
John Josselyn – An Account of the Voyages to New England , London : Printed for Giles Widdows
Thomas Ken – Manual of Prayers for the use of the Scholars of Winchester College
Anthony Wood – Historia et antiquitates Universitatis Oxoniensis
Drama
Anonymous ( and John Dryden ? ) – The Mistaken Husband
Juan Bautista Diamante – Parte II de comedias
William Cavendish , Duke of Newcastle – The Triumphant Widow
Pierre Corneille – Suréna
John Crowne – Andromache
Sir William Davenant – Macbeth , a `` dramatic opera '' adapted from Shakespeare 's play , is published
Thomas Duffet ( attributed to ) – The Amorous Old Woman
The Empress of Morocco : a Farce
The Mock Tempest
Nathaniel Lee – The Tragedy of Nero , Emperour of Rome
Jean Racine – Iphigénie
Elkanah Settle – Love and Revenge
Poetry
Thomas Flatman – Poems and Songs
John Milton – Paradise Lost , second edition
Births
January 15 – Prosper Jolyot de Crébillon , French poet and dramatist ( died 1762 )
June 20 – Nicholas Rowe ( dramatist ) English dramatist and Poet Laureate ( died 1718 )
October – Thomas Ruddiman , Scottish classicist ( died 1757 )
October 6 – Nicolas-Hubert de Mongault , French writer and cleric ( died 1746 )
December – Christmas Samuel , Welsh writer and minister ( died 1764 )
Deaths
March 7 – Charles Sorel , sieur de Souvigny , French novelist ( born 1602 )
June 14 – Marin le Roy de Gomberville , French poet and novelist ( born 1600 )
August 13 – Lucidor ( Lars Johansson ) , Swedish burlesque poet ( born 1638 ; killed in duel )
September 27
Robert Arnauld d'Andilly , French poet and translator ( born 1589 )
Thomas Traherne , English poet and religious writer ( born c. 1636 )
October – Robert Herrick , English poet ( born 1591 )
November 8 – John Milton , English poet and polemicist ( born 1608 )
December 9 – Edward Hyde , 1st Earl of Clarendon English historian and statesman ( born 1609 )
Unknown dates
Hu Zhengyan , Chinese artist , printmaker , calligrapher and publisher ( born c. 1584 )
James Janeway , English children 's writer and Puritan minister ( born 1636 )
Miguel Sánchez , Mexican priest , writer and theologian ( born 1594 )
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Pavilhão João Rocha is a multi-sports pavilion located in Lisbon , next to the Estádio José Alvalade and it is the home of Sporting CP sports . The pavilion is named after João Rocha , a former club president who remained in office from September 1973 to October 1986 . The inauguration took place on the day June 21 , 2017 .
History
Precedents
In 1975 , João Rocha , president of the club at the time , advanced with the project to create a sports complex near the Estádio José Alvalade ( 1956 ) .
On October 14 , 1976 , the Pavilion of Alvalade was born . This was , in fact , a sports complex , with 4 thousand square meters and three enclosures : the main pavilion , with capacity for 5000 spectators , and two smaller pavilions used for training .
However , the work saw its life shortened dramatically due to the growth of the city of Lisbon and its transport network . Therefore , in September 1986 , the main pavilion was demolished due to the construction of the Campo Grande Metro Station .
Facing this situation , João Rocha , still president of the club , launched a project to improve the facilities of the club . Realizing an old ambition of the Sporting fans , closed the Estádio José Alvalade through the construction of the called `` new bench '' and , taking advantage of the space underneath of this one , raised the Nave de Alvalade .
With capacity for 1500 spectators , Nave de Alvalade happened to be the house of the Sporting modalities , although it should be only provisional . However , the pavilion hosted numerous campaigns and events .
On January 4 , 2004 , Nave de Alvalade sold out for the last time with a futsal game because , together with the old stadium , it would be demolished to proceed with the project of the new José Alvalade Stadium , which did not contemplate the construction of a new pavilion for the modalities .
Need
After the demolition of the Nave de Alvalade , Sporting no longer had its own venue for its teams to compete . Despite that the new Alvalade XXI Complex contains a multi-sport building for the preparation and training of the club 's athletes , the size of the adept mass and the number of sports practised in the club required a proper venue for high competition .
In addition to being aware of this need , something decisive was lacking for the realization of the work : the terrain . Although there were several alternatives and even municipalities that were willing to cede the land , it was always convinced that such work could only be done in the area of the new José Alvalade Stadium .
Therefore , until the construction of the new pavilion , the various modalities of Sporting were divided between third-party pavilions .
Bureaucratic process
The lands formerly occupied by the former Estádio José Alvalade were eventually retained by the Lisbon Municipal Council and would eventually be earmarked for the construction of the Metropolis project . The meeting of the municipal executive of Lisbon for the allotment of the land was scheduled for April 16 , 2007 , but was eventually postponed to negotiate with the club to transfer a plot of land for the construction of a new pavilion .
A meeting between a delegation of Sporting led by José Eduardo Bettencourt and CML was held on September 9 , 2009 , and it was agreed that the future pavilion would be located in the plot of land corresponding to the northern upper bench of the former Estádio José Alvalade .
On November 25 , 2009 , the protocol between CML and Sporting was approved in a Chamber meeting , considering the decision of the Arbitral Tribunal to order CML to compensate Sporting with a value of 23 million euros , The club claimed to have surface right . Thus , the Chamber would cede a portion of the land annexed to the Estádio José Alvalade in the amount of €5,000,000 for the construction of a sports pavilion ( in addition to assets worth 18 million euros ) .
However , this decision of the Chamber was not finally ratified at the Municipal Assembly on 10 December 2009 , and it was decided to send the protocol to a town planning commission , appointed to reassess it . On January 12 , 2010 , the Lisbon City Council approved the agreement between the local authority of Lisbon and Sporting .
In compliance with part of the agreement between the municipality and Sporting , the Lisbon City Council approved , on 27 January 2010 , the elaboration of the Alvalade XXI Detail Plan , which contemplates the construction of the pavilion .
On November 3 , 2010 , the Lisbon City Council voted in favor of the Alvalade XXI Detail Plan , which included the new Sporting pavilion . The autarky thus gave the green light to the project which came to be the subject of a final analysis by the Commission for Coordination of Regional Development of Lisbon and Vale do Tejo , which would give the last and decisive opinion on 25 March 2011 .
As part of the public discussion period of the Alvalade XXI Detail Plan , CML held a public clarification meeting on 30 May 2011 , approving it on 26 October 2011 . However , a final step was missing . The approval by the Municipal Assembly , which would only happen on March 12 , 2013 .
Mission Pavilion
After becoming club president in the 2013 elections , Bruno de Carvalho , launched , after the approval of the Municipal Assembly of the Alvalade XXI Detail Plan , the Mission Pavilion in order to raise financial resources for the construction of the João Rocha Pavilion .
The final objective of the Mission Pavilion was the raising of ten million euros , to be divided by the construction of the João Rocha Pavilion and the restoration of the Multidesportivo Sporting .
Opening
The João Rocha Pavilion was inaugurated on June 21 , 2017 , precisely 15 years after the inauguration of the Sporting Academy in Alcochete , in a solemn institutional ceremony .
The first game held at the João Rocha Pavilion was on September 6 , 2017 . It was the first round of the national handball championship , where Sporting defeated AC Fafe for 30-17 , with 2852 spectators .
Construction
Launch of the first stone
On March 27 , 2015 , Sporting signaled the start of construction of the new pavilion . After an open training session at the José Alvalade Stadium , the ceremony for the launching of the first stone of the João Rocha Pavilion began with the official speeches of Bruno de Carvalho ( Sporting president in 2015 ) and Fernando Medina ( Vice-president of the Lisbon City Council ) .
On the day of the launching of the first stone , several modalities opened their doors to the members and fans , who had the opportunity to try the various modalities and also , in some cases , to train with the athletes .
Work
The work lasted for about 22 months , integrating the normal period of inspections , extension connections and use licenses , culminating with the inauguration .
With a month of works , the land displacement was almost completed and it became possible to see the exact perimeter of Pavilion implementation .
At the end of the second month , the first concrete structures appeared in the form of the south wall and two giant cranes became part of the landscape . In the third month the western wall appeared , and the slopes of north and east earth were consolidated with concrete .
On March 23 , 2016 , Sporting opened the doors of the work so that fans could see closely the new house of the modalities .
During the tenth month the cover frame was erected , the walls of the internal subdivision began to be erected , and the southern basement was completed and , with eleven months of construction , the entire reinforced concrete structure was completed .
With a full year of construction , the steps of all the benches , except for South A , were complete , the layering was placed and the outer covering at the second floor level was completed .
On August 13 , 2016 , the second `` open-day '' was held , with the doors of the João Rocha Pavilion open to the club 's Members and Adepts . With a year and a half of work , the first chairs appeared in the benches and began the work of placing the Portuguese sidewalk , gardens and soccer field 7 .
After 22 months and 18 days of work , which corresponds to a total of 689 days , the João Rocha Pavilion was ready to be inaugurated and , thus , open its doors to athletes , members and fans of the club , assuming what was built for , to be the new home of Sporting ( modalities ) .
References
Sporting CP
Indoor arenas in Portugal
Handball venues in Portugal
Rang Milanti is a 2011 Bengali comedy film directed by Kaushik Ganguly .
Plot
There are four boys and one girl . All are very good friends , but the girl wants to choose any one of them as a special friend who can become their life partner later . Them elder sister had a fight with their husband and left him . The girl went to their husband and asked for help . They refer them to a doctor who can help them Dr. Anughatak . The doctor is no one but themselves only in disguise . They help by asking them to test 4 of their friends in 10 various situations how they react . Based on that they have to play a game of cards where they have to mark them . The person who gets maximum points in all 10 rounds will be the winner and they can marry that person . They agree and shares the same with their sister . They start playing the game but discovers at the end that if they play an additional extra round the results are changing . They get angry with the doctor and marries the person whom they love most and realizes that we can not get every good virtue in same person . People differ , whatever good things we get in our beloved people , we have to be happy with it . Them sister also realizes the same and comes back to their husband .
Cast
Saswata Chatterjee as Dr. Anughatak
Gaurav Chakrabarty as Rik
Ridhima Ghosh as Kamolika
Churni Ganguly as Kamalini
Indrasish Roy as Tito
Gourab Chatterjee as D.J .
Tanaji Dasgupta as Laden
Elena Kazan as Lisa
Supergueststar Thomas Pentecouteau as the French guy .
References
External links
2011 films
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
2011 comedy films
Films directed by Kaushik Ganguly
Anaxibia ( ; Ancient Greek : ) is the name of six characters in Greek mythology .
Anaxibia , one of the Danaïdes , married to Archelaus , son of Aegyptus .
Anaxibia , a naiad of the Ganges river . They fled from the advances of Helios , but they disappeared in Artemis 's sanctuary on Mount Koryphe .
Anaxibia , mother of Maeander by Cercaphus .
Anaxibia , daughter of Bias and Iphianassa , and niece of Melampus . They married Pelias , King of Iolcus , to whom they bore Acastus , Pisidice , Pelopia , Hippothoe , Alcestis , and Medusa . They were sometimes called Alphesiboea or Phylomache , daughter of Amphion .
Anaxibia , daughter of Cratieus . They married Nestor and is the mother of Pisidice , Polycaste , Perseus ( son of Nestor ) , Stratichus , Aretus , Echephron , Peisistratus , Antilochus , and Thrasymedes . More commonly , Eurydice of Pylos is considered to be Nestor 's wife and the mother of these children .
Anaxibia , daughter of Atreus and Aerope or , alternatively , of Pleisthenes and Aerope or Pleisthenes and Cleolla ( daughter of Dias ) , and sister of Agamemnon and Menelaus . They married Strophius , king of Phocis , becoming mother of Pylades . Anaxibia was also known as Astyoche or Cydragora .
Notes
References
Apollodorus , The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer , F.B.A. , F.R.S . in 2 Volumes , Cambridge , MA , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann Ltd. 1921 . ISBN 0-674-99135-4 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library . Greek text available from the same website .
Gaius Julius Hyginus , Fabulae from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant . University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies . Online version at the Topos Text Project .
Hesiod , Catalogue of Women from Homeric Hymns , Epic Cycle , Homerica translated by Evelyn-White , H G. Loeb Classical Library Volume 57 . London : William Heinemann , 1914 . Online version at theio.com
Homer , The Odyssey with an English Translation by A.T. Murray , PH.D. in two volumes . Cambridge , MA. , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann , Ltd. 1919. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library . Greek text available from the same website .
Lucius Mestrius Plutarchus , Morals translated from the Greek by several hands . Corrected and revised by . William W. Goodwin , PH . D. Boston . Little , Brown , and Company . Cambridge . Press Of John Wilson and son . 1874 . 5 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library .
Pausanias , Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S . Jones , Litt.D. , and H.A . Ormerod , M.A. , in 4 Volumes . Cambridge , MA , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias , Graeciae Descriptio . 3 vols . Leipzig , Teubner . 1903 . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library .
Pseudo-Plutarch , De fluviis , in Plutarch 's morals , Volume V , edited and translated by William Watson Goodwin , Boston : Little , Brown & Co. , 1874 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library .
Theocritus , Idylls from The Greek Bucolic Poets translated by Edmonds , J M. Loeb Classical Library Volume 28 . Cambridge , MA . Harvard University Press . 1912 . Online version at theoi.com
Theocritus , Idylls edited by R. J. Cholmeley , M.A . London . George Bell & Sons . 1901 . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library .
Queens in Greek mythology
Princesses in Greek mythology
Danaids
Naiads
Pylian characters in Greek mythology
Nestor ( mythology )
Characters from Iolcus
Kumów Majoracki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-east of Leśniowice , south of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
In mathematics , a limit point , accumulation point , or cluster point of a set in a topological space is a point that can be `` approximated '' by points of in the sense that every neighbourhood of with respect to the topology on also contains a point of other than itself . A limit point of a set does not itself have to be an element of
There is also a closely related concept for sequences . A cluster point or accumulation point of a sequence in a topological space is a point such that , for every neighbourhood of there are infinitely many natural numbers such that This definition of a cluster or accumulation point of a sequence generalizes to nets and filters .
The similarly named notion of a ( respectively , a limit point of a filter , a limit point of a net ) by definition refers to a point that the sequence converges to ( respectively , the filter converges to , the net converges to ) . Importantly , although `` limit point of a set '' is synonymous with `` cluster/accumulation point of a set '' , this is not true for sequences ( nor nets or filters ) . That is , the term `` limit point of a sequence '' is synonymous with `` cluster/accumulation point of a sequence '' .
The limit points of a set should not be confused with adherent points ( also called ) for which every neighbourhood of contains a point of ( that is , any point belonging to closure of the set ) . Unlike for limit points , an adherent point of may be itself . A limit point can be characterized as an adherent point that is not an isolated point .
Limit points of a set should also not be confused with boundary points . For example , is a boundary point ( but not a limit point ) of the set in with standard topology . However , is a limit point ( though not a boundary point ) of interval in with standard topology ( for a less trivial example of a limit point , see the first caption ) .
This concept profitably generalizes the notion of a limit and is the underpinning of concepts such as closed set and topological closure . Indeed , a set is closed if and only if it contains all of its limit points , and the topological closure operation can be thought of as an operation that enriches a set by uniting it with its limit points .
Definition
Accumulation points of a set
Let be a subset of a topological space
A point in is a limit point or cluster point or if every neighbourhood of contains at least one point of different from itself .
It does not make a difference if we restrict the condition to open neighbourhoods only . It is often convenient to use the `` open neighbourhood '' form of the definition to show that a point is a limit point and to use the `` general neighbourhood '' form of the definition to derive facts from a known limit point .
If is a space ( such as a metric space ) , then is a limit point of if and only if every neighbourhood of contains infinitely many points of In fact , spaces are characterized by this property .
If is a Fréchet–Urysohn space ( which all metric spaces and first-countable spaces are ) , then is a limit point of if and only if there is a sequence of points in whose limit is In fact , Fréchet–Urysohn spaces are characterized by this property .
The set of limit points of is called the derived set of
Types of accumulation points
If every neighbourhood of contains infinitely many points of then is a specific type of limit point called an of
If every neighbourhood of contains uncountably many points of then is a specific type of limit point called a condensation point of
If every neighbourhood of satisfies then is a specific type of limit point called a of
Accumulation points of sequences and nets
In a topological space a point is said to be a or if , for every neighbourhood of there are infinitely many such that
It is equivalent to say that for every neighbourhood of and every there is some such that
If is a metric space or a first-countable space ( or , more generally , a Fréchet–Urysohn space ) , then is a cluster point of if and only if is a limit of some subsequence of
The set of all cluster points of a sequence is sometimes called the limit set .
Note that there is already the notion of limit of a sequence to mean a point to which the sequence converges ( that is , every neighborhood of contains all but finitely many elements of the sequence ) . That is why we do not use the term of a sequence as a synonym for accumulation point of the sequence .
The concept of a net generalizes the idea of a sequence . A net is a function where is a directed set and is a topological space . A point is said to be a or if , for every neighbourhood of and every there is some such that equivalently , if it has a subnet which converges to Cluster points in nets encompass the idea of both condensation points and ω-accumulation points . Clustering and limit points are also defined for filters .
Relation between accumulation point of a sequence and accumulation point of a set
Every sequence in is by definition just a map so that its image can be defined in the usual way .
If there exists an element that occurs infinitely many times in the sequence , is an accumulation point of the sequence . But need not be an accumulation point of the corresponding set For example , if the sequence is the constant sequence with value we have and is an isolated point of and not an accumulation point of
If no element occurs infinitely many times in the sequence , for example if all the elements are distinct , any accumulation point of the sequence is an -accumulation point of the associated set
Conversely , given a countable infinite set in we can enumerate all the elements of in many ways , even with repeats , and thus associate with it many sequences that will satisfy
Any -accumulation point of is an accumulation point of any of the corresponding sequences ( because any neighborhood of the point will contain infinitely many elements of and hence also infinitely many terms in any associated sequence ) .
A point that is an -accumulation point of can not be an accumulation point of any of the associated sequences without infinite repeats ( because has a neighborhood that contains only finitely many ( possibly even none ) points of and that neighborhood can only contain finitely many terms of such sequences ) .
Properties
Every limit of a non-constant sequence is an accumulation point of the sequence .
And by definition , every limit point is an adherent point .
The closure of a set is a disjoint union of its limit points and isolated points :
A point is a limit point of if and only if it is in the closure of
If we used to denote the set of limit points of then we have the following characterization of the closure of : The closure of is equal to the union of and This fact is sometimes taken as the of closure .
A corollary of this result gives us a characterisation of closed sets : A set is closed if and only if it contains all of its limit points .
No isolated point is a limit point of any set .
A space is discrete if and only if no subset of has a limit point .
If a space has the trivial topology and is a subset of with more than one element , then all elements of are limit points of If is a singleton , then every point of is a limit point of
See also
Citations
References
Topology
General topology
`` Superman : Last Stand of New Krypton '' is a 2010 crossover story arc in the various Superman comic book series published by DC Comics . It follows the events from World of New Krypton and leads directly into War of the Supermen .
In this story arc , Superman and the Kryptonians defend their planet of New Krypton from an invasion of Brainiac 's robotic army . The Man of Steel is aided in their effort by several members of the Superman Family , including Supergirl , Superboy , Mon-El and the Legion of Super-Heroes . Meanwhile , the heroes ' efforts to defeat Brainiac are confounded by the machinations of two of Superman 's most dangerous enemies , Lex Luthor and General Zod .
Plot summary
Brainiac unleashes their robot army against the planet of New Krypton , and the Kryptonian citizens rise up to fight the drones . Superman manages to enter Brainiac 's ship after penetrating its force field . Supergirl leads the Kryptonians against the drones , but is attacked by an anti-Kryptonian Brainiac probe . Superboy , Mon-El , and the Legion of Super-Heroes join the fight and save Supergirl and the predestined future of their home worlds . The Legion explains to Zod that , just as Krypton 's city of Kandor was held in a bottle onboard Brainiac 's ship , other planets ' cities are also imprisoned , and , therefore , Zod can not destroy Brainiac 's ship until the cities can be rescued . Zod sends Supergirl off and then arrests the Legionnaires , branding them terrorists . Meanwhile , Superman is about to face off against Brainiac when they are knocked down by a kryptonite energy blast fired by Lex Luthor and subsequently captured .
Alura confronts Zod and tells them the Legion are not terrorists . As Alura and Zod argue , the Legion attempts to break into Brainiac 's ship , but fail . Inside Brainiac 's ship , Superman and Mon-El continue to gather the trapped cities , but are confronted by a re-energized Brainiac . During the brawl , Superman is able to get hold of the telepathic Lanothians but Brainiac teleports away with all the others bottled cities that Mon-El and Superman had in their possession . The Legion manages to enter Brainiac 's ship thanks to Brainiac 5 's help . But even this does not seem to help , and New Krypton is put into a bottle . Superman is pummeled by Brainiac 's weapon 's system and is declared dead . Zod says that Brainiac has lost .
The city that Luthor expanded is still growing , now putting Kandor at risk . As Brainiac 5 works on the problem , Supergirl is shocked to discover Superman impaled by pieces of Brainiac 's ship as a result of the explosion . Brainiac confronts Luthor and is furious that Lex sabotaged their ship . Luthor mocks them and spits in their eye before Brainiac angrily snaps Luthor 's neck , killing him .
Meanwhile , Zod is eager for a final showdown with Brainiac , who calls Zod a coward for confronting Brainiac with their powers intact and an army of super-powered Kryptonians at their back . In response , Zod fires the red sun radiation from an Archer rifle at himself , to remove their powers . Brainiac 5 gives Superman a transfusion of Conner 's blood and exposes them to a very large dose of concentrated synthesized yellow sun rays . Using these techniques , Brainiac 5 is able to revive Superman .
Despite the loss of their powers , Zod is able to get the upper hand and force Brainiac to their knees . Zod is about to shoot Brainiac when Superman intervenes . This causes a heated argument between Superman and Zod . Zod commands their soldiers to restrain Kal-El so Zod can proceed with the execution of Brainiac . Brainiac 5 , sensing that this is their moment of destiny , steps in and teleports themselves and Brainiac off of New Krypton .
It is revealed that Lex used a Luthor robot , supplied by Toyman , to accomplish their mission on New Krypton . It was the robot that was `` killed '' by Brainiac . Lex is very much alive and discussing with General Lane how their objective , to bring chaos to New Krypton , was achieved . Lex has been working as an agent of General Lane all along . The disarray that Lex caused provides Lane with a window of opportunity as they prepare for the impending war with New Krypton . Lex receives a Presidential pardon for their efforts .
The story has two separate independent endings ; following the destruction , Zod rallies their remaining Kryptonian forces and declares war on the planet Earth ( which concludes in Superman : War of the Supermen ) . Meanwhile , the time traveling Legionaires ( specifically Mon-El ) return all the shrunken cities captured from Brainiac 's ship to their predestined home worlds .
Collected editions
Superman : The Last Stand of New Krypton Vol . 1 ( 168 pages , Collecting , Collecting Superman : The Last Stand of New Krypton # 1-2 , Adventure Comics # 8-9 , Supergirl # 51 and Superman # 698 )
Superman : The Last Stand of New Krypton Vol . 2 ( 128 pages , Collecting Superman : The Last Stand of New Krypton # 3 , Adventure Comics # 10-11 , Supergirl # 52 and Superman # 699 )
References
Last Stand of New Krypton
Superhero comics
The 1962 Brisbane Rugby League season was the 54th season of the Brisbane Rugby League premiership . Eight teams from across Brisbane competed for the premiership , which culminated in Northern Suburbs defeating Fortitude Valley 22-0 to claim their fourth consecutive premiership .
Ladder
Finals
Source :
References
1962 in rugby league
1962 in Australian rugby league
Rugby leagues in Brisbane
Cheese straws are a traditional food of England and the Southern United States . They are eaten as an appetizer or snack . They are made as cut strips , or by using a cookie press , from dough made with butter , flour , salt , cheddar cheese and cayenne pepper . Variations use different types of cheese , spices and nuts .
References
Snack foods
Cuisine of the Southern United States
This is a list of genera in the plant family Ericaceae , which includes the heaths , heathers , epacrids , and blueberries . As currently circumscribed , the family contains about 4000 species into more than 120 genera classified into 9 subfamilies .
Current understanding
The list shown here follows the phylogenetic classification of Kron et al . ( 2002 ) , with modifications as per Stevens et al . ( 2004 ) , Quinn et al . ( 2005 ) , Albrecht et al . ( 2010 ) , Gillespie & Kron ( 2010 ) , and Craven ( 2011 ) .
Nonetheless , much of the taxonomy within the Vaccinioideae is in flux . Multiple studies of the Gaultherieae have now shown Pernettya , Diplycosia ( already including Pernettyopsis ) , and Tepuia to be nested within Gaultheria , although publication formalizing the transfers are yet to be published . Similarly , most of Vaccinieae has not been investigated using molecular techniques , and many genera are likely paraphyletic or polyphyletic . Neotropical and Old World Vaccinioideae are particularly poorly known .
Relevant recent synonymy include Bruckenthalia with Erica , Leiophyllum and Loiseleuria with Kalmia , and Diplarche and Menziesia with Rhododendron .
Genera
Notes
References
External links
List of Ericaceae Genera at the Missouri Botanical Garden
List of Ericaceae Genera at The Plant List
List
Ericaceae
Ericaceae
.List , Genera
Griselinia jodinifolia known locally as yemo chico is a shrub with a natural distribution in Chile ranging from Maule Region ( ~35° S ) in the north to Los Lagos Region ( ~41° S ) . It is found in near the coast .
References
Florachilena.cl
Griseliniaceae
Shrubs
Flora of central Chile
Flora of southern Chile
Almedalen ( in literal English translation : The Elm Valley ) is a park in the Swedish city of Visby on the island of Gotland . It is well known in Sweden as the central site of the annual Almedalen Week .
In medieval times the area , just outside the city walls , was the city harbour . Due to the post-glacial rebound , the port over time grew too shallow and a new one had to be constructed further away from the city , where the sea is deeper . In the 19th century the area went by the name Gamle Hamn ( Old Port ) . When the area was planted with elms in the 1870s , the name Almedalen was coined .
In Sweden , the name Almedalen is generally associated with the Almedalen Week , an annual event in Visby , which is an important meeting place for everyone involved in Swedish politics . During the week , which takes place during the 27th week of every year , representatives from the major political parties in Sweden take turns giving speeches in the park .
The county library of Gotland , the conference centre Visby Strand ( opened in April 2007 ) , and Campus Gotland are situated next to the park .
References
External links
Municipality of Gotland : Almedalen
Visby
Parks in Sweden
Tourist attractions in Gotland County
Geography of Gotland County
The LG Chocolate ( VX8550 ) ( also known as the VX8550 or the LG Chocolate Spin ) was the second of four versions of the LG Chocolate series mobile phone sold in North America . The device was manufactured from July 2007 to August 2008 for sale by Verizon Wireless in the United States and Telus in Canada . The device was sold in four colors : black , black cherry ( red ) , blue mint ( blue ) , and ice blue ( light blue ) . The model was discontinued with the unveiling of the LG Chocolate 3 in August 2008 .
Features
Some of the features of the device include :
Touch controls with vibrational feedback
Navigational wheel
Lock buttons on side
Music button on side
Microphone button on side
1.3-megapixel camera
Micro SD slot
GetItNow application disabled
Verizon notified its users of this and many other `` older '' phones that unless they accessed the GetItNow function of their phones prior to March 25 of 2011 and installed a critical update , they would never be able to use any of the GetItNow applications ( including the backup assistant ) again . After March 25 , the update became unavailable— Verizon was the sole source of this update .
References
Verizon Wireless
LG Electronics USA - Mobile Phones
LG Electronics Canada - Mobile Phones ( English )
See also
Verizon Wireless
LG Chocolate ( VX8500 )
LG Chocolate ( VX8560 )
VX8550
Mobile phones introduced in 2007
State Highway 126 ( abbreviated SH-126 ) was a state highway in McClain County , Oklahoma . It ran from SH-76 north of Dibble to SH-24 in Washington , paralleling SH-74B . The route was long , and did not have any lettered spur routes .
SH-126 existed as a state highway for about ten years , from 1956 to 1966 . After it was decommissioned , it was given to McClain County . The road is currently signed as 240th Street in McClain County 's 9-1-1 road naming system . Before this , it was commonly referred to as Washington Road .
Route description
SH-126 began at what is now the intersection of SH-76 and 240th Street . It proceeded east from this intersection along 240th Street . At present-day May Avenue , the highway turned south to cross Dibble Creek , a tributary of Walnut Creek . After crossing the bridge , the highway continued east on 240th Street , crossing Sandy Creek , another tributary of Walnut Creek . The route then ended at SH-24 on the western outskirts of Washington .
History
SH-126 first appears on the 1957 Oklahoma state highway map , implying it was added to the state highway system the year prior . As of 1958 , the highway in its entirety was composed of gravel . By the following year , the east half of the highway had been paved . The highway remained in this state until 1966 , when it was removed from the state highway system and turned over to McClain County .
Junction list
References
126
Ronald H. Strahle ( December 16 , 1921 – October 29 , 1993 ) was an American politician who served in the Colorado House of Representatives from 1967 to 1987 . They served as Speaker of the Colorado House of Representatives from 1977 to 1979 .
References
1921 births
1993 deaths
Members of the Colorado House of Representatives
Speakers of the Colorado House of Representatives
Colorado Republicans
20th-century American politicians
Wienhausen Abbey or Convent ( ) near Celle in Lower Saxony , Germany , is a community of Evangelical Lutheran women , which until the Reformation was a Cistercian Catholic nunnery . The abbey owns significant artworks and artifacts , including a collection of tapestries and the earliest surviving example of a type of eyeglasses .
History
The abbey was established in Wienhausen , from the town of Celle , on the bank of the Aller , in or about 1230 by Agnes von Landsberg , daughter-in-law of Henry the Lion , Duke of Saxony and Bavaria . According to the Wienhausen town chronicle , this was the relocation of a monastic foundation made 10 years previously on a site at Nienhagen several kilometers away , which was moved because it had been built on marshland .
In 1233 the foundation of the nunnery here was officially confirmed by Konrad II of Riesenberg , bishop of Hildesheim , who transferred to the new abbey the archdeaconry church that had stood in Wienhausen since the mid 11th century , and the tithes of several villages . The nuns lived according to the Cistercian rule although it is unclear to what extent they were ever formally part of the Cistercian hierarchy .
In 1469 the abbey came under the influence of the reformist Windesheim Congregation and were obliged to tighten up their Cistercian practice ; one side-effect of the reform was that the then abbess , Katharina von Hoya , was removed to another nunnery .
In the 16th century , Duke Ernest of Brunswick-Lüneburg enforced the Reformation in their duchy . Despite the opposition of the entire community , the nunnery was transformed from a Roman Catholic into a Lutheran establishment for unmarried noble women ( Damenstift ) in 1531 , after the Duke had broken the resistance of the community by the demolition of the provostry and most of the chapels in the church , and the confiscation of the provostry property , which formed a substantial part of the abbey 's income . The destroyed buildings were rebuilt 19 years later ( in about 1550 ) as half-timbered structures . In 1587 , the first officially Protestant abbess was installed , and in 1616 the community stopped wearing Cistercian habits , although it had a reputation for secret leanings to Catholicism for many years afterwards .
Architecture
Most of the historic buildings , in the style known as Brick Gothic , are well-preserved . East of the church are a water mill and the farm building . Directly north of the church and at right angles to it are the two conventual building ranges : one dates from the Middle Ages , while the one to the east is a post-Reformation half-timbered building of about 1550 . Between them is a two-storey cloister , a Brick Gothic masterpiece .
The church consists of two parts : the original Romanesque 11th century church that belonged to the archdeaconry once based here , that predates the foundation of the nunnery , and originally had a tower that was demolished , in keeping with Cistercian practice , when the abbey was first established here ; and a Gothic church built onto the west end of the earlier structure , which comprises the nuns ' private chapel ( Nonnenchor ) on the upper floor and the strangers ' church or pilgrims ' hall ( Pilgersaal ) on the ground floor . The Romanesque and the Gothic parts of the building are today separated by a wooden partition wall and are used independently .
Completed in the 14th century , the nuns ' chapel is remarkable even among Gothic places of worship for its intricate decorations . The ceiling and walls are completely covered with biblical images and ornaments , which portrayed , among other subjects , the Creation , and the life , death and resurrection of Jesus , and their reign in New Jerusalem . Several artifacts were discovered during a renovation in 1953 , including the world 's oldest preserved rivet spectacles which date back to the 14th or 15th century .
The abbey is known for its collection of Gothic tapestries from the 14th and 15th centuries . Each year following Pentecost , the tapestries are on public display . Subjects include both Christian and secular themes , e.g . the legend of Tristan and Isolde , several saints ' stories ( including Saints Thomas , Anne and Elizabeth ) , as well as the Mirror of Human Salvation . The art treasures are maintained and displayed by the members of the community .
Today , with several other women 's Lutheran religious houses in the area , collectively known as the Lüneburger Klöster , Wienhausen is maintained by the Monastic Chamber of Hanover ( ) , an institution of the former Kingdom of Hanover founded by Prince-Regent George IV in 1818 , in order to manage and preserve the estates of Lutheran convents on their behalf , now continued as an institution of Hanover 's successor state of Lower Saxony subordinate to its Ministry/Department of Science and Culture .
Images
List of abbesses
Notes
References
External links
Wienhausen municipal website : page on Kloster Wienhausen
Eyeglasses Through the Ages
The Invention of Spectacles
Cistercian nunneries in Germany
Lutheran women 's convents
Monasteries in Lower Saxony
Buildings and structures completed in the 13th century
1230s establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
1230 establishments in Europe
1531 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Lüneburg Heath
Brick Gothic
Gothic architecture in Germany
The raising of the son of the woman of Shunem is a miracle by Elisha narrated in the Hebrew Bible , 2 Kings 4 .
The story begins at 2 Kings 4:8 , and is demarcated from the previous story by Elisha 's arrival in Shunem , and by a change in hero — from the widow of the son of the prophets ( 4:1-7 ) to the rich woman of Shunem .
References
Resurrection
Books of Kings
Women in the Hebrew Bible
Jewish miracles
`` Ich bin die Sehnsucht in dir '' ( I am the longing in you ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen . It 's the lead single and the third track from the album Zurück zum Glück . The lead singer takes on the role of personified desire and describes their destructive , yet symbiotic relationship with an unidentified individual whom they address directly , possibly the listener .
Music video
The music video was directed by Philipp Stölzl .
It shows clips of various people and what they are missing ( the word is shown on or near them ) : `` to see you again '' , `` warmth '' , `` clarity '' , `` to get to know my father '' , `` a miracle '' , `` a girlfriend '' , `` to move the soul '' , `` honour '' , `` Maria '' , `` to be young one more time '' , `` forgiveness '' , `` to be world champion '' , `` courage '' , `` justice '' , `` a daughter '' , `` to be somewhere else '' , `` to fuck '' , `` freedom '' , `` respect '' .
Track listing
`` Ich bin die Sehnsucht in dir '' ( von Holst/Frege , Weitholz ) − 4:03
`` Es geht auch ohne '' ( It 's okay without ) ( Meurer/van Dannen , Frege ) - 2:07
`` Niemandslied '' ( No one 's song ) ( van Dannen , Frege/van Dannen , Frege ) - 2:24
`` Fallen '' ( Falling ) ( Breitkopf/Frege ) - 3:30
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2004 singles
Die Toten Hosen songs
Songs written by Campino ( singer )
Songs written by Andreas von Holst
2004 songs
Jianguang may refer to :
Jianguang Subdistrict ( 剑光街道 ) , a subdistrict in Fengcheng , Jiangxi , China
Historical eras
Jianguang ( 建光 , 121–122 ) , era name used by Emperor An of Han
Jianguang ( 建光 , 388–391 ) , era name used by Zhai Liao
Latala ( , also Romanized as Lāṭalā ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 33 , in 13 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Levers Pacific Plantations Ltd. was a British company incorporated in 1902 , by William Lever , in London , as a subsidiary of Lever Brothers which wanted to get more control on raw materials like copra for its soap , mainly for Lever Brothers Factory . Their first general manager was G. Foulton based in Sydney . In 1903 the company was granted access to copra and phosphate reserves in the Pacific .
References
British companies established in 1902
Defunct companies based in London
The Cougar C20 was a Group C sports car prototype used in sports car racing from 1987 to 1990 .
Development history and technology
The Cougar C20 , a closed Group C prototype , was developed by Yves Courage in 1987 and prepared for the respective races by their own racing team , the Courage Compétition . Powered by a 3-liter Porsche 6-cylinder turbocharged engine , the race car made its debut at the 1987 1000 km Monza race . The vehicle was driven by Joël Gouhier and Hervé Regout , who finished ninth overall after eleventh place on the grid .
Racing history
The greatest success for this type of vehicle was third place overall in the 1987 24 Hours of Le Mans , driven by Regout , Yves Courage , and Pierre-Henri Raphanel .
In 1988 , the C20B brought an evolutionary step to the racetrack . Both variants were used in parallel for a year , and from 1989 the B version was Courage 's emergency vehicle for two years . However , this vehicle was only rolled to the start four times . 1988 at the 1000 km race of Monza and in Silverstone , as well as 1989 and 1990 at the 24-hour race of Le Mans . At Le Mans , the cars were entered in the smaller prototype class - the C2 class . There was a victory in this class in 1989 by Jean-Claude Andruet , Philippe Farjon , and Shunji Kasuya .
References
Le Mans Prototypes
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Porsche vehicles
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Mid-engined cars
Sports prototypes
Cars introduced in 1987
Cars of France
Cars powered by boxer engines
Group C
Przeprowadzka ( `` Moving '' ) - album by Czesław Niemen released on compact cassette in 1982 . It contains music recorded for Janusz Łęski 's films `` Rodzina Leśniewskich '' ( `` Leśniewski Family '' ) , `` Kłusownik '' ( `` The Poacher '' ) and `` Przygrywka '' ( `` Playing up '' ) . Never released on CD or LP .
Track listing
`` Temat rodzinny ''
`` Wszystkim ludziom co do pracy spieszą '' ( lyrics Wojciech Młynarski )
`` Bąble ''
`` Kwiaty dla mamy cz . I i II ''
`` Dobranoc ''
`` Rozmowy ''
`` Bąble w ZOO ''
`` Koledzy - rywale ''
`` Zaloty ''
`` Bieg z przeszkodami ''
`` Slalom ''
`` Zachwyt ''
`` Marzenie ''
`` Przed Wigilią ''
`` Kolęda rodzinna '' ( lyrics Wojciech Młynarski )
`` Bąble w cyrku ''
`` Piękna woltyżerka ''
`` Witaj przygodo zielona '' ( lyrics Wojciech Młynarski )
`` Dom cz . I i II ''
`` Mały włóczęga ''
`` Stare ścieżki ''
`` Nieznajomy młokos ''
`` Ucieczka w nieznane ''
`` Przygrywka '' ( lyrics Wojciech Młynarski )
Personnel
Czesław Niemen - keyboards , vocal ( track 18 )
Children choir under direction of W. Seredyński - ( tracks 2 , 15 )
Gawęda under direction of A. Kieruzalski - ( track 24 )
Czesław Niemen albums
Film soundtracks
1982 soundtrack albums
George Jackson Bentham ( 1863-31 October 1929 ) was a British Liberal Party politician .
Background
They were born as George Jackson in Hull in 1863 , the son of William and Sarah Jackson . They were educated at Hull and privately . They married Ada Marshall , daughter of Thomas and Ann Marshall . They had two daughters . They assumed the name of Bentham by special licence .
Career
They were Managing Director for Jackson & Son , Ltd , general food providers . They were a member of Hull City Council from 1892 to 1910 . They served as a Justice of the Peace in the East Riding , and also in the city of Hull . They contested the safe Conservative seat of Central Hull at the 1906 General Election , and finished second . They served as Member of Parliament for the seat of Gainsborough , Lincolnshire from 1910 to 1918 . The Liberal Party had won the seat at the 1906 election but their candidate subsequently defected to the Liberal Unionists . The local Liberal selected Bentham to replace them and they held the seat at both the General Elections of 1910 .
At the end of the war they defended their seat against a Unionist who had received the endorsement of the Coalition Government , and was defeated ;
They did not stand for parliament again .
Sources
Who Was Who
British parliamentary election results 1885–1918 , Craig , F. W. S .
References
External links
Who Was Who ; http : //www.ukwhoswho.com
1863 births
1929 deaths
Liberal Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
Lydia Kingsmill Commander ( October 18 , 18691941 or 1942 ) was a Canadian-born journalist , minister , and activist who worked mainly in the United States . Trained as a minister , they led a church in Wisconsin before moving to the Ruskin Colony . They then came to New York City , where they edited several magazines and was involved in the suffrage movement . Them book The American Idea ( 1907 ) argued that American families should have many more children in order to combat malign influences on the population .
Early life and education
Lydia Kingsmill Commander was born on October 18 , 1869 , in Clinton , Ontario , to Lydia ( Kingsmill ) and Charles Richard Commander . They attended a collegiate institute in Stratford , Ontario , the University of Western Ontario , and Meadville Theological School ( now Meadville Lombard Theological School ) in Meadville , Pennsylvania . According to a 1907 profile , they `` spent most of their girlhood in Toledo , Ohio '' , and lived in Detroit , Michigan , for a time .
Career
As of 1897 , Commander was pastor of a Congregational church in Baraboo , Wisconsin . They left that position to become a member of the Ruskin Colony . At the colony , they met Herbert Newton Casson , who became their husband . They were married in two ceremonies : first on March 5 , 1899 , and second on May 4 , 1899 . After the second marriage ceremony , they told the press that Lydia would not take Herbert 's name—a decision regarded as unusual at the time . They and Casson likely separated around 1915 .
After their marriage , Commander moved to New York with Casson . As a journalist , Commander edited the New York Journal , Bellamy Review , and Fair Play . As an activist , they lectured for the New York Humane Society and co-founded the Women 's Political Union , a militant suffragist group . As of 1908 , they chaired the Women 's League of New York state .
Elaine Tyler May describes Commander as a `` feminist , trade unionist , and peace activist '' .
Commander died in London , England , in late 1941 or early 1942 .
Publications
In 1903 , Peter Eckler of New York published Commander 's short story titled `` Marred in the Making '' . According to a review in The Arena by B. O . Flower , `` Marred '' is about `` [ a ] lust-begotten child , the fruit of low animal gratification on the part of the father . It came undesired even by the mother , and its life emphasized in a tragic way the result of an existence cursed by a father 's lust and a mother 's loathing even before it saw the light of day . ''
Commander 's book The American Idea : Does the National Tendency Toward a Small Family Point to Race Suicide or Race Degeneration ? , published by Alfred Smith Barnes 's company in 1907 , argued that American families should have six children so that the population would not be composed of `` soldiers , imbeciles , and cripples , three classes with which we might well dispense '' . The American Idea was dedicated to Theodore Roosevelt , whom it credited with the first recognition of the `` race suicide '' problem in the United States .
According to The American Idea , `` the American race '' was `` disappearing '' because Americans did not have enough children . The book was part of a trend in American writing around the turn of the 20th century in which advocates argued that the `` American race '' should be preserved against malign influences and that the United States was risking `` race suicide '' through increased immigration . In addition to its arguments about population , The American Idea argued that the divorce rate would be reduced if Americans adopted what Commander called a `` marriage of equality '' , which they distinguished from a `` tribal marriage '' .
References
1869 births
1940s deaths
19th-century Congregationalist ministers
20th-century American women writers
20th-century Canadian women writers
American Congregationalist ministers
American suffragists
Canadian emigrants to the United States
People from Huron County , Ontario
University of Western Ontario alumni
Jefferson County ( county code JF ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas . At the 2020 census , the county population was 18,368 . Its county seat is Oskaloosa , and its most populous city is Valley Falls .
History
Early history
For many millennia , the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans . From the 16th century to 18th century , the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America . In 1762 , after the French and Indian War , France secretly ceded New France to Spain , per the Treaty of Fontainebleau .
19th century
In 1802 , Spain returned most of the land to France , but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles . In 1803 , most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre .
In 1854 , the Kansas Territory was organized , then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state . In 1855 , Jefferson County was established , and was named for President Thomas Jefferson . Settlement of the county was slowed by events prior to and during the Civil War , but the present day unincorporated community of Thompsonville ( 3 miles northwest of Perry on the Delaware River ) was the first established in 1851 by Mormon settlers who initially refused to accompany the main group led by Brigham Young to the Salt Lake Valley . The settlement was first abandoned due to the violence resulting from the border wars , but was re-established when the Civil War ended .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 4.3 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Atchison County ( north )
Leavenworth County ( east )
Douglas County ( south )
Shawnee County ( southwest )
Jackson County ( northwest )
Demographics
Jefferson County is included in the Topeka , KS Metropolitan Statistical Area .
At the 2000 Census , there were 18,426 people , 6,830 households and 5,190 families residing in the county . The population density was 34 per square mile ( 13/km2 ) . There were 7,491 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile ( 5/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 96.70 % White , 0.92 % Native American , 0.37 % Black or African American , 0.17 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.42 % from other races , and 1.41 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.28 % of the population .
There were 6,830 households , of which 35.70 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.20 % were married couples living together , 7.00 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 24.00 % were non-families . 20.10 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 9.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.07 .
27.40 % of the population were under the age of 18 , 7.00 % from 18 to 24 , 28.00 % from 25 to 44 , 24.90 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 38 years . For every 100 females , there were 102.60 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.90 males .
The median household income was $ 45,535 and the median family income was $ 50,557 . Males had a median income of $ 36,174 compared with $ 25,468 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,373 . About 5.30 % of families and 6.70 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 6.90 % of those under age 18 and 7.70 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Presidential elections
Like all of Kansas outside the eastern cities , Jefferson County is a Republican stronghold , having not been won by a Democrat since Franklin D. Roosevelt 's 1932 landslide – although it was one of three Kansas counties to give a plurality to Ross Perot in 1992 .
Laws
Jefferson County was a prohibition , or `` dry '' , county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 % food sales requirement .
The county voted `` No '' on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment , an anti-abortion ballot measure , by 55 % to 45 % despite backing Donald Trump with 65 % of the vote to Joe Biden 's 33 % in the 2020 presidential election .
Education
Unified school districts
Valley Falls USD 338
Jefferson County North USD 339
Jefferson West USD 340
Oskaloosa USD 341
McLouth USD 342
Perry-Lecompton USD 343
Communities
Cities
McLouth
Meriden
Nortonville
Oskaloosa ( county seat )
Ozawkie
Perry
Valley Falls
Winchester
Census-designated place
Grantville
Other unincorporated communities
Boyle
Buck Creek
Dunavant
Lakeside Village
Half Mound
Indian Ridge
Lake Shore
Medina
Mooney Creek
Newman
Rock Creek
Thompsonville
West Shore
Williamstown
Townships
Jefferson County is divided into twelve townships . None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent , and all figures for the townships include those of the cities . In the following table , the population center is the largest city ( or cities ) included in that township 's population total , if it is of a significant size .
Notable people
Roger Barker ( 1903-1990 ) , American environmental psychologist
John Curry ( 1897–1946 ) , painter
Mary Lowman ( 1842-1912 ) , first woman in Kansas to be elected mayor with a city council composed entirely of women .
Charles Roberts ( 1936- ) , American politician
See also
References
Notes
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Jefferson County , Kansas ; Geo . A. Ogle & Co ; 69 pages ; 1916 .
Descriptive Atlas of Jefferson County , Kansas ; Acme Publishing Co ; 44 pages ; 1899 .
External links
County
Jefferson County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Jefferson County Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Kansas counties
Topeka metropolitan area , Kansas
