Rugby X is a variant of rugby union , or more precisely rugby sevens , in which teams are made up of five players , typically three forwards and two backs . Matches are much shorter , usually played for ten minutes , without any half-time break .
The game was invented by Ben Ryan as variant of rugby sevens with more speed and action , and was first launched on 29 October 2019 as a six teams international tournament in The O2 Arena , London .
The rules ( law variations ) are similar to rugby sevens and are approved by World Rugby .
Rules
The game is intended as fast-paced version of sevens rugby , but contrary to this seven-a-side version , its rules vastly diverge from the rugby union classic rules :
The pitch is half-sized compared to rugby sevens , with 55m x 32m dimensions plus 5m run offs .
There are five players per side plus seven rolling substitutes that are allowed to come in at breaks in play following tries .
There is a single scoring unit : 5 points per try without conversions , drop goals or penalties .
Kick-offs are replaced by tap starts on the 5m line , with opposing team standing 10m back .
Chip kicks allowed but not box kicks , up and unders or any kick over 10m in height ( referee is supposed to receive real time notification using ball tracking technology )
Line outs are replaced by quick throws made by a substitute .
There are only three people per scrums with no pushing and hooking is allowed .
Drawn matches are settled by a ‘ one on one ' involving one defender on 5m line and one attacker 30m from goal with a ball . The attacker has 10 seconds to score . It is played as per a sudden death penalty shoot out – if Team A scores , Team B must then score or Team A wins the match .
History
The project was initially launched by Ben Ryan , former Olympic gold medalist Fiji 's coach , with the cooperation of both World Rugby and RFU ; the first tournament being held in London , England .
Tournaments
2019 Rugby X Tournament
Sides included France , Ireland , United States and England national sevens teams for the women 's tournament and France , Ireland , United States , England and Argentina national sevens teams plus a Barbarian F.C . invitational team for the men 's tournament .
women 's tournament was won by England and the men 's tournament by Argentina .
References
External links
X
Laura Antonelli ( Antonaz ; 28 November 1941 – 22 June 2015 ) was an Italian film actor , who appeared in 45 films between 1964 and 1991 .
Early years
Antonelli was born Laura Antonaz in Pola , Kingdom of Italy ( in Croatian , Pula ) , former capital of Istria . After the war , their parents fled what was then Yugoslavia , lived in Italian refugee camps and eventually settled in Naples , where their father found work as a hospital administrator . Antonelli had a childhood interest in mathematics , but as a teenager , they became proficient at gymnastics . In an interview for The New York Times , they recalled , `` My parents had made me take hours of gym classes during my teens ... They felt I was ugly , clumsy , insignificant and they hoped I would at least develop some grace . I became very good , especially in rhythmical gym , which is a kind of dance . ''
Setting aside ambitions to make a career in mathematics , they graduated as a gymnastics instructor . They moved to Rome , where they became a secondary-school gym teacher and was able to meet people in the entertainment industry , who helped them find modelling jobs .
Career
Antonelli 's earliest engagements included Italian advertisements for Coca-Cola . In 1965 , they made their first feature-film appearance in Le sedicenni , although their performance went uncredited . Them American debut came in 1966 in Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs . Other roles followed ; their breakthrough came in 1973 's Malizia . They appeared in a number of sex farces such as Till Marriage Do Us Part/Mio Dio come sono caduta in basso ! .
They worked in more serious films , as well , including Luchino Visconti 's last film , The Innocent ( 1976 ) . In Wifemistress , a romance film of 1977 , they played a repressed wife experiencing a sexual awakening . Later , they appeared in Passione d'Amore ( 1981 ) . From 1986 they mostly worked on Italian television series . Antonelli 's final film role was in the sequel Malizia 2000 ( 1991 ) , following which they retired . They won the Italian National Syndicate of Film Journalists Award , Nastro d'Argento , in 1974 for Malizia .
Personal life
Antonelli was married to publisher Enrico Piacentini but they divorced . From 1972 to 1980 , they were the companion of actor Jean-Paul Belmondo .
On 27 April 1991 , cocaine was found during a police raid on Antonelli 's home . They were subsequently convicted of possession and dealing and sentenced to house arrest . They spent ten years appealing the conviction , which was eventually overturned . In 2006 , the Italian court of appeals ruled in favor of Antonelli and ordered the Ministry of Justice to pay the actor 108,000 euros .
Antonelli died in Ladispoli on 22 June 2015 , aged 73 , from a heart attack .
Filmography
TV appearances
( 1988 ) ( miniseries ) as Lisa
Disperatamente Giulia ( 1989 ) ( miniseries ) as Carmen Milkovich
References
External links
1941 births
2015 deaths
Istrian Italian people
People from Pula
Italian film actores
20th-century Italian actores
Nastro d'Argento winners
Italian Roman Catholics
Italian television actores
The 2009–10 Virginia Tech Hokies men 's basketball team represented the Virginia Tech in the 2009–10 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Hokies were coached by Seth Greenberg and played their home games at Cassell Coliseum in Blacksburg , Virginia . The Hokies are a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference . They finished the season 25–9 , 10–6 in ACC play and lost in the quarterfinals of the 2010 ACC men 's basketball tournament . They were invited to the 2010 National Invitation Tournament where they advanced to the quarterfinals before falling to Rhode Island .
Roster
Source
2009-10 Schedule and results
Source
All times are Eastern
|-
! colspan=9| Regular Season
|-
! colspan=9| ACC Tournament
|-
! colspan=9| 2010 National Invitation Tournament
References
Virginia Tech Hokies
Virginia Tech Hokies men 's basketball seasons
Virginia Tech
Virginia Tech
Virginia Tech
Calatrava la Vieja ( formerly just Calatrava ) is a medieval site and original nucleus of the Order of Calatrava . It is now part of the Archaeological Parks ( Parques Arqueológicos ) of the Community of Castile-La Mancha . Situated at Carrión de Calatrava , Calatrava during the High Middle Ages was the only important city in the Guadiana River valley . It thus guarded the roads to Cordova and Toledo .
Its name is derived from the ( ) , a reference to the Arab nobleman who held this area in the 8th century , although as a fortress it may date even earlier – to Iberian times .
References to the site date from as early as 785 , and in 853 owing to conflicts between the Muslims of Toledo and the emirate of Cordova , it was partially destroyed , but rebuilt later . The site was rebuilt under al-Hakam ( son of Abd ar-Rahman II ) , brother of Muhammad I . It became the capital of the region . At the fall of the Caliphate of Cordova , the Taifa kingdoms or republics of Seville , Cordova , and Toledo competed to acquire Calatrava .
Toledo was conquered by Alfonso VI of Castile in 1085 , and the Almoravids arrived in the Iberian Peninsula a year later . In 1147 , Calatrava was conquered by Alfonso VII , becoming one of the farthest Christian outposts during this stage of the reconquista .
The castle was placed under the protection of the Knights Templar , but this proved unsatisfactory , and Sancho III of Castile made an offer : they would grant the town and fortress of Calatrava to anyone who promised to defend it from the Moors . Encouraged by a friar named Diego Velásquez , who had been a warrior before becoming a friar , Saint Raymond of Fitero took up the challenge . Sancho granted them the privilege of defending Calatrava , and Raymond organized an army , with the support of Juan II of Toledo , the Archbishop of Toledo , that successfully prevented the Moors from attacking this place in 1158 .
As a result of this success , Raymond decided to found the Order of Calatrava , organized along Cistercian lines .
The city was reconquered by the Almohads in 1195 , after their victory against Alfonso VIII at the Battle of Alarcos . They held it for 17 years , until 1212 , when it was recovered as part of the campaign that resulted in the decisive Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa : after conquering Calatrava , there were some disagreements among the members of the Christian coalition : French and other European knights were not used to the summer heat , but more importantly , they did not agree with Alfonso VIII´s order of humane treatment of Jews and Muslims . Previously , they had created problems in Toledo , ( where the different armies of the Crusade gathered ) , with assaults and murders in the Jewish Quarter . So , more than 30,000 men deserted and crossed back over the Pyrenees .
In 1217 , the Order of Calatrava moved to Calatrava la Nueva ( castle of Dueñas ) , 60 km to the south . Thus , the original site became known as `` Calatrava la Vieja '' ( `` Old Calatrava '' ) .
Calatrava la Vieja remained the center of the royal land grant , but it was completely abandoned by the early fifteenth century , when the Knight Commander of Calatrava moved their residence to Carrión de Calatrava .
References
External links
Parque Arqueológico Alarcos-Calatrava ( Red de Parques Arqueológicos de Castilla-La Mancha )
Calatrava La Vieja en www.nrtarqueologos.com
Galería Fotográfica en www.ciudad-real.es
Descripción detallada y extensa galería fotográfica en www.castillosnet.org
Abundante información del castillo y Geocaching en el yacimiento de Calatrava la Vieja
Archaeological sites in Castilla–La Mancha
Castles in Castilla–La Mancha
Buildings and structures in the Province of Ciudad Real
Former populated places in Spain
Reconquista
Thomas Brodrick ( 4 August 1654 – 3 October 1730 ) was an Irish and British politician who sat in the Irish House of Commons between 1692 and 1727 and also in the British House of Commons from 1713 to 1727 . They owned lands in both Surrey in England , and County Cork , Ireland .
Life
Brodrick was the eldest son of Sir St John Brodrick of Ballyannan , Midleton , County Cork and their wife Alice Clayton , daughter of Laurence Clayton of Mallow , County Cork . They were admitted at Trinity Hall , Cambridge and also at Middle Temple in 1670 . They received an LLB in 1677 . They inherited lands at Wandsworth in 1680 , and received a settlement of some of the family 's Irish lands upon marrying .
Brodrick sat in the Irish House of Commons for Midleton from 1692 to 1693 , for County Cork from 1695 to 1699 and again from 1703 to 1713 , and for Midleton again from 1715 to 1727 . They were appointed to the Irish Privy Council in 1695 , removed by the Tory administration in 1711 but reappointed in 1714 .
Brodrick lived more in England than Ireland in their adult years . They had contacts with Whig politicians in England and was appointed Comptroller of the Salt in 1706 , and joint comptroller of army accounts from 1708 to 1711 . They were elected as Member of Parliament for Stockbridge at the 1713 general election and again at the 1715 general election . At the 1722 general election , they were elected as MP for Guildford . They did not stand in the 1727 general election .
Dean Jonathan Swift referred to them in connection with their political activities at least twice in their writings .
Personal life
Brodrick died on 3 October 1730 at the family estate at Wandsworth , and was buried there . They were brother of Alan Brodrick , 1st Viscount Midleton . They married Anne Piggott , daughter of Alexander Piggott of Innishannon and they had one son , Laurence , who was appointed Register of Deeds and Conveyances in Ireland in 1735 .
References
1654 births
Politicians from County Cork
Members of the Parliament of Ireland ( pre-1801 ) for County Cork constituencies
Irish MPs 1692–1693
Irish MPs 1695–1699
Irish MPs 1703–1713
Irish MPs 1715–1727
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1713–1715
British MPs 1715–1722
British MPs 1722–1727
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
1730 deaths
Lanskaya platform ( ; ) is a railway station located in St. Petersburg , Russia .
Lanskaya is commuter passenger station , its platforms are located on a high embankment .
The platforms lie between Serdobolskaya street and Bolshoi Sampsonievsky street , passing over both by bridge .
Platform of a direction from Saint Petersburg bent , island ( but the left-hand side is used only ) .
Opposite to a platform there is Lanskaya electric substation .
The input on it is carried out from under the bridge , the two-mid-flight ladder blocked by the high arch barrel .
The direction platform to Saint Petersburg a straight line , lateral , an input on it is carried out from Serdobolskaya street and from the Bolshoy Sampsonevsky prospect .
A high-speed rail line between Saint Petersburg ( Finlyandsky Rail Terminal ) and Helsinki ( see Karelian Trains ) will pass through the station .
History
The first wooden station building was constructed in 1869 by architect Wolmar Westling .
The first train has solemnly proceeded through it on .
It has been located a little in the heart of building and before it there was a place for transport .
The facilities are located to the address 3 , Serdobolskaya street .
Through movement on all extent of a line between two capitals was opened personally by emperor Alexander II .
The station building was rebuilt in stone in 1910 by architect Bruno Granholm as a four-storeyed building , which was designed in the rational branch of the “ new style ” of architecture at the beginning of the 20th century ; an architectural style also known as a Romantic nationalism .
The annexe leant to a high railway embankment , it looks extremely ascetical . The window openings are whimsically scattered on the exterior surface of the walls , and reflect the internal structure of the building .
Picture gallery
The station during the Soviet period
The Saint Petersburg Finlyandsky-Vyborg line and Saint Petersburg Finlyandsky-Beloostrov through Sestroretsk line continued be worked by steam power after the revolution up to World War II .
The first work on electrification at this site began in 1950 .
In the early 1950s , the Lanskaya electric substation was built behind the station .
Electrification of the railway began in the direction of Leningrad to Zelenogorsk in 1951 . ( now it is a part of Saint Petersburg Finlyandsky-Vyborg line )
At station new platforms have been constructed and the length of trains has increased .
The track in the direction of Finlyandsky Rail Terminal and Udelnaya station has also been electrified .
On 4 August , 1951 at 1 hour and thirty minutes after midnight the electric power was switched on to the network of the first electrified line in the Karelian Isthmus area between Leningrad and Zelenogorsk . At 1 hour 50 minutes a trial trip of the first electric train set off en route in the direction of Arsenyev N. A .
The first passengers travelled on the electric-train during the day , conducted by train driver-instructor Romanov A. N .
Regular services also started on the same day .
In the 1952 , the Lansky-Sestroretsk-Beloostrov line ( now it is named Saint Petersburg Finlyandsky-Beloostrov through Sestroretsk line ) was electrified .
On the day of 1 June 1952 the first trial of an electric train went through Lanskaya and Sestroretsk to Beloostrov , and on the same day , from the morning onwards regular services began .
The time of electrification of the line connecting Lanskaya to Кushelevka is not known , but as of 2000 it too was electrified , as well as all tracks at the station .
Probably , in 1951 at station there was a railway failure .
The probability of this event is indirectly confirmed by the law edition the same year .
Station at the time of new Russia
The station underwent major repairs in 2003 .
Work was done on building of station and on a platform .
The enormous wood furnace which was in a corner of a waiting hall for almost a century was dismantled at this time .
Landmarks near to Lanskaya station
Near the station there was Lenin 's museum in their last safe house apartment used before the revolution of October 25 ( November 7 ) , 1917 . It was from this apartment that they left on foot to chair the revolution headquarters in downtown Smolny . The museum was mentioned in the computer game `` Revolutionary quest '' ( 2004 ) .
In January 1941 building , began of the Saint Petersburg Metro . Somewhere around the Lansky railway station it was planned to construct a terminal station for the Line 1 of Saint Petersburg Metro .
The station is in the memoirs of famous people :
The outstanding scientist , recipient of the USSR State Prize , Feodor Ivanovich Dubovitsky wrote that in 1931-1934 it by train with a steam locomotive went on a route from station Lansky to station Pesochny by last train .
Well-known Russian clown and actor Yuri Nikulin went to the Winter War from Lanskaya station Lanskaya in 1940 .
Route maps
References
External links
Lansky on a site Terioki
Railway stations designed by Bruno Granholm
Railway stations opened in 1869
1951 in rail transport
1869 establishments in the Russian Empire
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Saint Petersburg
Upper PWD Ward is a ward located under Nagaland 's capital city , Kohima . The ward falls under the designated Ward No . 11 of the Kohima Municipal Council .
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No . 11
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Trubitsyn ( ) is a rural locality ( a khutor ) in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement , Fatezhsky District , Kursk Oblast , Russia . Population :
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Kochuveli - Amritsar Weekly Express is a Express train of the Indian Railways connecting Kochuveli in Kerala and Amritsar Junction of Punjab . It is currently being operated with 12483/12483 train numbers on a weekly basis . It is running with an LHB rake W.E.F . 9 June 2019 . It is the only train that connects Kerala with Amritsar . From 11 , July 2021 it runs with new time . As per the new timetable 12483 departs Kochuveli at 09.15 hrs on every Wednesdays and reaches Amritsar at 13.50 hrs on every Fridays . In the return direction 12484 departs Amritsar at 05.55 hrs on every Sundays and reaches Kochuveli at 12.25 hrs on every Tuesdays . During monsoon periods over Konkan route the travelling time will be changed .
Service
The 12483/Kochuveli - Amritsar Weekly SF Express has an average speed of 58 km/hr and covers 3597 km in 52 hrs 35 mins . 12484/Amritsar - Kochuveli Weekly SF Express has an average speed of 62 km/hr and covers 3597 km in 54 hrs 30 mins .
Timings & Route
From 11th July 2021 it runs with new timings . Accordingly , 12483 Kochuveli - Amritsar Superfast Express departs Kochuveli on every Wednesday at 09.15 hrs and reaches Amritsar at 13:50 hrs on every Fridays . During monsoon periods it departs Kochuveli at 04.50 hrs on every Wednesdays and reaches Amritsar every Fridays at 13.50 hrs .
In return direction 12484 Amritsar - Kochuveli departs Amritsar at 05:55 hrs on every Sunday and reaches Kochuveli at 12:25 hrs on every Tuesdays . During monsoon periods ( Over Konkan Railway ) it departs Amritsar at 05.55 on every Sundays and reaches Kochuveli at 14.30 hrs on every Tuesdays .
It runs via , Kollam Junction , Kayamkulam , Alappuzha , Ernakulam Junction , Thrissur , Shoranur Junction , Kozhikode , Kannur , Kasaragod , Mangaluru Junction , Udupi , Madgaon , Ratnagiri , Panvel , Vasai Road , Surat , Vadodara , Kota Junction , Hazrat Nizamuddin , New Delhi , Ambala Cantonment , Ludhiana , Jalandhar City and Beas .
Coach composite
The train has a modern LHB rake with an MPS of 130 kmph . The train consists of 21 coaches :
2 AC II Tier
6 AC III Tier
7 Sleeper Class
4 General Unreserved
2 End On Generator Cars ( EOG )
Traction
As large sections of the route are yet to be fully electrified , a Vatva based WDM-3A locomotive powers the train for its entire journey .
Notes
See also
Kochuveli railway station
Amritsar Junction railway station
Indore–Pune Superfast Express
References
External links
12483/Kochuveli - Amritsar Weekly SF Express
12484/Amritsar - Kochuveli Weekly SF Express
Transport in Thiruvananthapuram
Transport in Amritsar
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Rail transport in Karnataka
Rail transport in Goa
Rail transport in Kerala
Rail transport in Gujarat
Rail transport in Rajasthan
Rail transport in Delhi
Rail transport in Punjab , India
Le déserteur is a 2008 Quebec feature film directed by Simon Lavoie . The film stars Émile Proulx-Cloutier , Raymond Cloutier , Danielle Proulx , Viviane Audet , Benoit Gouin and Gilles Renaud .
It tells the story of Georges Guénette , a deserter from the Canadian Army during World War II , who was shot and killed by members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
Background
Georges Guénette was a deserter from the Canadian Army and , like many French Canadians during World War II , an opponent of the war and conscription .
In May 1944 , a few months after Guénette deserted from the army , four Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) officers found Guenette in their father 's farmhouse , in St-Lambert-de-Lévis ( near Quebec City ) . They jumped out of a window and ran across the fields . Guénette fell , wounded `` by a ricocheting bullet , '' and died without the last rites of the church .
Two RCMP officers were later charged with manslaughter in Guénette 's death , and the shooting was an issue in the 1944 Quebec general election .
References
2008 films
Canadian drama films
Films about deserters
Films directed by Simon Lavoie
French-language Canadian films
2000s Canadian films
Rudy Verdonck ( born 7 August 1965 ) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist . They rode in three editions of the Tour de France .
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Turnhout
Cyclists from Antwerp Province
Jude Jacob Soonsup-Bell is an English footballer who plays as a striker for club Chelsea .
Early life
Born in Chippenham , Soonsup-Bell started their career at local side FC Calne , before joining Swindon Town . They moved to Chelsea at under-13 level .
In an interview Jude recalls “ always being in love with the sport ” . They grew up idolising Portuguese legend Cristiano Ronaldo , and states them as an influence on their style of play .
Jude 's surname , Soonsup ( ซุ่นทรัพย์ ) , comes from their maternal grandfather , who is Thai . Their maternal grandmother is of English and Welsh descent . Their Father , Michael Bell , is of English and Irish descent .
Club career
Initially a midfielder , Soonsup-Bell was converted into a forward in the Chelsea academy . This change was beneficial for both Chelsea and Soonsup-Bell , as they progressed into a prolific striker , notably scoring four goals in an 8–1 FA Youth Cup win over Barnsley - the first Chelsea player to score four goals in this competition since Roger Bill in 1961 .
At the age of 16 , they were playing regularly for Chelsea 's under-23 squad , and is seen as one of Chelsea 's best young players . They signed their first professional contract in January 2021 , having trained with the first team in preparation for their FA Cup third round tie with Morecambe .
Soonsup-Bell made their Chelsea debut on 22 December 2021 in the quarterfinals of the EFL Cup , starting in a 2–0 win against Brentford .
International career
Eligible to represent both England and Thailand , Soonsup-Bell has played for England at under-15 , under-16 , under-18 and under-19 level . They are the second highest goal-scorer for the England U16s , behind Jadon Sancho , with six goals in seven appearances .
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2004 births
Living people
People from Chippenham
English people of Thai descent
English footballers
England youth international footballers
Jude Soonsup-Bell
Association football forwards
Swindon Town F.C . players
Chelsea F.C . players
Chaetostomella baezi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae .
Distribution
Canary Islands .
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 2000
Diptera of Europe
( born February 2 , 1930 ) is a Japanese diplomat . They were appointed as Japanese ambassador to the Philippines in 1988 . After their retirement , they helped run the humanitarian organization , Global Voluntary Service , and received a Presidential Citation from Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo on February 15 , 2010 . In 2013 President Benigno S. Aquino III of the Philippines awarded them with the Order of the Golden Heart with the Grand Cross rank in Malacanang 's Palace for `` his role in establishing numerous health , education and livelihood projects for Filipinos '' .
References
Living people
Ambassadors of Japan to the Philippines
1930 births
The Worcester Center for Crafts , located at 25 Sagamore Road , Worcester , Massachusetts , is one of Worcester 's oldest cultural institutions and was one of the first organizations of its kind in the United States . Founded in 1856 by the Worcester Employment Society , the Center provided women with the skills needed to make and sell handcrafts .
External links
Official website
Art centers in Massachusetts
Art museums and galleries in Massachusetts
Culture of Worcester , Massachusetts
Tourist attractions in Worcester , Massachusetts
Andri Xhahu ( born 30 April 1987 in Tirana , Albania ) is an Albanian television and radio presenter , host and editor , who works for RTSH ( Albanian Radio and Television ) . Since 2012 , they have served as the Albanian commentator and spokesperson for the Eurovision Song Contest .
Career
Xhahu began their career in 2003 hosting `` Koha tendencë '' on Radio Koha . Soon afterwards , they moved to Radio Tirana . Having become popular through the radio evening shows , they went on to host various radio shows : `` Nata nuk do t'ja dijë '' , `` Bisedë me zë të ulët '' , `` Deri në pikë të fundit '' , `` Hapur '' .
Since 2008 , Xhahu has hosted the radio broadcast `` Gjithçka Shqip '' . The show airs everyday from 16.00-17.00pm and combines a mixture of the latest Albanian music , chat and celebrity guests . In 2015 `` Gjithçka Shqip '' was nominated by Info Media Albania and won `` Best showbiz programme '' .
Andri Xhahu also wrote for magazines . As a journalist , they worked for two years ( 2011-2013 ) in Jeta magazine .
Since 2012 , they have served as the Albanian commentator and spokesperson for the Eurovision Song Contest . In 2012 and from 2015 to 2021 , Xhahu commentated the Junior Eurovision Song Contest . Since 2013 , Xhahu is the commentator of the Sanremo Music Festival . In 2015 , they commentated on the Eurovision Young Dancers .
Radio and TV shows
Koha tendencë ( Radio Koha , 2003 )
Nata nuk do t'ja dijë ( Radio Tirana , 2004-2008 )
Maratona e Këngës ( Radio Tirana , 2010-2011 )
Gjithçka Shqip - ( Radio Tirana and TVSH , 2008-2017 )
Anë e errët - ( Radio Tirana , 2014–2015 )
Verë dhe mendim në një gotë - ( Radio Tirana , 2016 )
E vërteta - ( Radio Tirana , 2020 )
Identikit - ( Radio Tirana , 2021 )
Në radio - ( Radio Tirana , 2019–present )
Mirëmëngjes fundjavë - ( RTSH and RTSH3 , 2016–2017 )
Eurovision Song Contest ( Commentator and spokesperson , RTSH , 2012–present )
Junior Eurovision Song Contest ( Commentator , RTSH , 2012 , 2015–present )
Sanremo Music Festival ( Commentator , RTSH , 2013–present )
Festivali i Këngës në RTSH , 53rd edition ( Pop Jury and Backstage , 2014 )
Eurovision Young Dancers ( Commentator , RTSH , 2015 )
Festivali i Këngës në RTSH 55th edition ( Green Room host and Voting Sequence , 2016 )
Eurovision Choir of the Year ( Commentator , RTSH1 HD , 2017 )
Post Festival ( Festivali i Këngës në RTSH 57th edition ) ( Host , 2018 )
Festivali i Këngës në RTSH , 59th edition ( Jury Member , 2020 )
References
Living people
1987 births
People from Tirana
Albanian radio personalities
Albanian television presenters
Male television personalities
Eurovision commentators
Fozia Behram is a Pakistani politician . They are a former member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Chakwal for the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) , serving from 1988–1993 and 2008–2013 . They joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) in 2015 . They are married into a Feudal Lord family .
References
Living people
Punjab MPAs 1988–1990
Punjab MPAs 1990–1993
Punjab MPAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2018–2023
Pakistani people of Indian descent
Pakistan People 's Party MPAs ( Punjab )
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf MNAs
People from Chakwal District
Women members of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Geoffrey Noel Blake ( 9 April 1914 – 1991 ) was an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games .
At the 1934 Empire Games they were a member of the English relay team which won the gold medal in the 4×440 yards event . In the 440 yards competition they were eliminated in the semi-finals .
External links
Homepage and results of the Commonwealth Games
Rootsweb
1914 births
1991 deaths
English male sprinters
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Ruy Diaz Melgarejo ( Salteras 1519 – Santa Fe 1602 ) was a miner , military , conqueror and statesman who established the Spanish Crown in the region of Río de la Plata in South America . Their life was marked by wars , conspiracies , persecutions and family conflicts . Melgarejo enjoyed the favor of the Spanish crown . They almost absolutely ruled the independent province of Guayrá for 30 years .
Early troubles
Melgarejo left Italy on November 1 , 1540 , on an expedition led by Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca to Río de la Plata . They remained with de Vaca until , in 1544 , they were removed from their position . Their protest against the crown 's removal of their position led to their jailing .
In the late 1540s Melgarejo organized the election of their relative Diego de Abreu to the post of Governor of Asunción , deposing Fernando Mendoza , who had been appointed governor by de Vaca 's deputy . De Abreu was recognized as governor , but Maelgarejo and de Abreu were forced to flee Asunción when de Abreu ordered Mendoza 's death . The two spent seven years in hiding before de Abreu was killed and Melgarejo was again jailed .
Melgarejo escaped from jail , but was captured by Tupi Indians who killed and ate their traveling companion . They escaped captivity due to theirs forming a relationship with a female member of the tribe . The two would leave the tribe and travel to San Vincente , where they were married . Melgarejo , however , found their wife in the company of another lover . After the discovery , Melgarejo killed them both , which again led to them fleeing . In 1555 , Melgarejo returned to Asunción , where they were welcomed by the current governor , their brother , Martinez de Irala .
Later successes
Melgarejo was active in establishing settlements along the Paraná River . Melgarejo founded Villarrica in May 1570 . The name , translated as `` rich town '' , was selected due to Melgarejo 's belief that there were silver mines nearby . They were later sent by de Irala to `` conquer and settle '' Guayrá . Melgarejo was the leader of an expedition to Ontiveros , then capital of the region , a city founded three years earlier by another Irala lieutenant . However , Melgarejo thought that the site was uninhabitable and abandoned it . They instead created a new settlement , Ciudad Real , on higher ground across the Paraná River from the original Ontiveros site .
They were to be replaced as governor in 1570 by Alanzo Riguelme , but before Riguelme could take office their credentials were revoked and they were arrested . Melgarejo was instructed to bring Riguelme and Felipe de Caceres back to Spain . They embarked in 1573 . Bad weather early in the voyage forced them to stop at the port of San Vicente in Brazil , where Melgarejo was commissioned to assist the Governor in battles against natives . Their success in these battles led to their increased popularity with the government , which in turn led to increased opportunities to make additional expeditions to explore and settle the Paraguayan interior . Their successes in their naval commands and as a leader of settlement parties led to them becoming known as the `` Invincible Captan . ''
References
Spanish explorers
1519 births
1602 deaths
Blue Merle was an American band centered in Nashville , Tennessee . Their name comes from the lyrics of a Led Zeppelin song , Bron-Y-Aur Stomp from Led Zeppelin III , referring to a `` blue-eyed merle '' border collie dog . The band was fronted by lead singer Luke Reynolds .
The band was first formed when Luke Reynolds and Jason Oettel met and began to work together . A friend in a studio offered them some recording time , and they began recording several demo tracks . While they were doing so , the President of Sony Publishing happened to be there , and offered them a contract . While they passed on it , it was a start . Reynolds then met Beau Stapleton , a Mandolin player , on their way back to their home in Vermont and invited them to join . Oettel brought one of their own friends , William Ellis , a drummer into the band as well . It was William who came up with the band 's name . The last member to join was Luke Bulla , a fiddle player , who had been asked to fill in for a couple weeks , and soon was a full-time member .
In February 2005 , Blue Merle released Burning In The Sun , which features the singles `` Burning In The Sun '' , `` Every Ship Must Sail Away '' , and `` Lucky To Know You '' . The album hit # 8 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and peaked at # 199 on the Billboard 200 . Blue Merle played Lollapalooza in 2005 , and toured with Guster , Jem , J.J. Cale , and Badly Drawn Boy .
In April 2006 , the band broke up . They played their last show , 45 minute set , on Friday , April 21 at Vanderbilt University 's Rites of Spring music festival along with Clap Your Hands Say Yeah and My Morning Jacket .
Since the band 's breakup , Luke Reynolds released two solo EPs entitled The Space Between the Lines and Maps , before joining the band Guster full-time . Beau Stapleton also released a solo EP , Will I Shine For You Still .
Luke Reynolds 's last project was named Pictures and Sound , and released their self-titled debut album August 19 , 2008 on Vanguard Records .
In August 2008 , NBC used Blue Merle 's song `` Burning in the Sun '' during a feature on the Women 's Pole Vault during the Beijing Olympics . The song `` If I Could '' was also prominently featured in the Friday Night Lights episode `` Let 's Get It On '' ( first aired Nov 2 2007 ) . `` Every Ship Must Sail Away '' was the final song in Season 1 , Episode 2 of the TV series `` Bones '' .
Discography
Blue Merle EP ( 2003 )
Blue Merle The Fires EP ( 2004 )
Burning in the Sun ( 2005 )
Live at Bull Moose EP ( 2005 )
References
Musical groups from Nashville , Tennessee
Island Records artists
Musical groups established in 2003
Musical groups disestablished in 2006
American bluegrass music groups
Vanguard Records artists
Siem Reap municipality ( ) is an municipality ( krong ) in Siem Reap province , in north-west Cambodia . According to the 2008 census of Cambodia , it had a population of 230,714 . It surrounds the provincial city of Siem Reap .
Administration
References
External links
Siem Reap – The Gate to Angkor ( Official Website of the Siem Reap District on www.siemreap-town.gov.kh )
Districts of Cambodia
Geography of Siem Reap province
Rachael was launched in 1810 at Hilton ( possibly South Hylton ) or Sunderland , and apparently was initially registered and based at Greenock . In 1812 an American privateer captured them in a notable single-ship action , but the British Royal Navy recaptured them almost immediately . They then continued as a general trader and was last listed in 1833 .
Career
Rachel first appeared in Lloyd 's Register ( LR ) with C.R.Lyon , master , M'Gowan , owner , and trade Greenock–Newfoundland .
War between the United Kingdom and the United States having broken out , Captain Ninian Dalmahoy acquired a letter of marque against the United States for Rachel , of Greenock . It is not clear when they assumed command of them On 27 October 1812 Rachel , Dalmahoy , master , was in the Bay of Biscay , bound to La Guaira . Dalmahoy died on the voyage and as they arrived at La Guaira their first mate , named Alexander , was captain .
When they arrived off La Guaira they had been at sea for 57 days . At La Guaira on 11 December they had the misfortune to encounter the American privateer schooner , of 16 guns and 140 men .
After an engagement of about half an hour , Rachel struck . The British had two men killed , including Alexander , and two men wounded , one of whom died shortly thereafter ; only two men from Saratoga were wounded . The next day , being short of water , the Americans released twenty-seven of the prisoners and sent them into La Guaira in a longboat . They kept four of the prisoners on Rachel and two on Saratoga .
On 12 ( or 15 ) December encountered Rachel and recaptured her , together with the 12-man prize crew of Americans . The British took the Americans on board Fawn and put a six-man prize crew on board Rachel , which they sent into Jamaica , where the Vice admiralty court condemned them as a prize . Fawn went into La Guaira and picked up Rachels crew , all of whom agreed to serve on Fawn , though some apparently deserted shortly thereafter .
Rachel arrived back in the Clyde on 27 January 1814 , and again , with M'Call , master , on 8 July 1814 .
Fate
Rachel was last listed in 1833 .
Citations and references
Citations
References
1810 ships
Ships built on the River Wear
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Captured ships
Wiktor Długosz ( born 1 July 2000 ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Raków Częstochowa .
Career statistics
Honours
Raków Częstochowa
Polish Cup : 2020–21 , 2021–22
Polish Super Cup : 2022
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kielce
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Poland under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Korona Kielce players
Warta Poznań players
Raków Częstochowa players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
III liga players
Isaac Pendleton Langworthy ( January 19 , 1806 – January 5 , 1888 ) was an American Congregational minister .
Langworthy was born in ( North ) Stonington , Connecticut , January 19 , 1806 , the son of John and Sarah ( Pendleton ) Langworthy . After some early experience in school-teaching and in business , they studied medicine , taking one course of lectures at the Medical School of Harvard University , and settled in practice in their native town at the age of 25 . They were active in Christian labors , and was soon convinced , during a very general revival of religion in their neighborhood , of their duty to preach the gospel . Accordingly , at the age of 27 they began to prepare for College , supporting themselves meantime by their medical practice and by teaching music . They graduated from Yale College in 1839 . After graduation , they spent two years in the Yale Divinity School , going thence to Chelsea , Mass. , where they gathered a new Congregational church , of which they were ordained pastor , November 10 , 1841 . They resigned this position on the seventeenth anniversary of their settlement . Their residence continued in Chelsea until their death .
Shortly before their withdrawal from the pastorate they had accepted the position of Corresponding Secretary of the American Congregational Union , in Boston , with the main work of aiding in building churches and parsonages for missionary congregations . They proved equally successful in the self-denying labors of their new field , but after ten years , in 1867 , they exchanged this duty for a corresponding relation to the American Congregational Association , and devoted themselves thenceforth with unremitting zeal to the congenial task of securing and enlarging a Congregational House and Library , in Boston . These efforts were crowned with remarkable success , and at their retirement from active service in 1887 they could point to a suitable building occupied as a denominational house , and to a very valuable library which had been increased by gifts procured through their efforts from some 3500 to over 33,000 volumes .
After a short period of feeble health , followed by a few weeks of more rapid failure , they died in Chelsea , on January 5 , 1888 , at the age of 82 .
They married , on August 8 , 1842 , Sarah , daughter of Cyrus Williams , of New Haven . Their children , three sons and a daughter , died before him .
Langworthy received the honorary degree of Doctor of Divinity from Iowa College in 1878 .
References
External links
1806 births
1888 deaths
American Congregationalist ministers
American librarians
People from Stonington , Connecticut
Harvard Medical School alumni
Physicians from Connecticut
Yale Divinity School alumni
Yale College alumni
19th-century American clergy
William Grant & Sons Ltd is an independent , family-owned Scottish company that distills Scotch whisky and other selected categories of spirits . It was established in 1887 by William Grant , and is run by Grant 's descendants as of 2018 . It is the largest of the handful of Scotch whisky distillers remaining in family ownership .
The company is the third largest producer of Scotch whisky ( 8 % market share ) , shipping about 7.6 million cases per year , with brands including Glenfiddich and Balvenie . The first and second largest , respectively , are Diageo ( 34.4 % ) , and Pernod Ricard . The company is registered at The Glenfiddich distillery in Dufftown . The main operational headquarters are located at Strathclyde Business Park , North Lanarkshire . Sales and marketing headquarters are in Richmond , London . The company is a member of the Scotch Whisky Association .
The master blender of Grant 's is Brian Kinsman , who succeeded David Stewart who had been in their post for 47 years , the longest serving master blender with one distiller in the industry .
In July 2014 it was reported that Grant 's donated `` in the region of £100,000 '' to the unionist campaign group Better Together , with the company being `` said to have also donated smaller sums of money to other groups who are campaigning for a 'No ' vote , '' ahead of the Scottish independence referendum .
William Grant & Sons has won the Queen 's Award to Industry for Outstanding Export Achievement .
History
William Grant was born in Dufftown in 1839 . In 1886 , Grant and their nine children started construction of Glenfiddich Distillery . On Christmas Day , 1887 , the distillery was operational . In 1892 , William Grant & Sons built a second neighbouring distillery called Balvenie . In 1898 , the two distilleries started blending their whiskies . William Grant & Sons pioneered single malt Scotch whisky as , until Glenfiddich , only blended brands were common .
In 1997 , the Grant entered into a joint venture with the Robertson family ( see The Edrington Group ) creating a new company , Highland Distillers . In May 2010 the group bought four brands from C & C Group , including Tullamore D.E.W. , for €300m . In September 2010 they sold the three minor brands ( Irish Mist , Carolans , Frangelico ) to Gruppo Campari for €129m , so in effect , Grants paid €171m for the Tullamore D.E.W . brand and its production facilities . The current chairperson of William Grant & Sons is Glenn Gordon ( since 2012 ) . The Gordons are direct descendants of William Grant .
In March 2020 , the company made the decision to switch production at three of its distilleries to create approximately five million litres of ethanol over an eight-week period to produce hand sanitiser during the Covid-19 pandemic .
In that same month , William Grant & Sons closed all of its visitor centres indefinitely due to the same pandemic . In June 2020 , the company made the decision to reopen some of its visitor centres with increased hygiene measures .
Distilleries
Distilleries owned by William Grant & Sons :
Ailsa Bay Distillery
Balvenie Distillery
Convalmore is a former whisky distillery in Dufftown , closing operations in 1985 . William Grant & Sons bought the distillery in 1990 , for the warehouses , to increase warehousing capacity for Glenfiddich . The Convalmore distillery produced whisky for other brands . The name Convalmore however is used for selected whiskies , although the distillery never produced a whisky under their own name . The brand name is owned by Diageo .
Girvan Grain Distillery
Glenfiddich Distillery
Kininvie Distillery
Tullamore Distillery ( Ireland )
Brands
The company 's leading single malt Scotch brand is Glenfiddich , the best-selling single malt Scotch in the world as of 2016 . Roughly 1.22 million cases of Glenfiddich were sold in 2017 . Another Grant single malt Scotch whisky also made the top ten list of best-selling Scotch whiskies in 2017 : The Balvenie ( # 6 ) . The company 's leading blended whisky , Grant 's Family Reserve , was the number three best-seller in this category , forcing competitor Chivas Regal into fourth place . Another very popular blended whisky is Monkey Shoulder .
William Grant & Sons brands include :
Brandy : Three Barrels , The Raynal
Canadian whisky : Gibson 's Finest
Cognac : La Guilde du Cognac
Gin : Hendrick 's
Irish whiskey : Tullamore D.E.W .
Liqueur : Drambuie , Solerno , Ancho Reyes , Ancho Reyes Verde
Mezcal : Montelobos
Mixed drinks : Taboo
Other : Art In the Age Craft Spirits
Rum : Sailor Jerry , Old Vatted Demerara , Woods Old Navy , Vat 19 , Flor de Caña ( US Import )
Scotch whisky : Glen Fohdry , Glenfiddich , Grant 's , The Balvenie , Kininvie , Monkey Shoulder , Aerstone , Clan MacGregor , House of Hazelwood , The Gordon Highlanders
Tequila : Milagro
Vodka : Reyka
Rare whiskies
William Grant & Sons produces a number of rare whiskies , most of which are described in the articles on Glenfiddich , Grant 's and Balvenie . However , their rare whiskies also include :
Girvan First Batch Distillation ( from casks filled in 1964 )
Ladyburn ( from Ladyburn distillery , closed in 1975 )
Snow Phoenix ( a one-off by Glenfiddich produced as a blend of all the whisky—between three and 50 years in age—recovered after heavy snow destroyed a warehouse where the whisky was being aged )
Other rare whiskies have been bottled as private vintages for Concorde , Queen Mary 2 and the Royal Danish Wedding .
Highland Distillers brands
William Grant & Sons and the Edrington Group took Highland Distillers private in 1999 forming the 1887 Company , in which William Grant and Sons hold a 30 % stake .
Typical products owned by Highland Distillers at that time :
Black Bottle , this brand was sold subsequently to Burn Stewart Distillers in 2004
Gloag 's London Dry Gin , brand name owned by Edrington
Highland Park , brand name now owned by Edrington
The Famous Grouse , brand name now owned by Edrington
The Macallan , brand name now owned by Edrington
Other brands
Virgin Vodka , a now defunct brand which Grant 's co-developed with Richard Branson 's Virgin Group .
References
External links
William Grant & Sons official website .
1887 establishments in Scotland
Drink companies of the United Kingdom
Companies based in North Lanarkshire
Food and drink companies established in 1887
Distilleries in Scotland
Scottish brands
Ivan Baron ( born November 12 , 1972 ) is a former professional tennis player from the United States .
Career
Baron was a top ranked 18s player in the United States and had their best year on the junior circuit in 1990 , when they won the Italian Open , reached the quarter-finals at the French Open and the semi-finals at Wimbledon .
At the 1990 US Open , in addition to appearing in the boys ' singles draw , Baron took part in the men 's singles , men 's doubles and mixed doubles . A wildcard entrant , Baron lost in straight sets to Fabrice Santoro in the singles . They partnered Michael Flanagan and Lisa Raymond in the doubles draws but was also unable to make it past the opening round in either .
When they returned to the US Open main draw in 1993 , it was as a qualifier . They lost in four sets to Renzo Furlan in the first round and also exited in the first round of the doubles , partnering Michael Joyce . In the 1994 US Open , Baron appeared only in the doubles , with Martin Blackman . They lost in the opening round .
Baron had a win over then world number 11 , Magnus Larsson , at the 1995 International Tennis Championships , in Coral Springs . They and Brett Hansen-Dent were doubles runners-up at the same event the following year .
ATP career finals
Doubles : 1 ( 0–1 )
Challenger titles
Doubles : ( 3 )
References
1972 births
Living people
American male tennis players
People from Plantation , Florida
Sportspeople from Jacksonville , Florida
Tennis people from Florida
Sportspeople from Broward County , Florida
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
The concession laws ( ) is a term for acts that were first passed by the Norwegian Storting in 1906 ( also known as the `` panic laws '' , , expanded in 1909 and 1917 ) that greatly regulated access to the acquisition of watercourses in Norway . Terms of escheat were incorporated into the concession law of September 18 , 1909 on the acquisition of waterfalls , mines , and so on , and were continued in the industrial concession law ratified in 1917 . Reversion to the state through escheat ensured that water rights in private hands would eventually become subject to public ownership .
The concession laws were adopted after a lengthy political struggle and were intended to prevent large foreign companies from buying up and controlling hydropower and other Norwegian natural resources . Norwegian politicians that were particularly strongly engaged in creating the concession laws included Gunnar Knudsen from the Liberal Party and Johan Castberg from the Radical People 's Party .
Background
The concession laws were a dominant topic in Norwegian politics from the dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905 to the First World War . The issue created government crises and led to political splits . The underlying cause was major technological changes , industrial growth , and hydropower plants that saw their first major expansion . Increasingly more people became aware that waterfalls and rivers , referred to as `` white coal '' ( ) , could be developed to produce electricity . Opportunities for major industry based on hydropower created prospects for quick profits . Rural people were largely unaware of these new innovations . Merchants traveled around the country , buying up water rights on a grand scale . They were often referred to as `` hydropower speculators '' ( ) because most of them purchased simply to resell at a profit . Those buying the water rights were often backed by foreign investors . In 1906 , over three-quarters of the waterfalls that had been developed were foreign-owned . Water resources director Gunnar Sætren was also connected with waterfall speculation and was extensively criticized for having given a map of the catchment areas in Norway to Swedish capital interests , as a result of which they left their position in 1907 .
There was little capital in Norway for large-scale investments , and the new industries were both capital-intense and research-driven . Such development seemed daunting in the political environment in Norway ; everything happened quickly and the changes seem profound . The so-called `` panic law '' —a provisional concession law that was adopted in 1906—was intended to establish a system of control for each individual acquisition . Foreigners and corporations had to be granted a `` concession '' ( i.e. , the consent of the Norwegian government ) to purchase development rights . In 1907 , a proposal for permanent legislation was presented , introducing the principle of escheat . The development of natural resources in private hands was to revert to the state free of charge after a period of 60 to 80 years , with no other form of compensation to the owners .
The political struggle over escheat was difficult . One central point of contention regarding reversion of ownership to the state was unconstitutional encroachment on private ownership . The law gave no preferential treatment to Norwegian companies , although some argued that it should . The law placed foreign and Norwegian stakeholders on an equal footing . All parties were required to allow the Norwegian authorities to act as an intermediary in the public interest that could impose conditions on the acquisition of natural resources . Only the state itself , municipalities , or Norwegian citizens ( not corporations ) were permitted to buy waterfalls without a concession . Undertakings in which at least two-thirds of the capital was publicly owned were able to obtain a concession in perpetuity . The industrial concession law and watercourse law of 1917 strengthened the authorities ' control . In addition to conditions stipulating a maximum limitation of 60 years , reversion to the state , and obligatory surrender of control to municipalities , the provisions also specified direct economic benefits to the municipalities and the state in the form of licensing fees . The concession laws ensured that local power development would come under national control . The laws thus affected the ownership structure in the hydropower sector not only between Norwegian and foreign companies , but also between private and public investors .
References
Politics of Norway
Law of Norway
1906 in Norway
William Alexander Dickson ( 27 August 1866 – 1 June 1910 ) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Aston Villa and Stoke and also the Scotland national team .
Career
Dickson was born in Crail , Fife and played for Dundee club Strathmore before joining English club Sunderland . Sunderland had been unable to gain a place in the inaugural season of the Football League and played friendly matches in the 1888–89 season , Dickson scoring four goals in nine appearances .
In 1889 they joined Football League side Aston Villa and did well for the Birmingham-based club scoring 34 goals in 64 matches and earned a FA Cup runners-up medal in the 1892 FA Cup Final . They joined fellow Midlands based club Stoke in time for the 1892–93 season where they scored 11 goals as Stoke enjoyed their best season in the league up to that point . They scored 13 in 1893–94 including five in six in the short lived United Counties League . As well as playing up front Dickson also played at full-back and would often swap positions on a regular basis . They retired from playing football in 1896 after scoring 48 goals in 135 matches for the `` Potters '' .
Post-retirement
After their retirement Dickson remained in the Stoke area where they were engaged in the licensing business . They were mine host of the Prince of Wales Inn on Liverpool Street . Dickson went on to become a director of the club following financial difficulties in 1908 after it was liquidated and in danger of disappearing completely . However , local feeling was roused at the eleventh hour and monies were raised by 12 local business people and a new board was formed , of which Dickson was a member .
Dickson was in Dundee in March 1910 for the silver wedding celebrations of their brother-in-law John Robertson . It was observed that they were not looking at all well and they were practically confined to their house after returning to Stoke . They died of Bright 's disease on 1 June 1910 and left a widow and six children . Dickson left £2,092 to their widow Jessie when they died .
International career
Dickson won their only Scotland cap while with Strathmore on 24 March 1888 where they scored four times in a 10–2 win over Ireland . Despite this , they were never selected again for their country . They are one of just two players to have scored four goals in their only Scotland appearance , the other being Charles Heggie two years previously .
Career statistics
Club
Source :
A . The `` Other '' column constitutes appearances and goals in the 1893–94 United Counties League and the 1894–95 Test Match .
International
Source :
See also
List of Scotland national football team hat-tricks
References
External links
1866 births
1910 deaths
Scottish footballers
Scotland international footballers
Sunderland A.F.C . players
Aston Villa F.C . players
Stoke City F.C . players
English Football League players
Footballers from Fife
Association football forwards
FA Cup Final players
Christina Marie `` Chrissy '' Houlahan ( ; née Jampoler ; born June 5 , 1967 ) is an American politician , engineer , and former United States Air Force officer . A member of the Democratic Party , they are the U.S. representative from . The district includes almost all of Chester County , a suburban county west of Philadelphia , as well as the southern portion of Berks County including the city of Reading . They were first elected in 2018 , defeating Republican Greg McCauley in the midterms .
Early life and education
Houlahan spent their childhood on various U.S. naval bases across the country , including on Oahu . Them father , Andrew C. A. Jampoler , a naval aviator , was born in Poland , to a Jewish family , and left the country at age four to escape the Holocaust , They became a historian and author .
Houlahan , citing their idols as Indiana Jones and Sally Ride , earned their bachelor 's degree in Engineering from Stanford University in 1989 , on an AFROTC scholarship . They then earned a master 's degree in Technology and Policy from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1994 .
Earlier career
Military service
After graduation from Stanford University , Houlahan spent three years on United States Air Force active duty at Hanscom Air Force Base in Bedford , Massachusetts . There , they served as a project manager working on air and space defense technologies . They left active duty in 1991 for the Air Force Reserve , separating from the service in 2004 as a captain .
Private sector
After leaving active duty , Houlahan went to work for the start-up sportswear company AND1 as Chief Operating Officer . As part of the employee benefits program the company offered 40 paid hours of community service at a location of the employee 's choosing . Houlahan dedicated their hours to working with girls and women in science , technology , engineering , and math ( STEM ) . Houlahan became Chief Operating Officer of B-Lab , a non-profit start-up , when AND1 was sold .
Education career
Citing a need to experience the problems in the U.S. educational system first-hand , Houlahan entered the lifelong learning program at University of Pennsylvania where they re-took courses in the hard sciences . They enrolled in the Teach for America program and began working as an 11th-grade science teacher at Simon Gratz High School in Philadelphia . They withdrew from the Teach for America program after one year and joined Springboard Collaborative , a Philadelphia-based nonprofit focusing on early childhood literacy in underserved populations nationwide . Houlahan served as both president and CFO/COO of Springboard Collaborative before leaving to focus on their political campaign .
U.S. House of Representatives
Elections
2018
Houlahan has said that one of the experiences that motivated them to run for Congress was their organization of a bus trip to the Women 's March in Washington , D.C. , on January 21 , 2017 . When asked why they chose to begin their political career by running for Congress and not a lower office , they said , “ I do n't have time for that . The stakes are too high , and I think I 'm qualified . ''
Houlahan expected to face two-term Republican incumbent Ryan Costello . However , Costello pulled out of the race after the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania threw out Pennsylvania 's congressional map as an unconstitutional partisan Republican gerrymander . While Costello was the only incumbent to retain their previous district number , it was made significantly more compact and bluer than its predecessor . It lost its heavily Republican western portion around Lebanon , which had only been connected to the rest of the district by way of a tendril through Berks County . Instead , it now took in almost all of Chester County ( except for a sliver around Birmingham Township that was drawn into the neighboring 5th district ) , along with the more Democratic southern portion of Berks County , including Reading .
Houlahan took the Democratic nomination unopposed and faced first-time candidate Greg McCauley in the general election . On November 6 , 2018 , Houlahan easily defeated McCauley , garnering 58.8 % of the vote over McCauley 's 41.1 % . Houlahan was one of seven Pennsylvania women running for the U.S. House of Representatives in 2018 , and one of four Democratic women to win , along with Mary Gay Scanlon , Madeleine Dean and Susan Wild . They also joined two other female veterans in the House first-year student class , former naval officers Elaine Luria and Mikie Sherrill .
Upon taking office in January 2019 , Houlahan became the first Democrat to represent a Chester County-based district in 166 years . The county had historically been very Republican , but has trended much more Democratic in recent years .
Houlahan ran on a platform that included healthcare , job creation , and campaign finance reform . Other campaign issues they identified included education , family issues , and veteran 's issues . Houlahan had a strong record of campaign fundraising , with donations totaling almost $ 5 million so far . They were also endorsed by many organizations , including Emily 's List , Human Rights Campaign , Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence , Project 100 , Vote Vets , the Service Employees International Union-PA ( SEIU PA ) and several other local unions .
2020
Houlahan ran for re-election in 2020 against Republican John Emmons . They were reelected with over 56 % of the vote .
2022
Houlahan had publicly expressed interest in a 2022 campaign for the United States Senate , but on June 8 , they announced they would run for reelection to the House .
Tenure
Houlahan supports the government negotiating drug prices with the pharmaceutical companies and a public option , but opposes a single payer healthcare system . They support same-sex marriage , the Equality Act , and opposes President Trump 's memorandum banning transgender individuals from the military . In January 2019 , they said they opposed withdrawing US troops from Syria .
In 2022 , Houlahan was one of 16 Democrats to vote against the Merger Filing Fee Modernization Act of 2022 , an antitrust package that would crack down on corporations for anti-competitive behavior .
Caucus memberships
Servicewomen and Female Veterans Caucus ( Co-Chair )
Women in STEM Caucus
For Country Caucus
New Democrat Coalition
Honor and Civility Caucus
Congressional National Service Caucus
Veterans ' Education Caucus
Congressional LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus
Sustainable Energy & Environment Coalition
Problem Solvers Caucus
Committee assignments
Committee on Armed Services
Subcommittee on Intelligence , Emerging Threats and Capabilities
United States House Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness
Committee on Foreign Affairs
Subcommittee on Africa , Global Health , Global Human Rights and International Organizations
Subcommittee on Asia , the Pacific and Nonproliferation
Committee on Small Business
Electoral history
Personal life
Houlahan lives in Devon , Pennsylvania , with their husband Bart , whom they met at Stanford and married in 1991 . They put on hold their goal of running a foot race in every state before age 50 when they entered the race for U.S. Representative . The couple has two adult daughters .
See also
Women in the United States House of Representatives
References
External links
Congresswoman Chrissy Houlahan official U.S. House website
Chrissy Houlahan for Congress
|-
1968 births
21st-century American politicians
American political candidates
Candidates in the 2018 United States elections
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Female members of the United States House of Representatives
Living people
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
Stanford University alumni
Teach For America alumni
United States Air Force officers
21st-century American women politicians
Gaspare D'Amico ( 1886 – 1975 ) was a bootlegger and a powerful Mafia figure in New Jersey , US .
Biography
D'Amico ran their own family based in Newark , New Jersey . They rivaled other families for power and control of illegal rackets in Newark . Their family controlled bootlegging and gambling operations throughout the early 1920s . In 1935 , Vincenzo Troia , a former associate of Salvatore Maranzano , conspired to take over the Newark family and was murdered . Two years later in 1937 , D'Amico fled the United States after a failed assassination attempt on their life ordered by Joseph Profaci . The Commission decided to divide up their territory among the Five Families and the Badami 's Elizabeth family .
DeCavalcante crime family
American gangsters of Italian descent
Francesco Franzese ( born 8 September 1981 in Nola ) is a former Italian football goalkeeper . They are currently the goalkeeping coach for Serie C side Arezzo .
External links
Profile at aic.football.it
1981 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Novara F.C . players
S.S. Juve Stabia players
Hellas Verona F.C . players
Association football goalkeepers
Eveleth Farm is a historic farmstead on Burpee Road in Dublin , New Hampshire , United States . Built about 1823 and enlarged in 1980 , it is a well-preserved example of an early hill farmstead , noted for its association with Henry David Thoreau , who visited the farm during a stay in Dublin in 1852 . The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .
Description and history
Eveleth Farm is located at the end of Burpee Road , which extends westward from Upper Jaffrey Road up the eastern slopes of Mount Monadnock . The farmstead is a -story wood-frame structure oriented facing south , with a gabled roof and clapboarded exterior . The original main block is five bays wide , with sash windows in the right four bays , and the main entrance in the leftmost bay , all simply trimmed . A modern addition of similar height extends to the west , culminating in a garage ; the addition is fronted by an all-glass greenhouse .
The house was built about 1823 by Joab Eveleth on land acquired from their brother-in-law , Samuel Gowing . Eveleth 's son Joseph hosted Henry David Thoreau here on a walking trip through the region in 1852 . The house was owned by members of the local Burpee and Harrington families until 1957 . A 19th-century barn on the property was destroyed in the New England Hurricane of 1938 . The addition , built in 1981 , is the work of post-modern architect Richard Monahon , who designed it to be sympathetic to the extant period house while still being openly modern .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County , New Hampshire
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Houses completed in 1822
Houses in Dublin , New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Dublin , New Hampshire
1822 establishments in New Hampshire
The FN Tactical Sport Rifle ( TSR ) is a bolt-action sniper rifle produced by FN Herstal . It is based on the FN SPR which is known for its reliability and accuracy . The XP present in the model names signifies the rifles having extreme precision .
Design details
The TSR uses the same forge receiver containing a flat bottomed profile and integral recoil lug that is used on the SPR . The rifle also features a free-floating barrel which is hammer forged for enhanced accuracy .
Variants
The TSR XP USA ( ultra short action ) features a shorter action length . Unlike the standard XP , it is only offered in .223 Remington with a barrel .
References
External links
7.62×51mm NATO rifles
Bolt-action rifles of Belgium
Sniper rifles of Belgium
FN Herstal firearms
Robert Wayne Tullis ( born 1950/51 ) is an American politician of the Libertarian Party . They are a former mayor of Mineral Springs , Arkansas , serving from 2015 to 2019 , and a former member of the Arkansas House of Representatives , serving from 1979 until 1993 .
Biography
Tullis was born to Denzil Tullis and Nina Whitmore Tullis . They served in the House from 1979 until 1993 as a Democrat , representing the 86th district , which comprised parts of Howard and Sevier counties . In 1994 , Tullis mounted a campaign for Arkansas State Auditor , losing narrowly in the Democratic primary to Gus Wingfield . In 2010 , they were the Green Party nominee for Arkansas State Treasurer , losing to Democratic incumbent Martha Shoffner . The same year , Tullis ran for mayor of Mineral Springs . While they finished in first place with 46 % of the vote , since they did not attain a majority a runoff election was necessary , which they lost .
In 2012 , Tullis ran for Arkansas 's 4th congressional district . After initially exploring a run as a Republican and Libertarian , they later endorsed Republican candidate Beth Anne Rankin . Tullis later decided to run as a Libertarian as Rankin failed to win the Republican nomination . They lost to Republican Tom Cotton .
In 2014 , Tullis unsuccessfully sought the Libertarian nomination for Treasurer . That same year , they were elected mayor of Mineral Springs . They chose not to seek re-election in 2018 .
Tullis was the only Libertarian holding elected office in Arkansas during their time as mayor of Mineral Springs .
Electoral history
References
1950s births
Arkansas Democrats
Arkansas Greens
Arkansas Libertarians
Candidates in the 1994 United States elections
Candidates in the 2010 United States elections
Candidates in the 2012 United States elections
Libertarian Party ( United States ) officeholders
Mayors of places in Arkansas
Members of the Arkansas House of Representatives
People from Howard County , Arkansas
Living people
Nehalennia ( spelled variously ) is a goddess of unclear origin , perhaps Germanic or Celtic . They are attested on and depicted upon numerous votive altars discovered around what is now the province of Zeeland , the Netherlands , where the Schelde River flowed into the North Sea . Worship of Nehalennia dates back at least to the 2nd century BC , and veneration of the goddess continued to flourish in northern Europe in the 2nd and 3rd centuries AD .
Name
While the meaning of the name Nehalennia remains disputed , linguists agree that its origin is not Latin . Given the locations where most references and artifacts have been found , their name is likely from either a Germanic or Celtic language . Gutenbrunner ( 1936 ) related it to Proto-Germanic * nehwa `` close '' , but could not explain the rest of the name . Gysseling ( 1960 ) believed that the name was neither Celtic nor Germanic , rather stemming from the Proto-Indo-European root * neiH- `` to lead '' . They could not trace the rest of the name . De Stempel ( 2004 ) links their name with Welsh halein `` salt '' and heli `` sea '' , proposing a Celtic origin . They deconstruct the name as a combination of Celtic * halen– `` sea '' and * ne- `` on , at '' . Finally , * -ja is a suffix forming a feminine noun . The meaning would be `` she who is at the sea '' .
Inscriptions
Nehalennia is attested on 28 inscriptions discovered in 1645 in the Dutch town of Domburg on the Zeeland coast , when a storm eroded dunes . The remains of a temple were revealed that was devoted to the previously unattested goddess Nehalennia . Beginning in 1970 , numerous altars , remains of female sculptures and related artifacts were found near in the town of Colijnsplaat , including roof tiles and remains of the temple devoted to Nehalennia that was in a former town , now lost . Two other temple remains have been found in the Cologne-Deutz area of what is now Cologne , Germany .
Dutch archeologist J.E . Bogaers and Belgian linguist Maurits Gysseling , in their joint publication Over de naam van de godin Nehalennia ( `` On the name of the goddess Nehalennia '' ) , listed several different forms of the name that appear in inscriptions . While Nehalennia is by far the most common spelling , Nehalenia and Nehalaennia both appear a few times . Gysseling characterizes these two forms as Latinisations of the more archaic Nehalennia . Several sporadic spellings , which are attested once each , were considered by Bogaers as non-standard or rejected as misread , due to the poor state of some of the inscriptions . Gysseling holds that some spellings are a transliteration , an attempt to approximate the pronunciation of their name in Latin script , suggesting that the `` h '' may have been pronounced as some German ch sound . One of the numerous altars dredged up from the Oosterschelde near Colijnsplaat in 1970 features the spelling Nechalenia . It appears that spellings with 𐌝 are intentional and not due to damaged artifacts .
The Domburg inscriptions to Nehalennia inspired Marcus Zuerius van Boxhorn to produce a hasty etymology linking the name Nehalennia to an ancient Scythian . With the linguistic tools then available , Van Boxhorn attempted to bridge the already-known connections between European languages and modern Persian .
Depictions
Nehalennia is almost always depicted with marine symbols and a large , benign-looking dog at their feet . They must have been a Celtic or Germanic deity , who was attributed power over trading , shipping , and possible horticulture and fertility . In sculptures and reliefs , they are depicted as a young woman , generally seated . Typically they wear a short cloak over their shoulders and chest . This garment is unique to them and therefore might have belonged to the costumes usual at that period in this region . Often they are accompanied by a dog ; they have as attributes a basket of apples or bread loaves and ship parts .
Hilda Ellis Davidson describes the votive objects :
Nehalennia , a Germanic goddess worshipped at the point where travellers crossed the North Sea from the Netherlands , is shown on many carved stones holding loaves and apples like a Mother Goddess , sometimes with a prow of a ship beside her , but also frequently with an attendant dog which sits looking up at their ( Plate 5 ) . This dog is on thirteen of the twenty-one altars recorded by Ada Hondius-Crone ( 1955:103 ) , who describes it as a kind of greyhound .
Davidson further links the motif of the ship associated with Nehalennia with the Germanic Vanir pair of Freyr and Freyja , as well as the Germanic goddess Nerthus . They note that Nehalennia features some of the same attributes as the Matres .
The loaves that Nehalennia is depicted with on their altars have been identified as duivekater , `` oblong sacrificial loaves in the shape of a shin bone '' . Davidson says that loaves of this type may take the place of an animal sacrifice or animal victim , such as the boar-shaped loaf baked at Yule in Sweden . In Värmland , Sweden , `` within living memory , '' there was a custom of grain from the last sheaf of the harvest customarily being used to bake a loaf in the shape of a little girl ; this is subsequently shared by the whole household . Davidson provides further examples of elaborate harvest loaves in the shape of sheaves , and displayed in churches for the fertility of fields in Anglo-Saxon England , with parallels in Scandinavia and Ireland .
In 2005 , a replica of the temple was built in Colijnsplaat . The design of temple and its sculpture is based on the finds from the nearby area , as well as archaeological study of the type of sanctuaries in the Roman provinces of Gaul and Germania . For the reconstruction , authentic materials and techniques were used as much as possible .
Temples
Religious practices surrounding Nehalennia were at their peak in the 2nd and 3rd centuries AD , at which time there were at least two or three temples located in the area of what is now Zeeland . At the time , this region on the sea coast was an important link for the trade between the Rhine area and Britain . It is known that the Morini , who lived on the North Sea coast , worshipped Nehalennia . Visitors came to worship from as far away as Besançon , France and Trier , Germany . Nehalennia had two sanctuaries or shrines , embellished with numerous altars : one at Domburg on the island of Walcheren , and another at Colijnsplaat on the shore of the Oosterschelde .
In August 2005 , a replica of the Nehalennia temple near the lost town of Ganuenta was opened in Colijnsplaat .
In popular culture
Dutch band Twigs & Twine call upon Nehalennia in one of the songs on their 2019 album Long Story Short .
Dutch band Heidevolk wrote a song about Nehalennia that is included on their album Uit oude grond .
In the Japanese manga Sailor Moon and its anime adaptation , Queen Nehelenia is the Queen of the Dead Moon and an embodiment of Chaos .
See also
Asteroid 2462 , or 6578 P-L , an asteroid named after the goddess .
Germanic paganism
Iðunn , North Germanic goddess associated with apples
Matres
Mythology of the Low Countries
Zeeland
Notes
References
Davidson , H. R. Ellis ( 1990 ) . Gods and Myths of Northern Europe . Penguin Books . .
Davidson , Hilda Ellis ( 1998 ) . Roles of the Northern Goddess . Routledge .
Green , Miranda ( 1992 ) . Symbol and Image in Celtic Religious Art . Routledge .
Green , Miranda ( 1998 ) . Animals in Celtic Life and Myth . Routledge .
Simek , Rudolf ( 2007 ) translated by Angela Hall . Dictionary of Northern Mythology . D.S . Brewer .
Van der Velde , Koert ( August 13 , 2005 ) . `` Zeeuwse godin weer thuis '' , Trouw ( Dutch newspaper ) .
Further reading
Raepsaet-Charlier , Marie-Thérèse . `` Nouveaux cultores de Nehalennia . In : L'antiquité classique '' , Tome 72 , 2003. pp . 291-302 . [ DOI : https : //doi.org/10.3406/antiq.2003.2529 ] ; www.persee.fr/doc/antiq_0770-2817_2003_num_72_1_2529
External links
Official site of the Nehalennia temple replica
Celtic goddesses
Germanic goddesses
Fertility goddesses
Sea and river goddesses
Prehistoric Netherlands
History of religion in the Netherlands
History of Zeeland
Danijela Stojadinović ( ; born 1969 ) is a politician in Serbia . They have served in the National Assembly of Serbia since 2016 as a member of the Socialist Party of Serbia .
Private career
Stojadinović is a specialist in clinical biochemistry . They live in Svilajnac .
Political career
Stojadinović has been a municipal politician in Svilajnac , at one time serving as deputy mayor of the municipality .
They received the 224th position on the Socialist Party 's electoral list in the 2007 Serbian parliamentary election and that 227th position on a Socialist-led coalition list in the 2008 election . The lists won sixteen and twenty seats , respectively , and they were not included in their party 's assembly delegation on either occasion . ( Between 2000 and 2011 , Serbian parliamentary mandates were awarded to sponsoring parties or coalitions rather than to individual candidates , and it was common practice for mandates to be awarded out of numerical order . Stojadinović 's low positions on these lists – which were in any event mostly arranged in alphabetical order – did not automatically prevent them from receiving a mandate in either election , though ultimately this did not happen ) .
Serbia 's electoral system was reformed in 2011 , such that parliamentary mandates were awarded in numerical order to candidates on successful lists . Stojadinović received the ninety-fifth position on the Socialist-led list in the 2012 election and the 153rd position in the 2014 election . The Socialist Party 's alliance won forty-four seats each time , and they were not elected .
They were promoted to the twenty-fourth position in the 2016 election and was this time elected when the Socialist-led alliance won twenty-nine seats . The Socialist Party is part of a coalition government led by the Serbian Progressive Party , and Stojadinović serves as part of the government 's parliamentary majority . They are a member of the assembly 's health and family committee and the committee on the rights of the child ; a deputy member of four committees ( the committee on the judiciary , public administration , and local self-government ; the committee on the diaspora and Serbs in the region ; the committee on spatial planning , transport , infrastructure , and telecommunications ; and the culture and information committee ) ; a member of a commission `` to Investigate the Consequences of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) 1999 Bombing on the Health of the Citizens of Serbia , as well as the Environment , with a Special Focus on the Impact of the Depleted Uranium Projectiles '' ; and a member of the parliamentary friendship groups with Belarus , Kazakhstan , Malta , Montenegro , Slovenia , and the United Kingdom . In March 2018 , they took part in a Serbian delegation monitoring the 2018 Russian presidential election .
References
1969 births
Living people
People from Svilajnac
Members of the National Assembly ( Serbia )
Socialist Party of Serbia politicians
Paul Leonard Kogeldans ( born 28 June 1930 ) , known as Leo Kogeldans , is a former Surinamese footballer and manager who has played for V.V . Ajax and S.V . Voorwaarts in the Surinamese Hoofdklasse , and for VVV-Venlo in the Dutch Eredivisie . They also played for the Suriname national team . After their career they were manager of Dutch amateur club V.C.H .
They are the father of former professional footballer Ruben Kogeldans .
Career
VV Ajax
Kogeldans was born in the Frimangron neighborhood of Paramaribo , Suriname , a neighborhood known for producing top athletes . They began their football career playing on the Mr. Bronsplein where they were picked up by V.V . Ajax , playing in the Hoofdklasse . Ajax played barefoot at the time , and Kogeldans soon became known for their dribbling skills and goal scoring abilities . The top clubs in the country were eager to sign the young player , but it was talent scout Frits Juda who had convinced Kogeldans to sign with S.V . Voorwaarts instead .
SV Voorwaarts
Kogeldans joined SV Voorwaarts at age 18 . They were an affective goal scorer , scoring a hat-trick in a 6-5 win against MVV in their first year with the club . In 1949 they were called up for the Suriname national team based on their performance . They helped Voorwaarts to win two national championships in 1952 and in 1957 , before departing for the Netherland .
VVV-Venlo
In 1957 , Kogeldans relocated to Venlo , Netherlands signing with VVV-Venlo . They scored another hat-trick in their first match with the club in a friendly against German club TSV 1860 München . Kogeldans went on to play two full seasons with VVV , helping the club to a 7th-place finish on the league table in both seasons . They were the first footballer of the African diaspora to play professionally for VVV-Venlo .
International career
Kogeldans made their debut for the Suriname national team in 1949 . They made a total 15 appearances for the first team before departing for the Netherlands .
Managerial career
After their playing career Kogeldans managed Dutch amateur club V.C.H . ( Voetbal Club Horsterweg ) from Venlo .
Personal life
On 7 February 1957 , Kogeldans married Eveline Pinas , having four children together . Their son Ruben Kogeldans played professional football for VVV-Venlo and Willem II before their untimely death on 7 June 1989 aboard the Surinam Airways Flight 764 which crashed during approach to Paramaribo .
Honours
Club
S.V . Voorwaarts
SVB Hoofdklasse ( 2 ) : 1952 , 1957
References
Living people
1930 births
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Surinamese footballers
Suriname international footballers
S.V . Voorwaarts players
VVV-Venlo players
SVB Eerste Divisie players
Eredivisie players
Surinamese expatriate footballers
Surinamese expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Surinamese emigrants to the Netherlands
Association football forwards
Kristien Van Vaerenbergh ( born 22 April 1978 in Halle , Flemish Brabant ) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA . They were elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010 .
In addition to their work in parliament , Van Vaerenbergh has been a member of the Belgian delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe ( PACE ) since 2010 . As member of N-VA , they are part of the ECR . They currently serve as member of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights and the Sub-Committee on Human Rights .
Notes
1978 births
Living people
People from Halle , Belgium
New Flemish Alliance politicians
Members of the Chamber of Representatives ( Belgium )
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
The women 's K-4 500 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program .
Medalists
Results
Heats
16 crews entered in two heats . The top two finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the finals while the remaining teams were relegated to the semifinals .
Semifinals
The top two finishers in each of the semifinals and the fastest third-place finisher advanced to the final .
Final
The final was held on August 3 .
Fischer became the first woman in any sport to win Olympic gold medals 16 years apart . They won the women 's K-1 500 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
References
1996 Summer Olympics official report Volume 3. pp . 168–9 .
Sports-reference.com women 's 1996 K-4 500 m results .
Wallechinsky , David and Jaime Loucky ( 2008 ) . `` Canoeing : Women 's Kayak Fours 500 Meters '' . In The Complete Book of the Olympics : 2008 Edition . London : Aurum Press Limited . p. 495 .
Women 's K-4 500
Olympic
Women 's events at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Moerarchis inconcisella is a moth of the family Tineidae . It is found in eastern Australia .
The wingspan is about 20 mm .
The larvae feed on the bark or wood of the rotting logs they live in .
References
Moths of Australia
Myrmecozelinae
Moths described in 1805
The Awesome Again Stakes is a Grade I American Thoroughbred horse race for horses aged three years old or older over the distance of one and one-eighth miles on the dirt scheduled annually in September at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia , California . The event currently carries a purse of $ 300,000 .
History
The event was inaugurated on 9 October 1982 as the Goodwood Handicap at the Oak Tree Racing Association meeting at Santa Anita Park as the eighth race on the racecard over a distance of miles and was won by the and US Hall of Fame , Lázaro `` Laz '' Barrera trained Cajun Prince who tied the track record for the distance that was set by Ancient Title in 1978 . The race was named for Oak Tree Racing Association 's sister operation at Goodwood Racecourse near Chichester , England .
The event was run at the miles distance in 1983 , 1984 and again in 1986 .
In 1985 the event was classified by the American Graded Stakes Committee as Grade III and was upgraded to Grade II status in 1990 .
Between 1996 and 2006 , the Breeders ' Cup sponsored the event which reflected in the name of the event .
In 2012 the event was upgraded to Grade I and was renamed in honor of the Canadian bred 1998 Breeders ' Cup Classic winner Awesome Again . Also Awesome Again is the sire of the dual winner of this event , Game On Dude .
Records
Time record :
miles : 1:46.72 - Bertrando ( 1994 )
miles : 1:40.20 - Cajun Prince ( 1982 )
Margins :
lengths - Smooth Roller ( 2015 )
Most wins :
2 - Lord At War ( ARG ) ( 1984 , 1985 )
2 - Pleasantly Perfect ( 2002 , 2003 )
2 - Game On Dude ( 2011 , 2012 )
Most wins by an owner :
2 - Peter Perkins ( 1984 , 1985 )
2 - Diamond A Racing ( 2002 , 2003 )
2 - Family Trust Diamond Pride , Lanni Family Trust , Mercedes Stable & Bernie Schiappa ( 2011 , 2012 )
Most wins by a jockey :
5 - Gary Stevens ( 1988 , 1994 , 1998 , 2005 , 2013 )
Most wins by a trainer :
7 - Bob Baffert ( 1998 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2017 , 2020 , 2021 )
Winners
Legend :
Notes :
§ Ran as an entry
† In the 1996 running Alphabet Soup won the race but was disqualified and placed third . Savinio was declared the winner .
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
External site
2015 Santa Anita Park Media Guide
Find out more about the Awesome Again Stakes ( formerly known as Goodwood ) at Hello Race Fans !
References
Open mile category horse races
Grade 1 stakes races in the United States
1982 establishments in California
Horse races in California
Recurring sporting events established in 1982
Santa Anita Park
Breeders ' Cup Challenge series
The 2004–05 Mid-American Conference women 's basketball season began with practices in October 2004 , followed by the start of the 2004–05 NCAA Division I women 's basketball season in November . Conference play began in January 2005 and concluded in March 2005 . Bowling Green won the regular season title with a record of 13–3 . Kate Endress of Ball State was MAC player of the year .
Regular season champion Bowling Green won the MAC Tournament over seventh seeded Kent State . Kate Achter of Bowling Green was the tournament MVP . Bowling Green lost to Kansas State in the first of the NCAA tournament . Eastern Michigan played in the WNIT .
Preseason Awards
The preseason coaches ' poll was announced by the league office on October 20 , 2004 .
Preseason women 's basketball coaches poll
East Division
Miami
West Division
Eastern Michigan
Honors
Postseason
Mid–American Tournament
NCAA Tournament
Women 's National Invitational Tournament
Postseason Awards
Coach of the Year : Curt Miller , Bowling Green
Player of the Year : Kate Endress , Ball State
Freshman of the Year : Heather Turner , Buffalo
Defensive Player of the Year : Malika Willoughby , Kent State
Sixth Man of the Year : Simone Redd , Ohio
Honors
See also
2004–05 Mid-American Conference men 's basketball season
References
Jean Barbier d'Aucour ( 1 September 1641 , Langres – 3 September 1694 , Paris ) was a French lawyer to the parliament of Paris , ardent Jansenist and satirist . They wrote anti-Jesuit pamphlets in prose and verse ( he had formerly studied under the Jesuits ) .
Publications
Publications by Jean Barbier d'Aucour on WikiSource
, 1664
, 1665
, 1671
, 1674
, 1680
' , 1688
1641 births
1694 deaths
People from Langres
French satirists
17th-century French lawyers
Members of the Académie Française
French male non-fiction writers
Group of 33 has been used to refer to two different international groupings :
G33 ( industrialized countries ) , an international grouping that existed briefly in 1999 , that superseded the Group of 22 in early 1999 , and was itself superseded by the present G-20 major economies later that year
G33 ( developing countries ) , originally 33 countries ; the G33 name stayed the same as new member countries were added
Dream Your Life Away is the debut studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Vance Joy . It was released in Australia on 5 September 2014 via Liberation Music . The album was released on 9 September 2014 in the US via Atlantic Records and worldwide via Warner Music . The album has peaked to number 1 on the Australian Albums Chart . A `` Deluxe Edition '' was released on 4 September 2015 , consisting of two new tracks and five live tracks .
As of January 2018 , the album has worldwide sales over 2,000,000 .
Background
During a performance in Boston , Vance Joy explained that the song `` My Kind of Man '' included advice their uncle once gave them when they were young . But they later learned from their father that the quoted advice was actually from a Lynyrd Skynyrd song . Vance Joy noted that though the lyrics changed , the message stayed the same : `` Find something you love and understand . ''
Singles
`` Mess Is Mine '' was released on 9 July 2014 as the album 's lead single . The song has peaked to number 33 on the Australian Singles Chart .
`` First Time '' was released on 4 August 2014 as the album 's second single .
`` Georgia '' was released in February 2015 as the album 's third single . It has currently peaked at number 11 on the Australian Singles Chart .
`` Fire and the Flood '' was released in July 2015 as the first single on the deluxe re-issue of the album , and fourth overall . The song peaked at number 6 on the ARIA charts .
`` Straight into Your Arms '' was released in February 2016 as the album 's final single .
The album also includes the singles `` From Afar '' and `` Riptide '' , previously released on Joy 's debut EP God Loves You When You 're Dancing .
Critical reception
Timothy Monger from AllMusic noted that the album is `` built around the centerpiece of `` Riptide '' and that it `` offers up a dozen or so additional songs in that familiar mold of romantic , introspective , acoustic folk-pop '' . They felt that the album `` focuses on gently picked lovelorn pleas and somewhat uninspired romantic phrasing '' and commented that it `` seems a bit too middle of the road to really distinguish them from the crowded pack of similar young bards . '' Clash writer Jack Scourfield praised the album 's `` heartfelt honesty '' that can `` spread the youthful nostalgia adeptly across any generational gaps . '' They also noted that the album `` does become prone to dragging during some of its less well-defined , slower numbers . '' Jaymz Clements for Rolling Stone Australia gave Dream Your Life Away a positive review , stating that the album effectively `` [ shows ] there 's more to Vance Joy than `` Riptide '' '' , noting that the album is `` confident , self-assured and classically Australian , with an appeal that 's universal . ''
Commercial performance
On 13 September 2014 the album entered the Australian Albums Chart at number one . It is the eleventh album to reach number one for an Australian act in 2014 and the first time ever that the Liberation label have landed back-to-back number ones after Jimmy Barnes 's album 30:30 Hindsight reached number one the previous week . In the United States , the album peaked at number 17 on the US Billboard 200 chart and number two on the Top Alternative Albums chart . The album was eventually certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for combined sales and album-equivalent units of over a million units in the United States .
Track listing
All tracks are written by Vance Joy .
Personnel
Jono Colliver – bass guitar , background vocals
Ryan Hadlock – acoustic guitar , electric guitar , keyboards , percussion , synthesizer
Lauren Jacobson – viola , violin
James Keogh – acoustic guitar , electric guitar , piano , synthesizer bass , ukulele , lead vocals , background vocals
Kimo Muraki – saxophone , background vocals
Jerry Streeter – background vocals
Adam Trachsel – bass guitar , upright bass
Edwin White – brass arrangements , cello , drums , electric guitar , keyboards , percussion , string arrangements , synthesizer , synthesizer programming , background vocals
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2014 albums
ARIA Award-winning albums
Vance Joy albums
Albums recorded at Bear Creek Studio
Astragalus hallii is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae .
References
hallii
Maksym Eduardovych Dolhov ( , born 16 June 1996 , in Zaporizhia ) is a Ukrainian diver .
Career
They have won multiple European championships medals , including the 2016 gold medal in mixed 10 m platform synchro . They competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio , finishing 6th with Oleksandr Horshkovozov in the men 's synchronized 10 metre platform events .
See also
Ukraine at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships
References
Ukrainian male divers
1996 births
Sportspeople from Zaporizhzhia
Living people
Divers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic divers of Ukraine
Bishop Verot High School is a private , Roman Catholic high school in Fort Myers , Florida . It is located in the Diocese of Venice , Florida .
History
Bishop Verot Catholic High School was established in 1962 as Fort Myers Central Catholic High School . The school was renamed Bishop Verot when they moved to their newly constructed location in 1964 . The school is named after Bishop Augustin Verot , the first Bishop of Florida . Suzie O'Grady is currently serving as the principal .
Athletics
The school 's sports teams are nicknamed the `` Vikings . '' The outdoor teams play on field turf installed in 2005 . The indoor teams play in the John J. Nevins Gymnasium , which played host to the City of Palms Classic from 1994 to 2015 .
Bishop Verot has claimed six state championships in its 50-year history : 1984 ( volleyball ) , 1994 ( baseball ) , 2001 ( boys ' soccer ) , 2010 ( boys ' soccer ) , 2011 ( baseball ) and most recently , 2016 ( softball ) .
Notable alumni
Dane Eagle , District 77 , Florida House of Representatives
Chris Johnson , third baseman ( Houston Astros , Arizona Diamondbacks , Atlanta Braves )
Adam Piatt , outfielder ( Oakland Athletics , Tampa Bay Rays )
Dan Vogelbach , first baseman ( Chicago Cubs , Seattle Mariners , Toronto Blue Jays , Milwaukee Brewers , Pittsburgh Pirates , New York Mets )
Seth Petruzelli , competed on The Ultimate Fighter 2 , retired professional Mixed Martial Artist
Notes and references
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Roman Catholic Diocese of Venice in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1962
High schools in Lee County , Florida
Education in Fort Myers , Florida
Buildings and structures in Fort Myers , Florida
1962 establishments in Florida
Sharpe 's akalat ( Sheppardia sharpei ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
It is found in Tanzania and northern parts of Zambia and Malawi .
Its natural habitats are boreal forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
Sharpe 's akalat was described by the English ornithologist George Ernest Shelley in 1903 . They coined the binomial name Callene sharpei . Sharpe 's akalat is now placed in the genus Sheppardia that was introduced by the South African ornithologist Alwin Karl Haagner in 1909 . Both the common name and the specific epithet honour the English ornithologist and museum curator Richard Bowdler Sharpe .
References
Sharpe 's akalat
Birds of East Africa
Fauna of Tanzania
Sharpe 's akalat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Christopher Radko is an American business person and designer known for starting the eponymous Christmas ornaments business . They are called the `` Czar of the Christmas Present '' by The New York Times and the `` Ornament King '' by the Chicago Tribune .
Biography
Radko grew up in Scarsdale , New York , the son of two doctors . They skipped their senior year of high school and started college at 16 . They graduated from Columbia University in 1981 .
Out of college , Radko first worked as a mailroom clerk at ICM Partners . In 1984 , their family 's 14-foot Christmas tree crashed to the ground , taking their family 's heirloom of 2,000 exquisite , mouth-blown European glass ornaments with it . Unable to find replacements of the ornaments , Radko started their own ornaments business and sourced the ornaments from Polish craftsmen that they met on a trip . They sold $ 25,000 worth of ornaments during their first year by visiting door-to-door to Manhattan retailers on their lunch hour . Their earliest customers included celebrities such as Katharine Hepburn , Woody Allen , Mikhail Baryshnikov , Whoopi Goldberg and Bruce Springsteen , and they were invited to design mantel displays for the White House and to decorate the Vice President Al Gore 's residence . By 1997 , Radko saw their company sales totaling $ 50 million .
They sold their business to Rauch Industries in 2005 . In 2022 , they won a legal challenge against Rauch Industries to use their name for their new line of original ornaments . They originally signed a non-competition agreement with Rauch that expired as of August 15 , 2021 , but the company filed a motion to prohibit Radko from using their name in association with their new company .
Radko is of Polish descent . They live in Westchester County , New York .
References
Living people
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
American businesspeople
American businesspeople in retailing
American designers
People from Scarsdale , New York
American people of Polish descent
Year of birth missing ( living people )
`` Dum Dum Diddle '' is a song by ABBA , released on their 1976 album Arrival . In 1977 it was released as a promo single in Argentina on the RCA label .
Production
When asked `` how did [ ABBA ] manage to make such a ridiculous and quite banal song [ as Dum Dum Diddle ] come alive '' , Björn Again founder Rod Leissle said `` I think ABBA had a special quality about them . They could put ridiculous lyrics into a song , and because they were fundamentally great songwriters they could make it work . A line like 'Dum Dum Diddle , to be your fiddle ' does n't really make a great deal of sense , but it still works because it 's something you can sing along to and enjoy '' .
Composition
`` Dum Dum Diddle '' is a folk-inspired pop song . The song has Lasse Wellander 's acoustic guitar in the verses . Benny plays piano during the breaks between the girls ' `` woh-woh '' vocals . The song has a fiddle-style refrain ( simulated by a synthesiser ) , which serves as its hook . It contains a `` stream of strong melodies and instrumentation '' . The lead vocals are shared by Agnetha Fältskog and Anni-Frid Lyngstad .
Synopsis
The song is about a woman who quietly longs for the affections of a sad , lonely man who derives their only pleasure from constantly playing and practicing on their violin . The Guardian described it as `` a song about a woman who feels sexually threatened by their partner 's violin '' .
Critical reception
Abba 's Abba Gold suggests that ABBA criticised the song , but adds that the writers of the book like it . Abba - Uncensored on the Record said the `` unfortunately titled song ... seemed like a reversion to Eurovision-style thinking '' . The complete New Zealand music charts , 1966-2006 describes the song as `` rather silly but fun '' . Bright Lights Dark Shadows : The Real Story of Abba implied that Eagle was more lyrically ambitious than `` the 'dum dum diddles ' of ABBA 's earlier work '' . The Los Angeles Times described the song as `` cheery nonsense '' . The Scotsman implied that `` Dum Dum Diddle '' was a bad song by saying : `` LIFE – to quote Toni Collette in Muriel 's Wedding – can be 'as good as an Abba song ' but the clunky transfer of Mamma Mia ! from stage to screen proves that it can be just as awful as 'Dum Dum Diddle ' too . ''
Covers
Helen Sjöholm has performed `` Dum Dum Diddle '' , accompanied by Orsa Spelman 's Kalle Moraeus on the fiddle .
References
1976 singles
1976 songs
ABBA songs
Atlantic Records singles
Epic Records singles
Polar Music singles
Songs written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus
daviswiki.org is a wiki based in Davis , California about the people , events , universities , bands , places and other things of the city . For example , it includes information about local events , advice for classes to take or not take at UC Davis , locations of the cleanest bathrooms in town , and ways a poor student can best pack a to-go box from the local restaurant buffets . Newcomers or anyone with a question about life in Davis are often asked by `` wikivangelists '' , `` Did you check the wiki ? `` , much in the spirit of RTFM . It was launched in June 2004 .
Size and activity
DavisWiki was at one point the largest City Wiki in the world . Karlsruhe 's city wiki Stadtwiki Karlsruhe has since surpassed DavisWiki in total page count , but differences in the wiki software , varying content/page densities , make drawing conclusions from page counts problematic . As of November 2009 DavisWiki has over 14,945 pages , 11134 registered editors , 301 editors who have made over 100 edits , and 35 editors who have made over 1000 edits .
In June 2010 , DavisWiki claimed : `` On a given day , about 1 in 6 residents visits the site . Over the course of one week , nearly half of the residents . And over a month , we have found that just about every Davisite visits the wiki . ... 1 in 7 residents actually contribute their own knowledge to the wiki . ''
Community involvement
Based on the above activity , and the interest that local politics have on daviswiki , the Davis Human Relations Commission awarded the daviswiki the Thong Hy Huynh Award for Excellence in Community Involvement .
Viewpoint
Davis Wiki includes long discussions on its pages regarding local politics , local elections , development , city policies and similar material . This is a bit counter to many wikis , which strive for a neutral point of view in all articles . Articles on the Davis Wiki are balanced by consolidating commentary to present an aggregate set of multiple points-of-view , intending to reflect the actual Davis community .
Funding
DavisWiki is part of the LocalWiki project and is financed by the LocalWiki charitable 501 ( c ) 3 organization .
They are run advertisement-free through community donations and fundraising events .
LocalWiki
Some of the Davis Wiki team , including co-founders Philip Neustrom and Mike Ivanov , were working on the LocalWiki project .
The LocalWiki project aims to be an ideal platform for sharing local community information .
See also
Comparison of wiki farms
Comparison of wiki software
List of wiki software
List of wikis
References
External links
Davis Wiki
LocalWiki
Citizen mass media in California
Davis , California
Internet properties established in 2004
Wikis
Colonel Christopher Codrington ( c. 1640 – 1698 ) was an English plantation owner , and colonial administrator who made a great fortune in the West Indies . They are sometimes called Christopher Codrington the Elder .
Born about 1640 on Barbados , Codrington was the son of another Christopher Codrington and probably the grandson of Robert Codrington , a landed gentleman with an estate at Dodington , Gloucestershire . Their father was a royalist who had arrived in Barbados around 1640 , married a sister of James Drax , a leading plantation owner , and acquired an estate in the parish of Saint John . They made a small fortune there , most of which they left to their son when they died in 1656 .
In 1663 , Codrington and other men of Barbados bought the island of Saint Lucia from native chiefs there . While still in their twenties , they were appointed to the council of Barbados , and then as deputy governor , entrusted with day-to-day administration in the absence of the Governor . In that capacity , they set about building schools and hospitals , suppressing smuggling , and controlling excessive drinking . Codrington was married to a woman named Gertrude . Their elder son , another Christopher , was born on Barbados in 1668 , and then a younger son called John , who was an `` imbecile . ''
In 1669 , Codrington was accused of murdering Henry Willoughby , a son of the Governor , Lord Willoughby , in the course of a dispute about Codrington 's acquisition of a desirable estate on Barbados called Consetts . Willoughby died suddenly with a `` violent burning of the stomach '' , a few hours after eating a meal with Codrington , and although no wrongdoing was ever proved , Codrington never entirely recovered their good name on the island . They began to trade outside the law and to move their investments away from Barbados .
In 1672 , while Willoughby was away on a campaign , Codrington received a report of a rich silver mine on the island of Dominica , which was still in the possession of the Island Caribs , and summoned the council of Barbados to ask it to agree that they should seize Dominica `` before any other nation should possess the same '' . They then sent men to negotiate the purchase of the island , and a party to take possession . However , the French Governor General , the Marquis de Baas , promptly had the Englishmen removed from the island and protested that they had broken a treaty with the French of 1660 . Although supported by the Council on Trade and Plantations , when Willoughby returned to Barbados Codrington was dismissed from their position and was also removed as commanding officer of a militia regiment . The exact reasons for their removal are unclear , but on 12 November 1672 Lord Willoughby wrote `` My late Deputy Coll : Codrington hath harrassed them to death wth needless improssitions . ''
After leaving the council , between 1674 and 1682 Codrington was elected several times to the Assembly of Barbados and was its Speaker in 1674 , 1675 , and 1678 .
Codrington went on to build up the largest land holdings in Antigua , including their main plantation of Betty 's Hope , which they named after their daughter , and also secured a lease of the whole island of Barbuda from the Crown . They were appointed as captain-general of the English Leeward Islands , and in 1683 moved their base of operations to Antigua , where they were an important plantation-owner and was influential in reforms to make the island more like Barbados . By 1685 , they had founded the settlement of Codrington on Barbuda and went on to build a stronghold there . During the Nine Years ' War of 1688 to 1697 they led a series of armed conflicts with the French . As a captain general , Codrington found many ways to line their own pockets and was the target of allegations of corruption when they died in 1698 , not long after the Peace of Ryswick . Their property was inherited by their elder son , another Christopher Codrington . King William III appointed this son to succeed them as captain-general and commander-in-chief of the Leeward Islands .
When Codrington 's eldest son died in 1710 , they left money for their father 's remains to be removed to Westminster Abbey , and £500 for a monument to them to be erected there , but only £20 for their own gravestone at All Souls ' College , Oxford . However , their wishes for their father 's remains were never carried out .
See also
Codrington Plantations
Codrington baronets
Notes
1640s births
1698 deaths
Governors of the Leeward Islands
Speakers of the House Assembly of Barbados
Members of the House of Assembly of Barbados
British slave owners
Colony of Barbados people
The R773 road is a regional road in Ireland . The road connects Jack White 's with Brittas Bay and the coast .
Route
The route begins at its junction with the M11 near Jack White 's Pub . The route travels east towards Brittas Bay passing a few housing estates . The route terminates at its junction with the R750 in Brittas Bay .
See also
Roads in Ireland
National primary road
National secondary road
References
Roads Act 1993 ( Classification of Regional Roads ) Order 2006 – Department of Transport
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Wicklow
Andreea Laiu ( born 15 March 1986 ) is a Romanian football midfielder or striker who plays for Kiryat Gat . They previously played for Apollon Limassol of Cyprus ' First Division .
For ten years they were a member of the Romania national team , but was not called up after 2014 .
References
External links
Profile at Israel Football Association
Profile at Football Association of Iceland ( KSÍ )
1986 births
Living people
Romanian women 's footballers
Romania women 's international footballers
Expatriate women 's footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate women 's footballers in Norway
Expatriate women 's footballers in Russia
Expatriate women 's footballers in Iceland
Expatriate women 's footballers in Israel
Apollon Ladies F.C . players
Amazon Grimstad players
Toppserien players
WFC Rossiyanka players
F.C . Kiryat Gat ( women ) players
Women 's association football forwards
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Iceland
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
CFF Clujana players
The 2000 Tanduay Rhum Masters season was the 2nd season of the franchise ( under a new owner ) in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) .
Draft picks
Transactions
Occurrences
Tanduay went on to sweep the Purefoods Tender Juicy Hotdogs , 3-0 , in their best-of-five semifinal series of the All-Filipino Cup , but the Rhum Masters saw their victories in Games two and three forfeited when they let Fil-Sham Sonny Alvarado play , despite repeated warnings by the PBA because of Alvarado 's fake citizenship papers and the ordered deportation by the Bureau of Immigration . The fiasco went to court after Tanduay secured a restraining order from the Makati court , postponing two playing dates . The Rhum Masters finally withdrew their legal challenge and accepted the penalties from the Commissioner 's Office assessed on the ballclub . The Rhum Masters are now down 1-2 against Purefoods in their semifinal series and lost their chance for a finals berth following a 71-72 overtime loss to the Hotdogs in Game four .
Roster
Elimination round
Games won
References
Tanduay
Tanduay Rhum Masters seasons
tl : Panahong PBA 2000
Killeely ( ) is a civil parish that lies partly in County Clare and partly in County Limerick in Ireland .
Location
Part of the parish lies within the north liberties of the city of Limerick , but most lies in the barony of Bunratty Lower of County Clare , from Limerick on the road to Ennis , and bordering the River Shannon . The parish reaches east almost to the old Thomond bridge of Limerick .
It reaches northwest from the Shannon , rising to a height of in the north .
It is , covering in the Bunratty section , in the Barony of Pubblebrien in county Limerick and in the city of Limerick .
Antiquities
The patron saint of the parish is probably the virgin saint Faoile , of Atheliath Meadraidhe , in the county of Galway .
The part of the parish in the city of Limerick has a graveyard called Killeely churchyard , but there is no trace of a church .
In the County Clare portion there is the graveyard of Moneen-na-gliggin ( the little bog of the sculls ) , still in use in 1897 , and the ruined church of Cratloe Moyle .
This church seems to have served as an oratory to the adjoining castle of Cratloe Moyle . In 1580 this castle was owned by Shane MacNamara .
The other castles on the Clare side were Cratloe Keel , property of Donald MacNamara in 1580 and still occupied in 1897 , and Cratloe-more , which had been demolished for building materials . Near Cratloe Moyle is a holy well dedicated to John the Baptist .
The parish contains the hamlet of Meelick .
In 1837 the parish was within the Catholic districts of Meelick and Thomond Gate , or St. Lelia .
The total population in 1841 was 5,065 in 797 houses .
Until the mid-19th century there was a ruin known as the Friary in the grounds of Cratloe House , but it was removed to improve the view .
Townlands
The parish contains the townlands of Ballyvoughallan , Boolanacausk , Bullsfarm , Burtonhill , Cratloe , Cratloekeel , Cratloemoyle , Derry Beg , Derry More , Knocknaskeagh , Knockroe , Lakyle , Meelick , Moneennagliggin North or Boston , Moneennagliggin South , Pass , Punchbowl , Stonepark and Woodcockhill .
References
Citations
Sources
Civil parishes of County Clare
Kottenborn is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany . It has a population of 172 ( 2019 ) .
References
Ahrweiler ( district )
The 6th Yerevan Golden Apricot International Film Festival was a film festival held in Yerevan , Armenia from 12–19 July 2009 . The annual festival had over 450 submissions from 67 countries , 150 of which were included into the competition and non-competition programs . Over 250 accredited press representatives ( foreign and local ) covered the festival . This was the fourth year the festival was widely covered by Euronews . Among honorable guests were filmmakers Rob Nilsson ( United States ) , Kohei Oguri ( Japan ) , Alexander Rodnyansky ( Russia ) , Sergei Solovyov ( Russia ) , actors Eric Bogosian ( United States ) , Arsinee Khanjian ( Canada ) and producer Alain Terzian . The international juries , headed by Kohei Oguri , Alexander Rodnyansky , Haig Balian ( Netherlands ) awarded the following prizes : Golden Apricot 2009 for the Best Feature Film to George Ovashvili for their film The Other Bank ( Georgia ) ; Golden Apricot 2009 for the Best Documentary Film to Anders Østergaard for their film Burma VJ - Reporting from a Closed Country ( Denmark ) , and Golden Apricot 2009 for the Best Film in the “ Armenian Panorama ” to With Love and Gratitude by Arka Manukyan ( Armenia ) . The FIPRESCI Award went to Ozcan Alper 's Autumn and the Ecumenical Award to George Ovashvili 's The Other Bank .
About the Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival
The Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival ( GAIFF ) ( ) is an annual film festival held in Yerevan , Armenia . The festival was founded in 2004 with the co-operation of the “ Golden Apricot ” Fund for Cinema Development , the Armenian Association of Film Critics and Cinema Journalists . The GAIFF is continually supported by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the RA , the Ministry of Culture of the RA and the Benevolent Fund for Cultural Development.The objectives of the festival are `` to present new works by the film directors and producers in Armenia and foreign cinematographers of Armenian descent and to promote creativity and originality in the area of cinema and video art '' .
Awards GAIFF 2009
See also
Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival
Atom Egoyan
George Ovashvili
Michał Rosa
Özcan Alper
Cinema of Armenia
2009 in film
References
Yerevan International Film Festival
21st century in Yerevan
2009 in Armenia
2009 film festivals
2009 festivals in Asia
2009 festivals in Europe
Ge ( ) is a Chinese surname . One branch of the family became the compound surname Zhuge . In 2013 it was found to be the 110th most common surname , composed of 1.95 million people or 0.150 % of the total national population , with the province with the largest population being Jiangsu . It is the 44th name on the Hundred Family Surnames poem .
Notable people
Ge Yunfei ( ; born 1789 , died 1841 ) , Chinese General of the Qing Dynasty who served in the First Opium War
Ge Hongsheng ( 1931–2020 ) , Chinese politician
Ge Tian ( ; born 1988 ) Chinese actor and fashion model
Ge Xiaoguang ( born 1953 ) , Chinese artist
Christine Ko ( born 1988 ) a Taiwanese-American actor
Ko Yu-chin ( ; born 1939 ) , Taiwanese politician
Ernest Shiu-Jen Kuh ( ; 1928–2015 ) was a Chinese-born American electrical engineer
Stagenames
Grace Chang ( born 1933 ) , known by their stagename as Ge Lan ( 葛蘭 ) , Hong Kong-Chinese actor and singer
References
Chinese-language surnames
Individual Chinese surnames
Lower Chandmari Ward is a ward located under Nagaland 's capital city , Kohima . The ward falls under the designated Ward No . 13 of the Kohima Municipal Council .
Attractions
Kohima Lotha Baptist Church
The Kohima Lotha Baptist Church is one of the biggest churches in Kohima is located at Lower Chandmari Ward .
Education
Educational Institutions in Lower Chandmari Ward :
Schools
Lower Chandmari Government Middle School
St. Joseph High School
Government High School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No . 13
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
St. Paul is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba . It was created by electoral redistribution in 2008 mostly out of the old Springfield riding .
Communities in the riding include the Rural Municipality of East St. Paul , West St. Paul , Oakbank , and Dugald . The 2006 census population was 19,995 .
List of provincial representatives
Electoral results
References
St. Paul
`` The End '' is a song with music by Jimmy Krondes and lyrics by Sid Jacobson . In 1958 , the song was released in the United States as a 1958 single by Earl Grant . Grant 's single on the Decca label , featured the orchestra of Charles `` Bud '' Dant ; some pressings of the single were shown with the title `` ( At ) The End ( Of A Rainbow ) '' .
Chart performance
The single was Grant 's only entry into the U.S. Top 40 , and spent 19 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 reaching No . 7 , while reaching No . 16 on Billboard 's `` Hot R & B Sides '' .
Grant also released a German version of the song , titled Jeder Tag geht zu Ende ( Every Day Comes to an End ) , which reached No . 12 on the German charts .
Cover versions
Nancy Sinatra recorded a cover-version of the song for their 1966 album `` Nancy in London '' .
Steve Lawrence released a cover of the song in 1973 , which reached No . 46 on the Billboard Easy Listening survey .
Popular Culture
The song was featured in the sixth episode of the Marvel Cinematic Universe show Moon Knight , `` Gods and Monsters '' .
References
1958 singles
1958 songs
Decca Records singles
Songs written by Sid Jacobson
Steve Lawrence songs
A cable converter box or television converter box is an electronic tuning device that transposes/converts channels from a cable television service to an analog RF signal on a single channel , usually VHF or 4 , or to a different output for digital televisions such as HDMI .
The device allows a television set that is not `` cable ready '' to receive cable channels . While later televisions were `` cable ready '' with a standard converter built-in , the existence of premium television ( aka pay per view ) and the advent of digital cable have continued the need for various forms of these devices for cable television reception . While not an explicit part of signal conversion , many cable converter boxes include forms of descrambling to manage carrier-controlled access restriction to various channels .
Cable-ready televisions and other cable-aware A/V devices such as video recorders can similarly convert cable channels to a regular television set , but these do not include advanced capabilities such as descrambling or digital downconversion .
The task of a cable box is to convert a television channel from those transmitted over the CATV wire .
Technological description
The basic converter box is passive and does not communicate back to the carrier . It simply tunes to one of the channels being transmitted together over the wire and re-transmits it to a television or other video device on a standard broadcast frequency ( usually a customer-selected , locally unused frequency between and 4 ) . Like other set-top boxes , converter boxes usually provide multiple options for the output channel ( either 2/3 or 3/4 ) so that the same box can be used , with simple configuration , in multiple television markets . Despite not having a broadcast reception television antenna , a strong local television station can cause interference with the TV 's reception of the cable converter 's signal , resulting in undesired static or ghosting .
Later cable boxes became addressable , allowing the carrier to independently identify one cable box from another . In early systems , this permitted the carrier to send instructions to the boxes by addressing them over the wire . This allowed customers to subscribe to premium television and pay-per-view . More recent cable boxes , particularly those for digital cable , engage in two-way communication with the carrier central office , allowing for more advanced and interactive features .
Typically , a cable converter box has two coaxial F-type female connectors ; one `` Cable In '' for a coaxial cable from the wall jack ( containing the CATV signal ) , one `` TV Out '' connected to the television where an antenna or other RF device ( such as a VCR ) would be connected . Newer cable boxes also tend to come standard with an IEEE 1394 interface ( aka `` FireWire '' ) and RCA jacks for composite video and stereo audio . More advanced analog video devices may have S-video and/or HDMI outputs to support HDTV .
In early days , before televisions came standard with 75Ω coaxial antenna connectors , cable boxes came with adapters that would allow the coaxial cable to connect to the 300Ω twin lead screws used with traditional antennas .
Major manufacturers of cable boxes have included Jerrold Electronics , General Instrument ( which Jerrold merged into ) , Cisco ( which Scientific Atlanta merged into ) , and Motorola ( which General Instruments merged into ) .
Addressable cable box
An addressable cable box is one that can be controlled by the local cable company . Addressability is the process by which ( optionally encrypted ) messages are sent from the cable provider for a particular cable box via the cable signal . The cable company can `` address '' a particular customer 's cable box to command it to activate or deactivate the descrambling of selected premium or pay-per view channels . The system can also send messages . This function affords the cable company the ability to add or delete descrambling on the channels that come in through the coaxial cable line . It also allows them to remotely disable the box , for reasons such as non-payment of the cable bill or theft of the unit itself . Such commands are referred to as bullets and are a transmitted message which affects the cable box program effectively disabling or `` killing '' it . `` Bullets '' do not affect the electronics inside converters or descramblers , only the programming . Non-addressable boxes are `` bulletproof '' , as they are unable to detect such messages .
Analog cable
Descrambling
A descrambler is a device that unscrambles the encoded signal and restores the picture and sound of a scrambled channel .
Typical modern cable boxes include some form of descrambling ability . Such a cable box must also be addressable ( see below ) in order to be told to descramble the signal for a given channel . Early electronic cable boxes , for example , could descramble channels that used signal inversion as a scrambling method .
In many markets , carriers provided devices with simple or no descrambling capability , although the carrier may use different forms of scrambling for different premium channels . Certain premium channels or services could require an upgrade to a more advanced converter box that was capable of the necessary descrambling method . This is less true in the era of digital cable and cheap consumer electronics .
When a descrambler is included in a cable converter box , it is sometimes referred to as a converter/descrambler , or combination unit .
Digital cable
Digital cable is a method of delivering cable television as digital data instead of analog frequency . Many modern cable systems provide digital cable for at least part of their channel lineup .
Because many carriers continue to use analog transmission for legacy and low-numbered channels , and digital transmission for higher channels , a typical digital cable box is also able to convert traditional analog cable signals .
Digital television allows higher quality and quantity of cable TV signals . Digital transmission is compressed and allows a much greater capacity than analog signals ; it almost completely eliminates interference , which has always been a hindrance to the cable TV industry . Digital converters have the same purpose as analog ones but are able to receive digital cable signals . With more data than analog in the same bandwidth , the system delivers superior picture and sound quality .
Despite the advance of cable-ready television sets , most users will need a cable box to receive digital channels . However , customers who do not subscribe to any digital channels can go without ; many carriers provide `` basic cable '' service within the analog range , avoiding the need for distributing a box . However , advanced carrier services such as pay per view and video on demand will require a box .
Decryption
CableCARD technology allows a third-party digital converter device to connect to and receive signals from a digital cable provider , instead of being reliant on a box provided by the cable provider . AllVid is a CableCARD replacement proposed by the FCC , intended to provide bidirectional compatibilities such as interactive programming guides , video-on-demand and pay-per-view , since retail CableCARD-ready devices are unable to access such systems .
Other cable box services
Modern cable boxes are digital and not only addressable but can also perform two-way communication between the box and the provider . In addition , they include built-in programming guide and schedule information , in addition to weather , messaging , and on-demand services .
Some carriers have made available combination DVR/cable box devices , which include all the features of a modern digital cable converter box with the ability to record shows . These are intended to compete with stand-alone DVRs such as TiVo , although the cable provider can exert far more control over the operation of the combination units , leading to undesirable provider-mandated restrictions on the recordability and replayability of programs .
Amateur television ( ham TV ) operators use the frequencies corresponding to Cable channels 57-60 hooked up to outdoor UHF antennas .
Future of cable boxes
Analog cable-ready televisions and other cable-capable devices ( such as VCRs ) eliminated many , but not all , applications where cable boxes were needed . Digital cable , however , made cable boxes more of a necessity as it provided channels that cable-ready televisions could not .
CableCARD technology allows a third-party digital converter device to connect to and receive signals from a digital cable provider , instead of being reliant on a box provided by the cable provider . This technology is being integrated into other devices such as DVRs and even personal computers , allowing them to take over all the capabilities of a carrier-provided cable converter box . However , carriers have been slow to distribute and fully support CableCARD technology .
AllVid is a CableCARD replacement proposed by the FCC , intended to provide bidirectional compatibilities such as interactive programming guides , video-on-demand and pay-per-view , since retail CableCARD-ready devices are unable to access such systems .
Cable-ready sets
Cable-ready television sets have coaxial cable F connectors . One end connects to the cable , antenna , or VHF jack on the back of the television set ; the other end connects to the wall CATV outlet . Once the television is connected through the cable to the wall CATV outlet , the television will need to be programmed to receive the cable channels . The instruction manual that came with the television should have instructions on how to program cable channels .
Non-cable-ready television sets are older televisions ( e.g. , with a rotary knob ) with no coaxial cable F connector ; a cable converter box or a cable-ready VCR is necessary to receive cable .
After ending the analogue CATV transmissions , an ( analogue ) cable-ready TV or VCR is no longer be able to tune cable channels directly . A customer needs to install a digital cable box or a digital television adapter ( which is a very basic kind of digital cable box ) . Newer TVs , however , often feature digital tuners including digital cable tuners ( QAM for the USA , DVB-C for Europe ) . But cable providers often encrypt all most of the channels , causing the TV to be unable to receive these channels directly . In the USA , there were TVs with CableCARD slot to allow decryption without a cable box . However , they are now gone . But there are other devices like TiVo that can accept a CableCARD and decrypt channels the customer subscribes to without need of a cable box .
Cable services
Basic cable service is the least expensive cable service provided by cable companies to their customers . This service usually includes local TV channels .
Premium cable service includes additional programming service provided by the cable company to subscribing customers . The extra fee for such additional service may be per channel , per group of channels , or based on any other combination of channels .
With pay-per-view services , selected channels offer movies and special events such as sports or adult entertainment , for an additional fee , on a per-movie or per-program basis . A special addressable converter is furnished by the cable company to subscribers of this service . Through the use of special equipment , the cable company can direct the customer 's cable box to descramble the program for which the fee was paid .
See also
Business Support Systems
Operations Support System
Cable television headend
Set-top box
Scrambler
Descrambler
Encryption
Provisioning
Conditional access system ( CAS )
Addressable Systems
Addressability
Related Technologies :
ATSC tuner
Audio
Cable modem
Connectivity : RS-232 , USB , Bluetooth and Wi-Fi
Digital television adapter ( DTA )
DOCSIS
DVB
Free-to-air
Integrated Services Digital Broadcasting
Interactive television
IPTV
QAM tuner
QPSK
Satellite dish
Symbol rate
References
Digital TV Converter Box , DTVFacts
Digital TV Converter Box , NY Times
Basic Cable-Ready TV Hookup with a Cable Converter , Time Warner Cable
TV Converters Help , Expedient
Converter box
Set-top box
Television terminology
The Bust of Francesco Barberini is a marble sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini , now in the National Gallery of Art in Washington , D.C . It was executed in 1623 . It was commissioned by Pope Urban VIII , who was nephew of Francesco Barberini , an apostolic protonotary . Francesco had actually died in 1600 so Bernini created the bust from an existing painted portrait . The painted portrait is in Corsini Collection in Florence ; Bernini made close use of the design , although the painting was a three quarter portrait as opposed to a bust of head , shoulders and upper body .
Provenance
The sculpture was given to the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C. in 1961 as part of the Kress Collection donation . The Kress Foundation had bought the sculpture in 1950 from Count Alessandro Contini-Bonacossi , as part of a collection of 125 paintings and the one Bernini sculpture .
See also
Barberini family
Francesco Barberini ( the subject 's great-nephew )
List of works by Gian Lorenzo Bernini
References
External links
National Gallery of Art , Washington D.C .
1620s sculptures
Busts in Washington , D.C .
Marble sculptures in Washington , D.C .
Busts by Gian Lorenzo Bernini
Egbert Richter ( also publishing under the pen name of Richter-Ushanas , after , a Vedic rishi ) is a German freelance writer and lecturer , author of self-published ( Egbert Richter Verlag , registered in Bremen ) treatises on Yoga , Vedanta , Esotericism and mythology , translations of some Upanishads , the Bhagavad Gita and the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali as well as original poetry .
In their 1992 decipherment claim of the Indus script , they argue that the script is `` based very largely on intuition , and this quality is also required for reading it '' , likening the process of `` decipherment '' to meditation , concluding that the Rbhus , who Richter alleges were priests of the Harappan civilization , invented the Indus script under the influence of Sumerian cuneiform . Werner ( 1999 ) confesses themselves `` at a loss how to evaluate '' Richter 's work , admitting the author has thorough knowledge of the various sources they use , but at the same time completely lacks academic method , discipline or experience .
Publications
Philosophical essays and poetry
1969 , Der Perlenfischer . Gedichte , Haikus , Epigramme
1976 , Schöngarstige Betrachtungen . Satyrische Gedankengänge zur Lösung von Ungleichungen mit mehreren Bekannten
1987 , Die sakrale Liebe im Alten und Neuen Testament im Alten Orient und im Rig-Veda . Eine mythosgeschichtliche Untersuchung ,
1992 , Jesus der Nazoräer . Ein dramatisches Gedicht ,
Jesus der Nazoräer . Die Lebensgeschichte des Nazoräers Jesus aus Galiläa nach den biblischen Quellen mythosophisch dargestellt in 12 Bildern
1996 , Eros und Mythos - Das Hohelied Salomos . Aus dem Hebräischen übersetzt und in Dialogform gebracht ,
2005 , Der Geschlechterkampf . Dokumentation einer intergenerationellen Beziehung aus philosophischer und juristischer Sicht
2003 , Der Philosoph und das andere Geschlecht . Eine wissenschaftliche Untersuchung über die geistigen Ursachen und Folgen eines körperlich-seelischen Missverständnisses
2003 , Wissenschaft und Selbsterkenntnis . Vierundzwanzig Aufsätze zu Philosophie und Religionswissenschaft , Pädagogik , Literatur- und Musikwissenschaft aus indischer und abendländischer Sicht
2005 , Die Dreigestalt des Seins und der Androgyne Kosmische Mensch ,
2005 , Das verborgene Testament . Ein politisches Märchenspiel nach indischen Quellen
2011 , Bhagavadgītā - Gesang des Erleuchteten ( = IKB Band 60 ) , Verlag Traugott Bautz , Nordhausen 2005
Yoga , Vedanta and Sanskrit literature
Das Stillhalten der Fackel - Mandukya-Upanisad mit Gaudapas Karika , 2nd ed . 1985
1990 , Im Wandel das Bleibende . Acht Upanishads
1992 , Bhartrihari - Hundert Gedichte über die Liebe und über die Entsagung ,
1998 , Bhagavadgita - Gesang des Erleuchteten
Raja Yoga - Patanjalis Yoga-Sutra - Ein Beitrag zur praktischen Philosophie , 3rd ed . ( 2001 ) , 4th ed ( 2006 )
2002 , Das Buch des Waldes . Indische Sagen und Mythen , , 2nd ed .
2003 , Das Pañcatantra in der Fassung des Tantr khy yika . Ein Lehrbuch zur politischen Moral , aus dem Sanskrit übersetzt und aus religionswissenshaftlicher Sicht erläutert ,
2005 , Die Philosophie der Bhagavadgîtâ . in der indischen Tradition und im Abendland ,
2005 , Die Dialog-Hymnen des Rg-Veda . Eine Untersuchung zum vedischen Frauenbild ,
Decipherments
The Cosmic Man and the Tree of Language . A Contribution to the Deciphering of the Indus Script and the Anthropology of the Ancient Orient
1992 Der fünfte Veda . Die Indus-Siegel im Vergleich zum Rig-Veda . Ein Beitrag zur Entzifferung der Indus-Schrift ,
English translation , The Fifth Veda . The Indus Seals in Comparison with the Rig-Veda
review : Karel Werner , Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies , University of London ( 1999 )
2000 , Die Schrifttafeln der Osterinsel . In der Lesung Metoros und Ure Vaeikos
English : The Inscribed Tablets of Easter Island in the reading of Metoro and Ure Vaeiko . A Contribution to the Decoding of the Rongorongo-Writing ( 2004 )
2001 , The Indus Script and the Rg-veda ,
2002 , Two Systems of Symbolic Writing . The Indus Script and the Easter Island Script online version
2005 , Die Wortschrift der Indus-Kultur . in der vedischen Überlieferung und in den Mythen Europas und des alten Orients ,
2005 , The Message of the Indus Seals and Tablets as preserved in the Rg-Veda and the adjacent Traditions . A contribution to the decoding of the Indus Script and to the Anthropology of the Ancient Orient
2005 , Der Diskus von Phaistos und die Heilige Hochzeit von Theseus und Ariadne : ein Beitrag zur Entschlüsselung der minoischen Hieroglyphen im Vergleich mit der etruskischen und der Indus-Schrift
English : The Disk of Phaistos and the Sacred Marriage of Theseus and Ariadne . A contribution to the decoding of the Minoan hieroglyphs
2005 , The Sacred Marriage and the Swastika on Indus Seals and Tablets . A study on the foundations of human culture ,
Pseudo-scholarship
Esotericists
Language and mysticism
Living people
German male writers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Wilhelm August Paul Schüffner ( 2 January 1867 , Ovenstädt – 24 December 1949 , Hilversum ) was a German pathologist and epidemiologist who worked mainly in the Dutch East India colonies and specialized in the study of malaria .
Schüffner received an MD from Leipzig and was made honorary MD by Amsterdam University in 1912 . They identified the rodent reservoir of Leptospirosis . They were a medical officer from 1897 in the Semembah Tobacco estate in eastern Sumatra and until 1923 they worked in the Dutch colonies in Java and Indonesia studying malaria . They worked on the healthcare of plantation workers in Senembah Maatschappij , Deli , North Sumatra . They demonstrated malaria control through management of hygiene . They recorded the characteristic red stippling found in red blood cells of patients infected by tertian malaria ( Plasmodium vivax ) which are now known as Schüffner 's dots .
From 1916 they were a public health advisor to the colonial government of the Dutch East India Company . They were elected fellow of the Royal Dutch Academy of Sciences in 1926 and Leopoldina in 1935 .
References
German pathologists
1867 births
1949 deaths
People from Petershagen
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
German microbiologists
VSEn ( Virtual Storage Extended ) is an operating system for IBM mainframe computers , the latest one in the DOS/360 lineage , which originated in 1965 .
DOS/VSE was introduced in 1979 as a successor to DOS/VS ; in turn , DOS/VSE was succeeded by VSE/SP version 1 in 1983 , and VSE/SP version 2 in 1985 . In February 2005 , IBM announced z/VSE as successor to VSE/ESA 2.7 , which was named to reflect the new System z branding for IBM 's mainframe product line . In June 2021 , 21st Century Software Inc announced that it had licensed the z/VSE source code from IBM with the intention of developing new versions of the operating system . As part of this transfer , z/VSE was renamed to VSEn .
It is less common than prominent z/OS and is mostly used on smaller machines . In the late 1980s , there was a widespread perception among VSE customers that IBM was planning to discontinue VSE and migrate its customers to MVS instead , although IBM relented and agreed to continue to produce new versions of VSE .
Overview
DOS/360 originally used 24-bit addressing . As the underlying hardware evolved , VSE/ESA acquired 31-bit addressing capability .
IBM released z/VSE Version 4 , which requires 64-bit z/Architecture hardware and can use 64-bit real mode addressing , in 2007 . With z/VSE 5.1 ( available since 2011 ) z/VSE introduced 64-bit virtual addressing and memory objects ( chunks of virtual storage ) , that are allocated above 2 GB .
User interfaces
Job Control Language ( JCL )
A Job Control Language ( JCL ) that continues in the positional-parameter orientation of earlier DOS systems is VSEn 's batch processing primary user interface . There is also another , special interface for system console operators .
Beyond batch
VSEn , like z/OS systems , had traditionally provided 3270 terminal user interfaces . However , most VSEn installations have at least begun to add Web browser access to VSEn applications . VSEn 's TCP/IP is a separately priced option for historic reasons , and is available in two different versions from two vendors . Both vendors provide a full function TCP/IP stack with applications , such as telnet and FTP . One TCP/IP stack provides IPv4 communication only , the other IPv4 and IPv6 communication . In addition to the commercially available TCP/IP stacks for VSEn , IBM also provides the Linux Fastpath method which uses IUCV socket or Hipersockets connections to communicate with a Linux guest , also running on the mainframe .
Using this method the VSEn system is able to fully exploit the native Linux TCP/IP stack .
IBM recommends that z/VSE customers run Linux on IBM Z alongside , on the same physical system , to provide another 64-bit application environment that can access and extend z/VSE applications and data via Hipersockets using a wide variety of middleware . CICS , one of the most popular enterprise transaction processing systems , is extremely popular among VSEn users and now implements recent innovations such as Web services . Db2 is also available and popular .
Device support
VSEn can use ECKD , FBA and SCSI devices . Fibre Channel access to SCSI storage devices was initially available on z/VSE 3.1 on a limited basis ( including on IBM 's Enterprise Storage Server ( ESS ) , IBM System Storage DS8000 , DS6000 series ) , but the limitations disappeared with 4.2 ( thus including IBM Storwize V7000 , V5000 , V3700 and V9000 ) .
See also
z/OS
z/TPF
z/VM
History of IBM mainframe operating systems # DOS/VS
History of IBM mainframe operating systems
References
External links
IBM z/VSE website
IBM mainframe operating systems
Ceplenița is a commune in Iași County , Western Moldavia , Romania . It is composed of four villages : Buhalnița , Ceplenița , Poiana Mărului and Zlodica . It is from Hârlău town .
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Jean Andeka ( born in Gombe ) is a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and was a candidate in the 2011 presidential election . They are a practicing lawyer in Gombe , graduated from the University of Kinshasa , and was the first candidate to file for election .
References
Sources
Jean Andeka
Living people
People from Gombe State
Democratic Republic of the Congo politicians
Candidates for President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
Virginia 's 20th congressional district is an obsolete congressional district . It was eliminated in 1843 after the 1840 U.S. Census . Its last Congressman was Samuel L. Hays .
List of members representing the district
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
20
Former congressional districts of the United States
Constituencies established in 1803
Constituencies disestablished in 1843
1803 establishments in Virginia
1843 disestablishments in Virginia
`` Just a Little Bit '' is a song by American rock band Blue Cheer featured on the album Outsideinside . It is one of two Blue Cheer songs to chart on the Billboard Hot 100 , peaking at number 92 , and number 69 in Canada . The band did a remake of the song for their album What Does n't Kill You ... Drummer Neil Peart of Rush later used one of the drum patterns from the song for the ending of their cover of `` Summertime Blues '' .
References
Blue Cheer songs
1968 songs
Philips Records singles
The Digital Mammographic Imaging Screening Trial ( DMIST ) is a multi-institutional research study on the efficacy for screening of Full Field digital mammography ( FFDM ) compared to conventional film-screen mammography that was sponsored by the U.S. National Cancer Institute and performed by ACRIN .
The findings that FFDM was not inferior to the existing technology , and potentially superior in younger women with dense breasts , has led to a rapid proliferation of digital systems in the US.On the other hand women with dense breasts receive two to three times the amount of radiation during their imaging as dense breasts absorb more X-ray because of the density ( difficulty of the X-ray to penetrate dense tissue ) . For this reason , a scientist at UC Berkeley is working on an MRI `` bra '' to enable easier breast screening and the QT water breast Ultrasound is an viable option for those patients with dense breasts .
References
External links
ACRIN-6652
Cancer screening
Breast imaging
Oncology
The Strumpet 's Plaything ( German : Das Spielzeug einer Dirne ) is a 1922 German silent drama film directed by Eugen Illés and starring Colette Corder , Heinrich Schroth and Eduard von Winterstein .
The film 's sets were designed by the art director Siegfried Wroblewsky .
Cast
Colette Corder
Inge Helgard
Rolf Lindau
Heinrich Schroth
Eduard von Winterstein
References
Bibliography
Grange , William . Cultural Chronicle of the Weimar Republic . Scarecrow Press , 2008 .
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Eugen Illés
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
1922 drama films
German drama films
Silent drama films
Greyston Bakery was founded in Riverdale , New York , by Bernie Glassman , a Zen Buddhist . Although it is a for-profit company , its profits go to its non-profit parent organization , the Greyston Foundation , where they are used on behalf of the local community .
History
The bakery was founded in 1982 . Later that decade , Ben Cohen of Ben & Jerry 's ice cream company agreed to purchase Greyston Bakery brownies for chocolate fudge brownie ice cream . In 2004 , Greyston Bakery moved to a larger facility designed by Maya Lin to accommodate growth . In 2012 , Greyston Bakery became New York State 's first registered benefit corporation .
Social mission
The company aims to hire the hard-to-employ and is known for its `` open hiring '' practices , where anyone can sign up regardless of background . All profit from the company go to the Greyston Foundation , which uses it for low-income housing , day care open to the community , a medical center for those with AIDS , and other community endeavors .
The hiring process at the bakery is via a first-come , first-served waiting list . There are no background checks or interviews . When a name gets to the top of the list after a number of months , that person is offered a paid apprenticeship , initially at slightly above minimum wage . The apprenticeship lasts six or more months , as required to train the employee . At the successful completion of the apprenticeship ( reached by about 40 % of new hirees ) , the employee is given a permanent position . The company claims that apprentice training costs them $ 1,900 per employee , compared to $ 1,400 typically spent in recruiting and vetting expenses , and that employee turnover is comparable with other businesses in the industry .
Greyston has a social worker on-site to assist employees solve problems , such as transportation issues , child care , and housing , which may interfere with their work .
Products
Greyston Bakery is the primary supplier of brownies for Ben & Jerry 's , which is its main client . The bakery also has its own line of baked goods that it sells online and a co-branded line of products with Whole Planet Foundation sold exclusively at Whole Foods Market .
References
External links
Official website
Social enterprises
Bakeries of the United States
Companies based in Yonkers , New York
Benefit corporations
Certified B Corporations in the Food & Beverage Industry
Albert Demangeon ( 13 June 1872 – 25 July 1940 ) was a Professor of social geography at the Sorbonne in Paris for many years .
They were an educator , a prolific author , and in the 1930s was the leading French academic in the field of human geography .
They were a pioneer in the use of surveys to collect information on social questions .
Life
Albert Demangeon was born on 13 June 1872 in Cormeilles , Eure , France .
Their parents were not well off but Albert was an outstanding student and won admission to the École Normale Supérieure in 1892 .
There they became interested in geography and in the teachings of Paul Vidal de La Blache .
They graduated in geography in 1895 and became a teacher in a secondary school .
They later are employed in the École Normale Supérieure preparing students for the Agrégation .
Demangeon presented their thesis on Picardy in 1905 , considered a model of a regional monograph .
They obtained a teaching post at the University of Lille .
They collaborated with Antoine Vacher , Joseph Blayac and others on their Dictionnaire-manuel illustré de géographie ( 1907 ) .
The book received hostile reviews , and Demangeon seems to have accused Vacher of sabotaging the project .
From 1911 they taught in Paris at the Sorbonne .
During World War I ( 1914–18 ) Demangeon served in the geographical corps of the army and drafted memos for the army staff .
Towards the end of the war they were a member of the committee studying preparation for peace .
The `` section géographique française '' helped define the policies that France would follow after the war on territorial arrangements .
Demangeon returned to the Sorbonne after the war .
They were Professor of economic geography at the Faculty of Letters from 1925 to 1940 .
They served on the editorial board of the Revue d'Histoire Moderne , which was relaunched in 1926 .
By 1927 they were one of the directors of Armand Colin 's Annales de Géographie .
Demangeon was noted as a university teacher , and also contributed to primary education .
They were responsible for a well known collection of secondary school textbooks .
In the mid-1930 they taught at the École des hautes études commerciales de Paris ( HEC ) .
One of their students was the future economist Albert O. Hirschman , who recorded that they gave `` brilliant lectures '' , and used large and colorful maps to illustrate their themes of commerce and trade between geographical regions , and the resulting economic rivalries .
Demangeon acted as an arbitrator in social conflicts at the time of the Popular Front ( 1936–38 ) .
Demangeon 's daughter Suzanne married the geographer Aimé Vincent Perpillou ( 1902–76 ) , who also became a distinguished economic geographer .
Albert Demangeon died on 25 July 1940 in Paris , France .
Work
Demangeon was a prolific author .
Their pre-war work focused on physical regional geography , but later they also wrote on larger topics including several volumes of the Géographie Universelle published under the direction of Paul Vidal de La Blache and Lucien Gallois .
At the Sorbonne they turned from physical to human geography .
They avoided theoretical work , and did not write a book about the general subject of human geography , although their writings on the subject were published after their death in Problems of Human Geography ( 1942 ) .
This collection of their main articles covered a broad spectrum of human geography topics .
Demangeon was interested in the interactions of man and nature , and also in history , although they felt that geography must remain a distinct subject .
They wrote in 1906 , `` To explain the geographical phenomena of which man has been the witness or contriver , it is necessary to study their evolution in the past with the aid of documents . ''
Later they defined three principles for the study of human geography :
It should avoid determinism . Causes are always complex and involve human initiative and choice .
It should be based upon a territorial unit . To understand and describe regional units is one of the main objectives of geographical study .
It must consider not only the present day . The idea of age and of evolution is indispensable . Without it , the reason for what exists often escapes us .
Demangeon 's 1905 study of Picardy had a strong historical element , reflecting Vidal de la Blache 's emphasis on the role of man in changing the face of the earth .
Also in 1905 they produced a valuable guide to the National Archives for the use of geographers .
They cooperated with historians , and coauthored The Rhine , Problems of History and Economy ( 1935 ) with Lucien Febvre .
They studied current issues such as colonialism , globalization , the Great Depression and German ambitions .
Their Le déclin de l'Europe ( 1920 ) was published in the US in 1921 under the title America and the Race for World Domination .
It argued that Europe was deeply in debt and exhausted by the war , with reduced agricultural and industrial output , and low birth rates .
The US and Japan had expanded their industries , replaced Europe 's exports with their own , and were owed huge sums in exchange for the supplies they had shipped to Europe during the war .
Demangeon wrote several studies of cities , but was more interested in the country , and also in economics .
Throughout their career Demangeon was interested in spatial variations of farmsteads .
They presented a famous study of rural houses to the 1st International Congress of Folklore in 1937 .
Their two-volume work France Économique et Humaine , published posthumously in 1944 and 1948 , surveyed the rural life and economy , road , railway and canal routes and their traffic , coastal and inland towns , industry and Paris .
There are in-depth surveys of agriculture , towns and industry for each region .
Throughout the work there is a historical flavour with references to evolution of land use , development of routes , evolution of industry , changes to urban area .
Demangeon used a precise vocabulary and linked observed facts in order to formulate new questions .
They made use of questionnaires to investigate patterns as early as 1909 .
In the 1930s they used questionnaires in large surveys for a 1939 study of foreigners in French agriculture .
The surveys , sponsored by the Rockefeller Institute , gathered information on rural habitat , the organization of farms and the use of foreign farm labour .
Publications
Major works
Major work by Demangeon include :
Pre-war 1895–1912
Post-war 1930–1939
Later works
Notes
Sources
1872 births
1940 deaths
French geographers
People from Eure
Altina was an ancient settlement or fortress in Scythia Minor . The site is now the modern village of Oltina .
Iranian archaeological sites
Indo-European archaeological sites
Scythia
Maurice Arthur Robinson ( born October 13 , 1947 ) is an American professor of New Testament and Greek ( retired ) and a proponent of the Byzantine-priority method of New Testament textual criticism .
Background and education
Robinson was born in Quincy , Massachusetts , to Arthur and Olga Robinson , but grew up in Bradenton , Florida . They earned their B.A . ( 1969 ) in English and secondary education from the University of South Florida , M.Div . ( 1973 ) and Th.M . ( 1975 ) from Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary , and Ph.D. ( 1982 ) from Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary ( dissertation : `` Scribal Habits among Manuscripts of the Apocalypse '' ) . Robinson married Renee Guscott in 1970 .
Career
Robinson served as assistant professor of biblical studies and languages at St. Petersburg Baptist College ( 1982–1984 ) , associate professor of biblical studies and languages at Luther Rice Seminary ( 1985–1991 ) , and then joined the faculty of Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary in 1991 , where they served as associate professor ( 1991–1996 ) , professor ( 1996–2002 ) , senior professor ( 2002–2014 ) , and research professor ( 2014–2016 ) of New Testament and Greek . Robinson also served as pastor of two churches during the years 1985–1991 and 1993–1997 .
Robinson is best known as a proponent of the Byzantine-priority method of New Testament textual criticism . This method maintains that when differences appear among the manuscripts of the Greek New Testament , the best representation of the original text is usually found in the agreement of most manuscripts , that is , a `` consensus text '' which `` reflects a unified dominance that permeates the vast majority of manuscripts . ''
Robinson is a member of the Evangelical Theological Society ( 1984–present ) and has presented over 20 papers at its regional and national meetings ( see below for a selected bibliography ) .
In 2014 on the occasion of Robinson being announced research professor of New Testament and Greek a Festschrift was published in their honor : Digging for the Truth : Collected Essays regarding the Byzantine Text of the Greek New Testament ( Norden : FocusYourMission ) . Contributors included Timothy Friberg , Andrew Wilson , Paul Himes , Edward Gravely , Timothy Finney , James Borland , Mike Arcieri , et al .
Interesting facts
In 1985–1986 Robinson created one of the first publicly-available digital editions of the Textus Receptus ( TR ) by manually typing out the entire Greek text of Robert Estienne 's 1550 edition over a 9-month period in their `` spare time from teaching duties . '' It was this text , once thoroughly proofread and corrected , that Robinson in the late 1980s used to create the first free digital editions of Scrivener 's TR , the Elzevir TR , Westcott-Hort 's text ( with notations of all variations from the text of Nestle-Aland [ 26th ed . ] ) , and `` the earliest continuous electronic rendering of the RP Byzantine Textform . ''
During the years 1995–1998 Robinson 's own spoken word format of the entire Greek New Testament in modified ( American ) Erasmian pronunciation was recorded and is available both in various Bible software platforms and online as a free download .
From reasoned eclectic to Byzantine priorist
Robinson 's move away from reasoned eclecticism , to which they still held in writing as late as 1975 , is traced directly to the influence of noted New Testament textual critic Kenneth W. Clark , who guided Robinson in a mentored program of study from 1971 to 1977 and was guest-supervisor for their Th.M . thesis . Clark 's influence on Robinson focused on a skepticism of the necessarily `` subjective and tendentious '' nature of reasoned eclecticism , the need for a `` critical history of transmission , '' and the proposition that reasoned eclectic procedure should accept `` a stronger role for the Byzantine Textform coupled with a strong transmissional historical view . '' At least the first two of these come out clearly in Robinson 's Th.M . thesis , where they opined , `` Eclecticism reigns , and it has left textual criticism in a state of fluidity . ... [ O ] ur objectivity has been surrendered to the whims of individual critics . ... Our feet have become mired and mudbound in the trenches of subjectivity . '' They advocated that critics must determine the `` history of the transmission of the New Testament text viewed in its total chronological perspective , '' and that the `` primary value of texttypes is their utilization in reconstructing the history of textual transmission . '' In contrast to their current Byzantine-priority stance , Robinson stated at the time that `` it is more likely that the original text itself was what we today would term 'mixed , that `` [ a ] ll known texttypes proceeded from this original 'mixed ' [ form ] , coming into existence as types primarily from local-text situations , '' and even that `` the uncontrolled , popular text of the second century ... corrupted the original [ Textform ] with its own scraps of oral tradition and theologically motivated alterations . '' Even then Robinson expressed that `` the Alexandrian text [ could ] have arisen as the first attempt to produce an alternative controlled text against the multiplicity of wild texts which characterized the Western groups , '' a view to which they still hold more than 40 years later . Robinson 's obsession with constantly evaluating `` all pertinent transmissional and transcriptional factors ... in relation to the various aspects of external and internal criteria '' before making any final decisions regarding the text to be established may be summarized in how they describe their method : `` reasoned transmissionalism . ''
As mentioned above , the genesis of Robinson 's career dedication to `` reasoned transmissionalism '' essentially goes back to Clark and is best expressed in Robinson 's own words :
Clark 's views , written and oral , laid the basis for my shift away from reasoned eclecticism to a transmission-based hypothesis ; this ultimately led to my Byzantine-priority position . Clark 's hints and allegations in their published material were enhanced by their private tutelage , where they lamented over much of their previous career , having focused on reasonable internal and external principles that nevertheless led to faulty conclusions . As they expressed to me in the mid-1970s , had they been 30 years younger , they would chart a new course , predicated on transmissional probabilities , including the strong view that the autograph text of any New Testament book would more likely be preserved within a single existing texttype rather than amid an eclectic conglomeration drawn from multiple sources . Clark suggested that the question of which texttype should be dually established from ( 1 ) the likelihood of its archetypal reconstructability , and ( 2 ) the quantitative and qualitative evidence relating to the transmission and perpetuation of that archetype . Clark 's final conclusion shocked my reasoned eclectic viewpoint : they suggested that the Byzantine Textform — to the extent that such could be established in its archetypal form — was the most likely candidate for autograph originality against all rival claimants , whether favored Greek manuscripts , other texttypes or subjective internal factors . As Clark told me then , `` I am now too old to explore and delineate this position ; but you are young , and should pursue it . '' That has been my endeavor since approximately 1975 .
Magnum opus
Robinson 's single largest project is the text of the Pericope adulterae ( PA ; also Pericope de adultera ) , or the passage of the adulteress ( John 7:53-8:11 ) . Having examined more than 1750 continuous-text manuscripts related to the passage or its perimeter , they completely collated the nearly 1500 manuscripts and 500 lectionaries which contain the passage . This was done at the Institut für Neutestamentliche Textforschung in Münster , Germany , primarily during a 1997–1998 sabbatical leave , with briefer visits in the years 1999 , 2000 , and 2005 . The computerized data entry of 15 years ' worth of primary collation material was completed in 2012 , as was the volume , `` The Greek Manuscript Witnesses to the Pericope Adulterae : A Comprehensive Collation of All Accessible and Readable Continuous-text and Lectionary Manuscripts according to the Various Locations in which the Passage is Present . '' Another volume appeared in 2014 , `` A Comprehensive Bibliography of Material relating to the Pericope Adulterae ( John 7:53-8:11 ) : Various Entries Annotated , generally by Direct Quotation from the Source Cited . '' Both volumes , including Robinson 's original collation documents and handwritten notes , may be accessed at the SEBTS library and are preparatory for the final work , still in progress : The Text of the Pericope Adulterae ( John 7:53-8:11 ) , 3 vols . Vol . 1 : Text and Apparatus ; Vol . 2 : The Textual Interrelationships among the Manuscripts which contain the Pericope Adulterae ; Vol . 3 : The Archetype of the Pericope Adulterae and its Relationship to the Gospel of John . Until these volumes appear , two articles by Robinson remain of primary interest in relation to their magnum opus : `` Preliminary Observations Regarding the Pericope Adulterae based upon Fresh Collations of nearly all Continuous-Text Manuscripts and all Lectionary Manuscripts containing the Passage '' ; and , `` The Pericope Adulterae : A Johannine Tapestry with Double Interlock . ''
Publications
Robinson ( with William Pierpont ) is most recognized for editing a Greek New Testament based on Byzantine-priority principles which previously had been explored , formulated , and expressed in various papers and publications . The Greek text , although prepared by Robinson in digital form several years earlier , appeared in 1991 in an initial softback edition without accents or breathing marks and was titled , The New Testament in the Original Greek according to the Byzantine/Majority Textform ( Atlanta : The Original Word ) . Fourteen years later a more elegant edition appeared , The New Testament in the Original Greek : Byzantine Textform 2005 ( Southborough , MA : Chilton Book Publishing ) , a fully accented edition with an apparatus showing every variation of the text from that of the standard Nestle-Aland Novum Testamentum Graece ( 27th ed . ) , marginal readings indicating major splits in the Greek manuscript tradition , and a 53-page appendix explaining `` The Case for Byzantine Priority . '' This was followed in 2010 by a corrected Reader 's Edition , produced in cooperation with Jeffrey Dodson ( who was responsible for the formatting ) .
Some titles of Robinson 's other publications include :
`` Σπερμολογος : Did Paul Preach from Jesus ' Parables ? ''
Ruth and Jonah : Parsing Guide for the Hebrew Text .
Indexes to All Editions of Brown-Driver-Briggs Hebrew Lexicon and Thayer 's Greek Lexicon .
`` The Significance of the Word אות for Biblical Studies . ''
`` Hype and Nonsense : Right and Wrong Ways to Evaluate the Playing Strength of Commercially-Available Chess Computers . ''
`` Two Passages in Mark : A Critical Test for the Byzantine-Priority Hypothesis . ''
`` The Recensional Nature of the Alexandrian Text-Type : A Response to Selected Criticisms of the Byzantine-Priority Theory . ''
`` Investigating Text-Critical Dichotomy : A Critique of Modern Eclectic Praxis from a Byzantine-Priority Perspective . ''
`` New Testament Textual Criticism : The Case for Byzantine Priority . ''
`` Crossing Boundaries in New Testament Textual Criticism : Historical Revisionism and the Case of Frederick Henry Ambrose Scrivener . ''
`` The Case for Byzantine Priority . ''
`` Preliminary Observations Regarding the Pericope Adulterae based upon Fresh Collations of nearly all Continuous-Text Manuscripts and all Lectionary Manuscripts containing the Passage . ''
`` William Grover Pierpont : 26 January 1915 – 20 February 2003 . ''
`` In Search of the Alexandrian Archetype : Observations from a Byzantine-Priority Perspective . ''
`` The Case for Byzantine Priority . ''
`` Amid Perfect Contempt , a Place for the Genuine : The Long Ending of Mark as Canonical Verity . ''
`` Rule 9 , Isolated Variants , and the 'Test-Tube ' Nature of the NA27/UBS4 Text : A Byzantine-Priority Perspective . ''
`` The Rich Man and Lazarus – Luke 16:19–31 . Text-Critical Notes . ''
Analytical Lexicon of New Testament Greek : Revised and Updated .
`` The Pericope Adulterae : A Johannine Tapestry with Double Interlock . ''
`` 'It 's All About Variants ' — unless 'No Longer Written . ' ''
`` Incomplete Truth and Its Consequences : A Clarification of the Manuscript Evidence regarding 2 Corinthians 1:6–7 . ''
Papers
At various professional venues , but especially those of the Evangelical Theological Society ( ETS ) , Robinson has presented many papers , the titles of some of which are :
`` The Credibility of the Majority Text Theory and its Value for Apologetics . ''
`` Majority Text Affirmations and Peter 's Denials : On Keeping Critical Issues Distinct . ''
`` The Case for the Byzantine Textform : A New Approach to 'Majority Text ' Theory . ''
`` The Ending of Mark in Codex Vaticanus : A Feasible Solution . ''
`` The Recensional Nature of the Alexandrian Text-Type : A Response to Selected Criticisms of the Byzantine-Priority Theory . ''
`` The Conundrum of Acts 12:25 . ''
`` The Bondage of the Word : Copyright and the Bible . ''
`` Incipit/Explicit : Lectionary Influence on the Continuous-Text Manuscripts belonging to the Byzantine Textform . ''
`` Incomplete Truth and its Consequences : A Clarification of the Manuscript Evidence regarding 2 Corinthians 1:6-7 . ''
`` The Integrity of the Early New Testament Text : A Collation-based Comparison utilizing the Papyri of the Second and Third Centuries . ''
`` The Byzantine Portions of Codex Washingtonianus : A Centenary Retrospective . ''
`` Misquoting Jesus : Bart Ehrman 's approach to the New Testament Text . ''
`` The Woman Taken in Adultery in the Temple ( Joh 7:53–8:11 ) . ''
`` Eclectic Observations regarding the Current Critical Text . ''
`` Impossible Readings and the Original Text : The Case of Acts 4:25 . ''
`` The Establishment of an Underlying Base Text with Variant Footnotes as a Necessary Preliminary to Translation and Exegesis . ''
`` The Byzantine 'Priest ' Variant at Acts 5:24 . ''
`` De facto Conjecture in the Main Text of NA27 : A Further Consideration . ''
`` Casual Thoughts regarding some Critical Text Readings : A Byzantine-Priority Perspective . ''
`` Fifty Years behind the Text : Post-Retirement Reflections on a Career in NT Textual Criticism . ''
References
External links
Robinson , Maurice A. and William G. Pierpont , eds . The New Testament in the Original Greek : Byzantine Textform 2005 . Southborough , Mass . : Chilton Book Publishing , 2005 .
Robinson , Maurice A . `` New Testament Textual Criticism : The Case for Byzantine Priority . '' TC : A Journal of Biblical Textual Criticism 6 ( 2001 ) .
ByzantineText.com , a site hosting many resources related to the Byzantine Text , including articles by Maurice Robinson and others , books , editions , apparatuses , and digital texts and collations of the Greek New Testament .
1947 births
Living people
American theologians
Writers from Quincy , Massachusetts
Southern Baptist Theological Seminary alumni
Miller Lake is a large natural freshwater lake in the Cascade Range in western Klamath County in the U.S. state of Oregon . The lake is in the Winema National Forest , about west of Chemult via Miller Lake Road ( Forest Road 9772 ) .
Recreation at the lake includes fishing for stocked rainbow and brown trout and kokanee . The lake has been called `` one of the best brown trout fisheries in the state '' . Many brown trout in the lake , which is open for night fishing as well as day fishing , exceed in length .
The lake and its drainage system form the sole habitat for the Miller Lake lamprey . The species was nearly exterminated during the 1950s by state wildlife managers , who saw it as a threat to trout populations in the lake . Since its rediscovery in 1992 , efforts have been underway to rebuild lamprey populations and reintroduce it to Miller Lake .
Miller Lake is also used for swimming and non-motorized boating . Hiking trails in the vicinity provide access to the Mount Thielsen Wilderness and the Pacific Crest Trail . Digit Point Campground at the lake has 64 individual camping sites with access to picnic tables , potable water , and toilets . Mosquito infestations may require repellent or headnets .
See also
List of lakes in Oregon
References
External links
Photo of sunrise on the lake by Milt Hill
Lakes of Oregon
Lakes of Klamath County , Oregon
Fremont–Winema National Forest
Mike Reeves may refer to :
Mike Reeves ( footballer )
Mike Reeves ( baseball )
Ninestane Rig ( ) is a small stone circle in Scotland near the English border . Located in Roxburghshire , near to Hermitage Castle , it was probably made between 2000 BC and 1250 BC , during the Late Neolithic or early Bronze Age ( Bronze Age technology reached the Borders around 1750 BC ) . It is a scheduled monument ( a nationally important archaeological site given special protections ) and is part of a group with two other nearby ancient sites , these being Buck Stone standing stone and another standing stone at Greystone Hill . Settlements appear to have developed in the vicinity of these earlier ritual features in late prehistory and probably earlier .
The circle ( actually slightly oval in form ) consists of eight stones fast in the earth ( a ninth stone has fallen inwards and lies flat ) , but six of these are now just stumps of or less . Of the two large standing stones remaining , one is a regular monolith a little under tall and the other , a pointed stone , is a little over tall . According to the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland , a number of similar circles formerly existed in the immediate area ; the stones have been removed , but the hollow in the center of each circle and marks in the earth showing the former positions of the stones are still visible . In the immediate area there is also a street of circular pits deep which may have formed the shelters of the people who set up the circles , although this is not certain .
Ninestane Rig is actually the name of the low hill ( high , long and broad ) atop which the stone circle stands but is also usually used to designate the circle itself ( which is also sometimes called Nine Stones , not be confused with the Nine Stones circle near Winterbourne Abbas in Dorset or the Nine Stones at Altarnun in Cornwall , nor Nine Stone Rig in East Lothian or Nine Standards Rigg in Cumbria . )
Legendary boiling of William II de Soules
According to legend , William II de Soules , who was lord of Hermitage Castle , was arrested and boiled alive by their tenants at the site in 1320 in a cauldron suspended from the two large stones , on account of being a particularly oppressive and cruel landlord .
William was also a traitor ( he conspired against Robert the Bruce ) and , according to Walter Scott , by local reputation a sorcerer . In John Leyden 's ballad Lord Soulis , William 's mastery of the black arts ( provided by their redcap familiar spirit and also learned from Michael Scot ) was such that rope could not hold him , nor steel harm him , so ( after True Thomas , who was present , had tried and failed to make magical ropes of sand ) they were wrapped in a sheet of lead and boiled . According to Leyden 's ballad , in their time ( 1775–1811 ) the locals still displayed the supposed cauldron used :
However , William II de Soules was not actually boiled alive but died in prison in Dumbarton Castle , probably sometime before 20 April 1321 ( and Leyden 's kettle was actually a relic of the Old Pretender 's rebel army of 1715 , according to Walter Scott ) . It is believed that an earlier ancestor Ranulf II de Soules was killed in their teens by their servants in 1207 or 1208 , on grounds of general vileness and wickedness ; whether or not William 's fate became commingled with Ranulf 's in local oral tradition is now impossible to determine . Scott notes that `` The tradition regarding the death of Lord Soulis , however singular , is not without a parallel in the real history of Scotland . ''
See also
List of stone circles in the Scottish Borders
Notes
References
Buildings and structures completed in the 2nd millennium BC
Stone circles in the Scottish Borders
Archaeological sites in the Scottish Borders
Scheduled monuments in Scotland
Late Neolithic
Mariia Kravtsova ( ; born 19 September 2000 ) is a retired Russian group rhythmic gymnast . They are a two-time ( 2017 , 2018 ) European Group All-around champion and the 2015 European Junior Group All-around champion . They retired in 2018 .
They took up rhythmic gymnastics at age 3 in their hometown Omsk .
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Russian rhythmic gymnasts
Sportspeople from Omsk
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics European Championships
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships
Giovanni Galeone ( born 25 January 1941 ) is an Italian football manager and former player .
Playing career
Galeone , born in Naples , moved to Northern Italy in their youth years , and played as a midfielder for Ponziana Trieste , Monza and Udinese , where they spent most of their playing career .
Managerial career
Galeone started their coaching career at 34 for Serie D team Pordenone , in 1975–76 , obtaining an eleventh place in their debut season . Their first coaching experience in a professional league came in the 1978–79 season for Cremonese of Serie C1 , but ended with a sacking . After a few other experiences , including three fairly successful seasons at SPAL of Serie C1 , in 1986–87 Galeone signed for Serie B team Pescara , the team whose name is associated with them still today . In their debut season with Pescara , Galeone won Serie B and led their team directly to Serie A , and managed to save Pescara from relegation the following season for the first time ever for their side . They left Pescara in 1988–89 , after having failed to avoid relegation for their second time , but returned in 1990–91 and regained promotion to Serie A in 1991–92 . Other than Pescara , where they coached also in 1999–2000 and 2000–01 , Galeone served as head coach for Udinese Calcio in 1994–95 , obtaining a Serie A promotion , Perugia in 1995–96 , where they obtained their fourth and final Serie A promotion , Napoli in 1997–98 and Ancona in 2003–04 . In 2006 , Galeone made their comeback at Udinese , as they were called to replace Loris Dominissini and Néstor Sensini at the helm of the bianconeri .
Galeone is well known for being a strong advocate for the 4–3–3 formation , zonal marking , and an attacking style of playing , which made of them one of the most innovative Italian football coaches in the late 1980s alongside Arrigo Sacchi . At 65 , they had been the oldest active head coach in the 2006–07 Serie A , before being fired on 16 January after disagreements with the club .
On 19 July 2007 , they were announced to make a fourth comeback at Pescara , this time as technical consultant beside new boss Andrea Camplone , a former player of theirs in the 1990s , but left the club only one month later .
References
External links
Galeone fan site
Living people
1941 births
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Italian football managers
Udinese Calcio managers
Delfino Pescara 1936 managers
A.C. Perugia Calcio managers
S.S.C . Napoli managers
Udinese Calcio players
Serie A managers
Footballers from Naples
A.C. Monza players
A.C. Ancona managers
Como 1907 managers
Patrick Smith or Pat Smith is an American fabricator , carpenter , skateboard ramp builder , skate community contributor , professional skateboarder and skate company owner who lives and works in New York City .
Early life and education
Smith was born in Germany , growing up in a military family . Smith grew up getting re-stationed around the world every 3 years , spending most of their youth outside of Baltimore . Smith grew up skating at Lansdowne Skatepark . Smith studied programming at University of Maryland , Baltimore County .
Skateboarding career
Smith skated for Real Skateboards . After Real , Smith skated for Black Label , appearing in the Label Kills video .
According to Steve Rodriguez , Pat Smith was the first to ollie the doubleset at LES Skatepark . Smith makes an appearance in a Jenkem Magazine '' 's article DISCOVERING EVEN MORE SKATE SPOTS VIA GOOGLE EARTH in 2020 .
Patrick Smith emphasizes the need to support your local skate shop . Smith rode for the Pitcrew skate shop in Frederick , Maryland until it closed in 2017 .
Skate videos appearances
Ramp building practice
Growing up in rural Maryland , Smith built their own ramps in their early teens out of necessity . Smith has been building ramps their whole life . In 2020 , Smith was acknowledged by The New York Times '' for their contributions to a Long Island DIY skate spot .
CODA CURB PROJECT
Smith and friends poured and donated long concrete curbs to select New York City skate spots and parks including Blue Park .
Coda Skateboards
Smith founded Coda Skateboards .
References
External links
Pat Smith - episode 3 - One More Try - Podcast - April 2020
PAT SMITH 'S UNRELEASED 151 PART ( 2004 ) - NYSkateboarding
American skateboarders
Deng Jun ( born 28 November 1956 ) is a Chinese water polo player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
1956 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Aruküla may refer to several places in Estonia :
Aruküla , small borough in Raasiku Parish , Harju County
Aruküla , Hiiu County , village in Pühalepa Parish , Hiiu County
Aruküla , Mäetaguse Parish , village in Mäetaguse Parish , Ida-Viru County
Aruküla , Maidla Parish , village in Maidla Parish , Ida-Viru County
Aruküla , Järva County , village in Koeru Parish , Järva County
Aruküla , Lääne County , village in Lihula Parish , Lääne County
Aruküla , Lääne-Viru County , village in Vinni Parish , Lääne-Viru County
Aruküla , Pärnu County , village in Varbla Parish , Pärnu County
Aruküla , Rapla County , village in Märjamaa Parish , Rapla County
A constitutional referendum was held in French Dahomey and French Togoland on 21 October 1945 as part of the wider French constitutional referendum . In the two territories both questions were approved by large margins . Voter turnout was 83.5 % .
Results
Question I
Question II
References
1945 referendums
October 1945 events in Africa
1945
1945 in French Dahomey
1945
1945 in French Togoland
1945
The Trinidad and Tobago Red Cross Society ( TTRCS ) was founded on 12 July 1939 as a Branch of the British Red Cross Society . It has its headquarters in Port of Spain , with branches in the North and South of the island of Trinidad and one branch on the island of Tobago . Following the attainment of independence in 1962 , the TTRCS became an Independent Society by Act No . 15 of 1963 . On 8 August 1963 the TTRCS became part of the International Committee of the Red Cross and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies . The Constitution of the Trinidad and Tobago Red Cross Society is based on the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and their additional Protocols of 1977 and the Fundamental Principles of the Red Cross Red Crescent Movement which are :
• Humanity
• Impartiality
• Neutrality
• Independence
• Voluntary Service
• Unity
• Universality
The TTRCS is made up of several departments with programmes grouped into six core areas :
• Promoting Humanitarian Principles and Values
• Disaster Preparedness and Response
• Health and Care in the Community
• HIV and AIDS information/ education
• Youth Activities
• Restoring family contacts
The TTRCS is an auxiliary in the humanitarian field to the Government of the Republic of Trinidad & Tobago .
Governance
The Trinidad and Tobago Red Cross is controlled and administered by a General Council which represents the Society as a whole . The General Council has 36 members , some appointed and some elected . 18 are members of the Executive Committee , which governs the Trinidad and Tobago Red Cross Society .
External links
Official Web Site
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
Red Cross
1939 establishments in Trinidad and Tobago
Organizations established in 1939
Roots of Music , Inc. is a non-profit educational organization based in Orleans Parish , New Orleans , Louisiana . The organization operates an after-school program which provides academic tutoring and music mentoring for at-risk middle school students ages 9–14 .
History
After Hurricane Katrina , funding for public school music programs , specifically middle schools , was reduced or cut . Rebirth Brass Band snare drummer , Derrick Tabb and Allison Reinhardt developed a plan to establish a youth organization for music that would be citywide with the primary objective being to keep young children off the streets and provide a safe haven during peak times of gun violence - 3pm to 7pm . In 2007 , Reinhardt and Tabb co-founded Roots of Music , Inc. and launched a pilot program in May 2008 . The Roots of Music Crusader Band debuted in 2009 to wide critical acclaim . The program now services 140 students with a waiting list of approximately 400 .
Program
Students accepted into the Roots of Music after-school program participate in both academic tutoring and are members of the Roots of Music Crusaders Band . They are transported by bus from about 40 schools in Orleans Parish Monday through Thursday to the group 's headquarters in the Tremé neighborhood of New Orleans .
For the first hour and a half of the after-school program , the students receive assistance with homework assignments and academic tutoring in core subjects as needed . The remainder of the time is dedicated to music education , song rehearsal and field practice ( marching ) . Members of the Rebirth Brass Band and other New Orleans area music professionals support the program through mentoring and marching practice .
After music education and rehearsal , the students receive a hot , nutritious meal provided by Second Harvest Food Bank of Greater New Orleans and Acadiana , a member of the Feeding America network of food banks . After the meal , the children are transported via bus to their homes across Orleans Parish .
There is no after-school program on Fridays , but the group practices on Saturdays , focusing wholly on music education , marching and field routines . The students receive a hot meal after Saturday practice and are transported home via the program 's buses .
Aside from academic and music education , the organization strives to instill self-discipline , offers mentoring and guidance counseling and has the support of mental health professionals . The program is completely free to the participants and relies on grants and private and corporate donations for sustainability . Roughly 25 % of the program 's budget is earmarked for transportation services . Lack of transportation was cited as one of the issues plaguing the families of at-risk children in regard to their ability to participate in extra-curricular activities . Roots of Music , Inc. holds a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax-exempt status .
Application process and guidelines
Students of the Roots of Music after-school program must be between the age of 9 and 14 years old , qualify for free or reduced lunch , and attend a school in Orleans Parish . The participants must also maintain a 2.5 grade point average in all classes , the same requirement as the Taylor Opportunity Program for Students ( TOPS ) . TOPS pays tuition and some fees for qualifying college students who chose to attend a select group of colleges in Louisiana .
Students are expected to learn and abide by a code of conduct which emphasizes academic achievement , respect of self and others , self-discipline and self-control .
Accolades
The Roots of Music and its co-founder Derrick Tabb have been the subject of numerous news articles . Tabb has been the recipient of several awards based on their work with Roots . In May 2009 , Tabb was chosen as one of the 10 2009 CNN Heroes Top Finalist from over 9,000 entries . Derrick was also a recipient of the 2011 Blue Cross Blue Shield Angel Award . ( see Derrick Tabb : Awards and honors for more comprehensive list )
After the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans in 2011 , The Roots of Music Crusaders performed at an exclusive $ 1,000-a-plate benefit concert hosted by Brad Pitt benefiting the Make It Right Foundation . The event was attended by Snoop Dogg , Rihanna and Kanye West .
The band participated in the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival ( `` JazzFest '' ) in 2012 and 2013 .
In the 2013 Rose Parade , Roots boasted the youngest drum major in the parade 's history , 6 year-old Lawrence Honoré , Jr. Also in 2013 , Roots was the recipient of StubHub 's Rising Star Award .
In 2015 , Roots performed for President Barack Obama during their visit to New Orleans to commemorate the 10th year since Hurricane Katrina devastated the area . During their speech , they praised the Roots of Music mentoring program . On January 11 , 2016 , The Roots of Music performed during the pre-inauguration festivities for Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards. < ref > [ http : //www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2016/01/john_bel_edwards_inauguration_1.html John Bel Edwards Inauguration Schedule , Times Picayune , 1-9-16 . Retrieved 1-19-16 ] < /ref >
Roots alumnus , Jazz Henry , performed at the Essence Music Festival in 2012 and in JazzFest 2014 with The Original Pinettes Brass Band .
Discography
The Roots of Music Crusaders appear on the title track of the studio album ¿Which Side Are You On ? by Ani DiFranco ( 2012 ) .
Television , movies and video
Roots of Music band members Jaron `` Bear '' Williams ( seasons 2–4 ) and Jazz Henry ( seasons 3–4 ) had recurring roles on HBO 's television series Treme ( 2011–13 ) Treme explained ... , Dave Walker , Times-Picayune , 9-30-12 . Retrieved 12-26-15 .
Treme mentions Roots of Music in the series finale episode `` ... To Miss New Orleans '' ( December 2013 )
Documentary film The Whole Gritty City ( 2013 ) chronicles the journey of the Roots of Music as they prepare for Mardi Gras season
48 Hours Presents : The Whole Gritty City ( 2014 ) . This episode of 48 Hours won a Christopher Award in the TV and Cable category .
From Roots to Roses '' ( 2015 ) . This documentary film recorded the journey for the Roots of Music to the world wide-known Rose Parade , which made a history in both New Orleans and the parade .
The Roots of Music are featured on Bonnie 'Prince ' Billy 's 2017 music video and recording of `` The Curse '' by The Mekons .
Further reading
Gallery
External links
The Whole Gritty City film website
Video : President Obama 's speech in New Orleans on August 27 , 2015
References
Educational organizations based in the United States
New Orleans
After school programs
American jazz ensembles from New Orleans
Music schools in Louisiana
Music education organizations
Articles containing video clips
High school marching bands from the United States
Musical groups established in 2009
Rukometni Klub Sloga commonly referred to as RK Sloga or simply Sloga is a team handball club from Doboj , Bosnia and Herzegovina . The team currently competes in the Handball Championship of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
History
Sloga was founded in 1959 . Until 1972 the club bore the name Partizan , Željezničar and Dobojindex , when it was finally changed to Sloga . RK Sloga was regular participant of Yugoslav top league between 1980 and 1991 . In 1983 Sloga reached Yugoslav cup finals where it was defeated by then handball powerhouse Metaloplastika Šabac . In next season Sloga reached EHF Cup Winners ' Cup final where it was defeated by FC Barcelona . The club competed in the regional SEHA League in 2013 .
Honours
Domestic
Handball Championship of Bosnia and Herzegovina :
Winners ( 1 ) : 2012
Handball Cup of Bosnia and Herzegovina :
Winners ( 2 ) : 2005 , 2006
Handball Cup of Yugoslavia :
Runner-up ( 1 ) : 1983
European
EHF Cup Winner 's Cup :
Runner-up ( 1 ) : 1984
Team 2017–18
Current squad
Goalkeeper
Đorđe Bosić
Milutin Bogdanović
Damir Efendić
Božidar Bajović
Wingers
Tarik Alibegović
Luka Lazić
Milan Pavlov
Nikola Sauka
Bojan Tulendić
Rajko Maričić
Bojan Petrušić
Line players
Branko Mišanović
Radovan Uljarević
Back players
Srđan Gavrić
Nemanja Zekić
Miljan Ivanović
Danijel Pejić
Aleksandar Milojević
Borko Vještica
Dušan Miličević
Miloš Maksimović
Luka Karanović
Recent seasons
The recent season-by-season performance of the club :
Notable players
Đorđe Lavrnić
Mario Kelentrić
Drago Jovović
Željko Đurđić
Muhamed Memić
Šandor Hodik
Danijel Šarić
Faruk Vražalić
Peđa Dejanović
Faruk Halilbegović
Vladimir Grbić
Coaching history
Aleksandar Dugić
Vojislav Malešević
Slobodan Mišković
Đorđe Lavrnić
Josip Glavaš
Dušan Pavlović
Vojislav Rađa
Milanko Savčić
Branislav Živanić
Aleksandar Dugić
Zoran Dokić
Goran Stojić
Jasmin Unkić
Igor Pijetlović
Milorad Gračanin
References
Bosnia and Herzegovina handball clubs
Doboj
Don Palathara is a film director , screenwriter , and documentary filmmaker from Kerala , India . Known for working on small budgets , their films are expositions of local Kerala culture and study on the human nature . Palathara 's films have gained accolades at several international film festivals , including Moscow International Film Festival , International Film Festival Rotterdam and International Film Festival of Kerala .
Early life
Don Palathara was born and raised in Kerala , India . They subsequently migrated to Sydney , Australia , where they received a diploma from the Academy of Film , Theatre and Television in Sydney , which was formerly known as the International Film School Sydney , before its merger with Actors College of Theatre and Television .
Career
Palathara had made several short films and documentaries , before venturing into feature films . In 2015 , their first movie , Shavam , was released . Made on a small budget , the film was noted for its atypical filmmaking choices , as it was made entirely in black and white , used location recording of sound ( unusual for Indian movies ) , and a large number of inexperienced actors . The film , which is a satire exploring aspects of human character and set at the scene of a funeral , was well received in international film festivals , and garnered positive responses locally as well . When the film was released , it was distributed using Kazhcha Film Forum 's Cinema Vandi , an alternative film distribution mechanism Later , Shavam was presented on Netflix and MUBI .
In 2017 , Palathara wrote , directed , produced , and edited their second feature film , Vith . The movie was financed through crowdfunding platforms , including Kickstarter and from the proceeds of Shavam , a method of film finance rapidly gaining popularity amongst younger filmmakers .
Their next film , 1956 , Central Travancore , wasr premiered at Moscow International Film Festival . In 2022 , '1956 , Central Travancore ' bagged FFSI 's John Abraham Award for the best film of 2020 .
In 2020 , Palathara made the film Santhoshathinte Onnam Rahasyam featuring Rima Kallingal and Jitin Puthanchery , which is an 85-min single-take car ride taken by a young journalist and an aspiring actor . This film was later nominated for Golden George for best film at the 43rd Moscow International Film Festival .
Their Everything Is Cinema , a relationship drama presented in first-person narrative , featuring only Sherin Catherine had its premiere at the 50th International Film Festival Rotterdam in the Cinema Regained section .
Filmography
References
External links
Official Website
Don Palathara on IMDb
Film directors from Kerala
Malayalam film directors
Living people
1986 births
Autopharmacology relates to the scientific study of the regulation of body functions by the activity of its naturally existent ( or endogenous ) chemical factors of the tissues . A more restricted definition would consider substances that were first identified as external agents which had a documented action on physiological functions , but later were discovered as existing as endogenous factors . The best example is the class of endorphins , which , as its name implies , were discovered to exist in the brain and have specific receptors in it , by investigations on the mechanism of action of opioids , such as morphine .
Historically , the first approach to the concept of autopharmacology began with British physiologist and pharmacologist Henry Dale in the 1910s , discovered the role of acetylcholine in synaptic transmission , and later proved by Austrian physiologist Otto Loewi , to be the neurotransmitter involved in the proximal synapses of the autonomic nervous system ( initially named Vagusstoff by Loewi , and later identified as acetylcholine ) . The same happened to another autonomic neurotransmitter , noradrenaline ( Akzeleransstoff by Loewi ) , which later proved to be chemically similar to a long used pharmacological agent , adrenaline , a hormone secreted by the adrenal glands . Both scientists were awarded the 1936 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for their pioneering and important contributions .
A research area where autopharmacology principles assumed great importance was that of pain and inflammation , due to the great number of endogenous messengers , transmitters and modulators involved in their complex response at molecular and cellular level . The control and regulation mechanisms of the circulatory system and renal functions and their interactions ( such as the renin/angiotensin system ) are also greatly influenced by autopharmacological agents ; One of the autopharmacology pioneers was Professor Mauricio Rocha e Silva , leader of the team of Brazilian researchers who discovered bradykinin in 1948 , an endogenous substance involved in hypotension in circulatory shock . Of course , all these systems are of extreme importance for clinical practice and for the discovery of new therapeutic drugs .
Endogenous substances that could fall under the concept of autopharmacology are :
Endorphins
Dynorphin
Bradykinin
Prostaglandins
Angiotensin
Secretin
Gastrin
Cholecystokinin
Histamine
Cannabinoids
Substance P
The main scientific criterion for an autopharmacological agent is the discovery of specific membrane receptors for it and , hopefully , its transduction and cell signaling mechanisms .
The term was never much of a mainstream concept , and has fallen into disuse , as research on basic mechanisms has advanced . In a recent literature search on PubMed , only six titles refer to the term autopharmacology .
References
Pharmacology
Physiology
Jason Ruta ( born August 7 , 1979 , in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian television personality and actor .
Ruta first came to prominence as a participant in the second season of U8TV : The Lofters . The show followed the lives of eight Canadians living and working in a fully wired loft TV studio , producing and hosting shows . Unlike season one 's Mathieu Chantelois , who was openly gay from the very beginning of their time on the show , Ruta came out as gay during their time in the loft . They hosted the Gemini-nominated magazine series So Gay TV for U8TV and PrideVision , but later left The Lofters after being voted out by viewers .
From 2000 to 2006 , Ruta was employed by Corus Entertainment in various roles , including for CMT Canada , YTV and as a radio DJ for CING-FM in Hamilton .
Ruta later returned to television in 2007 , joining E ! Canada as co-host , with fellow U8TV alumna Arisa Cox , of E ! News Weekend . The show was cancelled in 2009 when E ! Canada 's original incarnation was shut down after Canwest Media filed for bankruptcy .
In 2012 and 2013 Ruta narrated seasons 1 and 2 ( 52 episodes ) of the HGTV Canada travel series Live Here , Buy This .
In 2015 , Ruta hosted Fabulocity , a show that aired on OutTV .
Acting
In 2012 , Ruta appeared as an actor in episode 20 of the TV series The Firm . In 2013 they played Robert Johnson in episode 6 ( `` Gabby Gabreski '' ) of the Cineflix produced series Air Aces .
References
External links
Jason Ruta
1979 births
Living people
Canadian infotainers
Canadian radio personalities
Canadian television journalists
Canadian male television actors
Journalists from Manitoba
LGBT actors from Canada
Participants in Canadian reality television series
Male actors from Winnipeg
LGBT broadcasters from Canada
Where ? is the debut album by bassist Ron Carter recorded in 1961 at Van Gelder Studio and released on the New Jazz label . Some reissues of the album appear under Eric Dolphy 's name .
Reception
The AllMusic review by Jim Todd stated `` Carter and Dolphy had played together in Chico Hamilton 's group and on Dolphy 's important 1960 date Out There . Where ? has elements in common with both , but is closer to Hamilton 's late-'50s chamber jazz than to the more outward-bound Dolphy date . ... Carter 's skill is undeniable , but their playing on Where ? is a bit polite and monochromatic . ... Dolphy -- playing bass clarinet , alto sax , and flute -- is a far more interesting prospect , even if they do n't blow their face off to the extent they did in other settings ''
Track listing
All compositions by Ron Carter except as indicated
`` Rally '' — 5:42
`` Bass Duet '' — 5:43
`` Softly , as in a Morning Sunrise '' ( Oscar Hammerstein II , Sigmund Romberg ) '' — 7:37
`` Where ? '' ( Randy Weston ) '' — 5:58
`` Yes , Indeed '' ( Sy Oliver ) '' — 5:51
`` Saucer Eyes '' ( Weston ) '' —5:08
Personnel
Ron Carter — bass ( tracks 3 , 4 & 6 ) , cello ( tracks 1 , 2 , 4 & 5 )
Eric Dolphy — alto saxophone ( track 3 ) , bass clarinet ( track 1 ) , flute ( tracks 5 & 6 )
Mal Waldron — piano
George Duvivier — bass ( tracks 1 , 2 , 4 & 5 )
Charlie Persip — drums
References
New Jazz Records albums
Ron Carter albums
Eric Dolphy albums
1961 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Esmond Edwards
Avatha complens is a species of moth of the family Erebidae . It is found from the north-eastern Himalayas , the Andamans and Sundaland to the Solomon Islands . The habitat consists of dry , sandy heath forests and lower montane forests .
Adults are highly variable , as well as sexually dimorphic . Both males and females have a distinctly oblique band between the antemedial and postmedial black zones . In males , this band is pale rufous brown , while it is grey in females .
References
Moths described in 1858
Avatha
Moths of Asia
Physica Status Solidi , often stylized physica status solidi or pss , is a family of international peer-reviewed , scientific journals , publishing research on all aspects of solid state physics , and materials science . It is owned and published by Wiley–VCH . These journals publish over 2000 articles per year , making it one of the largest international publications in condensed matter physics . The current editor-in-chief is Stefan Hildebrandt at the Editorial Office based in Berlin . This office also manages the peer-review process .
History
Physica Status Solidi was founded by Karl Wolfgang Böer ( then at Humboldt University of Berlin ) in East Berlin and published its first issue in July 1961 . Shortly after the journal was founded , the construction of the Berlin Wall in August 1961 exacerbated the distances between scientists from the Eastern and Western blocs . Throughout the cold war Physica Status Solidi maintained political independence and English as publication language and , as such , it became a major platform for the scientists behind the Iron Curtain to disseminate their results in the Western world ( and vice versa ) and thus a forum of international exchange for scientists from the East and the West .
In 1970 the journal was divided into series A ( Applications and Materials Science ) and B ( Basic Solid State Physics ) . In 2003 , series C ( Current Topics in Solid State Physics ) was created to accommodate the publication of conference proceedings .
Following the reunification of Germany in 1990 the journal 's original publisher Akademie Verlag became part of the VCH Publishing group , which again was merged into John Wiley & Sons , leading to the formation of Wiley-VCH Verlag in 1997 .
A fourth series , RRL ( Rapid Research Letters ) , was launched in 2007 to publish short articles of broader and immediate interest to the solid state physics and materials science community . Publication times are typically two weeks from submission to online publication .
Journals
References
External links
Physica Status Solidi A
Physica Status Solidi B
Physica Status Solidi C
Physica Status Solidi RRL
Physics journals
Materials science journals
Monthly journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1961
Wiley ( publisher ) academic journals
Silat Harimau ( Minangkabau : Silek Harimau , Indonesian : Pencak Silat Harimau ) is a Minangkabau style of pencak silat originating from West Sumatra , Indonesia . Silat Harimau has movements that are used to resemble the technique and philosophy of a tiger . Silat harimau has agile techniques and beautiful movements . However , behind these techniques and movements , there are various deadly attacks that are applied to immobilize the enemy very quickly .
This movement is known to be quite painful and makes the opponent unable to move and can only lie down with a body that can not fight back . In addition , Silat Harimau also uses claws as a weapon to attack their opponent . The claws aim at the neck , face and vital parts of the opponent . This technique is a characteristic that does not exist in other Pencak silat .
History
Silat Harimau is a variation of silek , a type of Indonesian pencak silat that originates from the Minangkabau culture in West Sumatra . Silat Harimau was first created in the Pariangan area , in 1119 by Datuk Suri Dirajo . At that time , Datuk Suri Diarjo trained the royal troops with various different silat styles , because in ancient times the silat troops often faced one-on-one , one-on-three , or one-on-four battles . The main key for a fighter to win the battle is to defeat the enemy head-on as quickly as possible .
Movement
The Silat Harimau movement belongs to the `` campa tiger '' movement which is the result of a combination with immigrants from Champa with a characteristic close combat style of fighting , where during battle , the fighters are immediately positioned in the front row . This style will in the future become the forerunner to the establishment of Silek Harimau which was taught by Edwel Yusri Datuak Rajo Gampo Alam .
Clothing
The clothes used for Silat Harimau are black clothes which are better known as `` endong '' or `` galembong '' . This black itself has the meaning of `` tahan tapo '' ( resistant to exposure ) and black clothes are better for silek than white clothes that quickly look dirty . Silek clothes are made loose on the thighs to make it easier for Pesilek to make movements to be more flexible and agile . Movements such as jumping and there are some acrobatic movements . And there is also such a thing as `` deta '' , the name for a typical Minangkabay headband that is shaped like a horn of various patterns attached to the head .
Weapon
The typical weapon of Silat Harimau is a small hand-held knife shaped like a tiger 's claw . The western world calls it Karambit and in Indonesia it is called Kerambit / Karambiak . This weapon is the original weapon of the Minangkabau people . This weapon is dangerous because it can be used to slash or tear the opponent 's limbs quickly and undetected . Karambit is deliberately designed to be more curved like a tiger 's claw , after seeing a tiger fight with its claws , this is in line with the Minangkabau philosophy which says that `` Alam takambang jadi guru '' . This Karambit weapon is commonly used in Tiger Silat because it symbolizes the claws and some use a knife which symbolizes the fangs of a tiger .
See also
Pencak Silat
Styles of silat
Indonesian martial arts
References
Indonesian martial arts
Indonesian culture
Sport in Indonesia
Mixed martial arts styles
Sports originating in Indonesia
id : Pencak Silat
pt : Pencak Silat
The president of Paraguay ( ) , officially known as the President of the Republic of Paraguay ( ) , is according to the Constitution of Paraguay the head of the executive branch of the Government of Paraguay , both head of state and head of government . Their honorific title is Su Excelencia .
Under the 1992 constitution , the president is limited to a single five-year term . An attempt by the Senate to abolish term limits on 1 April 2017 resulted in protests ; it was ultimately rejected .
The presidential seat is the Palacio de los López , in Asunción . The presidential residence is the Mburuvichá Roga , also in Asunción .
Once presidents leave office , they are granted by the Constitution of Paraguay the speaking-but-non-voting position of senator for life .
The current president of Paraguay is Mario Abdo Benítez , since 15 August 2018 .
List of presidents
Latest election
See also
First Lady of Paraguay
List of presidents of Paraguay
References
External links
Presidency of the Republic of Paraguay
Paraguay , President of
Presidents of Paraguay
Presidents
Presidents
1844 establishments in Paraguay
Royaye Ma ( , A Dream ) , is a single by Iranian singers , Ebi and Shadmehr , released in 2012 . In this single singers critic the governing idea of this world which is based on war and cruelness .
Music video
The singers released the music video sponsored by Roshen confectionery . The video focuses on the children who are main victims of wars .
Global tour
Ebi and Shadmehr performed the song in different cities such as :
Vancouver ,
London , HMV Forum
References
2012 singles
Persian-language songs
2012 songs
`` Yakety Yak '' is a song written , produced , and arranged by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller for the Coasters and released on Atco Records in 1958 , spending seven weeks as # 1 on the R & B charts and a week as number one on the Top 100 pop list . This song was one of a string of singles released by the Coasters between 1957 and 1959 that dominated the charts , making them one of the biggest performing acts of the rock and roll era .
Song
The song is a `` playlet , '' a word Stoller used for the glimpses into teenage life that characterized the songs Leiber and Stoller wrote and produced . The lyrics describe the listing of household chores to a kid , presumably a teenager , the teenager 's response ( `` yakety yak '' ) and the parents ' retort ( `` do n't talk back '' ) — an experience very familiar to a middle-class teenager of the day . Leiber has said the Coasters portrayed `` a white kid 's view of a black person 's conception of white society . '' The serio-comic street-smart `` playlets '' etched out by the songwriters were sung by the Coasters with a sly clowning humor , while the tenor saxophone of King Curtis filled in , in the up-tempo doo-wop style . The group was openly `` theatrical '' in style—they were not pretending to be expressing their own experience .
The threatened punishment for not taking out the garbage and sweeping the floor is , in the song 's humorous lyrics :
`` You ai n't gon na rock and roll no more , ''
And the refrain is :
`` Yakety yak . Do n't talk back . ''
In the last verse , the parents order their son to tell their `` hoodlum friend '' outside in the car , that they wo n't be allowed to go out with them at all for a ride .
Personnel
Mike Stoller , piano
King Curtis , tenor saxophone
Alan Hanlon , guitar
Adolph Jacobs , guitar
Wendell Marshall or Lloyd Trotman , bass
Joe Marshall , drums
Chino Pozo , congas
Cover versions
Québécois duo Les Jérolas recorded in 1959 a French version , subtitled `` Rouspet ' pas '' , for the RCA Victor label .
Billy Sanders recorded a version in German , `` Jackety Jack '' in early 1959. .
The song was covered by Jan & Dean and was planned to be released on their album Carnival of Sound in 1968 . Carnival of Sound was not released until 2010 .
Lee Perry released a cover version in 1969 ( as Lee Perry and the Upsetters ) , altering the lyric `` You ai n't gon na rock and roll no more '' to `` You ai n't gon na reggae reggae reggae no more ''
Sha Na Na performed this as part of their set at the original Woodstock Festival and recorded two live covers of the song in 1971 and 1972 .
The Pipkins covered the song in 1970 , produced by John Burgess .
Electronic/disco group El Coco covered this song in 1975 with some comedy elements , taken from their debut album , Mondo Disco , released on AVI Records .
The song was covered by 2 Live Crew for the 1988 movie Twins . In the film , Julius ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) sings along as the song plays in their earphones while flying to the United States .
Phantom Planet covered this song for the soundtrack of the 1999 film Mumford .
Parodies and alternate lyrics
The song was parodied for use in adverts for Radox bath soak and McCain Micro Chips in the 1980s and 1990s respectively .
A modified version , `` Yakety Yak , Take It Back '' , was used in a 1990 all-star PSA for the Take It Back Foundation .
Vince Vance & the Valiants , one of multiple groups parodying Barbara Ann as `` Bomb Iran '' in 1980 , created a similarly themed 2005 parody called `` Yakety Yak ( Bomb Iraq ) '' .
Other uses in popular culture
The tenor saxophone solo by King Curtis inspired the 1963 Boots Randolph song `` Yakety Sax '' .
The song is sung by the Coasters in the 1988 horror-comedy Phantom of the Ritz , in which the four-man group makes a cameo appearance .
It has also served as the theme to Clive Anderson 's chat-show Clive Anderson Talks Back during the 1990s , and as the opening theme of the 1988 movie
It was the inspiration and theme song for the 2002-2003 Canadian/Australian animated series , Yakkity Yak .
A music video starring Plucky Duck as the kid tasked with chores , and a group of anthropomorphic yaks in police officer suits , aired on the 90th episode of Tiny Toon Adventures and used in The Plucky Duck Show .
The song name was used for the code name of Ubuntu 16.10 , a Linux operating system with its versions all named after animals .
Used as the opening theme for Barstool Sports radio show The Yak .
The song is sung by Paul Bettany in a pivotal scene as Vision in the WandaVision episode `` Filmed Before a Live Studio Audience '' .
This song was sung by caveman-clad Muppet pigs in The Muppet Show , Episode 5x13 .
The original recording was also included in films including Stand by Me ( 1986 ) , The Great Outdoors ( 1988 ) and Always ( 1989 ) and the Disney+ original miniseries , WandaVision .
See also
List of number-one R & B singles of 1958 ( U.S . )
List of number-one singles of 1958 ( U.S . )
References
Songs written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller
Jan and Dean songs
1958 singles
The Coasters songs
Billboard Top 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
1958 songs
Atco Records singles
Irene Kim ( November 6 , 1987 ) , also known by their online alias Ireneisgood , is an American model , beauty and fashion blogger , and television personality . In 2018 , Kim released their clothing brand IRENEISGOOD LABEL .
Early life
Irene Kim was born in Iowa , to South Korean parents and raised in Seattle , Washington . In middle school , Kim and their family moved to South Korea , where they attended a Christian boarding school . Kim studied textile design at New York 's Fashion Institute of Technology . While interning at JYP Entertainment , Kim came up with the leopard print concept for the Wonder Girls ' single , `` So Hot '' .
Kim credits their sense of style to their grandmother .
Career
Modeling
Kim 's first runway show was for Jardin de Chouette and SJYP in 2012 . Kim walked for J Koo , KYE , Youser , Supercomma B , and S=YZ . They have worked with designers such as Mulberry , Ferragamo , MATCHESFASHION , MaxMara , Calvin Klein , Charles & Keith , and Chanel .
In 2015 , Kim was appointed as Estée Lauder 's Global Beauty Contributor with Kendall Jenner . Kim is a brand ambassador for Chanel .
They appeared on magazine covers for Cosmopolitan Korea , Marie Claire Taiwan , W Korea , Harper 's Bazaar Korea , Elle Thailand , and Grazia Magazine China .
Kim is known for their multi-colored hair .
Television
In 2015 , Kim became a co-host for Mnet 's original programming , `` K-Style '' , a show introducing Korean trends in fashion , beauty , and lifestyle . A few years later , they became co-host of CJ E & M 's channel Onstyle on a program called , `` Style Live '' . Them segment was titled , `` Irene Live '' . In 2019 , Irene became one of the hosts for CJ E & M 's `` Get It Beauty '' program , a show that shares beauty tips and trends .
In 2019 , Kim met with E News ' E Social Studies Club to discuss the meaning of Ireneisgood .
With Eva Chen , the head of fashion partnerships at Instagram , Kim was one of the influencers who appeared on The Today Show to introduce spring trends of the 2019 season .
Label
In June 2018 , Irene released their brand , IRENEISGOOD LABEL . The Label had pop-ups in Shanghai , China and Seoul , South Korea . In March 2019 , IRENEISGOOD Label released its first sneaker collaboration and pop-up with JOSHUAS in Taiwan .
Appearances
Awards
In 2017 , Kim won the `` Style Influencer '' award at the ELLE Style Awards .
References
External links
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
1987 births
Living people
21st-century American women writers
21st-century South Korean women writers
American expatriates in South Korea
American female models
American models of Korean descent
American people of South Korean descent
American women non-fiction writers
American writers of Korean descent
Female models from Iowa
South Korean female models
South Korean non-fiction writers
Hopalong Nunatak ( ) is the westernmost and highest of the Whichaway Nunataks in Antarctica . It was first mapped in 1957 by the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition and so named to mark the work in this area of the Australian geologist of the expedition in 1956–58 .
References
Nunataks of Coats Land
The Road to Mandalay is a 2016 internationally co-produced drama film directed by Midi Z . The film premiered at the 73rd edition of the Venice Film Festival in the Venice Days section , in which it was awarded the Fedeora Award for Best Film . It was also screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival .
Plot
A Young Burmese girl , Lien Ching ( Wu Ke-xi ) , smuggles themselves in a truck heading for Bangkok , Thailand , aiming to pursue a better life , and eventually even go to Taiwan for better opportunities . In Bangkok they meet A-kuo ( Kai Ko ) , a boy from the same Burmese hometown Lashio , who was less ambitious but pragmatic and had a crush on them
Lacking proper identification , Liang struggles to find legitimate work and gets arrested as an illegal immigrant by the Thai authorities . They are fined and has to rely on A-kuo 's help . Lien Ching becomes desperate to obtain legal paperwork , even if it is fraudulent .
After several failed attempts on the papers and losing money , they finally accept a solution offered by a drug dealer who requires a huge sum of money . In order to collect the amount , Lien Ching prostitutes herself . This act enrages A-kuo , who has been supporting them
Lien Ching makes enough money to gain passage into Thailand , while A-kuo remains short . One night shortly before their planned departure , A-kuo jealously murders Lien Ching .
Cast
Kai Ko as A-kuo
Wu Ke-xi as Lien Ching
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2016 films
2016 drama films
Taiwanese drama films
French drama films
German drama films
2010s Mandarin-language films
2010s Burmese-language films
Films directed by Midi Z
Myanmar–Thailand relations
Burmese diaspora
Immigration to Thailand
Burmese drama films
2016 multilingual films
Taiwanese multilingual films
French multilingual films
German multilingual films
2010s French films
2010s German films
Les Bêtises ( `` The stupid things '' ) is a 1971 novel by the French writer Jacques Laurent . It recounts 47 years in the life of an adventurous and well-travelled man , in the forms of their own notes , diary entries , an unfinished novel and comments , collected by a friend after the man 's death . Laurent wrote the novel over a period of 22 years .
Reception
The novel received the Prix Goncourt , with five votes against four in the sixth voting round . It was also the first choice for the Prix Renaudot , but the Renaudot can never go to the same book as the Goncourt , so the award went to the jury 's second choice , Le Sac du palais d'été by Pierre-Jean Rémy . Although there are no political themes in Les Bêtises , the Goncourt jury 's decision proved controversial within the leftist press due to Laurent 's right-wing sympathies , and journalists complained that there were no working-class people in the novel .
References
External links
Publicity page at the publisher 's website
1971 French novels
French-language novels
Prix Goncourt winning works
Éditions Grasset books
Novels by Jacques Laurent
Spatsizi Plateau Wilderness Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , protecting most of the Spatsizi Plateau , the southeasternmost subplateau of the Stikine Plateau , and the upper reaches of the basin of the Stikine River .
Etymology
`` Spatsizi '' is an anglicization of a phrase from the Sekani language meaning `` red goat '' ( tspah=goat , tsije=red ) . Mountain goats in the region roll on a particular red-coloured mountain , with the ochre dust colouring their coats red .
History
Originally established by an Order in Council ( OIC ) at approximately 1,668,000 acres ( 675,016 ha ) more or less , it was converted by the Protected Areas of British Columbia Amendment Act , 2001 , legislation by the then-new Liberal government to 696,091 ha ( 1,720,078 acres ) more or less , and was again reduced by the Parks and Protected Areas Statutes Amendment Act , 2003 , to 695,102 ha ( 1,717,634 acres ) more or less .
Geography
The park borders Stikine River Provincial Park to the north , Tatlatui Provincial Park to the southeast , and completely surrounds Gladys Lake Ecological Reserve .
Ecology
This is the range of the province 's largest remaining herd of woodland caribou , as well as mountain goats , moose , grizzlies and wolves .
See also
Spatsizi Headwaters Provincial Park
References
External links
BC Parks webpage
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Stikine Country
Stikine Plateau
Protected areas established in 1975
1975 establishments in British Columbia
The 1888 Indiana gubernatorial election was held on November 6 , 1888 . Republican nominee Alvin Peterson Hovey defeated Democratic nominee Courtland C. Matson with 49.03 % of the vote .
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Alvin Peterson Hovey , Republican
Courtland C. Matson , Democratic
Other candidates
Jasper Hughes , Prohibition
John B. Mulroy , Union Labor
Results
References
1888
Indiana
Gubernatorial
Slobomir Televizija is a Bosnian commercial television channel based in Slobomir ( near city of Bijeljina ) , Bosnia and Herzegovina . The program is mainly produced in Serbian . The TV station was established in 2005 . The local radio station Radio Slobomir is also part of this company .
External links
Communications Regulatory Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mass media in Bijeljina
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations established in 2005
The White Lake Wilderness Area is a wilderness area located in Nova Scotia , Canada , in Halifax Regional Municipality . Several trails , all maintined by the Musquodoboit Trailways Association , pass through it ; Gibraltar Rock Loop , White Lake Wilderness Trails , the Musquodoboit Rail Trail , the Bayers Lake Loop , and the Admiral Lake loop . Access to much of the remainder of the wilderness area is possible only by canoe , requiring multiple portages to get to some of the more remote lakes .
The Wilderness area was established in the early 1990s as a commitment to protect certain areas of Nova Scotia that displayed unique terrain , fauna and/or flora . In the case of the White Lake Wilderness Area , this flora and fauna is rugged , lake-strewn , conifer forest . Inside the wilderness area are some 350-million-year-old bare granite ridges and knolls , White Spruce and Balsam Fir forests , with some groves of 100-year-old hemlock and the occasional large White Pine . Hardwoods , including White Birch , Red Maple , and Sugar Maple , can be found in some of the more protected valleys .
Notable features
Musquodoboit River
Eunice Lake
Bayers Lake
Admiral Lake
Granite Lake
Turtle Lake
White Lake
References
Protected areas of Nova Scotia
Romeo Tirone is an American cinematographer and television director . They are best known for their work on the television series Dexter , for which they were nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Cinematography for a One-Hour Series in 2008 for the episode `` The British Invasion '' .
Credits
Cinematography
Lowball ( 1996 )
Zoe Loses It ( short film ) ( 2000 )
L.I.E . ( 2001 )
Date Squad ( short film ) ( 2001 )
Nadine in Date Land ( TV film ) ( 2005 )
12 and Holding ( 2005 )
Cry_Wolf ( 2005 )
Babylon Fields ( unsold TV pilot ) ( 2007 )
Possible Side Effects ( unsold TV pilot ) ( 2009 )
Dexter ( 2007–2011 )
True Blood ( 2009–2013 )
Television directing
Dexter ( 2006–2013 )
True Blood ( 2011–2013 )
Red Widow ( 2013 )
Nurse Jackie ( 2013 )
Rectify ( 2013 )
Once Upon a Time in Wonderland ( 2013 )
Sleepy Hollow ( 2014 )
Revenge ( 2014 )
Mind Games ( 2014 )
Constantine ( 2014-2015 )
Once Upon a Time ( 2014-2016 )
Of Kings and Prophets ( 2016 )
Underground ( 2016 )
Blindspot ( 2016 )
Taken ( 2017-2018 )
S.W.A.T . ( 2018 )
Whiskey Cavalier ( 2019 )
The Tick ( 2019 )
The InBetween ( 2019 )
Manifest ( 2020-2022 )
Paradise Lost ( 2020 )
FBI : Most Wanted ( 2021 )
References
External links
American cinematographers
American television directors
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Mitcham Road Barracks is an Army Reserve centre in Croydon , London , with a history dating back to 1794 .
History
The barracks were designed as a depot for recruits of the Grenadier Guards , the Coldstream Guards and the Scots Guards regiments and were completed , as part of the British response to the French Revolution , in 1794 . The barracks became the headquarters of the 2nd Surrey Rifle Volunteers in 1859 . The 2nd Surrey Rifle Volunteers evolved to become the 4th Battalion , Queen 's Royal Regiment ( West Surrey ) in 1908 . The battalion was mobilised at the drill hall in August 1914 before being deployed to India . After benefitting from a major modernisation of the barracks in the 1930s , the battalion became a searchlight regiment in 1938 and a light anti-aircraft regiment in 1942 .
The battalion was reconstituted as 598th Light Anti-Aircraft Regiment , Royal Artillery in 1947 and evolved to become a battery within 565th Light Anti-Aircraft Regiment Royal Artillery in 1955 , while still based at the Mitcham Road Barracks . The unit reverted to its county infantry regiment status title as part of the 3rd Battalion , The Queen 's Royal Surrey Regiment in 1961 . The battalion was reduced to company size as D Company , 6th ( Territorial ) Battalion , The Queen 's Regiment ( Queen 's Surreys ) , still based at the Mitcham Road Barracks , in 1967 . However the company was disbanded following a reorganisation in 1971 .
Meanwhile , C ( Kent and County of London ) Squadron , the Royal Yeomanry had also been formed at the Mitcham Road Barracks in 1967 ; it evolved to become C ( Kent and Sharpshooters Yeomanry ) Company , the Royal Yeomanry in 1999 .
Current use
The barracks still remains an active Army Reserve Centre . It currently ( November 2017 ) houses C ( Kent and Sharpshooters Yeomanry ) Squadron , The Royal Yeomanry , 150 Recovery Company , Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers , and the Mortar Platoon of B Company , 4th Battalion , Parachute Regiment .
References
Drill halls in London
Buildings and structures in the London Borough of Croydon
History of the London Borough of Croydon
Theodorella is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae .
Species within the genus Theodorella include :
Theodorella arenosa Michaelsen , 1922
Theodorella stewartensis Michaelsen , 1922
Theodorella torus Michaelsen , 1922
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
François-Xavier Ménage ( born 27 June 1980 ) is a French journalist .
Biography
Xavier was born on 27 June 1980 in Brittany .
They created the television program , Capital , and currently is its host .
References
1980 births
Living people
People from Ploërmel
French television journalists
French male journalists
Broken Creek is a creek in northern Victoria , Australia . The creek diverges from Broken River immediately downstream from the former Lake Mokoan ( now decommissioned ) near Benalla and flows in a north-west direction . The creek passes through the towns of Numurkah and Nathalia before entering the Murray River upstream from Barmah .
References
Rivers of Victoria ( Australia )
Goulburn Broken catchment
Rivers of Hume ( region )
Tributaries of the Murray River
Honarstan-e Kashavarzi ( , also Romanized as Honarstān-e Kashāvarzī ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 31 , in 9 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Blackshare Formation is a geologic formation exposed in the Hagan Basin west of the Ortiz Mountains of New Mexico . It is estimated be to of Miocene age .
Description
The Blackshare Formation consists primarily of sandstone and conglomerate with minor mudstone . The conglomerate forms lenticular bodies , with clasts consisting mostly of Ortiz porphyry with small amounts of hornfels and chert . The sandstone layers tend to be more coarse at their base . The dip of the beds ( which is to the northeast ) decreases from 16 degrees to 1 degree from the base to the top of the formation . Paleocurrents confirm deposition by stream flow from the Ortiz Mountains to the east . The total thickness is over .
The formation is divided into four informal members , described as a sandstone facies , a conglomeratic sandstone facies , a conglomerate facies , and a muddy sandstone facies . The formation interfingers with the underlying Tanos Formation and is overlain with angular unconformity by the Tuerto Formation .
An ash bed about below the top of the formation has a radiometric age of 11.65 ± 0.38 million years ( Ma ) .
The formation is interpreted as deposition by streams flowing from the east into a closed basin . The progressive tilting of the beds , with the lower beds showing significant dip while the uppermost are nearly horizontal , may be connected to the uplift of the Sandia Mountains to the south while the sediments making up the formation were being deposited .
History
The beds making up this formation were first assigned to the Santa Fe Formation by Stearns in 1953 . They were designated as the Blackshare Formation of the Santa Fe Group by Connell et al . in 2002 .
References
Bibliography
Neogene formations of New Mexico
Kamenev Nunatak ( ) is a ridge-like nunatak located inland from Odom Inlet and west of Mount Whiting in Palmer Land , Antarctica . It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) in 1974 , and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Yevgeniy N. Kamenev , a Soviet geologist who was an Exchange Scientist to the U.S. McMurdo Station in 1972 . They participated as a member of the USGS geological and mapping party to the Lassiter Coast in 1972–73 .
References
Nunataks of Palmer Land
Sporting Clube do Príncipe is a football club that plays in the island of Principe in São Tomé and Príncipe . The team plays in the Principe Island League in its local division .
History
The club was founded on February 6 , 1915 , and is the oldest club on the island and in the nation , Sporting Príncipe is the fathering club of Sporting Clube de Portugal and is the 183rd affiliate .
The team recently won two titles in the national championship in late 2011 and 2012 , the club became the eleventh to win their first title and the seventh and recent to win their second title in the country and their totals were third on the island behind Os Operários and Sundy . In 2013 , their regional totals became fourth as Porto Real won another title . At the regional level , they got their fourth regional title for 2016 which was also their second consecutive and along with three other clubs possessed the most regional titles , later they qualified to the 2016 National Championships which became the second straight Sporting challenge . Over there , the club lost the first leg and the second leg had a goal draw , thus by a goal total difference , lost the title to Sporting Praia Cruz . In late September 2017 , along with Porto Real 's and Sundy 's , their champ title totals became second behind Os Operários 's five title totals .
Their only national cup wins came in late 2012 where they defeated Desportivo de Guadalupe by one point . The club alongside a few others including GD Sundy and Santana FC was fifth , it was later shared with UDRA and Sporting Príncipe 's total is now sixth .
Their planned first cup win failed as 6 de Setembro defeated the club 2–1 in 2010 . In 2016 , they attempted to win another regional cup and share the totals with Sundy as first , it was thwarted as they lost 1–0 to Os Operários in November 2016 .
In the national championship titles , their total is fifth with two titles , shared with Caixão Grande and CD Guadalupe , since November 26 , 2017 , the titles are now shared with UDRA . In the regional cup , the club became the fourth they have a title in 2010 and its totals were fourth , they won their second title for 2012 and its totals became second for a season , later they were shared with GD Os Operários for one season after Sporting won their third and recent one in 2014 and its totals became second for a season until the same club shared it in 2016 .
Their first appearance in the CAF Champions League was in 2013 and they 've competed only in the Preliminaries and lost to Enugu Rangers .
Logo
Its logo is roughly the same but is colored aqua blue .
Uniform
Its uniform is identical to Sporting CP , but several are different from Sporting Lisbon 's .
Its uniform has a white-green striped t-shirt with green sleeves and the remainder black for home games , its away uniform has a yellow t-shirt with everything else blue for away or alternate games .
Former uniforms were a thin white-green striped shirt with black shorts with a white rim and green socks with a white stripe for home games , its away uniform was a grass green t-shirt and shorts with a white chevron in the shirt and white socks and its third uniform was a light grey-green t-shirt and a dark grass green shorts with a black chevron in the shirt . These three used up to 2013 Between 2013 and 2014 , its home uniform was a white-green t-shirt with white shorts and green socks for home games and a yellow t-shirt with green shorts and yellow socks for away games .
Honours
São Tomé and Príncipe Championship : 2
2011 , 2012
Taça Nacional de São Tomé e Príncipe : 1
2012
Príncipe League Island Championship : 4 :
2011 , 2012 , 2015 , 2016
Príncipe Regional Cup : 3
2009 , 2012 , 2014
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Champions League : 1 appearance
2013 – Preliminary Round
Enugu Rangers
Statistics
Best position : 1st ( national )
Best position at cup competitions : 1st ( national )
Appearances :
National Championships : 3
Regional Championships : 19
Appearances at a national cup competition : 3
Total goals scored at the national championships : 12
See also
Sporting Praia Cruz , another Sporting Club in the nation located in the island of São Tomé
References
Football clubs in São Tomé and Príncipe
Príncipe Island League
1915 establishments in São Tomé and Príncipe
René of Guise , Marquis d'Elbeuf ( 14 August 1536 – 14 December 1566 ) was the youngest son of Claude of Lorraine , Duke of Guise and Antoinette of Bourbon-Vendôme .
René was born at Joinville , Haute-Marne .
They served as French ambassador to Scotland , and accompanied their niece Mary , Queen of Scots on their entrance to that country in 1561 .
With Lord John , Lord Robert , and others , they performed in a tournament on the sands of Leith in December 1561 , probably to celebrate the queen 's birthday . There was `` running at the ring '' , with two teams of six men , one team dressed as women , the other as exotic foreigners in strange masquing garments . There was a similar tournament in 1594 at the baptism of Prince Henry at Stirling Castle .
According to the chronicle of Robert Lindsay of Pitscottie the Marquis was impressed by the variety of Scottish produce served at the banquets in February 1562 to celebrate the wedding of the queen 's half-brother , Lord James Stewart and Agnes Keith . The feasts included wild venison , poultry , and `` all other kind of delicate wild beasts '' .
Soon after the wedding the Marquis was involved in a disturbance in Edinburgh that started as a kind of masque in the town . They and the Earl of Bothwell and Lord John went to the house where Alison Craik , a merchant 's daughter and mistress of the Earl of Arran was lodged . When they were not admitted they broke down the doors . There were complaints to the queen and they issued a reprimand . Bothwell and Lord John ignored this and the next day there was a face-off between their followers and the Hamiltons in the marketplace .
They were a patron of the arts , particularly of the composer Pierre Clereau of Lorraine .
They died in 1566 .
Marriage and children
They married Louise de Rieux ( 1531 – ) on 3 February 1555 . They had two children :
Charles de Lorraine , Duc d'Elbeuf ( 1556–1605 )
Marie de Lorraine ( 21 August 1555 – c. 1605 ) , styled Mademoiselle d'Elbeuf , married at Joinville on 10 November 1576 Charles de Lorraine-Guise , Duc d'Aumale and had issue .
References
Rene of , Marquis of Elbeuf
Rene of , Marquis of Elbeuf
People from Haute-Marne
Marquesses of Elbeuf
16th-century French people
Ambassadors of France to Scotland
16th-century French diplomats
French people of Lorrainian descent
Connor Maguire may refer to :
Connor Maguire , 2nd Baron of Enniskillen , Irish nobleman
Connor Roe Maguire ( died 1625 ) , Irish Gaelic chief of Magherastephana , County Fermanagh
See also
Conor Maguire , Irish politician , lawyer and judge
Conor Maguire ( rugby union ) , Irish rugby union player
Operation Shah Euphrates ( ) was an operation by the Turkish military to relocate the tomb of Suleyman Shah in Syria conducted on 21/22 February 2015 . The tomb , which was positioned inside Turkey 's only foreign enclave , had been surrounded by self proclaimed Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) forces for over 4 months . Due to the presence of ISIS , the exclaves garrison was recently raised from eleven Turkish soldiers to thirty eight .
Operation
On the night of 21–22 February 2015 , a Turkish military convoy including 600 Turkish troops , tanks and other armored vehicles numbering about 100 entered Syria to evacuate the tomb 's 38 guards and relocate the remains . The operation was conducted through the border crossing of Kobani . According to Hasip Kaplan of the Peoples ' Democratic Party ( HDP ) , the Kurdish People 's Defense Units ( YPG ) shall have been supporting the rescue .
Reactions
Despite Interior Minister Efkan Ala was denying reports that the Turkish army had to flee from ISIS militants the party leaders of the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) and the Nationalist Movement Party ( MHP ) , Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu and Devlet Bahçeli both condemned the fact that Turkish soldiers retreated from the tomb . The retreat from an exclave from Turkish sovereign territory was seen as a defeat . The tomb complex was destroyed to prevent its use by ISIS .
New location
The tomb is now located in Turkish-controlled territory 200 meters inside Syria , 22 km ( 14 mi ) west of Kobani and 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) east of the Euphrates , less than 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) southeast of the Turkish village of Esmesi ( Esmeler or Esme or Eshme ) that is in southernmost Birecik District . Prime Minister of Turkey at the time , Ahmet Davutoğlu said that later a new tomb will be constructed in Syrian territory .
References
2015 in Syria
Birecik District
Shah Euphrates
Shah Euphrates
Shah Euphrates
2015 in Turkey
Syria–Turkey relations
Cross-border operations of Turkey into Syria
Harold Grant Pigott ( 20 August 1894 – 26 August 1979 ) was an Antiguan-born Anglican bishop who served as Bishop of the Windward Islands from 1962 until 1969 .
They were educated at the Codrington College , Barbados and ordained in 1918 . After a curacy at St Lucy , Barbados , they were Rector of Barrouallie and Calliaqua on St Vincent . After this they were Archdeacon of St Vincent and then Grenada before their appointment to the episcopate .
References
1894 births
Alumni of Codrington College
20th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
Anglican bishops of the Windward Islands
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
1979 deaths
Archdeacons of Grenada
Archdeacons of St Vincent
Deans of St George 's Cathedral , Kingstown
Mount Hofmann ( ) is a snow-covered mountain , high , between the mouths of Hamilton Glacier and Heilman Glacier in the northern part of the Queen Elizabeth Range , Antarctica . It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from tellurometer surveys and Navy air photos , 1960–62 , and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Walther F. Hofmann , a United States Antarctic Research Program glaciologist on the Ross Ice Shelf , 1962–63 .
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
The 1921 Washington and Lee Generals football team represented Washington and Lee University during the 1921 college football season . The Generals competed in the South Atlantic Intercollegiate Athletic Association ( SAIAA ) and were coached by W. C. Raftery in their fifth year as head coach , compiling a 6–3 record ( 2–0 SAIAA ) and claiming the SAIAA title . The team outscored its opponents 172 to 74 .
Schedule
References
Washington and Lee
Washington and Lee Generals football seasons
South Atlantic Intercollegiate Athletic Association football champion seasons
Washington and Lee Generals football
Angelika Szymańska ( born 16 October 1999 ) is a Polish judoka who competes in international judo competitions . They are a two-time Grand Slam bronze medalist , a European U23 champion and European Junior silver medalist . Szymańska began judo in 2007 and was trained by Olympic silver medalist Aneta Szczepańska and Roman Stawisiński .
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from Włocławek
Polish female judoka
Wayland Rural District was a rural district in Norfolk , England from 1894 to 1974 .
It was formed under the Local Government Act 1894 based on the Wayland rural sanitary district , taking its name from the ancient Wayland a hundred . It lay in the central southern part of the county .
In 1902 it took in the northern part of the disbanded Guiltcross Rural District , and in 1935 the eastern section of the disbanded Thetford Rural District ( much of which had also been transferred from Guiltcross RD ) .
In 1974 , the district was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972 , and became part of the Breckland district .
Statistics
Parishes
References
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Districts of England abolished by the Local Government Act 1972
Historical districts of Norfolk
Rural districts of England
Constance `` Connie '' Ledoux Book , Ph.D. is President of Elon University , a private university located in Elon , North Carolina . On October 9 , 2017 , the Elon Board of Trustees voted unanimously to elect Book as the ninth president of Elon . They became president on March 1 , 2018 . Prior to their appointment as President of Elon , Book served for two years as the first female Provost and Dean of Academic Affairs at The Citadel , The Military College of South Carolina .
Education
Book received their B.J . degree from Manship School of Journalism , Louisiana State University in 1986 . They received their M.Ed . in Education Administration and Supervision from Northwestern State University in 1989 . Book received their Ph.D. in 1993 from Grady College of Journalism at the University of Georgia . Them dissertation was titled `` Municipal Officials ' Attitudes toward Cable Television Regulation : A National Study . ''
Career
Book served as Assistant Professor of Communications at Georgia College & State University from 1993 to 1996 . They served as Visiting Professor of Communications at North Carolina State University in 1996-1997 and Assistant Professor of Communications at Meredith College from 1997 to 1999 . They began teaching at Elon University in 1999 and became Associate Provost at Elon in 2010 . They became Provost and Dean at The Citadel in 2015 and then was named President of Elon in 2018 .
Background
Book is the granddaughter of sharecroppers from Louisiana .
In the news
Under Book 's leadership in 2019 , Elon University was recognized as a top-100 National University and as second among national universities for best undergraduate teaching .
Book has been noted for their defense of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) policy .
Recognition
In 2009 , Book received the Outstanding Service and Leadership Award from the North Carolina Association of Broadcasters as well as Elon University 's Ward Family Excellence in Mentoring Award .
References
External links
Elon University Profile
Presidents of Elon University
Living people
People from Alamance County , North Carolina
Year of birth missing ( living people )
University of Georgia alumni
Northwestern State University alumni
Louisiana State University alumni
Mohammed Sillah ( born 8 February 1997 ) , known by their stage name Saint , is a Gambian recording artist , songwriter and producer currently residing in Sweden . In 2015 , they rose to fame in Sweden with the release of their debut single Chillin .
Early life
Mohammed Sillah was born in Serekunda , Gambia on February 8 , 1997 . As a teenage refugee they fled to Sweden during 2012 with only a backpack and the clothes on their back . Upon their arrival they applied for asylum in Sweden .
Between 2012 and 2015 , Saint was relocated to various refugee camps by the Swedish Migration Board . Their application for asylum in Sweden was initially denied , as well as several appeals for over a year leaving their stay in Sweden uncertain .
In early 2014 they were introduced to Swedish recording artist Rebstar through a mutual friend who worked at the refugee camp . Saint went on to eventually sign with Swedish record label Today Is Vintage . In March 2015 , they released Saint 's debut single Chillin to major acclaim and quickly rose to prominence in Sweden . In 2015 Saint was granted permanent residency in Sweden .
Saint is currently a third-year student at Rytmus Gymnasium in Malmö majoring in music production .
Career
In October 2014 Saint was featured on Rebstar 's hit single `` Safe Safe ( 040 Zlatan Remix ) '' to international acclaim Saint released their debut single Chillin on March 8 , 2015 , to major acclaim . A cover story in major publication Sydsvenskan quickly rose Saint to Swedish prominence . Chillin went on to be declared as one of Sweden 's best rap songs of 2015 by Swedish Radio P3 and was featured by Spotify in Sweden .
They shortly followed up with two song releases , Badman and lefunkyintro . The latter is said to be the first offering from their upcoming body of work The New Funky Dread .
In October 2015 Saint made their productional debut on Rebstar 's EP You Know Nothing About Love . In December 2015 , Saint was awarded a scholarship by Swedish performing rights society STIM for their production and songwriting .
Consequently , Saint 's upcoming debut album is said to be titled Asylum
On March 8 , 2016 , Noisey premiered a 10-track project by Saint titled The New Funky Dread , declaring it the best hip hop they 've heard in years .
Discography
Mixtapes
The New Funky Dread ( 2016 )
Singles
`` Chillin '' ( 2015 )
`` Badman '' ( 2015 )
`` LeFunkyIntro '' ( 2015 )
`` Holly '' feat . HB ( 2016 )
Production credits
Rebstar - Reputation ( 2015 )
Rebstar - All I Know ( 2015 )
Collaborations
“ Safe Safe Remix ” by Rebstar feat . Saint , Lilleman , Lazee & The C.I.T.Y . ( 2014 )
Notes
External links
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Record Label
1997 births
Living people
Gambian singers
Singers from Malmö
Gambian emigrants to Sweden
Michel Antoine Gaston Esteban ( born 7 May 1951 ) is a French record producer , record company executive , cultural center director and former magazine editor , who founded the Paris shop Harry Cover in 1973 , was influential in the early development of punk rock , and , together with Michael Zilkha , established the New York-based record label ZE Records in 1978 .
Life and career
Esteban was born in Paris . From 1968 , they studied graphic arts at L'École d'Arts Graphiques in the city , and in 1973 founded a shop in the Rue des Halles , Harry Cover , which specialised in rock merchandise , magazines and books as well as imported records from the US and UK . The basement was used as a rehearsal space by bands , particularly as the punk rock scene developed in the mid 1970s . In 1974 Esteban travelled around the US , returning to New York where they studied under Milton Glaser at the School of Visual Arts . They became a friend of Patti Smith , Robert Mapplethorpe , Richard Hell and Tom Verlaine of Television , and John Cale , and was a regular visitor to the CBGB music club .
Returning to Paris in 1975 , they founded the magazine Rock News , which began chronicling the emergence of the punk music scene in the US , UK and France , coming into contact with Lester Bangs , Richard and Lisa Robinson , and Danny Fields in the US , and Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood in England . Together with then-girlfriend Lizzy Mercier Descloux , they attended many of the early punk performances in England , and published Mercier Descloux 's first book of poems , Desiderata , as well as Patti Smith 's Witt and The Night . They helped promote the first punk rock concerts in France , with the Sex Pistols in September 1976 , and promoted the French band Stinky Toys in England .
In 1977 , Esteban shared their time between Paris and New York , forming Rebel Records and recording French band Marie & les Garçons . In New York , they worked with John Cale , who introduced them to British-born entrepreneur and writer Michael Zilkha . They set up Cale 's record label , SPY , before Esteban and Zilkha left to set up another label , ZE Records . At the time , Esteban was in a relationship with fashion editor Anna Wintour . Over the next four years , ZE became one of the most influential and fashionable record labels in the world , recording such artists as Kid Creole & the Coconuts , Was ( Not Was ) , Bill Laswell , Lydia Lunch , and Suicide , and bringing together aspects of punk rock , the art of the Lower East Side such as Jean-Michel Basquiat and Keith Haring , and the disco scene .
Esteban left New York after differences with Zilkha in 1982 . In 1983 they produced the album Paolino Parc by French new wave band Octobre . They also continued to work closely with Lizzy Mercier Descloux , visiting , recording and undertaking promotional work in Asia , Africa , and South America . They produced their successful single `` Mais où sont passées les gazelles ? `` , and the albums Lizzy Mercier Descloux ( 1984 ) and One For The Soul ( 1986 ) . In 1986 , they began working with the Portuguese-born Belgian singer Lio , producing their albums Pop Model ( 1986 ) and Cancan ( 1988 ) ; their daughter was born in 1987 but they separated in 1989 .
During the 1990s , Esteban retreated from the music business and studied esoteric disciplines including Theosophy and Sufism . Later in the decade they recorded musicians in Cuba . In 2003 they re-established ZE Records , based in Paris , which has reissued many of the label 's original recordings as well as new material , including Glasgow band Michael Dracula . They now live in Salvador da Bahia , Brazil , where they have a cultural arts center project including galleries and recording studios .
References
External links
Flux Magazine : `` Questions for Michel Esteban '' , 2009
ZE Records : official website
1951 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Paris
French record producers
Prosvjeta ( ; `` Enlightenment/Education '' ) or the Serbian Cultural-Educational Society `` Prosvjeta '' was a Bosnian Serb cultural and educational society in Austro-Hungarian Bosnia and Herzegovina and Yugoslavia . It was founded in Sarajevo in 1902 . It quickly became the most important organization gathering ethnic Serb citizens .
In 1909 the first and the only student 's house of Prosvjeta was opened in Mostar and Božidar Zečević was its first prefect .
In 1914 , the Austro-Hungarian regime had the organization banned and its leadership imprisoned due to `` anti-state '' actions .
Notable people
Petar Kočić
Aleksa Šantić
Jovan Dučić
Pero Slijepčević
Grigorije Petrov
Jovan Cvijić
See also
Gajret
Napredak ( 1904 )
References
Sources
Serb organizations
1902 establishments in Austria-Hungary
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Austro-Hungarian Serbs
Educational institutions established in 1902
Organizations disestablished in 1914
Cultural organizations based in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Ethnic organizations based in Austria-Hungary
Virginia 's 37th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Senate of Virginia . It has been represented by Democrat Dave Marsden since a hotly contested 2010 special election to replace Republican Ken Cuccinelli , who had been elected Attorney General of Virginia .
Geography
District 37 is a serpentine district located entirely within Fairfax County in the suburbs of Washington , D.C. , including some or all of Annandale , Kings Park , West Springfield , Burke , Fair Oaks , and Centreville , among other communities .
The district overlaps with Virginia 's 8th , 10th , and 11th congressional districts , and with the 35th , 37th , 38th , 39th , 40th , 41st , 42nd , 53rd , and 67th districts of the Virginia House of Delegates .
Recent election results
2019
2015
2011
Federal and statewide results in District 37
Historical results
All election results below took place prior to 2011 redistricting , and thus were under different district lines .
2010 special
2007
2003
2002 special
1999
1995
References
Virginia Senate districts
Government in Fairfax County , Virginia
The Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System , located in north Key Largo , less than south of Miami off SR 905 ( Card Sound Road ) . The 6,686 acre ( 27.1 km2 ) refuge ( located in Monroe County , Florida ) opened during the year of 1980 , under the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 and the Endangered Species Act of 1973 . It was established in order to protect critical breeding and nesting habitat for the threatened American crocodile and other wildlife . This area also includes of open water in and around the refuge . In addition to being one of only three breeding populations of the American crocodile , the refuge is home to tropical hardwood hammock , mangrove forest , and salt marsh . It is administered as part of the National Key Deer Refuge which is also located in the Florida Keys .
History
Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge was once entirely platted for residential development ; however , accumulated deposits of dredge-spoils on the bayside of North Key Largo became an important nesting area for some of the country 's remaining American crocodiles which have recovered in recent years from a low , in 1975 , of approximately 200 in population size . The American crocodile had nearly been extirpated by hunting for export of its hide as an exotic leather . The government took protective action and listed the US population due to this hunting and , also , due to loss of habitat in the area . Due to its recovery trend , on March 20 , 2007 , the federal government downlisted the American crocodile from endangered to threatened , though the capturing and hunting of the crocodile is still forbidden .
The crocodile is just one of several species of flora and fauna that occur in the refuge 's habitats . The Key Largo Woodrat , Key Largo Cotton Mouse , Schaus Swallowtail butterfly , Florida semaphore cactus are listed as endangered , and the Stock Island Tree Snail and Eastern Indigo Snake are listed as threatened . All six species retain a precarious foothold in North Key Largo . Due to the once almost unrestricted commercial and residential development of the Florida Keys , the size and number of fragmented tropical hardwood hammock habitat have been reduced . Along with the decline of their habitat , the populations of animals who reside in the habitat have also declined . Though the refuge office distributes brochures and information , and has a 2,500 square-foot butterfly garden beside the office , the refuge 's natural areas are closed to the public . This closure is necessary to protect the threatened and endangered listed species that occur on the Refuge .
Fauna
Key Largo Woodrat
The woodrat is a member of the Order Rodentia , and Family Cricetidae , subfamily Neotominae . Critecidae is one of the largest families of mammals , with 681 species in 130 genera and 6 subfamilies . The subfamilies of Cricetidae include : Arvicolinae ( lemmings , voles , and muskrat ) , Cricetinae ( hamsters ) , Lophiomyinae ( crested rat ) , Neotominae ( North American rats and mice ) , Sigmodontinae ( New World rats and mice ) , and Tylomyinae ( vesper rats and climbing rats ) ( Musser and Carleton , 2005 ) . In other words , the Key Largo woodrat , and its smaller cousin the Key Largo cotton mouse ( Peromyscus gossypinus allapaticola ) are in subfamily Neotominae , along with most native North American rats and mice , and are only distantly related to the `` true rats , '' including members of the genus Rattus , the most important of which to humans are the black rat , Rattus rattus , and the brown rat , Rattus norvegicus . Many members of other rodent genera and families are also referred to as rats , and share many characteristics with true rats.is considered more as a type of mouse due to its similar behavior and physical characteristics .
One of the favored habitats of the woodrat comes under the protection of the hardwood hammocks . These trees provide a critical home for this endangered animal ; however , the woodrats are finding it harder to live because of the decreasing size of their hammock habitat , and because of subsidized predation by free-roaming house cats . Local researchers have discovered that the desired habitat for these creatures also has something to do with a type of roof coverage . They tend to prefer nesting in areas underneath rock formations , hurricane-downed trees , and even overturned boats . Experts say a devastating hurricane would down thousands of trees yet , would increase the woodrat population . The main shelter characteristic of the woodrats are areas containing roofs . The roof provides a type of cover that is critical for protection against predators and heavy rainfall . According to local volunteer and photographer Clay DeGayner , the woodrats ' population has declined significantly over the past twenty years and at one point had dropped to numbers as low as 25 to 50 woodrats .
Captive breeding program for the Key Largo Woodrat
A captive breeding program was started to augment the endangered woodrat population and help it recover more quickly . The Key Largo Woodrat forages for food mostly at night and in tree tops . Though fallen fruit can easily found on the forest floor , that is also where the rat is most vulnerable to its predators . During the day , Key Largo woodrats shelter in crevices and fissures in the island 's limestone substrate , and under dense tangles of tree roots . The normal diet of the woodrats consists of green leaves , flowers , buds and fruit from the trees they reside in and under . Woodrats are seldom found near human habitation and , unlike introduced rat species that came to America from Europe and Asia , woodrats are not attracted to or known to consume garbage .
Though it had ended by 2010 , the main purpose of the breeding program was to enhance the wild population in order to mitigate the population decline . Divided into a couple of different stages , the first step was to trap woodrats and then to breed them in a controlled , captive environment . Offspring were then released into the refuge , but unfortunately fell victim to predators , primarily feral cats .
Non-native Predators
Burmese Python
Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge ( CLWR ) and Dagny Johnson Key Largo Hammock Botanical State Park ( KLH ) are separated by the County Road 905 right-of-way for approximately 10 miles . On April 13 , 2007 , two researchers were studying North Key Largo 's population of Key Largo woodrats , one of two federally endangered mammals found only in North Key Largo ( the other being the Key Largo cotton mouse ) . Graduate student / biologist Joanne Potts and their assistant , Wildlife Refuge volunteer Clay DeGayner , were working in KLH and tracking a telemetry signal transmitted by one of several radio collars they had placed on a small number of woodrats . The signal led them to a python weighing 12-pounds and measuring approximately seven feet in length ; the radio signal was coming from inside the python . A post-mortem examination revealed that the snake had very recently captured and eaten , not only the collared woodrat , but also a second ( uncollared ) woodrat . The python also turned out to be the first vouchered ( verified by a specimen or photograph ) occurrence of its species found wild in the Florida Keys . However , over the following year , another half-dozen pythons were found after they were killed by traffic on roads in the same area .
The appearance of numbers of Burmese pythons in North Key Largo was forewarning of a serious new threat to the survival , not just of the rare Key Largo Woodrat and Cotton Mouse , but also to another three federally endangered mammals found only in the Florida Keys : the Key Deer , Silver Rice Rat and Keys Marsh Rabbit are all found only in the Lower Florida Keys ( on Big Pine Key and a few other islands further down the archipelago ) . Though pythons and other constrictors ( especially boa constrictors ) do take other prey , most have special adaptations for detecting and capturing warm-blooded prey ( mammals and birds ) , even in total darkness . And the mammals and birds of south Florida and the Florida Keys have never been exposed to a predatory snake of this size , and may have a hard time adapting defensive strategies before their populations are wiped out . A study of python prey , in Everglades National Park shows an alarming decline among small mammal populations in the park .
“ There 's a good chance we never would have found him , ” said Scott Hardin , exotic-species coordinator for the state Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . “ This was always my concern , what would happen when an exotic species like the python intersects with an endangered species . Here it 's happened , and it has the potential to be a serious problem. ” Hardin later assumed the seven and a half foot snake was either an escaped or released pet by someone who realized the python `` [ had ] become a burden '' . Walter Meshaka , senior curator for the State Museum of Pennsylvania , stated that pythons are very good swimmers and , therefore , it seemed reasonable to assume it had swum from the Everglades into the Key Largo area refuge . From 2008 to 2013 , a USGS study focused on detection and removal of pythons on the refuge yielded very few snakes .
Feral and free-ranging cats
Feral and free-ranging cats have been identified as a major factor in the significant decline of the Key Largo woodrat and the Key Largo cotton mouse . Recent remote camera work has identified cats throughout the refuge and KLH , with some perched on top of nest structures . Cats have been returned that are 8 miles from their owner 's homes . Cats are captured by staff and volunteers and turned over to the local animal shelter . The owners of cats that continually trespass may be subject to fines .
Flora
Tropical Hardwood Hammock
During the Cold War , a missile facility was built on the grounds where the refuge now lies . The base , constructed in an area which habituated the hammock , built numerous buildings and launch-pads to aid in war efforts . By the year 2000 , the refuge had started plans for a project to remove unnecessary buildings and asphalt pavement from areas that had once been hardwood hammock . The refuge hopes this task will restore more than to the area . One of the primary natural values of hammocks is that they `` provide critical habitats for five federally endangered species . '' These species , mentioned in the first section of the article , have decreased in population due to the removal of hammock over the past few decades . The refuge , therefore , has attempted to restore hammock habitat wherever it can . Hardwood hammocks consist of mostly West Indian hardwood species that occur ( in the mainland United States ) only in southernmost Florida , though some also remain on Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands . Most of South Florida 's hardwood hammock habitat was lost to urban and suburban development .
Keystone Pit restoration project
There is a 2.16 acre ( 8,740 m2 ) hole ( officially known as the `` Keystone Pit '' ) in the refuge , which manager Steven Klett has wanted to fill in order to revitalize the hammock habitat . The pit was dug 30 to 40 years ago in order to obtain fossilized coral to build and decorate fireplaces and other types of architecture ( much of the limestone rock was mined as well ) . According to an article published by McClatchy-Tribune Business News , `` ever-growing piles of muck from widening U.S. 1 north of Key Largo could be used to fill in a gaping hole in the Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge '' . The muck from the construction of the highway will most likely be used to help fill in the hole on the refuge . The main purpose of re-filling the hole is to populate the hardwood hammock by planting native vegetation in the area . The material referred to as 'muck ' contains organic substances which will enhance the vegetation growth . Scientists in the area have claimed the substance to contain no damaging chemicals that would possibly harm animals or rather , the ecosystem . Originally , US Highway 1 had evacuated the muck in order to improve road conditions near the refuge . `` I feel very good about possibly being able to solve our problem and the [ Department of Transportation ] problem , '' Klett said in an interview . The Department of Transportation was required to move the muck in an effort to clean up the area ; however , staff at the refuge decided to ask for permission to use the muck ( layering 36 inches ) for gaping the hole .
Gallery
See also
American Crocodile
Monroe County , Florida
National Key Deer Refuge
National Key Deer Sanctuary
National Park Service
National Wildlife Refuge
References
External links
Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge
Downlistment
Environmental Protection Agency ~ Crocodile Lake NWR Statistics
FAVOR Florida Keys
National Wildlife Refuges in Monroe County , Florida
Florida Keys
Protected areas established in 1980
Wetlands of Florida
Landforms of Monroe County , Florida
1980 establishments in Florida
A Trip to Calais is a comedy play by the British playwright Samuel Foote . It was first published in 1778 , along with the censored version entitled The Capuchin , which was first performed in 1776 . In the original , Jenny Minnikin and Dick Drugget elope to France , followed closely by the Minnikin parents , Jenny 's suitor Codling , and their aunt Mrs. Clack . To escape the family , Jenny temporarily enters a nunnery . Later , they meet Lady Kitty Crocodile , who encourages Jenny to be bigamous . Lady Kitty 's servant Miss Lydell marries their worthy lover Colonel Crosby .
Plot summary
The following is a summary of the plot of A Trip to Calais .
Act One
Dick Drugget and Jenny Minnikin are eloping in France ( parody of Richard Brinsley Sheridan and Elizabeth Linley ) . They must find a priest to marry them , and ask Tromfort , the French innkeeper , where one might be found . We learn that Jenny 's father is a London pin-maker , and that they intend to choose their husband , while Dick is their assistant . Jenny once ran off with their dancing-master . Tromfort recommends a doctor to marry them , but they are absent . A boat arrives from Dover , and Dick departs to see if it is Jenny 's father . Tromfort flirts with Jenny . The family has arrived ; to prevent the lovers ' separation , Tromfort will place Jenny in a Catholic convent , while Dick will wait in Boulogne or Dunkirk . Jenny departs with La Jeunesse , Tromfort 's wife . Jenny 's father 's preferred suitor , Kit Codling , arrives with Jenny 's parents and Jenny 's aunt Mrs Clack , a social-climbing mantua-maker . The family comments on French gentility . Two neighbours from London , Mr. Gingham and Luke Lapelle , enter , and they discuss their experiences in France . In order to be fashionable , Luke travels with their wife , but calls them their mistress .
Act Two
The Minnikins and Mrs. Clack are astounded by Jenny 's sudden ambition to become a nun . Codling tries to speak with her , but is rebuffed by the nuns . Father O'Donnovan , an Irish capuchin in the town , seems sympathetic initially , but refuses to remove Jenny from the convent until the Minnikins bribe him . O'Donnovan tells stories to the gullible Minnikins of Englishmen who have evaded the law and have come to France . The most infamous is the Lady Kitty Crocodile , who has come to France after their husband 's death . O'Donnovan leaves . Jenny and the Abbess debate the former 's taking the veil : Jenny wishes to return to the world , but the Abbess urges them to accept Christ as their spouse . Upon realizing that Jenny will bring no fortune to the convent , however , the Abbess quickly abandons their argument . Mr. and Mrs. Minnikin ( and Codling , hidden ) come to the Abbey 's gate to speak with Jenny . The Abbess counsels Jenny to pretend that they are waiting for divine revelation before they can make a decision about whether to stay in the convent . The Abbess tells Jenny 's parents that Jenny has chosen to marry St. Francis . Believing St. Francis is a real suitor , and furious at Jenny 's treachery , Mr. and Mrs. Minnikin depart , calling the Abbess a bawd . The Minnikins depart to visit Lady Crocodile . Miss Lydell and Miss Hetty are in deep debate at Kitty Crocodile 's . Lady Crocodile enters , and dismisses Hetty in a fit of rage . They accuse Miss Lydell , a maid in waiting , of flirting with many foreign acquaintances . Colonel Crosby enters , and finds Miss Lydell in tears . Hetty announces the Minnikin 's and Mrs. Clack 's arrival .
Act Three
Hetty and Colonel Crosby talk ; Crosby is in love with Miss Lydell . Mrs. Clack , formerly Lady Crocodile 's mantua-maker , arrives to find this august lady in the deepest mourning . They discuss Sir John , Lady Crocodile 's deceased husband , and they faint when Mrs. Clack suggests taking another husband . When Lady Crocodile has been revived , Mrs. Clack asks for their help in removing Jenny from the convent ; Lady Crocodile claims their hands are tied because of their personal friendship with the Pope . After they exit the room , Colonel Crosby emerges from a hiding place , calling Lady Crocodile an “ Ephesian Matron ” , and expressing their intentions to pursue Miss Lydell to their friend Hetty . Jenny arrives at their parents ' apartment , surrounded by guards . Lady Crocodile arrives , but Minnikin 's account of the story is consistently interrupted by Luke Lapelle . Lady Crocodile speaks to Jenny alone ; the latter confesses that the convent is just part of the plot to avoid marriage to Codling . Lady Kitty recommends marrying both Dick Drugget and Kit Codling . Jenny is excited by the prospect . Colonel Crosby and Miss Lydell appear and announce their intentions to return to England . Hetty has the last word : Jenny and Lady Crocodile are well matched , and Miss Lydell need to feel no regret on leaving Jenny entrapped by the “ galling yoke of a capricious and whimsical tyrant ! ”
Differences between A Trip to Calais and The Capuchin
Several characters that do n't exist in the original replace others in the later version , including Dr. Viper , a Protestant priest working for Lady Deborah Dripping , and a villainous co-conspirator to O'Donnovan , as well as Sir Harry Hemper , and Peter Packthread , who replace Mr. Gingham and Luke Lapelle from the original . As the title suggests , Father O'Donnovan also features more heavily in the later version , while Lady Kitty Crocodile is removed entirely .
Act Three
The third act of The Capuchin was a complete overhaul of the original third act of A Trip to Calais .
References
1778 plays
Plays by Samuel Foote
The Soho Square Ladies Tournament was a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor hardcourts . The event was classified as a $ 100,000 ITF Women 's Circuit tournament and was held in Sharm El Sheikh , Egypt . In 2013 , the event was classified as a $ 75,000+H event and held on clay courts .
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
External links
ITF search
ITF Women 's World Tennis Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments
Clay court tennis tournaments
Tennis tournaments in Egypt
Recurring sporting events established in 2013
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2016
Defunct sports competitions in Egypt
Ralph Edelhäußer ( born 22 March 1973 ) is a German politician for the CSU and since 2021 member of the Bundestag , the federal diet .
Life and politics
Edelhäußer was born in 1973 in the West German town of Roth and was elected directly to the Bundestag in 2021 .
References
Living people
1973 births
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Christian Social Union in Bavaria politicians
Anita Fordjour ( born 1981/82 ) is a Ghanaian athlete , who has competed in wheelchair racing . They came third in the 1500 metres T54 event at the 2010 Commonwealth Games , and has won multiple medals at the All-Africa Games .
Personal life
Fordjour is from Kumasi , Ghana . They have two children . At the age of six , Fordjour contracted polio , and lost movement in their legs .
Career
At the age of 20 , Fordjour took up wheelchair basketball , before switching to wheelchair racing . In 2003 , Fordjour won the 800 metres event at the Ghana-Nigeria Friendly Games for the Physically Challenged in Kumasi . They finished second in the 200 metres and 1500 metres event . At the 2007 All-Africa Games in Algiers , Algeria , Fordjour came second in the 1,500 metres race , and third in the 200 metres race . In 2008 , Fordjour won the 400 metres race at the Athletics competition for the Physically Challenged at the Baba Yara Stadium in Kumasi .
Fordjour competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Games , where they finished third in the 1500 metres T54 event , in a time of 4:18.83 . Fordjour won a bronze medal in the 1,500 metres event at the 2011 All-Africa Games . Fordjour competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the 100 metres T53 and 200 metres T53 events . They were one of four Ghanaians at the Games , the most athletes Ghana had ever sent to a Paralympic Games at the time . Fordjour finished seventh in both the 100 metres T53 and 200 metres T53 events . At the 2014 Commonwealth Games , Fordjour finished eighth in the 1500 metres T54 event , in a personal best time of 4:11.29 .
Awards
In 2010 , Fordjour was named Ghana Female Athlete of the Year by the Sport Writers Association of Ghana .
References
Living people
Paralympic athletes of Ghana
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Year of birth uncertain
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Ghana
Sportspeople from Kumasi
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
African Games silver medalists for Ghana
African Games bronze medalists for Ghana
African Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2011 All-Africa Games
Botricello ( Calabrian : ) is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro , in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Silver Star Provincial Park is a Class C provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located northeast of the city of Vernon in the Shuswap Highland of the Monashee Mountains .
See also
Silver Star Mountain Resort
References
External links
Provincial parks in the Okanagan
Monashee Mountains
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1940
1940 establishments in British Columbia
Ruricius Pompeianus ( died 312 in Verona ) was Praetorian prefect and Commander of cavalry and infantry under Maxentius , Western Roman Emperor . While guarding the Adige and Po Rivers with the ample and well-directed forces of the province of Venetia , Pompeianus was killed by Constantine I 's troops during the desperately fought Battle of Verona ( 312 ) .
Pompeianus is mentioned only briefly in two accounts of Constantine 's campaign against Maxentius . In a panegyric from the year 313 , they are called `` Pompeianus '' . In the second source , also one of the Panegyrici Latini , by Nazarius , their name is given as `` Ruricius '' . As it is clearly the same person , the conflict is usually resolved by combining the names into `` Ruricius Pompeianus '' .
See also
Siege of Segusio
References
Barnes , Timothy D. Constantine and Eusebius . Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press , 1981 . ( p. 42 )
Jones , A. H. M. Constantine and the Conversion of Europe . Buffalo : University of Toronto Press , 1978 [ 1948 ] . ( p. 71 )
Odahl , Charles Matson . Constantine and the Christian Empire . New York : Routledge , 2004 . ( pp . 103–4 ) Hardcover Paperback
312 deaths
Ruricius
Ancient Roman generals
4th-century Romans
History of Verona
Roman generals killed in action
Praetorian prefects
Year of birth unknown
Highland Beach is an unincorporated community located in the town of Harrison , Calumet County , Wisconsin , United States . Highland Beach is located on the northeast shore of Lake Winnebago west-northwest of Sherwood .
References
Unincorporated communities in Calumet County , Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Platinum & Gold Collection , released in 2004 , is the second greatest hits compilation by Toni Braxton , following Ultimate Toni Braxton released in 2003 . It is a budget CD with fewer songs than Ultimate , but it has the remix versions of some songs . Although the album was not given a proper release in the United States and is considered an international release , it has sold 281,518 copies in the US as of February 2012 .
Background and content
After failing to spawn any substantial hits of their last two albums , `` Snowflakes '' ( 2001 ) and `` More Than a Woman '' ( 2002 ) , Braxton released their first compilation album , `` Ultimate Toni Braxton '' , in 2003 . Later , in 2004 , BMG Heritage Records released their second greatest hits compilation , titled Platinum & Gold compilation . The collection includes 12 tracks , such as their hits `` He Was n't Man Enough '' , `` Another Sad Love Song , '' `` Breathe Again , '' `` You Mean the World to Me , '' `` Un-Break My Heart , '' but not `` You 're Makin ' Me High '' . The album also features the non-single `` A Better Man '' , taken from `` More Than a Woman '' .
Critical reception
Jason Birchmeier of AllMusic wrote , `` Platinum & Gold Collection rounds up and remasters most of substantial hits from Braxton 's past , in the process showcasing just how many great songs she 'd recorded back in the mid-'90s , when they were among the biggest of big stars . However , they did n't like the inclusion of A Better Man and Hit the Freeway , writing that , `` these songs are good , but they 're not great , especially relative to songs like , say , 'You 're Makin ' Me High , ' one of Braxton 's best and one that 's unfortunately missing here ( a very glaring omission ) . So while Braxton 's Platinum & Gold Collection is a nice compilation -- one that includes many of their most memorable hits and does so in first-rate fashion , in terms of remastering as well as packaging -- it 's a compilation that is sure to leave you unsatisfied . You 'd be better off spending the extra money to pick up a more definitive collection like the 18-track 'Ultimate Toni Braxton ' from 2003 than this 50-minute budget-line CD . ''
Track listing
Charts
`` Platinum & Gold Collection '' peaked at number 78 on the Billboard 's Top R & B Albums chart , spending 5 weeks on the chart , selling over 281,518 copies in the US as of February 2012 .
References
2004 greatest hits albums
Toni Braxton compilation albums
Panindícuaro is one of the 113 municipalities of Michoacán , in central Mexico . The municipal seat lies at the town of the same name .
References
Municipalities of Michoacán
Northern Tasmanian , or Tommeginne ( Tommeeginnee ) , is an aboriginal language of Tasmania in the reconstruction of Claire Bowern .
Northern Tasmanian is attested from word lists collected on Flinders Island by Joseph Milligan and published in 1857 & 1859 . One , labeled `` northwest tribes '' , contains 268 words ; the other , labeled `` western tribes '' , contains 369 .
References
Northern Tasmanian languages
Languages extinct in the 19th century
The Ronoake Baptist Church is a historic church in rural Clark County , Arkansas . The church is located at the end of Ronoake Church Road , off United States Route 67 north of Gurdon . The single-story wood-frame church was built in 1945 to serve an African-American congregation founded in 1893 , and is an excellent example of Craftsman architecture . It has a low-pitch gable roof with broad eaves , with exposed rafter tails , kingpost supports , and banks of windows characteristic of the style . The church 's fellowship hall dates to roughly the same period , and has similar styling .
The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clark County , Arkansas
References
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Clark County , Arkansas
Baptist churches in Arkansas
Churches completed in 1945
National Register of Historic Places in Clark County , Arkansas
In mathematics , specifically in category theory and algebraic topology , the Baez–Dolan stabilization hypothesis , proposed in , states that suspension of a weak n-category has no more essential effect after n + 2 times . Precisely , it states that the suspension functor is an equivalence for .
References
Sources
External links
https : //ncatlab.org/nlab/show/stabilization+hypothesis
Algebraic topology
Higher category theory
American Campus Communities ( ACC ) , Inc. is the largest developer , owner and manager of student housing communities in the United States . It is headquartered in Bee Cave , Texas , with an Austin postal address .
Co-founded in 1993 by CEO Bill Bayless , the company works with universities to develop , manage and finance on-campus communities . As of March 31 , 2021 , the company owned 166 student housing properties with approximately 111,900 beds , including its owned and third-party managed properties . ACC 's total managed portfolio consists of 207 properties with approximately 142,400 beds .
History
From 1993 to 2003 , the company partnered with SUNY system , the University of California System , and the Texas A & M University System to develop and manage student housing .
In 1996 , Prairie View A & M University became the company 's first university partner with the development of on campus , University Village . ACC developed housing for more than 2,000 students over the next two years .
In 1997 , Bayless bought out their partners and in 1999 , ACC developed its first off-campus residence , the Callaway House College Station at Texas A & M University for first‑year students .
In 2004 , ACC became a public company via an initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange , becoming the first publicly traded student housing company in the United States .
In 2005 , the company worked with Arizona State University ( ASU ) on the Vista del Sol community , to pioneer the American Campus Equity program , an ownership model for on-campus student housing . With ACE , ACC brings equity to a project and serves as the university 's financial , development and operating partner . In 2008 , the company acquired the student housing division of GMH Communities Trust in a $ 1.4 billion transaction , doubling the size of the company .
In 2011 , the company received $ 132 million contract to build a 1,008-bed student housing complex at Northern Illinois University . In 2013 , ACC entered the Ivy League with Princeton 's Merwick Stanworth faculty and staff housing community was its first project at an Ivy League university . It later expanded its partnership to develop and manage Princeton graduate student housing .
ASU 's Manzanita Hall , became ACC 's first redevelopment , reconfiguring the dilapidated 1960s high rise into a modern layout that promotes academic performance , collaboration and community . In 2016 , ACC broke ground on its 100th development , U Club Sunnyside at WVU , CEO Bill Bayless ' alma mater . In 2017 , ASU opened the Tooker House , the largest engineering residential college . This marked the sixth phase of the ASU partnership and 33rd LEED certified building .
In 2018 , ACC began construction on an approximately $ 615 million residential community for participants of the Disney College program , now known as Disney Internships & Programs , through an American Campus Equity translation . In 2019 , American Campus Communities joined Northeastern University and the city of Boston to open the 20-story residential tower , LightView , as part of the “ Housing A Changing City : Boston 2030 ” initiative to improve the quality and quantity of housing for students attending Boston institutions of higher education .
In 2020 , ACC collaborated with RB , the makers of Lysol , to set a formalized approach to cleanliness and disinfection at its student housing communities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic .
On April 19 , 2022 , ACC announced that it was acquired by The Blackstone Group for $ 12.8 billion and would be going private . Shareholders will be paid $ 65.47 cash per share .
Major milestones
First publicly traded campus dorm REIT
Pioneered on-campus equity transaction structure ( ACE )
Achieved Investment Grade Rating from Moody 's and Standard & Poor 's
CEO Bill Bayless was the Regional Winner of the Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year award , and was subsequently named as a National Finalist ( 2007 )
National Association of Home Builders ( 2013 ) Development Firm of the Year
Forbes “ America 's 100 Most Trustworthy ” companies list ( 2012 & 2013 )
In 2015 , CEO Bill Bayless was featured by Commercial Property Executive as one of commercial real estate 's Most Innovative Executives
Texas Monthly magazine named American Campus Communities one of the “ Best Companies to Work For ” on three separate occasions
Student Housing Business 5 INNOVATOR Awards ( 2016 )
Student Housing Business 8 INNOVATOR Awards ( 2015 )
Texan by Nature 20 ( TxN20 ) Honoree , an official ranking of the Top 20 Texas-based companies leading conservation and sustainability in 2019 and 2020
National Association of Home Builders Pillars of the Industry Award : Best in Green Market Rate Multifamily Community for Plaza Verde at University of California , Irvine in 2019
Great Place to Work Certification based on employees ' feedback on the Trust Index™ Survey administered by Great Place to Work for 2020
Globe St. CRE Best Bosses Awarded to CEO Bill Bayless in 2020
Partnerships
American Campus Communities and the mental health non profit , Hi , How Are You Projecting , aim to tackle issues of mental health among U.S. college students through a residence life training and awareness program at more than 70 universities across the country .
References
External links
1993 establishments in Texas
Financial services companies established in 1993
Real estate companies established in 1993
American companies established in 1993
Companies based in Texas
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Real estate investment trusts of the United States
University and college dormitories in the United States
Announced mergers and acquisitions
Ypsolopha delicatella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae . It is known from the United States , including Arizona and California .
The wingspan is about 17 mm .
The labial palpi are white , the second joint sprinkled with a few black scales on the outside and the terminal joint with a small black spot at the base . The tuft on the second joint is compressed , pointed and longer than the terminal joint . The head and thorax are white . The dorsal half of the forewings from base to tornus is dark reddish-brown , with strong purple reflections , but lighter and more yellowish on the dorsal edge , gradually becoming darker and more purple towards the middle of the wing . Bordering this dorsal part , the edge of which is sharply defined as a straight central line , is a longitudinal pure white streak . Above this the costal part of the wing is bright golden yellow . The costal yellow part is produced somewhat farther out in the apical part of the wing than is the darker dorsal color , which stops abruptly at the tornus . The apical part of the wing is white , delicately mottled with black , each scale having a thin curved black edge . The hindwings are light silvery ochreous , but slightly darker , fuscous towards apex . The legs are white , the anterior two pairs mottled with black .
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
The Brandåa Hydroelectric Power Station ( ) is a hydroelectric power station in the municipality of Rindal in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway . It is a run-of-river hydro power station utilizing a drop of in some tributaries of the Surna River . Permission was granted for construction in 2006 and the plant came into operation in 2009 . It is operated by Svorka Produksjon AS . It operates at an installed capacity of , with an average annual production of about 15.8 GWh .
See also
References
Hydroelectric power stations in Norway
Rindal
Energy infrastructure completed in 2009
The 32nd Indian Armoured Division was an armoured division of the Indian Army during World War II . It was formed in April 1941 as the 2nd Armoured Division and renamed the 32nd in December . It never saw any combat and was broken up to form the 44th Armoured Division in February 1943 .
Formation
254th Indian Tank Brigade
7th Light Cavalry
25th Dragoons
46th Cavalry
255th Indian Tank Brigade
26th Hussars
45th Cavalry
4/4th Bombay Grenadiers
158th Regiment RAC
159th Regiment RAC
5th King Edward 's Own Probyn 's Horse
9th Royal Deccan Horse
116th Regiment RAC
19th King George 's Own Lancers
73rd Indian Infantry Brigade
The brigade was formed in July 1942 , at Poona in India . The brigade was supposed to be the Infantry brigade component of the 32nd Indian Armoured Division , but was disbanded in April 1943 , when the armoured division was disbanded .
14/15th Punjab Regiment
15/7th Rajput Regiment
15/10th Baluch Regiment
Divisional troops
7th Anti Tank Regiment , Indian Artillery
123rd Field Regiment , Royal Artillery
33rd Field Squadron , Indian Engineers ( IE )
36th Field Squadron , IE
40th Field Park Squadron , IE
References
Indian World War II divisions
British Indian Army divisions
Military units and formations established in 1941
Military units and formations of the British Empire in World War II
Blonde from Brooklyn is a 1945 American musical comedy film directed by Del Lord and starring Bob Haymes , Lynn Merrick , Thurston Hall , and Mary Treen . The film was released by Columbia Pictures on June 21 , 1945 .
Plot
Returning soldier Dixon Harper meets cute with promising radio singer Susan Parker . Susan is mistaken for a heiress to a southern plantation by blustery colonel Farnsworth and they ignore wise cracking friend Diane to see the ruse through .
Cast
Bob Haymes as Dixon Harper ( as Robert Stanton )
Lynn Merrick as Susan Parker aka Susanna Bellwithers
Thurston Hall as 'Colonel ' Hubert Farnsworth
Mary Treen as Diane Peabody
Eddie Bartell as Ricky Lester ( uncredited )
Hugh Beaumont as Lieutenant ( uncredited )
Carlyle Blackwell Jr. as Serviceman ( uncredited )
Chester Clute as Mr. Weams ( uncredited )
Dick Curtis as Soldier ( uncredited )
Myrtle Ferguson as Miss Quackenfish ( uncredited )
Byron Foulger as Harvey ( uncredited )
Chuck Hamilton as Reporter ( uncredited )
Tom Hanlon as Announcer ( uncredited )
Hugh Hooker as Serviceman ( uncredited )
Marilyn Johnson as WAC ( uncredited )
John Kelly as Bartender ( uncredited )
Arthur Loft as Daniel Frazier ( uncredited )
Anne Loos as Secretary ( uncredited )
Robert Love as Serviceman ( uncredited )
Alphonse Martell as Maitre 'd ( uncredited )
William Newell as Waiter ( uncredited )
Leighton Noble as Leighton Noble , Orchestra Leader ( uncredited )
Joe Palma as Reporter ( uncredited )
Bert Roach as Drunk ( uncredited )
Wally Rose as Serviceman ( uncredited )
Walter Soderling as W. Wilson Wilbur ( uncredited )
Brick Sullivan as Reporter ( uncredited )
LeRoy Taylor as Sailor ( uncredited )
Gwen Verdon as Girl in Nightclub ( uncredited )
Regina Wallace as Mrs. Frazier ( uncredited )
Matt Willis as Curtis Rossmore ( uncredited )
Dick Winslow as Orchestra Leader ( uncredited )
References
External links
1945 musical comedy films
American musical comedy films
1945 films
Columbia Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Del Lord
1940s American films
William Wallace Cluff ( March 8 , 1832 – August 21 , 1915 ) was an American Latter-day Saint missionary and leader in the 19th century , and a member of the Utah Territorial Legislature .
Biography
Cluff was born in Willoughby , Lake County , Ohio . Their parents David Cluff ( Clough ) and Elizabeth ( Betsey ) Hall joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints when Cluff was about one . In 1837 , they moved west , intending to go to Missouri , but were delayed by illness and stopped in Springfield , Illinois . In 1840 , they moved to Nauvoo to be with the body of the Church and then moved west in 1846 .
They arrived in Utah in 1850 in a company led by Edward Hunter ( Latter-day Saint ) , and in 1853 , they served in the Nauvoo Legion during the Walker War . From 1854 to 1857 , Cluff served as a missionary in Hawaii . In the fall of 1857 , Cluff left the mission and went to California . There , they were involved in working with lumber mills and met Ann Whipple , whose father , Eli Whipple , ran a lumber mill . Cluff and Ann Whipple married . Them father , also a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , organized a company of nineteen missionaries returning from their fields of labor as well as a few member families and started out from Redwood City , California for Utah . On reaching Utah , Cluff returned to their home in Provo but was soon sent to Salt Lake City , where they were stationed in the Beehive House—along with John T. Caine , Horace K. Whitney , and James Ferguson—with orders to watch Johnston 's Army as it moved through the city and to burn the place if there were indications the peace plan was not being followed . Cluff then enrolled in the Salt Lake Academy , co-taught by Orson Pratt and James T. Cobb , until they were called on a new mission .
From 1860 to 1863 , they served another mission , this time in Denmark , Sweden , and Norway . On October 24 , 1863 , they married Ann Whipple in Pine Valley , Washington County , Utah .
In 1864 , Cluff went to Sandwich Islands ( Hawaii ) with Lorenzo Snow , Joseph F. Smith , Ezra T. Benson , and Alma T. Smith to respond to messages from Solomona and other local elders that Walter M. Gibson , who had been sent by Brigham Young on a mission to Asia and the Pacific islands , was committing irregularities such as selling the priesthood and establishing a new quorum of apostles . Upon approaching the shore , their boat was capsized , and Lorenzo Snow went under the water . Cluff found and dragged Snow 's body to shore and gave them resuscitation after working with them for several minutes . The companions thought that Apostle Snow had died , but Cluff said , “ No , the Lord would not allow them to die being so far away from home , ” and Cluff continued blowing air into Snow 's lungs until they rouse from the ground . Cluff and the others were able to reestablish regular order in the Church while in Hawaii . Shortly after this , Cluff was the main force in locating Laie , Hawaii , to be the new gathering place for the Saints in Hawaii . They received a vision while in Laie , confirming it as the right place to set up a settlement .
In 1865 , Cluff was called as regional presiding bishop over Morgan County , Utah , Summit County , Utah , and Wasatch County , Utah . From that point on , except for a mission in 1870-1871 to Scandinavia , Cluff resided in Coalville , Utah . During their 1870-1871 mission , they served as president of the Scandinavian Mission . They served in two Utah Constitutional conventions during the 1870s and 1880s ( both of which ended up being without effect since Utah was denied statehood ) and also six terms in the Utah Territorial Legislature .
From 1877 to 1901 , Cluff served as president of the Summitt Stake , which included all of Summit County , Utah .
Cluff was elected to the Utah Territorial House of Representatives in 1865 for the district including Summit County , Utah . They served there until 1870 . After being replaced by Orrin S. Lee for one term , they were again in the territorial house for the 1874 term . In the next election in 1876 , Cluff was elected to the upper house of the state legislature , known as the Council . They were one of four councilors elected jointly from Salt Lake , Tooelle , and Summit counties . The other three were Wilford Woodruff , Robert T. Burton , and John T. Caine . In 1882 , council districts were redrawn , and Summit was put with Wasatch County ( centered on Heber City ) , Uintah County , Utah ( the main city in this county is Vernal , Utah ) and Morgan County . Cluff was elected as the councilor from this new district . In 1884 , Cluff was also made the president of the council . This was Cluff 's last term in the territorial legislature . They were succeeded by Samuel Francis .
William W. Cluff died at their home in Salt Lake City on August 21 , 1915 .
Family
References
External links
1832 births
1915 deaths
19th-century American politicians
American Mormon missionaries in Denmark
American Mormon missionaries in Norway
American Mormon missionaries in Sweden
American expatriates in the Hawaiian Kingdom
American leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Latter Day Saints from Illinois
Latter Day Saints from Ohio
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Members of the Utah Territorial Legislature
Mission presidents ( LDS Church )
Mormon missionaries in Hawaii
Mormon pioneers
People from Coalville , Utah
People from Willoughby , Ohio
Glyne Piggott is an Emeritus Professor of Linguistics at McGill University in Montreal , Canada . During their four decades at McGill , they served terms as Associate Dean of the Faculty of Arts , as well as Director of Undergraduate Studies , Graduate Program Director , and Chair of the Department of Linguistics . They were the Vice-President and President-Elect of the Canadian Linguistic Association from 2002 to 2003 .
To commemorate their retirement in 2010 , a conference entitled `` Phonology in the 21st Century : In Honour of Glyne Piggott '' was hosted by McGill University .
Contribution to linguistics
A celebrated scholar in the fields of Phonology and Morphology , Piggott completed their graduate studies at the University of Toronto with a focus on Amerindian languages , particularly Ojibwa . Their research on Ojibwa phonology has been instrumental to the analysis of nasal vowels in that language . Further research on syllabification and stress assignment has established a dichotomy between languages whose syllabification relies on the use of codas and those whose right-edge constituents are best analyzed as the onsets of empty-headed syllables .
Piggott has been on the editorial board of journals such as The Linguistic Review , member of the advisory board for numerous conferences including the Manchester Phonology Meeting , and an evaluator on departmental review committees , such as for the Linguistics Department of Memorial University in Newfoundland .
Educational outreach
Born and educated in Barbados , Glyne Piggott has been an outspoken supporter of universal education in the Caribbean . Their contribution to scholarship , education , and the Barbadian community was celebrated at the 30th anniversary ceremony of the Modernite Association of Toronto in 2014 . They are a Special Advisor for the Superkutz Scholarship Foundation , a not-for-profit organization providing scholarships for Montreal youth who lack the funds to pursue higher education , and a member of the Board of Directors and Scholarship Selection Committee for the Quebec Black Medical Association .
References
Bibliography
Piggott , Glyne . 2000 . Against featural alignment . Journal of Linguistics 36.1 : 85-129 .
Piggott , Glyne . 1999 . At the right edge of words . The Linguistic Review 16.2 : 143-185 .
Kessler , Martine and Glyne Piggott . 1999 . Prosodic features of familial language impairment : constraints on stress assignment . Folia Phoniatrica et Logopaedica 51 : 55-69 .
Piggott , Glyne . 1998 . Foot form and the parsing of weightless syllables . In M. Gruber , D. Higgins , K. Olson and T. Wysocki , eds. , Papers from the 34th Regional Meeting of the Chicago Linguistic Society ( CLS 34 , Main Session ) ,315-332 . Chicago : Chicago Linguistics Society .
Humbert , Helga and Glyne Piggott . 1997 . Representations and constraints : The case of Guarani Nasal harmony . In Geert Booij and Jeroen van de Weijer , eds. , HIL Phonology Papers III , 219-256 . The Hague : Holland Academic Graphics .
Piggott , G. and A. Grafstein ( 1983 ) An Ojibwa lexicon . Ottawa : National Museum of Canada
Piggott , Glyne L. ( 1980 ) , Aspects of Odawa morphophonemics ( Published version of PhD dissertation , University of Toronto , 1974 ) , New York : Garland ,
Piggott , Glyne L. ( 1980 ) 'Implications of linguistic change for concrete phonology ' . Canadian Journal of Linguistics 25:1 , 1-19
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Linguists from Canada
McGill University faculty
Barbatia amygdalumtostum , the almond ark or burnt-almond ark , is a species of bearded ark clams in the Barbatia genus discovered by Röding in 1798 . Barbatia amygdalumtostum lives in ocean environments .
< div align=center >
< /div align=center >
References
amygdalumtostum
Veszprém FC is a Hungarian Association Football Club , founded in 1912 as Vegyész TC . The club played in the Hungarian First League between 1988 and 1993 . In 2005 , the club disbanded but was re-organized in 2006 .
References
Football clubs in Hungary
Association football clubs established in 1912
1912 establishments in Hungary
Veszprém
Ibifornia is the fourth studio album by French electronic duo Cassius . It was released on 26 August 2016 .
Composition
Cassius were inspired to produce an album with a bright , happy tone by their experiences of listening to the Bob Marley & the Wailers album Exodus ( 1977 ) . Their intention with Ibifornia was to create a `` fun electronic music without making it cheesy '' , due to the abundance of dark and depressing electronic dance music popular at the time . In coming up with a cheerful vibe for the LP , they decided that it would take place in a fantasy utopia land named Ibifornia .
Cassius and the press release categorized the style of Ibifornia as a hybrid of funk , house , soul , Afrobeat , synthpop , psychedelia , hip hop , gospel and disco .
Track listing
Charts
References
2016 albums
Cassius ( band ) albums
Because Music albums
Ed Banger Records albums
TxK is an action video game developed by Llamasoft and designed by Jeff Minter . The game was released on the PlayStation Vita on February 11 , 2014 . The game was planned for release on PC , PlayStation 4 , and Android platforms until Atari made legal threats against Llamasoft , citing similarities between TxK and Tempest 2000 .
It is a tube shooter based on the classic arcade game Tempest . The gameplay expands upon that of the original by including power-ups which grant the player additional abilities . The option is available to play without power-ups , however .
Reception
The game received positive reviews upon release , garnering a score of 84 out of 100 on the review aggregation website Metacritic .
IGN found the updated art style `` overwhelming at times '' but appreciated the `` winning soundtrack and forgiving save system '' . They said `` In the end , I simply could n't put it down . '' The game was also praised by Edge magazine who noted the `` wonderfully crisp '' presentation and declared it to be `` twitch gaming at its finest . '' They concluded by stating `` Dynamic , thrilling and wholly invigorating , TxK is n't just one of the best games on Vita : it might just be the best Minter 's ever made , too . ''
Legal troubles
On March 18 , 2015 , Minter made public that the current holders of the Atari name and trademark have made legal threats and issued cease and desist orders over the game blocking release to PC , PlayStation 4 , and Android platforms .
After the success of Llamasoft 's Polybius , Atari came to a deal with Llamasoft and TxK was reworked into Tempest 4000 and released with Atari 's approval .
References
2014 video games
Shooter video games
PlayStation Vita games
PlayStation Vita-only games
PlayStation Network games
Llamasoft games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
John Greenford was an English Member of Parliament for Winchelsea 1449–1450 .
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
15th-century English people
English MPs November 1449
People from Winchelsea
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
The men 's marathon event at the 2010 Asian Games was held in Guangzhou Triathlon Venue , Guangzhou on 27 November .
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time ( UTC+08:00 )
Records
Results
Legend
DNF — Did not finish
References
Results
Athletics at the 2010 Asian Games
2010
2010 Asian Games
Asian
2010 Asian Games
St Edward 's Sapphire is an octagonal , rose-cut sapphire that forms part of the British Crown Jewels .
Its history is older than any other gemstone in the royal collection . The stone is thought to have been in the coronation ring of Edward the Confessor , known later than St Edward , who ascended the throne of England in 1042 , twenty-four years before the Norman conquest . Edward , one of the last Anglo-Saxon kings of England , was buried with the ring at Westminster Abbey in 1066 .
It was reputedly taken from the ring when Edward 's body was re-interred at Westminster Abbey in 1163 .
How the gem survived the English Civil War in the 17th century is not clear , but it was most likely re-cut into its present form for Charles II after the restoration of the monarchy .
Queen Victoria added the jewel to the Imperial State Crown , giving it a leading role in the centre of the cross at the top of the crown , where it remains today in the similar crown last worn by Queen Elizabeth II .
St Edward 's Sapphire is on public display with the other Crown Jewels in the Jewel House at the Tower of London .
The sapphire is believed to have originated from Asia , potentially either from Afghanistan or Sri Lanka , which have been famed for their gem-producing corundum deposits since ancient times .
See also
List of individual gemstones
References
Individual sapphires
Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom
Herbert Franz Mataré ( 22 September 1912 – 2 September 2011 ) was a German physicist . The focus of their research was the field of semiconductor research . Their best-known work is the first functional European transistor , which they developed and patented together with Heinrich Welker in the vicinity of Paris in 1948 , independent from the Bell Labs engineers who had developed the first transistor shortly before . The final 20 years of their life Mataré split time between their homes in Hückelhoven , Germany and Malibu , California . They were born in Aachen .
Biography
Mataré completed their studies in mathematics , chemistry , electrochemistry , nuclear physics , and solid-state physics at the Technical University of Aachen with degree `` Diplom-Ingenieur '' in Applied Physics . In addition , they studied mathematics , physics , and chemistry at the University of Geneva .
In 1939 they joined the Telefunken research laboratory in Berlin . At that time it became obvious that the miniaturization of vacuum tubes had met a technical limit and that alternative solutions had to be sought using solid state circuits and the principles of the earlier transistor inventions of Julius Edgar Lilienfeld , Oskar Heil , Walter Schottky , and Robert Wichard Pohl .
Because of the air raids on Berlin in 1943 , the Telefunken laboratory was moved to the Cisterian abbey in Lubiąż ( Leubus ) Silesia , where Mataré focused on improving the cm-wave ( SHF ) receiver sensitivity .
In 1944 , as the Soviet army closed in , the site and most of its equipment were abandoned and the operation was transferred to Thuringia . Later Mataré taught physics and mathematics in Wabern near Kassel and gave lectures at the Aachen university , and they were invited to build a semiconductor diode plant for Compagnie des Freins et Signaux Westinghouse in Aulnay-sous-Bois near Paris .
Academic degrees
Important work
Independently of American work , the German researchers Mataré and Heinrich Welker developed the first operational French transistor at Compagnie des Freins et Signaux Westinghouse in Aulnay-sous-Bois near Paris during the years 1945 to 1948 . They filed their first transistor patent application on 13 August 1948 . This European invention was presented to the public on 18 May 1949 as the `` Le Transistron '' .
In 1951/1952 , Mataré founded Intermetall in Düsseldorf , the first company to offer diodes and transistors .
Awards ( selection )
Life Fellow IEEE
Member emeritus New York Academy of Sciences
Eduard Rhein Ring of Honor , Eduard Rhein Foundation , 2008 .
Literature
Patents
The following list can only present a part of the more than 80 patents which Mataré has filed .
Controversial views
Mataré contributed articles to the scientific racist journal Mankind Quarterly . In their book Conscientious Evolution ( 1982 ) they discussed a broad range of topics including genetic engineering , eugenic measures , controlled procreation , sterilization and capital punishment . Matare 's ill-advised articles and text were poorly formulated and lacking in scientific basis . The anthropologist H. James Birx described the book as deeply prejudiced , `` neither a careful examination of the promise of human genetics nor a contribution to the science of organic evolution . ''
References
External links
Peter Salomon : „ Deutsche Halbleiter-Technik vor 1945 ? “
Armand van Dormael : `` The „ french “ transistor '' at cdvandt.org , retrieved 22-09-2013
1912 births
2011 deaths
20th-century German physicists
20th-century German inventors
RWTH Aachen University alumni
University of Geneva alumni
RWTH Aachen University faculty
Hidden Agenda was a live house located in the industrial area of Kwun Tong , Hong Kong . It opened in January 2009 and has since then relocated twice due to rising rents and the violation of permitted land uses ( that excludes the operation of cultural venues in industrial buildings ) . The live house staged its final show in July 2017 and was officially closed in October 2017 .
Background
The current venue is about 4,000 sqf ( approximately 370 sqm ) and can hold up to 300 people . It is often referred to as the Hong Kong version of the legendary CBGB in New York . Hidden Agenda stages around 60 shows every year across genres such as rock , heavy metal , jazz , folk , punk , post-rock , reggae , visual rock , hip-hop , experimental noise , techno etc .
Licensing difficulties
Having originally been a rehearsal space for a local band , the original Hidden Agenda quickly developed into a place for local and touring indie bands to perform . Kwun Tong was a popular space for this as many large spaces were available in the industrial suburb , with landlords willing to accept musicians as tenants after the SARS outbreak in Hong Kong made finding tenants for such spaces difficult . In 2011 , Hidden Agenda was involved in a dispute with the Hong Kong Lands Department . The department had received a complaint that the venue was operating outside of the terms of its lease , and the department was forced to investigate .
Services and facilities
In addition to offering a venue for performances , promotion , and other related services , Hidden Agenda also contains a small shop on the premises which sells CDs and other merchandise from local Hong Kong bands .
Media coverage
It received the award Time Out Best Venue of 2010 from Time Out Hong Kong . In addition , Hidden Agenda has received a significant amount of exposure from international and overseas media . Hidden Agenda was cited by the UK 's The Guardian newspaper as one of the `` Top 10 Bars and Clubs in Hong Kong '' in 2012 .
In 2012 , Hidden Agenda created a film to document the history of the venue , which was subsequently featured at the 2012 Venice Architecture Biennale . The installation was intended to explore the development of a creative and artistic culture in the industrial areas of West Kowloon , drawing reference to the fact that many of these establishments , like Hidden Agenda , are actually illegal .
Notable performances
Bands that performed in Hidden Agenda include : Anti-Flag , Gallows , Drowning Pool , HammerFall , Kalmah , Sick of It All , Caspian , Fucked Up , Queen Sea Big Shark , FM3 , Jan Linton , Hedgehog , Carsick Cars , Nova Heart , My Little Airport , King Ly Chee , 22 Cats , The Bollands , This Will Destroy You , No One Remains Virgin , 意色樓 ( An Id Signal ) , Tux , Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. , King Khan & the BBQ Show and Residence A ( A公馆 ) .
A number of heavy metal bands of varying genres had performed , including Vader , Warbringer , Suicide Silence , Kalmah , HammerFall , Evocation ( aka 招魂 ) , Fleshgod Apocalypse , Charmcharmchu , Synergy , Arkona ( Russian : Аркона ) and Tainted Dickman ,
References
External links
Music venues in Hong Kong
2009 establishments in Hong Kong
2017 disestablishments in Hong Kong
David Tkeshelashvili ( born October 16 , 1969 ) who was a Georgian politician . From 2010 to May 2013 they served as a Head of Administration ( Chief of Staff ) to the President of Georgia .
Early years
They graduated from Tbilisi State University with degree of Master of Arts in Legal Studies . They won Edmund S. Muskie scholarship and later
subsequently obtained LLM degree from Emory University in Atlanta , USA . Before joining the Government of Georgia Tkeshelashvili served as a member of Georgian
Parliament for eleven years from 1995 to 2006 . Since 1995 , they have been participating in political campaigns and party building in different capacities as well as monitoring
election processes in various countries They started their career as leader of the youth organization of the Citizen 's Union of Georgia , led by late President , former Foreign Minister of
the Soviet Union Eduard Shevardnadze , governing party of the country from 1995 to 2003 . During eleven years in Parliament Tkeshelashvili served as a Deputy of Majority Leader and
later as a Chairmen of the Subcommittee for Relations with Media and Non-Governmental Organizations of the Human Rights committee from 1999 to 2003 . They were active participant of
the so call “ Rose Revolution ” which peacefully ousted President Shevardnadze from their office .
Government
Tkeshelashvili joined the government in 2006 as a Minister of Environment Protection and Natural Resources . From 2007 to 2008 for a short period of time they served as a Minister of
Labor , Health and Social Affairs . From 2008 to 2010 they led regional development and local self-government reform process and instituted a series of structural and policy reforms for
decentralization and sustainable regional development , first as a State Minister for Regional Issues , later under their leadership new office , Ministry of Regional Development and
Infrastructure was created . They served as a minister of the newly established agency till 2010 . From June 2010 to May 2013 they are a Head of Administration to the President of Georgia .
Years at Emory
Tkeshelashvili now works as an Associate Director of the Center of International and Comparative Law ( CICL ) at Emory University School of Law . They are a Professor of Law , teaches
course in public international law and works on variety of projects related to rule of law and institutional development in transitional democracies . In 2008 they were awarded with Sheth
Distinguished International Alumni Award and is an Honorary Citizen of State of Georgia , USA from 2006 .
Currently along with teaching at Emory University , Tkeshelashvili advising fintech companies in Europe .
Family
Tkeshelashvili is married , has two children .
See also
Cabinet of Georgia
References
1969 births
Government ministers of Georgia ( country )
Politicians from Tbilisi
Living people
Joseph Sandars ( 1785-1860 ) was a wealthy corn merchant based in Liverpool , UK . They played a major role in initiating development of the groundbreaking Liverpool & Manchester Railway which opened in 1830 .
Early life
Sandars ' father , also called Joseph , was a corn merchant who moved to Derby from Mackworth . Their mother was born Elizabeth Blakeman . They had two siblings , the twins Samuel and Elizabeth . In family trees Joseph Sandars is often referred to as Joseph Sandars of Taplow House , Buckinghamshire , where they lived in later years .
Move to Liverpool
Sandars entered their father 's trade but at the age of 20 moved to Liverpool where they continued as a corn merchant . They traded in a partnership , firstly as Sandars & Blain and from 1826 when the partnership split up , as Sandars & Claxton and , in 1860 , as Sandars & Smith . Sandars was a successful business person as can be judged from their integration into the commercial life of Liverpool . Trade directories show that they were a member of several significant Liverpool committees , including the Corn Exchange committee , the Lyceum newsroom committee and the Norwich Union Fire Insurance Committee , all prior to the opening of the railway . Their company kept detailed records of wheat yields from multiple regions and they subsequently gave testimony to parliamentary committees on crop yields and their economic consequences . They also testified during the inquiry into the affairs of Liverpool Corporation . Despite some misgivings , they asserted that `` never was there an estate of such magnitude so fairly and honestly administered . ''
Sandars was a Quaker with Whig and Reform tendencies in common with many of their Liverpool contemporaries and , as with many local merchants , participated actively in the election of Liverpool 's two MPs . However , in 1824 they resigned from the Liverpool Society for the Abolition of Slavery over concerns regarding the process of emancipation . Their public letter
led to a strong rebuttal in the Hull Rockingham newspaper . Many of Sandars ' peers were also involved in the investigation of the young Liverpool woman Margaret M'Avoy about whom Sandars wrote a report `` Hints to credulity '' that was critical of claims that , although blind , they could read with the aid of their fingers .
Sandars was one of the wealthy merchants who in 1819 purchased 37 artworks from the estate of the bankrupt William Roscoe on behalf of the gallery of the Liverpool Royal Institution . The paintings ultimately formed the core of the Walker Art Gallery collection .
Liverpool & Manchester Railway
As a merchant , Sandars was dissatisfied with the cost and speed of transport of goods between the port of Liverpool and the major industrial centre of Manchester . Movement of goods depended largely on canal and turnpike traffic at this time . Sandars met with engineer William James who was a major advocate for railways and they were convinced by James that a project should be established to connect the two burgeoning towns . James was contracted to survey the proposed line but failed to deliver the necessary reports in a timely fashion and was replaced as engineer in 1824 by George Stephenson . Sandars played a key role in compiling the prospectus for the railway and in assembling the committee that would eventually pilot the necessary legislation through parliament . They subsequently served as one of four deputy chairpeople from 1824 and as a director from 1826 . Sandars was director in charge of the locomotive Dart on the railway 's opening on 15 September 1830 .
Later railway involvement
Sandars maintained an interest in railways and their application . They continued as a director when the Liverpool & Manchester Railway merged into the Grand Junction Railway in 1845 and later served on sub-committees of the London & North Western Railway formed after a further merger in 1846 . While keeping a presence in Liverpool they also joined with Stephenson and others in developing mining and industrial interests elsewhere , first at Snibston in Leicestershire and subsequently at Clay Cross in Derbyshire .
Portrait
Sandars is shown in a painting by Spiridione Gambardella along with George Stephenson and Charles Sylvester . The original artwork was destroyed by bombing in Liverpool during World War 2 and only monochrome photographs remain .
Family and later life
During their time in Liverpool , Sandars lived in Pembroke Place . On 22 June 1812 , they married Anna McKenzie Richards , of the same parish . Their later years are poorly documented and their history readily confused with that of one of their sons , another Joseph Sandars , who became MP for Great Yarmouth in 1848-52 and was involved in the Clay Cross operations . Sandars ' eldest son , William , died at the age of 17 in Frankfurt . They also had two daughters , Eliza Rose and Anna-Louisa . Eliza Rose married Birmingham magistrate Thomas Clement Sneyd-Kynnersley in June 1834 . Anna-Louisa married in June 1843 to the Rev . Clement Francis Broughton , Rector of Norbury and Vicar of Uttoxeter . At the time of Anna-Louisa 's marriage , Sandars lived in Johnstone ( nowadays Johnson ) Hall , Eccleshall , Staffordshire .
In 1851 Sandars moved to Taplow House in Taplow , Buckinghamshire ( the house is now a hotel ) . They may also have had a London townhouse in Cleveland Row . Newspaper reports show that they attended the funeral of Robert Stephenson in 1859 . Sandars themselves died in London on 4 October 1860 and was buried at Taplow .
References
1775 births
1860 deaths
British railway entrepreneurs
Businesspeople from Liverpool
People from Derby
People of the Industrial Revolution
Nelinho Minzún Quina Asín ( born 11 May 1987 ) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for Universitario in the Torneo Descentralizado , as a left back . They are the twin brother of Minzum Quina .
Club career
Nelinho Quina made their debut in the Torneo Descentralizado in 2005 playing for Sporting Cristal . In their debut season , they were part of the team that finished as champions of the 2005 Torneo Descentralizado season .
Honours
Club
Sporting Cristal
Torneo Descentralizado : 2005
Juan Aurich
Torneo Descentralizado : 2011
References
External links
Juan Aurich profile
1987 births
Living people
Footballers from Lima
Association football fullbacks
Peruvian footballers
Peru under-20 international footballers
Sporting Cristal footballers
Club Deportivo Universidad César Vallejo footballers
Alianza Atlético footballers
Club Universitario de Deportes footballers
K.V.C . Westerlo players
Juan Aurich footballers
FBC Melgar footballers
Peruvian Primera División players
Belgian First Division A players
Peruvian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Tajanjar-e Sofla ( , also Romanized as Tajanjār-e Soflá ; also known as Tajanjār-e Pā'īn ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 639 , in 162 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Caia District is a district of Sofala Province in Mozambique . The principal town is
Caia . The district is located in the north of the province , and borders with Chemba District in the north , Marromeu District in the southeast , Cheringoma District in the south , and with Maringué District in the west . In the east , the district is bounded by the Indian Ocean . The area of the district is . It has a population of 115,455 as of 2007 .
Geography
The district is located at the right bank of the Zambezi , and includes a part of the Zambezi Delta .
The climate of the district is tropical semi-arid at the interior and tropical humid at the coast . The average annual rainfall in the district is .
History
In the early colonial times , the area belonged to the Territory of Manica and Sofala . In 1891 , the territory was split into three smaller divisions , and the area was transferred into one of them , Sena Circunscrição . In 1964 , the latter was elevated to the category of Conselho , and in 1967 , it was denamed into Conselho de Caia .
Demographics
As of 2005 , 45 % of the population of the district was younger than 15 years . 23 % of the population spoke Portuguese . The most common mothertongue among the population was Cindau . 81 % were analphabetic , mostly women .
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos , Caia ( two localities ) , Murraça ( two localities ) , and Sena ( two localities ) .
Economy
1 % of the households in the district have access to electricity .
Agriculture
In the district , there are 17,000 farms which have on average of land . The main agricultural products are corn , cassava , cowpea , peanut , sweet potato , and rice .
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which is long , of which are in a bad state .
There is passenger navigation on the Zambezi .
References
Districts in Sofala Province
The Return of Clint the Stranger ( aka There 's a Noose Waiting for You Trinity ! , , ) is a 1972 Italian-Spanish Western film directed by Alfonso Balcázar and starring Klaus Kinski . The film is a sequel to Clint the Stranger .
Plot
Trinity is a former gunslinger desperate to be forgiven by their family that they abandoned years ago . A ruthless bounty hunter tracks down Trinity and forces them to return to their criminal ways to protect themselves and their family .
Cast
George Martin as Clint Murrayson
Marina Malfatti as Norma Murrayson
Klaus Kinski as Scott
Daniel Martín as Slim
Augusto Pescarini as Jimmy Murrayson
Francisco José Huetos as Mr Scranton
Susanna Atkinson as Betty Murrayson ( as Billy )
Willi Colombini as ( as Willy Colombini )
Luis Ponciado as Brandon
Gaspar 'Indio ' González as Sheriff Culver ( as Indio González )
Manuel Muñiz as Telegrapher ( as Pajarito )
Manuel Sas as Bill McKinley
Manuel Bronchud as Slim 's Right Hand
Ricardo Moyán
Gustavo Re as Blinky
Adolfo Alises as Mr. Thompson
Miguel Muniesa as Ben
Vittorio Fanfoni as Murdoch brother
Luigi Antonio Guerra as Murdoch brother
References
External links
1972 films
1972 Western ( genre ) films
1970s Spanish-language films
Spanish Western ( genre ) films
Spaghetti Western films
Films directed by Alfonso Balcázar
1970s Italian films
Huangyang Road ( ) is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro . Located at the intersection of Huangyang Road and East Jinxiu Road in Pudong , the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30 , 2021 .
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 14 , Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Olivia Hussey ( born Olivia Osuna ; 17 April 1951 ) is an English film , stage , and television actor . Them accolades include a Golden Globe Award and a David di Donatello Award . The daughter of Argentine opera singer Andrés Osuna , Hussey was born in Buenos Aires but spent most of their early life in their mother 's native England . They aspired to become an actor at a young age and studied drama for five years at London 's Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts .
Hussey began acting professionally as an adolescent . They appeared in a 1966 London production of The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie , opposite Vanessa Redgrave ; this led to them being scouted for the role of Juliet in Franco Zeffirelli 's 1968 film adaptation of Romeo and Juliet . Hussey received widespread acclaim and international recognition for their performance .
In 1974 , they appeared as the lead character Jess Bradford in the cult slasher film Black Christmas . This role and their subsequent horror films earned them the title of scream queen . They reunited with Zeffirelli in the miniseries Jesus of Nazareth ( 1977 ) as Mary and appeared in John Guillermin 's Agatha Christie adaptation Death on the Nile ( 1978 ) . They appeared in several international productions throughout the 1980s , including the Japanese production Virus ( 1980 ) and the Australian dystopian action film Turkey Shoot ( 1982 ) . They appeared in two made-for-television horror productions : Psycho IV : The Beginning and Stephen King 's It , both first screened in 1990 .
In addition to screen acting , Hussey has worked as a voice actor , providing voice roles in multiple Star Wars video games , including Star Wars : Rogue Squadron , Star Wars : Force Commander , and Star Wars : The Old Republic .
Early life
Hussey was born Olivia Osuna on 17 April 1951 in Buenos Aires , Argentina , the first child of Argentine opera singer Andrés Osuna ( who performed under the stage name Osvaldo Ribó ) , and Joy ( née Hussey ) , a legal secretary originally from England . Them parents were both Roman Catholics , and they were raised in that denomination . `` My mother was a devout Catholic , '' Hussey recalled . `` I grew up with a mini-altar at home that they had ; a candle was always alight on it . They always had a great love for God , and they instilled that in me . '' When Hussey was two years old , their parents separated .
Hussey was fascinated by acting from a young age , and as a child , would dress themselves and pretend to be a nun . At the age of seven , they moved with their mother and younger brother to London , where they spent the remainder of their early life . There , Hussey 's mother enrolled them in the Italia Conti Academy drama school , which they attended for five years . At 13 , they began acting professionally on the stage .
Career
1968–1969 : Career beginnings and Romeo and Juliet
Assuming their mother 's maiden name as their stage name , Hussey appeared on the London stage in a West End production of The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie , playing the role of Jenny opposite Vanessa Redgrave . During the run of this play , Italian film director Franco Zeffirelli noticed them because `` she was the only choice mature enough with experience and natural beauty to play Juliet while still looking 14 . '' At 15 , they were chosen out of 500 actores to star as Juliet in Zeffirelli 's film version of Romeo and Juliet ( 1968 ) , opposite 16-year-old Leonard Whiting 's Romeo . Prior to their role in Romeo and Juliet , they had appeared in minor roles in two films : The Battle of the Villa Fiorita and Cup Fever ( both 1965 ) , and an episode of the television series Drama ( 1964 ) . In 1969 , they won a special David di Donatello Award and the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year - Actress for their performance in Romeo and Juliet .
After the success of Romeo and Juliet , Hollywood producer Hal B. Wallis offered them the title role in Anne of the Thousand Days ( 1969 ) and the co-starring role with John Wayne in True Grit ( 1969 ) . In their 2018 memoir Hussey stated that they had `` mumbled something about being interested in `` Anne of the Thousand Days '' but added that they `` could n't see themselves with Wayne '' . They claim that this `` adolescent and opinionated '' remark inevitably ended their professional relationship with Wallis , and they immediately withdrew their offer from them `` It had taken me less than a minute to talk my way out of it '' , Hussey stated .
1970–2000 : Black Christmas and continued acting
In 1971 , they appeared in the British drama All the Right Noises , followed by the crime film The Summertime Killer ( 1972 ) , and the musical Lost Horizon ( 1973 ) , opposite Liv Ullmann , John Gielgud , and Sally Kellerman . In 1974 , they played the leading role of Jess Bradford in the Canadian horror film Black Christmas ( 1974 ) , which became influential as a forerunner of the slasher film genre of horror films . They played Mary , the mother of Jesus , in the 1977 television production of Jesus of Nazareth ( her second work for director Zeffirelli ) . In 1978 , they played Rosalie Otterbourne in Death on the Nile with Peter Ustinov , and appeared in The Cat and the Canary ( 1979 ) . They also starred as Marit in the Japanese film Virus ( 1980 ) , and played Rebecca of York in the 1982 remake of Ivanhoe ( 1982 ) ; the same year , they had a lead role in the Australian horror film Turkey Shoot ( 1982 ) .
In 1987 , Hussey appeared in a clip for the Michael Jackson video Liberian Girl , among others , who also included Steven Spielberg , John Travolta , Olivia Newton-John , Whoopi Goldberg , Lou Ferrigno , and Billy Dee Williams . In 1990 , Hussey appeared in two horror projects , playing Norma Bates , the mother of Norman Bates , in Psycho IV : The Beginning , a prequel to Alfred Hitchcock 's Psycho ( 1960 ) , and in the miniseries It , an adaptation of the Stephen King novel .
2000–present : Later films and voice work
Hussey played the lead in Mother Teresa of Calcutta ( 2003 ) , a biographical film about Mother Teresa , for which they were presented with a Character & Morality in Entertainment Award on 12 May 2007 in Hollywood . They stated in an interview that it had been their dream and wish to portray the role of Mother Teresa of Calcutta since they finished their role as the Virgin Mary in Jesus of Nazareth . Hussey and Leonard Whiting reunited as on-screen partners in the film Social Suicide ( 2015 ) , the only film that they both appeared in since Romeo and Juliet ( 1968 ) . In the project , Hussey 's daughter , actor India Eisley , played their fictional daughter , Julia Coulson .
Hussey has also worked as a voice actor , and was nominated for `` Outstanding Individual Achievement for Voice Acting by a Female Performer in an Animated Television Production '' at the Annie Awards for their work in the DC animated universe , as Talia , daughter of Ra 's al Ghul . They voiced the character of Kasan Moor in the PC/Nintendo 64 game , Star Wars : Rogue Squadron ( 1998 ) and was also in the massively multiplayer online role-playing game Star Wars : The Old Republic ( 2011 ) as Jedi Master Yuon Par . They also lent their voice to Star Wars : Force Commander in 2000 .
Personal life
Hussey quit acting for two years following the success of Franco Zeffirelli 's Romeo and Juliet , due to an ongoing struggle with agoraphobia . As teenagers , they and Whiting dated for a brief period following the production of the film and have remained friends since , reportedly speaking `` at least once every ten days . ''
In 1971 , they married actor Dean Paul Martin , the son of singer Dean Martin , on the day of their twentieth birthday . They had a son , Alexander Gunther Martin ( who became an actor ) , in 1973 , before divorcing in 1978 . Dean Paul Martin died in 1987 , when their National Guard F-4 Phantom jet fighter crashed in California 's San Bernardino Mountains during a snowstorm .
In 1980 , Hussey married Japanese singer Akira Fuse in two ceremonies : one at home in Los Angeles , and a second , an Indian wedding in Miami . They gave birth to their son Max in 1983 and divorced Fuse in 1989 . In 1991 , they married the American rock musician David Glen Eisley , the son of an actor Anthony Eisley . In October 1993 , they gave birth to their daughter , India Eisley , also an actor .
Hussey was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2008 . Rather than pursuing chemotherapy or radiation , they underwent a double mastectomy to treat the cancer . After being in remission for nearly a decade , Hussey learned in 2018 that the breast cancer had returned when a small tumour was discovered growing between their heart and lungs . They opted to use radiation and chemotherapy to treat the tumour , stating : `` I 'd refused chemotherapy and radiation treatment ten years ago , wanting to avoid those poisons , but last year I had no choice , and they saved my life . The tumour shrank , I 'm hoping to the size of a pea , and I 'm doing well now . I 'm healthy and happy . ''
Hussey 's memoir , The Girl on the Balcony : Olivia Hussey Finds Life After Romeo and Juliet , was released on 31 July 2018 .
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
Stage credits
Awards and nominations
References
Sources
External links
Olivia Hussey at the British Film Institute
1951 births
20th-century English actores
21st-century English actores
Actresses from Buenos Aires
Actresses from London
Argentine emigrants to England
Alumni of the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts
British women memoirists
David di Donatello winners
English film actores
English memoirists
English Roman Catholics
English Shakespearean actores
English television actores
English video game actores
English voice actores
Living people
New Star of the Year ( Actress ) Golden Globe winners
Portia Woodman ( born 12 July 1991 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player . They play fifteen-a-side and seven-a-side rugby union , and is a member of the New Zealand Women 's Sevens team and New Zealand Women 's National Rugby Union team . Woodman was a member of the New Zealand Women 's Sevens team when they won a gold medal at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo .
In 2022 , Woodman became the first woman to score 200 tries in the Sevens Series .
Biography
Netball
Woodman initially played netball for the Northern Mystics before switching to rugby union in 2012 .
Rugby career
Woodman first became involved in rugby union through New Zealand 's Go4Gold grassroots initiative in 2012 . The nationwide campaign was established by the New Zealand Rugby Union , and aimed to identify future athletes from other sports to compete at the 2016 Summer Olympics , where rugby sevens was making its debut . Woodman was selected to join the programme alongside Northern Mystics netball teammate Kayla McAlister .
Woodman debuted for the Black Ferns in 2013 against . They were included in the squad that won the 2013 Rugby World Cup Sevens in Russia .
In 2015 , Woodman was named the World Rugby Women 's Sevens Player of the Year .
In 2016 , Woodman competed in Rugby Sevens at the 2016 Summer Olympics . The Black Ferns were beaten by Australia in the final 24–17 . Woodman was the top try scorer , scoring a total of 10 tries across the three-day tournament .
They were named in the 2017 Women 's Rugby World Cup squad . The Black Ferns went on to win the World Cup . Woodman scored the most points ( 65 ) and the most tries ( 13 ) during the tournament .
Woodman was selected in the Black Ferns Sevens squad at the 2018 Commonwealth Games . The 2018 tournament was the first time that women 's rugby sevens was contested at the Commonwealth Games . The Black Ferns won gold in extra-time , beating Australia 17–12 .
Woodman was named in the Black Ferns Sevens squad for the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham . They won a bronze medal at the event . They were also part of the team that won a silver medal at the Rugby World Cup Sevens in Cape Town .
Woodman made the Black Ferns 32-player squad for the 2021 Rugby World Cup . They scored seven tries as the Black Ferns routed Japan 95–12 in their first encounter before the World Cup .
Personal life
Woodman comes from a sporting background with both their father , Kawhena , and their uncle , Fred Woodman being former All Blacks . Them aunt Te Aroha Keenan is a former Silver Fern . Of Māori descent , Woodman affiliates to the Ngāpuhi iwi .
Woodman has been in a long-term relationship with fellow Black Fern and World Cup winner Renee Wickliffe .
References
External links
Black Ferns Profile
1991 births
Living people
Rugby sevens players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic rugby sevens players of New Zealand
New Zealand female rugby union players
New Zealand women 's international rugby union players
New Zealand international rugby union players
New Zealand female rugby sevens players
New Zealand women 's international rugby sevens players
New Zealand Māori rugby union players
Rugby union wings
Northern Mystics players
New Zealand netball players
Ngāpuhi
Olympic silver medalists for New Zealand
Olympic medalists in rugby sevens
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Rugby sevens players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games rugby sevens players of New Zealand
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for New Zealand
Commonwealth Games medallists in rugby sevens
Olympic gold medalists for New Zealand
Rugby sevens players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
LGBT sportspeople from New Zealand
LGBT rugby union players
LGBT netball players
New Zealand Māori netball players
20th-century New Zealand women
21st-century New Zealand women
Rugby sevens players at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Local Authority Council and Regional Council Elections in Namibia were held from 30 November to 3 December 1992 .
Results
Local Authority Councils
Regional Councils
A total of 534,437 voters were registered , but 64,431 were in uncontested constituencies .
References
Local and regional elections in Namibia
Namibia
1992 in Namibia
November 1992 events in Africa
December 1992 events in Africa
Dear Ella is a 1997 studio album by Dee Dee Bridgewater , recorded in tribute to Ella Fitzgerald , who had died the previous year .
For Dear Ella , Bridgewater won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Album and Slide Hampton won the Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist ( s ) for their arrangement of `` Cotton Tail '' at the 40th Grammy Awards .
Reception
Raoul Hernandez of The Austin Chronicle stated , `` As with nature , music is in a constant state of regeneration . For every fallen John Coltrane there 's a James Carter , for every departed Miles Davis , a Terence Blanchard . Sometimes it takes generations to fill a hole , but new trees sprout every day . One forest in need of re-seeding has long been the Satin Doll woods , where craters left by Billie Holiday , Sarah Vaughan , and Ella Fitzgerald still gape . Only recently has Cassandra Wilson helped fill the gap , and now with Dear Ella , Dee Dee Bridgewater is ready to take their side . '' All About Jazz review commented , `` Overall , this disc is a good , pleasant listen for fans of scatting and upbeat big band swing singing . While the theme is a tribute to Ella , do n't pick this up expecting to hear them ghost . While Bridgewater is brave enough to take on all this material and the legend of Ella , they are also smart enough to realize there is only one Ella , and that they need to sing like Dee Dee to be successful . At times , the melodies involved in several of the songs are obscured somewhat by Bridgewater 's R'n ' B-ish stylings , but their effort on these songs is real and can not be dismissed . Bridgewater had the privilege of meeting Ella on multiple occasions , and seems to have been genuinely influenced by their singing and their personality . This project seems to be their way of bidding farewell to jazz 's true First Lady of Song . ''
Track listing
`` A-Tisket , A-Tasket '' ( Van Alexander , Ella Fitzgerald ) – 2:32
`` Mack the Knife '' ( lyrics : Marc Blitzstein , Bertolt Brecht ; music : Kurt Weill ) – 3:59
`` Undecided '' ( lyrics : Leo Robin ; music : Charlie Shavers ) – 6:22
`` Midnight Sun '' ( music : Sonny Burke , Lionel Hampton ; lyrics : Johnny Mercer ) – 7:22
`` Let 's Do It , Let 's Fall in Love '' ( Cole Porter ) – 3:31
`` How High the Moon '' ( music : Morgan Hamilton ; lyrics : Nancy Lewis ) – 5:05
`` ( If You Ca n't Sing It ) You 'll Have to Swing It ( Mr. Paganini ) '' ( Sam Coslow ) – 6:34
`` Cotton Tail '' ( Duke Ellington ) – 2:58
`` My Heart Belongs to Daddy '' ( Porter ) – 5:05
`` ( I 'd Like to Get You on a ) Slow Boat to China '' ( Frank Loesser ) – 2:57
`` Oh , Lady be Good ! '' ( George Gershwin , Ira Gershwin ) – 3:39
`` Stairway to the Stars '' ( lyrics : Mitchell Parish ; music : Frank Signorelli , Matty Malneck ) – 4:10
`` Dear Ella '' ( Kenny Burrell ) – 4:56
Personnel
Dee Dee Bridgewater – vocals
Cecil Bridgewater – trumpet , arranger , conductor
Virgil Jones – trumpet , horn , soloist
Byron Stripling – trumpet
Ron Tooley – trumpet
Diego Urcola – trumpet
Slide Hampton – trombone , arranger , conductor
Clarence Banks – trombone , horn , soloist
Benny Powell – trombone
Robert Trowers – trombone
Douglas Purviance – bass trombone
F. Robert Lloyd – horn
James Anderson – tuba
Antonio Hart – alto saxophone , soloist
Jeff Clayton – alto saxophone
Teodross Avery – tenor saxophone
Bill Easley – tenor saxophone
Patience Higgins – baritone saxophone
R. Taylor – flute
Roy Jowitt – clarinet
Alfred Wallbank – bass clarinet
Richard Morgan – oboe
Lou Levy – piano , arranger
Milt Jackson – vibraphone
Kenny Burrell – guitar , arranger
Ray Brown – double bass
Grady Tate – drums
André Ceccarelli – drums
Alan Hakin – percussion
Boguslaw Kostecki , David Nolan , T. Williams , Rolf Wilson – violin
John Graham , Garfield Jackson – viola
Peter Willison – cello
John Clayton – big band arranger and conductor
Production
Rob Eaton , Keith Grant , Al Schmitt – engineer
Peter Doell , Koji Egawa , Brian Garten , Alex Marcou – assistant engineer
Jean Luc Barilla – design
Philippe Pierangeli – photography
Chart positions
References
1997 albums
Dee Dee Bridgewater albums
Ella Fitzgerald tribute albums
Verve Records albums
Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Album
Dianthus glacialis , the glacier pink or ice pink , is a species of pink native to the eastern Alps and the Carpathians . A dwarf species , it reaches at most 10cm , and prefers to grow on granite .
References
glacialis
Plants described in 1789
David Stuart Harrison ( born 30 July 1981 in Monmouthshire ) is a Welsh-born cricketer who has played for the England A team . They are a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler .
David Harrison 's father , Stuart and brother Adam also play cricket . Harrison appeared in 1999/2000 for England in the World Youth Cup and played in Second XI cricket in 2001 and 2002 , before being promoted to the county side 's first XI in August 2002 .
1981 births
Living people
Welsh cricketers
Glamorgan cricketers
Wales National County cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
The National Centre for Writing , formerly Writers ' Centre Norwich , is a literature development agency and national centre for writing based in Norwich , England . It led the successful bid for Norwich to be granted the UNESCO City of Literature title in 2012 .
In April 2015 , the organisation moved into the historic building Dragon Hall , Norwich .
References
External links
Academic organisations based in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in Norwich
Norwich
Frank Rowland ( 1 March 1892 – 25 February 1957 ) was an Australian cricketer . They played one first-class match for New South Wales in 1924/25 .
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1892 births
1957 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
People from New England ( New South Wales )
Cricketers from New South Wales
Saksild is a village in Jutland , Denmark . It is located in Odder Municipality .
History
Saksild is first mentioned in 1203 as Saxwæl . Saksild Church was built around year 1200 .
References
Odder Municipality
Cities and towns in the Central Denmark Region
Villages in Denmark
Lance Price ( born 3 September 1958 ) is Chief of Staff to Kim Leadbeater , MP for Batley and Spen in the UK . They returned to active politics to help run their by-election campaign , having worked with them at the Jo Cox Foundation since the murder of their sister , who was MP for the constituency from 2015 to 2016 . They are also a writer , broadcaster and political commentator . They were a journalist for the BBC from 1981 to 1998 , then became special adviser to Prime Minister Tony Blair , eventually assuming the role of Director of Communications for the Labour Party , coordinating the Labour Party election campaign of 2001 . They have published five books , and appears regularly on Sky News and the BBC . Price 's fourth book , The Modi Effect , which details the rise of the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , was published by Hodder & Stoughton in 2015 .
Education
Price was born in Swanley , Kent and educated at Blackwell Primary School and Sackville Comprehensive School . They received a First Class degree in Philosophy , Politics and Economics at Hertford College , Oxford : here , their early interest for media and journalism was evident in their involvement with the student newspaper , Cherwell . Whilst studying , Price became involved with the Birmingham Evening Mail and maintained an active membership of the Oxford Labour Club .
BBC journalist
Price 's involvement with the media continued after university , when they joined the BBC as a News Trainee , working there continuously from 1980 to 1998 , taking a minor gap to travel from 1992 to 1993 . Their career at the BBC touched on many topical issues of the time , covering the Northern Ireland Troubles for three years , then becoming a national radio and television reporter , Defence Correspondent , and finally a Political Correspondent based at Westminster . As political correspondent and beyond , they interviewed every serving prime minister from James Callaghan to Tony Blair , and was the only journalist in Downing Street when the resignation of Margaret Thatcher was announced .
Whilst they were a Defence Correspondent , Price travelled on the first ever non-stop RAF flight from the UK to the Falkland Islands . Their other work with the BBC involved presenting programmes on BBC Radio Five Live , the BBC News Channel and fronting BBC Breakfast News after the Welsh devolution referendum .
Labour Party
After seventeen years as a BBC journalist , they joined Tony Blair 's staff at 10 Downing Street in 1998 , where they were deputy to the Communications Director , Alastair Campbell . They were promoted to the Labour Party 's Director of Communications from 2000 until the general election of 2001 , playing a significant role in overseeing the party 's victorious campaign .
Price was the first person to coin the phrase 'the nasty party ' to describe the Conservative Party during their time with Labour . They came up with the phrase while ghost-writing a statement by Tory defector , Ivan Massow , who was joining the party .
Author
Price was the co-author and principal photographer for the Berlitz Guide to Iceland , published in 2003 , and they maintain an active interest in travel and photography .
Upon leaving the Labour Party , Price published the first insider account of Tony Blair 's first term as Prime Minister , from 1997 to 2001 . The Spin Doctor 's Diary was published in September 2005 by Hodder & Stoughton . Price appeared before the House of Commons Public Administration Committee to answer questions on the reasons for publishing the book ; the Committee went on to recommend a new system of oversight for political diaries .
Price 's second book was the satirical novel Time and Fate , published in October 2005 . This was a `` take on what life was like for a family at the top of British politics '' .
In 2010 , they published Where the Power Lies , analysing the relationship between past governments and the media . The book was published before the phone-hacking scandal of 2010 , and argued that successive British governments had been too close to powerful media interests , including Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation . Price called for greater transparency about relationships between journalists and politicians .
On 15 January 2015 , Hodder & Stoughton announced Price 's fourth book , The Modi Effect , an account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's successful election campaign in 2014 . It was described as the `` story of Modi 's rise to power '' , which argued that `` message-management and IT wizardry combined to create an election winning machine of fascinating power '' . The book was released on 12 March 2015 and received favourable coverage .
Reception
Lance Price was called to give evidence to a Select Committee of the House of Commons in January 2006 , in response to their first publication of The Spin Doctor 's Diary . The book caused considerable controversy when the British government tried to block its publication . They also stated that Rupert Murdoch was the 24th member of Tony Blair 's cabinet .
Despite the initial and ongoing controversy , The Spin Doctor 's Diary was shortlisted for Political Book of the Year in the Channel 4 News Awards of 2006 . In 2008 , it was named by GQ Magazine as one of the top 50 political books of all time . Matthew Parris of The Times called the book `` sensational '' . It was criticised by Rafael Behr in The Observer for not taking us `` close enough to the personalities or even the underlying motives of Campbell or Blair '' . However , Sir Stephen Wall , a former advisor to Blair , said that `` Lance Price was right to publish , and should not be damnned '' . Boris Johnson , the then Mayor of London , reacted in their diary in the New Statesman : `` Lance Price is a turd '' .
Price 's second book , Time and Fate received generally favourable reviews : with Progress Magazine emphasising `` The strong characterisation and compelling plotline [ which ] make Time and Fate a welcome , gripping page-turner… . a refreshingly engaging political novel in its own right . '' The Sunday Times said it was `` the corking political novel that Blair 's Britain so badly needs '' .
Price 's third book , Where Power Lies , received positive reviews by critics . The Guardian described it as `` witty , well informed and extremely readable '' . Progress , a Blairite think-tank , described it as a `` thoughtful reflection on the balance of roles between the Prime Ministers and the Media , '' regarding its focus on Blair 's relationship with the media , and how and why future Labour leaders could draw inspiration from it . Rod Liddle argued it was `` required reading for those on both sides '' in the Sunday Times . Total Politics reviewer Peter Riddle surmises that Price places the media question `` firmly in its historical context '' . The Financial Times '' 's John Lloyd described the book as an `` elegant and well grounded survey of relations between premieres and the press in the UK over the past century '' .
Price 's fourth book , The Modi Effect , was a critical assessment of the first election campaign of the Indian Prime minister , although Price made clear they would not have voted for Modi if they had been able to vote himself . The Times of India wrote that Price had `` written the definitive account of the campaign that got Modi to where they are now . They tell a good story '' .
Price 's fifth book , Petrified , was a children 's story ; they donated the proceeds to the Jo Cox Foundation .
Broadcaster , lecturer and political commentator
Since leaving the employment of the Labour Party , Price has become an observer of British politics and world affairs , retaining their membership of the party , as they confirmed during an interview on BBC Radio 5 with Richard Bacon on 11 February 2010 .
Price is a regular commentator on British and world politics on the BBC News Channel , Sky News , BBC Radio and other outlets . Since leaving politics , they have appeared as a panellist on the BBC 's Question Time , and been interviewed on all leading news and current affairs programmes , including Panorama , Newsnight , Channel Four News and Dispatches , The Today Programme , The World at One , PM and The World Tonight . They broadcast regularly on the BBC and other British TV and radio outlets , and is a regular contributor to CBS News ' London Comment .
Price has written for many newspapers and magazines including The Guardian , Independent , The Daily Telegraph , The Sunday Times , The Sunday Mirror , GQ and the New Statesman . They are also an occasional contributor to the Australian Financial Review .
Price was a panellist during the 2010 general election campaign for the BBC News Channel and The World Tonight on BBC Radio 4 . They have taken an increasingly independent line on political affairs , and was one of the first to call for Gordon Brown to step down as Prime Minister after Labour 's election defeat in May 2010 .
In September 2014 , they published an article in the Independent criticising the then Labour leader Ed Miliband 's perceived paranoia of Tony Blair , and attacking their often `` too late '' communication style .
In recent years , Price has lectured at the Westminster University , CELSA and Sorbonne in Paris , The Westminster Foundation , Tsinghua University in Beijing , The International School in Toulouse , the Qatar Foundation and City University Journalism School . They have spoken at the Edinburgh Television Festival , The Guardian '' Hay on Wye Festival , The Inverness Book Fair , the John Smith Trust and The Norwegian Public Relations Association . They have also debated motions on politics and journalism at The Oxford Union , The Durham Union and Intelligence Squared .
The Kaleidoscope Trust
In September 2011 , Price launched The Kaleidoscope Trust , a UK-based organisation that aims to improve LGBT rights overseas . The Trust aims to work with existing LGBT rights groups in order to advance their respective campaigns . The launch was hosted by Speaker of the House of Commons John Bercow MP , who acknowledged the `` global challenge '' with regard to advancing LGBT rights outside of the UK .
David Cameron , the then Prime Minister , endorsed the project : `` In some countries , it 's simply appalling how people can be treated – how their rights are trampled on and the prejudices , and even violence , they suffer . So I want Britain to be a global beacon for reform . That 's why I am delighted to send my best wishes to Kaleidoscope , and wish them well in their work '' .
Labour 's Leader of the Opposition , Ed Miliband , described the Trust as `` an incredibly important initiative '' .
Personal life
Lance Price is married to James Proctor , and splits their time between Yorkshire and London .
References
External links
LancePrice.co.uk - official website
Director of Communications describes unhealthy relationship between government and the media Lance Price speaks at a Foundation for Law , Justice and Society Conference , Oxford
Financial Times review on Lance Price and their role in the Power and Press Debate
Guardian Profile of Lance Price
The Independent profile of Lance Price
1958 births
Living people
BBC newsreaders and journalists
British public relations people
Alumni of Hertford College , Oxford
The Independent people
The Guardian people
Labour Party ( UK ) officials
British special advisers
People from Swanley
People educated at Sackville School , East Grinstead
LGBT politicians from England
British gay writers
British republicans
The Aventine Secession was the withdrawal of the parliament opposition , mainly comprising the Italian Socialist Party , Italian Liberal Party , Italian People 's Party and Italian Communist Party , from the Italian Chamber of Deputies in 1924–25 , following the murder of the deputy Giacomo Matteotti by fascists on June 10 , 1924 .
The secession was named after the Aventine Secession in ancient Rome . This act of protest heralded the assumption of total power by Benito Mussolini and their National Fascist Party and the establishment of a one-party dictatorship in Italy . It was unsuccessful in opposing the National Fascist Party , and after two years the Chamber of Deputies ruled that the 123 Aventine deputies had forfeited their positions . In the following years , many of the `` Aventinian '' deputies were forced into exile or imprisoned .
Background
In 1923 , the Acerbo Law replaced proportional representation . It meant that the largest party , providing it had at least 25 % of the vote , gained 2/3 of the parliamentary seats . Following the elections in April 1924 , Mussolini obtained 64.9 % of the vote , giving them a clear majority under either system .
After their outspoken accusation of the Fascist Party 's underhand methods of political corruption and voter intimidation , the Socialist leader Giacomo Matteotti was abducted and murdered by Amerigo Dumini and various other thugs whose names were linked to the Fascist Party . There is considerable dispute among historians as to the level ( if any ) of Mussolini 's knowledge and involvement .
The resulting uproar after the Matteotti murder left Mussolini vulnerable , having been forced to dismiss numerous members of their entourage , including General De Bono , Chief of Police and Head of the MVSN . In late July 1924 , the Socialists , Christian democrats and some Liberals began a boycott of Parliament , with the aim of forcing the King to dismiss Mussolini .
The secession
On June 26 , 1924 , around 130 of the Italian opposition deputies ( including members of the Italian People 's Party , Unitary Socialist Party , Italian Socialist Party , Communist Party of Italy , Social Democratic Party , Italian Republican Party , Democratic Liberal Party , and Sardinian Action Party ) met in the Sala della Lupa ( ) of the Palazzo Montecitorio . There , they decided to abandon their parliamentary work since the government had not clarified its position on the disappearance of Giacomo Matteotti .
Giovanni Amendola of the Democratic Liberal Party published the reasoning behind the secession in Il Mondo :
The non-violent opposition to the government was also promoted by socialist deputy Filippo Turati . On 27 June 1924 , they commemorated Matteotti at the Palazzo Montecitorio in front of the other secessionists .
Other than Mussolini 's National Fascist Party , the parties that did not participate in the secession included the Italian Liberal Party , the Peasants ' Party of Italy , and the Lists of Slavs and Germans .
The `` Aventinians '' were mostly against a popular insurrection to depose Mussolini 's government . At the same time , the protesting deputies did not coordinate with the other opponents of fascism that did not join the secession and remained in the Italian parliament . The secessionists believed that , before the fascists ' link to Matteotti 's kidnapping and presumed death became clear , the Italian king would dismiss Mussolini and dissolve the Chamber to call for new elections . None of that happened .
Officer Dumini was arrested on July 12 , 1924 , at the Roma Termini railway station , as they were preparing to leave for the north of Italy and was brought to the Regina Coeli prison . On August 16 , the body of the Matteotti was found in the forest of Quartarella , which agitated the already tense political crisis .
Between August and October 1924 , some Aventinian leaders , including Giovanni Amendola , seemed to share the militant insurrectional line proposed by antifascist group Italia Libera . Italia libera secretly brought to Rome an armed group of several thousand men dubbed the `` Amici del Popolo '' ( ) . In an executive report by the Communist International , Palmiro Togliatti estimated there were 7,000 men in this Roman group , and they believed that around 4,000 could be controlled by Communist infiltrators .
On September 12 , 1924 , the militant communist killed the fascist deputy to avenge Matteotti , which increased the rigidity of the government position . On October 20 , the communist leader Antonio Gramsci proposed that the Aventinian opposition should form an `` anti-parliament '' to signal the great distance between the secessionists and a Parliament composed only of fascists . The proposal was not executed , however .
In the last months of 1924 , Amendola decided to abandon the previous insurrectionary position as too unrealistic . They returned to their initial choice to rely on the support of the king to undermine Mussolini . Through the grand master of the Grand Orient of Italy , , Amendola came into possession of two letters that accused Mussolini as ordering the killing of Matteotti . The first was from , who provided the kidnappers their Lancia Lambda escape vehicle they used to carry away and kill Matteotti . Filipelli accused police officer Amerigo Dumini , politician Cesare Rossi , general Emilio De Bono , and Benito Mussolini themselves for being involved in the killing . They claimed the kidnapping had been organized by the internal political police of the National Fascist Party , the Ceka , which was directed by Rossi . The second letter was written by Rossi himself .
After a meeting together , Torrigiani and Ivanoe Bonomi ( both Masons ) decided that Bonomi , who had free access to the Quirinal Palace , should bring the letters to be seen by Victor Emmanuel III of Italy and convince them to dismiss Mussolini and form a transitional military government . The meeting went ahead at the beginning of November , 1924 , but had no result . The king , in fact , realizing the terrible accusations contained in the letters , handed them back to Bonomi .
On November 8 , on Amendola 's suggestion , a group of the Aventinians created a new , antifascist political party to represent the principles of liberty and democracy—the . The party comprised 11 deputies , 16 ex-deputies , and 11 senators .
Fearing that Vittorio Emanuele III would consider their dismissal , Mussolini pronounced theirs . Through it , they assumed further political , moral , and historical responsibilities . Recalling Article 47 of the statues of the Chamber that foresaw the possibility of a king 's minister being accused by deputies , Mussolini formally asked Parliament to make an indictment against him . However , this could not happen without the Aventinian deputies re-entering the Chamber and at least some votes from the majority of fascists deputies . Still , there was heated discussion of the proposal among the National Fascist Party members .
Outcome
Without the socialists , the vote of no 'confidence ' in Mussolini was a failure . The Aventinian opposition failed to react , both due to the immediate repressions ordered by Mussolini and for its internal divisions . It preferred to pursue changing the public opinion on fascism , rather than re-entering Parliament and fighting as a minority party .
King Victor Emmanuel III was disinclined to invoke further violence from the Fascist squads , and thus allowed Mussolini to keep their position as Prime Minister . The Secession actually aided Mussolini in their consolidation of power by eliminating all meaningful parliamentary opposition and depriving the King of any excuse to dismiss him . With the opposition thus reduced to inaction , Mussolini set about building their fascist state .
In January 1925 , Mussolini declared a de facto dictatorship and started a series of repressive measures designed to destroy opposition . The groups of Italia libera were suppressed between January 3 and 6 of that year . Acting as a high court , the Italian Senate gave a ruling on Emilio De Bono , solicited by Luigi Albertini and other Catholics . The ruling was archived after six months after Filippelli retracted their testimony from March 24 . Cesare Rossi was acquitted and released from prison in December 1925 . On July 20 , Giovanni Amendola was attacked by fascist squads in The Tuscan town of Pieve a Nievole . They never recovered from the attack and died in Cannes in April 1926 .
On January 16 , 1926 , some of the populist and democratic-socialist Members of Parliament entered the Palazzo Montecitorio to assist with the mourning ceremonies for Margherita of Savoy . Shortly after , fascist parliamentarians violently expelled them from the hall . The day after , Mussolini accused the parliamentarians who had been expelled , accusing them of indecency against the queen .
Between March 16 and 24 , the trial against Dumini and other people implicated in Matteotti 's death was held . The judgment closed with three absolutions and three condemnations for pre-meditated homicide ( among them Dumini ) , with sentences of 5 years , 11 months , and 20 days .
In the following days , after the attempted assassination of Mussolini on October 31 , the constitution was suspended and the laws of exceptional , the , were approved . With the king 's decree of November 5 , a , the government approved the reintroduction of the death penalty , as well as the suppression of all antifascist newspapers and periodicals , the institution of police confinement of suspects without evidence , and the creation of a special administrative body , the Tribunale speciale per la difesa dello Stato With the regal decree of November 6 , all Italian political parties , except for the National Fascist Party , were suppressed to quash any public dissent and create the conditions for a dictatorship .
On November 9 , 1926 , the Chamber reopened to ratify the exceptional laws and also to deliberate on the secession of the 123 Aventinian parliamentarians , as well as the dissident journalist .
In the first motion , presented by Roberto Farinacci , debated the Aventinians and their parliamentary secession , excluding the communists who had returned to the hall . Augusto Turati then amended the motion to include the communists as well . Due to the previous regal orders , the only opposition members present were the 6 members belonging to the Giolittiana faction : already , the night before , Antonio Gramsci had been arrested , in violation of the parliamentary immunity still in force . Through the motions , it was declared that the Aventinian secessionists had forfeited their seats in the Chamber .
Socialist Filippo Turati successfully fled to Corsica in December 1926 on a motorboat lead by Italian antifascist Italo Oxilia , with the help of Carlo Rosselli , Ferruccio Parri , Sandro Pertini . In 1932 , they died in exile in Paris . After Gramsci 's arrest , they spent 8 years in a Turin prison .
Among the other Aventinian deputies forced into exile were , Arturo Labriolo , Claudio Treves , Guido Picelli , Ruggero Grieco , Emilio Lussu , Cipriano Facchinetti , Eugenio Chiesa , and . The socialist Giuseppe Romita , the communist , and the republican each spent years in jail . Whoever was not imprisoned had to abandon their political life until the fall of fascism .
After the fascist regime fell , the Constituent Assembly of Italy of the new Italian Republic created the Constitution of Italy on January 1 , 1948 . One article specified the criteria for the `` Senators by right '' of the first legislature . Other than those elected in the Senate of the Kingdom of Italy , the article added those who were `` declared forfeited in the session of the Chamber of November 9 , 1926 . '' As a result , 106 senators were nominated , in addition to the 237 selected in the 1948 Italian general election .
See also
: Category : Italian Aventinian secessionists for partial list
for full list
Conflict of the Orders
Italian antifascism
OVRA
The Assassination of Matteotti
References
Bibliography
Italian Fascism
1924 in Italy
Italian Aventinian secessionists
Anti-fascism in Italy
Kejvi Bardhi ( born 7 August 1996 in Laç ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga .
Controversies
In October 2016 , Bardhi was arrested after they were accused of causing a collision of three cars including a police car on a crossroads between Laç and Fushë Krujë . Bardhi was reportedly driving too fast and the accident left three people injured . In 2017 , they allegedly posted a picture of themselves on social media while driving a car with a gun on their lap .
Personal life
Kejvi is a son of Kurbin mayor Arthur Bardhi .
References
1996 births
Living people
People from Laç
Association football forwards
Albanian footballers
KF Laçi players
KF Elbasani players
Kategoria Superiore players
Yven Rochild Victor Moyo ( born 15 March 1992 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Belgian Division 2 club RE Durbuy . Born in France , they are a former Republic of the Congo international .
Club career
Born in Orléans , France , Moyo began their career at Sochaux . They signed a four-year contract with Newcastle United on 29 September 2010 .
In 2017 , Moyo left Laval . In January 2022 , they joined Belgian club RE Durbuy .
International career
Moyo made their international debut for Congo on 11 November 2011 in a 5–0 victory over São Tomé and Príncipe in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier .
References
External links
Newcastle United profile
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Orléans
French footballers
French sportspeople of Republic of the Congo descent
Association football midfielders
Republic of the Congo footballers
Republic of the Congo international footballers
France youth international footballers
FC Sochaux-Montbéliard players
Newcastle United F.C . players
Stade Lavallois players
Expatriate footballers in England
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Lithuania
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
French expatriate footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in England
French expatriate sportspeople in Albania
French expatriate sportspeople in Lithuania
French expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Black French sportspeople
Asma Arbab Alamgir ( ; born 9 July 1965 ) is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan .
Early life and education
Alamgir was born on 9 July 1965 . They completed their graduation in Law and Economics .
They are wife of Arbab Alamgir Khan .
Political career
Alamgir was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the 2008 Pakistani general election .
In February 2010 , they were made president of the women wing of Pakistan Peoples Party while they were working as provincial coordinator of PPP in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . In April 2010 , they were appointed as Advisor to the Federal Minister of States and Frontier Regions .
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
1965 births
Living people
Arbab Khan family
Ranau is a federal constituency in West Coast Division ( Ranau District ) and Sandakan Division ( Beluran District ) , Sabah , Malaysia , that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004 .
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system .
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 September 2019 , the Ranau constituency has a total of 52 polling districts .
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Sabah federal constituencies
Luka Asatiani ( ; born 22 April 1999 ) is a Georgian footballer who plays as a centre back for FC Rustavi .
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Footballers from Georgia ( country )
Expatriate footballers from Georgia ( country )
Association football defenders
I liga players
Jagiellonia Białystok players
Wigry Suwałki players
Olimpia Zambrów players
FC Metalurgi Rustavi players
Expatriates from Georgia ( country ) in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Poland
The Hennops River is one of the larger rivers that drains Gauteng , South Africa . It has its source near Kempton Park , east of Johannesburg and meets the Crocodile River ( Limpopo ) shortly before Hartbeespoort Dam . It is one of Gauteng 's most polluted rivers .
Course
The Hennops River starts in Terenure , Kempton Park , and flows in a northerly direction towards Tembisa township . It then flows past Olifantsfontein and meets the Sesmyl Spruit which flows out of the Rietvlei Dam . The river then turns north-west flowing through the centre of Centurion . The river continues in this direction flowing through the foothills of the Magaliesberg before flowing into the Crocodile River ( Limpopo ) on its right bank near the Hartbeespoort Dam .
Dams
The Rietvlei Dam , which provides water to City of Tshwane , as well as numerous farm dams are situated in the Hennops River Basin . Lake Centurion as well as numerous weirs are situated on the river .
Pollution
The Hennops River is one of Gauteng 's heavily polluted rivers . Insufficient and poorly-maintained sanitation facilities in Tembisa , Ivory Park , Olifantsfontein and Erasmia have turned the river into an open sewer . AfriForum gathered water samples from the Hennops River and according to the results‚ more than 1 000 000 units of the indicator microbe Escherichia coli were present per 100 ml of water . The health risk is high for people coming into full or partial contact with water having more than 2000 colony forming units per 100 ml . Untreated or partially treated sewage also contains high concentrations of phosphate and nitrate , which contribute to the eutrophication problems in Hartbeespoort Dam . In 2020 the FRESH NGO installed litter traps at Clayville township in Tembisa , and locals were employed to remove the waste which soon accumulated .
Tourist attractions
The valley of the river is a weekend and holiday destination for residents of the nearby cities . The banks of the Hennops are a popular location for hiking , fishing , camping , and picnicking . It is crossed by two small suspension bridges , one at Centurion Mall , and the other at Hennops Pride . There are also resorts and a 4x4 trail .
See also
Magaliesberg
References
External links
Natural and anthropogenic influences on water quality : an example from rivers draining the Johannesburg Granite Dome
Tourist Attractions near Hennops River , Gauteng , South Africa
Hennops Off-road Trail - Drive Out
Crocodile River ( Limpopo )
Rivers of South Africa
Rivers of Gauteng
`` Rebelde '' ( English : `` Rebel '' ) is a song recorded by the Mexican pop group RBD . It was released as the first single off their debut album Rebelde in 2004 . `` Rebelde '' became 2005 's major hit in Mexico and was the song which started the band 's successful career . The single is widely considered to be the group 's signature song since RBD is short for Rebelde .
The song was used extensively in the soap opera Rebelde during its first season .
Music video
RBD along with some cast members from Rebelde arrive at a house for an exclusive party . Throughout the video , the different cast members and RBD party throughout the house ; the group is also seen singing on a stage while performing some choreographed dance moves . They keep rebelling throughout the video even though their parents are around . At the end of the video they are led into the woods by a man to take away their sins .
Versions
Release Dates
Chart performance
The song gave the band recognition , but ultimately peaked at # 37 on Billboard 's Top 50 Latin Songs , while `` Solo Quédate en Silencio , '' the band 's next single , peaked at # 2 and stayed there for over a month .
In 2008 , `` Rebelde '' was certificated Gold in Brasil .
Certifications
Awards and nominations
References
2004 debut singles
RBD songs
Spanish-language songs
2004 songs
EMI Records singles
Songs written by DJ Kafka
Songs written by Max di Carlo
Song recordings produced by Armando Ávila
The Guardian Angel ( ) is a Canadian-French coproduced romantic comedy film , directed by Jacques Fournier and released in 1978 . The film was most noted for casting Margaret Trudeau , soon after their separation from Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau , in a starring role ; it was actually their second performance in a film , but the first to premiere commercially .
The film centres on Annie ( Trudeau ) , the Canadian wife of wealthy business person André Roussel ( André Falcon ) , who is sent by their husband on a vacation in the French Riviera . Them husband sends private detective Aldo ( Francis Lemaire ) to follow them as they suspect them of infidelity ; however , Annie and Aldo themselves begin a romantic relationship with each other .
The film was not well received by critics , with many focusing in particular on Trudeau 's acting skills . As Trudeau was not fluent in French , the film was written so that they spoke their lines in English and was then overdubbed by another actor . Even Peter Towe , Canada 's ambassador to the United States , was quoted by the press as criticizing Trudeau 's performance skills , although they later claimed to have been misquoted and expressed their `` tremendous sympathy for anyone trying two new things—acting and speaking French . ''
References
External links
1978 films
Canadian romantic comedy films
French romantic comedy films
Films set on the French Riviera
French-language Canadian films
1970s Canadian films
1970s French films
Marco Marchionni ( ; born 22 July 1980 ) is an Italian professional football coach and former Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
A versatile player , they were capable of playing in several midfield positions , and has been deployed as a right winger , as an attacking midfielder , and even as a central midfielder in their later career . A right-footed player , their main attributes are their pace , technique , and dribbling skills , as well as their crossing and playmaking ability , which make them an effective assist provider .
Club career
Early career
They began their professional career with Empoli F.C . in 1998 , from CND team Monterotondo ; they won the Torneo di Viareggio in 2000 with the youth side . They spent three seasons at the club only to leave the team for Parma in 2001 , where they won the 2001–02 Coppa Italia , though they only played in the first leg of the final . They played little during their first two years at Parma , and was loaned to Italian club Piacenza for the second half of the 2002–03 season , in order to get more playing time , experience , and increase their skills . Their performances were convincing enough that they were recalled back to Parma and included in the first team for the 2003–04 season .
In 2003–04 , under Cesare Prandelli , who was renowned for their affinity for young players , Marchionni blossomed under their guidance . That season Marchionni become a revelation in the league and made their career breakthrough , with 35 games played and 6 goals scored in Serie A and UEFA Cup . Their performances earned them their first call-up with the Italian senior side .
The following season was also a positive one , with 32 games played and 6 goals scored . The 2005–06 season was by far Marchionni 's best with Parma : they gave great contributions to the team 's gameplay , including many assists and many instances of `` playmaking '' . They finished the season with 31 appearances and 4 goals , helping Parma avoid relegation . Their talent and relatively young age attracted the keen eyes of the Juventus scouts , and the team did not delay in signing them from Parma . Marchionni joined their new team on free transfer in June 2006 .
Juventus
In 2006–07 , Marchionni agreed to play with Juventus in Serie B , and under manager Didier Deschamps , they immediately helped their team to win the title , and gain Serie A promotion that season ; their performances enabled them to be recalled to the national side .
During the 2007–08 season , their second with Juventus , which saw Juventus compete in Serie A once again , Marchionni suffered an injury-filled season , keeping them off the pitch for most of the season . They only managed to start one game , but played a total of eleven league matches , scoring one goal .
During the pre-season to the 2008–09 Serie A campaign , Marchionni was in excellent form playing in all of the friendly tournaments and matches . They stated that they hoped to continue their form , and remain injury free for the season 's Champions League , Serie A , and Coppa Italia with Juventus .
In the 2008–09 Serie A campaign , they had been quickly introduced into the Juventus squad as the club 's first choice winger Mauro Camoranesi was ruled out to injury problems . They handled this brilliantly with a handful of great performances , including the match against A.S. Roma where they scored a goal .
Fiorentina
On 6 July 2009 , ACF Fiorentina agreed terms with Juventus to buy Marchionni , subject to personal terms .
On 15 July 2009 , Marchionni signed a contract with ACF Fiorentina after having spent three years with Juventus , making a total of 78 appearances and 7 goals in all competitions . They were part of a 'swap plus cash ' deal that saw midfielder Felipe Melo go the other way to Turin . Marchionni joined Cesare Prandelli , their former coach at Parma , and former Parma teammates Sébastien Frey , Marco Donadel , Alberto Gilardino and Adrian Mutu for the 2009–10 season . They scored their first goal for the Viola against Genoa in a 2–1 defeat on 28 October 2009 , repeating this step the following week with a brace against Catania in a 3–1 win and another goal in the next UEFA Champions League encounter against Debreceni .
Parma
On 14 September 2012 , Marchionni rejoined Parma on a free transfer after being released by Fiorentina earlier in the summer .
Sampdoria
On 27 August 2014 Marchionni joined U.C . Sampdoria , while Andrea Costa moved in the opposite direction .
Latina
On 31 August 2015 Sampdoria sold Marchionni to U.S. Latina Calcio for free , as part of the deal that Antonio Di Nardo moved to Sampdoria for €1 million , net of VAT .
International career
Marchionni was a member of the Italy U21 team between 2000 and 2002 , and made 18 appearances for the side in total , scoring two goals . They were called up for the 2002 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship under Claudio Gentile , forming the Italian midfield with Matteo Brighi , Andrea Pirlo and Manuele Blasi , as they reached the semi-finals .
Marchionni made their senior debut for the Italian national football team on 12 November 2003 , under Giovanni Trapattoni , in a 3–1 friendly defeat to Poland in Warsaw . In the 2006 FIFA World Cup they were one of the four backup players for the 23-men main squad to step in for any possible injuries . However , they did not take part in the final tournament under Marcello Lippi , and thus never received a winners medal .
Despite playing in Serie B with Juventus during the 2006–07 season , they received another call-up to Italian national team in September 2006 , where they won their third cap under Roberto Donadoni in a 1–1 home draw against Lithuania in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match on 2 September . On 30 August 2009 , they were called up again by Lippi after a three-year absence from the Italian national side , taking part in Italy 's 2–0 away win against Georgia on 5 September , in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying match . In total , they obtained 6 caps for Italy between 2003 and 2009 .
Coaching career
After retiring as a player , Marchionni agreed to stay at Carrarese , becoming the assistant to head coach Silvio Baldini . In October 2020 they became the head coach of Foggia .
On 11 September 2021 , they were hired by Novara in Serie D. On their first season in charge , they won the Group A title , thus immediately leading Novara back to Serie C .
After working with Novara during the pre-season , on 18 August 2022 Marchionni parted ways with the club .
Career statistics
International
Honours
Player
Parma
Coppa Italia : 2001–02
Juventus
Serie B : 2006–07
Manager
Novara
Serie D : 2021–22 ( Group A )
References
External links
Career statistics on aic.football.it
1980 births
Living people
People from Monterotondo
Footballers from Lazio
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Italy international footballers
Association football wingers
Empoli F.C . players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Piacenza Calcio 1919 players
Juventus F.C . players
ACF Fiorentina players
U.C . Sampdoria players
Latina Calcio 1932 players
Carrarese Calcio players
Pol . Monterotondo Lupa players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Italian football managers
Calcio Foggia 1920 managers
Novara F.C . managers
Serie C managers
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital
Aspasia : The International Yearbook of Central , Eastern , and Southeastern European Women 's and Gender History is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on women 's and gender history in central , eastern , and southeastern Europe . Aspasia was founded in 2006 by Francisca de Haan at the Gender Studies Department of the Central European University . In the first decade of its existence , the yearbook has become an important outlet for feminist research conducted by scholars from Central and Eastern Europe . In addition to original research articles , the yearbook publishes forums on topics related to women 's and gender history , as well as numerous English book reviews of texts published in the languages of Central and Eastern Europe .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is indexed and abstracted in :
External links
Gender studies journals
History journals
Publications established in 2007
English-language journals
Annual journals
Berghahn Books academic journals
Cleveland Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County , Missouri , USA . As of the 2010 census , its population was 742 .
History
Cleveland Township was created sometime between 1883 and 1897 from the northern sector Bourbon Township as previously defined , and named after President Grover Cleveland .
As can be seen from the 1930 map of Callaway townships , at some point after 1930 the southeastern corner of Cleveland Township reverted to become part of Bourbon Township again . Its boundaries are illustrated in the maps linked below .
Geography
Cleveland Township covers an area of and contains the historic unincorporated settlements of Stephens and Younger , plus rural homes , but no incorporated settlements as of 2018 . Its western boundary is Cedar Creek , with Boone County beyond it . The township contains four cemeteries : Allen , Oak , Simpson and Youngers , and the stream of Manacle Creek runs through this township .
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System ( GNIS )
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
( Map of Callaway County in 1930 , on the last photocopied page of this atlas ) : http : //cdm16795.contentdm.oclc.org/cdm/ref/collection/moplatbooks/id/656
( Map of Callaway County in 1876 , prior to the creation of Cleveland Township , on 2nd page of this atlas :
http : //digital.shsmo.org/cdm/ref/collection/plat/id/6022
Townships in Callaway County , Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
Faretta Radic is a Croatian fashion model . They were scouted in their home town in Croatia , when they were 17 years old , later that when they finished the Medical high school they started working as a professional model .
Career
Faretta ( who works mononymously ) debuted as a Givenchy exclusive in 2016 , in addition to opening for Victoria Beckham , Roberto Cavalli , Mugler , and closing Chloé ; they also walked for designers including Saint Laurent , Céline , Miu Miu , Alexander McQueen , Chanel , Dior , Alberta Ferretti , Isabel Marant , Marc Jacobs , Versace , Prada , Alexander Wang , Michael Kors , Valentino , Fendi , and Ralph Lauren . W magazine chose them as one of the 15 breakout models of the spring 2017 fashion week , while Vogue stated , `` It 's rare for a model to have the total package of a powerful walk , commanding presence , and next-level beauty , but somehow Faretta managed it . ''
Faretta has been the face of Ralph Lauren , and brands like Blumarine , Salvatore Ferragamo , Valentino , Zara , Lanvin , and Miu Miu .
They have appeared on the cover of Vogue Russia , Vogue Japan , British Vogue , Vogue Spain , and Vogue Germany . They have also appeared in W , Vogue , Vogue Italia , Vogue Paris , Harper 's Bazaar , and V .
Videography
References
Living people
Croatian female models
People from Trogir
The Society Management models
1998 births
Elite Model Management models
Kamp Glacier ( ) is a glacier , long , flowing northwest between the Austkampane Hills on the west and Nordhaugen Hill , Mehaugen Hill and Sørhaugen Hill on the east , in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica . It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers in 1957 from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump , 1946–47 , and named Kampbreen ( the crag glacier ) .
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Queen Maud Land
Princess Ragnhild Coast
Elizabeth Weber ( born June 18 , 1923 ) is the pen-name of Elizabeth Marais ( née Elizabeth Olivier ) . They flourished during a short , intense period of high-quality literary production in Afrikaans between the years 1949 and 1952 ( see Bibliography below ) , after which , apart from translations of children 's literature from English into Afrikaans , and nursery stories in Afrikaans published sometime thereafter , they disappeared from public view .
Biography
They were born on June 18 , 1923 in Germiston , a small city on the East Rand , to the east of Johannesburg . They matriculated in 1939 from the local English high school , and thereafter took the BA degree at the University of the Witwatersrand with Afrikaans , English and Classics as majors . After a year at a teachers ' training college , they taught Afrikaans until the end of 1947 , when they left to work in radio-broadcasting at the Afrikaans Language section of the BBC in London . After a three-year stay abroad , they returned to Johannesburg to an office job with a publisher and book distribution organization , probably the now defunct APB ( Afrikaans Pers-Boekhandel ) whose headquarters were at 769 Joubert Street in Johannesburg , South Africa . Significantly , the author published their entire oeuvre through APB . They then returned to teaching , after which nothing more is recorded of their work or whereabouts .
They married Mr. Sarel Marais , and had two sons of that union . They also had one brother , the Reverend Phil Olivier of Cape Town , who was also an author , and a younger sister , who dedicated their life to music .
They received honourable mention from the scions of Afrikaans literary critique , Nienaber , Senekal , and Bothma , who , writing in the early 1950s , stated , “ ... amongst the many writers ( especially authores ) in the field of complex love relationships , Elizabeth Weber , with their understanding of how complex relationships develop , and their gift for being able to express ‘ the relative ' in human relations , has produced substantive literary material ... ” .
Waar is died liefde ?
Possibly their most acclaimed work , Waar is died liefde ? was published in 1950 by APB in their Môrester series . The novel has , as mise-en-scène , the private cabins and decks of a liner en route from Cape Town to England where happenstance and fate all play havoc with a marriage under stress . As a book critic of the now-defunct newspaper , Die Vaderland , wrote , “ What the author offers here is presumably the reworking of a trip that they themselves had made . It is clear that Elizabeth Weber has a pair of wide-awake , wide-open eyes . They have the ability to rapidly distil and process their observations , and then , in elegant style , to express them . The density of the language , the torrent of delicate and fine observations , the aura of sense , feeling and sentiments , and the angst of self-awareness in their writing are all reminiscent of the style and intent of Marcel Proust in Remembrance of Things Past '' .
Bibliography
Novels
Weber , E. ( 1949 ) . Die wëe van haar liefde . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel )
Weber , E. ( 1950 ) . Waar is died liefde ? Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
Weber , E. ( 1951 ) . En toe het jy gekom . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
Weber , E. ( 1952 ) . Ons jaag skimme na . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
Compilation of short stories
Weber , E. ( 1952 ) . Die hart van ‘ n vrou . Leesgenotreeks Nr . 3 . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) :
`` Die ontmoeting . '' pp . 5-21 .
`` Willempie . '' pp . 21-31
`` Die verduideliking . '' pp . 32-42
[ missing information . pp . 42-54 ]
`` Tannie Louise . '' pp . 54-68
Translations of children 's literature
Weber , E. ( 19- ? ) . Black Beauty . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
Weber , E. ( 19- ? ) . Robinson Crusoe . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
Weber , E. ( 1957 ) . Die verhaal van Hiawatha . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse P-Boekhandel ) .
Children 's nursery tales
Weber , E. ( 19- ? ) . Sprokies . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
Weber , E. ( 19- ? ) . Tyd om te speel . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
Weber , E. ( 19- ? ) . Hokus Pokus . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
Weber , E. ( 19- ? ) . Veels geluk , Hettie . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
Weber , E. ( 19- ? ) . My oulike baba . Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
Weber , E. ( 19- ? ) . My sprokie-teater . '' Johannesburg : APB ( Afrikaanse Pers-Boekhandel ) .
References
1923 births
Possibly living people
Afrikaans-language writers
Afrikaner people
People from Germiston
South African women writers
Translators to Afrikaans
KBTB may refer to :
KVPP , a radio station ( 88.9 FM ) licensed to serve Pago Pago , American Samoa , which held the call sign KBTB from 2011 to 2014
KKVM , a radio station ( 104.7 FM ) licensed to serve Vail , Colorado , United States , which held the call sign KBTB from 2009 to 2011
A galley is a ship or boat primarily powered by multiple sets of oars .
Galley may also refer to :
Nautical uses
birlinn or Highland galley , a ship of medieval Scotland
A larger type of Gig ( boat ) , a ship 's boat
galley slave , a slave rowing in a galley
Galley ( kitchen ) , the kitchen of a ship or boat ( also airplane or rail passenger car )
other uses
Galley ( kitchen ) , the kitchen of a rail passenger car , ship or an airplane
Galley ( surname )
Galley ( heraldry ) or lymphad , a charge
Galley division , a mathematical technique
Galley Museum , a museum in Tasmania
Galley proof , a preliminary version of a publication
See also
Galija , a Serbian rock band
NetGalley , a web site aimed towards the distribution of digital galley proofs of books
Galle ( disambiguation )
Galli ( disambiguation )
Gally ( disambiguation )
Hamed Halbouni ( ; born 1 January 1967 ) is a Syrian boxer . They competed in the men 's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Syrian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Syria
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Damascus
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Syria
Mediterranean Games medalists in boxing
Competitors at the 1987 Mediterranean Games
Flyweight boxers
Price Sanond Limited ( also known as `` PriceSanond '' ) is an internationally oriented law firm based in Bangkok , serving a broad range of multinational corporations having business operations in Thailand .
The firm was founded in 1969 by Harvey Price , an American lawyer who had come to Thailand in 1962 serving in the U.S. Peace Corps , Group 1 , and PriceSanond is thus one of Thailand 's oldest law firms .
The firm practiced under the name of `` Price Sanond Prabhas & Wynne '' until 1991 , when it became associated with the U.S. law firm of `` Graham & James '' and the Hong Kong law firm of `` Deacons '' and changed its name to `` Deacons Graham & James . ''
In 1992 , the firm in Bangkok expanded its international network by becoming associated with the Australian law firm of `` Sly & Weigall '' ( which also became part of `` Deacons Graham & James '' ) .
The alliance between Deacons and Graham & James dissolved in June 2000 , with Deacons backing out due to Graham & James 's failure to commit resources to Asia and dwindling position in US law firm rankings . During that time , Price Sanond remained associated with and practiced under the name Deacons until end of 2011 when it reverted to the old name ( two years after Deacons Australia joined Norton Rose ) .
Mr. Price served for many years as the firm 's managing partner , and is now retired . Andrew Wynne , the current Managing Partner , came to Thailand in 1971 , and has been with the firm since 1977 .
References
Law firms of Thailand
No . 16 Squadron Indian Air Force ( Black Cobras ) , is a counter-air and interdiction unit , operating out of the Indian Air Force station in Gorakhpur .
In 2001 , the squadron was operating SEPECAT Jaguar IS and IB fighter jets . The squadron started using them in October 1986 , and was still using them as of 2001 .
History
16 Squadrons of the Indian Air Force was formed at Pune in 1950 , with six Supermarine Spitfires , and one Hawker Tempest . They served as a bomber squadron of the Western Air Command .
The squadron was re-equipped in 1954 , with B-24 Liberators . Its role was also changed to heavy bombing . In 1957 , the squadron received English Electric Canberras , and was moved to Kalaikunda . In October–December 1986 , the squadron was re-equipped with SEPECAT Jaguars , which are deep penetration strike aircraft . The squadron 's current roles are identified as counter-air and interdiction .
Use in combat
The squadron entered battle for the first time during the annexation of Goa , where it flew bombing raids against Dabolim Airfield . The squadron also flew a few raids in Diu .
During the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 , the squadron flew several sorties and strike missions .
During the War of 1971 , the squadron was involved in many missions under the command of Commander P. Gautam ( MVC , Bar to VM ) .
Aircraft
Aircraft types operated by the squadron
Awards
Wg Cdr Padmanabha Gautam GDP , MVC
JWO Kuthukallunkal Krishnan Raju Eng/Fit , CAS Commendation
References
016
Military units and formations established in 1950
Jimmy Collinson ( 1876 - March 1940 ) was an English footballer . They were born in Prestwich . Originally a full back with the reserves of Newton Heath . Later had more success as a goalscoring inside forward . Their debut came on 16 November 1895 against Lincoln City . They scored 17 goals in 71 league and cup appearances for Newton Heath .
References
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1876 births
People from Prestwich
English footballers
Manchester United F.C . players
1940 deaths
Association football fullbacks
Association football inside forwards
Prescot Town Council is the town council for the town and civil parish of Prescot in Knowsley . The Town Council has existed in its current form since the Local Elections of May 1983 .
Wards and Councillors
References
Parish councils of England
Local precepting authorities in England
Local government in the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley
The Santa Catalina de Siena Parish Church , commonly referred to as Bambang Church , is an 18th-century , Baroque church located at Brgy . Buag , Bambang , Nueva Vizcaya , Philippines . The parish church , dedicated to Saint Catherine of Siena , is under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bayombong .
Parish history
Christianity had its origins in Bambang when the Dominicans , led by Father Tomas Gutierrez , established the mission called Ytuy in 1609 to convert and serve the local tribe called Isinay . The present-day towns of Bambang , Bayombong , Aritao , and Kayapa comprised the said mission . Bambang , then called San Bernardo , was officially created as a town on July 5 , 1747 . The Dominicans established their convent in Bambang in 1751 with Father Cristobal Rodriguez as its first vicar . Years later , the construction of the present church started . In 1772 , the construction of the church commenced under Father Domingo Caro , OP . The church was completed before the turn of the century , in 1791 . The remains of a certain Rosa de Santa Maria is recorded to have been interred in the church , under one of the side altarpieces dedicated to Our Lady of the Most Holy Rosary . Rosa de Santa Maria , an Igorot woman , is one of the two native Filipina `` flowers of sanctity '' .
Architecture
The church façade has been described as `` nearly identical '' to the façade of the Dupax del Sur Church , save for a few differences with regards to its details such as the absence of the blind windows on the first level , a slightly steeper pediment , and the presence of clay insets adorning oculus on the third level . A concrete canopy covering the main portal is a later addition into the structure . The four level bell tower is also very similar to that of the Dupax del Sur Church except for the plainer , plastered look and more pronounced cornices marking the boundaries of each level . Clay insets bearing the years 1775 and 1779 suggests the dates when the belfry level was completed .
References
External links
Roman Catholic churches in Nueva Vizcaya
Spanish Colonial architecture in the Philippines
Baroque architecture in the Philippines
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1791
Dominican churches in the Philippines
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the Philippines
John Patrick Coughlin ( December 1 , 1985 – January 18 , 2019 ) was an American pair skater . With Caydee Denney , they were the 2012 Four Continents silver medalist and 2012 U.S. national champion . With previous partner Caitlin Yankowskas , they were the 2011 U.S. champion . Coughlin died by suicide , one day after the United States Center for SafeSport announced Coughlin would face an interim suspension over unspecified allegations .
Early life and family
Coughlin was born in Kansas City , Missouri . They were the son of a third-generation police officer . Their mother , Stacy , died in February 2010 due to a chronic illness . They had a sister , Angela Laune .
Career
Early years
Coughlin began skating at the age of six . Early in their career , Coughlin competed with Krista Smith , Kelsey Parker , and Lucy Galleher . They teamed up with Bridget Namiotka in late 2004 . They were the 2006 junior national silver medalists . They announced the end of their partnership on July 3 , 2007 .
Partnership with Yankowskas
Dalilah Sappenfield suggested Caitlin Yankowskas as a potential partner and they had a tryout in early August 2007 . Yankowskas/Coughlin trained under Sappenfield in Colorado Springs , Colorado . They placed sixth at the 2008 U.S. Championships and made their Grand Prix debut at the 2008 Skate America .
During the 2010–11 season , their Ave Maria long program was a tribute to Coughlin 's mother who died in February 2010 . They finished fourth at 2010 NHK Trophy and won the first Grand Prix medal , bronze , at Cup of China . At the 2011 U.S. Nationals , they placed first in the short program and then won the free program to earn their first national title .
In April 2011 , Yankowskas/Coughlin placed sixth in their debut at the World Championships . It was the best result by an American pair since 2006 . On May 4 , however , the pair announced that their partnership had ended .
Partnership with Denney
2011–2012 season
On May 17 , 2011 , Coughlin announced that they had teamed up with Caydee Denney . They trained under coach Sappenfield at the Broadmoor Skating Club in Colorado Springs . Denney and Coughlin had a height differential of 14 inches ( 36 cm ) . They made their competitive debut at the Liberty Summer competition in July 2011 , winning the short program . At the Nebelhorn Trophy they won the bronze medal . They were assigned to the 2011 Skate America and 2011 NHK Trophy , where they placed fourth and fifth respectively .
Denney/Coughlin went on to win the 2012 US Championships and were assigned to Four Continents and Worlds . They won the silver medal at the 2012 Four Continents and placed eighth at 2012 Worlds .
2012–2013 season
Denney/Coughlin made their season debut at the 2012 Nebelhorn Trophy , winning the silver medal . They won bronze medals at both of their Grand Prix assignments , the 2012 Skate America and the 2012 Rostelecom Cup . On December 4 , 2012 , Coughlin underwent surgery to repair a torn labrum in their left hip . As a result , the pair missed the 2013 U.S. Championships but they submitted a petition to be considered for the U.S. team to the 2013 World Championships . They were named in the U.S. team to the event but decided not to compete . Coughlin was off the ice for about nine weeks .
2013–2014 season
Denney/Coughlin won silver at the 2013 U.S. Classic , placed fourth at the 2013 Skate America , and won bronze at the 2013 Trophée Eric Bompard . They took the bronze medal at the 2014 U.S. Championships , finishing behind champions Marissa Castelli / Simon Shnapir and silver medalists Felicia Zhang / Nathan Bartholomay , whose total score was greater by 0.29 of a point . Denney/Coughlin did not receive one of the two American spots in the pairs ' event at the 2014 Winter Olympics but were assigned to the 2014 World Championships . They withdrew due to Denney 's right ankle injury , sustained in practice on March 19 . Denney was expected to return to training after eight to twelve weeks . In June 2014 , the pair stated they would not compete in the 2014–15 season .
Sexual assault allegations , skating suspension , and death
Coughlin was found dead from suicide by hanging on January 18 , 2019 , one day after being suspended from figure skating for unspecified allegations . On December 17 , 2018 , the United States Center for SafeSport listed their name with the note `` Interim Measure – Restriction '' , following allegations that Coughlin denied . They subsequently resigned as U.S. brand manager for John Wilson Blades . On January 17 , 2019 , after SafeSport had changed Coughlin 's status to `` interim suspension '' , U.S . Figure Skating suspended him . The following afternoon , police were dispatched to their father 's home in Kansas City following a report of a suicide . The department confirmed Coughlin 's manner of death to be suicide . The incident report stated that they hanged himself .
In February 2019 , SafeSport closed the investigation , saying that `` [ the Center ] can not advance an investigation when no potential threat exists . ''
In May 2019 , in a Facebook post , former skating partner Bridget Namiotka accused Coughlin of sexually abusing them over a period of two years during the mid-2000s . They had skated with them while they were between the ages of 14 and 17 . They were four years older than they are .
In July 2019 , former US ladies ' champion and World silver medalist Ashley Wagner reported that Coughlin had sexually assaulted them in 2008 at a US national team training camp .
In December 2019 , former US skater Melissa Bulanhagui accused Coughlin of grooming them and other underage skaters at the rink where they both trained . Bulanhagui was between the ages of 14 and 18 at the time and Coughlin was five years their senior .
Programs
With Denney
With Yankowskas
With Namiotka
Competitive highlights
With Denney
With Yankowskas
With Namiotka
With Galleher
Men 's singles
References
External links
1985 births
2019 deaths
Sportspeople from Kansas City , Missouri
American male pair skaters
Four Continents Figure Skating Championships medalists
Suicides by hanging in Missouri
2019 suicides
Neath Abbey railway station served the town of Neath , in the historical county of Glamorganshire , Wales , from 1863 to 1936 on the Vale of Neath Railway .
History
The station was opened on 1 August 1863 by the Great Western Railway . It closed on 1 March 1873 but reopened on 1 October 1880 , before closing permanently on 28 September 1936 .
References
Disused railway stations in Neath Port Talbot
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1863
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1936
1863 establishments in Wales
1936 disestablishments in Wales
Former Great Western Railway stations
The third competition weekend of the 2019–20 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was held at the Alau Ice Palace in Nur-Sultan , Kazakhstan , from Friday , 6 December , until Sunday , 8 December 2019 .
Medal summary
Men 's events
Women 's events
References
3
ISU World Cup , 2019-20 , 3
2019 in Kazakhstani sport
ISU
The Passenger in Compartment Seven ( German : Der Passagier von Nr . 7 ) is a 1922 German silent film directed by Willy Zeyn and starring Max Landa and Hanni Weisse .
Cast
Max Landa
Hanni Weisse
Karl Platen
Max Grünberg
References
Bibliography
Grange , William . Cultural Chronicle of the Weimar Republic . Scarecrow Press , 2008 .
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Willy Zeyn
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
The United States government applies sanctions against the Chinese government , key members of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , certain companies linked to the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) and others connected to human rights abuses . The US maintained embargoes against China from the inception of the People 's Republic of China in 1949 until 1972 . An embargo was reimposed by the US following the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre . From 2020 onward , the US imposed sanctions and visa restrictions against several Chinese government officials and companies , in response to allegations of a genocide against the Uyghur population in Xinjiang and human rights abuses in Hong Kong and Tibet .
Sanctions in the early PRC ( 1949–1979 )
After the establishment of Communist rule in China in 1949 , an embargo against the sale of military technology or infrastructure , previously levied against the Soviet Union , was expanded to include the newly established People 's Republic of China . Following the onset of the Korean War , further trade restrictions were imposed . The trade embargo was lifted under President Richard Nixon in 1972 right before the opening of China and establishment of official relations .
Sanctions after the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre
Following the Tiananmen Square Massacre in 1989 , the Bush Sr. administration imposed an arms embargo against the PRC after the massacre of the protesters .
Ban of Huawei and ZTE equipment
In August 2018 , President Trump signed the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( NDAA 2019 ) banned Huawei and ZTE equipment from being used by the U.S. federal government , citing security concerns .
In addition , on 15 May 2019 , the Department of Commerce added Huawei and 70 foreign subsidiaries and `` affiliates '' to its Entity List under the Export Administration Regulations , citing the company having been indicted for `` knowingly and willfully causing the export , re-export , sale and supply , directly and indirectly , of goods , technology and services ( banking and other financial services ) from the United States to Iran and the government of Iran without obtaining a license from the Department of Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) '' . This restricts U.S. companies from doing business with Huawei without a government license . Various U.S.-based companies immediately froze their business with Huawei to comply with the regulation .
Currency manipulator
In August 2019 , the United States Treasury designated China a currency manipulator , which resulted in China being excluded from U.S. government procurement contracts . The designation was withdrawn in January 2020 after China agreed to refrain from devaluing its currency to make its own goods cheaper for foreign buyers .
Sanctions under Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act
On July 9 , 2020 , the Trump administration imposed sanctions and visa restrictions against senior Chinese officials , including CCP Politburo member Chen Quanguo , Zhu Hailun , Wang Mingshan ( ) and Huo Liujun ( ) . With sanctions , they and their immediate relatives are barred from entering the US and will have US-based assets frozen .
Sanctions under Hong Kong Autonomy Act
In August 2020 , Chief Executive Carrie Lam and ten other Hong Kong government officials were sanctioned by the United States Department of the Treasury under an executive order by President Trump for undermining Hong Kong 's autonomy . The sanction is based on the Hong Kong Autonomy Act and Lam would be listed in the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List .
On December 7 , 2020 , pursuant to the order , the US Department of the Treasury imposed sanctions on entire 14 Vice Chairpersons of the National People 's Congress of China , for `` undermining Hong Kong 's autonomy and restricting the freedom of expression or assembly '' .
Prohibition of investment in companies linked to China 's military
On November 12 , 2020 , President Donald Trump signed Executive Order 13959 , titled `` Addressing the Threat From Securities Investments That Finance Communist Chinese Military Companies '' . The executive order prohibits all U.S. investors ( institutional and retail investors alike ) from purchasing or investing in securities of companies identified by the U.S. Department of Defense as `` Communist Chinese military companies . '' As of January 14 , 2021 , 44 Chinese companies were identified . Five of these companies are to be delisted by the New York Stock Exchange by March 2021 . On January 13 , 2021 , the executive order was amended to require divestment from the companies by November 11 , 2021 .
2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
In June 2022 , the United States Department of Commerce placed five Hong Kong companies on the Entity List for providing support to Russia 's military . In September 2022 , the Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctioned Sinno Electronics of Shenzhen for supplying a Russian military procurement network .
See also
United States foreign policy toward the People 's Republic of China
United States sanctions
China–United States relations
Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act
China–United States trade war
References
China
China–United States relations
2020 in international relations
2020 in economics
Geopolitical rivalry
Anti-communism in the United States
St. Joseph Parish - originally established in 1905 for Polish immigrants in Rockville , Connecticut , United States . St. Joseph church has been a multi-ethnic parish since the 1950s under Fr . Hyacinth Lepak ( 1949–1975 ) and continues to be a diversely ethnic American parish community . ( See `` History '' link at www.stjosephct.org for additional background ) .
Visit St. Joseph Church on your tablet or phone for more parish community news and resources .
Pastors
Rev . Charles Wotypka ( 1905–1908 )
Rev . Joseph Culkowski ( 1908–1909 )
Rev . Maximilian Soltysek ( 1909–1917 )
Rev . Leon Wierzynski ( 1917–1918 )
Rev . Franciszek Wladasz ( 1918–1922 )
Rev . Stefan Bartkowski ( 1922–1927 )
Rev . Zygmunt Woroniecki ( 1927–1949 )
Rev . Hyacinth Lepak ( 1949–1975 )
Rev . Aloysius Kisluk ( 1975–1988 )
Rev . Joseph Hanks ( 1988–1994 )
Rev . Joseph M. Olczak ( 1994–2008 )
Fr . Krzysztof Wieliczko O.S.P.P.E . ( 2008–2010 )
Fr . Krzysztof Drybka O.S.P.P.E . ( 2010- 2021 )
Fr . Bogdan Olzacki O.S.P.P.E . ( 2016- 2021 )
Rev . Tadeusz Zadorozny ( 2021-present )
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Joseph - Diocesan information
St. Joseph - ParishesOnline.com
Diocese of Norwich
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Norwich
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Rockville , Connecticut
Churches in Tolland County , Connecticut
`` Seven Against the Wall '' is an episode of the American anthology series Playhouse 90 . It was about the Saint Valentine 's Day Massacre .
Cast
Paul Lambert as Al Capone
Dennis Patrick as George 'Bugs ' Moran
Frank Silvera as Nick Sorrello
Paul Stevens as Jack 'Machine Gun Jack ' McGurn
Dennis Cross as Pete 'Goosey ' Gusenberg
Barry Cahill as Frank 'Tight Lips ' Gusenberg
Richard Carlyle as Reinhardt Schwimmer
Al Ruscio as Albert 'Gorilla Al ' Weinshank
George Keymas as James Clark
Milton Frome as Adam Heyer
Wayne Heffley as John May
Nesdon Booth as Mike 'The Pike ' Heitler
Joe de Santis as Charlie 'Trigger Happy ' Fischetti
Tige Andrews as Frank 'The Enforcer ' Nitti
Lewis Charles as Jake 'Greasy Thumb ' Guzik
Paul Burke as Paul Salvanti
Don Gordon as 'Bobo ' Borotta
Richard Sinatra as John Scalise
Tito Vuolo as Albert Anselmi
Karl Lukas as Willie Marks
Warren Oates as Ted Ryan
Nicholas Georgiade as Rocco
Sid Cassel as Angelo
Joe Abdullah as Joey
Robert Cass as O'Meara
Paul Maxwell as Cooley
Arthur Hanson as Mueller
Connie Davis as Mrs. Walsh
Jean Inness as Mrs. Greeley
Celia Lovsky as Mrs. Schwimmer
Louise Fletcher as Pete 's Girl
Richard Venture as Passerby
Production
The show was based on a book by Howard Browne .
Reception
The Los Angeles Times called it `` a serviceable documentary '' with `` some extremely effecitve moments . ''
The show was very popular and John Houseman claimed it helped revive the popularity of gangster films . `` There had n't been a real Al Capone gangster film for a long time and this brought them back again , both at the cinema and on television '' , they said .
Howard Browne later wrote other film versions of the story , including The St. Valentine 's Day Massacre ( 1967 ) and Capone '' ( 1975 ) .
Lawsuit
Industrialist Titus Haffa sued the show 's makers for $ 10 million for libel and defamation complaining the show showed a headline `` Titus Haffa gets two years '' associating them with crime . Haffa later issued a second complaint . A person called Abe Bernstein also sued claiming the show said `` Abe Bernstein '' was head of The Purple Gang .
References
External links
Seven Against the Wall at Paley Centre
1958 American television episodes
1958 television plays
Playhouse 90 ( season 3 ) episodes
Ward 10 Spadina—Fort York is a municipal electoral division in Toronto , Ontario that has been represented in the Toronto City Council since the 2018 municipal election . It was last contested in 2018 , with Joe Cressy elected councillor for the 2018–2022 term . Cressy resigned in 2022 , and Joe Mihevc was appointed to serve the remainder of the term .
History
The ward was created in 2018 when the provincial government aligned Toronto 's then-44 municipal wards with the 25 corresponding provincial and federal ridings . The current ward is made up of the southern parts of the old Ward 19 Trinity—Spadina , Ward 20 Trinity—Spadina , Ward 27 Toronto Centre—Rosedale and Ward 28 Toronto Centre—Rosedale .
2018 municipal election
Ward 10 Spadina—Fort York was first contested during the 2018 municipal election with 14 candidates . Joe Cressy was ultimately elected with 55.06 per cent of the vote .
Geography
Ward 10 is part of the Toronto and East York community council .
Spadina—Fort York 's west boundary is Winona Drive , Ossington Avenue , Dundas Street and Davenport Road , and the east boundary is the Don River and the Port Lands neighbourhood . The north boundary is Dundas Street , Bay Street and The Esplanade , and the south boundary is Lake Ontario . The ward also comprises the Toronto Islands .
Councillors
Election results
See also
Municipal elections in Canada
Municipal government of Toronto
List of Toronto municipal elections
References
External links
Councillor 's webpage
Municipal government of Toronto
Municipal electoral districts of Canada
Electoral districts of Toronto
2018 establishments in Ontario
Self-Portrait ( or Self-Portrait at Twenty-Eight ) is a panel painting by the German Renaissance artist Albrecht Dürer . Painted early in 1500 , just before their 29th birthday , it is the last of their three painted self-portraits . Art historians consider it the most personal , iconic and complex of their self-portraits .
The self-portrait is most remarkable because of its resemblance to many earlier representations of Christ . Art historians note the similarities with the conventions of religious painting , including its symmetry , dark tones and the manner in which the artist directly confronts the viewer and raises their hands to the middle of their chest as if in the act of blessing .
Description
Dürer 's face has the inflexibility and impersonal dignity of a mask , hiding the restless turmoil of anguish and passion within . In its directness and apparent confrontation with the viewer , the self-portrait is unlike any that came before . It is half-length , frontal and highly symmetrical ; its lack of a conventional background seemingly presents Dürer without regard to time or place . The placement of the inscriptions in the dark fields on either side of Dürer are presented as if floating in space , emphasizing that the portrait has a highly symbolic meaning . Its sombre mood is achieved through the use of brown tones set against the plain black background . The lightness of touch and tone seen in their earlier two self-portraits has been replaced by a far more introverted and complex representation .
In 1500 , a frontal pose was exceptional for a secular portrait . In Italy the conventional fashion for profile portraits was coming to an end , but being replaced with the three-quarters view which had been the accepted pose in Northern Europe since about 1420 , and which Dürer used in their earlier self-portraits . Fully frontal poses remained unusual , although Hans Holbein painted several of Henry VIII of England and their queens , perhaps under instruction to use the pose . Late medieval and Early Renaissance art had developed the more difficult three-quarters view , and artists were proud of their skill in using it ; to viewers in 1500 and after , a frontal pose was associated with images from medieval religious art , and above all images of Christ .
The self-portrait is of a markedly more mature Dürer than both the 1493 Strasbourg self-portrait and the 1498 self-portrait which they produced after their first visit to Italy ; in both of these earlier paintings they had highlighted their fashionable hairstyle and clothing and played on their youthful good looks . Dürer turned 28 around 1500 , the time of this work . In the medieval view of the stages of life , 28 marked the transition from youth to maturity . The portrait therefore commemorates a turning point in the artist 's life and in the millennium : the year 1500 , displayed in the centre of the upper left background field , is here celebrated as epochal . Moreover , the placing of the year 1500 above their signature initials , A.D. , gives them an added meaning as an abbreviation of Anno Domini . The painting may have been created as part of a celebration of the saeculum by the circle of the Renaissance humanist scholar Conrad Celtes , which included Dürer .
Iconography
Dürer chooses to present themselves with exaggerated symmetry , in a style that unmistakably recalls depictions of Christ . Dürer likely believed that any Christian could be portrayed as imitating Christ . The painting 's Latin inscription , composed by Celtes ' personal secretary , translates as : `` I , Albrecht Dürer of Nuremberg portrayed myself in appropriate [ or everlasting ] colours aged twenty-eight years '' . A further interpretation holds that the work is an acknowledgement that their artistic talents are God-given . Art historian Joseph Koerner wrote that `` to seeing the frontal likeness and inward curved left hand as echoes of , respectively , the `` A '' and nestled `` D '' of the monogram featured at the right ... nothing we see in a Dürer is not Dürer 's , monogram or not . ''
Late Northern medieval painting often portrayed Christ in a symmetrical pose looking directly out of the canvas , especially when shown as Salvator Mundi . Typically they were shown with a short beard , moustache and brown parted hair . Dürer has rendered themselves in this manner , and gives themselves brown hair , despite their other self-portraits showing their hair as reddish-blond . The painting so closely follows the conventions of late medieval religious art that it was used as the basis for depictions of Christ in a woodcut by Sebald Beham of c. 1520 . This was perhaps intended to be passed off as a print by Dürer from the start , and in later printings bears a very large Dürer monogram , though this appears to have been added to the block several decades later ; it was accepted by most experts as a Dürer until the 19th century . In the next century , the face was used for Christ again , in a Christ and the Woman Taken in Adultery of 1637 by Johann Georg Vischer .
Dürer presents themselves in similar poses and expressions in both their 1498 Christ as Man of Sorrows and 1503 charcoal drawing Head of the Dead Christ . Both are believed to be self-portraits , although they are not named as such . However , artist historians believe that since they bear remarkable similarities to their known self-portraits – including prominent eyes , a narrow mouth with a full upper lip , and the shape of both the nose and indent between lip and nose – that Dürer intended to represent themselves in these works .
Provenance
The portrait was likely donated or sold by Dürer to the Nuremberg city council . It was probably on continuous public display in Nuremberg from just before Dürer 's death in 1528 until 1805 , when it was sold to the Bavarian royal collection . It is now in the Alte Pinakothek in Munich , Germany . Nuremberg had had a copy made a few years earlier , which replaced the original on display in the City Hall .
Dürer was highly conscious of their self-image , and painted two earlier self-portraits : one in 1493 now in the Musée du Louvre , and another in 1498 , now in the Museo del Prado . They also inserted self-portraits in other paintings , and made self-portrait drawings , although , they did not portray themselves in any of their prints . At least twelve self-portrait images survive , as well as the lost gouache Dürer sent to Raphael c 1515 .
Gallery
References
Sources
Bailey , Martin . Dürer . London : Phaidon Press , 1995 .
Bartrum , Giulia , Albrecht Dürer and their Legacy . London : British Museum Press , 2002 ,
Brion , Marcel . Dürer . London : Thames and Hudson , 1960 .
Campbell , Lorne . Renaissance Portraits , European Portrait-Painting in the 14th , 15th and 16th Centuries . Yale , 1990 .
Hutchison , Jane Campbell . Albrecht Dürer : A Guide to Research . New York : Garland , 2000 .
Koerner , Joseph Leo . The Moment of Self-Portraiture in German Renaissance Art . University of Chicago Press , 1996 .
Schmidt , Sebastian . » dan sӳ machten dy vürtrefflichen künstner reich « . Zur ursprünglichen Bestimmung von Albrecht Dürers Selbstbildnis im Pelzrock , in Anzeiger des Germanischen Nationalmuseums , 2010 , 65–82 .
Shiner , Larry . The Invention of Art : A Cultural History . Chicago : Chicago University Press , 2003 .
Smith , Robert . Dürer as Christ ? , in The Sixteenth Century Journal , Volume 6 , No . 2 , October 1975 , 26–36 .
Strauss , Walter L. The Complete Engravings , Etchings and Drypoints of Albrecht Dürer . Dover Books , New York , 1972 .
von Fricks , Julian . `` Albrecht Dürer the Elder with a Rosary '' . In : Van Eyck to Durer . Borchert , Till-Holger ( ed ) . London : Thames & Hudson , 2011 .
External links
Interactive presentation on Dürer 's self-portrait by The New York Times
1500 paintings
15th-century portraits
Collection of the Alte Pinakothek
Self-portraits by Albrecht Dürer
Risoba variegata is a species of moth of the family Nolidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1882 . It is found in India .
References
Nolidae
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1882
Alucheh ( ) may refer to :
Alucheh Malek , Iran
Alucheh-ye Fuladlu , Iran
Alucheh-ye Sabalan , Iran
Philedonides seeboldiana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Portugal and Spain .
The wingspan is 13–14 mm . Adults are on wing from February to March .
The larvae feed on Ulex parviflorus .
References
External links
Lepiforum.de
Moths described in 1877
Archipini
Sint-Denijs-Westrem Airport is a closed civil airport and military airfield , located in Sint-Denijs-Westrem , 3.2 km southwest of Ghent , East Flanders , Belgium .
Overview
The airport is the former official airport of Ghent . It was closed in 1985 , and the site redeveloped for Flanders Expo .
History
During World War II , the airport was used by the British Royal Air Force as Advanced Landing Ground B-61 SintDenijs-Westrem .
References
SintDenijs-Westrem ( B-61 )
Johnson , David C. ( 1988 ) , U.S. Army Air Forces Continental Airfields ( ETO ) , D-Day to V-E Day ; Research Division , USAF Historical Research Center , Maxwell AFB , Alabama .
1985 disestablishments in Belgium
Belgian airbases
Defunct airports in Belgium
World War II airfields in Belgium
Airports in East Flanders
Buildings and structures in Ghent
Alliance for Justice ( AFJ ) is a progressive judicial advocacy group in the United States . Founded in 1979 by former president Nan Aron , AFJ monitors federal judicial appointments . AFJ represents a coalition of 100 politically leftist groups that have an interest in the federal judiciary . The Alliance for Justice presents a modern liberal viewpoint on legal issues .
According to the organization , `` AFJ works to ensure that the federal judiciary advances core constitutional values , preserves human rights and unfettered access to the courts , and adheres to the even-handed administration of justice for all Americans . ''
Judicial advocacy
AFJ launched the Judicial Selection Project in 1985 to monitor the federal judicial appointment system . According to AFJ 's founder , Nan Aron , the organization wanted to guard against the ideological impact of Ronald Reagan 's federal judicial nominees . AFJ objects to judicial nominees who oppose abortion or who promise to exercise judicial restraint . The organization provides background on prospective nominees to the American Bar Association and the Senate Judiciary Committee .
AFJ played a role in the defeat of Ronald Reagan nominee Robert Bork 's nomination to the Supreme Court of the United States in 1987 . In 2001 , the organization supported the nomination of Roger Gregory , a Bill Clinton nominee and the first African-American judge in the Fourth Circuit in 2001 . In 2013 , AFJ supported President Barack Obama 's three nominees for the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit .
Member organizations
AFJ reports a membership of over 120 organizations . On its website , as of January 7 , 2021 , AFJ lists the following member groups :
Abortion Care Network
Advancement Project
Advocates for Youth
AIDS United
Alliance for Safe Traffic Stops
Alliance for the Great Lakes
Alliance for Youth Organizing
Americans for Financial Reform Education Fund
Americans United for Separation of Church and State
Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund
Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law
Bend the Arc : Jewish Action
Beneficial State Foundation
Business and Professional People for the Public Interest
California Women 's Law Center
Center for Biological Diversity
Center for Constitutional Rights
Center for Digital Democracy
Center for Inquiry
Center for Law and Social Policy
Center for Reproductive Rights
Center for Science in the Public Interest
Children 's Defense Fund
Clearinghouse on Women 's Issues
Closing the Women 's Wealth Gap
Community Catalyst
Community Partners
Compassion & Choices
Comprehensive Health Education Foundation
Conservation Campaign
Consumer Action
Culture Project
Dallas Women 's Foundation
Defending Rights & Dissent
Disability Rights Education and Defense Fund
Dream Corps
Drug Policy Alliance
Earthjustice
Equal Justice Society
Equal Rights Advocates
Equality Federation
Every Child Matters
Faith in Action Network
Food Research & Action Center
Forests Forever
Free Press
Friends of the Earth
Great Plains Action Society
Harmon , Curran , Spielberg & Eisenberg , LLP
Houston in Action
Human Rights Campaign Foundation
International Center for Research on Women
Jewish Social Justice Roundtable
Jobs with Justice
Justice in Aging
Juvenile Law Center
Lambda Legal
Latino Community Foundation
Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law
League of Conservation Voters Education Fund
Legal Aid Association of California
Legal Aid at Work
Little Lobbyists
Los Angeles Alliance for a New Economy
MAZON : A Jewish Response to Hunger
Methodist Healthcare Ministries
Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund
Mi Familia Vota
Muslim Advocates
NARAL Pro-Choice America Foundation
National Abortion Federation
National Association of Consumer Advocates
National Association of Councils on Developmental Disabilities
National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers
National Center for Law and Economic Justice
National Center for Lesbian Rights
National Center for Transgender Equality
National Center for Youth Law
National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy
National Council of Jewish Women
National Education Association
National Employment Lawyers Association
National Family Planning and Reproductive Health Association
National Immigration Forum
National Immigration Law Center
National Korean American Service & Education Consortium
National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty
National Lawyers Guild
National Legal Aid & Defender Association
National LGBTQ Task Force
National Parks Conservation Association
National Partnership for Women and Families
National Veterans Legal Services Program
National Women 's Law Center
Native American Rights Fund
Natural Resources Defense Council
North Texas Dream Team
Peak Grantmaking
People 's Action
Planned Parenthood Federation of America
PolicyLink
Public Advocates
RAICES
Rockefeller Philanthropies Advisors
Secular Coalition for America
Secular Woman
Service Employees International Union
Shriver Center on Poverty Law
SIECUS
Sierra Club Foundation
Southern California Grantmakers
Southern Poverty Law Center
States United to Prevent Gun Violence
Texas Council on Family Violence
Texas Women 's Foundation
The Arc
The Climate Project
The Impact Fund
Tides Center
Transgender Law Center
UFW Foundation
Violence Policy Center
Younger Women 's Task Force , Greater Lafayette Chapter
YWCA
References
External links
Legal advocacy organizations in the United States
Progressive organizations in the United States
Organizations established in 1979
1974 establishments in California
501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organizations
Athletes from the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , United States .
Alpine skiing
Men
Women
Bobsleigh
Men
References
Official Olympic Reports
Olympic Winter Games 2002 , full results by sports-reference.com
Nations at the 2002 Winter Olympics
2002
Olympics
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a centre back for Shonan Bellmare .
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Association football people from Fukuoka Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Association football defenders
J1 League players
J3 League players
Shonan Bellmare players
Fukushima United FC players
Lost Creek is a tributary of Shenandoah Creek in Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania , in the United States . It is approximately long and flows through West Mahanoy Township . The watershed of the creek has an area of . The creek is an ephemeral stream in its lower reaches and is impaired by abandoned mine drainage . It is in the Western Middle Anthracite Field . The creek has historically been used as a water supply . It is designated as a Coldwater Fishery .
Course
Lost Creek begins in the Number Three Reservoir in West Mahanoy Township . It flows southwest and enters the Raven Run Reservoir . From the southwestern end of that reservoir , the creek turns south and flows through a deep , narrow valley for several tenths of a mile , passing through the Number One Reservoir . It then reaches the end of its valley and turns south-southeast for a few tenths of a mile , passing between two ponds before reaching its confluence with Shenandoah Creek .
Lost Creek joins Shendandoah Creek upstream of its mouth .
Hydrology
Lost Creek is designated as an impaired waterbody . The cause of the impairment is metals other than mercury and the likely source is abandoned mine drainage . The creek is an ephemeral stream in its lower reaches , on account of losing most or all of its flow to underground mine complexes . An abandoned mine drainage discharge known as the Weston Mine Lost Creek-Buck Mountain discharge is located within the creek 's watershed .
The discharge of Lost Creek was measured to be in March 2001 and in August 2001 . The concentration of dissolved oxygen was in March and in August . In March 2001 , the creek 's pH was 6.2 and the net alkalinity was , while in August 2001 , the pH was 6.3 and the net alkalinity was also .
The concentration of dissolved aluminum in Lost Creek was in March 2001 and in August 2001 . The manganese and iron concentrations in March were , while in August they were .
The dissolved nitrate concentration in Lost Creek was in March 2001 and in August 2001 . The concentration of dissolved phosphorus was in March and in August . The dissolved sulfate concentration was in March and August 2001 , respectively .
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Lost Creek is above sea level . The elevation of the creek 's source is approximately above sea level .
Lost Creek is in the Western Middle Anthracite Field . Dried sediment from the creek is grayish brown in the Munsell color system .
Approximately northeast of a village known as Lost Creek , Lost Creek flows into a strip pit and infiltrates the Weston Mine Pool .
Watershed
The watershed of Lost Creek has an area of . The creek is entirely within the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Shenandoah . Its mouth is located within of the community of West William Penn .
The watershed of Lost Creek occupies approximately 0.8 percent of the Mahanoy Creek drainage basin . It is in the north-central part of the Shenandaoh Creek watershed and the upper part of the Mahanoy Creek watershed .
The designated use of Lost Creek is aquatic life .
History
Lost Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2 , 1979 . Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1179963 .
In the late 1800s , 20,000 European larches were planted near the north bank of Lost Creek to help establish a second-growth forest . In the early 1900s , Lost Creek was a clear stream upstream of the Packer No . 2 Colliery , which was owned by the Lehigh Valley Coal Company . At the colliery , large amounts of mine water and culm polluted the creek . The creek was used as a water supply by the Girard Water Company during this time period .
Biology
Lost Creek is classified as a Coldwater Fishery .
In 2001 , macroinvertebrates were observed in Lost Creek , but no fish were observed . Only four macroinvertebrate taxa were observed : Limnephilidae , Tipulidae , Cambaridae , and Oligochaeta . All were classified as `` rare '' , with only one or two individuals being observed .
In 2001 , the family-level Hilsenhoff Biotic Index value of Lost Creek was 6 .
See also
Kehly Run , next tributary of Shendandoah Creek going upstream
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of tributaries of Mahanoy Creek
References
Rivers of Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Mahanoy Creek
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Heinz Tomato Ketchup is a brand of ketchup manufactured by the H. J. Heinz Company , a division of the Kraft Heinz Company .
History
It was first marketed as `` catsup '' in 1876 In 1907 , manufacturing reached 12 million bottles and it was exported internationally including Australia , South America , Japan , New Zealand , South Africa and the UK . In January 2009 , the label was changed by replacing the picture of a gherkin pickle with a picture of a tomato . In 2012 , there were more than 650 million bottles sold worldwide .
Manufacturing
Heinz manufactures all of its tomato ketchup for their USA market at two plants : one in Fremont , Ohio , and the other in Muscatine , Iowa . They closed their Canadian plant in Leamington , Ontario in 2014 . That plant is now owned by French 's Food Company and manufactures French 's Tomato Ketchup for the Canadian market . Globally , Heinz manufactures ketchup in factories across the world , including the UK and the Netherlands . Although there is one basic recipe for their ketchup , there are variations tailored to regional tastes , and usually depend on the country where it is manufactured .
Varieties
In addition to manufacturing their regular tomato ketchup , they manufacture a variety made with sugar ,
In 2000 , they manufactured coloured ketchup in squeezable containers appreciated by young children . The colours were red , green , purple , pink , orange , teal , and blue . These varieties were discontinued in 2006 .
In 2011 they also started manufacturing a variety with balsamic vinegar . This variety was discontinued in 2018 .
In September 2018 , they released `` Mayochup '' , combining ketchup and mayonnaise . Mixtures containing mayonnaise and ketchup predate the release .
In April 2019 , they released `` Kranch '' , combining ketchup and ranch salad dressing . The new sauce received a mixed reception online , with Newsweek saying that it `` might seem as if Kranch is a flight of fancy from a drunken frat boy '' but that some consumers were nevertheless interested .
On June 5 2019 , ( which is National Ketchup Day ) , Heinz , and Ed Sheeran , released a limited-edition ketchup known as Ed Sheeran X Heinz ketchup , popularly known as “ Edchup ” .
In March 2021 , they released `` Tarchup '' combining ketchup and tartar sauce and `` Sweet Ketchili '' combining ketchup and sweet chili sauce .
Packaging
Heinz ketchup is packaged in glass and plastic bottles of various sizes . They introduced their octagonal glass bottle for the first time in 1889 and it was patented in 1890 . While other glass bottle designs have existed , the octagonal glass bottle is still in use and is considered to be an iconic example of package design .
In restaurants , the glass bottle commonly used contains about of ketchup . In 2002 , the upside-down , squeezable plastic bottle ( an opaque red bottle with a wide white cap on the bottom ) was introduced for restaurants . It makes dispensing ketchup easier than from the glass bottle . The design also generates less waste as the ketchup settles down to the dispensing valve . Similarly designed squeezable bottles , in several different sizes , are available in grocery stores . It is also packaged as single serving packets made of foil and/or plastic . In 2010 , Heinz introduced Dip & Squeeze , a single serving packet designed for either dipping or squeezing . A small bottle containing about of ketchup is packaged for room service in hotels or situations where single serving packets associated with fast-food restaurants is undesirable .
Larger amounts , generally intended for the foodservice industry , are packaged in metal cans , rigid plastic containers , flexible plastic bags and a bag-in-box format . These larger containers can usually be fitted with pumps or placed into dispensers for self service in fast-food restaurants . A bag containing is the largest format intended for restaurants . An IBC tote containing is sold to food manufacturers .
Counterfeiting scheme
In 2012 , an alleged scheme to repackage regular Heinz ketchup into bottles labelled with counterfeit `` Simply Heinz '' labels failed when the ketchup apparently began to ferment and the bottles exploded . At the time , according to a Heinz spokesperson , they were working with the US Food and Drug Administration 's Office of Criminal Investigation . No further information is available about this incident either at the FDA , Kraft Heinz Company or the Dover , New Jersey Police Department 's websites .
See also
Dip & Squeeze
Heinz 57
References
Further reading
Focuses on the reasons Heinz Tomato Ketchup dominates the ketchup market .
External links
1876 introductions
Brand name condiments
Heinz brands
Ketchup
SS Amiral Magon was a French ocean liner converted into a troopship in World War I , which was torpedoed and sunk in the Mediterranean Sea on 28 January 1917 with 203 casualties .
Amiral Magon was built as an ocean liner for service between France and French Indochina . The ship was operational between 1905 and 1914 , when they were requisitioned by the French Army and converted into a hospital ship in 1914 and later into a troopship for use in World War I .
On 25 January 1917 they were sailing from Marseille for Thessaloniki with another troopship , , escorted by the French destroyer Arc , with some 935 soldiers and 80 crew on board . They were attacked and torpedoed at 11:10 by German U-boat , commanded by Walther Forstmann . They sank within 10 minutes , west of Antikythera , causing the death of 203 soldiers . There were also many horses on board . The survivors were rescued by Arc and by another French destroyer , Bombarde , which arrived at the site at 17:00 .
Sources
40ème Régiment d'Infanterie : testimonies of soldiers on board
Technical data , discussions
Wreck site
1904 ships
Maritime incidents in 1917
Passenger ships of France
Ships built in France
Ships sunk by German submarines in World War I
World War I shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
The March 783 and March 793 are open-wheel Formula 3 race car chassis , designed , developed , and built by March Engineering between 1978 and 1979 . They are very similar in design , with the 793 essentially being a ground effect version of the 783 ; with lower side pods and skirts . Between them , they won a total of 24 races , including three non-championship races in 1979 , with Kenny Acheson . The 793 chassis in particular was extremely successful , and completely dominated the 1979 season , with Brazilian Chico Serra clinching the 1979 British Formula Three Championship , after winning 5 out of the 20 races . Italian Andrea de Cesaris was runner-up , placing second in the championship ; having also won 5 races with the March 793 . New Zealander Mike Thackwell placed third in the championship , having won 4 races with the March 793 chassis . They were powered by either a Toyota or Triumph four-cylinder engine .
References
Formula Three cars
1970s cars
Acrochalix callosa is a species of medium-sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae . This is the only known species within the genus Acrochalix .
Distribution
This marine species is mainly distributed within the north Atlantic Ocean .
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 1986
Der Wunderer ( the monster ) , or Etzels Hofhaltung ( Etzel 's holding of court ) is an anonymous Early New High German poem about the legendary hero Dietrich von Bern , the counterpart of the historical Ostrogothic king Theodoric the Great in Germanic heroic legend . It is one of the so-called fantastical ( aventiurehaft ) Dietrich poems , so called because it more closely resembles a courtly romance than a heroic epic . The poem may have been written before 1300 , but is not attested until the turn of the sixteenth century .
The Wunderer concerns an encounter between a young Dietrich and a monster called the Wunderer while Dietrich is staying at Etzel 's court . The Wunderer is hunting and wishes to eat a maiden who later is revealed to be Frau Saelde ( Lady Luck ) . Dietrich defends them from the Wunderer and is blessed after their victory .
Summary
At a feast being held by Etzel , who is described as a greater king than Arthur , a beautiful maiden appears asking for help against the Wunderer , who has been hunting them for three days with their hounds and wants to eat them This is because they have sworn chastity , and has thus spurned the Wunderer 's love . The lady has received three special gifts from their chastity , however : at first glance they can see the true character of a person , their blessing can make anyone invincible in battle , and they can transport themselves to any place as swiftly as the wind . The woman sees that Etzel is a coward , and they point them to their heroes . First they ask Rüdiger , but they refuse as well , so Etzel shows them to another room where Dietrich is sitting . Dietrich is ready to fight for the girl if Etzel agrees , but Etzel is worried that Dietrich 's relatives would seek revenge should anything happen to Dietrich . At this point , however , the Wunderer breaks into the castle with their hounds . Dietrich then agrees to fight without Etzel 's blessing , even though they are only fifteenth ( in some versions , sixteen ) years old , and the maiden blesses him . The Wunderer now enters the hall where Dietrich and the maiden have been talking , and their hounds attack the maiden 's dress . Etzel attempts to satisfy the Wunderer with food . Dietrich kills the Wunderer 's hounds , and when the Wunderer seizes the maiden they knock them down . The Wunderer explains that they are a prince , and the maiden had been promised to them in marriage by their father . When they refused to marry him , they vowed to eat them rather than let them marry another . Dietrich prepares for battle , and the two fight for more than four days ( in some version : for two days ) , until Dietrich finally wins by beheading the Wunderer . There is a large celebration . The lady reveals themselves to be Frau Saelde , good-luck personified , and the feast ends .
Transmission , dating , versions
The Wunderer may date from as early as the 13th century , but is first attested in the fifteenth . Joachim Heinzle holds the early dating for possible but by no means proven , whereas Victor Millet believes the poem to be a product of the fifteenth century . Like most German heroic poems , the Wunderer is anonymous .
The Wunderer is attested in a version in rhyming couplets and a version in stanzas . The stanzaic version is attested in :
W1 ( H ) : The Dresdener Heldenbuch . Sächsische Landesbibliothek Dresden , Msc . M 201 . Paper , 1472 , from Nuremberg ( ? ) .
And in two later printings :
w2 ( B ) : Strasbourg , o. Dr ( Bartholomäus Kistler ) , 1503 .
w3 ( H1 ) : Erfurt , Matthes Maler , 1518 . Survives as a fragment .
The version in rhyming couplets is attested in :
W2 ( K ) : Bayerische Staatsbibliothek Munich , Cgm . 5919 . Paper , beginning of sixteenth century , from Regensburg . Contains both pragmatic and poetic texts , including the Wunderer and Laurin . Incomplete text .
And in one later printings :
w1 ( L ) : Augsburg , Johann Schönsperger , around 1490 . Survives as a fragment .
Generic considerations and literary influence
The Wunderer is often noted to be an oddity among the fantastical Dietrich poems . It closely resembles a ballad in length rather than a typical heroic poem . The poem is interested in its extreme closeness to the paradigm of Arthurian Romance : a lady comes to court asking for help , as in many romances . Etzel is completely inactive , like Arthur , with whom they are expressly compared . Dietrich is not in exile at their court , but rather has been sent there to be educated , something also known from Arthurian romance . It has been suggested that the scene of the Wunderer 's arrival at Etzel 's castle has been inspired by the late Arthurian German romance Wigamur . Unlike most fantastical Dietrich poems , moreover , Dietrich is not reluctant or cowardly , but rather eager to help the lady in need . The poem appears to be playing a game with established literary figures .
Metrical Form
While one version of the Wunderer is written in rhyming couplets , the other is written in stanzas , as is typical for German heroic poems . The stanzaic Wunderer uses the so-called `` Heunenweise '' or `` Hunnenweise '' ( the Hunnish melody ) , a stanza that can be interpreted as consisting of four `` Langzeilen : '' each line consists of three feet , a caesura , and three additional feet . The word before the caesura rhymes with the word before the caesura on the following line , creating the following rhyme scheme : a||ba||bc||dc||d . It can also be interpreted as consisting of eight short lines with alternating rhymes . An example , taken from von der Hagen 's edition , is the following stanza :
Es sasses in Ungerlande a
ein konick so wol bekant , b
der was Etzel benande ; a
sein gleichen man nyndert fand : b
an reichtum und an milde c
was im kein konick gleich ; d
zwelt konicklich kron und schilde c
dinten dem konick reich . d
The same stanza written as `` Langzeilen '' , with `` | '' representing the caesura :
Es sasses in Ungerlande a || ein konick so wol bekant , b
der was Etzel benande ; a || sein gleichen man nyndert fand : b
an reichtum und an milde c || was im kein konick gleich ; d
zwelt konicklich kron und schilde c || dinten dem konick reich . d
Relation to the Oral Tradition
The poem deviates from the Dietrich 's biography found in other poems : they should not be present at Etzel 's court until they are a man .
The text is interested in its relation to Dietrich 's death : according to some traditions , Dietrich become the leader of the Wild Hunt and chased nymphs through the forests . Church tradition , coming from the Dialogues of Gregory the Great , also made the claim that Theoderic 's soul had been seen dropped into Mount Etna for their sins . Instead of Dietrich as the Wild Huntsman , the Wunderer is placed in this role , and Dietrich defends the lady they are attacking . Additionally , the narrator mentions that Dietrich is still alive today : because of fault they are carried off by the devil in the form of a horse to Rumeney ( Romagna ? ) to fight dragons until the end of days . The poem could thus be understood as a refutation of the idea of Dietrich as either damned or a hunter of women . Enemies of Dietrich who hunt women with hounds are also found in the Eckenlied and Virginal . The Wunderer is different from these other figures , however , and more similar to stories transmitted in Boccaccio 's Decamaron , in that the Wunderer is motivated to hunt the woman in question because they refuse to love him . Gillespie nevertheless notes that Etzel 's attempts to appease the Wunderer by offering them food resembles how peasants sought to appease the leader of the Wild Hunt .
19th century scholarship attempted to connect Frau Saelde of the poem with `` Saligen '' or `` Salgfrauen '' , female figures of Tyrolean folk stories who are chased by the Wild Huntsman . Joachim Heinzle views this as unprovable , and would rather see Frau Saelde as a reflex of the personification Fortuna , i.e . a literary rather than a folk element of the poem . Gillespie suggests their name may derive from the prophecy of Babehilt that Dietrich will have good fortune , found in one version of the Eckenlied . Recent scholarship has suggested that Frau Saelde 's three magical abilities found in the poem may derive from influence from Slavic folklore , something also often speculated upon for another text of German heroic poetry , Ortnit .
Reception
The Wunderer was adapted into a Nuremberg carnival play , possibly by Hans Folz ( 1435-1516 ) . It follows the stanzaic version of the poem closely , yet also has correspondences to the version in rhyming couplets .
Notes
Editions and Facsimiles
References
External links
Facsimiles
Dresden , State Library , Mscr . M 201 , The Dresden Heldenbuch ( MS W1 )
Dietrich von Bern cycle
German heroic legends
Middle High German literature
German literature of the Late Middle Ages
Camp Sawi ( ) is a 2016 Filipino comedy-drama film starring Andi Eigenmann , Bela Padilla , Yassi Pressman , Kim Molina , Sam Milby and Arci Muñoz . It is written and directed by Irene Villamor . It was released on August 24 , 2016 by Viva Films .
Plot
Five women , Gwen ( Arci Muñoz ) , Bridgette ( Bela Padilla ) , Jessica ( Yassi Pressman ) , Clarisse ( Andi Eigenmann ) and Joanne ( Kim Molina ) enter a boot camp named Camp Sawi . Each woman , had a history of being heartbroken by their romantic interest and the girls as members of the aptly named camp help one another in dealing with their ill feelings under the watch of camp chef and head coach Louie ( Sam Milby ) .
Cast
Main cast
Bela Padilla as Bridgette `` Brij ''
Arci Muñoz as Gwen/Lovejoy
Andi Eigenmann as Clarisse
Yassi Pressman as Jessica `` Jess ''
Kim Molina as Joan
Sam Milby as Louie/Camp Master
Supporting cast
Jerald Napoles
Sarah Pagcaliwagan
Cholo Barretto
Special participation
Dennis Trillo as Chris
Rico Blanco as Aaron
Alex Medina as Nelson
Bret Jackson as Zac
AJ Muhlach as Randolf
Tonton Gutierrez as Miguel
Patrick Sugui as Jess ' new boyfriend
RJ Padilla as Joan 's groom
Regine Tolentino as Jess ' mom
Production
Camp Sawi was written and directed by Irene Villamor . The film is a co-production of Viva Films and N2 Productions of Joyce Bernal . A significant portion of the film was shot on Bantayan Island of Cebu province . The film is the first full-length film project for Villamor as a director .
According to Bela Padilla , one of the casts of the film , said that the film 's focus is on how women deal with moving on from heartbreak .
Release
Camp Sawi premiered on cinemas nationwide on August 24 , 2016 , which was dubbed by the production team as `` National Sawi Day '' .
Reception
The Cinema Evaluation Board rated Camp Sawi as a Grade A film .
References
Films shot in Cebu
Films set on beaches
Philippine comedy-drama films
Films directed by Irene Emma Villamor
Booby Island Light is an active heritage-listed lighthouse located on Booby Island in the Shire of Torres , near the tip of Cape York Peninsula , west of Prince of Wales Island , within the Endeavour Strait , Queensland , Australia . It marks the western entrance to the navigation channel through the Torres Strait . It was the last of the major lights to be constructed along the Queensland coast .
History
The colony of Queensland was formed in 1859 . In 1862 , the Queensland government appointed the first Portmaster , Commander George Poynter Heath . During the following years , several committees were held , but none of them recommended the erection of a lighthouse on Booby Island . It was Heath who first recommended the construction of such a lighthouse , at the Intercolonial Conference of Marine Departments in 1873 , where a first order light was finally recommended by the delegates . However , this recommendation was not followed through , and it was only in August 1885 that Heath referred to the lighthouse again , as trade through the Torres Strait increased , and a traffic channel west of the Prince of Wales Island was established . Formal approval took four more years , and tenders for the lighthouse were called in April 1899 . The accepted tender of was by the brothers John and Jacob Rooney of Maryborough , which also constructed Sandy Cape Light , Cape Bowling Green Light , Cowan Cowan Point Light , Cape Capricorn Light and Lady Elliot Island Light . The light was first exhibited on 24 June 1890 , and the total cost of construction was . Residences for the lighthouse keepers were also constructed in 1890 .
The original lens was a second order Chance Brothers Fresnel lens , with a focal radius of , mounted on a rotating pedestal with mercury bearings . The light source was an oil wick burner with an intensity of 20,000 cd . In 1917 the light source was upgraded to an vaporised kerosene mantle , with an intensity of 120,000 cd .
In 1961 a radio beacon was installed . In 1963 the lighthouse was converted to electricity . The light source at that time was a 120 Volt 1,000 Watt tungsten-halogen lamp providing 1,000,000 cd and visible for . The light characteristic was one flash every four seconds ( Fl.W . 4s ) . A tide gauge was installed in 1970 .
In November 1991 the power source was converted to solar power . The original lens and the pedestal were removed , the mercury drained , and the entire apparatus replaced with a modern rotating mechanism . The original apparatus now resides in the Thursday Island Museum . The battery banks were installed in the ground floor of the tower . The light characteristic was changed to the current , one white flash every ten seconds ( Fl.W . 10s ) , and it is visible for . The light was fully automated and demanned in 1992 .
Structures
The lighthouse is conical , high , made of timber frame clad with galvanised iron . The tower is topped by the original diameter Chance Brothers lantern . It is painted white , with red dome of sheet copper . The dome is topped by a rounded knob and a weather vane .
The residences include four cottages , three for the resident lighthouse keepers and an additional relief quarters . The resident keeper residences were built in 1890 , and then renovated twice , in the 1920s and 1960s . They are timber-framed , clad with weatherboards and fibre cement . Also associated with these quarters is a glasshouse , timber-framed with external concrete block walls and a corrugated asbestos cement roof . The relief quarters , built in the late 1960s or early 1970s , are timber-framed with external walls of asbestos sheeting and a roof of corrugated asbestos cement .
Other buildings in the station include a radio equipment building that doubles as an office , a powerhouse with a fuel store , the tide gauge hut , the radio beacon transmitter building and a workshop . The radio equipment building is timber-framed with external painted concrete block walls and corrugated asbestos cement roof . The powerhouse and the fuel store are constructed of concrete blocks with a corrugated zinc sheeted roof . The powerhouse houses three diesel alternators which provide power to the station . The tide gauge hut , constructed in 1970 , is timber-framed with fibre cement sheeting , a galvanised metal deck and an aluminium louvre mechanism . The radio beacon transmitter building , constructed in 1961 , is built of concrete blocks with timber framed doors and aluminium hopper windows . Finally , the workshop is timber-framed with fibre cement walls and corrugated asbestos cement roof .
Site operation and visiting
The light is operated by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . The site is managed by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service . The location is accessible only by boat , and a special permit is required for landing . Both the tower and the location are closed to the public .
Heritage listing
The lighthouse was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register in 1998 .
See also
List of lighthouses in Australia
Notes
References
External links
Lighthouses completed in 1890
Lighthouses in Queensland
Queensland Heritage Register
Queensland places listed on the defunct Register of the National Estate
Torres Strait
1890 establishments in Australia
Thomas Crosbie Holdings ( TCH ) was a family-owned media and publishing group based in Cork , Ireland . Its largest publication was once the Irish Examiner , the third largest daily broadsheet newspaper in the Republic of Ireland .
TCH history and receivership
In July 2012 , it was reported by RTÉ that Thomas Crosbie Holdings were considering a `` debt restructuring '' . On 20 January 2013 , it was reported that TCH `` is edging closer to making a tough decision on its financial restructuring '' .
TCH employed 800 people at one stage , this dropped to 640 . In a recent court case the company said `` everyone in the organisation , was highly attuned to the fact it was a difficult business '' .
On 6 March 2013 , TCH went into receivership . Landmark Media Investments Ltd acquired most of the old TCH assets .
Thomas Crosbie Holdings was sued by WebPrint Concepts in March 2013 . WebPrint Concepts also sued Landmark Media Investments . Both were sued over breach of contract . WebPrint Concepts subsequently fired 26 staff members after losing the Thomas Crosbie Holdings contract .
TCH formerly owned a number of newspapers and radio stations as listed below .
Former Newspaper Investments
The Sunday Business Post ( Went into examinership , then sold to Key Capital and Paul Cooke )
Irish Examiner ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
The Kingdom ( Closed )
Sligo Weekender ( Sold )
Down Democrat ( Sold to Alpha Newspaper Group )
Newry Democrat ( Sold to Alpha Newspaper Group and then closed )
The Irish Post ( Liquidated then sold by the liquidator )
Evening Echo ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
Waterford News & Star ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
Western People ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
The Nationalist ( Carlow ) ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
Kildare Nationalist ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
Laois Nationalist ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
Roscommon Herald ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
Wexford Echo ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and then liquidated )
Gorey Echo ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and then liquidated )
Enniscorthy Echo ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and then liquidated )
New Ross Echo ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and then liquidated )
Former Radio Investments
4fm ( Shareholding disposed )
Beat 102-103 ( 75 % stake ) ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
WLR FM ( 75 % stake ) ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
Red FM ( 36 % stake ) ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and lower stake subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
MidWest Radio ( 15 % stake )
Former new media interests
Thomas Crosbie Holdings has several new media interests . Despite this , chairperson Alan Crosbie , speaking at a Dublin conference in February 2012 , denounced new media as having `` the capacity to destroy civil society '' .
RecruitIreland.com ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
Motornet.ie ( Closed )
BreakingNews.ie ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd and subsequently acquired by The Irish Times )
Rugby.ie ( Closed )
GolfOnline.ie ( Sold )
Allabout.ie ( Acquired by Landmark Media Investments Ltd then closed )
Tickles.ie ( Closed )
See also
List of Irish newspapers
List of Irish radio stations
References
External links
TCH
Irish Examiner
Breakingnews.ie
RecruitIreland.com
Norfolkline was a European ferry operator and logistics company owned by Maersk . It provided freight ferry services on the English channel , Irish Sea , and the North Sea ; and passenger ferry services on the English channel and Irish Sea ; and logistics services across Europe . Norfolkline employed more than 2,200 employees in 13 countries across Europe , operating out of 35 different locations .
Norfolkline operated 18 vessels and over 550 refrigerated trailers ( including 200 with dual compartment units ) , 1,750 dry-cargo trailers , and 1,150 swap-body trailers for intermodal freight transport . In 2006 more than 1.5 million passengers used Norfolkline 's ferry services across the English channel between Dover and Dunkirk and on the Irish Sea ( between Liverpool and Belfast & Liverpool and Dublin ) and over 1.2 million freight movements were completed .
In July 2010 , DFDS acquired Norfolkline ; The Norfolkline routes and vessels were integrated into DFDS Seaways .
History
Activities started in 1961 when Dutch entrepreneur Mr. L. Remeeus founded Norfolk Lijn N.V . They operated two coasters on a regular cargo service between Great Yarmouth and Scheveningen . The first appearance of the company in the ferry business was made possible when the roll-on/roll-off vessel Duke of Holland was acquired in 1969 . Mr. Remeeus sold Norfolk Lijn N.V. to Unilever in 1973 and the company was renamed Norfolk Line in 1974 .
The Company operated out of Great Yarmouth with `` Duke of Holland and Duke of Norfolk '' , operations from Great Yarmouth commenced in 1969 and were finished by 1992 , when nearby Felixstowe poached the business with Norfolkline in an aim to enhance the size of its fleet , which at the time Felixstowe could accommodate but Great Yarmouth could n't .
The operations at Great Yarmouth were located at Atlas Terminal in the area of town known as South Denes . Norfolkline 's UK head office was located at Atlas House ( now demolished ) whilst the operator had the entire Atlas Terminal quayside , a holding yard on the other side of the road as well as other facilities around the town . It is widely rumoured , that the town 's outer harbour , which was first proposed around the 1960s/1970s was the main reason for the operator pulling the plug .
It is understood that Maersk wanted to hold an ownership in the new harbour and pay partly towards it , whilst also funding improvements to major road networks to the town including the A47 and A12 as well as partly funding a new river crossing . When the town and port authority rejected this proposal as well as the issue of capacity sizing which was soon outgrowing the town 's river harbour and without the outer harbour it would have been falling behind , later Norfolkline moved to Felixstowe in 1992 .
The Maersk Company Ltd , subsidiary of A.P . Møller acquired Norfolk Line in 1985 .
The nineties started with the merger of Norfolk Line with rail transport specialist Skandi in 1995 introducing rail freight services to the company , followed by 4 new vessels that were added to the Norfolk Line fleet ( 1996 ) and the opening of a container route between Rotterdam ( Holland ) to Waterford ( Ireland ) in 1997 . The year after that the company was renamed Norfolkline and the refrigerated transport business was launched in Belfast . A second refrigerated transport location was launched in 1999 in Larkhall .
In the new millennium , the ferry division expanded with the start of a ferry route from Dover ( UK ) to Dunkirk ( France ) in 2000 . Five years later Norfolkline acquired Norse Merchant Ferries , a roll-on/roll-off ferry operator on Irish Sea routes . In 2006 a new roll-on/roll-off terminal in Vlaardingen was opened , launching a new route between Vlaardingen and Felixstowe/North Killingholme Haven .
Norfolkline business
Norfolkline 's business was split in two divisions , a Logistics division and a Ferry division .
Logistics division
The logistics division was focused on tailor made solutions through different industries . Norfolkline operated logistics services providing refrigerated transportation of goods by road , rail , and sea from locations across Europe with routes from/to Belgium , Denmark , the United Kingdom , Finland , France , Germany , Ireland , Italy , Norway , Sweden , Switzerland , and the Netherlands .
Ferry division
Norfolkline operated passenger and freight ferry services on the English Channel , the Irish Sea and the North Sea . Norfolkline 's North Sea services carried freight only , whereas all other routes carried both lorry freight and private vehicles . Norfolkline also carried foot passengers on some of their North Sea services . Norfolkline 's ferry routes were as follows :
Birkenhead—Dublin
Dover—Dunkirk
Dublin—Heysham ( Freight only )
Esbjerg—Harwich ( Freight only )
Esbjerg—Immingham ( Freight only )
Felixstowe—Vlaardingen ( Freight only )
Gothenburg—Immingham ( Freight only )
Immingham—Vlaardingen ( Freight only )
Rosyth—Zeebrugge
Social and environmental responsibility
Staff of Norfolkline Larkhall raised money for Cash for Kids , a Scottish charity . ] . The company sponsored the Liverpool Irish Festival 2008 . Norfolkline Irish Sea has provided financial support for Action Renewables .
Norfolkline reduced their carbon footprint by investing in environmental friendly resources , such as their recent investment of refrigerated trailers which are 92 % recyclable .
Awards and recognitions
2008 - “ Best Ferry Company ” by readers of Guardian .
2007 - “ Highly Recommended ” in “ Best Ferry Company ” category of the 2007 Telegraph Travel Awards .
2006 - winner NBCC Trophy ( Netherlands British Chamber of Commerce ) , Anglo-Dutch award for enterprise .
2004 - voted “ Best European Crossing Operator ” by readers of The Daily Telegraph and Sunday Telegraph .
2004 - voted “ Leading Cross Channel Operator ” by readers of The Guardian and The Observer .
List of Norfolkline vessels
Maersk Dunkerque
Maersk Delft
Maersk Dover
Maersk Flanders
Maersk Anglia
Maersk Importer
Maersk Essex
Maersk Kent
Maersk Exporter
Maas Viking
Lagan Viking
Mersey Viking
Dublin Viking
Liverpool Viking
Saga Moon
East Express
Maersk Vlaardingen
Maersk Voyager
RR Arrow
RR Shield
Merchant Brilliant
Scottish Viking
References
External links
DFDS passenger ferry website
Norfolkline passenger ferry website
Norfolkline freight ferry website
Norfolkline logistics website
Sister Ships Maersk Vlaardingen and Voyager
History of Norfolk Line Ferries
Multinational companies headquartered in the Netherlands
Transport companies established in 1961
Shipping companies of the Netherlands
Ferry companies of the Netherlands
DFDS
Transport companies disestablished in 2010
2010 disestablishments in the Netherlands
2010 mergers and acquisitions
Dutch companies disestablished in 2010
Dutch companies established in 1961
This page summarises the Main Path matches of the 2022–23 UEFA Europa Conference League qualifying phase and play-off round .
Times are CEST ( UTC+2 ) , as listed by UEFA ( local times , if different , are in parentheses ) .
First qualifying round
Summary
| }
Matches
Ħamrun Spartans won 4–2 on aggregate .
Lechia Gdańsk won 6–2 on aggregate .
Drita won 3–1 on aggregate .
4–4 on aggregate . Paide Linnameeskond won 6–5 on penalties .
Milsami Orhei won 2–0 on aggregate .
Laçi won 1–0 on aggregate .
Liepāja won 3–2 on aggregate .
Mura won 4–2 on aggregate .
KuPS won 2–0 on aggregate .
Ružomberok won 2–0 on aggregate .
Budućnost Podgorica won 4–2 on aggregate .
Gżira United won 2–1 on aggregate .
3–3 on aggregate . B36 Tórshavn won 4–3 on penalties .
Olimpija Ljubljana won 3–2 on aggregate .
St Joseph 's won 1–0 on aggregate .
Breiðablik won 5–1 on aggregate .
DAC Dunajská Streda won 5–1 on aggregate .
Víkingur won 3–1 on aggregate .
2–2 on aggregate . Sligo Rovers won 4–3 on penalties .
Tre Fiori won 4–1 on aggregate .
Dinamo Minsk won 3–2 on aggregate .
Tuzla City won 8–0 on aggregate .
1–1 on aggregate . Saburtalo Tbilisi won 5–4 on penalties .
Shkëndija won 4–2 on aggregate .
Petrocub Hîncești won 1–0 on aggregate .
Pogoń Szczecin won 4–2 on aggregate .
2–2 on aggregate . Newtown won 4–2 on penalties .
Crusaders won 4–3 on aggregate .
SJK won 4–3 on aggregate .
Riga won 4–0 on aggregate .
Second qualifying round
Summary
|+Main Path
| }
Matches
5–5 on aggregate . Gżira United won 3–1 on penalties .
Aris won 7–2 on aggregate .
APOEL won 2–0 on aggregate .
Fehérvár won 5–3 on aggregate .
İstanbul Başakşehir won 2–1 on aggregate .
Neftçi Baku won 3–2 on aggregate .
Ħamrun Spartans won 2–0 on aggregate .
FCSB won 4–3 on aggregate .
CSKA Sofia won 4–0 on aggregate .
Hapoel Be'er Sheva won 3–1 on aggregate .
Maccabi Tel Aviv won 3–0 on aggregate .
Universitatea Craiova won 4–1 on aggregate .
0–0 on aggregate . Paide Linnameeskond won 5–3 on penalties .
Kisvárda won 2–0 on aggregate .
Konyaspor won 5–0 on aggregate .
3–3 on aggregate . Sepsi Sfântu Gheorghe won 4–2 on penalties .
Kyzylzhar won 3–2 on aggregate .
Young Boys won 4–0 on aggregate .
Rapid Wien won 2–1 on aggregate .
Lillestrøm won 6–2 on aggregate .
Breiðablik won 3–2 on aggregate .
1–1 on aggregate . St Patrick 's Athletic won 6–5 on penalties .
Slavia Prague won 11–0 on aggregate .
Spartak Trnava won 6–2 on aggregate .
Viborg won 2–0 on aggregate .
DAC Dunajská Streda won 4–0 on aggregate .
Brøndby won 5–1 on aggregate .
AZ won 5–0 on aggregate .
Sligo Rovers won 3–0 on aggregate .
Molde won 6–2 on aggregate .
Vaduz won 2–1 on aggregate .
B36 Tórshavn won 1–0 on aggregate .
Riga won 5–1 on aggregate .
Basel won 3–1 on aggregate .
Antwerp won 2–0 on aggregate .
Petrocub Hîncești won 4–1 on aggregate .
Čukarički won 8–1 on aggregate .
Levski Sofia won 3–1 on aggregate .
Vitória de Guimarães won 3–0 on aggregate .
Djurgårdens IF won 4–1 on aggregate .
AIK won 4–3 on aggregate .
Shkëndija won 5–2 on aggregate .
Raków Częstochowa won 6–0 on aggregate .
KuPS won 6–3 on aggregate .
Viking won 2–1 on aggregate .
Third qualifying round
Summary
|+Main Path
| }
Matches
Raków Częstochowa won 3–0 on aggregate .
2–2 on aggregate . AIK won 3–2 on penalties .
Viking won 5–2 on aggregate .
İstanbul Başakşehir won 6–1 on aggregate .
Young Boys won 5–0 on aggregate .
Anderlecht won 5–0 on aggregate .
Viborg won 5–1 on aggregate .
Hajduk Split won 3–2 on aggregate .
2–2 on aggregate . Basel won 3–1 on penalties .
Antwerp won 5–1 on aggregate .
CSKA Sofia won 2–1 on aggregate .
AZ won 7–1 on aggregate .
APOEL won 1–0 on aggregate .
FCSB won 2–0 on aggregate .
Gil Vicente won 5–1 on aggregate .
Wolfsberger AC won 4–0 on aggregate .
Maccabi Tel Aviv won 3–2 on aggregate .
Molde won 4–2 on aggregate .
Rapid Wien won 3–2 on aggregate .
Hapoel Be'er Sheva won 5–1 on aggregate .
2–2 on aggregate . Ħamrun Spartans won 4–1 on penalties .
Twente won 7–2 on aggregate .
Universitatea Craiova won 3–1 on aggregate .
Vaduz won 5–3 on aggregate .
Djurgårdens IF won 6–2 on aggregate .
Fehérvár won 7–1 on aggregate .
Slavia Prague won 3–1 on aggregate .
Play-off round
Summary
|+Main Path
| }
Matches
Basel won 2–1 on aggregate .
Vaduz won 2–1 on aggregate .
Slavia Prague won 3–2 on aggregate .
Djurgårdens IF won 5–3 on aggregate .
Nice won 2–1 on aggregate .
2–2 on aggregate . Hapoel Be'er Sheva won 4–3 on penalties .
İstanbul Başakşehir won 4–2 on aggregate .
FCSB won 4–3 on aggregate .
Partizan won 7–4 on aggregate .
Fiorentina won 2–1 on aggregate .
Villarreal won 6–2 on aggregate .
1 . FC Köln won 4–2 on aggregate .
West Ham United won 6–1 on aggregate .
1–1 on aggregate . Anderlecht won 3–1 on penalties .
Slovácko won 4–0 on aggregate .
Molde won 4–1 on aggregate .
AZ won 6–1 on aggregate .
Notes
References
External links
1M
Aaron Troy Ernest ( born November 8 , 1993 ) is an American sprinter who specializes in the 100 meters and 200 metres . They went to Homewood high school and competed for the LSU Tigers from 2012 to 2015 .
A native of Baton Rouge , Louisiana , Ernest relocated to Alabama where they attended Homewood High School . They were an All-USA high school Track and Field team selection by USA Today in 2011 . Their 2011 season bests in 100 m ( 10.17s ) and 200 m ( 20.86 s ) .
At the 85th Texas Relays in March 2012 , Ernest placed first in the 100 metres in the university group , behind only Jeff Demps of the University of Florida . Classified as a junior athlete for the 2012 season , Ernest is eligible for the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics . Their 100 m season best of 10.15 seconds was second among juniors in the 2012 season , behind only Adam Gemili .
Also a standout wide receiver at Homewood High School , Ernest received numerous football scholarship offers , including Kentucky , Louisiana Tech , Southern Miss , UAB , and Wake Forest . Ernest then went on to attend Rookie Minicamp for the Seattle Seahawks in 2018 .
Competition record
References
External links
DyeStat profile for Aaron Ernest
Scout.com profile for Aaron Ernest
LSU Tigers bio
1993 births
Living people
Track and field athletes from New Orleans
American male sprinters
LSU Tigers track and field athletes
People from Homewood , Alabama
Georgia Ridder ( December 5 , 1914 – June 14 , 2002 ) was an American thoroughbred racehorse owner and a member of the board of directors of the Oak Tree Racing Association .
Biography
Born Georgia Buck in Baltimore , Maryland , they attended Ethel Walker School in Simsbury , Connecticut . They married Bernard J. Ridder , co-founders and operators of the Knight Ridder newspaper chain . The couple made their home on Long Island , New York until 1955 when they moved to Pasadena , California where their husband took over as publisher of the Pasadena Independent & Star News .
Active in Pasadena culture , Georgia Ridder was a member of the board of directors of the Pasadena Art Museum and the Pasadena Symphony Association .
Ridder Thoroughbred Stable
A few years after settling in California , Georgia and Ben Ridder became owners of Thoroughbred racehorses . Some of their notable runners included Flying Paster , the winner of the Grade 1 Santa Anita and Hollywood Derbys and California Horse of the Year plus the 1977 Eclipse Award winner , Cascapedia .
Following their husband 's death in 1983 , Georgia Ridder continue to operate their stable . They owned the Hidden Springs Ranch in Mountain Center in the San Jacinto Mountains and enjoyed considerable further success highlighted by Cat 's Cradle being voted California Horse of the Year in 1995 and Alphabet Soup 's win in the 1996 Breeders ' Cup Classic .
Georgia Ridder died at their Pasadena home in 2002 at age eighty-seven .
References
June 17 , 2002 Los Angeles Times obituary for Georgia Ridder
Ridder Thoroughbred Stable at the NTRA
Hidden Springs Ranch
1914 births
2002 deaths
American racehorse owners and breeders
American socialites
Businesspeople from Baltimore
People from Pasadena , California
20th-century American businesspeople
Oenomel , derived from the Greek words oinos ( wine ) and meli ( honey ) , is an ancient Greek beverage consisting of honey and unfermented grape juice . It is sometimes used as a folk remedy for gout and certain nervous disorders .
Many drinks are prepared using honey . Mead is a fermented alcoholic beverage made of honey , water , and yeast . Oxymel is made of honey , vinegar , sea salt , and rain-water . Hydromel consists of simply honey and water . Rhodomel is a mixture of roses and honey . Omphacomel is made from fermented grape juice and honey . Oenomel comes from unfermented grape juice and honey .
Oenomel has the connotation of being a blend of strength and sweetness , which can mean something positive ( as in a personality trait ) or negative ( as in a carrot-and-stick approach ) .
References
Historical drinks
Honey-based beverages
Christine Jones may refer to :
Christine Jones ( artist ) ( born 1955 ) , Welsh artist
Christine Jones ( actor ) ( born 1943 ) , American soap opera actor
Christine Jones ( scenic designer ) , Broadway scenic designer
Christine M. Jones ( 1929–2013 ) , member of the Maryland House of Delegates
Christine Jones ( business person ) ( born 1968 ) , American business person and Arizona political candidate
Christine Jones ( police officer ) ( born 1964/1965 ) , British police officer
Christine Jones ( bowls ) ( born 1963 ) , Norfolk Islander lawn bowls player
Christine Jones ( Home and Away ) , a fictional character on the Australian soap opera Home and Away
See also
Christine Jones Forman , American astrophysicist
Gyaruo ( which can be written as ギャル男 , ギャルオ , ギャル汚 in Japanese ) are a sub-group of modern Japanese youth culture . They are the male equivalent of the gyaru . The o suffix that is added to the word , is one reading of the Kanji for male ( 男 ) . And recently , the kanji for 'dirty ' in Japanese ( 汚 ) , which also has the same reading , is often used by gyaru and gyaruo in a light hearted way , poking fun at themselves because of the reputation that their subculture has gained within society due to their dark skin , hairstyles and often gritty , rough style of clothing that they wear . Gyaruo are characterised by their deep tans , dyed hair , party lifestyle and a liking for all different types of trance music including para-para dancing music , Eurobeat , etc .
Lifestyle
Most major cities in Japan will have certain streets or districts within the city centre where gyaruo and gyaru are most likely to be hanging out . Using the two biggest gyaruo culture influencing cities as example : in Tokyo two of the popular places to hang out are around the Shibuya or Shinjuku areas . In Osaka , Amerikamura , which is often shortened to Ame-mura ( アメ村 ) , and the Shinsaibashi ( 心斎橋 ) areas are popular places for gyaruo to hang around .
In 2005 , Tokyu Hands opened up a second branch of their popular girl 's gyaru fashion shopping complex , 109 , called 109-② . Two floors of the Shibuya located 109-② store are dedicated to gyaruo brands such as Vanquish , Jack Rose , Varosh , Diavlo , Roi Franc , and Gennaro . The rise in gyaruo fashion has led to openings of other 109-② stores featuring male brands in Fukuoka , Machida , Shizuoka and Nagoya . The 109-② in Shibuya has since been renamed 109-mens , with all floors dedicated to gyaruo fashion instead of the initial two .
Magazines
Gyaruo fashion can be seen in certain magazines such as Men 's Egg , `` Men 's Roses '' or Men 's Egg Bitter ( for gyaruo aged 23+ ) and a fairly new magazine called Men 's Digger . Then there is the popular Men 's Knuckle magazine which is aimed at wearers of the more mature looking onii-kei fashion ( お兄系 ) , hosts ( ホスト ) and gyaruo .
Men 's Egg is the most popular magazine amongst gyaruo , and is often described as the `` gyaruo bible '' . It is this magazine that has arguably had the largest influence on the development and constant change of gyaruo lifestyle and fashion . Men 's Egg magazine which is published monthly , has everything from the latest fashion to articles about the sex lives of the readers . It was this last part that got the magazine a temporary ban by the government , due to complaints by parents and disgruntled traditional politicians who had heard news of the magazines content . Every month this magazine hosts Men 's Egg Events at different clubs around Japan keeping its customers entertained by inviting along the magazine 's most popular models along to the events to be adored by the excited crowd . The events which are called 'Men 's Egg Night ' , is often shortened to just 'mennai ' ( メンナイ ) .
Fashion
Within the gyaruo fashion There are a number of sub fashions , which can roughly broken down into the following groups :
Military ( ミリタリー系 )
Rock ( ロック系 )
Biker ( バイカー系 )
American Casual ( アメカジ系 )
Surfer ( サーファー系 )
Adult ( お兄系 )
Reputation
Since the gyaruo youth culture sprang up in Japan alongside its female counterpart , it has gained quite a negative reputation with the older members of society and through the media , which has led a lot of people in the Japanese public to look down upon the gyaruo lifestyle due to what they have heard about it , and from what they have learned through the media . Since gyaruo do not fit in with the normal Japanese tradition of blending into the crowd because of their appearance , they are associated with youth rebellion .
Further reading
The online blogs of the top Men 's Egg magazine models ( in Japanese )
External links
Yukihide Sawamotos Blog
Kazuaki Oishi Blog
Japanese words and phrases
Japanese subcultures
Japanese youth culture
Slang terms for men
Japanese fashion
Gyaru
Kalafut Nunatak ( ) is a nunatak which marks the southeast end of the Haines Mountains , in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica . It was mapped by the United States Antarctic Service ( 1939–41 ) and by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos ( 1959–65 ) . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for John Kalafut , a United States Antarctic Research Program glaciologist at Byrd Station in the 1966–67 and 1968–69 seasons .
References
Nunataks of Marie Byrd Land
Bacillus thuringiensis subsp . kurstaki ( Btk ) is a group of bacteria used as biological control agents against lepidopterans . Btk , along with other B. thuringiensis products , is one of the most widely used biological pesticides due to its high specificity ; it is effective against lepidopterans , and it has little to no effect on nontarget species .
During sporulation , Btk produces a crystal protein that is lethal to lepidopteran larvae . Once ingested by the insect , the dissolution of the crystal allows the protoxin to be released . The toxin is then activated by the insect gut juice , and it begins to break down the gut .
Btk is available commercially and is commonly known as `` Garden Dust '' or `` Caterpillar Killer '' , both of which are produced by Safer Brand . Other Btk-producing companies include Bonide and Monterey .
Effects on nontarget species
Btk is generally regarded as environmentally safe , as its toxicity is essentially limited to its target pest ; humans , wildlife , and beneficial insects are regarded as unaffected by the pesticide . Even so , in 2012 , a regulatory review of several strains of Bt by the European Food Safety Authority stated that although there was data supporting the claims of low toxicity , the data was insufficient to prove the claims conclusively .
Humans
In studies of the effects of Bt on humans , most subjects were unaffected when exposed to Bt . Some individuals reacted with irritation of the eyes and skin . Other subjects with hay fever reported more significant effects , including throat irritation , upset stomach , and difficulty sleeping .
Trichogramma wasps
Trichogramma is a genus of parasitoid wasp whose females lay their eggs in the eggs of their hosts ; after killing the host , an adult wasp emerges . For this reason , Trichogramma are often used as a biological control agent , and it can even be used in conjunction with pesticides like Btk . In November 2015 , a study was conducted examining the effects of Btk on T. chilonis wasps . The study showed that high doses of strains of Btk containing δ-endotoxins were acutely toxic to the wasps , while Btk without these toxins had no adverse effects . It further showed that low doses of Btk , regardless of the strain , led to significantly greater longevity in the wasps .
Soil
In a 1998 study , Btk was added to different types of soil in order to determine how the type of soil affected the persistence and concentration of Btk . The results of the study showed that insecticidal activity started to decline after only a month in one soil , while in another toxicity was still high after six months . The authors of the study noted that even though Btk is considered non-toxic to nontarget species , the accumulation and persistence of the Btk toxins could eventually lead to environmental hazards or the selection of Btk-resistant lepidopterans .
References
External links
Btk fact sheet
Bt fact sheet
thuringiensis kurstaki
Biopesticides
Brackenbury Village is a residential district of west London between Goldhawk Road , King Street , Hammersmith Grove and Ravenscourt Park . It is named after Brackenbury Road in which there is a small parade of shops which form the heart of the self-styled village . There is a local magazine of the same name 'Brackenbury Village ' that features local characters , history and businesses that give the area of Brackenbury Village its charming character . These businesses include The Andover Arms ( Public House ) , Sisi 's ( Hardware & Ironmonger ) , Hepsibah ( Gallery & Hatmaker ) , Stenton 's ( traditional Family Butchers ) and Brackenbury Tailors ( Tailors & Dry Cleaning ) . The name of the area came from estate agent descriptions , with houses in the area selling for over a million being seen regularly . The area has a private all-girl school , Godolphin and Latymer School , and two primary schools : Brackenbury Primary School and West London Free School Primary .
Famous residents include Jayne Hepsibah , Jonathan Powell and Mary Nightingale .
References
External links
Brackenbury Village
Brackenbury Residents Association
Brackenburys Delicatessen
Hepsibah Gallery
Community media
Areas of London
Districts of the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
Max Desfor ( November 8 , 1913 – February 19 , 2018 ) was an American photographer who received the Pulitzer Prize for their Korean War photograph , Flight of Refugees Across Wrecked Bridge in Korea , depicting Pyongyang residents and refugees crawling over a destroyed bridge across the Taedong River to escape the advancing Chinese Communist troops .
Background
Desfor was born on November 8 , 1913 in The Bronx , New York , the son of Jewish emigrants , their father from Russia and their mother from the Austro-Hungarian Empire . After graduating from New Utrecht High School , they attended Brooklyn College for only a year then quit . They began working as a messenger with the Associated Press ( AP ) , where their brother was a photo retoucher . Desfor taught themselves photography basics and was hired as a staff photographer in 1938 . Initially based in Baltimore , they moved to the Washington , D.C. bureau a year later .
Career
Soon after the United States entered World War II , Desfor tried to enlist in the Navy but was denied because of their age and theirs being their family 's sole source of income . They then became a wire service war photographer assigned to the staff of Admiral Chester W. Nimitz 's Pacific fleet . In August 1945 , Desfor photographed the Enola Gay crew upon their Saipan landing after dropping the atomic bomb on Hiroshima . They were also present to photograph Japan 's official surrender aboard the on September 2 , 1945 .
A year later , Desfor was working for the AP in India and photographed Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru attending an India Congress Committee meeting . Following Gandhi 's assassination in 1948 , Desfor covered the funeral .
In 1950 , covering the Korean War for the AP , they took the photograph that would earn them the Pulitzer Prize , Flight of Refugees Across Wrecked Bridge in Korea . `` All of these people who are literally crawling through these broken-down girders of the bridge , '' they said , `` they were in and out of it , on top , underneath , and just barely escaping the freezing water . ''
Desfor later became supervising editor of the AP 's photo service and returned to Asia in 1968 as regional photo chief . They retired from the AP in 1978 , then moved to the DC area to join the U.S. News & World Report as photo director . They retired six years later .
Personal life
Desfor was married to Clara Mehl from 1936 until their death in 1994 from injuries sustained in a car accident . In 2012 , at age 98 , they married Shirley Belasco . Desfor died at their Silver Spring , Maryland home on February 19 , 2018 at age 104 . Their survivors include a son from their first marriage .
References
External links
Guide to the Max Desfor Photographs and Papers 1936-2008
1913 births
2018 deaths
20th-century American photographers
People from the Bronx
Photographers from the Bronx
American centenarians
Men centenarians
American people of Austrian-Jewish descent
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Associated Press photographers
New Utrecht High School alumni
Brooklyn College alumni
Pulitzer Prize for Photography winners
War photographers
Burials at New Montefiore Cemetery
William John O'Meally ( born Joseph Thompson ; 25 November 1920 in Young , New South Wales – 1995 in rural Queensland ) was an Australian criminal , notorious as the last man to be flogged in Victoria .
Early life
O'Meally was born Joseph Thompson and was the second of four children . When they were aged 11 the family moved to Sydney . The marriage of their parents soon dissolved and they became a ward of the state . They left that care when aged 14 .
O'Meally claimed to be the grandson of Johnie O'Meally a member of Ben Hall 's gang . It is unclear when they changed theirs name .
On their own they were soon in trouble . They were sentenced to two days hard labour for riding on a train without a ticket . In June 1936 they were convicted of assaulting a police officer . As a result , they were classified as `` uncontrollable '' and sent to Gosford Reformatory . They escaped but was lost for a week in the mangroves on the Hawkesbury River .
As a juvenile they received a number of convictions for assault , housebreaking and riotous behaviour . Before 1952 they had 42 convictions including five for assaulting police .
Murder of Howell
On the night of 30 January 1952 Constable George Howell was working at the Malvern East Police Station . They were unarmed when they left the station on a bicycle to patrol the area around the Crystal Palace Theatre , Caulfield where there had been a number of thefts from cars . Howell was 21 years old and due to be married on 26 February .
When Howell arrived at the cinema they saw a man loitering near the parked cars . When the young constable approached him , the man dropped their torch and a set of car keys and ran . Constable Howell grabbed the man but the man shook them off and continued to flee .
Howell chased the man and caught up with him . The man turned and shot George Howell once , in the stomach , at point-blank range . Howell died on 1 February 1952 .
O'Meally was charged with the murder . They had been released from prison in May 1951 after serving six months for the assault of another police officer .
O'Meally claimed to be innocent of the murder . They claimed that the police had conspired to `` frame '' him . They said they knew who the murderers were but would not name them . O'Meally claimed that they were at home with their wife in Bonbeach . Their wife supported that claim .
Coincidentally , Constable Howell had also lived in Bonbeach . O'Meally claimed that , because they and Howell were known to each other Howell would have identified them before they died .
After 10 days of evidence from 41 witnesses the jury took four hours to find O'Meally guilty . They cried as the verdict was delivered , and again denied theirs guilt .
O'Meally was sentenced to hang for the murder of the police officer . This was commuted by the new State Labor government to `` '' imprisonment for the full term of their life without any remissions whatsoever and without the benefit of the regulations relating to the remission of sentences '' , that is , life without parole .
In 1955 O'Meally escaped from H Division of Pentridge Prison . They were re-captured the same day , in Coburg , not far from the prison .
Escape of 1957
In March 1957 O'Meally again escaped from Pentridge . With an accomplice , John Henry Taylor , who was armed with a .38 automatic handgun , they ran through the main gates of the gaol . Chief Penal officer Robert Davis tried to stop them and was shot in the thigh , breaking their femur . O'Meally then took the firearm and engaged in a gun battle with warders . They were re-captured 13 minutes after escaping .
On 31 October 1957 Mr Justice Hudson told O'Meally and Taylor ; `` You are both clearly beyond hope of reform . Simply to sentence you to a further term of imprisonment would be to impose a totally inadequate form of punishment , and would provide no real deterrent against further attacks of a like character . ''
They were sentenced to 10 more years in gaol . In O'Meally 's case , this added nothing to their sentence . Both were also sentenced to 12 strokes of the cat o'nine tails to be delivered in one session . This would be the first flogging since 1943 . The order to flog O'Meally was appealed to the Supreme Court of Victoria and the High Court of Australia , both of whom upheld the order .
The flogging was delivered on 1 April 1958 . Taylor and O'Meally were the last men flogged in Victoria . O'Meally claimed that the flogging opened their rib cage , that they were placed back in their cell with open chest and back wounds , and was not given any medical attention . They said they took three months to recover .
In June 1965 O'Meally 's wife divorced them on the grounds of their imprisonment .
From February 1966 O'Meally spent four and a half years breaking rocks . They were moved again when they assaulted a warder and broke the warder 's false teeth . They were also placed in solitary confinement for two weeks .
O'Meally went on to become Victoria 's longest serving prisoner . They served 27 years before being released on parole on 5 July 1979 . The State Cabinet had accepted a recommendation of the Adult Parole Board . The State Governor , Sir Henry Winneke , ratified the decision . Sir Henry had led the prosecution of O'Meally at the 1952 murder trial .
O'Meally was last heard of living in Queensland and may have died there in 1995 .
Notes
Sources
`` In Their Honour… '' , Journal of the Police Association , Victoria , Volume 76 Issue 4 April 2010
`` Two Criminals To Be Whipped '' , The Advertiser , Adelaide , 1 November 1957
Examiner ( Launceston Tasmania ) , 24 May 1952
Richardson , Hal ; `` O'Meally Sentenced to Death '' , The Argus Saturday 24 May 1952
Sharpe , Alan , `` The Man They Could n't Break '' ; in 25 True Australian Crimes , Kingsclear Books , Sydney , 1997
Walsh , Geoff ; “ Lonely Lifer sees the Light of day ” , The Age , 5 July 1979 ,
Willis , Richard , Murdoch , Lindsay & Comerford , Damien ; “ Freedom for O'Meally ” , The Age , 5 July 1979 ,
1920 births
1995 deaths
Australian people convicted of murder
People from Young , New South Wales
Australian people convicted of assault
Carl Adolph Feilberg ( 20 August 1810 – 8 January 1896 ) was a Danish business person . They founded Falkonergårdens Fabrikker on the Falkonergården estate in Frederiksberg in 1842 . They were the paternal uncle to the Australian indigenous-rights activist Carl Adolph Feilberg , the Danish priest and folklorist Henning Frederik Feilberg , the planter and photographer Kristen Feilberg , and the journalist and restaurateur Frederik Laurentius Feilberg ( 1858-1917 ) , aka `` Lorry '' Feilberg .
Early life and education
Feilberg was born on 20 August 1810 in Copenhagen , the son of Henning Frederik Feilberg and Louise Brummer . Their father was a high-ranking civil servant who worked for the Bank of Denmark . They studied engineering ( Cand . Polyt . ) at the College of Advanced Technology .
Career
Feilberg bought Falkonergården , a former royal falconry . They established a soap and wax candle factory under the name Galkonergårdens Fabrikker at the site in 1842 .
Personal life
Feilberg married Albertine Hagen . The couple had no children . Their brother , Nicolai Laurentius Feilberg , a priest , was the brother-in-law of the painter Christen Købke . Købke painted their portrait and painted their last nature studies on the Galkonérgården estate .
Feilberg died on 8 January 1896 . They are buried in Frederiksberg Old Cemetery .
References
External links
Carl Adolph Feilberg
19th-century Danish businesspeople
1810 births
1896 deaths
Feilberg family
Breath and Taxes is the third EP by Spahn Ranch , released in 1994 by Zoth Ommog Records . The song `` Breath and Taxes '' contains the lyrics `` Charles , Charles in a jar '' in direct reference to Charles Manson .
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Breath and Taxes liner notes .
Spahn Ranch
Matt Green – sampler , keyboards , sequencing , mixing ( 4 )
Athan Maroulis – lead vocals
Rob Morton – programming , sampler , mixing ( 4 )
Production and design
Hype Graphics – design
Judson Leach – recording , remix ( 1 , 5 ) , mixing ( 4 ) , remixer ( 1 , 3-5 )
Release history
References
External links
Breath and Taxes at Discogs ( list of releases )
1994 EPs
Remix EPs
Spahn Ranch ( band ) albums
Zoth Ommog Records EPs
Mohammad Ali Safa was born on March 7 , 1950 , in Bojnord , North Khorasan Province , Iran . They were a commando of the Bushehr Marine Rangers Battalion . They were involved in operations in the Battle of Khorramshahr and Siege of Abadan , and was killed on October 26 , 1980 with mortar shell shrapnel in Abadan , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Early life
Mohammad Ali Safa was born in Bojnord on March 7 , 1950 and after completing their elementary education at `` Ibn Sina '' Elementary School , they completed their secondary education at `` Hemmat '' Bojnord High School .
In their early years , Mohammad Ali had a keen interest in the various martial arts , including Karate and Kung fu . They believed that all Iranians should serve and defend their country . So Mohammad Ali entered the army on the basis of their beliefs on December 1964 .
Career
Mohammad Ali Safa joined Iranian Army on December 1964 . After 18 months of rigorous and intensive commando training in Iran , led by Royal Marines Base Commanders , Safa was selected as the top person in Special Operations and for initial training , they were sent to the Royal Marines Command Base in England . In fact , they had been sent for specialized training in tank hunting .
Outside of Iran , they spent one year for commando training courses such as S. P. S. , Tank Hunting , Parachuting , Tarzan Japanese Special Courses , Martial courses included Judo , Kung Fu and Land , Sea and Air combat courses . Mohammad Ali was distinguished in all these courses . Their efforts led them to obtain the title and degree of tank hunter specialist from the Royal Marines Command Base .
Mohammad Ali Safa participated in the Navy commando entrance test . In this test , 250 military units were selected and trained for 18 months . Safa was selected to lead the Special Operations Command and was sent to the Royal Marines Command Base , England , along with eight others to continue specialized training .
Since Mohammad Ali Safa had successfully completed these courses in England and earned the title of `` Premier Commando '' , they went to John F. Kennedy Special Warfare Center and School to learn specialized training on warship destruction . After training in various courses in the United States , they received a specialized commando specialty , Destruction of Warships , for the first time among Iranian .
They were also chosen for commando training in the harsh conditions called `` Long Hope '' in the Brazilian Amazon forest because of the great courage they had shown themselves in training operations .
Since they had a strong interest in the homeland and serving the Iranian people , so returned to the country and in the first act , began to train Iranian commandos at the Army Naval Command Base in Bushehr .
Getting injured
In May 1979 , when Khorramshahr was threatened by counter-revolutionary forces and separatist rebels , Mohammad Ali Safa went to Khorramshahr as Commander of Iranian Navy Special Commandos with help of Mohammad Jahanara . They cleared Khorramshahr from armed counter-revolutionaries that has advanced weapons , but Mohammad Ali Safa was shot and wounded in the abdomen during clashes with counter-revolutionary forces .
After being injured , Mohammad Ali was taken to hospital and after three surgeries , some parts of their intestines was removed , but with their strong morale , they were able to regain their health . When Iran-Iraq war began , Mohammad Ali was on medical leave for two years but prepared to fight the invading enemy . They believed they had to use their expertise that earns in several different countries to serve the country and train the army .
Their role in the Iran-Iraq War
In the Iran-Iraq War , Mohammad Ali Safa along with the other commanders of Bushehr Navy , destroyed 500 of the T-72 and Type 74 tanks held by the Iraqi Army . They pushed the Iraqi army back and due to the heavy damage inflicted on Saddam 's tanks by the Iran 's Navy commandos , they named Khorramshahr as cemetery of their tanks division .
During the war with Iraqi army , Mohammad Ali Safa was dubbed the `` Tank Hunter '' by disrupting more than 160 Iraqi tanks with BGM-71 TOW rocket launchers .
Death
Mohammad Ali Safa was killed on 26 October 1980 by mortar explosion with shrapnel wounds to the forehead , leg and side .
After death of Mohammad Ali Safa , a letter of condolence was sent from the Royal Marines Command Base of the United Kingdom to Iran , expressing sympathy for the death of Mohammad Ali Safa , announced that the flag of Royal Marines Command Base was flown at half-mast for three days because of their death .
Statue
After the death of Mohammad Ali Safa , a statue was erected at the Royal Marines Base and its flag was half-raised for three days . This Royal Marines act , demonstrates Safa 's abilities .
Documentary film about them
In 2013 , a documentary film about Mohammad Ali Safa 's biography was produced in Iran by Department of Preservation and Dissemination of Holy Defense Values of North Khorasan .
See also
Iran–Iraq War
Liberation of Khorramshahr
Battle of Khorramshahr
Siege of Abadan
Islamic Republic of Iran Navy
History of the Iranian Navy
Iran 's Navy Ranks Insignia
References
External links
IRIB News
Mashregh News
Defapress News
Mohammad Ali Safa on Iran Army website
1950 births
1980 deaths
Islamic Republic of Iran Army personnel of the Iran–Iraq War
People from North Khorasan Province
Iranian military personnel killed in the Iran–Iraq War
Iranian Navy personnel
The national flag of the Principality of Andorra ( Catalan : bandera d'Andorra ) features a vertical tricolour of blue , yellow , and red with the coat of arms of Andorra in the center . Although the three vertical bars may at first appear to be of equal width , the centre yellow bar is slightly wider than the other two so that the ratio of bar widths is 8:9:8 with an overall flag ratio of 7:10 .
A variant of the flag is said to have been created in 1866 , although the design was standardized in 1993 after Andorra joined the United Nations .
History
The historical flag of Andorra , which was used from 1806 to 1866 , featured two equally sized red and yellow vertical ( sometimes horizontal ) bands . It is claimed that this flag was granted by Napoleon in 1806 but use of the flag may go back to much earlier . A variant of the modern flag without the coat of arms is said to have been designed by Napoleon III adding a blue stripe representing France . From 1931 until 1939 a horizontal version of the flag was used which was meant to reflect the Spanish flag . Briefly in July 1934 a horizontal variant with a crown in the middle was flown under the rule of Boris I until their removal from the throne . From 1939 to 1949 a variant of the 1866 flag flew but with a different flag ratio and coat of arms and following that from 1949 to 1959 a variant with a different color appeared . Multiple versions of the modern flag were flown until 1993 when Andorra standardized their flag with their entry into the United Nations .
Origins and symbolism
The design is related to the flags of Catalonia , Foix and France , the lands historically linked with the small country . The coat of arms of Andorra in the center of the flag contains historical symbolism to Bishop of Urgell , Count of Foix , Catalonia , and the Viscounty of Béarn . The inclusion of the coat of arms makes it one of 28 national flags to contain overtly Christian symbolism and it is the only national flag to portray cattle , except for Moldova 's flag , which features the head of a bull . A flag of three bars is similar to that of the French Tricolor , while the pattern of a wider middle stripe can be noted on the Spanish flag . The motto in the coat of arms ( written in Goudy Old Style ) in the middle stripe Virtus Unita Fortior means `` Virtue United is Stronger '' . The blue and red of the Andorran flag are also found on the French flag , with red and yellow also being the colors of the Catalan flag ( as the old royal symbol of the Crown of Aragon ) and the arms of the old County of Foix ( currently part of France ) .
The design is similar to the flags of Romania , Moldova , and Chad . All of these are vertical tricolors of blue , yellow , and red , and all have stripes of equal width .
Colors
The official colors of the Andorran flag are set out in the `` Graphic regulations for reproducing the shield and flag '' from the Oficina de Marques del Principat d'Andorra . The colors of the flag are :
Other flags
Civil flags
Flags of Parishes
Historical flags
See also
Coat of arms of Andorra
References
External links
https : //www.ompa.ad/images/PDF/normativa-signes/Normes_Grafiques.pdf
1866 introductions
Flag
National flags
Flags introduced in 1866
Flags introduced in 1971
Andorra
Lady Jane Stanley ( 1720 – 1803 ) was a member of the Earl of Derby branch of the Stanley family . The daughter of Edward Stanley , 11th Earl of Derby they never married but , in their old age , maintained a large household at Brook House , Knutsford . A notable philanthropist , they installed and maintained footpaths in the town though , in line with their belief that couples should not walk with arms linked , they made them intentionally narrow . Stanley left significant donations in their will to friends , family , servants and to numerous charitable causes connected with the poor and sick . One bequest helped to maintain the footways in the town for many years , though they were widened from 2014 to allow for improved access . Stanley was the inspiration for the Honourable Mrs Jamieson in Elizabeth Gaskell 's 1849 novel Cranford and the title character in their 1858 My Lady Ludlow .
Life
Lady Jane Stanley was the daughter of Edward Stanley , 11th Earl of Derby and was born circa 1720 . Stanley never married and from 1780 until their death lived at Brook House in Knutsford , Cheshire . They maintained a large household and one duty of their footmen was to bring them the latest news as soon as it arrived by mail coach . The mail coach used the road in front of Brook House and Stanley paid the guard five shillings a time to fire their pistol when passing to alert their servants of important news . A footman would then run to the inn in town to retrieve the news . They maintained a sedan chair , cheaper than a horse and carriage and better suited to Knutsford 's narrow streets .
Considered an important and influential figure in Knutsford , Stanley was also well liked by their servants and neighbours . Ellis Chadwick , writing in 1910 , noted `` she had very strict notions of propriety and of the courtesies of life , and would not have them infringed '' . They firmly believed in their right , as a gentlewoman , to walk closest to the wall on the town 's footpaths ( ie the side away from the kerb ) . On one occasion when a man walking in the other direction chose to keep to the wall they rapped them on the shoulder with their gold-topped cane and told them `` whenever you meet a lady - always give them the wall '' .
Stanley was disappointed when their brother , Edward Smith-Stanley , 12th Earl of Derby , chose to marry the actor Elizabeth Farren in 1797 . Henry Green , a local history writer , noted that they `` disliked to see men and women linked together '' ( i.e. , walking arm in arm ) . Stanley donated money throughout their life to construct and maintain footpaths in the town but specified that they be no more than a single flagstone in width to prevent couples from walking together . They also donated a woollen flag to the town that was flown from the church at times of military victories or other national rejoicings . Two portraits of them are known , one as a young child , and one of them in old age that they sent to Edward , Lord Stanley , their brother 's son .
Stanley died in Knutsford and was buried in Great Budworth , Cheshire . It is thought that they chose to be buried there rather than the family plot in Ormskirk , Lancashire , to avoid their remains being close to those of Farren . Shortly before they died Stanley composed their own epitaph : `` A maid I lived and a maid I died ; I never was asked and never denied '' .
Legacy
Stanley left significant bequests as well as a £6,000 inheritance to their family . Two senior female servants each received £600 and all others with at least 3-years service received a full year 's wages . A donation of £500 was made for the upkeep of the elderly and disabled in three local parishes and gifts of between £50 and £500 were made to 21 local women , which they specified was to be spent at their sole discretion `` independent of , and free from the debts , power or control of their husband , or future husband '' . Stanley left sums of between £500 and £1,250 for infirmaries in Liverpool , Manchester , Chester and Bath , mental hospitals in Liverpool and Manchester , an asylum for the blind in Liverpool , a maternity hospital in Manchester and to the Philanthropic Society of St George for the promotion of industry and reform of criminals .
A sum of £400 was left to be used to repair and improve the footpaths they had laid out around Knutsford and to maintain the woollen church flag . This was invested in Consolidated Bank annuities , that generated a return of around 3 % per year ( £12 ) by the 1820s . The pavements were maintained , more or less unchanged , until 2014 when Cheshire East Council found them to be unsafe for the disabled . A project was begun to improve and widen the footpaths .
Stanley 's sedan chair has been used by the annual Knutsford Royal May Day procession since 1884 . Stanley was the inspiration for the Honourable Mrs Jamieson in Elizabeth Gaskell 's 1849 novel Cranford and the title character in their 1858 My Lady Ludlow , both based on their time in Knutsford .
References
Stanley family
British philanthropists
English women philanthropists
18th-century philanthropists
1720s births
1803 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
The South Euboean Gulf ( , Notios Evvoïkos Kolpos ) is a gulf in Central Greece , between the island of Euboea and the Greek mainland ( Boeotia and Attica ) . With a total length of approximately 50 km and a width of 10 to 20 km , it stretches nearly diagonally from northwest to southeast , from the Euripus Strait , which connects it to the North Euboean Gulf , to the Petalies Gulf near Agia Marina in the south .
Islands
Petalioi ( the largest islands : Megalonisos , Chersonisi ) , Kavaliani , Stouronisi
Bays by the gulf
Agion Apolstolon Bay , south
Oropos Bay , southwest
Aliveri Bay , north
Boufalo Bay , northeast
Almyropotamos Bay , northeast
Places by the gulf
Sessi Beach , south
Varnavas Beach , south
Kalamos Beach , southwest
Nea Palatia , southwest
Skala Oropou , southwest
Chalkoutsi , southwest
Pigadaki , southwest
Dilessi , west
Paralia Achlidas , west
Faros , west
Chalkida , northwest
Eretria , northwest
Amarynthos , north
Aliveri , north
Panagia , northeast
Landforms of Attica
Euboea
Gulfs of Greece
Gulfs of the Aegean Sea
Landforms of East Attica
Landforms of Central Greece
Landforms of Euboea ( regional unit )
Burachek , Burachyok ( ) is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Mykola Burachek ( 1871–1942 ) , Ukrainian impressionist painter and pedagogue
Yevgeny Burachyok ( 1836–1911 ) , Russian seaman and the second head of Vladivostok garrison
Ukrainian-language surnames
N. L. Ganasaraswathi was an Indian playback singer who sang mainly in Tamil films and some Telugu and Malayalam films . They were active in the field during the 1950s and early 60s . They sang many songs based on Carnatic music ragas . Most of their songs were used for dance sequences in the films .
Music directors
The music directors they sang for include G. Ramanathan , S. V. Venkatraman , S. M. Subbaiah Naidu , M. D. Parthasarathy , P. S. Anantharaman , K. V. Mahadevan , V. Nagaiah , Viswanathan–Ramamoorthy , A. Rama Rao , M. S. Gnanamani , G. Govindarajulu Naidu , T. R. Ramnath , Arun , Raghavan , T. R. Pappa , Aswathama , Ghantasala , Br Lakshmanan , P. S. Divakar , K. G. Moorthy and T. A. Kalyanam .
Lyricists
They sang songs penned by Suratha , M. P. Sivam , Kothamangalam Subbu , Kanakasurabhi , Thandapani , A. Maruthakasi , Kuyilan , T. K. Sundara Vathiyar , Ka . Mu . Sheriff , Kavimani Kavimani Desigavinayagam Pillai , Thirunainar Kurichi Madhavan Nair , Bharathidasan , Surabhi , Kavi Lakshmanadas , Shuddhananda Bharati , Vempati Sadasivabrahmam and V. Seetharaman .
Singers
They have sung with most of the prominent singers of the time .
Male singers they sang with
Thiruchi Loganathan
T. M. Soundararajan
S. C. Krishnan
Sirkazhi Govindarajan
T. R. Ramachandran
M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar
Kamukara Purushothaman
T. A. Mothi
V. N. Sundaram
Female singers they sang with
M. L. Vasanthakumari
P. Leela
( Radha ) Jayalakshmi
T. V. Rathnam
Jikki
A. P. Komala
A. G. Rathnamala
K. Rani
M. S. Rajeswari
Kalyani
P. S. Vaidhehi
Discography
Tamil
The following list is compiled from Thiraikalanjiyam Part 1 and Thiraikalanjiyam Part 2
References
External links
N. L. Ganasaraswathi
N. L. Ganasaraswathi Album
List of Malayalam Songs by Singer N. L. Ganasaraswathi
Indian women playback singers
Tamil playback singers
Telugu playback singers
Singers from Chennai
20th-century Indian singers
20th-century Indian women singers
Women musicians from Tamil Nadu
Possibly living people
Year of birth missing
Delta Rae ( ) is an American folk rock band formed in Durham , North Carolina . The band consists of three siblings Ian Hölljes ( vocals and guitar ) , Eric Hölljes ( vocals , guitar , piano and keys ) and Brittany Hölljes ( vocals ) , as well as Elizabeth Hopkins ( vocals ) , Mike McKee ( percussion ) and Grant Emerson ( bass guitar ) . The band feels that they do not fit into a single musical genre , but have described their sound as `` gospel-tinged country-rock , sensual blue-eyed soul and harmony-laden Americana . ”
History
Hölljes siblings
Three of the members of Delta Rae are siblings and members of the Hölljes family . They grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area where their parents instilled in them a love of music , reading , and education .
Ian and Eric Hölljes began writing music together when they were just 12 and 10-years-old , respectively . The two of them write most of the songs for Delta Rae 's music today .
The siblings grew up hearing stories of folklore , mythology , and mysticism from their mother , a Montessori school teacher . They would read Greek mythology to them and often make up melodies and music to accompany the stories . In fact , the band 's name hails from a fictional story the Hölljes ' mother wrote about a Southern girl named Delta Rae who summons the Greek gods to earth . Their mother is currently writing a book about this southern hero .
The three Hölljes siblings joined a teen a cappella group as middle schoolers in San Rafael , California called 'Til Dawn where they learned both how to write musical arrangements and how to sing as a group . In this a cappella group , they also met and became friends with their future Delta Rae bandmate , Elizabeth Hopkins .
Band formation
The band debuted at Duke University in October 2009 . Ian graduated from Duke in 2007 ; Eric graduated from Duke in 2009 . After Brittany graduated early from University of California , Berkeley , also in 2009 , and Liz had graduated from Fordham University , the band members all moved into a big house in the woods in Durham , North Carolina and officially became a band in September 2009 .
In 2010 , the band added Mike McKee , who graduated from Campbell University , and Grant Emerson , who graduated from University of North Carolina Wilmington . The 6-person formation is still in place today .
Career
Their self-titled debut EP was released in 2010 , after which they signed to Sire Records in 2012 . Their debut album Carry the Fire was released on June 19 , 2012 . It included the singles `` Morning Comes '' , `` Dance in the Graveyards '' and `` Bottom of the River '' which received airplay on VH1 .
On November 19 , 2013 , they released the EP Chasing Twisters which included a new version of their single `` If I Loved You '' featuring Fleetwood Mac guitarist Lindsey Buckingham . Delta Rae toured in support of this release for much of 2014 , including a set at Lollapalooza .
The band performed with other musicians at the 29th annual Farm Aid event , which was held on September 13 , 2014 , at Walnut Creek Amphitheatre in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Delta Rae released their second album After It All on April 7 , 2015 . It was preceded by the single `` Scared '' in addition to an East Coast tour .
In April 2015 , they played their first Australian dates as part of the Byron Bay Bluesfest , which included Counting Crows and Jurassic 5 .
The band relocated to Nashville and signed with Big Machine Label Group in February 2017 after a personnel shake-up at Warner . They quickly followed up with a couple of EP releases , A Long and Happy Life and The Blackbird Sessions .
From September through December 2018 , they held a weekly residency in Nashville which featured some big name guests and friends . Cheap Trick performed on the opening night .
In July 2019 , it was announced Delta Rae would be leaving Big Machine and a Kickstarter campaign was launched for a double album project - The Light and The Dark . The campaign passed the $ 30,000 goal immediately , making $ 60,000 within the first hour the campaign was live . It gained a significant boost as Taylor Swift 's fans reacted to their comments on the Big Machine buyout . The overwhelming response raised over 15x the original goal and saw them become the fifth biggest music Kickstarter campaign . The first installment of the Kickstarter , titled The Light , was released on March 20 , 2020 .
Eric Holljes has worked as a producer on other projects , including the upcoming album from Carrie Welling entitled High Heels and Heavy Things . Welling was scheduled to be part of Delta Rae 's 2020 tour , which was cancelled due to the COVID-19 outbreak .
The Dark a sister album to The Light , was released in 2021 .
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
Extended plays
Singles
Videography
Guest appearances
References
2009 establishments in North Carolina
American blues rock musical groups
American country rock groups
American folk rock groups
Culture of Durham , North Carolina
Musical groups established in 2009
Musical groups from North Carolina
Sibling musical groups
Vinderup station is a railway station serving the railway town of Vinderup in Jutland , Denmark .
Vinderup station is located on the Langå-Struer Line from Langå to Struer . The station was opened in 1865 with the opening of the Skive-Struer section of the Langå-Struer Line . It offers direct InterCity services to Copenhagen and Struer as well as regional train services to Aarhus and Struer . The train services are operated by Arriva and DSB with trains going approximately one time each hour all week days .
History
Vinderup station was opened on 17 November 1865 with the opening of the Skive-Struer section of the Langå-Struer Line . In 1974 the station was closed but continues as a railway halt .
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Banedanmark – government agency responsible for maintenance and traffic control of most of the Danish railway network
DSB – the largest Danish train operating company
Arriva – British multinational public transport company operating bus and train services in Denmark
Danske Jernbaner – website with information on railway history in Denmark
Buildings and structures in the Central Denmark Region
Railway stations opened in 1865
Railway stations in Denmark
Heinrich Wenck railway stations
Marios Kapsalis ( ; born 6 September 1999 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Super League 2 club Chania .
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Football League ( Greece ) players
Super League Greece 2 players
A.E . Karaiskakis F.C . players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Arta , Greece
21st-century Greek people
Lee Willie Johnson ( born 16 June 1957 ) is an American former professional basketball player . They played briefly in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) and several other leagues .
College career
Johnson played college basketball for four years at East Texas State University , before being drafted by the Houston Rockets in the 1979 NBA draft .
Professional career
Johnson played only one season in the NBA , with the Rockets and Detroit Pistons . Throughout their career , Johnson played with the Rochester Zeniths of the Continental Basketball Association , in Italy , Israel , and France , most notably for Arrigoni Rieti , with whom they won the 1979–80 season of Korać Cup , and with Maccabi Tel Aviv , from 1984 through 1987 .
Awards
1980–81 CBA Rookie of the Year
1980–81 CBA Playoffs MVP
External links
Profile —TheDraftReview.com
1957 births
Living people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men 's basketball players
Basket Napoli players
Basketball players from Arkansas
Centers ( basketball )
Detroit Pistons players
Houston Rockets draft picks
Houston Rockets players
Junior college men 's basketball players in the United States
Lega Basket Serie A players
Libertas Liburnia Basket Livorno players
Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C . players
Montana Grizzlies basketball players
Olympique Antibes basketball players
Paris Racing Basket players
People from Conway County , Arkansas
Power forwards ( basketball )
Rochester Zeniths players
Texas A & M–Commerce Lions men 's basketball players
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Fenleuton ( trade name Lofrin ) is a drug that acts as a 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor and inhibits leukotriene ( LTB4 , LTC4 , LTD4 , and LTE4 ) formation . It has been studied for potential use in veterinary medicine to treat respiratory diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) in horses .
References
Ureas
Phenylacetylenes
Leukotriene pathway inhibitors
Elizabeth Pattinson ( born 14 November 1983 ) is an English singer and songwriter .
Early and personal life
Pattinson was born on 14 November 1983 in London . They are the second of three children to their parents . Pattinson has an older sister , Victoria , and younger brother , actor Robert Pattinson . They attended Wimbledon High School , London . In January 2016 they married their long-time partner , professional climber John Oliver Dunthorne II .
Career
Pattinson has performed with the UK dance act Aurora and German duo Milk & Sugar , for which they were lead vocalist on the latter 's No . 1 Billboard Hot Dance Club Play track `` Let The Sun Shine '' .
In 2008 , Pattinson recorded background vocals for the movie Twilight , in which their brother Robert had starred as vampire , Edward Cullen . Them vocals can be heard on the track `` Who Are They ? '' by Carter Burwell . In 2011 , Pattinson recorded vocals once again with Burwell for The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn – Part 1 at Abbey Road Studios .
As of 2014 , they participated in the eleventh series of The X Factor . They reached the top 6 in their category ( the contestants older than 25 years old , the `` Over 25s '' group , mentored by Simon Cowell ) but was eliminated from the show at the judges ' houses .
See also
List of number-one dance hits ( United States )
List of artists who reached number one on the US Dance chart
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
21st-century English singers
21st-century English women singers
British house musicians
English dance musicians
English women singer-songwriters
People educated at Wimbledon High School
Singers from London
John Mathias Haffert ( 23 August 1915 – 31 October 2001 ) was an American Roman Catholic author and editor . They wrote several books , mostly on Roman Catholic themes , co-founded Catholic societies , edited Catholic magazines and lectured on Catholic issues .
Biography
Haffert received their high school and college education at Mt . Carmel College , a Carmelite seminary , and then began their career as an author and lecturer . Haffert was the co-founder of the Blue Army of Our Lady of Fatima , a Roman Catholic Marian Society which was approved by Pope Pius XII and has about 25 million members worldwide . Haffert was assisted in the creation and Daily operations of Blue Army of Our Lady of Fatima by Father Venard Poslusney . They were the editor of `` Scapular Magazine '' which helped enroll one million Americans in the Blue Army of Our Lady of Fatima and in prayer for the Soviet Union .
Haffert was a strong advocate of the message of Our Lady of Fatima and they worked with Fatima visionary Sister Lucia dos Santos to develop the `` Fatima Pledge '' in 1946 . This later became the `` Blue Army Pledge '' , in 1948 . Haffert spoke often on topics concerning the Miracle of the Sun . One of Haffert 's books , `` That Wonderful Poem '' , endorses The Poem of the Man God by Maria Valtorta , in which they explain how the Bishop of Fatima introduced them to these writings .
Haffert died at 86 in the United States .
Bibliography
John Haffert , 1950 `` Russia Will Be Converted ''
John Haffert , 1961 Meet the Witnesses of the Miracle of the Sun
John Haffert , 1966 Night of Love
John Haffert , 1970 Sex and the Mysteries
John Haffert , 1971 Sign of Heart
John Haffert , 1971 Brother and I
John Haffert , 1974 There is Nothing More
John Haffert , 1981 Dear Bishop
John Haffert , 1982 Who is the Woman
John Haffert , 1989 The Meaning of Akita
John Haffert , 1992 That Wonderful Poem
John Haffert , 1993 , Them Glorious Title
John Haffert , 1993 Them Own Words
John Haffert , 1993 Finally Russia
John Haffert , 1996 Explosion of the Supernatural
John Haffert , 1997 Now The Woman
John Haffert , 1998 , Sign of Them Heart
John Haffert , 1998 , God 's Final Effort
John Haffert , 1998 The Day I Did n't Die ,
John Haffert , 1999 Too Late
John Haffert , 1999 To Prevent This
John Haffert , 2000 Meet The Witnesses
John Haffert , 2000 Great Event
John Haffert , 2000 Deadline : The Third Secret of Fatima
John Haffert , 2000 The World 's Greatest Secret
John Haffert , 2000 Peacemaker
See also
Blue Army of Our Lady of Fatima
Our Lady of Fatima
Notes
Media
John Haffert on the Miracle of Fatima
In 1996 , John Haffert spoke about Fatima and their book “ Meet the Witnesses ” in which they personally interviewed nearly 200 witnesses to the Fatima Miracle , describing their detailed witness accounts .
External links
World Apostolate of Fatima
1915 births
2001 deaths
Carmelites
Roman Catholic writers
Muncy Junior Senior High School is located at 200 W Penn Street , Muncy , Pennsylvania . In 2016 , Muncy Junior Senior High School reported an enrollment of 435 pupils in grades 7th through 12th . It is part of the Muncy School District .
High school students can attend the Lycoming Career and Technical Center for training in the building trades , drafting & design careers , criminal justice careers , allied health careers , culinary arts and other careers . The Muncy School District contracts with the BLaST Intermediate Unit # 17 for services such as psychological testing , occupational and physical therapy services .
Extracurriculars
The Muncy School District offers a wide variety of clubs , activities and sports .
Sports
The district funds :
Boys
Baseball - AA
Basketball - AA
Football - A
Soccer - A
Tennis - AA
Wrestling - AA
Girls
Basketball - A
Field hockey - A
Soccer - A
Softball - A
Tennis - AA
Junior high school sports
Boys
Basketball
Football
Wrestling
Girls
Basketball
Field hockey
Softball
According to PIAA directory July 2016
References
Public high schools in Pennsylvania
Schools in Lycoming County , Pennsylvania
Susquehanna Valley
2032 is the twelfth studio album by Gong and the ninth album by the Daevid Allen version of the group , released on .
Overview
2032 is a further installment of the Gong mythology , the central part of which was formed with the Radio Gnome Trilogy of albums , comprising Flying Teapot in 1973 , followed by Angel 's Egg , 1973 , and You in 1974 .
While later Gong albums in the 1970s onwards did refer to elements of the Gong mythology , they were not seen as succeeding the Radio Gnome Trilogy in the same way as 2032 .
The year 2032 is mentioned quite often in Daevid Allen 's early Gong mythology writings .
The album brings together again many of the Radio Gnome Trilogy era Gong lineup , specifically Daevid Allen , Steve Hillage , Gilli Smyth , Miquette Giraudy , Mike Howlett , and Didier Malherbe .
The album describes how the heretofore invisible Planet Gong , home of the pot head pixies and octave doctors , will finally make contact with Earth in the year 2032 .
The album 's main themes are world peace and ecology .
Recording
Recorded at A-Wave Studio in London , it was produced and mixed by Steve Hillage , with additional production by Daevid Allen at the Bananamoon Observatory in New South Wales in Australia .
Release
The album is available in CD and a limited edition double LP format . The double LP comes with an LP size booklet with lyrics , and a poster portraying the numerals 2032 .
Cover
The cover of the album is a stylised 0 ( zero ) based on artwork by Daevid Allen , referencing `` Zero the Hero '' of the earlier 1973-1974 Trilogy .
Track listing
Personnel
Gong
Daevid Allen – voice , guitar
Steve Hillage – guitar
Gilli Smyth – voice , space whisper
Miquette Giraudy – synthesisers
Mike Howlett – bass
Chris Taylor – drums
Theo Travis – sax and flute
Former Gong
Didier Malherbe – duduk , sax and flute
Additional personnel
Yuji Katsui – electric violin
Elliet Mackrell – violin
Stefanie Petrik – backing vocals
References
2009 albums
Concept albums
Gong ( band ) albums
Jazz albums by British artists
Progressive rock albums by British artists
Lungani is a commune in Iași County , Western Moldavia , Romania . It is composed of four villages : Crucea , Goești , Lungani and Zmeu .
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Goodbye is the fourth and final album by British singer-songwriter duo Ben & Jason . It was released on 13 October 2003 on the independent label Setanta .
Track listing
`` Mr. America '' – 4:02
`` A Star in Nobody 's Picture '' – 4:23
`` You 're the Reason '' – 3:22
`` Hollywood ( The Story of a Domestic Explosion ) '' – 3:33
`` $ 10 Miracle '' – 4:13
`` Orphans '' – 3:37
`` Sail on Heaven 's Seas '' – 4:35
`` Window In / Window Out '' – 5:20
`` When to Laugh '' – 3:28
Japanese edition bonus tracks
`` Another Giant Step '' – 2:58
`` Air Guitar ( Home Recording ) '' – 3:31
2003 albums
Ben & Jason albums
Setanta Records albums
Baker Channel , also known as Calen Inlet , is a channel of Chile located in the Tortel , Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region . The Baker River discharges into Martinez Inlet , the northern part of this large estuary . It penetrates the mainland about and opens into Tarn Bay at the south-east corner of the Gulf of Penas . Merino Jarpa Island lies wholly within this great estuary , while at its mouth lies a group of smaller islands , called Baker Islands , which separate it from Messier Channel . Baker Channel also receives the waters of the O'Higgins/San Martín Lake through the Pascua River . The lake 's far-reaching fjord-like arms extend approximately from lat . 49° 11 ' to 48° 22 ' S. Its north-west arm is that which drains into the mentioned river .
The calving front of Jorge Montt Glacier , which is the northern glacier of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field , reaches the Baker Channel . A number of icebergs can be seen in this area .
The channel marks the northern border of the Bernardo O'Higgins National Park , and is home to the Katalalixar National Reserve on Merino Jarpa Island .
See also
Caleta Tortel
Guayaneco Archipelago
Northern Patagonian Ice Field
References
Straits of Chile
Bodies of water of Aysén Region
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1971 season .
Overview
It was contested by 6 teams , and Havnar Bóltfelag won the championship .
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Akram Masih Gill is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan .
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan on a seat reserved for minorities as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) in the 2008 Pakistani general election .
In 2011 , they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was made Minister of State for National Harmony .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
American Majority is a nonprofit organization that provides training to conservative activists and political candidates in the United States . Registered as a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization , American Majority says that it `` is dedicated to developing a new generation of American leadership that will reject the self-destructive policies associated with government expansion . ''
Overview
American Majority is registered as a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization . The organization began as an affiliate of the Sam Adams Alliance . The president of American Majority is Ned Ryun , a former presidential writer for George W. Bush and the son of former Republican U.S . Congressman Jim Ryun . Headquartered in Purcellville , Virginia , the organization conducts trainings across the country and has offices in Vermont and Wisconsin . American Majority opened its Wisconsin office in October 2010 .
Activities
The organization makes use of social media to disseminate their opinions and electoral information , and publishes guides illustrating the basics of social media . They provide guides on how to use Twitter and Facebook for political purposes .
In 2010 , 8 of 12 school board candidates that the organization trained in Oklahoma were elected . The organization also trained the state 's superintendent of public instruction , Janet Barresi , who was elected in 2010 .
When the 2011 Wisconsin protests began , American Majority organized a rally in support of Scott Walker in Madison , Wisconsin . American Majority also sponsored training sessions in Wisconsin to assist in efforts to support Governor Walker .
On the one year anniversary of Andrew Breitbart 's passing , American Majority hosted a training aimed at equipping activists with tools to carry Breitbart 's legacy forward .
In October 2011 , American Majority 's president , Ned Ryun , called on Michele Bachmann to drop out of the Republican presidential primary .
American Majority Racing was a national program of American Majority . The program was designed to target millions of NASCAR fans in an effort to register and urge conservatives to vote in the November elections 2012 elections . Having partnered with NASCAR driver Jason Bowles and car # 81 MacDonald Motorsports for the 2012 NASCAR Nationwide Series racing season , the American Majority Racing program was designed to educate Americans about how smaller government and less spending will “ Keep America Free . ”
In the spring of 2014 , American Majority-trained candidates helped flip the Menomonee Falls Village Board and Kenosha Unified School Board from having liberal majorities to conservative control .
As of 2015 , American Majority 's Wisconsin chapter had trained 128 successful candidates for state or local office and held 140 trainings in the state . Wisconsin elected officials trained by American Majority include Assemblyman Michael Schraa , Ozaukee County Judge Joe Voiland , former Wisconsin State Senator Pam Galloway , Assemblyman Paul Tittl , former Assemblyman Evan Wynn , and Assemblyman Dave Murphy .
See also
American Majority Action
References
External links
Organizational Profile – National Center for Charitable Statistics ( Urban Institute )
Political organizations based in the United States
Internet-based activism
American political websites
Conservative organizations in the United States
Charities based in Virginia
Non-profit organizations based in Purcellville , Virginia
2008 establishments in the United States
501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organizations
Lucinda Elizabeth Gooderham ( born 9 June 1984 ) is a former British rower .
Rowing career
Gooderham represented England at U23 level before teaching full-time . They made their senior British debut in 2013 .
After finishing in ninth place at both the 2013 and 2014 World Championships Gooderham was part of the British team that topped the medal table at the 2015 World Rowing Championships at Lac d'Aiguebelette in France , where they won a silver medal as part of the coxless four with Rebecca Chin , Karen Bennett and Holly Norton .
References
British female rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Living people
1984 births
Durham University Boat Club rowers
Alumni of the College of St Hild and St Bede , Durham
People from Garboldisham
was a general in the Imperial Japanese Army , commanding the Japanese ground forces for the Battle of Mindanao in 1945 , especially in the closing months of the war .
Biography
Morozumi was born in Nagano prefecture . They graduated from the 22nd class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in May 1905 , serving initially with the IJA 58th Infantry Regiment , a new regiment which had been raised as a reserve force in the closing stages of the Russo-Japanese War . As a second lieutenant , they returned to the Army 's Infantry Warfare School , where they specialized in armor . Their rise through the ranks was uneventful , serving a staff post with the Inspectorate General of Military Training , and a field posting as battalion commanders within the IJA 59th Infantry Regiment , IJA 1st Infantry Regiment , IJA 29th Infantry Regiment and IJA 65th Infantry Regiments and as commander of the Hongo Regimental District . The IJA 65th Regiment was one of the units at the Battle of Nanking in 1937 during the Second Sino-Japanese War and was accused of the massacre of prisoners of war following the battle 's end .
Morozumi was promoted to major general in August 1939 . At the start of the Pacific War , they were assigned to the IJA 39th Division , which was still engaged in operations on the Chinese mainland , including the Battle of Zaoyang–Yichang and the Central Hubei Operation . In 1943 , they became commander of the IJA 5th Depot Division
In March 1944 , Morozumi was promoted to lieutenant general and was given command of the IJA 30th Division , which was a garrison force based in Korea . However , in November of the same year , the IJA 30th Division was ordered to the Philippines and Morozumi was based in Surigao in northeastern Mindanao under the overall command of the IJA 35th Army . After General Sosaku Suzuki , commander of the IJA 35th Army transferred to Leyte in order to better coordinate defenses against the invading Allies in the Battle of Leyte , Morozumi was left in command with the defenses of the island of Mindanao , which soon came under attack by the American 24th , 31st , and 40th Infantry Divisions and the Philippine Commonwealth military including local resistance fighters .
By April 1945 , their forces were split and isolated . Morozumi was officially confirmed as commander of the IJA 35th Army after Suzuki was killed in battle on April 19th . However , in practice , Morozumi largely ignored their appointment , knowing that communications were too poor to permit any real supervision of the other elements under their nominal command . They were forced to surrender Mindanao by the war 's end .
References
External links
1884 births
1963 deaths
People from Nagano Prefecture
Japanese military personnel of World War II
Japanese generals
The 2015 season was Incheon United 's eleventh season in the K-League in South Korea . Incheon United competed in the K League Classic and the Korean FA Cup .
Current squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Coaching staff
Senior coaching staff
Youth coaching staff
Match results
K League Classic
All times are Korea Standard Time ( KST ) – UTC+9
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Korean FA Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances
Statistics accurate as of match played 29 August 2014
Goals
Assists
Discipline
References
South Korean football clubs 2015 season
2015
The Global Experience ( formerly Solar Net International ) is an international non-governmental organization that is involved with projects of global learning and Education for Sustainable Development .
History
In 2005 a group of students and teachers from the Schillergymnasium in Münster founded the association Solar Net International e.V with the aim to support the intercultural dialogue of young people around the globe . In 2006 , the organization was awarded the `` North-South Prize '' by the city of Münster . In 2011 , counting by then almost 8000 members in more than 160 nations , the organization changed its name to The Global Experience in order to set a stronger focus on the organizations main goal , which is enhancing intercultural learning experiences across the globe .
Website
In 2006 the group opened an online forum that allows members to post reports about their daily lives to share with others . Through publishing language learning videos on YouTube the online community has been growing constantly . In 2011 the website was awarded with the World Summit Youth Award that promotes best practice in e-content putting the UN Millennium Development Goals into action .
Projects
The Global Experience initiates and supports projects in the field of Education for Sustainable Development
and intercultural learning . Above that the different national groups also run own projects to improve the
access to education in their local communities .
Besides the German group , members in other countries have been forming their own associations and
projects under the name of The Global Experience , amongst others in Poland , Vietnam , Belgium , Colombia
and Zimbabwe .
Since 2007 the organization annually holds international youth conferences that invite young members from
across the world for a two weeks program to Germany in order to develop and initiate common projects .
In summer 2011 The Global Experience launched a new project called `` International Reporters '' . On their
website www.internationalreporters.org an international editorial team with students from 20 countries report
about issues of cultural awareness , sustainable development and social change . The project was recognized
in November 2011 as a good practice project for Education for Sustainable Development in Germany .
Recognition
Since its founding , this group has received recognition from several entities :
The North-South Prize of the city of Münster 2006
UNICEF Junior Ambassador 2007
The Dieter Baacke Preis ( Prize ) 2008
Official Project of the UN Decade Education for Sustainable Development in Germany 2009/2010 and 2010/2011
Winner of the World Summit Youth Award 2011 in the category `` Create your Culture ''
References
External links
The Global Experience
International Reporters
International environmental organizations
Münster
Alice Rose George ( October 23 , 1944 – December 22 , 2020 ) was an American writer , poet , curator , and photography editor .
Early life
Alice Rose George was born in Silver Creek , Mississippi , the daughter of James George and Louise Fairman George . Them parents were farmers ; their mother was also a trained pianist . They learned to play piano and graduated from Monticello High School in 1962 , and from H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College in New Orleans in 1966 , with a degree in English .
Career
George was assistant photo editor at Time magazine in the late 1960s . Throughout their career in magazines ( including Fortune and GEO ) , they nurtured and promoted early-career photographers , including Mitch Epstein , Peter Hujar , Duane Michals , Gilles Peress , Alec Soth , Nan Goldin , Jim Goldberg , Susan Meiselas , Lisa Kereszi , Philip-Lorca diCorcia , and Joel Sternfeld . In 1997 , they were on the staff of the Center for Documentary Studies at Duke University . In the aftermath of the September 11 attacks , they co-curated an exhibition of professional and amateur photographs documenting life in New York City , with proceeds benefiting a relief fund ; that show became a book , Here is New York .
George was also a poet whose work appeared in Bomb , The Paris Review , The New Republic , and The Atlantic , and in two collections , Ceiling of the World ( 1995 ) and Two Eyes ( 2015 ) . They taught in the MFA program at the University of Hartford .
Publications
Flesh and Blood : Photographers ' Images of Their Own Families ( 1992 , photography , edited with Abigail Heyman and Ethan Hoffman )
Ceiling of the World ( 1995 , poems )
A New Life : Stories and Photographs from the Suburban South ( 1997 , co-edited with Alex Harris )
Twenty-five and Under : Photographers ( 1997 , co-edited with Robert Coles )
Hope Photographs ( 1998 , photography , with Lee Marks )
Here is New York : A Democracy of Photographs ( 2002 , photography , co-edited with Gilles Peress , Michael Shulan , and Charles H. Traub )
Two Eyes ( 2015 , poems )
Personal life
George was living in Los Angeles at the time of their death in December 2020 , from a head injury after a fall . They were 76 years old .
References
External links
Alice Rose George , `` Poem : Against Spring '' Chronogram ( April 1 , 2012 )
1944 births
2020 deaths
American photographers
Women photographers
American editors
American women writers
People from Mississippi
H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College alumni
University of Hartford faculty
21st-century American women
USS Shada ( SP-580 ) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918 .
Shada was built as a private motorboat of the same name in 1908 by George Lawley & Son at Neponset , Massachusetts . On either 3 or 28 April 1917 , their owner , Mrs. G. W. Sortwell of Boston , Massachusetts , loaned them to the U.S. Navy for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I . They were commissioned on either 3 April or 22 May 1917 as USS Shada ( SP-580 ) .
Presumably assigned to the 1st Naval District in northern New England , Shada patrolled in Boston Harbor and along the New Hampshire and Maine coasts for the rest of World War I .
Shada was decommissioned on 2 December 1918 and returned to their owner on 23 April 1919 .
Notes
References
Department of the Navy Naval History and Heritage Command Online Library of Selected Images : U.S. Navy Ships : USS Shada ( SP-580 ) , 1917-1919
NavSource Online : Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive : Shada ( SP 580 )
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in Boston
1908 ships
Lists of phrases
Bushuev or Bushuyev ( Russian : Бушуев ) is a Russian masculine surname originating from the verb bushit ( make noise ) ; its feminine counterpart is Bushueva or Bushuyeva . It may refer to the following notable people :
Denis Bushuev ( born 1982 ) , Russian football player and manager
Ekaterina Bushueva ( 1962–2011 ) , Russian draughts player
Mikhail Bushuev ( 1876–1936 ) , Soviet breeding scientist who developed the Bushuyev cattle
Nikolai Bushuev ( born 1985 ) , Russian ice hockey forward
Viktor Bushuev ( 1933–2003 ) , Russian weightlifter
References
Russian-language surnames
Liu Peng ( ; born 17 October 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Heilongjiang Ice City
Club career
Liu Peng would play for the Tianjin TEDA youth team before being promoted to the senior team at the beginning of the 2010 Chinese Super League season . They would move to second tier club Shenyang Dongjin . Throughout the 2014 China League One season they joined Qingdao Huanghai on a free transfer . They would spend five seasons at Qingdao where they established themselves as regular within the team . At the beginning of the 2019 league season they would join top tier club Beijing Renhe and would make their debut in a Chinese FA Cup game on 29 May 2019 that ended in a 5-0 defeat .
Career statistics
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
China League Two players
Tianjin Jinmen Tiger F.C . players
Shenyang Dongjin players
Qingdao F.C . players
Beijing Renhe F.C . players
Heilongjiang Ice City F.C . players
Highlanding is an unincorporated community in Highlanding Township in rural Pennington County , Minnesota , United States . The community has long been popular among locals as place to socialize . Highlanding dances date back to the early-to-mid 20th century . The community serves as a popular landing and launching point for canoes and other boaters on the Red Lake River . The USGS has a river monitoring station in the community .
Highlanding does not have a unique postal code but is served by Goodridge . The community is listed on county abstracts .
A post office called High Landing was established in 1905 , and remained in operation until 1935 . The community was named for its lofty elevation .
References
Unincorporated communities in Pennington County , Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Money Talks is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Archie Mayo . The film stars Claire Windsor , Bert Roach , Owen Moore and Ned Sparks . It is written by Jessie Burns and Bernard Vorhaus , based on the story by Rupert Hughes . The film is considered partially lost .
Plot
Sam Starling ( Owen Moore ) is deep in debt , their wife Phoebe ( Claire Windsor ) is leaving them and still they are confident . When Phoebe boards a luxury yacht and is wooed by the captain , Sam comes aboard as a woman and tries to seduce the captain ( in fact , a liquor smuggler ) , away from their wife .
Cast
Claire Windsor as Phoebe Starling
Owen Moore as Sam Starling
Bert Roach as Oscar Waters
Ned Sparks as Lucius Fenton
Phillips Smalley as J.B. Perkins
Dot Farley as Mrs. Chatterton
Kathleen Key as Vamp
George Kuwa as Ah Foo
References
External links
Lost American films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1926 comedy films
1926 films
Films directed by Archie Mayo
Silent American comedy films
Films based on works by Rupert Hughes
1926 lost films
Lost comedy films
1920s American films
The Cove Island Light , at Gig Point on the island , is located in Fathom Five National Marine Park , but is not part of the Park . It is situated on the Bruce Peninsula , Ontario Canada . It has been a navigational aid in the narrow channel between Lake Huron and Georgian Bay since 30 October 1858 . It was the first of six stone Imperial Towers to be completed ; all were illuminated by 1859 . Most other lighthouses of the era were built of brick , wood , iron or concrete .
The six were built at a time when commercial shipping traffic was increasing on the Great Lakes between Canada and the U.S. because of new trade agreements and the opening of the Sault Ste . Marie Canal locks in 1855 . The settlement of the Bruce Peninsula was also well underway by then , making the lighthouses even more useful . They acted as navigational aids for the boats and ships on Lake Huron and Georgian Bay . All are currently operating as automated lights .
The Tower , Cove Island , Ontario , was formally registered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places on 14 November 2014 . The federal government restored the site in 2015–2016 .
History
The origin of the Imperial designation is not certain , but some historians speculate that because the towers were public construction built under the colonial administration while Canada was a self-governing colony of Britain , the name would assure at least some funding from the British Empire 's Board of Trade . All six Imperial towers , along with a limestone lightkeeper 's dwelling , were constructed by John Brown ( builder ) from Thorold , Ontario , a contractor and stonemason .
The design aspects of the tower are virtually identical to those of the Point Clark Lighthouse , well described in a Government of Canada document .
The lamp itself underwent several transformations starting with an Argand lamp fueled with sperm whale oil , then a flat wick coal oil lamp , replaced with an oil vapour light about 1900 . Vapourized kerosene was burned to keep the beacon aglow . An on-site generator provided electricity during the 1950s and in 1971 , an underwater power cable was laid from Tobermory to the island .
The powerful `` second order '' Fresnel lens was manufactured by the Louis Saulter Company in Paris and installed by workmen from France inside the polygonal lantern with its three rows of rectangular glass panes .
Similar in style to the other Imperial Towers lighthouses on Chantry Island , at Point Clark and on Griffith Island , Georgian Bay , the Cove Island lighthouse has five sets of stairs with 15 steps each , one set with 11 steps and the final curved iron stairway to the lamp room has nine steps ( total : 95 steps ) . An iron door leads into the lamp room . The stone lightkeeper 's cottage adjacent to the tower was built at the same time . The `` new '' lightkeepers house was built in 1970 a short distance from the tower .
This lightstation was continuously manned from 1858 to 1991 , making it the longest keeper-occupied light in Ontario .
The lighthouse tower , the original house and fog plant , a workshop , the assistant keeper 's house and the modern lightkeeper 's house make up the lightstation today . The light is currently a valuable aid to navigation operated by the Canadian Coast Guard ; it is the only Imperial Tower that is still using the original Fresnel lens . Although the facility has been renovated , access to the island is restricted so tours are not available . Views from the ferry or a private boat are excellent .
Lightkeepers
George F. Collins ( 1858–1860 ) was the first person to serve as light keeper at the Isle of Coves . Born in England , in 1817 , George Collins went to sea at the young age of 12 where they traveled the world becoming a captain by their early 20s . In 1851 , Collins immigrated to Canada to live in Kingston before moving to Collingwood in 1855 .
When the Imperial Towers were being built , applications for positions as light keepers came in from all over the country . With their maritime experience , George Collins applied for the Nottawasaga Island light near their home at Collingwood . Surprisingly , they were instead appointed keeper at the Isle of Coves . Collins ' salary was $ 435 per year .
Like the keeper at Point Clark , Collins was required to clean and whitewash the tower as required , to fuel the light and , twice a day , to wind up the clockwork-like mechanism—with weights and pulleys—that enabled the weights to rotate the lens .
David McBeath , on the other hand , applied for the light keeper 's position at Isle of Coves , and was initially given the job at Nottawasaga instead . Eventually , in 1860 , the two were able to switch jobs .
David McBeath ( 1860 - 1872 ) of all the fascinating stories the Isle of Coves Light station has to tell , nothing compares with the drama of David McBeath and their family running out of food with the lake already freezing . Provisions finally arrived on a steamship before they starved .
William McBeath ( 1872 - 1876 )
Bryce Millar , ( 1876 – 1878 )
George Currie ( 1878–1902 ) is remembered for their part in the aftermath of the sinking of the schooner 'Regina ' off Gat Point , Cove Island , on 10 September 1866 . The ship sank and the captain , Amos Tripp , a `` mysterious character '' according to some reports drowned during the storm . Their body was found on Cove Island by George Currie . The body was returned to the family two weeks later .
William Collier ( 1902 - 1903 )
Kenneth McLeod ( 1903 - 1912 )
William Simpson ( 1912 - 1915 )
Jack Leslie ( 1915 - 1945 )
Harold ( `` Hal '' ) Banas ( 1945-1946 ) lived on the island with their wife Iris and their brother , assistant keeper Earl Banas . Hal and Iris had married in a ceremony on the island .
Russell Botham , ( 1947–1948 )
William ( Bill ) Spears ( 1949–1976 ) knew that their work must continue , transmitting information to Wiarton in addition to operating the light . Even when they were seriously ill with mumps in 1954 , they had to continue radio reports while spending long days between the generator engines .
Robert ( Bob ) Nelder ( 1977 – 1981 )
Jack Vaughn was the last light keeper at Cove Island ( 1982-1991 ) . Because of automation , their role was virtually one of caretaker , particularly in the last few years .
See also
List of lighthouses in Ontario
List of lighthouses in Canada
Great Lakes Storm of 1913
: Category : Lighthouses on the Canadian Register of Historic Places
References
External links
Cove Island Lighthouse Official Website
Aids to Navigation Canadian Coast Guard
Lighthouses in Ontario
Buildings and structures in Bruce County
Lighthouses on the Canadian Register of Historic Places
Susane Colasanti ( born May 1 , 1973 ) is an author of realistic , contemporary teen novels . Before becoming a full-time author in 2007 , they were a high school science teacher for ten years , and lives in New York City .
Biography
Early life and education
Colasanti grew up in Peapack-Gladstone , New Jersey . and attended Bernards High School in Bernardsville .
Colasanti completed a bachelor 's degree from the University of Pennsylvania in Astrophysics / Earth and Space Science with a minor in psychology . They moved to Manhattan in 1996 , and completed a master 's degree from New York University in science education and physics teaching .
Before becoming an author , Colasanti was a high school teacher of earth science , physics and meteorology in Manhattan and the South Bronx .
Writing career
Colasanti 's first book When It Happens was published in 2006 . In 2007 , after its publication , Colasanti left their job as a teacher in New York City to become a full-time writer . They have since written ten other young adult novels , including the City Love series .
Colasanti currently lives in New York City as a full-time writer .
Books
When It Happens , New York : Viking , 2006 . In 842 libraries according to WorldCat .
translated into German as Falling in love : die Liebe kommt ganz unverhofft
Translated into Polish by Marcin Górecki as Gdy nadejdzie czas , 2011
Take Me There , New York : Viking , 2008 . In 688 libraries according to WorldCat .
Translated into Spanish by Sara Cano Fernández as Llévame allí , 2011
Translated into German by Barbara Abedi as Take me there eine Geschichte zum Verlieben
Translated into French by Madeleine Nasalik as La pluie , les garçons et autres choses mystérieuses
Waiting For You , New York : Viking , 2009 . In 706 libraries according to WorldCat .
Translated into Turkish by Süleyman Karakan & Nihal Kuşhan as Ne zaman geleceksin , 2009
Translated into German by Barbara Abedi as Waiting for you Geschichte über die Liebe ,
Translated into Polish as Gdy nadejdzie czas
Translated into Brazilian Portuguese as Esperando por você
Something Like Fate , New York : Viking , 2010 In 754 libraries according to WorldCat. < ref > Reviews : Kirkus , School library Journal , Booklist < /ref >
Translated into Spanish as El novio de mi mejor amiga / Something like fateTranslated into Brazilian Portuguese as Tipo destinoTranslated into Indonesian as When it happens = saat hal itu terjadiSo Much Closer , New York : Viking , 2011 . In 616 libraries according to WorldCat.Reviews : School Library Journal , , Booklist
Translated into Brazilian Portuguese as Bem mais pertoKeep Holding On New York : Viking , 2012 . In 736 libraries according to WorldCat.Reviews : Kirkus , Publishers WeeklyAll I Need . '' New York : Viking , 2013 . In 97 libraries according to WorldCat . ( as of May 2013 )
References
External links
Official website
1973 births
American women children 's writers
American children 's writers
American writers of young adult literature
Living people
Women writers of young adult literature
Writers from New Jersey
Bernards High School alumni
New York University alumni
People from Peapack-Gladstone , New Jersey
University of Pennsylvania alumni
21st-century American women
Ben Loory ( born July 11 , 1971 ) is an American short fiction writer . They are the author of the collections Stories for Nighttime and Some for the Day ( Penguin , 2011 ) and Tales of Falling and Flying ( Penguin , 2017 ) , as well as a picture book for children , The Baseball Player and the Walrus ( Dial Books for Young Readers , 2015 ) . Loory 's stories have appeared in The New Yorker , Tin House , Electric Literature , and Fairy Tale Review , and been heard on This American Life and Selected Shorts . They live in Los Angeles and teaches short story writing at the UCLA Extension Writers ' Program .
Education
Raised in Dover , New Jersey , Loory attended Dover High School .
Loory graduated from Harvard University magna cum laude in 1993 with a BA in Visual & Environmental Studies , and earned an MFA in Screenwriting from the American Film Institute in 1996 .
Short fiction and other writing
Loory 's first collection , Stories for Nighttime and Some for the Day , was published by Penguin in 2011 . It was a Fall Selection of the Barnes & Noble Discover Great New Writers Program and an August Selection of the Starbucks Coffee Bookish Reading Club . Loory 's second collection , Tales of Falling and Flying , was published by Penguin in 2017 . It earned a starred review from Kirkus , was called `` mesmerizing and magical '' by NPR , and was named a Favorite Book of the Year by the staff of the Paris Review .
Loory 's work has also appeared widely in magazines and journals , including Tin House , Electric Literature , Kenyon Review , and Gargoyle Magazine . Loory 's story `` The TV , '' first published in the April 12 , 2010 issue of The New Yorker , was named a Distinguished Story of the Year in The 2011 Best American Short Stories anthology .
Three of Loory 's stories ( `` The Duck , '' `` The Man and the Moose , '' and `` Death and the Fruits of the Tree '' ) have been heard on This American Life , and many more have been performed at Selected Shorts and WordTheatre . On December 12 , 2018 , a dance adaptation of Loory 's story `` The Cape , '' choreographed by Gabrielle Lamb of Pigeonwing Dance , was performed at Symphony Space in New York as part of the Selected Shorts `` Dance in America '' event .
As a screenwriter , Loory has worked for Jodie Foster , Alex Proyas , Mark Johnson , and others . They have also contributed creative non-fiction to the online arts and culture magazine The Nervous Breakdown .
Music
Loory is also a musician . They were a member of Soda & their Million-Piece Band , in which they played mandolin and baritone saxophone . Their music was featured in the soundtrack for the film Waitress ( 2007 ) , directed by Adrienne Shelly .
Works
Stories for Nighttime and Some for the Day ( 2011 )
The Baseball Player and the Walrus ( 2015 )
Tales of Falling and Flying ( 2017 )
References
External links
Ben Loory 's author website
Ben Loory 's facebook author page
The New Yorker : Book Bench
Kirkus Reviews : Starred Review of Stories for Nighttime and Some for the Day
Kirkus Reviews : Starred Review of Tales of Falling and Flying
AV Club Review : Stories for Nighttime and Some for the Day
Then Disappear & Then Rise Again : An Interview with Ben Loory
Ben Loory reading their story `` The Dodo ''
Ben Loory on This American Life
Ben Loory on The Leonard Lopate Show ( audio interview )
1971 births
21st-century American short story writers
American male writers
Harvard University alumni
Living people
People from Dover , New Jersey
Writers from New Jersey
`` Skittles & Iced Tea '' is a single by Christian hip hop artist Hostyle Gospel featuring John Givez , released on April 19 , 2016 . The idea of the `` Skittles & Iced Tea '' song came from the Trayvon Martin/George Zimmerman case . Martin was shot and killed on the way home from a local store to buy Skittles and iced tea . This song represents the freedom , liberty , justice and everything else that the constitution stands for .
See also
Killing of Trayvon Martin
References
Hostyle Gospel songs
2016 songs
A case mix group ( CMG ) is used in patient classification system to group together patients with similar characteristics . This provides a basis for describing the types of patients a hospital or other health care provider treats ( its case mix ) . Case mix groups are used as the basis for the Health Insurance Prospective Payment System ( HIPPS ) rate codes used by Medicare in its prospective payment systems .
Case mix groups are designed to aggregate acute care inpatients that are similar clinically and in terms of resource use . Acute care inpatients are assigned to groups based on clinical and administrative data collected via the Discharge Abstract Database ( DAD ) .
References
Medicare and Medicaid ( United States )
Ilis or ILIS may refer to :
Hilis , a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan
International Lesbian Information Service
Institut Lillois d'Ingénierie de la Santé ( Faculty of Engineering and Health Management - University of Lille )
ILIS 1936 , Internationella Luftfartsutställningen i Stockholm , a specialized World 's fair held in Stockholm in 1936 and recognised by the Bureau of International Expositions
The Chicago Bowl is a proposed NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game to be played in Chicago , Illinois at Wrigley Field . The college conferences that would have tie-ins with the bowl are the Atlantic Coast Conference and the Big Ten Conference . It would be the fourth current bowl game to be played in a Baseball stadium along with the Pinstripe Bowl , Cheez-It Bowl and newly announced Fenway Bowl . It was reported that negotiations for the bowl game had been tabled for now until an agreement can be reached with the Big Ten Conference on a higher ranked team playing in the game .
References
College football bowls
Annual sporting events in the United States
American football in Illinois
Güldenstädt 's redstart ( Phoenicurus erythrogastrus ) also sometimes called the white-winged redstart , is a species of bird in the genus Phoenicurus , family Muscicapidae . It is found in the high mountains of the southwestern and central Palearctic in the Caucasus , Karakoram , Pamir , Himalaya , Tian Shan , and Altai , in the countries of Afghanistan , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Bhutan , China , Georgia , India , Iran , Kazakhstan , Mongolia , Nepal , Pakistan , Russia , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , and Uzbekistan .
It is one of the largest redstarts , 18 cm long and 21–29 g weight . The adult male is black above except for a white crown , a white patch on the wing , and an orange-red tail ; below , the throat and upper breast are black , and the rest of the underparts a rich orange-red . The female and immature male are brown above and orange-buff below , with an orange-red tail .
It breeds at high altitudes from 3,600–5,200 m in alpine meadows and rock-fields , moving slightly lower to 1,500–4,800 m in winter where it occurs mainly in subalpine Hippophae scrub ; some populations , notably the northernmost in the mountains around Lake Baikal , migrate further , reaching northeastern China . It feeds on fruit and a wide variety of invertebrates .
Taxonomy and relationships
There are two subspecies :
Phoenicurus erythrogastrus erythrogastrus , Caucasus
Phoenicurus erythrogastrus grandis , Central Asian mountains
In plumage and size the male closely resembles the white-capped redstart Chaimarrornis leucocephalus , sharing the black upperparts and white crown , but lacking the white wing patch . Although the white-capped redstart is currently placed in a separate genus Chaimarrornis , this genus is not genetically distinct and is likely to merged into Phoenicurus in the future . Male Güldenstädt 's redstarts also show some plumage similarities to the much smaller Moussier 's redstart P. moussieri , including the white wing patch , while the females more resemble an outsized common redstart .
The scientific name was usually cited in older texts as Phoenicurus erythrogaster , though this is an error in Latin grammar .
References
Güldenstädt 's redstart
Birds of Azerbaijan
Birds of Georgia ( country )
Birds of Central Asia
Birds of Western China
Birds of the Himalayas
Güldenstädt 's redstart
Güldenstädt 's redstart
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Barnabas Nawangwe , ( born 17 January 1956 ) is a Ugandan architect , academic and the current vice chancellor of the Makerere University , the largest public university of Uganda . They served their first five-year term from 2017 until August 2022 . On 12 August 2022 , the Makerere University Council re-appointed them for a second term of five years .
Background and education
They were born in Busia District , Uganda , in the Eastern Region of the country . They attended Busoga College Mwiri for both their O-Level and A-Level education . They hold a Master of Science in architecture and a Doctor of Philosophy , both from the Kiev Institute of Building Technology .
Career
Nawangwe was a lecturer and Head of Department of Architecture , from the time the department was founded in 1987 until 2002 . They became Senior Lecturer in 1996 . In 2002 , they were appointed Associate Dean , Faculty of Technology . The following year , they became Dean , Faculty of Technology , Makerere University , serving in that capacity from 2003 until 2010 . In 2004 , they became a professor . For a period of time , starting in 2010 until 2013 , they served as the Principal , College of Engineering , Design , Art and Technology .
At the time of their election as Vice Chancellor , they served as Deputy Vice Chancellor for Finance and Administration , `` responsible for the planning , budgeting and development of the university '' .
Professor Barnabas Nawangwe was installed as Vice Chancellor of Makerere University on 14 September 2017 , at a ceremony at which the president of Uganda was the chief guest .
Membership to professional and academic organizations
Past chairperson , Architects Registration Board
Member of the Board of Trustees of the Uganda Society of Architects
Chairman of the Steering Committee of the Centre for Tobacco Control in Africa ( CTCA )
Member of the Board of Trustees of Uganda Gatsby Trust
Patron Resilient Africa Network ( RAN )
Third Board Chairman of African Research Universities Alliance
Scholarly work
Prof. Nawangwe has participated in extensive research work and has presented numerous papers at local and international conferences and published several articles in internationally reviewed journals and books .
Journal articles
Repositioning Africa in global knowledge production published in The Lancet Volume 392 issue10153 page 1163–1166 on 29 September 2018 .
User Participation in the Eyes of an Architect and Gendered Spaces published in Second International Conference on Advances in Engineering and Technology volume 1 issue 1 pages 57-63 .
The Architectural transformation of Makerere University neighbourhoods during the Period 1990–2010 in Second International Conference on Advances in Engineering and Technology published in 2011 .
The evolution of the Kibuga into Kampala 's city centre - analysis of the transformation of an African city in African Perspectives Conference Proceedings published in 2010 .
Development and Promotion of Bamboo Housing Technology in East Africa published in 2011 .
Between Global and Regional Visions : The Way Forward for Uganda 's Cities published in 2013 .
Globalization and Regionalism : Complimentary or Antagonistic Paradigms published in 2012 .
Architectural modernism : in post-independence Uganda in Conference proceedings Modern Architecture in East Africa around Independence page 149 published in 2005 .
Awards
Prof. Nawangwe was named African Educationist of the Year by the African Leadership Magazine . The African Leadership Magazine persons of the year , which is in its 10th year , is an annual award reserved for distinguished Africans , who have blazed the trail in the year under review . The Magazine is published by ALG Strategy Group and focuses on showcasing the best of Africa to a global audience , telling the African story from an African perspective ; while evolving solutions to peculiar challenges being faced by the continent today .
Other considerations
They serve as a consultant architect and has been involved in many architectural projects at the university for a period stretching back at least 20 years . They are also an external examiner at the University of Nairobi , the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm and the Oslo School of Architecture .
Succession table as Vice-Chancellor of Makerere University
References
External links
Website of Barnabas Nawangwe
1956 births
Living people
People from Busia District , Uganda
Ugandan architects
Vice-chancellors of universities in Uganda
Makerere University academics
People from Eastern Region , Uganda
Kiev Institute of Building Technology alumni
People educated at Busoga College
Pudong Football Stadium ( ) , formerly known as Jingang Road ( ) is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro . Located at the intersection of Jingang Road and East Jinxiu Road in Pudong , the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30 , 2021 . It is named after the nearby Pudong Football Stadium .
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 14 , Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
The following list contains the videography for Drake , including their own music videos and videos that feature him . The first video Drake ever appeared in was Jenna 's music video for their single `` Change You '' released in 2006 .
Music videos
As lead artist
Collaboration videos
Cameo appearances
As featured artist
Film
Television
See also
Drake discography
References
External links
October 's Very Own at Vimeo
Drake at VEVO
Videographies of Canadian artists
Videography
Buddy the Gob is a 1934 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon , the first directed by Friz Freleng . The short was released on January 5 , 1934 , and stars Buddy , the second star of the series .
The theme music played at the beginning is `` Columbia , the Gem of the Ocean . ''
Summary
A great Navy gunboat sails toward the audience and fires their weapons ; several other ships go on behind it . Buddy is a `` gob '' , a sailor onboard one of the ships , and is excited to see that they have made port in China . Jumping from the side of their ship and into a rowboat , Our Hero makes their way to land .
In the Chinese city , now , we see that a large woman carries their four children , attached by their hair to a pole straddled across their shoulders ; Buddy turns a corner and sees an older gentleman expand and compress themselves vertically in order to read a poster on the side of a building ; when the man has left , Buddy goes to read the message , which converts , for our benefit , into English : `` Grand Celebration To-day : the 150th Birthday Anniversary of the Sacred Dragon : a beautiful girl will be sacrificed to the Dragon . Come one ! Come all ! '' Leaping from straw hat-to-straw hat of five men arranged from back-to-front in ascending order of height , Buddy manages to see the grand celebration : a baton wielder bounces their belly ; a drum , held by two marchers , is host to six tiny people who jump upon it ; in addition to trumpeters and tiny men whose hats double as cymbals , the procession happens to include a pianist ! One of the masked dancers in the parade is a caricature of Jimmy Durante ( a favorite target of Warner Bros. cartoons of the time . )
Then we see the young girl to be sacrificed , in their cage , carried by two marchers ; they beg for help and weeps . Buddy is not about to let the ritual occur . But when they attempt to enter the temple into which the girl has been taken , they are ejected from the very steps by spear , and thus caught on a wall by the seat of their pants . Once free , Our Hero hears the girl 's screams from a window several stories above him . When their attempt at propelling themselves to the window by means of the spear fails , Buddy simply picks up a piece of a gate and fires the spear-like points of it , as though they were arrows , at the wall of the prison-temple , thereby forming a series of steps up which they can easily walk to reach the girl 's holding cell .
The girl 's keeper locks their cuffs , swallows the key , and steps out of the room , leaving the girl to be terrified by the imprisoned , fire-breathing dragon across the room from them Buddy enters , but can not seem to break the lock ; so they knock on the door , and stands aside , picking up a nearby barrel : the keeper steps inside , and Buddy slams the barrel over the villain 's head and body , dazing him . A swift kick in the pants , and the jailer coughs up the key . The brave little sailor frees the girl , but no sooner do they that than the bars entrapping the dragon rise and free the beast . At Buddy 's direction , the girl leaps from the window to a waiting rickshaw beneath : Buddy , after enduring the dragon 's flame on their behind , follows .
As the vehicle speedily makes away , a throng of angry , spear-wielding people notice that their sacrifice is escaping ! When their rickshaw breaks upon hitting a rock , the driver themselves becomes the escape vehicle , off of which Buddy and the girl get , preferring to run . They come to a bridge of wooden planks , suspended by ropes tied to stakes . Once on the bridge , Buddy , the rescued girl at their side , severs the ropes with a saw ; the two run across as the bridge just as surely as it falls , plank-by-plank , behind them . From one side of the valley , the angry people helplessly protest the escape as Buddy and the girl tease their pursuers . One such pursuer hurls their spear all the way across ; dodging this , the two continue to tease , but the spear , imbued with malevolent life , turns about and pricks Buddy 's rear end before falling , lifeless , to the ground . A victorious but dazed Buddy stares into the camera as the cartoon ends .
Footage reused
The opening scene , in which the ship sails towards the camera and fires their guns , is recycled for a cinematic sequence in 1935 's Buddy 's Theatre .
Also the Mice play Yankee Doodle of the Drums was reused from It 's Got Me Again ! .
References
Schneider , Steve ( 1990 ) . That 's All Folks ! : The Art of Warner Bros . Animation . Henry Holt & Co .
Beck , Jerry and Friedwald , Will ( 1989 ) : Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies : A Complete Illustrated Guide to the Warner Bros. Cartoons . Henry Holt and Company .
External links
Buddy the Gob ( Unrestored ) on Dailymotion
1934 films
1934 animated films
1930s American animated films
1930s animated short films
American black-and-white films
Films scored by Norman Spencer ( composer )
Animated films about dragons
Short films directed by Friz Freleng
Buddy ( Looney Tunes ) films
Films set in China
Looney Tunes shorts
Vitaphone short films
Lewis McKirdy ( born 12 October 1987 ) is the outgoing host of Lunch on triple j .
References
External links
Profile at Triple J
Living people
Triple J announcers
People from the Sutherland Shire
1987 births
James A. Dooley ( August 7 , 1914 – March 5 , 1978 ) was an American jurist .
Early life and education
Born in Chicago , Illinois , Dooley received their bachelor 's degree from Loyola University Chicago in 1935 and their law degree from Loyola University Chicago School of Law in 1937 . They then practiced law and was a Democrat .
Career
Dooley served in the Illinois Supreme Court from 1976 until their death in 1978 . Dooley died suddenly at their winter home in Bal Harbour , Florida as they were getting ready to return for the resumption of the Illinois Supreme Court schedule .
Notes
1914 births
1978 deaths
Politicians from Chicago
Loyola University Chicago alumni
Loyola University Chicago School of Law alumni
Illinois Democrats
Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
20th-century American judges
Ripley is a town in the Amber Valley borough of Derbyshire , England . Engineers from Ripley came up with some early improvements to the railway system .
History
Little information remains as to when Ripley was founded , but it appears in the 1086 Domesday Book , when it was held by a man called Levenot .
In 1251 Henry III granted a charter for `` one market one day a week , on Wednesday , at [ the ] manor of Ryppeleg : and one fair each year lasting three days , on the Vigil Day and Morrow of St Helen '' . Ripley Fair antedates Nottingham Goose Fair . The market day was later altered to Saturdays , with an extra market on Fridays .
Medieval Ripley was just a few stone cottages and farms around a village green , with a few dwellings further afield . Corn was ground at a mill owned by the Abbot of Darley . In 1291 , Ripley had `` two water-mills with fish ponds '' .
The Ripley area has been industrialised since the late 18th century . One of the earliest firms to take advantage of local mineral resources was the Butterley Company . It was formed in 1790 by Benjamin Outram and Francis Beresford . Jessop and Wright joined as partners in 1791 . Benjamin Outram and Jessop were pioneering engineers best known for their input into the rail industry and their engineering of the Cromford Canal . Outram developed the L-shaped flange rail and Jessop engineered the cast iron fish belly rail . The Little Eaton Gangway project was one of the engineering feats they completed . The engineering part of the company closed and the site of the Butterley Company was demolished in 2010 . The company was latterly in three parts , Butterley Engineering , Butterley Brick and Butterley Aggregates ( all separate companies ) . Over the last 200 years these have dealt with steelworks , coal mining , quarrying , railway , foundry and brickworks . One of the best-known examples of the company 's work is the arched roof of St Pancras railway station in London , recently restored as an international terminal . Recent major Butterley achievements were the design and construction of the Falkirk Wheel , a canal boat-lift funded by the Millennium Commission and the Spinnaker Tower seen in Portsmouth Harbour as the focus of its regeneration .
Ripley was also a mining community , with collieries owned by the Butterley Company until the Coal Nationalisation Act of 1947 . These included Ripley colliery ( 1863–1948 ) , Britain colliery ( 1918–1946 ) , Ormonde 1908–1970 , and other pits at Upper and Lower Hartshay , Whiteley , Waingroves , Bailey Brook , Exhibition , Loscoe , New Langley and Denby Hall .
Governance
What is now Ripley Town Hall on the north side of the Market Place was erected in 1880 as a market hall . The architect was George Eyre of Codnor . It occupied the site of a much older dwelling known as The White House . The Market Hall was originally open on the ground floor . In 1907 , it was converted into a Town Hall by the Urban District Council . In the 1990s , the building was much extended to the west and remodelled by Amber Valley Borough Council to form its headquarters . In 2012 , the Council proposed to sell off some of the buildings under a rationalization scheme .
Demography
According to research into names in Britain in 2006 , Ripley has the highest proportion of people of ethnic English origin . Of Ripley 's inhabitants , 88.5 per cent have an English ethnic background .
Education
Primary schools
Ripley Junior School , Poplar Avenue , DE5 3PN
St Johns C of E Primary School , Dannah Street , Ripley
Lons Infant School , Tavistock Avenue , Ripley
Waingroves Primary School , Waingroves Road , Ripley
Codnor Community Primary School , Whitegates
Secondary schools
The Ripley Academy , Peasehill Road , Ripley
Swanwick Hall School , Swanwick Hill , Swanwick ( 2 miles north on B6179 road )
John Flamsteed School , Derby Road , Denby ( 2.5 miles south on B6179 )
Pre-schools
Ripley Nursery School , Sandham Lane
Clowns Day Nursery , Cromford Road
Clowns Day Nursery , Butterley Park , A610
Alphabet Childminders , Ripley .
Religion
The Methodist Church in Wood Street is reputed to be the oldest church in the town that is still active . At the peak of the movement there were five Methodist churches in Ripley , but the congregations combined over the years . The church was rebuilt on the same site and reopened in November 2009 . See History of Methodism in Ripley Derbyshire
An outcome of the nearby Pentridge ( or Pentrich ) Rising of 1817 was for the Vicar of Pentrich Church to call for an Anglican church to be built in Ripley as soon as possible . All Saints ' Church , Ripley was erected in 1821 by the Butterley Company .
Other places of worship include the Salvation Army hall in Heath Road , which was opened in 1911 , the Springs of the Living Water housed in the former St John 's Church in Derby Road , the Spiritual Church in Argyll Road , and Marehay Methodist Chapel in Warmwells Lane , Marehay .
Transport
Running under the premises of the Butterley Company is the Butterley Tunnel on the Cromford Canal . The central section of the canal is disused , but a charitable fund has been formed to reopen it .
Ripley is the site of Midland Railway – Butterley ( formerly the Midland Railway Centre ) , a trust dedicated to preserving railway locomotives , rolling stock and other items related to the Midland Railway .
Ripley was once served by Ripley railway station on the Midland Railway Ripley Branch . It was the northern terminus of the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Company and later of the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire trolleybus system .
Media
Ripley 's local radio station , Amber Sound FM , is based in the Unicorn Business Park off Wellington Street . The station broadcasts on 107.2FM in the Amber Valley and online .
Parks and natural features
Butterley Reservoir , at the bottom of Butterley Hill in the north of the town , has pairs of great crested grebe , coot , moorhens and other birds to watch , and platforms for anglers to use . There is a footpath that takes in the scenery , with the Midland Railway Trust in the background .
Wildlife and a small woodland area can be enjoyed at Carr Wood , signposted from halfway down Butterley Hill .
At the bottom of Moseley Street , next to the Red Lion pub in Ripley Town Centre , is a recreation area named after Sir Barnes Wallis , which offers views over to Crich Stand , the Sherwood Foresters Memorial . Crich Stand was built by Francis Hurt in 1778 and in 1922 dedicated to the fallen of the Sherwood Foresters Regiment ( colloquially known as the Woofers ) in World War I . It is now the memorial for those in the Regiment who died in all conflicts .
The Pit Top is an open area with some seating and a white arch sculpture . The grassed area is the site of the original Ripley Colliery , owned by Butterley Company and worked from 1863 until 1948 .
Crossley Park is a few acres of grassed land opened in 1935 . It is surrounded by shrubs and trees on a tract given to the town by James Crossley in 1901 . It has a children 's play area with a paddling pool , a paved perimeter walk , and a bandstand used as such occasionally on late Sunday afternoons in the summer .
Twin towns
Ripley is twinned with the French towns of Château-Renault and Lons-le-Saunier .
Community and facilities
The headquarters of Derbyshire Constabulary is on the outskirts of Ripley at Butterley Hall .
Ripley has a community hospital with a minor accident and emergency department that opened on 7 September 1912 . The hospital was built after the death of a miner injured at Pentrich Colliery , who did not survive the road journey to Derby in time for treatment . The Ripley Hospital League of Friends has been an active fund-raising group for the hospital throughout its history .
Ripley has a Scout group founded in 1914 . For younger children it has two Beaver colonies and a Cub pack .
Notable residents
Gavin Butt ( born 1967 ) , an art historian based at Goldsmiths , University of London , was born in Ripley .
Arthur Octavius Edwards ( 1876–1960 ) , a civil engineer who built and managed the Grosvenor House Hotel in London , was born in Ripley .
Agnes Elizabeth Slack , a leading temperance campaigner , was born here in 1858 .
John Bamford Slack ( 1857–1909 ) , Liberal MP and prominent Methodist , was born in Ripley .
Andy Sneap ( born 1969 ) , a heavy metal record producer and thrash metal musician , whose company Backstage Productions is based in the town
Bombardier Charles Stone ( 1889–1952 ) , awarded the VC , was born in Ripley .
Sir James Outram , 1st Baronet ( 1803–1863 ) , born in Ripley , fought in the Indian Rebellion of 1857 and became known as the `` Bayard of India '' . They were buried in Westminster Abbey .
Sir Barnes Wallis ( 1887–1979 ) , inventor of the `` bouncing bomb '' , was born in Ripley . They have a town park named after him , and a pub , The Sir Barnes Wallis , until it was demolished in 2021 . Their house of birth bears a blue plaque . Their father was a doctor at The Elms in Derby Road .
Arms
References
External links
Ripley Town Council
Geography of Amber Valley
Towns in Derbyshire
Viktor Petrovich Yeliseyev ( , born June 9 , 1950 ) is a Russian general , orchestra conductor and music teacher . They are the director of the Rosgvardia Academic Song and Dance Ensemble , one of the two Russian Red Army Choirs .
Biography
Yeliseyev was born in 1950 in Moscow , Russia to Pyotr and Serafima . They graduated the October Revolution Musical Academy ( today the Schnittke Moscow State Institute of Music ) . They then served as a soldier in the Ministry of the Interior ( 1969–1971 ) , after which they became the choirmaster in their former unit . In 1976 , Eliseev graduated from the Gnessin State Musical College , specializing in choir conducting .
Eliseev has been a part of the Ministry of the Interior Ensemble since its founding in 1973 , holding various roles . They started out as a choirmaster , becoming the head choirmaster and vice-director in 1977 . In 1985 they became the head of the ensemble , and in 1995 also head of the MVD Cultural Center . In 1998 they became a professor in the Moscow Conservatory .
Eliseev has married three times and has two children , one from the first and one from the third marriage . They live in Moscow . In 2012 they underwent a much-publicized divorce with their then-spouse Irina .
Performances and work
Under Eliseev 's direction , the MVD ensemble produced by french impresario Thierry Wolf has performed in various countries , including Bulgaria , Czechoslovakia , Germany , Hungary , North Korea , Italy , Greece , Brazil , Mexico , Switzerland , the UAE , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar , Spain , China , Turkey and Israel . Eliseev was a jury member in the 1999 international soldiers ' song contest held in Sochi .
Awards and honors
Eliseev is a People 's Artist of the RSFSR ( 1988 ) and a recipient of the Russian Federation Presidential Certificate of Honor .
References
1950 births
Military personnel from Moscow
People 's Artists of the RSFSR
Russian choral conductors
Russian major generals
20th-century Russian male singers
Living people
21st-century Russian conductors ( music )
Russian male conductors ( music )
21st-century Russian male musicians
Musicians from Moscow
Samoa and China ( PRC ) established official diplomatic relations in 1976 . The two countries currently maintain cordial relations ; China provides economic aid to Samoa .
The current Ambassador of China in Samoa is Ma Chongren . Samoa has not yet appointed resident diplomatic personnel in China , but has announced its intention to do so .
Context
detailed article : Sino-Pacific relations
Oceania is , to the People 's Republic of China and the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , a stage for continuous diplomatic competition . Ten states in Oceania recognise the PRC , and four recognise the ROC . These numbers fluctuate as Pacific Island nations re-evaluate their foreign policies , and occasionally shift diplomatic recognition between Beijing and Taipei . In keeping with the `` One China '' policy , it is not possible for any country to maintain official diplomatic relations with `` both Chinas '' , and this `` either/or '' factor has resulted in the PRC and the ROC actively courting diplomatic favours from small Pacific nations . In 2003 , the People 's Republic of China announced it intended to enhance its diplomatic ties with the Pacific Islands Forum , and increase the economic aid package it provided to that organisation . At the same time , PRC delegate Zhou Whenzhong added : `` [ T ] he PIF should refrain from any exchanges of an official nature or dialogue partnership of any form with Taiwan '' . In 2006 , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced that the PRC would increase its economic cooperation with Pacific Island States . The PRC would provide more economic aid , abolish tariffs for exports from the Pacific 's least developed countries , annul the debt of those countries , distribute free anti-malaria medicines , and provide training for two thousand Pacific Islander government officials and technical staff . Also in 2006 , Wen became the first Chinese premier to visit the Pacific islands , which the Taipei Times described as `` a longtime diplomatic battleground for China and Taiwan '' . Similarly , according to Ron Crocombe , Professor of Pacific Studies at the University of the South Pacific , `` There have been more Pacific Islands minister visits to China than to any other country '' .
Current relations
Samoa has consistently recognised the People 's Republic of China since 1976 .
In 2007 , the PRC provided Samoa with an x-ray machine and several volunteer doctors . In 2008 , the PRC donated over €1,360,000 to Samoa to fund its education policies .
In March 2008 , following unrest in Tibet , the speaker of the Samoan Fono ( legislative assembly ) , Tolofuaivalelei Falemoe Leiʻataua , stated that foreign leaders should not interfere with China as it deals with `` internal affairs '' , and that they should not meet the Dalai Lama .
In June 2008 , Samoa announced it would be opening diplomatic missions in China and Japan - the country 's first diplomatic offices in Asia . In September , the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement indicating that China and Samoa have always `` conducted fruitful cooperation in the fields of economy , trade , agriculture , sports , culture , education and health , as well as international affairs '' , and that China intended to `` make more tangible efforts to support Samoa 's economic and social development '' .
See also
Sino-Pacific relations # Samoa
References
Samoa
Bilateral relations of Samoa
Timothy Daniel Bergland ( born January 11 , 1965 in Crookston , Minnesota , and raised in Thief River Falls , Minnesota ) is a retired American ice hockey player .
Playing career
Selected by the Washington Capitals in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft , they did not make it onto the Capitals ' roster until the 1989–90 season when their defensive play helped guide the Capitals to their first-ever semifinals appearance .
Left exposed in the 1992 NHL Expansion Draft , Bergland was claimed by the Tampa Bay Lightning . They would have a second tour with the Capitals , albeit briefly , when they were claimed on waivers during the 1993–94 season .
Bergland retired from active play in 1999 after playing several seasons with the Chicago Wolves of the International Hockey League . Played 7 games in Finland during 1997-98 season .
Coaching
Head Coach 1999-2004 Fergus Falls
Assistant Coach 2004-2008 Thief River Falls Prowlers boys hockey team .
Head coach 2008-current Thief River Falls Prowlers boys hockey team .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
External links
Profile at hockeydraftcentral.com
1965 births
Living people
People from Crookston , Minnesota
American men 's ice hockey right wingers
Atlanta Knights players
Baltimore Skipjacks players
Binghamton Whalers players
Chicago Wolves ( IHL ) players
Fort Wayne Komets players
HIFK ( ice hockey ) players
Ice hockey players from Minnesota
Minnesota Golden Gophers men 's ice hockey players
People from Thief River Falls , Minnesota
Tampa Bay Lightning players
Washington Capitals draft picks
Washington Capitals players
St. John Neumann High School ( often abbreviated to SJN ) is a co-educational private , Roman Catholic high school in Naples , Florida . It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Venice in Florida . The school is named after Saint John Neumann , the fourth bishop of Philadelphia and considered to be a pioneer in Catholic Education , and guided by the educational ethos of Blessed Edmund Rice and the Christian Brothers .
History
St. John Neumann High School was founded in 1980 under the auspices of the Augustinian Fathers . The inaugural first-year student class of 27 students were taught in temporary facilities at nearby St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic Church until the school building was completed in the Golden Gate community of Naples . It included twelve classrooms , laboratories , administrative offices , and a gym . Stewardship was later passed to the Congregation of Christian Brothers . Enrollment increased through the 1990s , and due to the challenges of limited space a second wing was added to the school in 1997 , which included five new classrooms , a computer lab , a small chapel , a library and media center , and administrative offices . A science center with new biology labs was added in 2009 .
Performance
100 % graduation rate .
Over 98 % of graduates have been admitted to college each year .
Notes and references
External links
School Website
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Congregation of Christian Brothers secondary schools
High schools in Collier County , Florida
Buildings and structures in Naples , Florida
Roman Catholic Diocese of Venice in Florida
1980 establishments in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1980
Calicoan is a Philippine island east of Leyte Gulf , off the southeastern point of Samar . It is one of the islands that are part of the municipality of Guiuan , in the province of Eastern Samar . The island can be reached from Tacloban City by a three-hour bus ride .
Calicoan Island has white sand beaches with rocky bottoms . In the middle of the island are six lagoons ringed by forest , the largest being in size . At the cliff side margin of Calicoan 's forests are dozens of caves . On the northern tip of Calicoan are wetlands , teeming with fish , shrimp , and crabs .
The rich diversity of the area is evident when one sees the exotic species being sold . The surrounding waters support several marine-based industries such as fish farming , seaweed farming , and pearl farming .
During the landfall of Typhoon Haiyan ( Super Typhoon Yolanda ) in 8 November 2013 , large sections of the eastern coast of the island were seriously damaged .
During World War II the island was part of a large US Navy base Leyte-Samar Naval Base .
External links
Eastern Samar Website
Islands of Eastern Samar
Guiuan
Gongzhu Temple or Princess Temple ( ) is a Buddhist temple located in Xingyuan Township of Fanshi County , Shanxi , China .
History
The original temple dates back to the 4th century , in the Northern Wei ( 386–534 ) . Legend said that the temple was built by Princess Chengxin , the fourth daughter of Emperor Wencheng .
According to the Records of Qingliang Mountain ( ) , the temple belonged to the jurisdiction of Mount Wutai .
On 18 August 1986 , the temple was designated as a provincial key cultural preservation unit by the Shanxi Provincial Government .
On 25 May 2006 , it was listed among the sixth batch of `` Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Shanxi '' by the State Council of China .
Architecture
The entire complex faces the south . Along the central axis are the Shanmen , Second Hall , Mahavira Hall , and Back Hall .
Mahavira Hall
The Mahavira Hall still preserves the architectural style of the Ming dynasty . It has single-eave overhanging gable roof with a high base . Inner walls are painted with frescos over . There are thirty Ming dynasty ( 1368–1644 ) statues in the hall . In the middle is Sakyamuni , statues of Amitabha and Bhaisajyaguru stand on the left and right sides of Sakyamuni 's statue . In front of Sakyamuni stand Ananda and Kassapa Buddha on the left and right . The statues of Eighteen Arhats sitting on the seats before both sides of the gable walls .
Gallery
References
Buddhist temples in Xinzhou
Buildings and structures in Xinzhou
Tourist attractions in Xinzhou
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Shanxi
The 1986 Barking and Dagenham Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Barking and Dagenham London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
108 candidates nominated in total . Labour again ran a full slate and was the only party to do so . By contrast the Conservative Party ran only 21 candidates whilst the combined SDP-Liberal Alliance and the Liberal Democratic Focus Team ran 24 .
Election result
Labour continued to win a large majority of seats - 35 out of 48 . The Conservatives and the Residents Association each held their 3 seats . The SDP–Liberal Alliance/Liberal Focus Team won 5 seats and 2 Independents were also elected .
Ward results
Abbey
Alibon
Cambell
Chadwell Heath
Eastbrook
Eastbury
Fanshawe
Gascoigne
Goresbrook
Heath
Longbridge
Manor
Marks Gate
Parsloes
River
Thames
Triptons
Valence
Village
By-elections between 1986 and 1990
Gascoigne
The by-election was called following the death of Cllr . Alan R. Beadle .
Fanshawe
The by-election was called following the death of Cllr . Ernest A. Turner .
Marks Gate
The by-election was called following the resignation of Cllr . Donald I. Pepper .
River
The by-election was called following the resignation of Cllr . Patricia A. Twomey .
Abbey
The by-election was called following the resignation of Cllr . Abdul M. Khokhar .
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Iraca may refer to :
Iraca , priest and ruler of the Muisca
The Iraca Valley , where the seat of the iraca ; Sugamuxi is situated
Iraca ( Incan god ) , god of the Incas
Iraca ( crater ) , crater on Saturn 's Moon Rhea , named after the Incan god
Carludovica palmata , called palma de iraca in Spanish
Alexandre Iracà , Canadian politician
The Chinese Taipei Rugby Football Union ( CTRFU ) ) ( ) is the rugby union governing body in the Taiwan ( Republic of China ) . Because of Taiwan 's complex relationship with the People 's Republic of China , the union competes under the name Chung Hua Taipei or `` Chinese Taipei '' , rather than as either Taiwan or the Republic of China .
History
The Taiwan Provincial Rugby Committee was founded in 1935 , and joined the International Rugby Football Board ( now World Rugby ) in 1986 . Concerning its foundation , the efforts of Ke Zhi-Zhang ( a.k.a . Ka Shi-Sho : 柯子彰 in Japan ) can not be overlooked .
Teams
Chinese Taipei national rugby union team – the men 's national rugby union team
Chinese Taipei women 's national rugby union team – the women 's national rugby union team
Chinese Taipei national rugby sevens team – the men 's national 7 's team
See also
Rugby union in Taiwan
Sports in Taiwan
External links
Chinese Rugby Football Association
Chinese Taipei on world.rugby
References
Rugby union in Taiwan
Taiwan
Rugby
Taiwan
1935 establishments in Taiwan
The McKenzie Pass–Santiam Pass Scenic Byway is an National Scenic Byway in the U.S. state of Oregon . The route is a loop designed to provide a tour of the high Cascade Range northwest of Bend , passing over both McKenzie Pass and Santiam Pass .
Route description
The route begins on its eastern end at the town of Sisters in northern Deschutes County . It follows Oregon Route 126 westward over Santiam Pass south of Three Fingered Jack , then south along the valley of the McKenzie River . It then follows Oregon Route 242 eastward over McKenzie Pass , north of the Three Sisters then back to the town of Sisters . The route is considered a summer tour route , since the road over McKenzie Pass is closed in winter due to snowfall .
History
The McKenzie Pass–Santiam Pass Scenic Byway was designated a National Forest Scenic Byway on February 8 , 1989 . It was later made an Oregon State Scenic Byway on February 19 , 1997 before becoming a National Scenic Byway on June 9 , 1998 .
Major intersections
References
External links
1989 establishments in Oregon
Cascade Range
Deschutes National Forest
National Forest Scenic Byways
National Scenic Byways
Scenic highways in Oregon
Transportation in Deschutes County , Oregon
Transportation in Linn County , Oregon
Willamette National Forest
U.S. Route 20
Anastasiya Nikolayevna Nifontova ( ; born 19 January 1979 ) is a Russian rally raid motorcycle rider .
Niftontova won the FIM Women 's Cross-Country Rallies World Cup in 2015 and 2021 . They were the first Russian woman to take part in the Dakar Rally in the motorcycle category , finishing second among female motorcycle racers in the 2017 . They became the first woman to finish in this rally-raid in the Original by Motul category , in which the participants compete without technical support .
Nifontova has been married twice and has two children , Maria and Timofey .
References
1979 births
Living people
Russian motorcycle racers
Enduro riders
Racing drivers from Washington , D.C .
Off-road motorcycle racers
Dakar Rally motorcyclists
Female motorcycle racers
Jory Restaurant , or simply Jory , is a restaurant at the Allison Inn and Spa in Newberg , Oregon , United States .
Description and reception
Jory offers farm-to-table dining . The Modern American menu has included English pea soup , halibut with asparagus , and Oregon pinot noirs . Frommer 's gives the restaurant a rating of three out of three stars and says :
Jory was included in Wine Enthusiast magazine 's 2017 list of `` America 's 100 Best Wine Restaurants '' . In 2018 , Gerry Frank included the Allison Inn and Spa and Jory in The Oregonian 's overview of `` the best of the Willamette Valley '' .
Forbes Travel Guide rates the restaurant four out of five stars , as of 2022 .
See also
List of New American restaurants
References
External links
Jory Restaurant at the Allison Inn and Spa
Jory at Zomato
New American restaurants in Oregon
Newberg , Oregon
Anaclastic may refer to :
Anaclastic lens
Substitution ( poetry )
Maria de Lourdes `` Malu '' da Silveira Mäder ( born 12 September 1966 ) is a Brazilian actor .
Biography
Born in Rio de Janeiro , they are the daughter of Rubens Tramujas Mäder , a Brazilian army colonel ( who gives their name to the RJ-163 highway , which goes to Penedo ) and Ângela Maria da Silveira , a social worker . They are of Lebanese , Luxembourgish and Portuguese descent . At age 10 they were taken by their cousin Maísa , who was starting to date their older brother , to watch the play Capitães da Areia , and then they decided to perform .
In 1972 , they enrolled in the course for actors at the Tablado Theater , directed by Maria Clara Machado , and had as teacher Carlos Wilson , director of Capitães da Areia and also actor Louise Cardoso as a teacher .
Personal life
They have been married since 1990 to musician , presenter and writer Tony Bellotto , who is part of the Brazilian rock band Titãs . Actress Betty Gofman was the mediator of the couple 's formation . Two children were born from the union , João Mäder Bellotto , born May 14 , 1995 , and Antonio Mäder Bellotto , born September 1 , 1997 .
Filmography
2021 : Feira das Vaidades
2018 : Tempo de Amar - Ester Delamare ( Special appearance )
2016 : Haja Coração - Rebeca
2013 : Sangue Bom - Rosemere
2010 : Ti Ti Ti - Suzana
2008 : Sexo Com Amor ? - Paula ( film )
2007 : Eterna Magia - Eva Sullivan
2004 : Sexo Amor & Traição - Ana
2003 : Celebridade - Maria Clara Diniz
2002 : O Invasor - Cláudia/Fernanda
2001 : Sítio do Picapau Amarelo - Cuca disguised as Malu Mader
2001 : Bellini and the Sphinx - Fátima
2000 : Brava Gente ( episode : `` Dia de Visita '' ) - Delourdes
1999 : Força de um Desejo - Ester Delamare
1998 : Labirinto - Paula Lee
1997 : A Justiceira - Diana
1996 : A Vida Como Ela É ...
1993 : O Mapa da Mina - Wanda Machado
1992 : Anos Rebeldes - Maria Lúcia
1991 : O Dono do Mundo - Márcia
1989 : Top Model - Duda ( Maria Eduarda )
1988 : Fera Radical - Cláudia
1987 : O Outro - Glorinha da Abolição
1986 : Anos Dourados - Lurdinha
1985 : Ti Ti Ti - Valquíria
1984 : Corpo a Corpo - Beatriz Fraga Dantas ( Bia )
1983 : Eu Prometo - Dóris Cantomaia
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Actresses from Rio de Janeiro ( city )
Brazilian people of Lebanese descent
Brazilian people of Luxembourgian descent
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian telenovela actores
Brazilian film actores
20th-century Brazilian actores
21st-century Brazilian actores
Canadian Commonwealth Games or Canadian British Empire Games may refer to :
1930 British Empire Games , in Hamilton , Ontario
1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games , in Vancouver , B.C .
1978 Commonwealth Games , in Edmonton , Alberta
1994 Commonwealth Games , in Victoria , B.C .
Halifax bid for the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games Canada
Canada at the Commonwealth Games
See also
Canadian olympics ( disambiguation )
Canadian paralympics ( disambiguation )
Canadian Pan Am Games ( disambiguation )
Joseph Gavin Collier ( born 1942 ) is a British retired clinical pharmacologist and emeritus professor of medicines policy at St George 's Hospital and Medical School in London , whose early research included establishing the effect of aspirin on human prostaglandins and looking at the role of nitric oxide and angiotensin converting enzyme in controlling blood vessel tone and blood pressure . Later , in their national policy work , they helped change the way drugs are priced and bought by the NHS , and ensured that members of governmental advisory committees published their conflicts of interest .
In 1986 they became a whistleblower when they revealed to the Commission for Racial Equality that software used for medical-school admissions selection at St George 's was intentionally discriminating against women and ethnic minorities , by creating a lower score for women and those with non-European names so reducing their chance of being called for interview . Initially shunned within the institution , they were publicly thanked several years later for bringing the procedure to its attention . Their work led to reviews of admissions policy to institutes of higher education throughout the UK .
They were editor of the Drug and Therapeutics Bulletin from 1992 to 2004 , president of the International Society of Drug Bulletins from 2002 to 2005 and was a former member of the UK Medicines Commission from 1998 .
Early life and education
Joseph Gavin Collier was born to pharmacologist H. O. J. Collier and actor Patience Collier . They also had two daughters , who later became the textile designers Sarah Campbell and Susan Collier .
After attending Cambridge , Collier gained admission to St George 's Medical School in London to study medicine in 1964 and graduated in 1968 . They gained a MD in 1975 .
Career
Collier 's career at St George 's continued until their retirement in 2007 . They were the school 's first clinical pharmacologist and in 1998 was appointed professor of medicines policy . Amongst the lecturers they supervised were David Webb , Sir Patrick Vallance , and Emma Baker .
Research
They interspersed their junior medical training with two days a week at a laboratory situated in the Royal College of Surgeons in Lincoln 's Inn Fields , run by John Vane . In 1969 , Collier confirmed , with Dornhorst , Lands ' findings of β1-receptors in the heart and β2-receptors in the airways , in humans , and `` suggested that the respiratory stimulation produced in man by β-receptor stimulants is a β1-action and is not linked with bronchodilatation . '' In 1971 , they co-authored a paper with Rod Flower showing that therapeutic doses of aspirin reduced prostaglandin E and F in human semen .
Their early research included looking at the veins of the back of the hand , and the behaviour of human peripheral blood vessels , being first to develop methods for studying how human veins respond to drugs and natural mediators in vivo and developed the idea that human veins and arterioles have very different pharmacologies . Through this work they classified vasoactive drugs as veno-selective , arteriolar-selective or non-selective , and that depending on their selectivity they would have different effects in disease .
They later looked at the role of nitric oxide and angiotensin converting enzyme in controlling blood vessel tone . In 1987 , they set out with Patrick Vallance to investigate whether human blood vessels demonstrated endothelium-dependent relaxation , a term coined in 1980 by Robert F. Furchgott and John V. Zawadzki after discovering that a large blood vessel would not relax when its single-layered inner most lining was removed . They subsequently showed that the occurrence was mediated by what they called endothelium-derived relaxing factor , later found to be nitric oxide , and it was subsequently shown to occur in a variety of animals . Using veins from the back of a human hand , Collier and their team reproduced Furchgott and Zawadzki 's findings . They then demonstrated that the human arterial vasculature is actively dilated by a continuous release of nitric oxide . In 1996 , Vallance presented their and Collier 's findings at the Goulstonian Lecture of the Royal College of Physicians , where they gave details of the connection between nitric oxide and blood pressure .
Commission for Racial Equality
Collier became a whistleblower in 1986 when , following their report published jointly with psychiatrist A. W. Burke , they informed the Commission for Racial Equality ( CRE ) that software used for medical-school admissions selection at St George 's had been developed to intentionally discriminate against women and ethnic minorities , by mimicking methods of previous admissions officers . It was creating a lower score for women and those with non-European ( Asian , African and Arabic ) names so reducing their chance of being called for interview .
Collier 's findings led to an enquiry , both internal by St. George 's and external by the CRE , and a subsequent report was published entitled Medical School Admissions : Report of a formal investigation into St. George 's Hospital Medical School ( 1988 ) . Like Collier and Burke , the report also raised the question of what might be happening in other London medical schools ; St. George 's already had a higher than average intake of students with non-European names . Collier was initially shunned within the institution and denied a due professorship . As attitudes changed , their position improved ; they were promoted to professor and eventually the medical school publicly thanked him .
They discussed their experience in an article in the British Medical Journal in 1999 when they recalled that they `` was ostracised , became invisible , told I [ he ] had brought the organisation into disrepute ” . Changes in admissions procedures to institutes of higher education have since been made throughout the UK and Collier has since been acknowledged for contributing towards greater equality in recruitment practices .
National policy
In their national policy work , they raised awareness of how drugs are priced , brought to the market and regulated , in addition to how they are evaluated , licensed and promoted , and how drug safety advice is produced and revised . They have spoken of the `` excesses of industry '' , despite several general practitioners finding the pharmaceutical educational material they received as useful .
In 1993 , they were appointed lead adviser on medicines to Parliament 's Health Select Committee . In 1998 , they were appointed to the Medicines Commission . They were one of the specialist scientific advisors who helped change the way drugs are priced and bought by the NHS . In 2007 , Collier contributed to the report by the Office of Fair Trading , which recommended that drug prices to the NHS should be in accordance with their clinical value . In addition , they worked to ensure that members of governmental advisory committees published their conflicts of interest .
Drug and Therapeutics Bulletin
Collier began working for the Drug and Therapeutics Bulletin ( DTB ) in 1969 . In 1972 , they became its deputy editor and member of the DTB 's Advisory Council , after at first being associate editor . They succeeded Andrew Herxheimer , who founded the bulletin , as its editor in 1992 , and over the following 12 years shaped the bulletin in response to new challenges of the time , including the growth in electronic information , evidence-based guidelines , a growing demand to engage the public and healthcare workers and the establishment of the National Institute for Clinical Excellence ( NICE ) .
Drug safety
In 1985 , they complained to the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry that of 28 drug advertisements in the November 1985 issue of the British Medical Journal , 11 were in breach of the Medicines Act of 1968 .
Known to frequently question evidence and arguments accepted by others , under their editorship in 1998 , the DTB opposed the Department of Health 's view and supported the provision of sildenafil on the NHS .
They later suggested that people should contribute to treatment agreements by signing their own prescriptions .
With regards to off-label prescribing of drugs for children , Collier argued that “ the validity of such an approach is questionable because there are such great differences between adults and children , and even between children of different ages , with regard for instance to the pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic responses to drugs , [ … ] , and the effects of drugs on normal growth and development ” .
Other roles
Collier is a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians . They were elected president of the International Society of Drug Bulletins in 2002 and is a former member of the British Medicines Commission .
Personal and family
In 1965 , Collier met French philosophy student , Rohan . They married in 1968 and had three sons , the eldest of who died suddenly in 2013 . They have one grandchild . Following retirement Collier has become an active blogger and fluent in French .
Awards and honours
In 2002 , a walnut sculpture by Elona Bennett of several hands , including Collier 's , was unveiled at St. George 's . Titled `` Handing on Skills , Ideas and Ideals '' , their hands feature alongside those of other people , including Edward Jenner and John Hunter .
Selected publications
Papers
Books
The Grey Book ; Guidelines for the management of common medical emergencies and for the use of antimicrobial drugs . London ; St Georges 's University of London , February 2015 , 62nd edition
References
Further reading
External links
Articles by Collier in The Lancet
1942 births
Academic journal editors
British pharmacologists
British science writers
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Clinical pharmacologists
Ee Snehatheerathu or Saamam is a 2004 Malayalam film directed by Kaviyoor Sivaprasad and written by Ramakrishnan , starring Kunchacko Boban , Umashankari Sumithra , Lal , Nedumudi Venu and Jagathy Sreekumar . Kunchacko Boban won the Special Jury Award at the Kerala State Film Awards for this movie .
Plot
Viswanathan ( Kunchacko Boban ) who is idealistic to a fault , suspicious of an evil-doer but kind-hearted Gounder ( Lal ) . Nathan 's father Sasthri ( Nedumudi Venu ) has been enjoying Gounder 's largesse but Nathan refuses to believe that it comes no strings attached . It makes them fiercely protective of their mother ( Jayaprada ) and sister ( Suja Karthika ) .
Nathan teaches at a `` parallel college '' where their student ( Uma Shankari ) falls for their charm .
Cast
Kunchacko Boban as Vishwanathan
Umashankari Sumithra as Gayathri
Jaya Prada as Lekshmi , Vishwanathan 's Mother
Lal as Chinnappa Gounder
Ravi Menon ... Gayathri 's Father
Kannur Sreelatha .... Gayathri 's Mother
Nedumudi Venu as Sashtri , Vishwanathan 's Father
Jagathy Sreekumar as Parasheri
Suja Karthika as Divya , Vishwanathan 's Sister
Sudheesh as Ganesh
Arun as Murugan , Chinnappa Gounder 's brother
Cochin Haneefa
Soundtrack
All songs were composed by Dr. L. Subramaniam , with lyrics by S. Ramesan Nair .
References
External links
2000s Malayalam-language films
2004 films
Films directed by Kaviyoor Sivaprasad
Films scored by L. Subramaniam
Riis Skov ( Riis ' Forest or The Forest of Riis ) is a forest and park in Århus , Denmark . It is located south of the district of Risskov , along the Bay of Aarhus .
History
This small patch of forest , was formally presented to Aarhus in 1395 , by Queen Margaret I. Riis Skov was the first public forest in Denmark , where forests traditionally were owned and managed by the Royal family or the nobility and in some cases ordinary farmers . Timber and firewood were very important resources in former times , needed for shipbuilding , house construction and various other important structures , or simply for heating and cooking . Although Riis Skov was a public forest , there was still active forestry going on until around the year 1800 , when the large oaks were cut and used for quay-building in the Aarhus harbour . A few of them are still left , as some of the oldest trees in the forest . The forestry aspect gradually diminished and Riis Skov was increasingly viewed as a recreational area by the citizens .
On the evening of October 2 , 1951 , at 18:15 , a meteorite exploded above Aarhus and one of two pieces was recovered in Riis Skov , just a few minutes after impact . A memorial stone commemorates the event .
Recreation
Riis Skov has a long cultural history as a recreational area for Aarhus and its citizens and several buildings in the forest still stands as witnesses ; the public sea-bath Den Permanente from 1933 , the inn of Sjette Frederiks Kro ( named after King Frederik VI ) from 1825 , Aarhus Citizens Shooting Associations headquarters from 1881 and the old Dancing Pavillon from 1869 , now a hostel . The forest is a protected area and the commercial forestry activities are limited nowadays .
Nature
The forest is largely dominated by beech , but with oak , larch , maple , ash and birch mixed in at some places . Although beech is dominant , Riis Skov is not a natural beech forest and new trees are planted occasionally to replenish the old growth .
As a curiosity , the forest floor of Riis Skov is covered by ramsons in the spring . It is said , that this culinary plant was brought here by camping Spanish soldiers during the Napoleonic wars . While Spanish soldiers indeed camped in Aarhus , ramson have been growing in Denmark since the last glacial period and it might have been here in Riis Skov since the 13th century , before the Spaniards came along .
References
Sources
Helge Daus ( 2010 ) : `` Riis Skov - Europas mest besøgte skov '' Forfatterforlaget ATTIKA ,
Excursions in Riis Skov ( pdf ) Aarhus Municipality ( Naturemanagement ) ( 2004 )
External links
Excursions in Riis Skov ( pdf ) Aarhus Municipality ( Naturemanagement ) ( 2004 )
Urban forests in Denmark
Forests of Aarhus
Parks in Aarhus
Aarhus N
Volvox is a polyphyletic genus of chlorophyte green algae in the family Volvocaceae . It forms spherical colonies of up to 50,000 cells . They live in a variety of freshwater habitats , and were first reported by Antonie van Leeuwenhoek in 1700 . Volvox diverged from unicellular ancestors approximately .
Description
Volvox is a polyphyletic genus in the volvocine green algae clade . Each mature Volvox colony is composed of up to thousands of cells from two differentiated cell types : numerous flagellate somatic cells and a smaller number of germ cells lacking in soma that are embedded in the surface of a hollow sphere or coenobium containing an extracellular matrix made of glycoproteins .
Adult somatic cells comprise a single layer with the flagella facing outward . The cells swim in a coordinated fashion , with distinct anterior and posterior poles . The cells have anterior eyespots that enable the colony to swim toward light . The cells of colonies in the more basal Euvolvox clade are interconnected by thin strands of cytoplasm , called protoplasmates . Cell number is specified during development and is dependent on the number of rounds of division .
Reproduction
Volvox is facultatively sexual and can reproduce both sexually and asexually . In the lab , asexual reproduction is most commonly observed ; the relative frequencies of sexual and asexual reproduction in the wild is unknown . The switch from asexual to sexual reproduction can be triggered by environmental conditions and by the production of a sex-inducing pheromone . Desiccation-resistant diploid zygotes are produced following successful fertilization .
An asexual colony includes both somatic ( vegetative ) cells , which do not reproduce , and large , non-motile gonidia in the interior , which produce new colonies asexually through repeated division . In sexual reproduction two types of gametes are produced . Volvox species can be monoecious or dioecious . Male colonies release numerous sperm packets , while in female colonies single cells enlarge to become oogametes , or eggs .
Kirk and Kirk showed that sex-inducing pheromone production can be triggered in somatic cells by a short heat shock given to asexually growing organisms . The induction of sex by heat shock is mediated by oxidative stress that likely also causes oxidative DNA damage . It has been suggested that switching to the sexual pathway is the key to surviving environmental stresses that include heat and drought . Consistent with this idea , the induction of sex involves a signal transduction pathway that is also induced in Volvox by wounding .
Colony inversion
Colony inversion is a special characteristic during development in the order Volvocaceae that results in new colonies having their flagella facing outwards . During this process the asexual reproductive cells ( gonidia ) first undergo successive cell divisions to form a concave-to-cup-shaped embryo or plakea composed of a single cell layer . Immediately after , the cell layer is inside out compared with the adult configuration—the apical ends of the embryo protoplasts from which flagella are formed , are oriented toward the interior of the plakea . Then the embryo undergoes inversion , during which the cell layer inverts to form a spheroidal daughter colony with the apical ends and flagella of daughter protoplasts positioned outside . This process enables appropriate locomotion of spheroidal colonies of the Volvocaceae . The mechanism of inversion has been investigated extensively at the cellular and molecular levels using the model species , Volvox carteri .
Habitats
Volvox is a genus of freshwater algae found in ponds and ditches , even in shallow puddles . According to Charles Joseph Chamberlain ,
`` The most favorable place to look for it is in the deeper ponds , lagoons , and ditches which receive an abundance of rain water . It has been said that where you find Lemna , you are likely to find Volvox ; and it is true that such water is favorable , but the shading is unfavorable . Look where you find Sphagnum , Vaucheria , Alisma , Equisetum fluviatile , Utricularia , Typha , and Chara . Dr. Nieuwland reports that Pandorina , Eudorina and Gonium are commonly found as constituents of the green scum on wallows in fields where pigs are kept . The flagellate , Euglena , is often associated with these forms . ''
History
Antonie van Leeuwenhoek first reported observations of Volvox in 1700 .
After some drawings of Henry Baker ( 1753 ) , Linnaeus ( 1758 ) would describe the genus Volvox , with two species : V. globator and V. chaos . Volvox chaos is an amoeba now known as Chaos ( genus ) sp .
Evolution
Ancestors of Volvox transitioned from single cells to form multicellular colonies at least , during the Triassic period . An estimate using DNA sequences from about 45 different species of volvocine green algae , including Volvox , suggests that the transition from single cells to undifferentiated multicellular colonies took about 35 million years .
References
External links
Volvox description with pictures from a Hosei University website
YouTube videos of Volvox :
Volvox micro-motility in Lake Oroville , CA
Life cycle and inversion
Waltzing Volvox
Spinning Volvox
Volvox , one of the 7 Wonders of the Micro World by Wim van Egmond , from Microscopy-UK
Volvox carteri at MetaMicrobe.com , with modes of reproduction , brief facts
1700 in science
Chlamydomonadales
Chlamydomonadales genera
is a Japanese monthly literary magazine published in Japan .
History and profile
Gunzō was first published in October 1946 as oriented publication . The magazine is published by Kodansha .
The past contributors for the magazine include : Kenzaburō Ōe , Haruki Murakami and Yoriko Shono . Along with Shinchō , Bungakukai , Subaru and Bungei magazines , Gunzō is among the leading thick literary magazines in Japan .
Gunzō is also aimed at discovering new talent , both among writers and critics . It runs the annual Gunzo Prize for New Writers , and provides informational support for the Noma Prize . It had a policy of running stories anonymously to encourage people not to read stories for the name of the author .
References
External links
Official website
1946 establishments in Japan
Literary magazines published in Japan
Monthly magazines published in Japan
Kodansha magazines
Magazines established in 1946
Castrisch ( ) is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden . Until 1943 , it was officially known as Kästris . On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Castrisch , Ilanz , Ladir , Luven , Pitasch , Riein , Ruschein , Schnaus , Sevgein , Duvin , Pigniu , Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion .
History
Castrisch is first mentioned in 765 as Castrices .
Geography
Before the merger , Castrisch had a total area of . Of this area , 40.8 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 51.3 % is forested . Of the rest of the land , 3.3 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) and the remainder ( 4.6 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
The former municipality is located in the Ilanz sub-district of the Surselva district . It lies on the old route over the Vorderrhein river and on the route from Schluein to Safien . Until 1943 Castrisch was known by its German name as Kästris .
Demographics
Castrisch had a population ( as of 2011 ) of 396. , 2.9 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -1.9 % . Most of the population ( ) speaks Romansh ( 48.5 % ) , with German being second most common ( 48.1 % ) and Spanish being third ( 1.2 % ) .
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.0 % male and 49.0 % female . The age distribution , , in Castrisch is ; 53 children or 12.9 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 66 teenagers or 16.0 % are between 10 and 19 . Of the adult population , 39 people or 9.5 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 59 people or 14.3 % are between 30 and 39 , 81 people or 19.7 % are between 40 and 49 , and 33 people or 8.0 % are between 50 and 59 . The senior population distribution is 29 people or 7.0 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 23 people or 5.6 % are between 70 and 79 , there are 26 people or 6.3 % who are between 80 and 89 there are 3 people or 0.7 % who are between 90 and 99 .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 37.9 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the SP ( 28.4 % ) , the CVP ( 17.5 % ) and the FDP ( 12.1 % ) .
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated . In Castrisch about 69 % of the population ( between age 25-64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either University or a Fachhochschule ) .
Castrisch has an unemployment rate of 1.27 % . , there were 22 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 8 businesses involved in this sector . 13 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 5 businesses in this sector . 33 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 8 businesses in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
References
External links
Ilanz/Glion
Former municipalities of Graubünden
The Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse is a collection of 22 fairy tales written by Hermann Hesse between the years of 1904 and 1918 and translated by Jack Zipes . A list of the individual fairy tales and the year in which they were written follows . This collection was published in 1995 and is the first English translation for most of the tales .
Stories
`` The Dwarf '' , 1904
`` Shadow Play '' , 1906
`` A Man by the Name of Ziegler '' , 1908
`` The City '' , 1910
`` Dr. Knoegle 's End '' , 1910
`` The Beautiful Dream '' , 1912
`` The Three Linden Trees '' , 1912
`` Augustus '' , 1913
`` The Poet '' , 1913
`` Flute Dream '' , 1914
`` A Dream About the Gods '' , 1914
`` Strange News from Another Planet '' , 1915
`` Faldum '' , 1916
`` A Dream Sequence '' , 1916
`` The Forest Dweller '' , 1917
`` The Difficult Path '' , 1917
`` If the War Continues '' , 1917
`` The European '' , 1918
`` The Empire '' , 1918
`` The Painter '' , 1918
`` The Fairy Tale About the Wicker Chair '' , 1918
`` Iris '' , 1918
Eight of these stories also appeared in Strange News from Another Star ( Märchen ) , a short story collection originally published in German in 1919 and in English in 1972 , translated by Denver Lindley . The stories are :
`` Augustus ''
`` The Poet ''
`` Flute Dream ''
`` Strange News from Another Planet '' ( titled `` Strange News from Another Star '' )
`` The Difficult Path '' ( titled `` The Hard Passage '' )
`` A Dream Sequence ''
`` Faldum ''
`` Iris ''
External links
Germanic , Slavic & Semitic Studies ; The University of California . The Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse .
1995 short story collections
Short story collections by Hermann Hesse
Bantam Books books
Albert Douglas ( April 25 , 1852 – March 14 , 1935 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1907 to 1911 .
Biography
Born in Chillicothe , Ohio , Douglas attended the public schools of Chillicothe and a preparatory school . They graduated from Kenyon College , Gambier , Ohio , in 1872 and from Harvard Law School in 1874 . They were admitted to the bar in 1874 and commenced practice in Chillicothe , Ohio . They served as prosecuting attorney of Ross County 1877–1881 . Presidential elector in 1896 for McKinley/Hobart .
Douglas was elected as a Republican to the Sixtieth and Sixty-first Congresses ( March 4 , 1907 – March 3 , 1911 ) . They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1910 to the Sixty-second Congress , and resumed the practice of law in Chillicothe , Ohio . They were appointed Ambassador Extraordinary to represent the United States at the centennial of the independence of Peru in 1921 . They retired and resided in Washington , D.C. , until their death in that city on March 14 , 1935 . They were interred in Grandview Cemetery , Chillicothe , Ross County , Ohio , USA .
Sources
External links
1852 births
1935 deaths
Politicians from Chillicothe , Ohio
Kenyon College alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
American diplomats
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio University trustees
1896 United States presidential electors
Burials at Grandview Cemetery ( Chillicothe , Ohio )
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Life After People is a television series on which scientists , mechanical engineers , and other experts speculate about what might become of planet Earth if humanity suddenly disappeared . The featured experts also talk about the impact of human absence on the environment and the vestiges of civilization thus left behind . The series was preceded by a two-hour special that aired on January 21 , 2008 , on the History Channel which served as a de facto pilot for the series that premiered April 21 , 2009 . The documentary and subsequent series were both narrated by James Lurie .
Format
The program does not speculate on how humanity may disappear , stipulating only that it has , and that it has done so suddenly , leaving everything behind including household pets and livestock that have to fend for themselves . The thought experiment is based on documented results of the sudden removal of humans from a geographical area and thus , the discontinuation of the maintenance of buildings and urban infrastructure . Lurie 's narration begins :
The series ' episodes thematically offer examples of urban and biological decay . The focus is on specific locations such as skyscrapers , religious icons , bridges and dams , and government buildings , and the fate of certain related objects , such as artifacts , documents and human bodies . The fate of some kinds of flora and fauna are covered as well . Each episode also contains a segment in which experts examine real locations that have been abandoned by people , including ghost towns and other sites of deterioration , where the deterioration has been caused by events similar to those outlined in the episode . Although the series speculates on the fates of landmarks around the world , the main focus is on situations that may occur at locations in the United States .
The various events that may occur after people disappear suddenly are depicted using CGI dramatizations . The timeline of predicted events begins approximately one day after the disappearance of humankind and extends up to one hundred million years into the future ( one day , one week , one year , 10 years , 15 years , 25 years , 50 years , 100 years , 200 years , etc . ) .
Tagline
The program 's tagline is the ominous greeting :
Episodes
Series overview
Special ( 2008 )
Season 1 ( 2009 )
Season 2 ( 2010 )
Home media
A & E Home Video has released these DVDs :
That of the original documentary :
Title : Life After People ( History Channel ) .
UPC : 733961110906 .
DVD Release Date : March 18 , 2008 .
Run Time : 94 minutes .
That of the first season of the series :
Title : Life After People : The Complete Season One .
UPC : 733961155303 .
DVD Release Date : October 27 , 2009 .
Run Time : 470 minutes .
That of the second season of the series :
Title : Life After People : The Complete Season Two .
UPC : 733961221626 .
DVD Release Date : July 27 , 2010 .
Run Time : 425 minutes .
Ratings
The two-hour special documentary had an audience of 5.4 million viewers and was the most watched program ever on the History Channel . The program was broadcast in the United Kingdom on Channel 4 and narrated by Struan Rodger on May 29 , 2008 and in Australia on Channel Seven on November 25 , 2008 , edited down to air for 90 minutes , with narration by Australian television presenter Simon Reeve .
See also
10 Ways to End the World
Aftermath ( TV series ) , a similar TV series
Aftermath : Population Zero
The World Without Us
The Future is Wild
After Man
References
External links
of production company
Australian website
Channel 4 ( UK ) website
( original documentary )
( series )
2008 American television series debuts
2009 American television series debuts
2010 American television series endings
Channel 4 original programming
Documentary films about environmental issues
Ecological restoration
English-language television shows
History ( American TV channel ) original programming
Documentary television series about science
Urban decay
Thought experiments
Human extinction
Documentary television shows about evolution
The 1991 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 60th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1929 .
Meath entered the championship as the defending champions , however , they were defeated by Dublin in a Leinster first round replay .
The All-Ireland final was played on 15 September 1991 between Cork and Mayo , in what was their first meeting in a final in six years . Cork won the match by 1-09 to 1-07 to claim their eighth championship title overall and their first title since 1981 .
Cork 's Podsie O'Mahony was the championship 's top scorer with 0-27 .
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Connacht first round
Connacht semi-finals
Connacht final
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Leinster first round
Leinster quarter-finals
Leinster semi-finals
Leinster final
Munster Minor Football Championship
Munster first round
Munster semi-finals
Munster final
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Ulster preliminary round
Ulster quarter-finals
Ulster semi-finals
Ulster final
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland semi-finals
All-Ireland final
References
1991
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Antanas Vaičius ( 5 April 1926 – 25 November 2008 ) was a Lithuanian Roman Catholic prelate , who served as an Apostolic Administrator ( 1982–1989 ) and Diocesan Bishop ( 1989–2001 ) of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Telšiai .
Early years
Born in Geidučiai , present day Skuodas District Municipality , in a farmers family with four sisters and one brother , Antanas Vaičius during 1934–1943 studied in Šačiai , Mosėdis and Skuodas schools and joined to the Telšiai Bishop Vincentas Borisevičius Priest Seminary , where studied until 1946 , when this seminary was closed by Soviets . From 1946 to 1951 they studied in the Kaunas Priest Seminary . During their studies , they were ordained to the priesthood for the Diocese of Telšiai by bishop Kazimieras Paltarokas on 24 September 1950 .
Pastoral and diocesan work
Father Vaičius worked as an assistant priest , and after – as a parish priest in a various parish of the Diocese of Telšiai : Plungė , Žygaičiai , Klaipėda , Salantai , Lauko Soda , Akmenė , Viekšniai and Telšiai . On 3 October 1975 they were elected as a Vicar Capitluar for the vacant Diocese of Telšiai and in 1982 – for the Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Klaipėda .
On 5 July 1982 , Pope John Paul II appointed them Titular Bishop of Sullectum and Apostolic Administrator of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Telšiai . Bishop Vaičius received their episcopal consecration on 25 July 1982 in the Cathedral Basilica of apostles St. Peter and St. Paul of Kaunas from Bishop Liudas Povilonis , with Bishops Romualdas Krikšciunas and Vincentas Sladkevičius as co-consecrators . During 1988–1993 they served as the vice-president of the Lithuanian Bishops ' Conference .
Bishop Vaičius retired on 26 May 2001 , after reaching the age limit of 75 years old and lived in Telšiai .
References
1926 births
2008 deaths
People from Skuodas District Municipality
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Lithuania
Bishops appointed by Pope John Paul II
Mahmud Taymur ( 16 June 1894–25 August 1973 ) was a fiction writer . They contributed to several publications .
Biography
They were born in Cairo on 16 June 1894. into a family famous for literature . Their father , Ahmed Taymour ( 1871-1930 ) was a well-known writer , who was known for their broad interests in Arab heritage , and they were a researcher in the arts of Arabic language , literature and history . Ahmed Taymur left a great library , which is `` Timurid '' , which is considered an ammunition for researchers to date in the Egyptian Books House , including the anecdotes of books and manuscripts . Their brother Mohammed wrote the first short story in Arabic literature . Mahmud Taymur was among the contributors of Al Katib Al Misri , a Cairo-based literary magazine which was launched in October 1945 .
References
20th-century Egyptian writers
1894 births
1973 deaths
Egyptian male writers
Egyptian short story writers
Writers from Cairo
Diane Adair Gaidry ( October 11 , 1964 – January 30 , 2019 ) was an American film and theatre actor .
They are best known for the character , Simone , in Loving Annabelle , and also starred in The Dogwalker , directed by Jacques Thelemaque . They also supported and forwarded film as co-creator and executive director of the independent filmmaker collective , Filmmakers Alliance .
Gaidry died on January 30 , 2019 due to liver failure after a battle with cancer .
Early life
Gaidry was born October 11 , 1964 , on Ellsworth Air Force Base in Rapid City , S.D. , the daughter of Barbara ( née Cunningham ) and Thomas Gaidry , and sister of Brian Gaidry . Diane grew up in Buffalo , New York .
They moved to Snyder , New York in their youth and attended Amherst Junior and Senior high schools before graduating from the Buffalo Academy for Visual and Performing Arts in 1982 . They earned a bachelor 's degree in acting from the New York University Tisch School of the Arts .
Acting career
Diane portrayed Simone Bradley in 2006 film Loving Annabelle directed by Katherine Brooks . Them characterization won them the Grand Jury Award for Outstanding Actress at L.A. Outfest . Gaidry was probably best known for their portrayal of this character .
In 1993 , they co-founded the non-profit , Los Angeles based , independent filmmaking collective , Filmmakers Alliance . They also performed lead roles in some of the feature-length films that came out of the collective , including The Dogwalker , which played at the Los Angeles Film Festival and won Best First Feature at Cinequest and America So Beautiful , which played at the Berlinale , and was theatrically released in Paris . Them short film performance credits included “ Transaction ” which won the Grand Prix du Jury at Clermont-Ferrand . They also acted in maverick filmmaker , Rob Nilsson 's feature , Need . During their two decades in Los Angeles , Gaidry also did several guest appearances on television shows , including the hit series , Medium .
In later years Gaidry made their home in Buffalo , NY where they grew up , and performed on stage with some of Buffalo 's local theatre companies .
Gaidry appeared in many theatrical productions in Buffalo , NY over the years , mostly with cutting-edge Torn Space Theater , where they appeared in Storehouse , Motion Picture , Uncle Vanya , Blood on the Cat 's Neck , They Who Gets Slapped , Procession and Trace . At Subversive Theatre , they appeared in In the Beginning , and for the Irish Classical Theatre Co. , they played Dona Lucia in Charley 's Aunt and Mary Tyrone in Eugene O'Neill 's Long Day 's Journey Into Night , as well as running their life coaching business , Vérité . In 2012 , Gaidry acted in We Are Not Afraid of the Dark and performed in six cities in Europe .
Additional artistic projects
Gaidry starred in the music video for `` Here Waiting '' with Mishaele Richardson and Emovere .
They also starred in the `` Bravado- Passenger '' music video .
Gaidry participated in a film project , the 3600 series , by photographer and artist Tania Saraiva in which Saraiva documented an authentic hour of Gaidry 's life .
Gaidry participated in a narrative short video , `` Soliel '' .
Life coach
Gaidry received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in acting from New York University Tisch School of the Arts and received a master 's degree in psychology from the University of Santa Monica .
They opened a life coaching business , Verite , in Buffalo New York in 2008 . The name of their business , Verite , was inspired by the film genre , cinéma vérité .
Gaidry stated , `` Verite is truth . By aligning more consistently with our authentic self , we connect more fully with our joy , passion , and sense of purpose . We experience greater fulfillment , grace , abundance , and ease . We are in the flow . Through weekly or bi- weekly coaching conversations , I assist my clients in identifying their authentic voice as opposed to the voice of the inner critic . I hold a safe space for my clients to examine and challenge perspectives and patterns that may be limiting their fulfillment and joy . We are living in a time of profound change , uncertainty , and transformation and many of us are experiencing tremendous upheaval in our lives as a result . What if you could “ be the change you want to see in the world ” ? Each and every one of us has valuable gifts to share with each other and the world . What are your unique strengths , passions , and gifts ? Are you sharing them fully ? How would your life and the lives of everyone you meet be enriched if you were living your truth ? What could the world look like when you feel more empowered and are empowering others to share their gifts ? ''
Personal life
Gaidry was married twice . They were first married to the Filmmakers Alliance co-creator and director Jacques Thelemaque .
Them second husband was Thomas K. Walker . They had two stepdaughters , Bella and Tess Walker , and one stepson , Ian Walker , via their second marriage .
Illness and death
Gaidry was diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer , known as HER2-positive , in January 2018 . They were determined to be `` cancer free '' in August 2018 only to have the cancer return and spread to their brain and other parts of their body . They used both holistic and traditional approaches to treatment .
They noted , `` I 've learned a lot and in many ways , I 'm grateful to the cancer for serving as such a powerful teacher . I 've learned that regardless of whether or not something has been said a million times before , it has not been said from my perspective and voice . I 've learned that there are no guarantees that I will have a voice tomorrow or next week or next year , so if I have something to say , I might want to do that today '' .
They also stated , `` If I had n't had the tools and the perspective from being a coach , I would n't have seen this cancer as an opportunity and a gift . It 's not the most fun gift , but it has deepened my awareness and perspective that there are possibilities in dark times . This journey has changed me forever , and I appreciate my life , the blessings , the people , and every moment now in a way that I could n't have before . It 's beautiful . ”
They died on January 30 , 2019 at home surrounded by family and friends .
Filmography
Summer Dreams : The Story of the Beach Boys ( 1990 ) as Shawn
Frankenstein : The College Years ( 1991 ) as Friend
Ed McBain 's 87th Precinct : Lightning ( 1995 ) ( TV ) as Annie
The Shy and the Naked ( 1998 ) as Party Girl
Love Without Socks ( 1998 )
Egg ( 2001 ) as Greta
America So Beautiful ( 2001 ) as Lucy
The Dogwalker ( 2002 ) as Ellie
Birth of Industry ( 2004 ) as Maya
The Act ( 2004 ) as Waitress
Transaction ( 2005 ) as Angela
Need ( 2005 ) as Petite
Medium ( TV ) , 1 episode ( 2005 ) as Nurse
Loving Annabelle ( 2006 ) as Simone Bradley
Concerned Lady for America ( 2006 ) as Beverly
The Rainbow Bridge Motel ( 2018 ) as Lidia
References
External links
Audio Interview with Gaidry
Video Interview with Gaidry about The Dog Walker ( 2010 )
Video with Gaidry about Loving Annabelle
Audio conversation with Gaidry
YouTube channel
External links
1964 births
2019 deaths
American film actores
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Place of death missing
People from Rapid City , South Dakota
Actresses from Buffalo , New York
University of Santa Monica alumni
Stanisławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately east of Żmudź , south-east of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Baykal ( ) is a village in Nizhnetavdinsky District of Tyumen Oblast , Russia .
Rural localities in Tyumen Oblast
Paschal Sweeney ( born in 1912 in Woodville ) was an Australian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Vanimo . They were elected Provincial of the Passionist Fathers in 1952 , and subsequently moved to Papua New Guinea to take up mission work . They were appointed bishop in 1966 . They died in 1981 .
References
1912 births
1981 deaths
Australian Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Vanimo
Clarence Clement `` Shovel '' Hodge ( July 6 , 1893 – December 31 , 1967 ) , was an American Major League Baseball pitcher who played from 1920 to 1922 with the Chicago White Sox . Listed at tall and , they batted left and threw right-handed .
Hodge had a 14–15 record with a 5.17 earned run average in 75 career games in their three-year career . They batted .250 with 29 hits as a big leaguer .
After their playing days they were an umpire in the Southern Association and Alabama State League . They also managed as `` Mutt '' Hodge in the Alabama-Florida League in 1936 , 1950 and 1955 .
They were born in Clayton , Alabama , and died in Ft. Walton Beach , Florida .
External links
1893 births
1967 deaths
Americus Muckalees players
Baseball players from Alabama
Brunswick Pilots players
Charleston Seagulls players
Chicago White Sox players
Columbus Foxes players
Lincoln Links players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Minor league baseball managers
Minor league baseball umpires
Montgomery Lions players
Montgomery Rebels players
Nashville Vols players
New Orleans Pelicans ( baseball ) players
People from Clayton , Alabama
San Francisco Seals ( baseball ) players
Tulsa Oilers ( baseball ) players
Wichita Falls Spudders players
Arve Grøvan Walde ( born 19 May 1985 in Bergen , Norway ) is a footballer playing for Fyllingsdalen . They are a younger brother of former club-colleague Knut Walde .
Career
Walde debuted for Brann 's first team in 2003 , but apart from a short period in 2004 , they never managed to establish themselves in the starting line-up . In 2006 , Walde was loaned out to the local club Løv-Ham , where they reunited with their brother Knut Walde . The clubs agreed on a one-year loan deal . Walde also signed a two-year contract with Brann before being loaned out to Løv-Ham . Before the 2007 season , however , they signed a contract making them Løv-Ham-player on a permanent basis . In 2012 Løv-Ham merged to form Fyllingsdalen , where Walde continued to play .
Honors
Norway
Norwegian football cup : 2004
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Norwegian Christians
Norwegian footballers
SK Brann players
Eliteserien players
Løv-Ham Fotball players
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Bergen
Demophon or Demophoon may refer to :
Mythology
Demophon of Athens , son of Theseus and Phaedra
Demophon of Eleusis , or Demophoon , son of King Celeus and Queen Metanira
Music
Demofonte or Demofoonte , 1731 Italian-language libretto by Metastasio
Demofoonte ( Gluck ) , 1743 Italian-language opera by Christoph Willibald Gluck
Demofoonte ( Mysliveček , 1775 ) , Italian-language opera by Josef Mysliveček
Demofoonte ( Mysliveček , 1769 ) , Italian-language opera by Josef Mysliveček
Demofonte ( Berezovsky ) , 1773 Italian-language opera by Maksym Berezovsky
Démophon , 1789 French-language opera by Johann Christoph Vogel
Démophoon , 1788 French-language opera by Luigi Cherubini
Other
Demophon ( seer ) , a seer in Alexander 's entourage
See also
4057 Demophon , asteroid named after Demophon of Athens
A like-kind exchange under United States tax law , also known as a 1031 exchange , is a transaction or series of transactions that allows for the disposal of an asset and the acquisition of another replacement asset without generating a current tax liability from the sale of the first asset . A like-kind exchange can involve the exchange of one business for another business , one real estate investment property for another real estate investment property , livestock for qualifying livestock , and exchanges of other qualifying assets . Like-kind exchanges have been characterized as tax breaks or `` tax loopholes '' .
U.S. Tax Code section 1031
This kind of transaction is also called a `` 1031 exchange '' , because Internal Revenue Code section 1031 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code allows owners of certain kinds of assets to defer capital gains taxes on any exchange of like-kind properties . Both the relinquished property and the acquired property must be like-kind , and must be held for business or investment purposes . The sum of assets of each side of the exchange must be equal in value . Taxes on capital gains are not charged upon sale of a property if a qualifying replacement property is acquired . The transaction has to be properly structured , including that the taxpayer can not be deemed to have actually or constructively received the sales price of the relinquished property . To avoid `` constructive receipt '' of the sales proceeds , a neutral party is often used to maintain the sales proceeds out of the reach of the taxpayer . The replacement property generally must be `` identified '' within 45 days of when the original property is transferred , and must be `` acquired '' within 180 days of when the original property is transferred . If the transaction is handled properly , the payment of tax is deferred until the replacement property is later sold with no reinvestment in a qualifying property .
The idea behind this section of the tax code is that when an individual or a business sells a property to buy another , no economic gain has been achieved . There has simply been a transfer from one property to another . For example , if a real estate investor sells an apartment building to buy another one , they or they will not be charged tax on any gains they or they made on the original apartment building . When the investor sells the original apartment building and purchases a new one , the value used from the original to buy the new one has not changed – the only thing that has changed is where the value resides .
Non-recognition provision
A like-kind exchange is a type of `` non-recognition provision '' . According to section 1001 ( c ) of the Internal Revenue Code , all realized gains and losses must be recognized `` except as otherwise provided in this subtitle '' . A like-kind exchange is one of the qualified exceptions , serving as the proto-typical `` non-recognition provision '' .
Non-recognition is conferred on a like-kind exchange on the basis that the form of the taxpayer 's investment changes while the substance of the investment does not . In a like-kind exchange , the realized gain or loss usually never disappears ; rather , the unrecognized gain or loss typically carries over into the new asset . When the new asset is sold or exchanged in a taxable transaction , the realized gain or loss from the first transaction will then be recognized .
Key considerations
Several requirements must be met in a like-kind exchange to ensure that tax liability is not created upon the sale of the first asset :
The property or asset being sold ( `` old property '' ) must be held for investment or use in a trade or business , and can not be a personal residence .
The property or asset being purchased with the proceeds ( `` new property '' ) must be `` like-kind '' to the old property .
The proceeds from the sale must be used to purchase the new property within 180 days of the sale of old property , although the new property must be identified within 45 days of the sale .
The investor can not be in `` constructive receipt '' of the money from the sale of the old property .
What is property of `` like kind '' ?
One critical issue in a like-kind exchange is defining `` property of like kind . '' The tax code contains no such definition . Treasury Regulation § 1.1031 ( a ) -1 ( b ) offers a little guidance , suggesting that the term `` like kind '' refers to `` the nature of character of the property and not to its grade or quality '' . But the regulation does not further define a property 's nature , character , grade or quality . Rather , it states that `` [ o ] ne kind or class of property may not be exchanged for property of a different kind or class '' .
Exchanges of personal property ( vehicles , equipment , intellectual property rights ) are subject to more restrictive rules than exchanges of real property , as set forth by Treasury Regulation § 1.1031 ( a ) -2 . Depreciable personal property is generally considered like-kind to other depreciable personal property that has the same `` General Asset Class '' in assigning class lives for purposes of depreciation . For intangible property ( and personal property not subject to depreciation ) , the more general test of `` nature or character '' applies . While livestock can qualify for like-kind exchange treatment , livestock of different sexes will not qualify as like-kind .
Seven types of property are not eligible for a like-kind exchange : ( 1 ) stock in trade or other property held primarily for sale ; ( 2 ) stock , bonds , or notes ; ( 3 ) other securities or evidences of indebtedness or interest ; ( 4 ) interests in a partnership ; ( 5 ) certificates of trust or beneficial interests ; ( 6 ) choses in action ; and ( 7 ) foreign real property for U.S. real property .
Basis of property acquired
The unrecognized gain or unrecognized loss from a like-kind exchange is preserved in the new property received in the exchange . New property receives the basis of the old property , adjusted in value for any other property given or received in the exchange ( see below for further discussion of `` boot '' ) .
The taxpayer 's basis in the new property is determined by starting with the taxpayer 's basis in the old property exchanged . Adjustments are then made as needed to account for other property that may be received in the exchange . By using the taxpayer 's basis in the old property as the reference point for the new property 's basis , unrecognized gain or loss is preserved .
By way of example , let 's say a taxpayer exchanges an old asset worth $ 20,000 in which the taxpayer had a basis of $ 14,000 for a like-kind asset . Assuming the exchange qualifies for non-recognition ( based on how the taxpayer held the old property and how the taxpayer intends to hold the new property ) , the $ 6,000 realized gain will not be recognized , and the taxpayer 's basis in the new asset will be $ 14,000 . Because the new asset likely has a value of $ 20,000 ( in an arms'-length transaction the two assets would be deemed to have equal values ) , the $ 6,000 unrecognized gain is preserved in the new asset . Thus , in any like-kind exchange , the exact amount of any unrecognized gain or loss is preserved in the basis of the asset acquired in the exchange .
Other property given or received in the exchange : `` boot ''
Sometimes taxpayers participating in a like-kind exchange receive cash or other property in addition to the like-kind property . This non-like-kind property is referred to as a `` boot '' , ( from the phrase `` to boot '' , as in `` I got like-kind property and other property to boot '' ) . However , when that occurs , the taxpayer has not received solely like-kind property . Fortunately , a `` ceiling rule '' in section 1031 takes care of this problem by providing that gain or loss is recognized , but only to the extent of the amount of boot received .
For example , let 's say a taxpayer receives like-kind property worth $ 12,000 and $ 8,000 in cash in exchange for old property with a basis of $ 14,000 . The basis in the new property is determined by subtracting the cash received ( $ 8,000 ) from the basis in the old property ( $ 14,000 ) and then adding the gain recognized ( $ 6,000 ) . Thus , upon a cash sale of the new property for its fair market value of $ 12,000 , no gain or loss would result .
Assumption of taxpayer 's liability
Property transferred in a like-kind exchange is often encumbered by liabilities and debt , especially where the asset is real estate . In this regard , the tax code treats relief from indebtedness as additional cash boot in a like-kind exchange . In other words , the assumption of a taxpayer 's debt is treated like the receipt of cash by the taxpayer .
For instance , let 's say a taxpayer has an asset worth $ 20,000 and a basis of $ 8,000 with a debt in the amount of $ 4,000 . The taxpayer trades the asset in exchange for like-kind property worth $ 16,000 , and the other party to the exchange expressly assumes the $ 4,000 liability . The other party will be unwilling to pay any extra consideration in this transaction , because the taxpayer is receiving $ 16,000 of equity ( property worth $ 20,000 but subject to a debt of $ 4,000 ) in exchange for property worth $ 16,000 . No extra consideration should be paid .
The receipt of a boot will trigger recognition of gain when gain is realized on the exchange of the original asset , as shown above . A boot does not trigger recognition when a loss is realized .
For example : Ashley trades in a business truck with an adjusted basis of $ 27,000 for another business truck worth $ 18,000 plus $ 2,000 of cash . Ashley realizes a $ 7,000 loss which is all deferred and no gain or loss is recognized . The $ 2,000 cash only makes a difference in calculating realized , not recognized loss .
Loss property
While taxpayers generally prefer non-recognition for realized gains ( so they do not have to recognize the gain currently and pay the resulting federal income tax currently ) , they usually prefer to recognize realized losses currently in order to obtain the tax benefit of the resulting deduction sooner . That means a like-kind exchange is bad news in the case of a realized loss . None of the loss will be recognized regardless of the boot received .
Loss property with a relative
Section 267 ( a ) of the tax code disallows deductions for losses resulting from sales to related persons . However , the basis of the property received by the taxpayer in a like-kind exchange with a relative is governed by section 1031 . In other words , the taint of disallowance under section 267 does not carry over to the new asset . The loss is preserved in the basis of the new property when the new property is sold .
Simultaneous three-party like-kind exchanges
In many cases , two parties are unable to complete a like-kind exchange alone . For instance , one party may not wish to receive like-kind property or may wish to recognize loss on property that has declined in value . The two parties may involve a third party willing to pay cash ( perhaps because the new property has a value less than the old property 's basis , or because the taxpayer 's desire for cash exceeds the desire to minimize liability for federal income taxes ) . When a third party willing to pay cash is involved , however , Revenue Ruling 77-297 indicates that non-recognition will apply if the taxpayer acquires the new property solely for the purpose of exchanging it with property of a like-kind .
Deferred like-kind exchange
In Starker v. United States , ( see section 1031 ) the court held that a taxpayer was entitled to section 1031 non-recognition upon the ultimate receipt of like-kind property , even though the taxpayer in that case had already transferred the property to the buyer and even though the taxpayer had up to five years to identify the replacement property . Congress responded to this ruling by imposing time limits on the identification and receipt of replacement property .
Nowadays , taxpayers must identify the replacement property within 45 days of the transfer of like-kind property . Taxpayers must also receive the replacement property within 180 days of transfer of like-kind property .
Reporting
Due to periodic changes to the tax code , as well as detailed regulations that contain a number of technical requirements , it is important to check the most current rules and regulations before proceeding with a like-kind exchange . Current rules require taxpayers to submit an 8824 form to the IRS . detailing the terms of the deal .
As a `` tax loophole ''
As of 2013 , expansion and exploitation by major corporations of like-kind exchanges , originally intended to relieve family farmers of capital gains tax when swapping land or livestock , to avoid taxes was cited by The New York Times as an example of the need for tax reform .
See also
Fixed asset
Alderson v. Commissioner
Jordan Marsh Co. v. Commissioner
References
Sources
Samuel A. Donaldson , Federal Income Taxation of Individuals : Cases , Problems & Materials . 2nd edition . American Casebook Series , Thomson West : St. Paul , Minnesota , 2007 , 558-571 .
Taxation in the United States
Tax terms
Valerie Saiving ( 1921–1992 ) was a feminist theologian . They are the author of the influential essay The Human Situation : A Feminine View .
Biographical details
Valerie Saiving Goldstein was born in 1921 , and received their BA from Bates College , Maine , United States in 1943 , studying both theology and psychology . Them University of Chicago Divinity School PhD thesis , The Concepts of Individuality in Whitehead 's Metaphysics , was published in 1966 . They were co-founder of the Department of Religious Studies and of the Women 's Studies programme at Hobart and William Smith Colleges , Geneva , New York State , where they taught from 1959 to 1987 . They died in 1992 .
In 1960 , they published an 18-page article in The Journal of Religion , entitled The Human Situation : A Feminine View . They critiqued contemporary theology largely by means of psychological observations , noting that , whereas little girls learn that they will grow up — just by waiting — to be women , boys on the other hand learn that to be men they must `` do something about it . Mere waiting is not enough ; to be a man , a boy must prove themselves and go on proving himself . ''
The article had substantial influence on subsequent feminist theologians . Mary Daly , for example , cited them in their work The Church and the Second Sex , while Judith Plaskow both published a dissertation on Saiving 's essay ( entitled Sex , Sin and Grace : Women 's Experience and the Theologies of Reinhold Niebuhr and Paul Tillich ) and reproduced the 1960 article in their 1979 anthology Womanspirit Rising : A Feminist Reader in Religion .
The Human Situation : A Feminine View
The crux of Saiving 's argument in the article is that the focus on pride characteristic of traditional Christian interpretations of sin reflects male experience in a way that is inappropriate to the experience of most , if not all , women , who are much more likely to be prone to `` triviality , distractibility , and diffuseness ; lack of an organizing center or focus ; dependence on others for one 's self-definition ; tolerance at the expense of standards of excellence ... in short , underdevelopment or negation of the Self . ''
Fundamentally , Saiving 's essay proposes a radical re-definition of 'sin ' ; one that correctly addresses the female experience . Christianity 's view of salvation as a result of selflessness is seen as potentially proscriptive of women who need , in Saiving 's opinion , to be encouraged rather than discouraged from asserting themselves as individuals .
Overall , Saiving wished to , `` ... awaken theologians to the fact that the situation of women , however similar it may appear on the surface of our contemporary world to the situation of man and however much it may be echoed in the life of individual men , is , at bottom , quite different - that the specifically feminine dilemma is , in fact , precisely the opposite of the masculine '' ( 1979 , 39 ) . Saiving 's work , while much respected in feminist theology , continues to be largely ignored by mainstream theologians .
References
1921 births
1992 deaths
Bates College alumni
Christian feminist theologians
Hobart and William Smith Colleges faculty
American Christian theologians
University of Chicago Divinity School alumni
Randy Kerber ( born September 25 , 1958 ) is an American composer , orchestrator and keyboard player , who has had a prolific career in the world of cinema .
Kerber was born in Encino , California . They began their first national tour with Bette Midler in 1977 at the age of 19 . They were nominated for an Oscar in 1986 , along with Quincy Jones and others , for Best Original Score for the motion picture The Color Purple . They were also nominated for a Grammy for their arrangement of `` Over the Rainbow '' for Barbra Streisand .
As a studio keyboardist , Kerber has worked on over 800 motion pictures including Titanic , A Beautiful Mind , and the first three films of the Harry Potter franchise . The piano in the opening and closing scenes of Forrest Gump , which features a feather floating in the wind , was played by Kerber and keyboardist Randy Waldman .
Kerber has been an orchestrator on over 50 films , including work with Academy Award winner James Horner . They worked with Eric Clapton as keyboardist , orchestrator , and conductor on the 1991 film Rush , and playing on the Grammy Award-winning song `` Tears in Heaven '' .
During their career , Kerber has worked with a wide range of artists including Michael Jackson , Paul Anka , Leonard Cohen , Rickie Lee Jones , A.R.Rahman , Whitney Houston , Michael Bolton , Rod Stewart , B.B . King , Bill Medley , Annie Lennox , Art Garfunkel , José Feliciano , Anastacia , Celine Dion , Natalie Cole , Al Jarreau , Ray Charles , Neil Diamond , Elisa , Julio Iglesias , Barry Manilow , Don Ellis , Ricky Martin , Bette Midler , Corey Hart , Eric Burdon , Kenny Rogers , Donna Summer , George Benson , Diana Ross , Marta Sanchez , Frank Sinatra , Jean-Yves Thibaudet and Dionne Warwick ; and groups including Air Supply , America , Def Leppard , The Temptations , Manhattan Transfer , Lisa Stansfield , and The Three Degrees .
Kerber also performed piano solos on Steven Spielberg 's Lincoln , Robert Zemeckis ' Flight , and Steven Soderbergh 's Behind the Candelabra for which they also trained Michael Douglas on the piano . Kerber also worked closely with actors Jason Schwartzman ( for their role in the Disney film Saving Mr. Banks ) , Zoe Saldana for their turn as Nina Simone in the biopic Nina , and Ryan Gosling for their role of Sebastian in La La Land .
In the spring of 2020 Kerber was a featured cast member and co-composer in the Netflix series The Eddy .
References
1958 births
American male composers
20th-century American composers
Living people
People from Encino , Los Angeles
20th-century American keyboardists
American session musicians
American music arrangers
American male conductors ( music )
20th-century American pianists
American male pianists
20th-century American conductors ( music )
21st-century American conductors ( music )
21st-century American pianists
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
Masami Tachikawa ( 立川真紗美 , born 16 November 1980 ) is a Japanese basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
References
1980 births
Living people
Japanese women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Japan
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Japan
Zana may refer to :
Mythological figures
Zână , a female mythological figure in Romanian mythology
Zana ( mythology ) , an Albanian mythological figure
Places
Diana Veteranorum or Zana , an ancient Roman city in Algeria
Zana , Burkina Faso , a village in Bam Province
Zana , Ethiopia , a village near Shiraro in the Tigray Region
Zana , Florida , a ghost town in Florida , U.S .
Zana , Uganda , a neighborhood in Ssabagabo Municipality , Wakiso District
Zana Khan District , Ghazni Province , Afghanistan
Zaņa Parish , Latvia
Zaña , a town in northern Peru
Zaña River . a river in Northern Peru
Zaña Valley , an archaeological area in northern Peru
People
Leyla Zana ( born 1961 ) , Turkish Kurdish politician
Zana Allée ( born 1994 ) , Kurdish-born French footballer
Zana Briski ( born 1966 ) , photographer and filmmaker
Zana Clarke ( born 1965 ) , Australian composer
Zana Fraillon ( born 1981 ) , Australian writer for children and young adults
Zana Krasniqi ( born 1988 ) , beauty queen and fashion model
Zana Marjanović ( born 1983 ) , Bosnian actor
Zana Muhsen ( born 1965 ) , English author
Zana Nimani ( born 1961 ) , Yugoslav singer with the band Zana
Zana Ramadani ( born 1984 ) , German politician and feminist activist
Žana Novaković ( born 1985 ) , alpine skier for Bosnia and Herzegovina
Other uses
Zana ( band ) , a Serbian music group
Zana ( film ) , a 2019 Kosovan drama film directed by Antoneta Kastrati
Zambia News Agency or ZANA , the official Zambian news agency
`` Zana '' , an Abkhazian `` wild-woman '' believed by some people to have been a relict hominid ; see Almas ( folklore )
ArcaBoard is an electric commercial hoverboard developed by ARCA Space Corporation . It is powered by 36 electric ducted fans , capable of transporting a person weighing up to 110 kg ( 243 lbs ) , and has an endurance of up to 6 minutes . It was designed for entertainment and personal recreation purpose . ARCA first unveiled their product on 24 December 2015 and announced that it was available for purchase .
Design
The hoverboard is 145 cm long and 76 cm wide , is made of aerospace grade composite materials and weighs up to 82 kg , depending on the version . It is equipped with 36 high power electric ducted fans that spin at 45,000 rotations per minute and generate up to 272 hp . There are two versions available for purchase : Enhanced Thrust Version , that can lift a person up to 110 kg and has a flight time up to 3 minutes , and Long Endurance Version , that can lift a person up to 90 kg and has a flight time up to 6 minutes . Using the optional ArcaDock charging station the hoverboard can be charged to full power in 35 minutes .
The ArcaBoard is equipped with onboard sensors that maintain it 30 cm above ground and limit its speed to 20 km/h . It has an inertial stabilization system that keeps it flying level and can be controlled using a mobile phone application and by tilting the phone in the direction of desired travel . The stabilization system can be turned off and the hoverboard can be controlled by using one 's center of gravity and body movements . The demonstration videos showed by ARCA were made with the stabilization system turned off . The hoverboard senses the user 's weight and automatically adjusts the thrust so that the distance to the ground remains constant . Should the user accidentally fall off , the hoverboard will immediately power off .
ARCA released two videos showing Dumitru Popecu , ARCA CEO , piloting the hoverboard using body movements . The device is available for purchase on ARCA website at a price of $ 14,900 and was scheduled to ship starting April 2016 . The charging dock and spare parts are sold separately .
Specifications
From ARCA Space Corporation website
Material : composite materials
Length : 145 cm
Width : 76 cm
Height : 15 cm
Max weight : 82 kg
Max user weight : 110 kg
Number of motors : 36
Installed power : 203,000 W
Maximum power : 272 HP
Working voltage : 38 V
Noise level : 92 dB
Maximum ground height : 30 cm
Maximum speed : 20 km/h
Endurance : 6 min
References
External links
Skateboards
The Republic of Ostrów ( ) was a short-lived autonomous republic in the Polish area of Ostrów Wielkopolski . The republic , declared on 10 November 1918 , intended to liberate Poles from Prussia and the German Empire . It was formed about a month before the Greater Poland Uprising .
Background
The Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth was partitioned by Russia , Prussia and Austria during the 18th century . In the second partition , the Greater Poland region , including the town of Ostrów were annexed by Prussia . Throughout the 19th century and into the start of the 20th , the town and the region were a center of the Polish independence movement .
End of German rule
During the autumn of 1918 , the imminent defeat of Germany and Austria-Hungary in the First World War and the dissolution of the Russian Empire following the Russian Revolution raised the possibility that an independent Polish state could be restored . Although the Second Polish Republic was established in early November , the question of the Greater Poland region remained unresolved . As a consequence , various Polish organizations began planning for an armed uprising to ensure that the area would become part of the new Polish state .
Formation of Citizens ' Committee
In Ostrów , a Citizens ' Committee was formed by local Poles in September 1918 , which then prepared for a takeover of the city 's administration . After the outbreak of revolution in Germany , local German workers began to form their own committees and a Soldiers ' Council was created on November 10 by the German troops stationed locally . On the same day , Poles in Ostrów created two organizations of their own : the People 's Committee and a youth group called the Emergency Communication Services . These were joined by the 1st Regiment of Polish Infantry based in the city .
Unilateral declaration of independent republic
On the same day , around one thousand people gathered in the local `` Catholic House '' . There , Włodzimierz Lewandowski , a soldier in the Landwehr , urged Polish citizens to take up arms against the German Soldiers ' Council . The Citizens ' Committee , however , was hoping for a non-violent resolution of the conflict . Aleksander Dubiski , who had been elected `` marshal '' of the gathering , urged the crowd to issue a general proclamation stating :
Over a thousand soldiers and citizens of all classes have decided unanimously today that , according to the Wilson Plan recognized by all fighting nations , the city and county of Ostrów constitutes Polish territory , which belongs to the Nation of Poland . We express our sympathy for the movement for freedom of our German co-citizens . Until the Polish People 's Republic finally takes over the government , this Polish committee considers itself to be the only legitimate authority .
The following day , Polish controllers were introduced into German administrative offices with the power to counter-sign any orders issued by German authorities . The local Landrat was removed from power . The next day , insurrectionists took over the garrison , together with its arms supply , as well as other significant public buildings in the city .
Throughout November , German pro-revolutionary newspapers in Berlin reported on the creation of the Republic .
End of republic
On November 26 , believing the insurrection to have begun too early , the Naczelna Rada Ludowa , which claimed authority over the entire pro-Polish movement in Wielkopolska , prompted the armed Polish units to disband . The Polish Citizens ' Committee signed an agreement with the German Soldiers ' Council . The 1st Regiment and other organizations then moved to the Second Polish Republic in nearby Szczypiorno and Kalisz and joined similar insurrectionist formations . A month later , the Greater Poland Uprising began in Poznań . On December 31 , 1918 , the 1st Regiment returned to Ostrów and liberated it .
Modern interpretation
A TV series about the Republic was made in 1985 and , in 1986 , the movie Republika Nadziei ( Republic of Hope ) was released . The book Republika Ostrowska : Przyczynek do historii powstania wielkopolskiego , 1918-1919 ( Republic of Ostrów : A contribution to the history of Greater Poland , 1918-1919 ) by Zenon Dykcik was published in 1995 .
Commemoration
In 2008 , in commemoration of the 90th anniversary of the proclamation of the Republic , a reconstruction of the events surrounding its proclamation and the wider conflict within Greater Poland was organized in Ostrów Wielkopolski .
References
1918 in Poland
Ostrów Wielkopolski
Morgan County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2010 census , it had a population of 35,547 . Its county seat is Jacksonville .
Morgan County is part of the Jacksonville , IL Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Springfield-Jacksonville-Lincoln , IL Combined Statistical Area .
History
Morgan County was formed in 1823 out of Greene and Sangamon Counties . It was named in honor of General Daniel Morgan , who defeated the British at the Battle of Cowpens in the American Revolutionary War . General Morgan was serving under General Nathanael Greene at Cowpens . Jacksonville was established by European Americans on a 160-acre tract of land in the center of Morgan County in 1825 , two years after the county was founded . The founders of Jacksonville , Illinois consisted entirely of settlers from New England . These people were `` Yankee '' settlers , that is to say they were descended from the English Puritans who settled New England in the 1600s . They were part of a wave of New England farmers who headed west into what was then the wilds of the Northwest Territory during the early 1800s . Most of them arrived as a result of the completion of the Erie Canal and the end of the Black Hawk War . The Yankee migration to Illinois was a result of several factors , one of which was the overpopulation of New England . The old stock Yankee population had large families , often bearing up to ten children in one household . Most people were expected to have their own piece of land to farm , and due to the massive and nonstop population boom , land in New England became scarce as every son claimed their own farmstead . As a result , there was not enough land for every family to have a self-sustaining farm , and Yankee settlers began leaving New England for the Midwestern United States . When they arrived in what is now Jacksonville there was nothing but dense virgin forest and wild prairie , the `` Yankee '' New Englanders laid out farms , constructed roads , erected government buildings and established post routes . They brought with them many of their Yankee New England values , such as a passion for education , establishing many schools as well as staunch support for abolitionism . They were mostly members of the Congregationalist Church though some were Episcopalian . Due to the second Great Awakening some of them had converted to Methodism and Presbyterianism while some others became Baptist , before moving to what is now Jacksonville . Jacksonville , like some other parts of Illinois , would be culturally very continuous with early New England culture for most of its early history .
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
The 90th Meridian of Longitude goes through Morgan County , as seen on a road sign at mile 78 of I-72 .
Climate and weather
Average temperatures in the county seat of Jacksonville range from a low of in January to a high of in July ; a record low of was recorded in February 1934 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May .
Major highways
Interstate 72
U.S. Route 36
U.S. Route 67
Illinois Route 123
Illinois Route 78
Illinois Route 100
Illinois Route 104
Illinois Route 267
Adjacent counties
Cass County - north
Sangamon County - east
Macoupin County - southeast
Greene County - south
Pike County - west
Scott County - west
Brown County - northwest
National protected area
Meredosia National Wildlife Refuge ( part )
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 35,547 people , 14,104 households , and 8,851 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 15,515 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.9 % white , 6.0 % black or African American , 0.5 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 0.8 % from other races , and 1.6 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.0 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 25.9 % were German , 21.6 % were American , 15.4 % were Irish , and 14.5 % were English . Those citing `` American '' ancestry in Morgan County , Illinois are of overwhelmingly English extraction , in many cases going back to colonial New England , however most English Americans identify simply as having `` American '' ancestry because their roots have been in North America for so long , in many cases since the early sixteen hundreds .
Of the 14,104 households , 28.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 47.4 % were married couples living together , 11.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 37.2 % were non-families , and 31.5 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.86 . The median age was 40.8 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 44,645 and the median income for a family was $ 59,185 . Males had a median income of $ 43,609 versus $ 29,893 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 23,244 . About 11.2 % of families and 16.4 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 25.8 % of those under age 18 and 7.5 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Jacksonville ( seat )
Waverly
Villages
Chapin
Concord
Franklin
Lynnville
Meredosia
Murrayville
South Jacksonville
Woodson
Unincorporated communities
Alexander
Arcadia
Arnold
Literberry
Markham
Pisgah
Politics
Morgan County has been reliably Republican from its beginning ; the Democratic nominee has gained a plurality only 19 % of the time ( 6 of 32 elections ) .
Education
Here is a list of school districts with any territory in the county ( all are full K-12 school districts ) , no matter how slight , even if the schools and/or administrative offices are located in other counties :
A-C Central Community Unit School District 262
Community Unit School District 16
Franklin Community Unit School District 1
Greenfield Community Unit School District 10
Jacksonville School District 117
Meredosia-Chambersburg Community Unit School District 11
Pleasant Plains Community Unit School District 8
Scott-Morgan Consolidated Unit School District 2
Triopia Community Unit School District 27
Virginia Community Unit School District 64
Waverly Community Unit School District 6
Winchester Community Unit School District 1
Additionally the following state-operated schools are in Morgan County :
Illinois School for the Deaf
Illinois School for the Visually Impaired ( School for the Blind )
Private schools :
Routt Catholic High School
Tertiary :
Illinois College
Lincoln Land Community College Jacksonville Outreach Center
MacMurray College ( closed )
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morgan County , Illinois
References
External links
Illinois counties
1823 establishments in Illinois
Jacksonville , Illinois micropolitan area
Populated places established in 1823
Montemilone ( ; Lucano : ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza , Basilicata , southern Italy .
Main sights
Sanctuary of the Gloriosa , a small church in Romanesque style
Former church of the Purgatory
Mother church ( 1861 )
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Valiabad ( , also Romanized as Valīābād ; also known as Valīābād-e Beheshtī and Vallad-e Beheshtī ) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ray County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 3,252 , in 918 families .
References
Populated places in Ray County , Iran
Carl L. Lyse ( November 8 , 1899 – November 22 , 1986 ) was an American business person and politician .
Lyse was born in Elk Mound , Dunn County , Wisconsin and went to the public schools and to business school . Lyse lived in Minneapolis , Minnesota with their wife and family and worked for the insurance and real estate businesses . Lyse served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1943 to 1948 .
References
1899 births
1986 deaths
People from Elk Mound , Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Minneapolis
Politicians from Minneapolis
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
The Rural Municipality of Elmsthorpe No . 100 ( 2016 population : ) is a rural municipality ( RM ) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No . 2 and Division No . 2 . It is located in the southeast portion of the province .
History
The RM of Elmsthorpe No . 100 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 12 , 1910 .
Heritage properties
There are four historical properties located within the RM .
Claybank Brick Plant - Constructed in 1912 - 1914 , and located within Claybank the plant is now a national historic site . The plant previously operated under the name Saskatchewan Clay Products ; Dominion Fire Brick and Pottery Company ; Dominion Fire Brick and Clay Products Ltd. ; A.P . Green Refectories Ltd .
Crystal Hill School ( now called the Crystal Hill Community Centre ) - Constructed in 1930 as a one room school the building served as a school from 1930 until 1954 . The building is based on a Waterman-Waterbury Company design .
Saskatchewan Wheat Pool Elevator # 292 - Constructed in 1964 , and located within the hamlet of Truax .
St. Joseph 's Roman Catholic Church - Constructed in 1928 , and located within the hamlet of Claybank .
Geography
Geographical features in the RM include the Dirt Hills , Watson Reservoir , Avonlea Badlands , and Avonlea Creek .
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM .
Villages
Avonlea
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM .
Organized hamlets
Claybank
Localities
Gravelbourg Junction
Truax ( dissolved as a village , December 30 , 1970 )
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , the RM of Elmsthorpe No . 100 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
In the 2016 Census of Population , the RM of Elmsthorpe No . 100 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings , a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016 .
Economy
Agriculture is its major industry .
Government
The RM of Elmsthorpe No . 100 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the first Wednesday of every month . The reeve of the RM is Ken Miller while its administrator is Jaimie Paranuik . The RM 's office is located in Avonlea .
References
E
Division No . 2 , Saskatchewan
Walter Marshall ( 15 June 1628 – August 1680 ) was an English , non-conformist Puritan pastor and author best known for their book on the Gospel Mystery of Sanctification , which has been praised as perhaps the single greatest work on sanctification ever composed .
Life
Walter Marshall became a fellow of New College , Oxford in 1648 and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1652 . In 1656 , they were appointed to the vicarage of Hursley , Hampshire .
When the Act of Uniformity passed in 1662 , Marshall joined many of their Puritan colleagues and was ejected from their parish . Soon afterwards , Marshall was installed as minister of an Independent congregation at Gosport , Hampshire , where they served for eighteen years .
For several years , Marshall experienced seasons of spiritual depression . For years , Marshall sought assurance , holiness and peace , consulting contemporaries like Richard Baxter . However , it was not until a life altering conversation with Thomas Goodwin that they began to focus more on Christ 's spiritual power in comparison with their own natural power . With this new focus , they found `` holiness , peace of conscience , and joy in the Holy Ghost '' .
The Gospel Mystery of Sanctification
The Gospel Mystery of Sanctification was first published in 1692 after Marshall 's death . The book is divided into fourteen sections that Marshall called directions . In the first direction , Marshall asserts that `` sanctification , whereby our hearts and lives are conformed to the law , is a grace of God that They communicate to us by means . '' The means of grace include prayer , the word , sacraments , and the church . Many have alluded to the book 's teachings on union with Christ . Direction 5 is titled : We can not attain holiness by our endeavours in a natural state , without union and fellowship with Christ .
Quotes
The scope of all is , to teach you how , you may attain to that practice and manner of life which we call holiness , righteousness , or godliness , obedience , true religion ; and which God requireth of us in the law particularly in the moral law , summed up in the ten commandments , and more briefly in these two great commandments of love to God and our neighbour ( Matthew 22 : 37 , 39 ) .
The Gospel Mystery of Sanctification , Direction 1
It is evident that we can not practice true holiness , while we continue in a natural state ; because we must be `` born of the water and of the Spirit , '' or else we `` can not enter into the kingdom of God , '' John 3:3,5 ; and we are `` created in Christ Jesus unto good works , which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them , '' ( Ephesians 2:10 ) .
The Gospel Mystery of Sanctification , Direction 5
Believing on Christ , is a work that will require diligent endeavour and labor for the performance of it . We must labour to enter into that rest ; lest any man fall by unbelief '' ( Hebrews 6:11 ) . We must show `` diligence to the full assurance of hope to the end '' , that we may be `` followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises '' ( Hebrews 6:11 , 12 ) . It is a work that requireth the exercise of might and power ; and therefore we have need `` to be strengthened with might by the Spirit in the inner man , that Christ may dwell in our hearts by faith '' ( Ephesians 3:16 , 17 ) .
The Gospel Mystery of Sanctification , Direction 11
Dutch Translation of The Gospel Mystery of Sanctification
In 1739 the Dutch minister Alexander Comrie ( 1706-1774 ) published a Dutch translation of The Gospel Mystery of Sanctification . The book was published in Leiden in 1739 with the following title in Dutch De verborgentheit van de euangelische heiligmaking . In 1750 Comrie wrote that this book was probably the best what was written about sanctifacation
Works
The Gospel Mystery of Sanctification/ Includes Marshall 's sermon : The doctrine of justification opened and applied by Walter Marshall ( 1628-1680 ) , Evangelical Press , Welwyn , Hertfordshire , England , 1981 , ( first published 1692 ) , , 257 pgs
References
External links
The gospel-mystery of sanctification opened : in sundry practical directions . Suited especially to the case of those who labor under the guilt and power of indwelling-sin . To which is added , a sermon on justification by Walter Marshall , printed and published by Southwick and Pelsue , no . 3 New-street , London , 1811 , includes prefaces from earlier editions , Google Books edition
The Gospel Mystery of Sanctification Online Text
Monergism.com Walter Marshall ( 1628-1680 ) ( Biography ) Excerpt from Meet the Puritans by Dr. Joel Beeke and Randall J. Pederson
Gospel Sanctification 3 - Walter Marshall to My Rescue
1628 births
1680 deaths
17th-century English theologians
Ejected English ministers of 1662
Fellows of New College , Oxford
Horteriset Dome ( ) is a broad ice-covered hill about west of the southern part of the Weyprecht Mountains in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica . First photographed from the air by the Third German Antarctic Expedition ( 1938–39 ) , it was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition ( 1956–60 ) and named by them .
References
Ice caps of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Romania competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 to 18 September 2016 .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Medallists
Competitors
| width=78 % align=left valign=top |The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games .
Athletics
Romania has qualified 2 athletes for 2016 Summer Paralympics . Florentina Hrişcu is the first female athlete to qualify for Romania in athletics at the Paralympic Games .
Field Events - Women
Field Events - Men
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014 , Romania qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio , assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements . After final rankings , Romania has qualified 2 cyclists 2016 Summer Paralympics .
Road
Men
Track
Time Trial
Individual Pursuit
Judo
Romania has received an invitational spot for men extra-lightweight ( 60 kg ) for 2016 Summer Paralympics .
Men
Paracanoeing
Romania earned a qualifying spot at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport following their performance at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint & Paracanoe World Championships in Milan , Italy where the top six finishers in each Paralympic event earned a qualifying spot for their nation . Mihaela Lulea earned the spot for Romania after finishing fourth in the women 's KL3 event . Iulian Serban earned a second spot for Romania after finishing fourth in the men 's KL3 event .
Men
Women
Swimming
Men
Women
Table tennis
Men
See also
Romania at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Romanian sport
Yorty v. Chandler , 13 Cal.App.3d 467 ( 1970 ) , was a decision by the California Court of Appeals , 2nd District involving how strictly an editorial cartoon needed to be interpreted in lawsuits for libel . It is a significant decision in the case law of applying the First Amendment to editorial cartoons and has been cited as a persuasive authority by other U.S. courts .
Prior history
Sam Yorty was the Democratic Mayor of Los Angeles from 1961 to 1973 . In November 1968 , Richard Nixon won the presidential election and began the transition process . Yorty made it known that they would like to be the Secretary of Defense in the new Administration . The editorial cartoonist for the Los Angeles Times at this time was Paul Conrad . The possibility of Nixon choosing Yorty for such an important Cabinet position inspired them to caricature Yorty 's desire . This cartoon was not flattering as it depicted a group of orderlies with a straitjacket beckoning Yorty to accompany them , presumably to a psychiatric institution . Yorty sued Otis Chandler as publisher of the paper as well as the Times , its parent company , and Conrad for $ 2,000,000 over the cartoon , claiming that it told the paper 's readers that Yorty `` was insane and should be placed in a straight jacket . '' The Superior court dismissed the claim .
Decision
Yorty contended that the editorial cartoon had libeled them in two ways . The first defaming implication of the cartoon was that Yorty was obviously unqualified for high national office . The newspaper defendants countered that the first implication was protected by the First Amendment as an expression of opinion . The Court stated that `` settled law '' protected opinions about the fitness , or lack of fitness , of a person for public office and as such were not libelous `` ... even though ... [ the ] views are those of a political adversary and are presented in rhetorical hyperbole . ''
Yorty 's second claim was that the cartoon asserted Yorty 's belief that their fitness for such an office was so obviously wrong that it demonstrated they were mentally incompetent . The Court ruled that the content of the cartoon was not intended to be a literal depiction and that reasonable readers would know this :
From the cartoon no reasonable person would assume more than that in the opinion of the Los Angeles Times the mayor was not qualified for the post of Secretary of Defense , President-elect Nixon would not appoint him , and it was foolish of the mayor to aspire to an appointment for which they were not qualified . No reasonable person would interpret the cartoon as a report that Mayor Yorty had actually made the statement shown in the caption or that they were in fact mentally deranged or insane .
Because there was only one reasonable , non-defamatory interpretation of the cartoon , the Superior Court had been correct in ruling there was no libel committed and dismissing the case .
Effects of the decision
Although this decision was binding precedent only in the Second District of California state courts , it has been influential . It has been cited multiple times by other judicial opinions , including by other California appellate courts , by state courts from Colorado , Illinois , Massachusetts , and New York and by Federal District Courts .
See also
Editorial cartoon
Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning
Notes
References
External links
Full text of the opinion
Editorial cartooning
United States defamation case law
Autoconform is the video editing post-production process where an online editing system combines a timecode based edit decision list ( EDL ) created from an offline editing system with the original video and audio source material to produce a version of the edited video which is a high quality ( usually broadcast quality ) analogue of the programme produced in the offline editing system .
This process can be compared with word processing , where the edits required to make a document are made on a PC , and draft copies are printed out on a low quality printer . When the creative process has been completed , the final version can be sent to a professional printer who can reproduce the document at full quality .
Film and video technology
Julian Williams may refer to :
Julian Williams ( American football ) ( born 1990 ) , Arena Football League player
Julian Williams ( boxer ) ( born 1990 ) , American professional boxer
Khánh Hưng may refer to several places in Vietnam , including :
Khánh Hưng , Cà Mau , a commune of Trần Văn Thời District
Khánh Hưng , Long An , a commune of Vĩnh Hưng District
See also
Khánh Hưng , capital of former Ba Xuyên Province in South Vietnam , now Sóc Trăng city .
Ovadia Eli ( , born 22 May 1945 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud from 1984 until 1996 , Deputy Minister of Defense between 1991 and 1992 , and mayor of Afula from 1978 until 1991 . Since leaving the Knesset , they have headed several government-owned companies , and is currently the CEO of the Israel Airports Authority .
Life and politics
Born in Khanaqin in Iraq in 1945 , Eli made aliyah to Israel in 1950 . They studied at the Lifschitz Seminar for Education , and received a BA from the University of Haifa , after which they worked as a teacher . They later became head of the school system in the north of the country .
A member of Herut , they were elected mayor of Afula in 1978 , a position they held until 1991 . They were elected to the Knesset on the Likud list ( then an alliance of Herut and other right-wing parties ) in 1984 . They were re-elected in 1988 , and was appointed Deputy Speaker . On 8 July 1991 they were also appointed Deputy Defense Minister . During the Knesset term Eli chaired the Special Committee for Amending the Galilee Law and the Committee on Drug Abuse . They were re-elected again in 1992 and remained a Deputy Speaker until losing their seat in the 1996 elections ( despite finishing 18th in the Likud primaries , they were assigned an unrealistic place on the party list ) .
After leaving the Knesset , they were appointed CEO of Oil Refineries Ltd by Minister of National Infrastructure , Ariel Sharon . In April 2005 they were appointed CEO of Israel Military Industries by Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz , but resigned in June 2006 . In October that year , they became CEO of the Israel Airports Authority .
In addition to political activities , Eli was also a member of the board of the Jewish Agency for Israel and a member of the Amidar housing company 's directorate .
References
External links
1945 births
People from Khanaqin
Iraqi Jews
Iraqi emigrants to Israel
University of Haifa alumni
Israeli educators
Israeli civil servants
Mayors of places in Israel
Living people
Likud politicians
Herut politicians
Members of the 11th Knesset ( 1984–1988 )
Members of the 12th Knesset ( 1988–1992 )
Members of the 13th Knesset ( 1992–1996 )
Deputy ministers of Israel
Brad Kearns ( born February 4 , 1965 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American author , podcast host , professional speed golfer , masters high jumper , and former professional triathlete . Kearns performed on the international triathlon circuit from 1986 to 1995 and won 31 events worldwide . They are currently a top-20 world-ranked professional speed golfer , and 2020 top-3 world-ranked masters age 55-59 high jumper . In 2018 , Kearns broke the Guinness world record for the fastest single hole of golf ever played ( minimum length , 500 yards ) .
Athletic career
Kearns ' start in endurance sports was at Taft High School in Woodland Hills , California , where they ran cross country and track from 1980 to 1982 . They were 17th in the 1981 National Junior Olympics Cross Country meet at age 15 , and a finalist at the National Junior Olympics Track & Field Championships 1500 meters at age 16 , winning their semi-final heat in 4:06 , and achieving a national ranking of 12th in their age division . They placed 5th in the Los Angeles City Cross Country Championships in 1981 , setting a school record of 15:24 on the Pierce College course that held for nearly 20 years , and still ranks in the top 60 all-time LA City section performances as of 2015 . In track and field , they set a Los Angeles City Cee Division ( i.e . - Frosh/Soph ) record , winning the 1600 meter title in 1981 in 4.26.05 . As a senior in 1982 , Kearns placed 4th in the Los Angeles City section 1600 meters in 4:23 , coming from 50 meters behind the pack on the final lap to take the final qualifying spot for the California state high school championships . At the state meet at Hughes Stadium in Sacramento , Kearns was seeded 24th out of 27th qualifiers , but was a surprise qualifier for the finals . They set a personal record of 4:19.30 to place fifth in their qualifying heat , again passing several runners with a final lap split of 59 seconds . They placed 9th in the state final 1600-meter race in a time of 4:20 .
Kearns graduated from UC Santa Barbara with a B.A. , cum laude , in business/economics in 1985 . In 1982 , as a first-year student on the varsity cross-country team , they placed 37th in the Pacific Coast Athletic Association cross country championships at Woodward Park in Fresno . The meet was held in conjunction with the Pac-10 cross country championships , and Kearns placed 93rd overall in the 10k race in a time of 32:44 . Their running career at UCSB was riddled with injuries and illness , leading them to embark on triathlon efforts . In their first year of cycling on the UCSB club team , Kearns was California Collegiate Cycling Association state champion in the Novice B division in the 10-mile time trial with a time of 24:27 .
After an 11-week stint at the KPMG accounting firm in downtown Los Angeles , Kearns decided to pursue a career on the professional triathlon circuit . Over nine years on the professional circuit , career highlights include wins at the 1991 National Bud Light USTS Series/Coke Grand Prix Championship , the 1991 USA Triathlon National Sprint Championship , the 1991 International Triathlon Union Pan-American Championship , a streak of seven consecutive wins in 1991-1992 and a year-end # 3 world-ranking in 1991 .
In November , 1986 , as an unranked rookie professional , Kearns upset world 's # 1 duathlete Kenny Souza and world # 1 ranked triathlete Scott Molina at the inaugural Desert Princess World Championship Series Run-Bike-Run event ( 10k-62k-10k ) , with a time of 2:44 . Six weeks later , under pressure to legitimize their fluke victory against the two world leaders and many other top professionals from both the duathlon and triathlon circuits , Kearns shattered the course record and beat their nearest competitor by five minutes , in a time of 2:38:47 . At the final race in the series in February , 1987 , Kearns placed 4th to easily claim the first Duathlon World Championship Series title . At this event they became the first athlete in history to use aerodynamic handlebars in a multisport event , debuting a handcrafted Scott DH handlebar from inventor Boone Lennon . In moving from 27th place to 4th place during the 62k bike segment , many competitors were availed a glimpse at the aerodynamic advantage provided by the DH bars , and they soon became popular on the circuit .
Over the seasons of 1990 and 1991 , Kearns had 15 first-place finishes at major races and 33 top-5 finishes . In world championship competition , they placed 5th at the long course championships in Nice , France ( 1988 ) , 6th at the Olympic distance world championship in Kelowna , B.C . ( 1988 ) and 5th at the ITU Olympic distance world championships in Muskoka , Ontario ( 1992 ) . Over the ensuing 28 years , Kearns has been the last USA athlete to place top-5 at ITU Olympic distance worlds . In 1991 , Kearns won the ITU World Cup/Pan American Championship event at Olympic distance ( 1.5k-40k-10k ) in Ixtapa , Mexico by a record margin of five minutes . In 1993 , Kearns won the richest sprint distance triathlon in the history of triathlon , the DCA Atlanta event ( 1k-20k-5k ) , earning $ 11,750 in the 51-minute race .
Later athletic career
Kearns ' current competitive focus is the unique sport of Speedgolf , and they are a four-time top-20 finisher in the World Professional Speedgolf Championships . In Speedgolf tournaments , competitors run through the round at high speed , carrying only a handful of clubs . Both minutes and strokes are added together to achieve a Speedgolf total score . Kearns was a professional competitor in the late 1990s , placing 8th in the 1996 World `` Extreme Golf '' Championships in San Diego . In 2014 , they returned to professional competition for the first time in 18 years . They placed 20th in the 2014 World Speedgolf Championships at Bandon Dunes , Oregon , shooting 83 in 51 minutes for a Speedgolf score of 134.12 . In 2015 , Kearns repeated their 20th-place finish in the professional division of the World Speedgolf Championships on Oct 19-20 at the Glen Club in Chicago , IL . Their 36-hole score was 289 . In 2016 , Kearns placed 19th in the professional division of the World Speedgolf Championships on Oct 17-18 at the Glen Club in Chicago , IL .
In 2018 , Kearns twice broke the Guinness World Record for the fastest single hole of golf ever played by an individual ( minimum hole length of 500 yards . ) On May 8 , 2018 , at the Bing Maloney Golf Course in Sacramento , CA , Kearns played the 503-yard ninth hole in one minute , 40.24 seconds , taking ten seconds off of the previous record held by Steve Jeffs of England . On June 1 , 2018 , at the Woodley Lakes Golf Course in Van Nuys , CA , Kearns played the 503-yard fourth hole in one minute , 38.75 seconds . Using only a single club , a 3-wood , Kearns scored a birdie four on the par-5 hole , sprinting full speed between shots .
Kearns is also an avid high jumper and sprinter . In February 2020 , competing in the high jump in the masters age 55-59 division in Santa Monica , CA , they cleared 5 ' 0 '' ( 1.52m ) , which ranked them # 1 in the USA and # 3 in the world as of May , 2020 . In 2016 at age 51 , Kearns cleared 1.65m ( 5 ' 5 '' ) , in the high jump at a practice session , matching the All-American standard for the 50-54 age group . At Placer High School track practice , Kearns clocked times of 13.0 for 100 meters and 59.6 for 400 meters at age 48 . At age 49 , they delivered a 59.6 in the 400 meters . Kearns ran in the 50s at age 50 with another 400 meter time trial .
Publishing and coaching
Kearns has self-published several books and written three published by McGraw-Hill : Breakthrough Triathlon Training ( 2005 ) , How Lance Does It ( 2006 ) , and How Tiger Does It . Kearns created and produced the Auburn Triathlon in Auburn , for 11 years . They were the founder and executive director of a kids fitness program called Running School , delivering fitness and healthy lifestyle programming to students at partner elementary schools in Northern California and Nevada .
Since 2008 , Kearns has worked with Mark Sisson to create the Primal Blueprint books and evolutionary-based diet , exercise and lifestyle movement . In 2012 , Kearns did a 22-city tour across America deliver the Primal Blueprint Transformation Seminar . From 2010-2014 , Kearns was the director of 9 PrimalCon healthy lifestyle retreats in cities across North America . They and Sisson co-authored the book Primal Endurance in 2016 , The Keto Reset Diet in 2017 , Keto For Life in 2020 , and Two Meals A Day in 2021 . The Keto Reset Diet became a New York Times bestseller in October 2017 , reached # 4 in its non-fiction category , and briefly ranked as the # 1 bestselling book overall on amazon.com .
Kearns hosts the B.rad Podcast , covering health , fitness , peak performance , happiness , and longevity , with an emphasis on toning down the overly intense and self-important competitive disposition in favor of cultivating a pure motivation and releasing the attachment of self-esteem to the outcome of your peak performance pursuits . They have interviewed numerous high profile guests , including : NY Times bestselling authors Mark Manson ( The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck ) , John Gray ( Men Are from Mars , Women Are from Venus ) , Melissa Urban ( Whole30 ) , Gretchen Rubin ( The 4 Tendencies ) Seth Godin ( This Is Marketing ) , Dan Millman ( The Way Of The Peaceful Warrior ) , and John Assaraf ( The Answer ) ; top podcasters Ben Greenfield , Abel James , Drew Manning , and Luke Storey ; ancestral health leaders Mark Sisson , Dr. Peter Attia , Dr. Cate Shanahan , Robb Wolf , Dr. Shawn Baker , and Dr. Paul Saladino ; fitness icons Laird Hamilton , Gabby Reece , Dr. Kelly Starrett , Dr. Phil Maffetone , and Brian MacKenzie ; triathlon legends Mark Allen and Dave Scott ; Olympic 800-meter runner Nick Symmonds ; and Time magazine 2017 Co-Person of the Year Dr. Wendy Walsh .
References
External links
2014 World Speedgolf Championships
http : //mastersrankings.com/
1965 births
Living people
American men podcasters
American podcasters
American male triathletes
Track and field athletes from Los Angeles
William Howard Taft Charter High School alumni
UC Santa Barbara Gauchos men 's track and field athletes
Golfers from Los Angeles
Cube : 3D Puzzle Mayhem , known as simply Cube in North America and as ( part of the Simple 2500 Portable series ) , is a puzzle video game developed by Metia Interactive and published by D3 Publisher in 2007 .
Reception
The game received `` mixed '' reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic . In Japan , Famitsu gave it a score of 25 out of 40 .
References
External links
2007 video games
D3 Publisher games
PlayStation Portable games
PlayStation Portable-only games
Puzzle video games
Video games developed in New Zealand
Tamesk ( ) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 114 , in 34 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Forbidden Island was the third album by Martin Denny . The album was produced in March 1958 at the Liberty Studios in Hollywood , following the group 's nine-month gig performing at Don the Beachcomber 's Bora Bora Lounge in Hawaii . Forbidden Island was Denny 's first album to be recorded and released after vibraphonist Arthur Lyman left the group to pursue their own solo career . The album includes four original compositions by Denny : `` Cobra '' , `` Exotica '' , `` Primitiva '' , and `` Forbidden Island '' .
Upon its release in May 1958 , Billboard awarded the album four stars and wrote : `` Interesting treatment of exotic original and standards . . . produced provocative sound . Good off-beat jockey wax . ''
Richie Unterberger , in a review for AllMusic.com gave the album four stars and noted that it mixed `` island sounds , easy listening , and Asian/world music accents . ''
Australian critic John Masters wrote in December 1959 that high fidelity addicts may enjoy Denny 's `` conglomeration of weird and wonderful imitations of tropical rhythms '' and opined that , although `` most of the content . . . is sugar coated trash , the recorded sound is outstanding and for this reason the disc is commended , as a technical showpiece only , to stereophiles . ''
Track listing
Side A
1 . `` Cobra '' ( Martin Denny ) – 3:01
2 . `` Port au Prince '' ( Les Baxter ) – 2:07
3 . `` Exotica '' ( Martin Denny ) – 3:00
4 . `` Little China Doll '' ( Dave Snell ) – 2:38
5 . `` Bali Hai '' ( Richard Rodgers , Oscar Hammerstein ) – 2:55
6 . `` Narcissus Queen '' ( R. A. Anderson ) – 2:25
Side B
1 . `` Sim Sim '' ( Les Baxter ) – 3:03
2 . `` Goony Birds '' ( Julius Wechter ) – 2:13
3 . `` Primitiva '' ( Martin Denny ) – 2:30
4 . `` March of the Siamese Children '' ( Richard Rodgers ) – 2:43
5 . `` Sukura '' ( Dai Keong Lee ) – 2:41
6 . `` Forbidden Island '' ( Martin Denny ) – 2:56
Personnel
Band members
Martin Denny – piano , celeste , arranger , composer
Augie Colon – Latin instruments , special effects , bird calls , and bongos
Julius Wechter – vibes , marimba , xylophone , percussion
Harvey Ragsdale – string bass
Guest specialists
Lew Paino – percussion
Will Brady – flute and musette
Bud Lee – guitar and Japanese samisen
Mike Garcia – conga drum
Other contributors
Si Waronker – producer
Garrett-Howard – cover design
Bob Lang and Ted Keep – engineers
Sandy Warner – cover model , `` the Exotica girl ''
Buck Buchwach – liner notes
Further reading
Forbidden Island at Ambient Exotica
References
1958 albums
Exotica albums
Martin Denny albums
Liberty Records albums
Albums produced by Martin Denny
Albums arranged by Martin Denny
The 1960 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football team represented Western Kentucky State College ( now known as Western Kentucky University ) as a member of the Ohio Valley Conference ( OVC ) during the 1960 NCAA College Division football season . Led by fourth-year head coach Nick Denes , the Hilltoppers compiled an overall record of 2–6–1 with a mark 1–4–1 conference play , tying for sixth place in the OVC . The team 's captain was Herb Wassom .
Schedule
References
Western Kentucky
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football seasons
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football
`` Kebyar-Kebyar '' ( also spelled `` Gebyar-Gebyar '' ) is a 1979 patriotic song by the singer Gombloh . In 2009 it was listed by Rolling Stone Indonesia as the second best Indonesian song of all time .
Themes and styles
`` Kebyar-Kebyar '' deals with heroism and patriotism , two themes common in Gombloh 's early work . It also draws heavily on local tradition , reminiscent of Rick Wakeman 's work with Yes .
The beat is melodious , with heavy pop influences . The lyrics are reminiscent of traditional syair and are aloof , leading the listener to consider Gombloh is making a statement that their nationalism is inherently a part of their creative process . It is written in time .
Release and reception
`` Kebyar-Kebyar '' was released on the album of the same name , issued by Golden Hand , in 1979 . It continues to be used during Independence Day ceremonies in Indonesia , both official and unofficial ones , and on or around 17 August it is often played on the radio and television . The Indonesian pop singer Fariz RM writes that `` Kebyar-Kebyar '' is the only pop song which receives this treatment in the country .
In its December 2009 issue , Rolling Stone Indonesia listed `` Kebyar-Kebyar '' as the second best Indonesian song of all time . Denny MR , in the write-up , described the song as Gombloh 's most monumental work , deriving its strength from its `` melodic '' beat , one which went against the common `` heroic '' beat used in other patriotic songs . Another of Gombloh 's songs , `` Berita Cuaca '' , was ranked 98th . Asrat Ginting , in their overview of Indonesian music , writes that whoever sings the song tends to perform full of emotion ; Ginting suggests it may be nationalism , or may be the pride of being on stage .
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Contains Indonesian and English lyrics
1979 singles
Indonesian patriotic songs
1979 songs
Prince Mohammad Hossein Mirza Firouz ( 1894–1983 ) KCVO ( 1919 ) was an Iranian prince of the Qajar dynasty . They were son of Prince Abdol-Hossein Mirza Farmanfarma and Princess Ezzat-ed-Dowleh daughter of Mozaffar al-Din Shah .
Biography
They were educated privately in Tehran and Tabriz . At the age of 12 , they were sent with their elder brother , Firouz Mirza to Paris . In Paris they attended Lycee Janson de Sailly . They also studied at the military academies of Russia . They joined the Russian Army and served during World War I. Firouz returned to Persia after the Russian revolution . They were Governor-General of Fars 1941-1942 and Minister for Roads and Communications 1945-1946 .
Government Positions Held
Chief of military mission to India , 1942
Governor-General of Fars ( 1st time ) , 1941–1942
Governor-General of Fars ( 2nd time ) , 1944–1945
Chief of military mission to the North African front , 1943
Minister of Roads and Communications , 1945–1946
Honours
Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown of Belgium ( 1919 )
Order of the Legion of Honour
Qajar princes
1894 births
1983 deaths
Farmanfarmaian family
Russian military personnel of World War I
19th-century Iranian politicians
Iranian expatriates in Russia
19th-century Iranian military personnel
Imperial Iranian Army brigadier generals
Albert Lajuane Burditt ( born May 15 , 1972 ) is an American retired basketball player . They played for four years at the University of Texas at Austin , before being drafted by the Houston Rockets in the 1994 NBA draft . However , they did not play in the NBA . Burditt played for the Oklahoma City Cavalry of the Continental Basketball Association in the 1994–1995 season , averaging 8.4 points and 8.1 rebounds per game . Burditt played professionally in the CBA and nine other countries .
References
Profile — TheDraftReview.com
External links
Latinbasket.net profile
Spanish league stats
1972 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Mexico
American expatriate basketball people in Portugal
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American expatriate basketball people in Sweden
American expatriate basketball people in Uruguay
American men 's basketball players
Andrea Costa Imola players
Basketball players from Austin , Texas
Belgrano de San Nicolás basketball players
CB Gran Canaria players
Houston Rockets draft picks
Liga ACB players
Oklahoma City Cavalry players
Pallacanestro Reggiana players
Pallacanestro Varese players
Power forwards ( basketball )
Roseto Sharks players
S.L . Benfica basketball players
Santeros de Aguada basketball players
Texas Longhorns men 's basketball players
Mgboko is a town home to the Local Government Headquarters of Obi Ngwa , Abia State , Nigeria .
Towns in Abia State
Thomas Valentine Hickey ( 14 February 1933 – 2 January 2020 ) was a Canadian politician . They represented the electoral district of Cape St. Francis in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1966 to 1986 as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador .
The son of Thomas and Mary Hickey , they were born at Outer Cove and was educated there and at Memorial University . Hickey married Dorothy Grace Wall ; the couple had one daughter ; SuzAnne Valentina . They worked for the Department of Social Services , was a sales representative for British American Oil and then was the owner of a groceteria . They also worked at the United States Air Force base at Fort Pepperrell . Hickey served on the town council for Placentia . In 1963 they founded and served as first president of the Placentia Regatta .
Hickey was elected to the Newfoundland House of Assembly in 1966 and was reelected in 1971 , 1972 , 1975 , 1979 and 1982 . They served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Social Services , as Minister of Provincial Affairs , as Minister of Transportation and Communications , as Minister of Tourism , as Minister of Rehabilitation and Recreation and as Minister of Housing .
Hickey was the founder of the Newfoundland and Labrador First Party , which was established in November 2004. and led the party from 2004 until 2008 , when they were succeeded as party leader by Wayne Bennett . Hickey ran unsuccessfully for the party in a Placentia—St . Mary 's by-election held in 2006 , winning only 31 votes .
Hickey died on 2 January 2020 . They were 86 years old .
References
1933 births
2020 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Members of the Executive Council of Newfoundland and Labrador
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki , Aomori Prefecture , Japan , operated by the private railway operator , Kōnan Railway Company . It is located in front of Hirosaki Gakuin University .
Lines
Hirosakigakuindaimae Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line , and lies 12.0 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station .
Station layout
The station has one island platform connected to the station building by a level crossing . The station is unattended .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Hirosakigakuindaimai Station was opened as on January 26 , 1952 , with the opening of the Ōwani Line . On December 1 , 1971 the first automatic ticket machines on the Kōnan Railway were installed at this station . It became a kan ' i itaku station on October 1 , 1985 . The station name was changed to its present name on September 1 , 2008 . The station has been unattended since April 1 , 2009 .
Surrounding area
Hirosaki University
Hirosaki Gakuin University
Tohoku Women 's College
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Hirosaki
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
The Death Valley expedition was an 1891 expedition to discover the geographic distributions of plants ( phytogeography ) and animals in California 's Death Valley .
It was the first of a series of expeditions funded by an 1890 act of the United States Congress . The expedition included biologists , naturalists , botanists , and zoologists .
They produced valuable reports of historic significance in several fields , including `` Botany of the Death Valley Expedition '' , “ The Death Valley Expedition : A Biological Survey of Parts of California , Nevada , Arizona , and Utah ” , and `` Annotated List of the Reptiles and Batrachians Collected by the Death Valley Expedition in 1891 , with Descriptions of New Species '' .
References
External links
Coville 's Field notes , Death Valley Expedition , 1891 , Smithsonian Digital Volunteers
Bailey 's Field notes , Death Valley Expedition , 1891 , Smithsonian Digital Volunteers
Death Valley expedition
Death Valley
Death Valley expedition
1891 in California
Death Valley expedition
Death Valley expedition
Natural history of Inyo County , California
Death Valley Expedition
Death Valley expedition
Death Valley expedition
Death Valley National Park
Death Valley expedition
Eckhard Stratmann-Mertens , formerly known as Eckhard Stratmann , ( born 3 April 1948 in Oberhausen , North Rhine-Westphalia ) is a former politician and Green Party member of the German Bundestag . Before and after serving in the Bundestag , they taught at a secondary school in Bochum , Germany .
National and local activity
Stratmann-Mertens was a founding member of the German Green Party and in 1983 , when the Greens were first elected to the Bundestag , they were one of those elected from the proportional party list ( Landesliste ) . They were elected to the 10th German Bundestag from the Landesliste of North Rhine-Westphalia . They were the first member of the Green Party faction to speak before the German parliament . Wearing corduroys and an open shirt , they introduced themselves in the Bundestag , first to the citizens of Germany , then to the members of the German parliament .
They were a member of the Bundestag until 31 March 1985 , when they left their seat , following the principal of rotation in office . They served a second time as a Green Party faction member of the 11th German parliament from 1987 to 1990 . Stratmann-Mertens was the political spokesperson for the economic and energy faction in the Bundestag .
Stratmann-Mertens and other anti-war activists called at a special Green Party convention in Bielefeld on 13 May 1999 for an immediate halt to the NATO bombing in the Kosovo War , but were unsuccessful getting the party to adopt the position . In protest , they and others resigned that day . Stratmann-Mertens announced they would launch a new national network for other peace activists who also wanted to leave the Greens .
Stratmann-Mertens is the spokesperson of the Bochumer Bürgerinitiative gegen die DüBoDo , ( a Bochum citizens ' initiative against a proposed autobahn that would connect Düsseldorf , Bochum and Dortmund , rather than expand already existing highways ) . They have been a member of attac since 2001 . Following their terms in the Bundestag , Stratmann-Mertens returned to their teaching position at the Albert-Einstein-Schule , a German-English bilingual gymnasium in Bochum , Germany , where they taught social sciences , history and religion ( Protestant ) . They then taught at the Neues Gymnasium Bochum , a new school formed by a merger of the Albert Einstein School with the Gymnasium am Ostring . They retired in July 2013 .
References
External links
Eckhard Stratmann-Mertens website
in Essen , Germany ( May 28 , 2011 ) . Retrieved June 28 , 2011
Albert Einstein School , Bochum , Germany
Bürgerinitiative Bochum gegen die DüBoDo ( Bochum citizens ' initiative against a new highway )
1948 births
Living people
People from Oberhausen
Members of the Bundestag for North Rhine-Westphalia
People from Bochum
Members of the Bundestag for Alliance 90/The Greens
Gagliato ( Calabrian : ) is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro , in the Calabria region of southern Italy . In recognition of the unique role that the town has come to play as an international magnet for global leaders in nanotechnology , and as host of the NanoGagliato events , Gagliato has received the official appellation of “ Paese delle NanoScienze ” , town of Nanosciences , attributed by the City Council .
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
Pike County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2010 United States Census , it had a population of 16,430 . Its county seat is Pittsfield .
History
Pike County was formed in January 1821 out of Madison County . It was named in honor of Zebulon Pike , leader of the Pike Expedition in 1806 to map out the south and west portions of the Louisiana Purchase . Pike served at the Battle of Tippecanoe , and was killed in 1813 in the War of 1812 .
Prior to the coming of the first European settler to the future Pike County , French traders , hunters , and travelers passed through the native forests and prairies . Originally Pike County began on the south junction of the Illinois and Mississippi rivers . The east boundary was the Illinois River north to the Kankakee River to the Indiana State line on north to Wisconsin territorial line and then west to the Mississippi River to the original point at the south end . The first county seat was Cole 's Grove , a post town , in what later became Calhoun County . The Gazetteer of Illinois and Missouri , published in 1822 , mentioned Chicago as `` a village of Pike County '' containing 12 or 15 houses and about 60 or 70 inhabitants .
The New Philadelphia Town Site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 and designated a National Historic Landmark in 2009 . Founded by Frank McWorter , an early free black settler in Pike County , it was the first town founded by a black man in the United States . McWorter had invested in land there sight unseen after purchasing the first few members of their family out of slavery . In 1836 they founded the town of New Philadelphia , near Barry . They were elected mayor and lived there the rest of their life . With the sale of land , they made enough money to purchase the freedom of their children . After the railroad bypassed the town , its growth slowed and it was eventually abandoned in the 20th century . The town site is now an archaeological site .
In the early 21st century , Pike County acquired notability as a whitetail deer hunting center , especially for bowhunting .
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 2.1 % ) is water .
Pike County is located on the highlands between the Illinois River , which forms its eastern border , and the Mississippi River , which borders Missouri . It has two interstate highways , I-72 , with bridges spanning both rivers to enter the county , and I-172 which extends about into the county to its intersection with I-72 .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Pittsfield have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May .
Major highways
Interstate 72
Interstate 172
U.S. Route 36
U.S. Route 54
Illinois Route 57
Illinois Route 96
Illinois Route 106
Illinois Route 107
Illinois Route 100
Adjacent counties
Adams County - north
Brown County - northeast
Scott County - east
Morgan County - east
Greene County - southeast
Calhoun County - south
Pike County , Missouri - southwest
Ralls County , Missouri - west
Marion County , Missouri - northwest
Pike County is one of the few US counties to border as many as nine counties . Illinois has two – Pike and LaSalle .
National protected area
Great River National Wildlife Refuge ( part )
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 16,430 people , 6,639 households , and 4,527 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 7,951 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.9 % white , 1.7 % black or African American , 0.2 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 0.2 % from other races , and 0.7 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 26.3 % were German , 16.8 % were American , 15.1 % were English , and 13.4 % were Irish .
Of the 6,639 households , 30.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 54.5 % were married couples living together , 9.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 31.8 % were non-families , and 27.8 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.87 . The median age was 42.5 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 40,205 and the median income for a family was $ 50,426 . Males had a median income of $ 39,071 versus $ 26,835 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,996 . About 11.3 % of families and 15.4 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 23.7 % of those under age 18 and 11.2 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Pike County was reliably Democratic from 1892 through 1948 ; only 2 Republican Party nominees carried the county vote during that period . However , it was a national bellwether in every presidential election from 1912 to 2004 aside from 1924 & 1988 . Since 2000 , the county has become a Republican stronghold , with Donald Trump winning it in the 2016 presidential election by a margin of 57.6 points . The county is located in Illinois 's 18th Congressional District and is currently represented by Republican Davin LaHood . For the Illinois House of Representatives , the county is located in the 100th district and is currently represented by Republican C.D . Davidsmeyer . The county is located in the 50th district of the Illinois Senate , and is currently represented by Republican William McCann .
Communities
Cities
Barry
Griggsville
Pittsfield ( seat )
Villages
Baylis
Detroit
El Dara
Florence
Hull
Kinderhook
Milton
Nebo
New Salem
Pearl
Perry
Pleasant Hill
Time
Valley City
Town
New Canton
Census Designated Place
Rockport
Unincorporated communities
Atlas
Bedford
Chambersburg
East Hannibal
Fishhook
Maysville
Munger
New Hartford
Pike Station
Seehorn
Straut
Summer Hill
Ghost towns
Dutton
Griggsville Landing
New Philadelphia
Townships
Atlas Township
Barry Township
Chambersburg Township
Cincinnati Township
Derry Township
Detroit Township
Fairmount Township
Flint Township
Griggsville Township
Hadley Township
Hardin Township
Kinderhook Township
Levee Township
Martinsburg Township
Montezuma Township
Newburg Township
New Salem Township
Pearl Township
Perry Township
Pittsfield Township
Pleasant Hill Township
Pleasant Vale Township
Ross Township
Spring Creek Township
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pike County , Illinois
References
External links
Pike County Chamber of Commerce
Pike County books and primary sources
New Philadelphia Association
Free Frank New Philadelphia Historic Preservation Foundation
Christopher C. Fennell , `` Updates on New Philadelphia Archaeology Project '' , University of Illinois , Urbana-Champaign
New Philadelphia : A Multiracial Town on the Illinois Frontier , a National Park Service Teaching with Historic Places ( TwHP ) lesson plan
Pike County Township Histories summation
Pike County Illinois History
1821 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1821
Illinois counties
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
General Claudio Graziano ( born 22 November 1953 ) is an Italian Army officer who presently serves as Chairman of the European Union Military Committee .
They are a former Force Commander of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) , serving in the position between 2007 and 2010 . On 6 December 2011 they became the Chief of Staff of the Italian Army . From 28 February 2015 to 6 November 2018 , Graziano served as the Chief of Defence Staff of the Italian Armed Forces .
References
Biographical note from the United Nations Department of Public Information .
External links
Italian generals
United Nations military personnel
Living people
1953 births
Recipients of the National Order of the Cedar
Knights Commander of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Italian military attachés
Chiefs of Defence Staff ( Italy )
Chairmen of the European Union Military Committee
The Federal Correctional Institution , Tucson ( FCI Tucson ) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates with an administrative facility for male and female offenders . It is part of the Tucson Federal Correctional Complex ( FCC Tucson ) and operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , a division of the United States Department of Justice .
FCI Tucson is located within Tucson city limits , 10 miles southeast of downtown Tucson .
History
Opened in March 1982 , the institution was originally a metropolitan correctional center designed for a capacity of 392 inmates . The staff numbered 237 as of 2002 .
Facility
The facility houses approximately 770 inmates . Males are held in two-person medium security cells , and there is an administrative facility for both male and female offenders . The prison mainly holds pretrial inmates from federal court proceedings in the District of Arizona as well as short term and sentenced inmates awaiting transfer .
Notable inmates ( current and former )
†Inmates released prior to 1982 are not listed on the Bureau of Prisons website .
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
External links
FCI Tucson at the Federal Bureau of Prisons ( Official site )
Buildings and structures in Tucson , Arizona
Tucson
Tucson
1982 establishments in Arizona
Robert Island , also known as Round Island and Ganquan Island ( ; ) is an island in the Paracel Islands , in the South China Sea .
Like the other Paracel Islands , it is controlled by China ( PRC ) but is claimed by both Taiwan ( ROC ) and Vietnam . It is administered as part of the Yongxing Dao Neighborhood Committee township-level division , in the county-level division of the Xisha District of the Sansha prefecture-level city , in Hainan province .
An environmental protection station was established there in February 2014 .
The Ganquan Island Tang-Song Site ( Ganquan Dao Tang-Song yizhi ) , consisting two very small rocky temples , is classified as a Major National Historical and Cultural Site by the Chinese government because of ruins of an ancient settlement from the Tang and Song dynasties .
References
Paracel Islands
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Hainan
Altina is the name of :
Altina , Belgrade
Altina , Scythia , ancient settlement
See also
Al-Tina , village in Israel
Truant / Rough Sleeper is the sixth extended play by British electronic music producer Burial . It was digitally released by Hyperdub on 14 December 2012 , with a vinyl and CD release following on 17 December 2012 .
Track listing
All tracks written and produced by Burial .
Charts
References
External links
2012 EPs
Dystopian music
Hyperdub EPs
Burial ( musician ) EPs
Thomas Edward Hibberd ( April 22 , 1926 – May 10 , 2017 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player . They were a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers who won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz . In 2001 Hibberd was honoured by the Canadian Forces when it was announced that the 1948 RCAF Flyers were selected as Canada 's greatest military athletes of the 20th century . They died on May 10 , 2017 at the age of 91 .
References
1926 births
2017 deaths
Canadian ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Madanpur Khadar village is an urban Village in South East District of Delhi .
It is believed that Madanpur Khadar Village is an 800 Years Old Village named after Thakur Madan Singh Chauhan . The Term Khadar is attached to the Village 's Name because the Village is Situated on the Banks of Yamuna River . Madanpur Khadar Village was declared as an urban Village by the Administrative Authorities under Delhi Metropolitan Council through Notification u/s 507 in 1966 .
The village strives to retain its rural charm despite being surrounded by industrial areas and colonies
History
Madanpur Khadar is an 800 Years old Village . The village of Madanpur Khadar takes its name from Chaudhary Madan Singh a Prominent Villager .
Demographics
Bhangar Mohalla - The People in this Mohalla are Descendant of One Baba Hathi who Grew up in Tehkhand and later their Great Grand Son 's Baba Kunja , Baba Balram and Baba Udairam , Baba Rupa Shifted to Madanpur and Baba Mohkam To Tughlakabad Village , later on Baba Rupa Moved to Khizrabad Village .
Churiya Mohalla
Mehla Mohalla - Descendants of Baba Mehru
Haddu Mohalla - Descendants of Baba Harlal .
One Mohalla of Chauhans ( RAJPUTS )
Administration
Madanpur Khadar Village Comes under Jurisdiction of South East Delhi .
The Sub Division is Sarita Vihar while its office is situated in Amar Colony and the DCP office is in Sarita Vihar .
Police Station Sarita Vihar Have jurisdiction over Madanpur Khadar Village .
Governance
Madanpur Khadar Village Comes under Madanpur Khadar West - ward 104S , The Councillor is Smt . Kamlesh Bidhuri .
In Delhi Legislative assembly , Madanpur Khadar Village Comes under Okhla Assembly of Delhi Vidhansabha . MLA is Amanatullah Khan .
In Loksabha , Madanpur Khadar village comes Under East Delhi Loksabha . Gautam Gambhir is the Member of Parliament from this area
Notable people
World Boxing Champion Gaurav Bidhuri hails from Madanpur Khadar Village
Ch . Tirkha Ram Zaildar was Nominated as an Zaildar for More than 25 Villages in Delhi during British Period , they were also Appointed as a Jury in British Jury .
Ch . Narain Singh was 5 times undefeated Councillor in Delhi Metropolitan Council elections from Okhla and Kalkaji seats , they also served as an Chairman of DESU , they defeated known politicians like Vijay Kumar Malhotra and Hansraj Sethi .
Ch . Rattan Singh was a Prominent BJP Leader from Madanpur Khadar Village , in 1983 , they unsuccessfully contested Delhi Metropolitan Council Election on Okhla Seat and lost to Deshraj Chhabra of Congress by a Narrow Margin of 800 Votes . They got 12,937 votes in that election .
In 2007 , Ch . Brahm Prakash from BJP was also elected a Councillor from Sarita Vihar ward . they also served as an Chairman of Central Zone , Municipal Corporation of Delhi .
In 2012 , BSP ` s Ch . Bir Singh , Councillor from Madanpur Khadar Ward , was elected unopposed to the post of Deputy Mayor , they were the first deputy mayor from South Delhi Municipal corporation
Educational institutions
SCP INFOTECH INSTITUTE Computer Education & NIELIT Facilitation Center ( BCC , CCC Authorized Training Center )
Rama Krishna Government Sarvodaya Bal Vidyalaya , Madanpur Khadar
Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalya , Madanpur Khadar
Government Girls Senior Secondary School , Madanpur Khadar
Government Boys Senior Secondary school , Madanpur Khadar
SDMC Boys Primary School , Madanpur Khadar
SDMC Girls Primary School , Madanpur Khadar
GD Goenka School , Sarita Vihar
Saint Giri Public School , Sarita Vihar
D.A.V Public School , Jasola
Raj Public School
Sundar Public School
Lal Bahadur Shastri Training Institute
SCP Tlly GST Training Center , Madanpur Khadar , Sarita Vihar , New Delhi
Hospitals
MCW MADANPUR KHADAR - Mother and Child Welfare Centre , Madanpur Khadar
MCD Allopathic Dispensary , MADANPUR KHADAR
Veterinary HOSPITAL , Madanpur Khadar
All India Institute of Ayurveda , Delhi The AIIAD project completed in 2016 , AIIA was Inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Indraprastha Apollo Hospital ,
Fortis Escorts Heart Institute and
Holy Family Hospital are some of the hospitals located within the radius of 5 km of Madanpur Khadar village .
Future projects
There are massive infrastructure projects in the pipeline for Madanpur Khadar Village ,
DND–KMP Expressway - in March 2019 Union minister for road transport and highways Nitin Gadkari laid the foundation stone for a 59-km six-lane DND–KMP Expressway national highway connecting New Delhi 's Ring Road with the under-construction Delhi-Mumbai Expressway .
The highway alignment was announced by the Centre in May , 2018 . The access-controlled highway project will start at the Ring Road-DND junction , pass through the Kalindi bypass , Madanpur Khadar Village , Aali Village , Meethapur Chowk and Faridabad-Ballabhgarh bypass , and will finish at the interchange of the Delhi-Mumbai Expressway at the Western Peripheral Expressway or Kundli-Manesar–Palwal ( KMP ) Expressway this Project is going to further enhance the appeal of Madanpur Khadar Village
An 350 Bed Government Hospital is also at planning stage in K & L Block of Sarita Vihar
Religious places
Kheda Devta Mandir - this is Gram Devta , the Villagers worship it on each and Every Festival and On Sunday .
Shiv Mandir - This is an very Old Temple in Village
Ganga Mandir
Kalkaji Mandir - people of Village Considers Kalkaji Mandir as very Auspicious .
Baba MohanRam Mandir - The people of Village also worships Baba MohanRam in Milakpur Gurjar , Bhiwadi Rajasthan on every Dauj
Public transportation
Madanpur Khadar Village is situated at a Prime location of South East Delhi having as in East Direction DND-KMP Expressway , in West Direction Delhi-Mathura Highway , In North Noida Kalindi Kunj Road . It is at Border of Uttar Pradesh and Haryana . People Can travel to Noida and Faridabad In just 10 Minutes .
Nearest Metro Station :
Sarita Vihar ( Delhi Metro ) Station on Violet Line
Jasola - Shaheen Bagh ( Delhi Metro ) Station on Magenta Line .
Kalindi Kunj ( Delhi Metro ) Station on Magenta Line .
Delhi Transport Corporation ( DTC ) buses which pass from Madanpur Khadar Village are :
460 ( Badarpur Border - Minto Road )
405 ( Badarpur Border - Old Delhi Railway Station )
479 ( Badarpur Border - Punjabi Bagh )
34 ( Mehrauli - Noida Sector 37 )
8 ( Badarpur Border - Noida Phase II )
404 ( Madanpur Khadar Village - Mori Gate )
465 ( Madanpur Khadar Extension - Safdarjung Terminal )
473 ( Badarpur Border - Anand vihar Terminal )
422 ( Badarpur Border - Kashmiri Gate )
See also
Tughlakabad Village
Tehkhand
Khizrabad Village
Fatehpur Beri Village
Old Pilanji Village
References
Villages in South East District Delhi
Richard Dunston was a shipbuilder on the Humber , England . The company started building wooden barges miles from the sea and evolved to pioneer fully welded steel ships of a single design . The yard is now closed , although the name continues in a ship repair yard .
History
Before 1858 , Richard Dunston owned a boatyard at Torksey on the Foss Dyke , but in that year they sold the yard , and established a new one at Thorne , on the north bank of the Stainforth and Keadby Canal . It was from the River Trent , and some from the sea . They built wooden barges , using locally-grown , hand-sawn timber . In common with many boatyards at the time , Dunston 's was self-contained , with facilities for making sails , ropes and running gear . This developed into a profitable sideline , supplying ropes to many local industries , and other items to chandlers based at Hull and Grimsby . While repairs to existing hulls were a major part of the output of the yard , vessels capable of carrying up to 80 tons were built , for use on the Humber and its connecting navigations . The hulls were initially clinker built , using overlapping joints between the timbers , but later carvel construction was used , where the timbers butted up against each other to produce a much smoother hull . By the end of the nineteenth century , boat sizes had standardised somewhat , with most craft being either Sheffield-sized keels with square rigging , or larger Humber sloops . Sheffield-sized boats were . Output was fairly low , with an average of one and a half vessels per year between 1858 and 1914 , although a celebration was held when the third vessel in one year was launched .
In 1902 , control of the yard passed to Thomas Dunston following the death of their father , and in 1910 to the 20-year-old grandson of the founder . They set about modernising the business to enable the construction of iron and steel ships , the first of which was completed in 1917 . The company built three wooden drifters for the Admiralty in 1918 . Subsequently , new buildings were erected , and new plant was installed to cope with the construction of steel ships , after which only one further wooden vessel was built . It was supplied to a carrier based at Owston Ferry , was named Constance , and was completed in 1925 . The size of vessels that could be built at the Thorne site was limited by the size of Keadby lock , which was . Because it connected to the tidal River Trent , ships which were longer than this could pass through when the river was level with the canal , and both sets of gates could be opened , but the width was restricted to about . Output during the 1920s and 1930s was somewhat reduced , but was bolstered by further orders from the Admiralty .
Dunstons bought the Henry Scarr shipbuilding yard at Hessle in 1932 , which allowed ships to be launched directly into the Humber , although the Henry Scarr name was retained until 1961 , when the yard became known as Richard Dunston ( Hessle ) Ltd. Dunston 's pioneered construction of all-welded ships in the UK , finding that they could mass-produce a single design more efficiently than traditional riveting . During the Second World War they designed the all-welded steel TID class tug , and built 159 of them , 152 at Thorne and seven at Hessle , with one completed ship leaving the shipyard at six-day intervals . Sections were fabricated elsewhere by companies with spare welding capacity , and were brought to the yard by lorry . Eight sections were needed to make a complete tug , and many of the shipyard welders were women .
Between 1941 and 1945 the two yards built around 200 other vessels for the Admiralty , including barges , launches , lighters , coasters , target vessels , and steam and diesel powered puffers , known as VIC lighters . In late 1945 they build 18 tugs for use on the Irrawaddy river , while in 1946 they built waterboats for Burma , and lighters and barges for use on the RIver Thames .
In 1974 the Dunston family sold both yards to the Ingram Corporation of America . By 1985 , much of the demand for small steel ships had ceased , and the Thorne yard was closed . Soon afterwards , Ingram 's decided to sell the Hessle yard , and in 1986 it was taken over by a management buyout . The Dutch shipbuilders Damen Shipyards Group injected new capital , and soon became the sole owners . Following this , the yard built a variety of vessels , including four Clyde car ferries , a low air draft dry cargo ship , gas tankers and naval tugs .
In December 1994 , the company went into liquidation and the Hessle yard closed . It was used as a recycling yard for several years following its closure , but most of the site has now been rebuilt with offices and car showrooms . Richard Dunston ship repairs still exists further east along the Humber Estuary . During the life of the company , they had constructed over 4,700 vessels , which included 470 built for the navy or military , amounting to around 20 per cent of their total output .
The TID project
In 1942 , the Admiralty realised that a large batch of tugs would be needed , to avoid the need to requisition similar vessels from existing users . They also wanted to keep the slipways at yards which were better suited to building larger ships clear of small-scale projects . The brief that they issued was `` to design , organise and start work immediately , towards achieving , in the shortest possible time , delivery of one tug per week using within the process , little or no shipyard labour . '' Dunston 's were awarded the initial contract , because they had pioneered the use of electric arc welding of hulls , a process which was much quicker and less labour-intensive than using rivetting . The ships would be constructed from pre-fabricated sections , a method used in the United States for the production of Liberty ships .
The design was for a ship long by wide , which was split vertically into eight sections , with unit No.1 at the stern proceeding forwards to unit No.8 at the bow . Each section would be a maximum of long and deep with a maximum weight of six tons , allowing them to be transported to the shipyard by road from the locations at which they were built . None of the frames were bent , and where the hull plates needed to be curved , the curve was in one dimension only . The joints between plates on any one unit were left unwelded for at the outer edges , so that if any deviation from the designed profile occurred , the plates could be sprung together , but because each section was made using jigs , alignment issues did not occur .
Despite the angular design of the flat plates , trials using models in a test tank at Teddington showed that the resistance of the TID design was less than that of a conventionally profiled tug of a similar size up to 7.5 knots , but that at higher speeds , the conventional model was more efficient . As the design speed was 8.5 knots , this was not thought to be a serious consideration . Because the sections were to be produced by engineering companies with no knowledge of shipbuilding , Dunston 's produced over 1,400 drawings covering every detail , much of which was normally omitted from conventional shipyard drawings . The frames for the vessels were placed at centres , and the drawings included full dimensions at every frame . All joints between adjacent sections were made halfway between two frames , and again , detailed dimensions of the outer edges were provided .
Initially , Dunston 's used four fabricators to manufacture the sections , but this was soon increased to 13 , and to minimise the effects of disruption on the supply of sections , each section was made by two fabricators . The fabricators involved were Robert Jenkins and Co Ltd of Rotherham ( S1 ) ; Foster , Yates and Thom Ltd of Blackburn ( S1 and S2 ) ; A J Riley and Son Ltd of Manchester ( S2 ) ; Nortons ( Tividale ) Ltd of Tipton ( S3 ) ; Robert Dempster and Sons Ltd of Elland ( S3 and S4 ) ; Wrights Forge and Engineering Co Ltd of Dudley ( S4 ) ; John Booth and Sons ( Bolton ) Ltd of Bolton ( S5 ) ; Newton Chambers and Co Ltd of Thorncliffe , Sheffield ( S5 ) ; Head , Wrightson and Co Ltd of Stockton on Tees ( S6 ) ; Charles Roberts and Co Ltd of Wakefield ( S6 ) ; C and W Walker Ltd of Donnington , Wellington ( S7 ) ; William Neill and Sons Ltd of St Helens ( S7 and S8 ) ; and Orthostyle Ltd of Ashby , Scunthorpe ( S8 ) . The sections were too large to be transported to Thorne by rail , and were therefore moved by road , despite the width exceeding the maximum permissible width of for road vehicles at the time .
At the Throne yard , the sections were unloaded using a hand-operated gantry . When a complete set us sections was available , they were moved to the construction area , and placed on carefully placed keel blocks , which remained in position for the duration of the project . It proved easy to produce a hull in seven days , and Dunston 's created a second construction berth , allowing two ships per week to be launched . As experience was gained , a hull could be produced in five days , and some were completed in only four days . The ships were fitted with a two-cylinder steam engine powered by a vertical boiler and developing . These were supplied by eleven different manufacturers , and were fitted at Dunston 's Hessle yard . The first hull to be launched was towed from Thorne to Hessle , where the engine and boiler were fitted . In order to test its operation , a voyage back to Thorne was made , from where it towed the next hull to Hessle before final delivery . This process was then repeated for each subsequent vessel . The initial order was for twelve tugs , but as the concept proved successful , this was increased to 25 , then 50 and then 100 . All were ordered as coal burners , although ten of them were changed to use oil , for possible use in the Mediterranean and the Far East . A further batch of 50 oil burners were ordered , and finally a batch of 32 oil burners which were adapted for tropical service . Of this last batch , two were built at Thorne , seven at Hessle , and 23 were built by Wm Pickersgill and Sons Ltd at their Sunderland yard .
Other prefabricated designs
Following the success of building prefabricated TID tugs , a similar approach was used to construct a number of small coastal tankers . These were built in anticipation of the D–day invasion of France . The design process involved selecting a prototype ship , , and using it to create a straight-line design for a type of ship known as a Channel Tanker , which became known as a CHANT . After testing of a model in a tank , minor changes to the shape of the bow were made , and an aerofoil-shaped fin was added to the stern , similar to that used on the tugs . Apart from the fin , all of the plates used in the construction were flat or only rolled in a single direction , and none of the frames were bent . Individual sections were either or long , and no section exceeded 13 tons in weight . The sections were delivered to the shipyards by road , where they were welded together . To aid alignment , the seams were not welded for the final where they would butt onto an adjacent section .
The design included a double-skinned hull , to reduce the risk of leakage of petroleum spirit , as they were intended to land on flat beaches . Dunston 's yard at Hessle was one of five which manufactured a total of 43 CHANT tankers between February and July 1944 . They completed 12 , and although their original order was for 24 , the success of the D–day operation and the laying of pipelines to carry fuel from England to France , known as PLUTO , resulted in there being less need for tankers . Consequently the final 12 were redesigned to become dry cargo carriers , known as the 'Empire F ' class ,
A total of 25 prefabricated 'Empire F ' class coasters were built instead of CHANT tankers , 12 at Dunston 's yard at Hessle and 13 by Goole Shipbuilding and Engineering . They were made from 28 prefabricated sections , and the ship that was originally to have been CHANT 14 was to become 'Fabric 14 ' , but by the time of launch was known as Empire Fabric . All of the ships used the 'Empire ' prefix , and a name beginning with ' F ' . The CHANT and Empire F ships were built on slipways , where cranes were available , and so assembling the sections was more straightforward than for the tugs . The tankers were fitted with 220/270 hp oil engines , enabling them to travel at 7.5 knots , which was considered adequate for short journeys across the English Channel to French beaches . Slightly larger 300 hp engines were fitted in the dry cargo coasters , giving them a cruising speed of 8 knots .
During 1945 , Dunston 's built eleven prefabricated 'Shelt ' class coasters , which were similar to the 'Empire F ' class , but had shelter decks , as they were intended for use in the Far East . Another eleven 'Shelt ' coasters were constructed by Goole Shipbuilding and Repairing . Many were operated by Singapore Straits Steamship Company , later Straits Steamship Company , on behalf of the Ministry of War Transport . In 1946 they bought 16 of the vessels which they had been operating , and subsequently obtained two more .
Ships built
Records of the ships built before the 1930s are not comprehensive , but after 1932 , Dunston 's built 1358 vessels at the Thorne yard and 636 at Hessle .
Hessle
Sources : Ships Photos and Historic Ships Register
Thorne
Sources : Historic Ships Register and .
Bibliography
Footnotes
External links
Images of Thorne 11 November 2015
English shipbuilders
Companies based in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Companies established in 1858
Companies disestablished in 1994
Hessle
Defunct shipbuilding companies of the United Kingdom
Defunct companies based in Yorkshire
1858 establishments in England
The France national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of France and is controlled by the Finnish Motorcycling Federation . The team was withdrawn from 2005 Under-21 World Cup and was nevert started in Under-21 World Cup .
Competition
Riders
Riders who started in Individual Speedway Junior World Championship :
Jeremy Diraison ( 2007 )
Gabriel Dubernard ( 2009 )
Maxime Mazeau ( 2008 )
Théo Di Palma ( 2008 , 2009 )
Matthieu Tresarrieu ( 2007 )
See also
France national speedway team
France national under-19 speedway team
External links
( fr ) Fédération Française de Motocyclisme webside
National speedway teams
Speedway
Speedway
The war of the languages ( ; ) was a heated debate in Ottoman Palestine over the language of instruction in the country 's new Jewish schools . This `` language war '' was a cornerstone event in the history of the revival of the Hebrew language .
History
In 1913 , the German Jewish aid agency , which had maintained schools for Jewish immigrants in Palestine since 1905 , sought to establish German as the language of instruction at the first technical high school , the Technikum , in Haifa ( later , the Technion ) , which it was sponsoring . This sparked a public controversy between those who supported the use of German and those who believed that Hebrew should be the language spoken by the Jewish people in their homeland . The issue was not just ideological , because until then , Hebrew was primarily a liturgical language and lacked modern technical terms .
The Haifa City Museum produced an exhibit on the `` War of the Languages '' curated by Svetlana Reingold , in 2011 .
See also
Languages of Israel
Education in Israel
Culture of Israel
References
External links
War of the Languages
Jews and Judaism in Ottoman Palestine
Hebrew language
Linguistic controversies
History of the German language
Phyllichthys is a genus of soles native to the Western Pacific and Eastern Indian oceans .
Species
There are currently three recognized species in this genus :
Phyllichthys punctatus McCulloch , 1916 ( Spotted sole )
Phyllichthys sclerolepis ( W. J. Macleay , 1878 )
Phyllichthys sejunctus Whitley , 1935
References
Soleidae
Taxa named by Allan Riverstone McCulloch
Marine fish genera
The New Zealand Messenger Championship is a Group One event for standardbred pacing horses in New Zealand , run at Alexandra Park .
Race scheduling
In recent years the race has been held in late April or early May .
It was previously raced on the same race-night as the Rowe Cup and Northern Trotting Derby for trotters and the New Zealand Sires Stakes Championship .
The New Zealand Messenger Championship had traditionally been restricted to 4 year-old horses and was the most prestigious race for that age group in New Zealand , and a key guide to feature races in the following season like the New Zealand Trotting Cup and Auckland Cup . This is evidenced by New Zealand Messenger Championship winners and subsequent Cup victors such as Lazarus , Auckland Reactor , Monkey King , Mainland Banner , Elsu and Just An Excuse to name a few .
For the 2013 , 2014 and 2015 years 5 year olds were also eligible to compete in the race . However , from 2016 it reverted to 4 year olds only . However , in 2022 the New Zealand Messenger and it 's traditional lead up race , the Noel J Taylor Mile , were both opened up to older horses
Winners list
Other major races
Auckland Trotting Cup
New Zealand Trotting Cup
Great Northern Derby
Rowe Cup
Dominion Handicap
Noel J Taylor Mile
Inter Dominion Pacing Championship
Inter Dominion Trotting Championship
Miracle Mile Pace
See also
Harness racing in New Zealand
Harness racing
References
Harness racing in New Zealand
Horse races in New Zealand
Mells Manor at Mells , Somerset , England , was built in the 16th century for Edward Horner , altered in the 17th century , partially demolished around 1780 , and restored by Sir Edwin Lutyens in the 20th century . The house , along with the garden walls , has been designated as a Grade I listed building , and is closely associated with the adjacent Church of St Andrew . The gardens are listed , Grade I , on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens of special historic interest in England .
History
The building was originally much more extensive than its current appearance , including a north wing , with two thirds of the building being demolished around 1780 . It was then used as a farmhouse and subsequently as a school for boys undertaking holy orders .
Mells Manor was purportedly procured by Thomas Horner , who had been entrusted by Richard Whiting , the last Abbot of Glastonbury , who had concealed several deeds as a gift to King Henry VIII to curry their favour against nationalising the Church of England and seizing church lands . Prior to this , Horner found the deed for Mells Manor , which they kept for himself . This act is referenced in the popular nursery rhyme Little Jack Horner . An alternative and more likely explanation from Horner 's descendants is that the manor was bought from the King 's Commissioners in 1543 .
The house was visited by Charles I and their troops in 1644 .
In 1724 , Thomas Strangways Horner moved out of the manor house in the village and commissioned Nathaniel Ireson to build Park House within Mells Park .
The park is bordered by the Mells River . Many sites on the river and its tributaries , owned by the Horners were leased to James Fussell and their family to establish water-powered mills for the production of iron tools .
The house is a residence of the Earl of Oxford and Asquith .
See also
List of Grade I listed buildings in Mendip
References
External links
Mells Manor House , Frome , England at Parks & Gardens UK
Houses completed in the 16th century
Grade I listed buildings in Mendip District
Grade I listed houses in Somerset
Country houses in Somerset
Works of Edwin Lutyens in England
Grade I listed parks and gardens in Somerset
Gardens in Somerset
Mells , Somerset
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Renofa Yamaguchi FC .
Personal life
Tanaka is the brother of fellow footballer Hiromu Tanaka .
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Association football people from Gunma Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Association football midfielders
J1 League players
Vegalta Sendai players
J2 League players
Renofa Yamaguchi FC players
Sanskritism is a term used to indicate words that are coined out of Sanskrit for modern usage in India , in Sri Lanka and elsewhere or for neologisms . These terms are similar in nature to taxon terms coined from Latin and Greek .
References
Influence of Sanskritisms in Sinhala
Sanskrit
Neologisms
Word coinage
Owjiabad ( , also Romanized as Owjīābād ) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,050 , in 277 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Correntoso River is a river located in Villa La Angostura , Argentina . This river runs from Correntoso Lake to Nahuel Huapi Lake , standing out as one of the shortest rivers in the world , with between 200 and 300 m in length ( depending on the height of the lakes ) . This river is famous among the fishing enthusiasts , due to the abundance of large trout , especially at the mouth of Nahuel Huapi Lake .
See also
List of rivers of Argentina
References
Rivers of Neuquén Province
Nahuel Huapi National Park
Rivers of Argentina
Høgskavlnebbet Spur ( ) is a spur extending north from Høgskavlen Mountain in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land . It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition ( 1949–52 ) and named Høgskavlnebbet ( the high snowdrift spur ) .
References
Ridges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Mountain spurs
William H. Spurgeon , III ( 1916 - 1970 ) was a Southern California business person who worked to promote experientional learning through the Exploring program of the Boy Scouts of America . They were the grandson of William H. Spurgeon . In 1970 they received the Silver Buffalo Award for their contributions to Scouting .
Background
Born in Orange County , California , Surgeon was the grandson of William H. Spurgeon who founded the city of Santa Ana , California , and was on the county board of supervisors .
During World War II , Spurgeon served as a lieutenant with the Navy in the South Pacific . Following in the family business , Spurgeon went to work for the Irvine Company in the field of real estate development . In 1960 , Spurgeon , working with the Irvine Company , partnered with William Pereira to develop the site plan for the proposal to bring the new UC campus to the Irvine Ranch .
In 1939 they married Kathleen `` Kay '' Higgins , with whom they had three children . They remained married until their death in 1970 .
Having been a Boy Scout in their youth , Spurgeon 's avocation was Scouting . Around 1950 , while a board member of the Orange County Council of the Boy Scouts of America , Spurgeon arranged for the Irvine Company to offer part of the Irvine Ranch as the site for the 1953 National Scout Jamboree .
Spurgeon served on the National Executive Board of the Boy Scouts of America . Their passion was the Exploring Program , and they led efforts to to promote the co-ed program .
The William H. Spurgeon , III Award is the highest recognition for individuals and organizations contributing significant leadership to the Exploring Program .
Honors and awards
William H. Spurgeon III Award , is the highest recognition for individuals and organizations contributing significant leadership to the Exploring program .
1958 - Newport Beach Chamber of Commerce - Citizen of the Year Award
Further reading
References
External links
William H. Spurgeon
1916 births
1970 deaths
People from Orange County , California
20th-century American politicians
National Executive Board of the Boy Scouts of America members
Imma heppneri is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by John Frederick Gates Clarke in 1986 . It is found in French Polynesia .
References
Moths described in 1986
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
1978 Országos Bajnokság I ( men 's water polo ) was the 72nd water polo championship in Hungary . There were twelve teams who played two-round match for the title .
Final list
* M : Matches W : Win D : Drawn L : Lost G+ : Goals earned G- : Goals got P : Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső : Aranykor ( Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt. , Budapest , 2002 . )
1978 in water polo
1978 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Joan Tully ( née Hearman ; 9 September 1907 – 11 June 1973 ) was an Australian agricultural scientist and academic . They were one of the first female lecturers in agricultural science in Australia .
Life
Tully was born in Mortlake , Surrey , England , to Minnie ( née Merrifield ) and Walter Edgar Hearman . Them family emigrated to Western Australia when they were a child , settling in Donnybrook . Them younger brother , John Hearman , later became a state MP . Tully boarded at Presbyterian Ladies ' College , Perth , before going on to the University of Western Australia , where they completed a Bachelor of Science degree in 1932 . They then went to study in England , receiving their doctorate in horticulture from the University of London in 1936 . Upon returning to Australia , Tully joined the Forests Department of Western Australia as a research officer . However , their time there was short-lived , as in 1938 they went to Griffith , New South Wales , to work as a plant physiologist for the federal government 's Council for Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR ) .
Tully gave up their post with the CSIR in February 1945 , having married the previous year . They were widowed later in 1945 , and returned to work to help provide for their four step-children . For a short period , they were seconded to the federal Department of Agriculture , working on the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area ( MIA ) . In 1952 , Tully was awarded a Fulbright Scholarship , which they used to study at Cornell University , in Ithaca , New York . They returned to Australia in 1953 , and 1956 transferred to the CSIR 's Melbourne station . In 1957 , Tully was seconded to the Department of Psychology at the University of Melbourne , conducting research into farmers ' decision making with Oscar Oeser and Fred Emery . They moved to the university 's Department of Agriculture in 1959 , where they completed a research project on farmers in Rochester , Victoria .
In 1961 , Tully took up a position as a lecturer at the University of New England , in Armidale , New South Wales . The following year , they were appointed as a senior lecturer at the University of Queensland 's Department of Agriculture . Them teaching emphasised the links between agriculture and behavioural science . Tully was promoted to reader in 1971 , and the following year made a fellow of the Australian Institute of Agricultural Science . They died in Brisbane in 1973 , of a heart attack .
References
Smith , Ailie ( 2003 ) . `` Tully , Joan ( 1907–1973 ) '' . Encyclopedia of Australian Science .
1907 births
1973 deaths
Alumni of the University of London
Australian agriculturalists
Australian women academics
English emigrants to Australia
People educated at Presbyterian Ladies ' College , Perth
People from the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
University of Melbourne faculty
University of New England ( Australia ) faculty
University of Queensland faculty
University of Western Australia alumni
20th-century Australian women
Robert Bilott ( born August 2 , 1965 ) is an American environmental attorney from Cincinnati , Ohio . Bilott is known for the lawsuits against DuPont on behalf of plaintiffs from West Virginia .
Bilott has spent more than twenty years litigating hazardous dumping of the chemicals perfluorooctanoic acid ( PFOA ) and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid ( PFOS ) .
Early life
Bilott was born on August 2 , 1965 , in Albany , New York . Bilott 's father served in the United States Air Force , and Bilott spent their childhood on several air force bases . Because the family moved frequently , Bilott attended eight different schools before graduating from Fairborn High School in Fairborn , Ohio . They then earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and urban studies from the New College of Florida . They then earned a Juris Doctor from the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law in 1990 .
Career
Bilott was admitted to the bar in 1990 and began their law practice at Taft Stettinius & Hollister LLP in Cincinnati , Ohio For eight years they worked almost exclusively for large corporate clients and their specialty was defending chemical companies . They became a partner at the firm in 1998 .
Initial actions against DuPont
Bilott represented Wilbur Tennant of Parkersburg , West Virginia whose cattle were dying . The farm was downstream from a landfill where DuPont had been dumping hundreds of tons of perfluorooctanoic acid . In the summer of 1999 , Bilott filed a federal suit against DuPont in the United States District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia . In response , DuPont advised that DuPont and the United States Environmental Protection Agency would commission a study of the farmer 's property , conducted by three veterinarians chosen by DuPont and three chosen by the Environmental Protection Agency . When the report was released , it blamed the Tennants for the dying cattle claiming that poor husbandry was responsible : `` poor nutrition , inadequate veterinary care and lack of fly control . ''
After Bilott discovered that thousands of tons of DuPont 's PFOA had been dumped into the landfill next to the Tennants ' property and that DuPont 's PFOA was contaminating the surrounding community 's water supply , DuPont settled the Tennants ' case . In August 2001 , Bilott filed a class action lawsuit against DuPont on behalf of the approximately 70,000 people in West Virginia and Ohio with PFOA-contaminated drinking water , which was settled in September 2004 , with class benefits valued at over $ 300 million , including DuPont agreeing to install filtration plants in the six affected water districts and dozens of impacted private wells , a cash award of $ 70 million , and provisions for future medical monitoring to be paid by DuPont up to $ 235 million , if an independent science panel confirmed `` probable links '' between PFOA in the drinking water and human disease . After the independent scientific panel jointly selected by the parties ( but required under the settlement to be paid for by DuPont ) found that there was a probable link between drinking PFOA and kidney cancer , testicular cancer , thyroid disease , high cholesterol , pre-eclampsia , and ulcerative colitis , Bilott began opening individual personal-injury lawsuits against DuPont on behalf of affected users of the Ohio and West Virginia water supplies , which by 2015 numbered over 3,500 . After losing the first three for $ 19.7 million , in 2017 DuPont agreed to settle the remainder of the then-pending cases for $ 671.7 million . Dozens of additional cases filed after the 2017 settlement were settled in 2021 for an additional $ 83 million ( announced in conjunction with a $ 4 billion settlement between DuPont and its spin-off , Chemours , over PFAS liabilities ) , bringing the total settlement value in the personal injury cases for those exposed to PFOA in their drinking water to over $ 753 million .
Subsequent actions
In 2018 , Bilott filed a new case seeking new studies and testing of the larger group of PFAS chemicals on behalf of a proposed nationwide class of everyone in the United States who has PFAS chemicals in their blood , against several PFAS manufacturers , including 3M , DuPont , and Chemours . This new litigation is ongoing . In March of 2022 , the federal court overseeing the case certified the case to proceed as a class action on behalf of millions of people with PFAS in their blood .
Media notice
In 2016 , Bilott 's story was the focus of a featured cover story by Nathaniel Rich in the New York Times Magazine , entitled , `` The Lawyer Who Became DuPont 's Worst Nightmare . '' Rich 's story was later published in their book , `` Second Nature '' ( 2021 ) . Bilott 's work was also featured in extensive articles in The Huffington Post ( `` Welcome to Beautiful Parkersburg '' ) and The Intercept ( multi-part The Teflon Toxin series ) .
Robert Bilott is the author of the acclaimed memoir Exposure : Poisoned Water , Corporate Greed , and One Lawyer 's Twenty-Year Battle Against DuPont , published in 2019 by Atria Books . The audio book version is narrated by Jeremy Bobb with the first chapter narrated by Mark Ruffalo . Bilott 's story also became the basis for Dark Waters , a 2019 film starring Mark Ruffalo as Bilott , and Anne Hathaway as Bilott 's wife , Sarah Barlage . The story is also featured in the feature-length documentary The Devil We Know ; the Swedish documentary , The Toxic Compromise ; was the subject of the poem , Watershed by U.S . Poet Laureate Tracy K. Smith ; is the subject of the `` Toxic Waters '' episode of the multi-part feature documentary , Parched , which aired on the National Geographic TV channel in 2017 .
They are also the subject for the song and video `` Deep in the Water '' by The Gary Douglas Band , and the song `` Blank '' / `` Worker '' by emo revival band The World Is a Beautiful Place & I Am No Longer Afraid to Die . They also appear in Devil Put The Coal In The Ground , a 2022 documentary about the suffering and devastation brought on by the coal industry and its decline . Bilott also authored the foreword of the book Forever Chemicals Environmental , Economic , and Social Equity Concerns with PFAS in the Environment , published in 2021 by CRC Press .
Accolades
In 2017 , Bilott received the international Right Livelihood Award , also known as the `` Alternative Nobel Prize , '' for their decades of work on PFAS chemical contamination issues , and was featured on a stamp issued in Austria , commemorating the award .
In 2020 , Bilott was part of a “ Fight Forever Chemicals ” social media and outreach campaign that was a Winner in Entertainment and a Finalist in Global Campaign , Media Partnership for the social media Shorty Awards . “ Fight Forever Chemicals ” also received a Gold Distinction in Environment and Sustainability .
Bilott serves on the board of directors for Less Cancer , the board of trustees for Green Umbrella , and served on the alumni board for New College of Florida from 2018-2021 . In 2021 , Bilott received an Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree from New College of Florida and an Honorary Doctor of Science Degree from The Ohio State University 's Environmental Science Graduate Program .
They are also a fellow in the Right Livelihood College , an Honorary Professor at the National University of Cordoba in Argentina , and a lecturer at the Yale School of Public Health , Department of Environmental Health Sciences .
Awards and recognition
2005Trial Lawyer of the Year . Presented by The Trial Lawyers For Public Justice Foundation .
2006Super Lawyer Rising Star . Selected by Cincinnati Magazine .
2008100 Top Trial Lawyers from Ohio . Named by American Trial Lawyers Association .
2008Present Leading Lawyer Honoree . Name by Cincy Magazine Environmental Law .
2010Present Honoree , Environmental Law , Litigation . Named by Best Lawyers in America .
2011Present Top Local Plaintiff Litigation Star Honoree . Presented by Benchmark Plaintiff .
2014Clarence Darrow Award Honoree . Presented by Mass Tort Bar .
2016Giraffe Hero Commendation Honoree . Presented by Giraffe Heroes Project .
2016Joined the board of the Next Generation Choices Foundation ( a.k.a . Less Cancer ) `` to support its mission in championing education and policy that will help prevent cancer . ''
2017Present Class Action Honoree . Presented by Kentucky Super Lawyers .
2017Right Livelihood Award . Presented by The Right Livelihood Foundation ( December 1 , 2017 ) .
2017MVP for Class Action Honoree . Named by Law360 .
2019Lawyer of the Year in LitigationEnvironmental . Named by Best Lawyers .
2020Public Interest Environmental Law David Brower Lifetime Achievement Award .
2020Kentucky Bar Association Distinguished Lawyer Award .
2020Big Fish Award . Presented by Riverkeeper Fishermen 's Ball .
2020Consumer Safety Award . Presented by the Kentucky Justice Association .
2021Lawyer of the Year in LitigationEnvironmental . Named by Best Lawyers .
2021Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree from New College of Florida .
2022Lawyer of the Year in Environmental LawCincinnati . Named by Best Lawyers .
Personal life
In 1996 , Bilott married Sarah Barlage . They have three children , Teddy , Charlie and Tony .
See also
Dark Waters ( 2019 film )
The Devil We Know
References
External links
Exposure at simonandschuster.com
Exposure at kirkusreviews.com
Robert Bilott at osu.edu
Robert Bilott at theintercept.com
Living people
20th-century American lawyers
1965 births
Environmental lawyers
21st-century American lawyers
Ohio State University Moritz College of Law alumni
Lawyers from Albany , New York
Lawyers from Cincinnati
New College of Florida alumni
The Townsville & Districts Blackhawks are an Australian semi-professional rugby league football club based in Townsville , Queensland . They compete in Queensland 's top rugby league competition , the Queensland Cup . The club was admitted to the Queensland Cup in September 2014 , first competing in the 2015 season . The side plays their home games at Jack Manski Oval .
History
The beginnings of a Townsville team 's bid to return to the Queensland Cup date back to 2007 , when the Townsville-based North Queensland Young Guns folded at the end of the season . Before the Young Guns entered the competition in 2002 , Townsville was represented in the Queensland Cup by the Townsville Stingers , who only lasted one season in 1998 . In 2008 , the Queensland Cup expanded to Cairns with the Northern Pride and Mackay with the Mackay Cutters . Both clubs became feeder sides for the Townsville-based NRL club , the North Queensland Cowboys .
In 2012 , the Townsville Brothers League club sent a letter to Townsville & Districts Rugby League ( TDRL ) chairperson Ross Anderson outlining their interest in joining the Queensland Cup .
On 10 September 2014 , Queensland Rugby League chairperson Peter Betros announced that the Brothers-led Townsville Blackhawks bid had been successful and the side would compete in the 2015 competition . The club will be backed by the North Queensland Cowboys , who will use the Blackhawks as one of their feeder sides , along with the Pride and the Cutters .
On 29 September 2014 , former North Queensland Cowboys Under 20s head coach and Brisbane Broncos assistant coach Kristian Woolf was announced as the inaugural head coach of the Blackhawks .
On 16 October 2014 , the Blackhawks announced their first six signings for their inaugural season . They included former NRL players Tom Humble , Anthony Mitchell and Ricky Thorby , former North Queensland Cowboys Under 20s players Corey Jensen and Chris McLean , and United States international Taylor Welch .
On 28 February 2015 , Daniel Beasley was named inaugural club captain at the team 's season launch .
On 7 March 2015 , the Blackhawks played their first Queensland Cup game , defeating the Mackay Cutters 30-16 at Jack Manski Oval . Jahrome Hughes scored the club 's first try .
The Blackhawks finished their inaugural season as minor premiers and runners-up in the Grand Final , losing to the Ipswich Jets .
On 9 November 2015 , it was announced that Townsville 's Cyril Connell ( under-16 ) and Mal Meninga ( under-18 ) Cup sides , formerly known as the Townsville Stingers , will now be known as the Townsville & Districts Blackhawks in their respective competitions .
On 28 September 2018 , Aaron Payne was announced as the club 's second head coach , after inaugural coach Kristian Woolf joined the Newcastle Knights NRL side as an assistant coach .
Season summaries
Players
2022 squad
Coaches
The Blackhawks ' current coach , Aaron Payne , is their second in club history . Kristian Woolf is their longest serving coach .
Emblems and colours
Despite being backed by the Townsville Brothers League Club , the bid team adopted a new name , logo and colour scheme for the club . The Blackhawks moniker was chosen after Matt Cocker , a local firefighter at Townsville Airport , won a `` name the team '' competition in 2012 . The city of Townsville has a military history and is home to an RAAF Base . The club 's primary colours are green , black and white and their major sponsor is Mendi Construction , who are based in Townsville .
Honours
Runners-Up : 1
2015
Minor Premiership : 1
2015
Statistics and Records
Biggest Wins
Biggest Losses
Most Consecutive Wins
8 , 9 June 2019 – 10 August 2019
8 , 22 March 2015 – 17 May 2015
Most Consecutive Losses
4 , 10 April 2021 – 9 May 2021
3 , 4 August 2018 – 18 August 2018
3 , 17 March 2018 – 31 March 2018
3 , 12 August 2017 – 3 September 2017
Most Games for Club
84 , Kyle Laybutt ( 2016-2017 , 2019-2022 )
79 , Corey Jensen ( 2015–2019 , 2021 )
75 , Michael Parker-Walshe ( 2015–2017 , 2019 )
72 , Anthony Mitchell ( 2015–2017 )
70 , Sione Lousi ( 2017-2021 )
Most Tries for Club
70 , Jonathon Reuben ( 2015–2018 )
53 , Kalifa Faifai Loa ( 2018–2022 )
42 , Zac Santo ( 2015 , 2018–2019 )
36 , Michael Parker-Walshe ( 2015–2017 , 2019 )
35 , Jaelen Feeney ( 2018-2022 )
Most tries in a match
4 , Jonathon Reuben against CQ Capras at Jack Manski Oval ( 21 May 2017 )
4 , Rhyse Martin against CQ Capras at Jack Manski Oval ( 28 March 2015 )
Most Goals in a Match
10 , Shaun Nona against Souths Logan Magpies at Jack Manski Oval ( 9 July 2022 )
10 , Carlin Anderson against Mackay Cutters at Jack Manski Oval ( 18 March 2017 )
Most Points in a Match
28 , ( 2 tries , 10 goals ) , Carlin Anderson against Mackay Cutters at Jack Manski Oval ( 18 March 2017 )
Most Tries in a Season
31 , Zac Santo in 2015
Most Points in a Season
220 ( 20 tries , 70 goals ) , Carlin Anderson in 2017
Sponsors
Mendi Constructions ( Major )
Phoenix Constructions
QDP Trenchless
Parry NQ
Allara Learning
KFC
Bartercard
The Lancini Group
VCV Townsville
Power100
Townsville Bulletin
Brothers Leagues Club
Kirwan Sports Club
See also
National Rugby League reserves affiliations
North Queensland Cowboys
North Queensland Young Guns
References
External links
Blackhawks Official Website
Rugby clubs established in 2014
Sport in Townsville
Rugby league teams in Queensland
2014 establishments in Australia
Mikko Johannes Halvari ( born March 4 , 1983 in Porvoo ) is a Finnish decathlete . They won a bronze medal for their category at the 2002 IAAF World Junior Championships in Kingston , Jamaica , with a solid score of 7,587 points . They are also a full-time member of Tuusulanjärven Urheilijat , a local track and field club in Tuusula , and is coached and trained by Jussi Välimäki .
At age twenty-five , Halvari made their official debut for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where they competed in men 's decathlon . During the event , they set a personal best of 1.93 metres in the high jump ; however , they failed to clear a height in the pole vault , which cost them a chance for a medal . In the end , Halvari finished only in twenty-sixth place , with a total score of 6,486 points .
Personal bests
References
External links
Profile – Suomen Olympiakomitea
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Finnish decathletes
Living people
Olympic athletes of Finland
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People from Porvoo
1983 births
Sportspeople from Uusimaa
Prince Edward Taw Phaya ( ; also known as Tun Aung , 22 March 1924 – 12 January 2019 ) was the Pretender to the Throne of Burma ( abolished in 1885 ) . They were the second son of Princess Myat Phaya Galay , the fourth daughter of King Thibaw and Queen Supayalat . Upon the death of their aunt Myat Phaya Lat in 1956 , they became the Head of the Royal House of Konbaung .
Biography
Taw Phaya was born on 22 March 1924 in Maymyo , British Burma to Ko Ko Naing , a former monk , and Princess Myat Phaya Galay who was the fourth daughter of King Thibaw and Queen Supayalat .
They attended high school at St. Patrick 's High School Moulmein and St. Paul 's School in Rangoon . They worked as director of Thibaw Commercial Syndicate ( TCS ) Co. Ltd from 1951 to 1962 . They were also Vice President of Association for Buddhism as the National Religion in 1958 .
On 4 May 1944 , they married their first cousin , Princess Phaya Rita . They were the daughter of Prince Kodawgyi Naing and Princess Myat Phaya , who was the third daughter of Burma 's last king , Thibaw Min and the sister of their mother .
Taw Phaya family was not involved in politics , but supported the military caretaker government 's anti-communist mission in 1959 . The military officials focused on the Taw Phaya family to be used in the operation and invited them to come to Shwebo , which was the beginning of the Konbaung dynasty . After seeing local women spreading their hair to welcome the Taw Phaya family , the Tatmadaw thought it could compete with them for power . As a result , the military later ignored the royal family .
Documentary film
In 2017 , Taw Phaya and their elder sister Hteik Su Phaya Gyi , nephew Soe Win , niece Devi Thant Sin appeared as the main characters of We Were Kings , a documentary film by Alex Bescoby and Max Jones . The film premiered in Mandalay on 4 November 2017 at the Irrawaddy Literary Festival and also screened in Thailand at the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of Thailand . The film is about Myanmar 's history , but also about the descendants of the last kings of Burma who lived unassuming lives in modern Myanmar , unrecognized and unknown .
Death
Taw Phaya died on 12 January 2019 at their Pyin Oo Lwin Residence . After their death , their eldest son , Richard Taw Phaya is presumed to be the Head of the Royal House of Konbaung , although no confirmation has been made since .
Family
Taw Phaya had five sons and two daughters :
Richard Taw Phaya Myat Gyi ( born 14 May 1945 ) , They married two times , they first married at Rangoon in May 1962 to Hteik Su Margaret Phaya Htwe ( b. at Rangoon , 20 August 1927 ; d. from a brain haemorrhage , at Maymyo , 21st June , 2003 ) , their paternal aunt , younger daughter of U Ko Ko Naing , by their wife , H.R.H . Princess ( Ashin Hteik Suhpaya ) Mayat Phaya Galay . m. ( second ) at Rangoon , 1993 , Myint Myint Aye . They had issue , one son by their first wife :
Maung Aung Khine ( b . 1962 )
David Taw Phaya Myat ( born 1 April 1947 ) .
Edward Taw Phaya Myat Nge ( born 27 April 1948 - died 14 November 1955 ) .
Joseph Taw Phaya Myat Aye ( born 19 March 1950 ) .
Paul Taw Phaya Myat Thaike ( born 19 February 1954 ) .
Ann-Marie Su Phaya Lay ( born 10 September 1952 ) .
Rose-Marie Su Phaya Naing ( born 21 April 1956 ) .
Ancestry
References
External links
A rare meeting with the last of Burma 's royals
1924 births
2019 deaths
Konbaung dynasty
People from Mandalay Region
Pretenders to the Burmese throne
Burmese people of World War II
Madge Stewart is a former Jamaican woman cricketer . Madge Stewart made their international debut for Jamaica in 1973 at the 1973 Women 's Cricket World Cup . In a match as a part of the 1973 Women 's Cricket World Cup , they delivered a memorable spell of 4/9 against Young England women 's cricket team which helped Jamaica to win that match by 23 runs .
Them international career was halted in 1973 with playing for Jamaica in 4 WODIs .
References
External links
Living people
Jamaican women cricketers
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Thaddeus H. Stanton ( 1835–1900 ) , was Paymaster-General of the United States Army 1895–1899 . Stevens began their active life as a Republican newspaperman and politician in Iowa . During the Civil War they joined the Union Army , serving as Paymaster . After the war , they transferred to the Regular Army , serving in the Paymaster Department . During the Big Horn Expedition 1876 , they served in the field , receiving a brevet promotion for bravery .
Early life
Stanton was born in Liberty , Indiana , and moved to Mount Pleasant , Iowa in 1851 . In Mount Pleasant they became the editor of an antislavery paper . Later moving to Washington , Iowa , Stanton edited the Republican Washington Press . At the beginning of the Civil War they enlisted and served for three months . Returning to Iowa , Stanton was elected as a Republican to the State House of Representatives for the period 1862–1864 .
Civil War
During their three months enlistment , Stanton served as a Private in the 3rd District of Columbia Infantry Battalion . When returning to military service , it was as Captain in the 19th Iowa Volunteer Infantry Regiment from August 1862 . Stanton did not stay long in the infantry , becoming an Additional Paymaster in the Volunteer Army in October the same year . Their service as Paymaster lasted until April 1867 , when they transferred to the Regular Army .
Regular Army
In the regular army , Stanton served as Major , Paymaster from 1867 to 1890 , when they were promoted to Lieutenant Colonel , Deputy Paymaster General . Further promotions were to Colonel , Assistant Paymaster General , 1893 and Brigadier General , Paymaster General in 1895 .
In spite of serving in the Paymaster Department , Stanton acted as representative of General Sheridan , the Commanding General of the Military Division of the Missouri , in the field during the Big Horn Expedition 1876 , serving as Chief of Scouts , and also , on General Crook 's behest , as a reporter for the New-York Tribune . They received a brevet promotion for gallantry at the Battle of Powder River , and later commanded the citizens who joined Crook , but did not thereafter serve at the frontier .
Death
Thaddeus Harlan Stanton died in Omaha on January 23 , 1900 , and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery .
References
Paymaster-General of the United States Army
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
1835 births
1900 deaths
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
19th-century American politicians
This is a list of candidates for the 1917 New South Wales state election . The election was held on 24 March 1917 .
During the previous parliament , the Labor Party had split over the conscription issue , with Premier William Holman leading many members into the new Nationalist Party , a merger of the pro-conscriptionist Labor members and the Liberal Party . Seats held by the ex-Labor Nationalists are shown as being Labor-held .
Retiring Members
Labor
Ernest Durack MLA ( Bathurst )
Nationalist
Henry Hoyle MLA ( Surry Hills ) — elected as Labor
James Mercer ( Rozelle ) — elected as Labor
Charles Wade MLA ( Gordon )
Legislative Assembly
Sitting members are shown in bold text . Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour . Where there is possible confusion , an asterisk ( * ) is also used .
See also
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly , 1917–1920
References
1917
Brian A. Metcalf is an American filmmaker . They wrote , directed and produced the Lionsgate crime thriller film Adverse , released in February 2021 .
Biography
Metcalf directed the micro-budgeted drama/thriller The Lost Tree . The premiere was held at the TCL Chinese Theatre before a limited theatrical release in 2012 .
Metcalf wrote , directed and produced Living Among Us which stars John Heard ( in their final performance ) , William Sadler , James Russo , Esme Bianco , Andrew Keegan and Thomas Ian Nicholas . The film was distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment and given a limited theatrical release in 2017 . The film was panned by critics , carrying a 14 % rating at Rotten Tomatoes .
Metcalf designed the poster for the Syrian documentary Little Gandhi , and won the Murray Weissman Award for it .
Metcalf created , funded and directed the drama/thriller film Adverse , with a cast including Mickey Rourke , Lou Diamond Phillips , Sean Astin , Penelope Ann Miller , Matt Ryan , Jake T. Austin , Thomas Ian Nicholas , Andrew Keegan and Shelley Regner . Adverse premiered at Fantasporto Film Festival in Portugal . Metcalf won a Platinum Remi Award for directing Adverse at the 2020 WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival . They also won an Award of Excellence Special Mention from IndieFEST for their work on Adverse . Both Deadline Hollywood and Variety announced that Lionsgate 's Grindstone Entertainment would be distributing the film . It opened in theaters on February 12 , 2021 .
After working together on Adverse , Variety announced a new collaboration between Rourke and Metcalf titled Twilight Into Darkness in which both of them would produce and Metcalf would direct .
Filmography
References
External links
American film directors
American film directors of Korean descent
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Polytminae is one of the six subfamilies of the hummingbird family Trochilidae . The subfamily contains 12 genera with a total of 29 species .
The informal name `` mangoes '' has been proposed for this group as the seven species in the largest genus , Anthracothorax , include `` mango '' in their common name .
Taxonomy
A molecular phylogenetic study of the hummingbirds published in 2007 found that the family consisted of nine clades . When Edward Dickinson and James Van Remsen , Jr. updated the Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World for the 4th edition in 2013 they divided the nine clades into six subfamilies and proposed using the Latin name Polytminae for the `` mango '' clade , a name that had been introduced by Ludwig Reichenbach in 1849 .
The existence of this clade was not anticipated by pre-molecular studies but a common feature is the presence of serrations on the cutting edge of the bill . An extreme example is the tooth-billed hummingbird ( Androdon aequatorialis ) .
Molecular phylogenetic studies by Jimmy McGuire and collaborators published between 2007 and 2014 determined the relationships between the major groups of hummingbirds . In the cladogram below the English names are those introduced in 1997 . The Latin names are those proposed by Dickinson and Remsen in 2013 .
The phylogenetic relationships between the genera in the subfamily Polytminae as determined in the 2014 study are shown below . The genus Eulampis was found to be nested within Anthracothorax making Anthracothorax paraphyletic . No species from the genus Augastes was sampled in the molecular studies but based on a comparison of plumage features and bill shapes it is believed that Augastes is closely related to Schistes .
Taxonomic list
The subfamily includes the following twelve genera :
References
Sources
Bird subfamilies
Sher Muhammad Baloch is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013 .
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-258 ( Karachi-XX ) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) in 2002 Pakistani general election . They received 38,225 votes and defeated Abdul Hakeem Baloch .
They were re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-258 ( Karachi-XX ) as a candidate of PPP in 2008 Pakistani general election . They received 134,696 votes and defeated Nisar Ahmed Shar , a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement ( MQM ) .
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Abraham S. Kay ( 1899–1963 ) was a Zionist from Russia , known for being a founder and member of the Kay Construction Company in the District of Columbia and Maryland area as well as being a philanthropic contributor to the Jewish community .
Biography
Born to Jewish family , Kay moved to the United States from Vilnius at the age of 10 . At the age of 12 they dropped out of Washington Elementary School on July 4 , 1909 and began working at a grocery store due to a tough financial situation at home . A few years later , they managed to save up enough money to purchase their own grocery store . After returning home from being a sergeant in World War I , Kay married their wife , Minnie , and founded the District Grocery Society renamed District Grocery Stores ( DGS ) in 1928 . Thanks to the money made from the grocery organization , in the 1930s Kay bought land in the Silver Spring area in Maryland , thus leading the way to forming the Kay Construction Company in 1936 . For the first time , they made it possible for Jews to join the Indian Spring Golf and Country Club in 1939 , though African-Americans and other non-white minorities were still excluded from membership until the mid-1960s . Prior to the passage of the 1968 Fair Housing Act and before their death in 1963 , Kay used racially restrictive covenants to exclude African Americans and other racial minorities from neighborhoods they helped develop .
Kay has earned much recognition for being involved in other groups such as being chairperson for the team that purchased . This was the ship that tried to bring Jewish immigrants to Palestine in 1947 . They also supported a rehabilitation center at Nahariya for disabled Israeli military veterans . It is funded by the Abe S. Kay Foundation , Inc. which they were president of . Just a month before they died , Kay donated 350,000 dollars to the American University to build the Kay Spiritual Life Center , forming the first interfaith chapel on its campus .
In 1963 , Kay died of a heart attack at Washington Hospital Center while living in Bethesda , Maryland . They and their wife Minnie had two children , Jack Kay and Sylvia Kay Greenberg .
Organizations and achievements
General chairperson of the United Jewish Appeal of Greater Washington
Honorary chairperson of the Washington Committee for Israel bonds
Helped with the revamping of the Israel Embassy in Washington
Honored in 1956 by the Washington Jewish community as `` Man of the Year . ''
High tribute was paid by Israel Premier Ben-Gurion and Ambassador Abba Eban
Served as president of the Abe S. Kay Foundation , Inc .
References
1899 births
1963 deaths
Activists from Maryland
Activists from Washington , D.C .
American grocers
American people of Lithuanian-Jewish descent
American real estate businesspeople
American Zionists
Businesspeople from Maryland
Businesspeople from Washington , D.C .
History of racism in Maryland
Jewish American philanthropists
Jews and Judaism in Montgomery County , Maryland
Opposition to antisemitism in the United States
20th-century American philanthropists
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American Jews
Road Rash : Jailbreak is a racing video game developed by EA Redwood Shores for the PlayStation version and Magic Pockets for the Game Boy Advance version and published by Electronic Arts for PlayStation in 2000 and for Game Boy Advance in 2003 . It is the sixth and final game in the Road Rash series .
Gameplay
The game plays similarly to previous games developed in the Road Rash series , which involves the player racing their motorcycle against other motorcyclists . Gameplay favors an arcade-like style , with little emphasis on realism . While racing , the player has the option of punching , or using weapons to attack other opponents , to slow down their progress . The ultimate goal is to place first in the race in order to earn points to upgrade the player 's weapon and nitro . Conversely , the worst quote is to finish last , which does n't earn points , or be stopped by police officers , where the player actually loses points . Despite sharing many characteristics with past games in the series , Road Rash Jailbreak puts a stronger emphasis on the racing aspect of the game , and less on combat .
The individual courses for the game are pieced together from a larger system of interconnected grids of roads . Courses may overlap common segments of other tracks , but often have different start or end points , or have the player turning down alternate routes . The modes on Road Rash Jailbreak are : Jailbreak , Five-O , Time Trial , Cops and Robbers , Skull-to-skull , and Sidecar mode .
Reception
The Game Boy Advance version of Road Rash : Jailbreak received `` average '' reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic . Game Informer gave it an unfavorable review , over a month before it was released . Doug Trueman of NextGen said in their bottom line that the first Road Rash was still better than the PlayStation version .
References
External links
2000 video games
Cancelled GameCube games
Electronic Arts games
Game Boy Advance games
Magic Pockets games
Motorcycle video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
PlayStation ( console ) games
Racing video games
Road Rash
Split-screen multiplayer games
Vehicular combat games
Video game sequels
Video games about police officers
Video games set in prison
Video games developed in the United States
Jugal Kishore Choudhury ( b . 1918 in Goalpara , Assam ) was an Indian architect and urban planner known for their concrete architectural designs .
Biography
They studied at the Sir J. J . School of Art in Bombay . They then continued their studies in England at London University . After that they moved to the United States and worked in New York for renowned architect Antonin Raymond .
They were associated with renowned architects like Le Corbusier and Pierre Jeanneret during they worked in Chandigarh .
They designed the Punjab Engineering College main campus buildings in the 1950 's and the IIT Delhi main building and Department of Mathematics auditorium in the 1960 's .
Awards and honours
The Government of India awarded the fourth highest Indian civilian honour of Padma Shri in 1977 . They are a recipient of the Baburao Mhatre Gold Medal from the Indian Institute of Architects , which they received in 1994 . Dalmia Cements , a part of Dalmia Group , has established a forum , Padmashree Jugal Kishore Chowdhury Forum of Excellence , in association with the Jugal Kishore Chowdhury Charitable and Educational Trust and Association of Architects Assam ( AAA ) . The forum has instituted an annual award in Choudhury 's name , JKC Award of Excellence for recognizing excellence in architecture .
See also
Mahendra Raj
Kuldip Singh ( architect )
Shiv Nath Prasad
References
External links
Recipients of the Padma Shri in science & engineering
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Artists from Assam
Living people
Indian urban planners
20th-century Indian architects
Brutalist architects
In 2000 the British Canoe Union ( BCU ) federalised to become the umbrella organisation for the Home Nation Associations in Scotland ( Scottish Canoe Association - SCA ) , Wales ( Canoe Wales ) and Northern Ireland ( Canoe Association of Northern Ireland - CANI ) .
In England , Canoe England was set up similarly to the other National Associations , as a division of the BCU , to support the development of canoeing specifically in England .
In 2014 the British Canoe Union was renamed as British Canoeing .
External links
BCU Official Website Archived from the original on 2015-10-16
Canoe England website Archived from the original on 2016-05-02
Canoe Foundation - Official Charity Partner of the BCU and Home Nation Associations
Scottish Canoe Association
Canoe Wales
Canoe Association of Northern Ireland
GB Canoeing
International Canoe Federation
Sports governing bodies in England
Canoe organizations
2000 establishments in England
Sports organizations established in 2000
Canoeing in the United Kingdom
Canoeing in England
The puna tapaculo ( Scytalopus simonsi ) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae . It is found in Bolivia and Peru .
Taxonomy and systematics
What is now known as the puna tapaculo was originally described as a species in 1917 . It was later treated as synonymous with Tschudi 's tapaculo ( Scytalopus acutirostris ) . Still later it was treated as Scytalopus magellanicus simonsi , a subspecies of Magellanic tapaculo . Following a study published in 1997 , it was elevated to species rank because of differences in their vocalizations . Its English name honors American scientific collector Perry O. Simons .
Description
The puna tapaculo is long . Three males weighed and a female . The adult male 's upper parts are gray , often washed with brown on the neck and back . It has a narrow pale supercilium . The throat and breast are also gray . The rump , flanks , and belly can be cinnamon or olive-buff and have dark bars . The adult female is similar to the males that have the brown wash ; otherwise they may be paler . Immatures are paler overall but have a heavier brown wash on the upper parts . The entire underside is barred .
Distribution and habitat
The puna tapaculo is found on the eastern slope of the Andes at elevations of from Cordillera Vilcanota in Peru 's Department of Cuzco southeast to Bolivia 's Cochabamba Department . It inhabits elfin forest at tree line and above there is in small shrubs and trees among grass tussocks . It can also be found in Polylepis woodlands .
Behavior
Feeding
Though very little is known about the puna tapaculo 's diet , the species is probably insectivorous though seeds are also eaten .
Breeding
Very little is also known about the puna tapaculo 's breeding phenology . One nest has been described ; it was a cup lined with grass , placed at the end of a burrow approximately deep . It had a dome of loosely woven grass over it and contained two eggs . After hatching , both adults provisioned the nestlings .
Vocalization
The song of the puna tapaculo was described by D.L . Lane as `` a series of descending churred phrases : tcherr tcherr tcherr tcherr .... '' . Lane described a call as `` a descending whinny : djee-ee-ee-eer '' .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the puna tapaculo as being of The Least Concern . Though it has a restricted range and its population has not been quantified , `` In the short term , the puna tapaculo is little affected by human activity '' .
References
puna tapaculo
Birds of the Puna grassland
puna tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Frederick Joseph Tauby ( born Fred Joseph Taubensee from March 27 , 1906 – November 23 , 1955 ) , was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played in and with the Chicago White Sox and the Philadelphia Phillies . They batted and threw right-handed . Tauby had a .077 career batting average , with four hits in 54 at-bats .
Tauby was born in Canton , Ohio and died in Concord , CA .
External links
1906 births
1955 deaths
Chicago White Sox players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Baseball players from Ohio
Major League Baseball outfielders
Terre Haute Tots players
Durham Bulls players
Evansville Hubs players
Beaumont Exporters players
San Antonio Missions players
Fort Worth Cats players
Dallas Steers players
Little Rock Travelers players
Baltimore Orioles ( IL ) players
Birmingham Barons players
Oakland Oaks ( baseball ) players
The 2012 ASP World Championship Tour was a professional competitive surfing league run by the Association of Surfing Professionals . Men and women competed in separate tours with events taking place from late February to mid-December , at various surfing locations around the world .
Surfers received points for their best events . The surfer with the most points at the end of the tour was announced the 2012 ASP World Tour Champion .
ASP World Championship Tour
Event Schedule
Source
Final Standings
Source
ASP Women 's World Championship Tour
Event Schedule
Source
Final standings
Source
External links
Official Site
World Surf League
ASP World Tour
Thomas Vicari ( born August 24 , 1948 ) is an American recording engineer , mixing engineer , record producer and scoring mixer known for their work with Quincy Jones , Gino Vannelli , Nicholas Britell , Thomas Newman , Prince , George Duke and Barbra Streisand . They were the sound mixer for TV shows and films including Six Feet Under , The Newsroom , Behind the Candelabra , Phantom of the Paradise , Finding Nemo , Finding Dory , Wall-E and Road to Perdition .
They have been the sound mixer for the Oscars telecast since 1996 , commissioned by that year 's executive producer , Quincy Jones . Vicari has won two Grammy Awards , eight Emmy Awards and two Cinema Audio Society Awards .
Early life
Vicari grew up in Southern California . Their mother was a singer and their uncles were musicians , exposing them to artists like Frank Sinatra and Nat King Cole from an early age . During their teenage years , they were drawn by artists of the British Invasion , especially The Beatles .
Career
Vicari started their career at Capitol Records in the early 1970s . After completing a three-month engineering apprenticeship program at A & M Studios , they became assistant engineer and later recording engineer . During their time at A & M , Vicari recorded artists including Barbra Streisand , Cat Stevens and Joni Mitchell .
After four years at A & M , Vicari became staff engineer at Sound Labs . In 1976 , they became an independent engineer , recording at different locations including Conway Recording Studios , Record Plant and Lion Share Recording Studios . Vicari was executive producer and recording engineer on Prince 's 1978 debut album For You , recorded at Record Plant in Sausalito , California .
Vicari worked on film since the early stages of their career . In 1971 , they were credited as part of the sound department on Joe Cocker 's concert film Mad Dogs & Englishmen . They were scoring mixer on the 1974 film Phantom of the Paradise directed by Brian De Palma and the 1976 film A Star Is Born directed by Frank Pierson .
In 1996 , they were commissioned by Quincy Jones , executive producer of the 68th Academy Awards , to mix the sound for the telecast . Vicari continues to mix the live orchestra at the Academy Awards ceremony to this day .
After mixing the 68th Academy Awards , Vicari mixed a track composed by Thomas Newman for the 1998 film Meet Joe Black , directed by Martin Brest . The track was ultimately not used in the film . In 2001 , Vicari mixed the main theme for the TV series Six Feet Under , also composed by Newman . Vicari continued working with Newman on films including Cinderella Man , Jarhead , Wall-E and Bridge of Spies .
In March 2005 , Vicari founded their own production company , Vicari Sound Organization ( VSO ) . The 2019 album Almost Midnight by Italian artist Filippo Perbellini was produced by Vicari for VSO and features Abraham Laboriel on bass , Steve Ferrone on drums , Luis Conte on percussion .
A significant part of Vicari 's career has been dedicated to working with Italian artists including Laura Pausini , Eros Ramazzotti , Pino Daniele , Umberto Tozzi , Raf and Giorgia . They are credited on the albums Dove c ' è musica by Eros Ramazzotti and La mia risposta by Laura Pausini , both of which reached number 1 on the Italian Albums Chart and on `` Tutto Tozzi '' by Umberto Tozzi which was gold certified by the Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana .
Awards
Grammy Awards
Emmy Awards
Cinema Audio Society Awards
Online Film & Television Association Awards
References
Living people
people from Erie , Pennsylvania
Grammy Award winners
American audio engineers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Black Jack was a Chilean rock band that formed in Los Ángeles in 2005 . Originally known as The Fire , the group was formed by Diego Stegmeier ( vocals and drums ) , Raúl Guarda ( guitar ) and Sebastian Villagra ( bass guitar ) . A few months later , Villagra left the band and was replaced by Franco Aravena . Aravena went on to play rhythm guitar , and later Rodrigo Pacheco , the new bassist , joined .
Between 2008 and 2009 , the band recorded two singles called `` Dejar de Pensar '' and `` Escuchar '' . In 2010 , Guarda left the group to pursue their studies in dentistry , and was replaced by Felipe Gutierrez . That same year they recorded their third single `` Realidad '' with Gutierrez . The band was tight in 2010 and until today have not done any meeting . In 2012 , Stegmeier released their first solo album , entitled Fuera de Foco , which has had very good reception . Then in 2013 Stegmeier launched on September 1 a new solo album called Viento , and this album contains 10 demos recorded in Santiago , Chile . In addition to their solo career is performing many musical projects .
Musical style
Influences
Black Jack shows and defines their sound as `` very influenced '' . Among these influences are clearly The Beatles , Oasis , The Strokes , Radiohead and Aerosmith .
Other bands that influence Black Jack are Red Hot Chili Peppers and Soda Stereo .
Discography
Dejar de Pensar ( 2008 )
Escuchar ( 2009 )
Realidad ( 2010 )
Members
Diego Stegmeier – lead vocals , drums ( 2005–2010 )
Felipe Gutierrez – guitars , piano ( 2009–2010 )
Franco Aravena – guitars , keyboards , bass . ( 2006–2010 )
Rodrigo Pacheco – bass , keyboards , harmonica , guitar ( 2007–2010 )
Past members
Raúl Guarda – guitar , bass ( 2005–2009 )
Sebastian Villagra – bass ( 2005–2006 )
Notes
External links
Black Jack on Myspace
Chilean alternative rock groups
Musical groups established in 2005
Arun Rath is an American radio producer and broadcast journalist .
Biography
Rath began their journalism career as an intern at NPR 's Talk of the Nation while they were enrolled in an English Literature master 's program in Washington , DC . After the internship ended , they were hired on as a temporary employee and eventually became the show 's director . They became the senior producer of NPR 's On the Media in 2000 , where their team tripled the audience , started one of NPR 's first podcasts , and won a Peabody Award . In 2005 , they became the senior editor of Public Radio International 's Studio 360 . Later that year , Rath jumped to television as a correspondent and producer for Frontline , where they focused on military justice and national security issues . Some of their major stories focused on WikiLeaks , the Guantanamo military commission , and the Haditha killings . They also became a regular correspondent for PBS 's Sound Tracks : Music Without Borders . In September 2013 , Rath was hired as the host of the weekend edition of All Things Considered , coinciding with its move to NPR 's West Coast bureau in Culver City . Rath replaced Guy Raz , becoming the first Indian-American to host an NPR news-magazine . They have stated that they hope to do more of their own reporting from the field , and to strengthen NPR 's presence on the West Coast .
In October 2015 , Michel Martin replaced Rath as the host of the weekend edition of All Things Considered . NPR Media Relations Director Isabel Lara said Rath `` will be moving back to Boston '' but did not elaborate . Rath joined WGBH Boston , and continued to report for NPR .
On February 21 , 2017 , the PBS network 's documentary series Frontline broadcast an episode Rath produced , entitled `` Out of Gitmo '' . The first 40 minutes of the episode focused on Mansur al-Dayfi , a former Guantanamo captive released to Serbia in July 2016 . Rath traveled to Serbia for a stay to allow them to profile al-Dayfi , in depth . The attention they paid to al-Dayfi triggered increased scrutiny from Serbian security officials .
References
External links
NPR Biography
GBH Biography
Year of birth missing ( living people )
NPR personalities
American radio journalists
Reed College alumni
Living people
Journey Cake , Ho ! is a 1953 picture book written by Ruth Sawyer and illustrated by Robert McCloskey . The book tells the story of a boy who chases a journey cake around a farm . The book was a recipient of a 1954 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations .
References
1953 children 's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
The Paris-Est Sup is an association of universities and higher education institutions ( ComUE ) federating two universities and other institutions of higher education and research in the Paris-Est ( eastern Paris ) region .
Originally organized as a Pôle de recherche et d'enseignement supérieur ( PRES ) in March 2007 , the founding members were University of Marne-la-Vallée and École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées .
In application of the Law on Higher Education and Research ( France ) , the University of Paris-Est became an association of universities and higher education institutions ( ComUE ) on March 1 , 2015 .
Members
The founding members , according to the statute of the ComUE :
ESIEE Paris
École des ponts ParisTech
École nationale vétérinaire d'Alfort
Centre national de la recherche scientifique
Institut français des sciences et technologies des transports , de l'aménagement et des réseaux
Université Paris-Est Créteil
Gustave Eiffel University
References
External links
University of Paris-Est website
Universities in Paris
2007 establishments in France
Educational institutions established in 2007
Universities and colleges formed by merger in France
The Virginia House of Delegates election of 2017 was held on Tuesday , November 7 . All 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates were contested . The Republican Party held a 66–34 majority in the House of Delegates before the election but lost 15 seats to the Democratic Party , resulting in the Republicans holding a 50–49 advantage . After a recount , the result of the election in the 94th district was called a tie . The candidate to hold the seat was determined by random drawing on January 4 , 2018 , which resulted in the Republicans holding a 51–49 majority .
The election was marred by electoral irregularities , such as robocalls falsely telling voters their polling places had changed and voters being assigned to the wrong district . These irregularities led to lawsuits and a delay in the certification of the election results . Several candidates filed for recounts , one of which changed the result , the first time in almost 30 years that a recount in a Virginia election had done so . That recount 's results were not certified , however , due to a questionable ballot ; a tie was declared and a random drawing gave the seat to the pre-recount leader .
Background
The election took place during the first term of President Donald Trump , a Republican who won the 2016 presidential election . Democrats fielded a larger number of candidates than usual in hopes of defying Trump . While there were 17 Republican delegates in districts that had voted Clinton , there were no Democrats from districts that had backed Trump . For this reason , Democrats focused more on picking up seats than on defending seats . Early on , it was expected that Republicans would hold the majority , but Democrats became more optimistic following the unexpectedly close result in Kansas 's 4th congressional district special election . Likewise , after Jacqueline Smith won the election for Prince William County Clerk of Circuit Court , Republicans expressed concern that Democratic momentum and Republican internal bickering could cause them to lose five to ten seats in the House of Delegates . Democratic state senator Jeremy McPike argued that Smith 's victory boded well for Democratic turnout in the state election .
The filing deadline for Republicans and Democrats to participate in the June 13 primary was March 30 . There were seven open House seats , as Republicans Dave Albo , Mark Dudenhefer , Peter Farrell , Bill Howell , Jimmie Massie , and Rick Morris , and Democrat Daun Hester all declined to run again . A total of 55 House of Delegates races were contested . 77 Democrats lined up to challenge 49 Republican incumbents . 35 races were uncontested in the general election , with 13 having only a Republican candidate and 22 having only a Democrat .
In the 2017 election , Democrats reported 153,442 donations of $ 100 or less , whereas Republicans reported 7,332 such donations .
Delegates not running for re-election
Results
By November 8 , the Associated Press called the elections in 96 districts , giving the Democrats a 49–47 advantage but not yet the majority of seats . Upon certification of the election results on November 27 , the Republicans held a 51–49 majority . A recount in the 94th district resulted in the Democrats gaining one more seat , causing a 50–50 split . But a three-judge panel declined to certify the result and counted another vote that tied the election , which led to the panel declaring that there was no winner . So the balance of the House of Delegates was at 50–49 in the Republicans ' favor until the race was resolved through drawing lots , as per state law . On January 4 , 2018 , the drawing was held and Republican David Yancey was declared the winner . Their opponent , Shelly Simonds , conceded on January 10 .
There were several notable candidates who won elections . Democratic candidate Chris Hurst , whose girlfriend was murdered on live television in 2015 , defeated Republican incumbent and National Rifle Association-supported Joseph Yost in the 12th district . In the 13th district , Democratic candidate Danica Roem defeated Republican incumbent Bob Marshall to become the first openly transgender candidate to be elected and serve in a state legislative body in the United States . In the 21st and 42nd districts , respectively , Democratic candidates Kelly Fowler and Kathy Tran became the first Asian American women elected to the House of Delegates after defeating Republican incumbent Ron Villanueva and candidate Lolita Mancheno-Smoak . Democratic candidates Elizabeth Guzmán and Hala Ayala defeated Republican incumbents Scott Lingamfelter and Richard Anderson in the 31st and 51st districts , respectively , to also become the first two Hispanic women elected to the House of Delegates . In the 50th district , Lee Carter , the Democratic candidate and a self-described democratic socialist , defeated Republican incumbent and House Majority Whip Jackson Miller . Democratic candidate Dawn M. Adams became the first openly lesbian candidate to be elected to the House of Delegates after defeating Republican incumbent G. Manoli Loupassi in the 68th district .
In the 2017 election , 25 women were elected to the House of Delegates , breaking the previous record of 19 that was set in 2013 .
Close races
Seats where the margin of victory was under 10 % :
Overall
By House of Delegates district
Seats that changed hands
Republican to Democratic ( 15 )
2nd district
10th district
12th district
13th district
21st district
31st district
32nd district
42nd district
50th district
51st district
67th district
68th district
72nd district
73rd district
85th district
Aftermath
Reaction
Frank Bruni , a columnist for The New York Times , said the Republican Party should be `` scared '' as a result of the Virginia elections . Slate writer Mark Stern blamed gerrymandering as the reason why the Democrats did not win a majority in the House of Delegates . Chicago Tribune editorial board member Clarence Page called the election an `` unmistakable anti-Trump backlash . ''
Misinformation
On November 7 , a Twitter account called `` MAGA Mike King '' was suspended after it tweeted more than a dozen times a graphic purportedly instructing Virginians on how to vote by text . On the same day , Harry Wiggins , the chair of the Prince William County Democratic Committee , told The Intercept that voters in their county were receiving robocalls falsely telling them their polling places had changed .
Irregularities
On November 13 , the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund filed a lawsuit in the state court alleging that conflicting and misleading instructions from the Stafford County Electoral Board would ultimately prevent provisional ballots from being counted . Their lawsuit was thrown out on November 14 by judge Victoria Willis because it was not clear that the two voters named as plaintiffs had been harmed . On November 20 , the Virginia State Board of Elections voted unanimously to delay certification of elections in the 28th and 88th districts after Elections Commissioner Edgardo Cortés announced that in April 2016 , Fredericksburg registrar Juanita Pitchford erroneously assigned 83 voters from the 28th to the 88th .
On November 22 , federal judge T. S. Ellis III rejected the Virginia Democratic Party 's bid to halt the Virginia State Board of Elections from certifying the vote totals in the 28th district . After certifying the final results on November 27 , Virginia State Board of Elections Chairman James Alcorn acknowledged the possibility of other voters being erroneously assigned to the wrong district . On December 7 , the Democrats filed an amended complaint that asked the judge to order the state to decertify the election , block Republican candidate Robert Thomas from being seated as a delegate when the General Assembly convenes in January , and hold a new election for the seat .
On January 2 , 2018 , it was reported that the Virginia Department of Elections , Speaker Bill Howell , and Fredericksburg 's Electoral Board knew there were problems with voters assigned to the wrong House districts in the Fredericksburg area since at least early 2015 .
Recounts
On November 29 , Democratic candidates Shelly Simonds and Donte Tanner filed for recounts in the 94th and 40th districts , respectively . On November 30 , Republican incumbent Manoli Loupassi , who lost to Democratic candidate Dawn Adams , filed for a recount in the 68th district . On December 3 , Democratic candidate Joshua Cole filed a request for a recount in the 28th district . On December 14 , Republican incumbent Tim Hugo won the recount in the 40th district , defeating Donte Tanner by 99 votes . On December 20 , Adams ' victory over Loupassi was confirmed by the recount . On December 21 , Republican candidate Robert Thomas defeated Joshua Cole in the recount of the 28th district election .
On December 19 , the recount in the 94th district determined that Simonds defeated Republican incumbent David Yancey by one vote , which ended the 18-year Republican majority in the House of Delegates and created an even 50–50 split . It was the first time in almost thirty years that a recount changed an election result in Virginia . However , a three-judge panel declined to certify the results , citing a questionable ballot that had previously not been counted , which they deemed should be counted in favor of the Republican instead . Judge Bryant Sugg said , `` The court declares there is no winner in this election . '' In the event of a tie in a House of Delegates election , state law says the winner is chosen by lot . On December 21 , James Alcorn tweeted that a random drawing would occur on December 27 .
On December 26 , the drawing was postponed after Simonds filed a legal motion challenging the validity of a ballot counted in Yancey 's favor . On December 28 on CNN 's New Day , Simonds said , `` I do have a problem with doing a game of chance now , because I do feel now I did win fair and square during the recount . '' On December 29 , Alcorn tweeted , `` The State Board of Elections will convene on Thursday , January 4 at 11:00 am . Unless the court system intervenes , the Board will draw a winner for [ the 94th district ] . '' In the legal case , Yancey filed paperwork arguing that Simonds had presented no grounds for a recount court to reconsider its decision . On January 3 , 2018 , the recount panel rejected Simonds ' motion , allowing the random draw to proceed as planned . On January 4 , the tie-breaking drawing was held and Yancey was the winner . Simonds conceded on January 10 .
Speakership
If the Republicans retained a majority in the House of Delegates , Kirk Cox was in line to become speaker . On December 8 , Kenneth R. Plum , a Democrat and the most senior member of the House of Delegates , voiced the possibility of them becoming speaker while minority leader David Toscano is named the majority leader . In an email disclosed by The Washington Post on December 27 , Toscano accused the Republicans of trying `` to undermine [ Democratic ] unity by offering deals to various members in exchange [ for ] a vote for Speaker . '' Toscano also warned their fellow Democratic delegates against calling in sick when the legislature convenes or taking an ill-timed bathroom break during the floor session , fearing that in an evenly split chamber , the Republicans might seize any opportunity to call a vote and take control . After the Republicans retained a majority in the House of Delegates , Cox was elected speaker by a vote of 98–0 on January 10 , 2018 . Cox did n't vote for himself , and one Democratic delegate did n't appear to be in the chamber .
See also
United States elections , 2017
Virginia elections , 2017
Virginia gubernatorial election , 2017
Virginia lieutenant gubernatorial election , 2017
Virginia Attorney General election , 2017
References
Virginia House of Delegates
House of Delegates
Virginia House of Delegates elections
Virginia House of Delegates
Datong County may refer to two counties of the People 's Republic of China :
Datong County , Shanxi ( 大同县 ) , a former county reorganised as Yunzhou District in 2018
Datong Hui and Tu Autonomous County ( 大通回族土族自治县 ) , Qinghai
The Brink may refer to :
The Brink ( 2017 film ) , a Hong Kong action film
The Brink ( 2019 film ) , a documentary film
The Brink ( The Jezabels album ) , a 2013 album by The Jezabels
The Brink ( TV series ) , an American comedy television series
The Brink , a 2011 album by Alternative 4
The Brink , a research news publication from Boston University
See also
Brink ( disambiguation )
Ogbunigwe also called Ojukwu Bucket was a series of weapons systems including command detonation mines , improvised explosive devices , and rocket propelled missiles , mass-produced by the Republic of Biafra and used against Nigeria between 1967 and 1970 in the Biafran War .
History
At the outbreak of hostilities , the Biafran armed forces were poorly equipped as compared to the Nigerian army with arms and ammunition being in short supply . This imbalance in power was intensified in the course of the war . Biafran scientists , prominently from the University of Nigeria Nsukka ( then University of Biafra ) , formed the Research and Production ( RAP ) Agency of Biafra which included a Weapons Research and Production Group . Headed by Colonel Ejike Obumneme Aghanya , it was the aim and purpose of this group to develop an indigenous arms industry and they soon started with the production of ammunition , grenades and armoured cars . Their most effective and infamous product was the Ogbunigwe of which there were different types in various sizes . The term Ogbunigwe later came to include grenades and landmines but initially referred to non guided rocket propelled surface-to-air missiles which were later converted to surface-to-surface missiles . The engineers Seth Nwanagu , Willy Achukwu , Sylvester Akalonu , Nath Okpala Gordian Ezekwe , Benjamin Nwosu and others were instrumental in the design and production of the weapons .
Originally , the name Ogbunigwe had a singular spiritual meaning preceding the Biafra Civil War . The name meaning , `` a killer in the heaven or the vast sky ; heaven killer . '' This is believed to be why the Igbo scientists named their flagship invention the flying Ogbunigwe before disseminating the label to ground ordnance . Following the war , the name Ogbunigwe now has various meanings from `` landmine '' to `` instrument that kills in multitudes . '' The first type of Ogbunigwe to be produced and tested in combat was the rocket propelled surface to surface missile . It was designed as a surface to air missile to be used in defense against Nigerian MiG-15 fighters marauding the Enugu airport . Before the missile could be used successfully at its actual purpose as an anti aircraft missile , Nigerian troops captured Enugu where the missiles were being produced in October 1967 . Following the fall of Enugu , a group of retreating Biafran soldiers were fighting rearguard action against a battalion of heavily armed Nigerian troops at the Ugwuoba bridge along the old Enugu-Awka road . As the ammunition of the Biafran troops was exhausted their commander ordered them , as a last resort , to adapt the use of the Ogbunigwe surface to air missile they were equipped with , by launching them horizontally at the enemy instead of vertically as designed for anti aircraft action . The effect was devastating and extensive . As a result of this incident , the missile was converted and utilised for the rest of the war as a surface-to-surface missile , and as a surface-to-ship missile during the Second Invasion of Onitsha .
According to Biafran government claims at the time , the flying Ogbunigwe was the first rocket to be wholly designed , developed , mass-produced and launched in Africa . It was used in combat in 1967 , over one year before the launching of the first indigenous South African rocket in December 1968 .
At the height of production , about 500 units were being produced per day in Biafra .
Impact
The Ogbunigwe mines and warheads generally had a killing range of between 180 and 800 metres , an effective shrapnel radius of a 90° arc and could easily wipe out a company of enemy troops . The self-propelled rocket versions had a missile range of 8 kilometres . The weapons were annihilating for enemy infantry and armoured vehicles . Frederick Forsyth describes the use of the flying Ogbunigwe against an attack by the Nigerian army 1st division in 1969 as follows :
Ogbunigwe ` s were used to spectacular and devastating effect in the Abagana ambush which wiped out almost the entire Nigerian 2nd Division in 1968 . They were also used effectively in knocking out Nigerian Army Saladin and Ferret armoured cars . The surface-to-air models were used against mercenary flown Nigerian Air Force Mig 17 jet fighters in the defence of Uli airport . The lack of a guidance system made the missiles notoriously inaccurate against fast flying jet aircraft . The design was based on an air burst principle intended to destabilise the plane by shock wave effect , as well as throw shrapnel and debris in its path to clog up the engines . Though some close calls are reported by Russian pilots flying for the Nigerian Air Force , there are no indications that a Biafran missile shot down an enemy plane . The Biafran Air Force B-25 and B-26 bombers were also fitted with self made Ogbunigwe rockets and bombs .
Ogbunigwe was the most effective Biafran weapon during the war and the Nigerian forces were not able to find an efficient defence against it . Well placed mines or rocket salvos coordinated by few determined soldiers were often enough to stop an entire Nigerian advance . The Ogbunigwe in its various forms was able to influence the outcome of many battles .
According to Chinua Achebe and Vincent Chukwemeka ,
As recently as 2010 unexploded ordnance left over from the war recovered and destroyed by Nigerian clearing operations included 646 pieces of live Ogbunigwe bombs and 426 other improvised explosive devices in areas that were formerly Biafra .
Variants
Though the initial Ogbunigwe was a rocket-propelled ground-to-air missile , later in the war , all Biafran produced explosive devices became known as Ogbunigwe or Ojukwu bucket in popular language . Some of the specific types of Ogbunigwe that can be identified in the literature include the following ;
Flying Ogbunigwe ( rocket ) : multi-purpose non-guided rocket-propelled missile , initially intended as ground-to-air missile , later converted for use as ground-to-ground , ground-to-ship missile , and anti-tank missile . Although produced in different sizes and calibers , the missiles were generally about 2 meters long , 33 cm in diameter , electrically ignited , propelled by rocket fuel , and launched from a specially constructed launch pad or stand . They carried a conventional high explosive warhead with a design based on the Munroe effect . Smaller calibres were mounted for launch in series on platforms similar to the Russian Katyusha rocket launcher ( Stalin ` s organ ) and used by the Biafrans in place of artillery .
Foot Cutter Ogbunigwe ( Landmine ) : inter-spaced , knee-high lead pipes filled with explosives and shrapnel detonated electrically .
Bucket Ogbunigwe ( landmine ) : cone filled with explosives and shrapnel , triggered by wire or command detonated .
Coffin box Ogbunigwe ( landmine ) : larger version of the bucket Ogbunigwe .
Beer Ogbunigwe ( grenade ) : a bottle filled with shrapnel and explosives , detonates on impact .
References
External links
Youtube footage of Biafran Katyusha type rocket being launched ( from 6:20 )
Surface-to-surface missiles
Surface-to-air missiles
Land mines
Improvised explosive devices
Improvised explosive device bombings in Nigeria
Rockets and missiles
Nigerian Civil War
Rocket weapons
Biafra
Gartcosh , Glenboig and Moodiesburn is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council . It had a population of 14,004 in 2019 .
It was created in 2017 following a national boundary review that recommended increased representation for the area overall – this led to the eastern third of the Strathkelvin ward and the northern half of the Coatbridge North and Glenboig ward being merged to cover the settlements of Gartcosh , Glenboig and Moodiesburn , returning three councillors ( the existing wards were renamed Stepps , Chryston and Muirhead and Coatbridge North respectively ) .
Councillors
Election Results
2017 Election
* = Sitting councillor for Coatbridge North and Glenboig ward
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
The Hanabila Mosque or Darwish Pasha Mosque ( ; also called Muzaffari Mosque ) , is an early Ayyubid-era mosque in Damascus , Syria .
See also
List of mosques in Damascus
References
13th-century mosques
Mosques in Damascus
Ayyubid mosques in Syria
Ayyubid architecture
13th-century establishments in the Ayyubid Sultanate
Mosques completed in 1213
This article shows the previous rosters of Stocznia Szczecin volleyball team at PlusLiga in Poland .
2017/2018
The following is the Espadon Szczecin roster in the 2017–18 PlusLiga .
2016/2017
The following is the Espadon Szczecin roster in the 2016–17 PlusLiga .
1 Georgi Bratoev left the club in October 2016 .
2 Ivan Borovnjak left the club in December 2016 .
3 Petković left the club on 28 December 2016 .
4 Dominik Depowski joined the club on 28 December 2016 .
5 Michał Kozłowski joined the club on 28 December 2016 .
References
PlusLiga squads
Evdilos ( Greek : Εύδηλος ) is a village and a former municipality in the central part of the island of Ikaria , North Aegean , Greece . Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Ikaria , of which it is a municipal unit . 40 km northwest of Agios Kirykos . Its name means visible and freely rendered open horizon .
It is a new seaside settlement built after 1830 when piracy was completely stamped out on the island . Evdilos was the first capital of the island . Today it is the second port and the center of northern , central , and western Ikaria . Together with other settlements , it forms the municipal unit of Evdilos and had 2,749 permanent inhabitants at the 2011 census . The municipal unit has a land area of 78.790 km² , and is the second-largest of the three on Icaria both in population and land area . It shares the island of Icaria with the municipal units of Agios Kirykos and Raches .
The picturesque small port and the pier with the old mansions and narrow roads , the paved steps , and the traditional and modern houses form an architecturally interesting village . Evdilos may be the most architecturally traditional settlement on Ikaria . There is a fine beach located just outside Evdilos .
Frantato
The community of Frantato ( Τοπική Κοινότητα Φραντάτου ) with 658 Inhabitants and 17,48 km² surface lies west of Evdilos and borders neighboring Raches .
Frantato ( Φραντάτο ) , 136 Inhabitants
Maratho ( Μάραθο ) , 86 Inhabitants
Pigi ( Πηγή ) , 71 Inhabitants ; in the vicinity of the village lies the Theoktistis Monastery ( Μονή Θεοκτίστης ) . It was founded in the Byzantine era . The first church was built around 1300 C.E .. At its peak , around the 15th century , the monastery was inhabited by around 100 monks , but since 1982 it is deserted .
Stavlos ( Στάβλος ) , 24 Inhabitants
Avlaki ( Αυλάκι ) , 106 Inhabitants
Kampos ( Κάμπος ) , 216 Inhabitants ; within its boundaries lies the antique city of Oinoë ( Οινόη ) , which was the capital of the island until the Byzantine time . Of the Byzantine town only the Odeion , city walls and several buildings are still visible . Wine production constituted the basic income of the city , of which a sum had to be paid to the Attic Treasure . The archaeological museum of Kampos lies next to the Agia Irini church , which was built on the ruins of the classic temple of Dionysos .
Kalamourida ( Καλαμουρίδα ) , 6 Inhabitants
Kremasti ( Κρεμαστή ) , 13 Inhabitants
External links
http : //www.evdilos.gr
References
Populated places in Ikaria ( regional unit )
Khandavalli Lakshmi Ranjanam ( Telugu : ఖండవల్లి లక్ష్మీరంజనం ) M.A . ( 1 March 1908 – 18 June 1986 ) is doyen of Telugu literature and research from Andhra Pradesh , India .
They were born on 1 March 1908 . They lost their father early in life and bore the burden of the family . They passed B.A . in first class and M.A . in Telugu and Sanskrit from Madras University . They came to Hyderabad in 1928 and joined as a teacher in a Government school .
Osmania University , though established long ago , did not have a seat in Telugu subject . Rayaprolu Subbarao joined as lecturer in Telugu . Lakshmirajyam joined under them as junior lecturer . They persuaded the university authorities to open Telugu classes in the constituent colleges . They were elevated to lecturer and head of the department in 1945 and Professor in 1952 .
Having established the Telugu department strongly , they turned their efforts to establish a Research wing in Telugu language . The first Ph.D. degree in Telugu from the university was achieved by Dr. B.Rama Raju . They edited some parvas of Tikkana Mahabharatam for Sahitya Academy . Their major work is Sangrahandhra Vignanakosam - Encyclopedia in 8 volumes . Between 1912 and 1938 Komarraju Venkata Lakshmana Rao and Kasinadhuni Nageswara Rao compiled Encyclopedia of Telugu - Andhra Vignana Sarvaswam . They could bring 3 volumes . After that Urlam Zamindar Prasadaraya Bahadur with the help of scholars published 7 volumes . Lakshmirajyam with strong determination edited and published 8 volumes of Sangrahandhra Vignana Kosam . They published Andhra History and geographical facts of Andhra Pradesh .
They established Vivekananda Educational Society and started a high school for boys and girls . They started Andhra Oriental Sanskrit and Telugu College at Nallakunta in 1958 . This college grew to a Postgraduate Centre and celebrating its Golden jubilee in 2008 .
References
20th Century Telugu Velugulu , Potti Sriramulu Telugu University , Hyderabad , 2005 .
Telugu people
Writers from Andhra Pradesh
1908 births
1986 deaths
Telugu-language writers
20th-century Indian educational theorists
Scholars from Andhra Pradesh
University of Madras alumni
Osmania University faculty
Felipe Esparza is a Mexican born American stand-up comedian and actor . They began performing stand-up in 1994 . They won Last Comic Standing in 2010 .
Esparza has hosted a weekly podcast called What 's Up Fool ? since 2014 .
Early life and education
Felipe Esparza was born in Sinaloa , Mexico . They lived on their mother 's family 's ranch in Sinaloa before moving with their family to live with their aunt in Tijuana , where they lived for about two years . Their father had left the family to go to the United States alone . Eventually , in the years prior to Reagan 's Amnesty , Esparza illegally immigrated with their two brothers and their mother to the United States , traveling in the car of a `` coyote '' smuggler . During the trip , they were stopped at a checkpoint in San Clemente , California and they were held in a holding cell with their brothers , separate from their mother for a short period of time . The family was deported . They attempted the trip again , but were stopped and deported again . They tried a third time , using passports of cousins who lived in California . They changed cars twice and were driven to Carson , California . They were then moved to the Boyle Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles , where their father was living . Esparza was raised in the Aliso Village housing projects of Boyle Heights . They attended Theodore Roosevelt High School .
Career
Esparza began performing stand-up in 1994 after a stint in drug rehab . They won Last Comic Standing in 2010 .
Personal life
Esparza is married to Lisa Esparza .
They have been vegan since 2011 .
Works
Comedy specials
Filmography
Film
Television
References
Living people
Mexican comedians
Comedians from California
Last Comic Standing winners
Mexican emigrants to the United States
People from Boyle Heights , Los Angeles
People from Sinaloa
1976 births
Mexican expatriate actors in the United States
Flemming Meyer is a Danish lightweight rower . They won a gold medal at the 1992 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
VisiCalc ( for `` visible calculator '' ) is the first spreadsheet computer program for personal computers , originally released for Apple II by VisiCorp in 1979 . It is often considered the application that turned the microcomputer from a hobby for computer enthusiasts into a serious business tool , prompting IBM to introduce the IBM PC two years later . VisiCalc is considered to be Apple II 's killer app . It sold over 700,000 copies in six years , and as many as 1 million copies over its history .
Initially developed for the Apple II computer using a 6502 assembler running on the Multics time sharing system , VisiCalc was ported to numerous platforms , both 8-bit and some of the early 16-bit systems . In order to do this , the company developed porting platforms that produced bug compatible versions . The company took the same approach when the IBM PC was launched , producing a product that was essentially identical to the original 8-bit Apple II version . Sales were initially brisk , with about 300,000 copies sold .
VisiCalc used the A1 notation in formulas .
When Lotus 1-2-3 was launched in 1983 , taking full advantage of the expanded memory and screen of the PC , VisiCalc sales ended almost overnight . Sales declined so rapidly , that the company was soon insolvent . Lotus Development purchased the company in 1985 , and immediately ended sales of VisiCalc and the company 's other products .
History
Dan Bricklin conceived VisiCalc while watching a presentation at Harvard Business School . The professor was creating a financial model on a blackboard that was ruled with vertical and horizontal lines ( resembling accounting paper ) to create a table , and they wrote formulas and data into the cells . When the professor found an error or wanted to change a parameter , they had to erase and rewrite several sequential entries in the table . Bricklin realized that they could replicate the process on a computer using an `` electronic spreadsheet '' to view results of underlying formulae .
Bob Frankston joined Bricklin at 231 Broadway , Arlington , Massachusetts , and the pair formed the Software Arts company , and developed the VisiCalc program in two months during the winter of 1978–79 . Bricklin wrote :
with the years of experience we had at the time we created VisiCalc , we were familiar with many row/column financial programs . In fact , Bob had worked since the 1960s at Interactive Data Corporation , a major timesharing utility that was used for some of them and I was exposed to some at Harvard Business School in one of the classes .
Bricklin was referring to the variety of report generators that were in use at that time , including Business Planning Language ( BPL ) from International Timesharing Corporation ( ITS ) and Foresight from Foresight Systems . However , these earlier timesharing programs were not completely interactive , and they pre-dated personal computers .
Frankston described VisiCalc as a `` magic sheet of paper that can perform calculations and recalculations '' , which `` allows the user to just solve the problem using familiar tools and concepts '' . The Personal Software company began selling VisiCalc in mid-1979 for under $ 100 , after a demonstration at the fourth West Coast Computer Faire and an official launch on June 4 at the National Computer Conference . It required an Apple II with 32K of random-access memory ( RAM ) , and supported saving files to magnetic tape cassette or to the Apple Disk II floppy disk system .
VisiCalc was unusually easy to use and came with excellent documentation ; Apple 's developer documentation cited the software as an example of one with a simple user interface . Observers immediately noticed its power . Ben Rosen speculated in July 1979 , that `` VisiCalc could someday become the software tail that wags ( and sells ) the personal computer dog '' . For the first 12 months , it was only available for Apple II , and it became that platform 's killer app . The computer was sold , John Markoff wrote , as a `` VisiCalc accessory '' ; many bought $ 2000 Apples to run the $ 100 software — more than 25 % of those sold in 1979 were reportedly for VisiCalc — even if they already owned computers . Steve Wozniak said , that small businesses , not the hobbyists they and Steve Jobs had expected , purchased 90 % of Apple IIs . Apple 's rival Tandy Corporation used VisiCalc on Apple IIs at their headquarters . Other software supported its Data Interchange Format ( DIF ) to share data . One example was the Microsoft BASIC interpreter supplied with most microcomputers that ran VisiCalc . This allowed skilled BASIC programmers to add features , such as trigonometric functions , that VisiCalc lacked .
Bricklin and Frankston originally intended to fit the program into 16k memory , but they later realized that the program needed at least 32k . Even 32k was too small to support some features that the creators wanted to include , such as a split text/graphics screen . However , Apple eventually began shipping all Apple IIs with 48k memory following a drop in RAM prices , which enabled the developers to include more features . The initial release supported tape cassette storage , but that was quickly dropped .
At VisiCalc 's release , Personal Software promised to port the program to other computers , starting with those that used the MOS Technology 6502 microprocessor , and versions appeared for Atari 800 and Commodore PET , both of which could be done easily , because those computers used the same processor as Apple II , and large portions of code could be reused . The PET version , which contained two separate executables for 40 and 80-column models , was widely criticized for having a very small amount of worksheet space due to the developers ' inclusion of their own custom DOS , which used a large amount of memory ( the PET only had 32k versus Apple II 's available 48k ) .
Other ports followed for Apple III , the Zilog Z80-based Tandy TRS-80 Model I , Model II , Model III , Model 4 , and Sony SMC-70 . The TRS-80 Model I and Sony SMC-70 ports were the only versions of VisiCalc without copy protection . The Sony SMC-70 port was the only CP/M version . Most versions were disk-based , but the PET VisiCalc came with a ROM chip that the user had to install in one of the motherboard 's expansion ROM sockets . The most important port was for the IBM PC , and VisiCalc was one of the first commercial packages available when the IBM PC shipped in 1981 . It quickly became a best-seller on this platform , in spite of being severely limited in order to be compatible with the versions for the 8-bit platforms . It is estimated , that 300,000 copies were sold on the PC , bringing total sales to about 1 million copies .
By 1982 , VisiCalc 's price had risen from $ 100 to $ 250 . Several competitors appeared in the market , notably SuperCalc and Multiplan , each of which added more features and corrected deficiencies in VisiCalc , but could not overcome its market dominance . A more dramatic change occurred with the 1983 launch of Lotus Development Corporation 's Lotus 1-2-3 , created by former Personal Software/VisiCorp employee Mitch Kapor , who had written VisiTrend and VisiPlot . Unlike the PC version of VisiCalc , 1-2-3 was written to take full advantage of the PC 's increased memory , screen and performance . Yet it was designed to be as compatible as possible with VisiCalc , including the menu structure , to allow VisiCalc users to easily migrate to 1-2-3 .
1-2-3 was almost immediately successful , and by 1984 , InfoWorld wrote that sales of VisiCalc were `` rapidly declining '' , stating , that it was `` the first successful software product to have gone through a complete life cycle , from conception in 1978 to introduction in 1979 to peak success in 1982 to decline in 1983 to a probable death according to industry insiders in 1984 . '' The magazine added , that the company was slow to upgrade the software , only releasing an Advanced Version of VisiCalc for Apple II in 1983 , and announcing one for the IBM PC in 1984 . By 1985 , VisiCorp was insolvent . Lotus Development acquired Software Arts , and ended sales of the application .
Releases
1979 : Apple II
1980 : Apple III , TRS-80 Model III , Apple II , IBM PC , TRS-80 Model 2 , Commodore PET CBM-80 , HP 125 , Atari 800
1981 : IBM PC , Sony SMC-70
1982 : Apple III
1983 : Enhanced VisiCalc for TRS-80 Model 4 , Model II ( with RAM expansion card ) and Model 16 . Used banked memory beyond the base 64 KB .
Reception
In 1983 Softline readers named VisiCalc tenth overall and the highest non-game on the magazine 's Top Thirty list of Atari 8-bit programs by popularity . II Computing listed it second on the magazine 's list of top Apple II software as of late 1985 , based on sales and market-share data .
In its 1980 review , BYTE wrote `` The most exciting and influential piece of software that has been written for any microcomputer application is VisiCalc '' . It concluded , `` VisiCalc is the first program available on a microcomputer that has been responsible for sales of entire systems '' . Creative Computings review the same year similarly concluded , `` for almost anyone in business , education , or any science-related field it is ... reason enough to purchase a small computer system in the first place '' . Compute ! reported , `` Every Visicalc user knows of someone who purchased an Apple just to be able to use Visicalc '' . Antic wrote in 1984 , `` VisiCalc is n't as easy to use as prepackaged home accounting programs , because you 're required to design both the layout and the formulas used by the program . Because it is not pre-packaged , however , it 's infinitely more powerful and flexible than such programs . You can use VisiCalc to balance your checkbook , keep track of credit card purchases , calculate your net worth , do your taxes—the possibilities are practically limitless . '' The Addison-Wesley Book of Atari Software 1984 gave the application an overall A+ rating , praising its documentation and calling it `` indispensable ... a straight ' A ' classic '' .
In 1999 , Harvard Business School put up a plaque commemorating Dan Bricklin in the room where they had studied . It read `` Forever changed how people use computers in business . ''
In 2006 , Charles Babcock of InformationWeek wrote that , in retrospect , `` VisiCalc was flawed and clunky , and could n't do many things users wanted it to do ” , but also , “ It 's great because it demonstrated the power of personal computing . ”
See also
Visi On
Triumph of the Nerds , A documentary hosted by Robert X. Cringely that featured the creators of VisiCalc and their contribution as the first killer app for the personal computer .
Timeline of computing 1950–1979
References
Further reading
External links
Dan Bricklin 's Own VisiCalc Website – With history information as well as downloadable PC version
Implementing VisiCalc – By Bob Frankston , on their website
Was VisiCalc the `` first '' spreadsheet ? – By Dan Bricklin , on their website
Three Minutes : Godfathers Of The Spreadsheet – PC World interview with the creators of VisiCalc
Techdirt : What If VisiCalc Had Been Patented ?
TRS-80 and more
TED Talk – `` Dan Bricklin : Meet the inventor of the electronic spreadsheet ''
TEDx Talk – `` A Problem That Changed The World | Dan Bricklin | TEDxBeaconStreet ''
Spreadsheet software
Microcomputer software
Apple II software
Atari 8-bit family software
1979 software
Castelluccio Inferiore ( Lucano : ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza , in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata .
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Statistics of the Latvian Higher League for the 1926 season- RFK were the league champions :
League standings
1st stage : Riga Group
2nd stage : Finals
References
External links
RSSSF
1926
Lat
Lat
Football Championship
8th Regiment may refer to :
Philippine Commonwealth
8th Infantry Regiment ( Philippine Commonwealth Army )
8th Infantry Regiment ( Philippine Constabulary ) - The military establishment of the 8th Infantry Regiment of the Philippine Constabulary was active on 1944 to 1946 under the U.S. military command during the Liberation and stationed in Cebu and Bohol .
United States
8th Regiment Missouri Volunteer Cavalry
8th Regiment Alabama Infantry
8th Marine Regiment ( United States )
8th Cavalry Regiment ( United States )
8th Infantry Regiment ( United States )
United Kingdom
8th ( The King 's ) Regiment of Foot
Muse Sudi Yalahow ( ; Arabic : موسى سودي يالاهو ) was a Trade Minister in the Transitional Government of Ali Mohammed Ghedi . They were dismissed in June 2006 after ignoring government requests to halt fighting with the Islamic Courts Union militia .
Somali Civil War
United Somali Congress/Somali Salvation Alliance ( USC/SSA )
Yalahow is a relative of Ali Mahdi Muhammad , the interim president of Somalia after the outbreak of the civil war in 1991 and faction leader in northern Mogadishu . As the deputy Chairman of United Somali Congress/Somali Salvation Alliance ( USC/SSA ) of Ali Mahdi Muhammad , Yalhow headed the administration in the Medina district of southern Mogadishu when the civil war broke out in the early 90s . Yalahow draws support from the Abgal , one of the largest Hawiye clans . Ethiopia initially showed interest in them because of their opposition to Hussein Aideed , and supported the leader in their opposition against the new interim government . Local and international media reports documented the arrival of weapons trucked into Mogadishu from Ethiopia for Yalahow . There were many reports of the faction leader visiting the Ethiopian Somali region - particularly Gode , the capital of the Ogaden area - to receive weapons and meet Ethiopian military and government representatives .
In August 1998 , Ali Mahdi Muhammad and South Mogadishu warlords Hussein Aideed and Mohamed Afrah Qanyare set up a joint administration for Mogadishu , which was rejected by Yalahow , Osman Ali Atto and Hussein Haji Bod . Fighting erupted in early March between loyalists of Yalahow and militiamen funded by the business community in northern Mogadishu after Yalahow tried to impose taxes at the Karan market in northern Mogadishu . The fighting claimed 22 lives and subsided March 15 after Abgal elders arranged a cease-fire and resumption of negotiations .
However , fighting flared up again on March 17 and 18 , 1999 bringing the total number of casualties to 38 people and 88 injured since the fighting began . The dispute disrupted public transport and telephone lines were cut . Yalahow rejected a plan by elders to end the latest round of fighting and refused to withdraw the tax demand . In addition , another round of clashes was reported between clan militias of Yalahow and those of the Mogadishu governor Hussein Ali Ahmed . The fighting which began later , in mid-March was more political in nature and not a continuation of the fighting sparked by a dispute over taxation rights . This dispute reportedly ended with Yalahow 's takeover of equipment belonging to a north Mogadishu radio station which supported Ali Mahdi Muhammad , their former ally . Yalahow , whose militia were now well armed , declared they would never recognise a joint administration established by their rivals . They later changed their mind when offered the post of third deputy chairperson of the proposed authority .
In March 2001 their militia kidnapped nine aid workers from Médecins Sans Frontières who were vaccinating children against polio .
Somali Reconciliation and Restoration Council ( SRRC )
In December 2001 their forces lost control over the Jazira airstrip . They had split from their `` right-hand man and deputy , '' Mahmud Muhammad Finish , who was also of the Da'ud subclan of the Abgal clan . Yalahow became a senior leader of the Somali Reconciliation and Restoration Council ( SRRC ) , while Finish was loyal to the Transitional National Government ( TNG ) movement . The two battled over the control of the airstrip , as well as over control of sections of Mogadishu . On February 26 , 2002 , fighting broke out between the two warlords again , killing at least twelve people . Yalahow lost a technical and an unarmed pickup to Finish in the fighting .
In late May heavy fighting in Mogadishu left 60 people dead and over 100 wounded , most reportedly non-combatants , as militias of Muhammad Habib and Yalahow , both members of SRRC , attacked the house of Dahir Shaykh Dayah , the Interior Minister of TNG . The fighting had reportedly displaced thousands of families , particularly in north Mogadishu .
Clashes between rivals again flared up in Mogadishu in July , ahead of the proposed peace talks in Nairobi , leaving 30 people dead and 50 wounded . Most of the victims were civilians caught in the crossfire or killed when artillery shells struck residential houses . The dead included many children .
Renewed fighting was reported in Middle Shabelle , with 20 fatalities in related inter-clan clashes , and again resumed in early September , leaving 15 people dead and over 30 wounded in two days of fighting in north Mogadishu . Each of the two warlords then claimed to be the head of the USC/SSA and the leadership feud became the cause of further fighting in 2003 .
Transitional Federal Government ( TFG )
When the Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) was organized in 2004 , Musa Sudi Yalahow was one of the 275 selected members of the Transitional Federal Parliament enumerated in the official list of August 29 , 2004 . Their term expires in 2009 .
On March 20 , 2005 , it was reported Yalahow was arrested in Kenya , along with other TFG members of parliament for brawling over an argument which stemmed from the debate over whether to allow peacekeepers from Ethiopia , Djibouti and Kenya to help restore the TFG to power .
Yalahow 's militia is based in Mogadishu and they partly control the lucrative Daynile Airport , which is northeast of Mogadishu . The airport is a source of income as international aid agencies use it as well as people who are importing or smuggling goods into the capital . In October 2005 , the Somali Transitional Federal Government ordered that Daynile be closed . Yalahow , though a Minister in the government , warned that they would shoot down any plane which followed the government 's orders not to land there .
Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism ( ARPCT )
In February 2006 Yahalow joined the United States-backed warlord coalition , the Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism ( ARPCT ) in order to fight the Islamic Court Union . Fighting between the ICU and ARPCT claimed more than 350 lives and Yalahow 's militia occupied the International Red Cross and Red Crescent ( ICRC ) -run Kensaney hospital . The ICRC issued a statement that the hospital was taken by Yalahow 's fighters , despite repeated calls by the ICRC ) and the Somali Red Crescent Society for medical facilities to be spared , that the hospital was clearly marked with the red crescent emblem and that the military operation impeded the access of new casualties to the hospital . Keysaney hospital was the only medical facility in Mogadishu North offering surgical services for the war-wounded at the time .
The Somali Justice Advocacy Center called on the United Nations ( U.N. ) to bring Yalahow to the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) for violation of the 48 and 51 ( 5 ) ( b ) of additional protocol of deliberate prevention of wounded civilians from receiving medical assistance , the indiscriminate shelling of civilian populations and the complete take over of Keysani Hospital . Somalia is not a party to the court , and therefore would have to consent or be referred by the UN Security Council in order for the court to have jurisdiction . In June 2006 the regional body IGAD threatened to do this to warlords it termed `` spoilers '' . ( See also : Cases before the International Criminal Court )
On June 5 Yalahow withdrew from Mogadishu to the warlord stronghold of Balad , a town 30 km north of Mogadishu , which was also taken by the ICU days later .
The Somali Prime Minister , Ali Mohammed Ghedi removed Yalahow from office , saying Yalahow had opposed their government and peace initiatives and undermined their reconciliation activities . They said Yalahow 's actions fueled violence and unrest and their militia had killed innocent civilians .
Return to Mogadishu
On January 6 , 2007 YALAHOW returned to Mogadishu from exile .
On January 12 , 2007 , the same day as the Battle of Ras Kamboni ended marking the last major campaign to defeat the ICU , Somali warlords tentatively agreed with President Abdullahi Yusuf to disarm their militias and to direct their members to apply to join the national army or police forces . An estimated 20,000 militia were said to exist throughout Somalia . Mohamed Qanyare Afrah said the clans were `` fed up '' with militias and agreed to disarm their own men .
Muse Sudi Yalahow was less conciliatory and made veiled threats that if dissatisfied , people might oppose the government .
On January 16 , 2007 , QANYARE Mohamed and SUDI YALAHOW , MOUSE , were the first warlords of Mogadishu to disarm , turning over their weapons and committing their militiamen to the government , though some of SUDI 's arms remained in other locations controlled by QANYARE and Mohamed DHERE . The arms were accepted by the chief commander of the government army , along with GENERAL Naji and other dignitaries .
See also
Disarmament in Somalia
Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism
Rise of the Islamic Courts
Cases before the International Criminal Court
References
Somalian faction leaders
Living people
Members of the Transitional Federal Parliament
Government ministers of Somalia
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Yaqoob Bizenjo is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 . On May 30 , 2009 .
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-272 ( Kech-cum-Gwadar ) as a candidate of Balochistan National Party Awami in 2008 Pakistani general election . They received 61,655 votes and defeated an independent candidate , Zubaida Jalal Khan .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
James Rayside ( April 1836 – 1895 ) was an Ontario , Canada , business person and political figure . They represented Glengarry in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1882 to 1894 as a Liberal member .
Biography
Rayside was born in Montreal in 1836 , the son of Scottish immigrants , and was raised by their grandparents in Martintown , Upper Canada . They learned the trade of carpentry and became a millwright . They travelled to British Columbia in 1862 during the gold rush there . In 1864 , they returned to Martintown , where they married Margaret McDougall . Rayside became involved in the lumber trade and owned a number of sawmills . They served as reeve of Charlottenburg Township . They were defeated by Donald Macmaster for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1878 but was elected in an 1882 by-election held after Macmaster ran for seat in the federal parliament . In 1880 , they moved to Lancaster .
External links
The Canadian parliamentary companion , 1883 JA Gemmill
A Cyclopæedia of Canadian biography : being chiefly men of the time ... GM Rose ( 1886 )
Stormont , Dundas and Glengarry : a history , 1784-1945 , JG Harkness ( 1946 )
1836 births
1895 deaths
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
People from the United Counties of Stormont , Dundas and Glengarry
Phtheochroa cartwrightana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in North America , where it has been recorded from Manitoba , Maine and Ohio .
References
Moths described in 1907
Phtheochroa
José Isidoro Gómez Torres ( born 1 August 1986 ) , known simply as Isidoro , is a Spanish former professional footballer , and the assistant manager of Norwegian club IK Junkeren . Mainly a right back , they could play occasionally on the other flank .
Club career
A product of Real Betis ' youth system , Isidoro was born in Pedrera , Seville , and they made their first appearance with the first team in a 1–1 draw against Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabéu in a Copa del Rey game , with Betis winning the tie on the away goals rule . Under the guidance of manager Luis Fernández they played six consecutive La Liga matches ( all starts ) after their debut on 17 February 2007 , also against Real Madrid and away ( 0–0 draw ) ; they were promoted to the main squad at the same time as Juande , but remained registered with the reserves for a further three full seasons .
Isidoro appeared in 31 games for the Andalusians in the 2010–11 campaign , as they returned to the top division after a two-year absence . They moved abroad on 27 August 2012 , signing a two-year contract with Polish club Polonia Warsaw ; they were released on 25 November , after only five official appearances .
In the following years , Isidoro competed in their country 's second level , in representation of CD Numancia , Elche CF and UD Almería . In January 2018 , they joined FK Bodø/Glimt from the Norwegian Eliteserien .
Isidoro retired at the end of 2019 aged 33 , being immediately appointed assistant manager of Bodø/Glimt 's lowly neighbours IK Junkeren . They also became academy manager .
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Sierra Sur ( Seville )
Sportspeople from the Province of Seville
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Andalusia
Association football defenders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Betis Deportivo Balompié footballers
Real Betis players
CD Numancia players
Elche CF players
UD Almería players
Ekstraklasa players
Polonia Warsaw players
Eliteserien players
FK Bodø/Glimt players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Iain Canning is an English film and television producer best known for producing the film The King 's Speech ( 2010 ) , for which they won an Academy Award for Best Picture and the BAFTA award for Best Film and Best British Film , and for executive producing television series Top of the Lake , which was nominated for an Emmy , BAFTA and Golden Globe award . They have been nominated for 3 Academy Awards and won 1 , nominated for 5 BAFTAs and won 3 , and nominated for 2 Emmy Awards and won 1 .
Iain co-founded See-Saw Films with producing partner Emile Sherman in 2008 . Their offices are based in London , UK and Sydney , Australia .
Career
Iain Canning co-founded See-Saw Films with Emile Sherman in 2008 and has produced several major films including Lion , winner of two BAFTA Awards , starring Dev Patel , Nicole Kidman and Rooney Mara , and The Power of the Dog , starring Benedict Cumberbatch , Kodi Smit-McPhee , Kirsten Dunst and Jesse Plemons . Canning produced Jane Campion 's Emmy Award-nominated TV series Top of the Lake . The second series , Top of the Lake : China Girl , also directed by Campion , premiered at the Cannes Film Festival 2017 . Elisabeth Moss reprised their Golden Globe-winning role as Detective Robin Griffin , which also starred Nicole Kidman and Gwendoline Christie .
Canning won an Academy Award in 2011 for The King 's Speech directed by Tom Hooper . The film stars Colin Firth , Geoffrey Rush and Helena Bonham Carter
In 2019 , Canning produced short-form British comedy series , State of the Union , which premiered on Sundance TV . The first season starred Rosamund Pike and Chris O'Dowd and won three Emmy Awards including Outstanding Short Form Comedy or Drama Series . In 2021 , the series was renewed for a second season starring Brendan Gleeson and Patricia Clarkson .
Also in 2019 , Canning and Sherman teamed up with Garth Davis to form a new production company called I AM THAT , with Samantha Lang as head of development .
2021 saw the releases of British TV series The North Water , written and directed by Andrew Haigh , starring Jack O'Connell and Colin Farrell , and Australian TV series Firebite , written by Warwick Thornton and Brendan Fletcher and directed by Thornton , Fletcher and Tony Krawitz . Both series premiered on AMC+ in the United States .
In November 2021 , Netflix released The Power of the Dog , which is See-Saw 's second collaboration with Jane Campion . In 2022 , the film won 2 BAFTAs including Best Film , and was nominated for 12 Academy Awards , with Jane Campion going on to win Best Director . The film originally premiered at the 78th Venice International Film Festival and Campion was awarded the Silver Lion for Best Director .
See-Saw 's latest TV projects to release in 2022 include Slow Horses and The Essex Serpent for Apple TV+ , and Heartstopper for Netflix . Upcoming films include Operation Mincemeat , which stars Colin Firth , Matthew Macfadyen , Kelly Macdonald , Penelope Winton and Johnny Flynn ; The Stranger , which stars Sean Harris and Joel Edgerton ; and Florian Zeller 's The Son , which stars Hugh Jackman , Laura Dern , Vanessa Kirby and Zen McGrath .
Prior to founding See-Saw , Canning executive-produced the award-winning films Hunger directed by McQueen and Anton Corbijn 's Control .
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
References
External links
See-Saw Films website
1979 births
Living people
LGBT producers
LGBT entertainers from England
English film producers
Producers who won the Best Picture Academy Award
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Film people from Bristol
Filmmakers who won the Best Film BAFTA Award
Golden Globe Award-winning producers
Opogona comptella is a moth of the family Tineidae . It is found from southern Queensland to Tasmania as well as in New Zealand .
The wingspan is about 15 mm .
The larvae feed on the bark of Salix vitellina and the galls of Acacia dealbata ( caused by the rust fungus Uromycladium tepperianum ) and Acacia melanoxylon ( caused by the fly Cecidomyia acaciaelongifoliae ) .
References
Opogona
Moths of Australia
Moths of New Zealand
Moths described in 1864
Marjorie Bonner may refer to :
Marjorie Bonner ( 19th century actor ) ( died 1895 ) , American actor
Marjorie Bonner ( Ziegfeld Follies ) ( 1893–1979 ) , American dancer and actor
Margerie Bonner ( 1905–1988 ) , American actor billed as Marjorie , scriptwriter , and novelist
The 44th Indian Armoured Division was an armoured division of the Indian Army during World War II . It was formed in Burma , in February 1943 , from the 32nd and 43rd Armoured divisions . It was reformed as the 21st Infantry Division in April 1944 .
Formation
254th Indian Tank Brigade
7th Light Cavalry
25th Dragoons
46th Cavalry
45th Cavalry
3rd Carabiniers
149th Regiment , Royal Armoured Corps ( RAC ) raised from a Battalion of the King 's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry
150th Regiment , RAC raised from 10th Bn York and Lancaster Regiment
255th Indian Armoured Brigade
26th Hussars
45th Cavalry
4/4th Bombay Grenadiers
158th Regiment , RAC
159th Regiment , RAC
5th King Edward 's Own Probyn 's Horse
9th Royal Deccan Horse
116th Regiment , RAC
19th King George 's Own Lancers
268th Indian Infantry Brigade
converted from 268th Indian Armoured Brigade August 1945
8/13th Frontier Force Rifles
17/10th Baluch Regiment
17/7th Rajput Regiment
2/4th Bombay Grenadiers
5/4th Bombay Grenadiers
1st Assam Regiment
1st The Chamar Regiment
4/3rd Madras Regiment
Kalibahadur Regiment , Nepal
Mahindra Dal Regiment , Nepal
1/3rd Madras Regiment
2nd The King 's Own Scottish Borderers
2nd The South Lancashire Regiment
Divisional troops
19th King George 's Own Lancers
References
Indian World War II divisions
British Indian Army divisions
Military units and formations established in 1943
Military units and formations of the British Empire in World War II
Silvio Luiz may refer to :
Silvio Luiz ( commentator ) ( born 1934 ) , Brazilian commentator and presenter
Silvio Luiz ( footballer ) ( born 1977 ) , Brazilian footballer
Sabina Wölbitsch ( born 27 March 1966 ) is a Swiss former footballer who played 34 times for the Switzerland women 's national football team between 1986 and 1994 . At club level they represented clubs in Switzerland , Italy and Germany .
Club career
After a successful spell with SV Seebach , which included winning two `` Doubles '' , Wölbitsch joined Italian Serie A club Reggiana on a professional contract in 1989 . They won the league title in their first season but left after a year to return to the Swiss Nationalliga A with DFC Bern .
In March 1992 Wölbitsch signed for TuS Niederkirchen of the German Frauen-Bundesliga . Initially they continued working in Switzerland and commuted to training and matches in Germany . The team won the league in 1992–93 . In 1996 Wölbitsch wanted to transfer to TuS Ahrbach , but Niederkirchen refused to release them and they missed the entire season . They finished their career with FSV Frankfurt .
International career
Wölbitsch won their first cap for Switzerland in a 3–1 friendly win over Iceland at Valbjarnarvöllur , Reykjavík , on 21 August 1986 . They made their 34th and final national team appearance on 4 May 1994 , in a 1–1 UEFA Women 's Euro 1995 qualifying draw with Croatia at Stadion Kranjčevićeva , Zagreb .
Honours
Club
SV Seebach
Nationalliga A : 1983 , 1985 , 1987 , 1988
Swiss Women 's Cup : 1986 , 1987 , 1988 , 1989
Reggiana
Serie A : 1990
DFC Bern
Swiss Women 's Cup : 1991
TuS Niederkirchen
Frauen-Bundesliga : 1992–93
References
External links
Profile at SoccerDonna.de
1966 births
Living people
Swiss women 's footballers
Switzerland women 's international footballers
Footballers from Zürich
Women 's association football defenders
FC Zürich Frauen players
FSV Frankfurt ( women ) players
Swiss expatriate women 's footballers
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate women 's footballers in Italy
Expatriate women 's footballers in Germany
Frauen-Bundesliga players
Serie A ( women 's football ) players
A.S.D . Reggiana Calcio Femminile players
Winki Lai ( ; born 8 July 1986 ) is a Hong Kong actor and television host . They have been a TVB artiste since 2014 .
Early life
Winki Lai was born in Hong Kong . They studied at ELCHK Ma On Shan Lutheran Primary School and Chinese YMCA College . Lai joined the drama club in secondary school . Although they were admitted to the acting department of the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts in Form 5 , they gave up the opportunity to advance to university . It was not until two years later that one of their A-level scores failed and they could not enter their desired degree , Lai officially enrolled in the Bachelor of Arts with Honours in the Performing Department of The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts . They won the Hong Kong Bank Foundation Hong Kong-Mainland Exchange Scholarship and the Lai Cho-tin Memorial Scholarship during their schooling .
Career
After graduating in 2011 , Lai became a stage actor and radio host . In 2013 , they were recommended by their teacher Lo Koon-lan from The Academy of Performing Arts to participate in the audition for the TVB drama Never Dance Alone and set foot in the entertainment industry . During the audition , they played the seven characters alone and was finally selected for the role of the teen version of Hui Chun Nei in the drama . During the filming of the play , producer Eric Tsang asked them to help Rachel Lee , who had been unable to enter the play after they had quit the entertainment industry for many years , to analyze the script . After the drama was broadcast , their performance began to impress viewers .
In 2014 , when Lai participated in the drama Lord Of Shanghai , well-known veteran actor Anthony Wong highly praised her , naming their Little Ling ( Little Carol Cheng ) . In 2016 , they played the role of Yau Ling-mui in the drama Blue Veins , in which their performance was once again praised by netizens . In 2017 , they starred in the drama Destination Nowhere , collaborating with Kevin Cheng for the second time .
On 27 July 2018 , Lai switched from the TVB basic artiste contract to the manager contract .
In 2020 , Lai was highly praised for their performance and couple collaboration with Owen Cheung , in the comedy drama Al Cappuccino , which earned their first nominations for both Best Supporting Actress and Most Popular Female Character at the TVB Anniversary Awards 2020 . They eventually won the former award .
As a stage actor , Lai has performed in a number of troupe works and served as the master of ceremonies for the `` 23rd Hong Kong Drama Awards '' . In addition , they have hosted Taoist TV programs broadcast by Now TV , such as Dao Tong Tian Di , Road Express , Life Sweet Silk and Healthy Cooking .
Personal life
Lai is good friends with Kandy Wong , Annice Ng , Cheronna Ng , Jeannie Chan , Anjaylia Chan and Venus Wong , whom of all had starred in the drama Never Dance Alone . In 2020 , Lai , along with Sisley Choi , Jeannie Chan , Stephanie Ho , Anjaylia Chan and Cheronna Ng , formed the friendship group “ SÏXTERS ” .
In July 2017 , Lai announced their pregnancy via Instagram . In August 2017 , they married their stage actor boyfriend of 5 years , Benny Leung . On 3 December 2017 , they gave birth to their son , Marat .
Filmography
TV Dramas ( TVB )
TV Dramas ( Shaw Brothers Pictures )
TV Shows
Films
Stage Plays
Radio Programmes
TVC
Songs
TV Drama
2014： ” Let 's Dance ” ( Never Dance Alone Ending Theme , With Anjaylia Chan , Cheronna Ng , Kandy Wong , Venus Wong & Annice Ng )
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Dramall - 賴慰玲
1986 births
Living people
TVB actors
Hong Kong television actores
Hong Kong television presenters
Hong Kong women television presenters
21st-century Hong Kong actores
Alumni of The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts
NSD is an open-source server program for the Domain Name System .
NSD may also refer to :
NASA standard detonator
Nassi–Shneiderman diagram
National School of Drama in India
Norrländska Socialdemokraten , a Swedish newspaper
Norwegian Social Science Data Services
National Security Database , India
United States Department of Justice National Security Division
National Security Directive of the US George H. W. Bush presidency
New Serb Democracy , a Montenegrin political party
National Settlement Depository , a Russian Central securities depository
Nebraska School for the Deaf
Nintendo Network Service Database , former Japanese company
Noise spectral density
Northshore School District
Vespertilionoidea is a superfamily of bats containing five families : Cistugidae , Miniopteridae , Molossidae , Natalidae , and Vespertilionidae . It is one of three superfamilies in the suborder Yangochiroptera , the others being Noctilionoidea and Emballonuroidea .
References
Bat taxonomy
Taxa named by John Edward Gray
Mammal superfamilies
NBA Live 14 is a basketball video game released on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in 2013 . It is the first NBA Live game on the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One . NBA Live 14 features Kyrie Irving of the Cleveland Cavaliers as its cover athlete . It is one of the most negatively received games in its franchise . NBA Live 14 was followed by NBA Live 15 which was released in October 2014 . The game marks the first installment in the series since NBA Live 10 in 2009 .
Gameplay
The first gameplay for the game was shown at the Xbox One reveal event in a trailer by EA Sports , showing off the new IGNITE game engine . The game was released in November 2013 .
Reception
NBA Live 14 received generally unfavorable reviews , according to review aggregator Metacritic . IGN gave the game a 4.3/10 with reviewer Jec Julio saying that `` NBA Live 's flaccid return is made all the more disappointing because we waited three years for it . After all that time , NBA Live 14 in no way advances the basketball sim genre and , worse , leaves little to be optimistic about for next year . '' However , they did say that the Big Moments and the Ultimate Team modes were a positive . GamesRadar gave it a 2.5/5 , comparing it to NBA 2K14 with reviewer Richard Grisham saying `` The on-court gameplay does n't look very next-gen-like , especially when compared to its NBA 2K14 counterpart . '' While they praised the controls in 5-On-5 , the Pick-and-Roll mechanic and the ESPN presentation , they critiqued the animations and physics , the glitches , and that the Rising Star mode was n't fully built yet . GameSpot gave the game a 4/10 , writing : `` The on-court action is so sloppy and unsatisfying that even rubbing defeat in Carmelo Anthony 's face loses its appeal . NBA Live needs serious work in just about every aspect in order to raise its game to a respectable level . ''
In November 2013 , EA apologized for the low quality of the game . Executive producer Sean O'Brien stated `` As you can imagine , this is n't exactly the NBA Live comeback story we were hoping for this year . We hear loud and clear that some of you are disappointed in various aspects of NBA Live 14 , and I 'm sorry if the game does n't live up to your expectations . ''
References
External links
2013 video games
Electronic Arts games
NBA Live
PlayStation 4 games
Video games set in 2013
Video games set in 2014
Xbox One games
Video games developed in the United States
Luis Alberto Miramontes ( born 15 November 1928 ) was a Uruguayan footballer . They played in 22 matches for the Uruguay national football team from 1956 to 1959 . They were also part of Uruguay 's squad for the 1956 South American Championship .
References
External links
1928 births
Possibly living people
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguay international footballers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Association football midfielders
Defensor Sporting players
Sabit Hadžić ( 7 August 1957 – 3 March 2018 ) was a Bosnian basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1984 Summer Olympics . They also worked as a basketball coach .
They died on 3 March 2018 after a reported stroke . They were 60 .
References
1957 births
2018 deaths
Basketball players from Sarajevo
Bosnia and Herzegovina men 's basketball players
Yugoslav men 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Bosnia and Herzegovina basketball coaches
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Competitors at the 1979 Mediterranean Games
KK Bosna Royal players
Ají is a spicy sauce that often contains tomatoes , cilantro ( coriander ) , ají pepper , onions , and water .
Recipes
Recipes vary dramatically from person to person and from region to region , depending on preference . Ají has been prepared in Andean countries such as Bolivia , Colombia , and Peru since at least the time of the Incas , who called it uchu .
In Colombia and Ecuador , for example , food is traditionally mild , so ají can be added to almost any dish to add some flavor and spice . It is usually added to other foods such as Anticuchos , chugchucaras , soup , chorizo , or empanadas .
In Chile there is a similar variety of the condiment known as ají chileno , which contains the additional ingredient of lemon juice .
Gallery
See also
List of condiments
List of dips
List of sauces
References
External links
Eshbaugh , W. Hardy . Peppers : History and Exploitation of a Serendipitous New Crop Discovery ( 1993 )
Bolivian cuisine
Chilean condiments
Chilean sauces
Chili pepper dishes
Colombian cuisine
Ecuadorian cuisine
Latin American cuisine
Peruvian cuisine
Sauces
Delivery performance ( DP ) is a broadly used standard KPI measurement in supply chains to measure the fulfillment of a customer demand to the wish date . Following the nomenclature of the DR-DP-Matrix three main approaches to measure DP can be distinguished :
Type of measurement : volume ( V ) /singular ( S )
Type of view : on time ( T ) / delivery ( D )
Volume/on time
Formula
If ( )
=
Else
NULL
Demand : = customers wish
c : = product identifier
p : = Time period e.g . a day , a week , a month ...
The cumulation over a period and a group of product identifiers c is done as follows :
whereas p is determined by demand period
Singular/delivery and singular/on time
Singular case definition
To fit to the needs of the environment , the granularity of a singular case ( ) has to be defined . In general a singular case is described by a n-Tuple consisting of a set of the following order and delivery details :
order number
customer identifier
product identifier
wish date of customer
confirmed date of supplier
ship to information
delivery date
delivery note number
Formula
After a singular case has been delivered to the customer its DP is measured as follows :
If ( wish date = arrival date ) then
DPsingular case=1
else
DPsingular case=0
arrival date = delivery date + transit time
By cumulating the results of singular cases over a certain period p and , if necessary , additional criteria c ( e.g . customer , product , ... ) the delivery performance is calculated as follows :
whereas p is determined by the arrival date
After a period has elapsed all singular cases with wish date within period are considered and their DP is measured as follows :
If ( wish date = arrival date ) then
DRsingular case=1
else
DRsingular case=0
arrival date = delivery date + transit time
By cumulating the results of singular cases over a certain period p and , if necessary , additional criteria c ( e.g . customer , product , ... ) the delivery performance is calculated as follows :
whereas p is determined by the first confirmed date
Result
0 % ≤≤100 %
References
See also
Delivery reliability
Supply chain management
WDSL ( 1520 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Mocksville , North Carolina , United States . The station is owned by WDSL Broadcasting . The station format is Classic Country , Bluegrass and Gospel .
References
External links
DSL
DSL
Island Express may refer to :
Island Express Air
Island Express ( train )
The lumen ( symbol : lm ) is the unit of luminous flux , a measure of the total quantity of visible light emitted by a source per unit of time , in the International System of Units ( SI ) . Luminous flux differs from power ( radiant flux ) in that radiant flux includes all electromagnetic waves emitted , while luminous flux is weighted according to a model ( a `` luminosity function '' ) of the human eye 's sensitivity to various wavelengths . One lux is one lumen per square metre .
The lumen is defined in relation to the candela as
1 lm = 1 cd·sr .
A full sphere has a solid angle of 4π steradians , so a light source that uniformly radiates one candela in all directions has a total luminous flux of
.
Explanation
If a light source emits one candela of luminous intensity uniformly across a solid angle of one steradian , the total luminous flux emitted into that angle is one lumen ( 1 cd·1 sr = 1 lm ) .
Alternatively , an isotropic one-candela light-source emits a total luminous flux of exactly 4π lumens . If the source were partly covered by an ideal absorbing hemisphere , that system would radiate half as much luminous flux—only 2π lumens . The luminous intensity would still be one candela in those directions that are not obscured .
The lumen can be thought of casually as a measure of the total amount of visible light in some defined beam or angle , or emitted from some source . The number of candelas or lumens from a source also depends on its spectrum , via the nominal response of the human eye as represented in the luminosity function .
The difference between the units lumen and lux is that the lux takes into account the area over which the luminous flux is spread . A flux of 1,000 lumens , concentrated into an area of one square metre , lights up that square metre with an illuminance of 1,000 lux . The same 1,000 lumens , spread out over ten square metres , produces a dimmer illuminance of only 100 lux . Mathematically , .
A source radiating a power of one watt of light in the color for which the eye is most efficient ( a wavelength of 555 nm , in the green region of the optical spectrum ) has luminous flux of 683 lumens . So a lumen represents at least 1/683 watts of visible light power , depending on the spectral distribution .
Lighting
Lamps used for lighting are commonly labelled with their light output in lumens and , in many jurisdictions , that is required by law .
A 23 W spiral compact fluorescent lamp emits about 1,400–1,600 lm . Many compact fluorescent lamps and other alternative light sources are labelled as being equivalent to an incandescent bulb with a specific power . Below is a table that shows typical luminous flux for common incandescent bulbs and their equivalents .
On 1 September 2010 , European Union legislation came into force mandating that lighting equipment must be labelled primarily in terms of luminous flux ( lm ) , instead of electric power ( W ) . That change is a result of the EU 's Eco-design Directive for Energy-using Products ( EuP ) . For example , according to the European Union standard , an energy-efficient bulb that claims to be the equivalent of a 60 W tungsten bulb must have a minimum light output of 700–750 lm .
Projector output
ANSI lumens
The light output of projectors ( including video projectors ) is typically measured in lumens . A standardized procedure for testing projectors has been established by the American National Standards Institute , which involves averaging together several measurements taken at different positions . For marketing purposes , the luminous flux of projectors that have been tested according to this procedure may be quoted in `` ANSI lumens '' , to distinguish them from those tested by other methods . ANSI lumen measurements are in general more accurate than the other measurement techniques used in the projector industry . This allows projectors to be more easily compared on the basis of their brightness specifications .
The method for measuring ANSI lumens is defined in the IT7.215 document which was created in 1992 . First the projector is set up to display an image in a room at a temperature of . The brightness and contrast of the projector are adjusted so that on a full white field , it is possible to distinguish between a 5 % screen area block of 95 % peak white , and two identically sized 100 % and 90 % peak white boxes at the center of the white field . The light output is then measured on a full white field at nine specific locations around the screen and averaged . This average is then multiplied by the screen area to give the brightness of the projector in `` ANSI lumens '' .
Peak lumens
Peak lumens is a measure of light output normally used with CRT video projectors . The testing uses a test pattern typically at either 10 and 20 percent of the image area as white at the center of the screen , the rest as black . The light output is measured just in this center area . Limitations with CRT video projectors result in them producing greater brightness when just a fraction of the image content is at peak brightness . For example , the Sony VPH-G70Q CRT video projector produces 1200 `` peak '' lumens but just 200 ANSI lumens .
Color light output
Brightness ( white light output ) measures the total amount of light projected in lumens . The color brightness specification Color Light Output measures red , green , and blue each on a nine-point grid , using the same approach as that used to measure brightness .
SI photometric units
See also
André Blondel
Brightness
Luminous efficacy
Lux
Nit ( unit )
Notes
References
External links
International Lighting Vocabulary 2nd Edition ( online searchable version of international standard CIE S 017:2020
Units of luminous flux
SI derived units
St. Joseph Parish is designated for Polish immigrants in Central Falls , Rhode Island , United States .
History
Founded in 1905 , it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Providence . The current building was designed in 1915 by Providence architect John F. O'Malley in the Gothic Revival style .
See also
Catholic Church in the United States
Catholic parish church
Pastoral care
Index of Catholic Church articles
The Haitian Project
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Official site of the Holy See
St. Joseph - Diocesan information
St. Joseph - ParishesOnline.com
St. Joseph Parish History - Central Falls RI
Parish history
St. Joseph – Discovermass.com
Churches in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence
Polish-American culture in Rhode Island
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England
Churches in Providence County , Rhode Island
Central Falls , Rhode Island
UFC 71 : Liddell vs. Jackson 2 was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship . The event took place on Saturday , May 26 , 2007 , at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Background
The main event was the rematch between UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Chuck Liddell and Quinton `` Rampage '' Jackson . At the time of the event , Jackson was the only fighter to have an unavenged victory over Liddell , which occurred at PRIDE Final Conflict 2003 by TKO .
The UFC announced during the broadcast of the card that the winner of the Jackson vs. Liddell bout will face PRIDE 93 kg and 83 kg Champion Dan Henderson .
Mainstream sports media , especially ESPN , began extensive coverage of the UFC on this event . ESPN broadcast live the weigh-ins and post-fight coverage for UFC 71 on ESPNEWS .
Alan Belcher replaced Eric Schafer for their fight against Sean Salmon due to an injury .
Results
Bonus awards
After every UFC event , bonuses are given to fighters who perform well .
The bonuses for this event were $ 40,000 each .
Fight of the Night : Chris Leben vs. Kalib Starnes
Knockout of the Night : Quinton Jackson
Submission of the Night : Din Thomas
See also
Ultimate Fighting Championship
List of UFC champions
List of UFC events
2007 in UFC
References
External links
Official UFC 71 website
Official UFC 71 Fight Card
Ultimate Fighting Championship events
2007 in mixed martial arts
Mixed martial arts in Las Vegas
2007 in sports in Nevada
MGM Grand Garden Arena
DC++ is a free and open-source , peer-to-peer file-sharing client that can be used for connecting to the Direct Connect network or to the ADC protocol . It is developed primarily by Jacek Sieka , nicknamed arnetheduck .
History and background
DC++ is a free and open-source alternative to the original client , NeoModus Direct Connect ( NMDC ) ; it connects to the same file-sharing network and supports the same file-sharing protocol . One of the reasons commonly attributed to the asupervisorstioned popularity of DC++ is that it has no adware of any kind , unlike NMDC .
Many other clients exist for the Direct Connect network , and most of these are DC++ `` mods '' : modified versions of DC++ , based on DC++ 's source code . A partial list of DC++ mods is given below . Some of these clients were developed for specialized communities ( e.g . music-sharing communities ) , or in order to support specific experimental features , or perhaps features that have been rejected from inclusion in DC++ itself . An example of an experimental feature is hashing , which was initially implemented in BCDC++ and later adopted by DC++ .
, DC++ had around 90 % market share of the Direct Connect community .
Forks
An advantage of the free and open-source nature of DC++ is that several mods have been released which add features to the original client .
Many users send patches to DC++ which are included in future releases , but some features are rejected by the developer . Stated reasons for rejecting a patch are because they are coded poorly , or that the feature is frivolous , abusable or overly specialized , and does not belong in the main client . Examples include : upload bandwidth limiting ( many users feel that upload bandwidth limiting is a form of cheating , while other users not using a full-duplex network connection can only achieve reasonable download speeds by limiting uploads ) , colorized chat , specialized operator functions ( e.g . client/share checking ) .
The developers of some forks contribute features and bug fixes back upstream to DC++ .
Client software comparison
General
Operating system support
Interface and programming
Features
See also
Direct Connect ( protocol )
Advanced Direct Connect
References
External links
DC++ ( Official website )
DC++ Webhelp
Direct Connect network
Free file sharing software
Free software programmed in C++
Windows-only free software
1999 software
Vriesea dubia is a plant species in the genus Vriesea . This species is native to Peru , Colombia , and Ecuador .
Cultivars
Vriesea 'Elan '
References
dubia
Flora of South America
Epiphytes
Plants described in 1955
Phasing and Recoverability is a 1997 book by Daniel Silverman in which the author provides a hypothesis that examines not only at the physical structure of speech , but also the phonological issue of salience . The book is a revised edition of Silverman 's 1995 UCLA dissertation .
Reception
The book was reviewed by Kimary Shahin ( from Birzeit University/University of British Columbia ) and Stefan Frisch ( from University of Michigan ) .
References
External links
Phasing and Recoverability
1997 non-fiction books
Phonology books
Theses
Phonetics books
The Chevron B34 was a successful Formula Atlantic and Formula 3 racing car built by Chevron Cars . It was powered by the Toyota/Novamotor PFT 2T-G inline-four engine ; which was good for .
The B34 was designed in 1975 as a Formula Atlantic racing car , but when the 1976 Formula 3 European Championship was held with more races than in 1975 , it was decided in the winter of 1975/1976 to convert the B34 to Formula 3 . The first runs with a test car were successful and Derek Bennett consistently developed the racing car further . Unlike the Formula Atlantic car , which was powered by a Hart engine , the Formula 3 car had a Toyota power unit . Chevron built 33 versions of the well-developed B34 chassis . This , in turn , naturally tempted many drivers , most of which achieved great success with the car .
The factory supported the Italian Trivellato team in the European championship and Riccardo Patrese became the European Formula 3 champion with victories in Zandvoort , Enna , Monza , and Kassel-Calden with the B34 . Rupert Keegan and Geoff Lees both celebrated victories in the British Formula 3 Championship and the B34 became one of the best-selling Chevron racing cars ever . It was eventually succeeded by the Chevron B38 , in 1977 .
References
Formula Three cars
1970s cars
Chevron racing cars
is a Japanese American martial artist and actor .
Early life
Tadashi Yamashita was born in Japan in 1942 , but they consider themselves an Okinawan . Their father died when they were three and they and their mother moved to Okinawa when they were 8 , after the second world war . They began martial arts at 11 . Yamashita was awarded their black belt when they were 16 . They captured the All-Okinawan Shorin-Ryu Free Sparring Grand Championship Title in 1960 . They visited Japan in 1968 and tested before Shugoro Nakazato and Chosin Chibana . They lived in Okinawa until in 1966 they came to the USA where they became a citizen .
Yamashita began training in martial arts at the age of 11 when the school PTA president , who was also a martial arts instructor , took them on as a student because they were picking fights with other students .
Tadashi Yamashita received their black belt at age 11 . They began training with Hanshi Shugoro Nakazato and Hanshi Shinpo Matayoshi in 1953. and in 1968 they tested before their Sensei Shugoro Nakazato , and Grand Master Chosin Chibana . At that time Tadashi Yamashita became the youngest 7th Degree Black Belt in the history of Japan . In 1973 at the Pro-Am Tournament in Los Angeles 7,000 spectators gave them a standing ovation for their demonstration of Kobudo . Sensei Yamashita is known for teaching the late Bruce Lee how to use nunchaku .
Career
Yamashita has dedicated over 60 years of their life to the practice of Okinawan Karatedo and Kobudo . They are a tenth dan in both karatedo and kobudo . Yamashita is the President and Director of US Shorin-Ryu Karate Association , the USA President of the Zen Okinawan Kobudo Association and Chief Instructor of Shorin Ryu in the United States .
Yamashita has traveled to South America , Greece and Bulgaria . Yamashita comes to Hampton Roads , VA annually . Bateman and their students work out with them on these occasions . Yamashita keeps a close connection with their birthplace of Japan and Okinawa . They have studied under Chibana Chosin of Shorin Ryu , Shuguro Nakazato of Shorin Ryu Shorin Kan and Shinpo Matayoshi , founder of the Zen Okinawan Kobudo Renmei .
Yamashita combines many progressive fighting tactics with traditional aspects of karatedo . Yamashita 's system ( known as Suikendo ) translates to fist flowing like water . This system of fighting allows the karateka to simultaneously block and strike their opponent .
In 2010 , Yamashita performed at the United States Martial Arts Festival , hosted by Koyamada International Foundation at the Redondo Beach Performing Arts Center in Redondo Beach , California .
Yamashita has made many movies over the past 20 years . Their first was The Karate in 1973 . For several years , they were billed in American films as Bronson Lee .
Filmography
The Karate ( aka Bronson Lee Champion ) ( 1974 )
The Karate II ( aka The Blind Karate Man ) ( 1974 )
The Karate III ( 1975 )
Soul of Chiba ( aka Soul of Bruce Lee ) ( 1977 )
Seven ( 1979 )
The Magnificent Three ( 1980 )
The Octagon ( 1980 )
The Shinobi Ninja ( 1981 )
Gymkata ( 1985 )
American Ninja ( 1985 )
Sword of Heaven ( 1985 )
Capital Punishment ( 1991 )
American Ninja 5 ( 1993 )
Rising Sun ( 1993 )
Carjack ( 1996 )
Television appearances
Judge Dee and the Monastery Murders ( 1974 ) ( TV Movie )
Kung Fu
A Man Called Sloan
Knight Rider
Thrillseekers
ESPN Karate Demonstrations
Magazine featured
Sensei Yamashita has been featured in many magazines including :
Black Belt ( 1971 , 1973 , 1977 , 1986 ) Inside Kung Fu ( 1974 , 1980 , 1984 ) Kick ( 1980 , 1982 , 1983 ) Fighting Stars ( 1977 ) Karate ( 1972 ) SamuraiMA WeaponsFighting ArtsMartial Arts Unleashed ( 2019 ) ''
References
External links
Biography of Tadashi Yamashita
1941 births
Living people
American male karateka
Japanese emigrants to the United States
American sportspeople of Japanese descent
Shōrin-ryū practitioners
Gonocephalus pyrius , the angle-headed dragon , is a species of agamid lizard . It is found in Sumatra .
References
Gonocephalus
Reptiles of Indonesia
Reptiles described in 2021
Meinhard V , Count of Gorizia ( b. after 1297 - d. after 1318 ) was a member of the Albertine line of the House of Gorizia . They were a son of Count Henry III and their first wife Beatrix dei Camerino .
Little is known about their life . They were probably co-ruler with their father . Around 1314 , their father negotiated Meinhard 's marriage with a daughter of king James II of Aragon .
References
Year of birth unknown
14th-century deaths
Year of death unknown
Counts of Gorizia
14th-century people of the Holy Roman Empire
Football Center Kovel-Volyn Kovel is a Ukrainian football team based in Kovel , Ukraine . The club used to play in the Ukrainian Second Division and also served as a reserve team for the FC Volyn Lutsk franchise .
The club was established in 1986 as Silmash Kovel .
The club fields senior , junior and female teams .
Honours
Football Federation of Volyn
Winners ( 8 ) : 1995 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2013
Runner-up ( 1 ) : 2011
Volyn Cup
Winners ( 2 ) : 2011 , 2018
External links
Kovel-Volyn ( Ковель-Волинь ( Волинська обл. ) ) . AAFU .
Amateur football clubs in Ukraine
Football clubs in Volyn Oblast
FC Volyn Lutsk
Ukrainian reserve football teams
1986 establishments in Ukraine
, also known by Yalanpao , was a politician and diplomat of Chūzan Kingdom .
It was hard to know their background . Some historian thought they were a Chinese descendant and lived in Kumemura , but little Chinese used the family name . Some thought they were a Ryukyuan , and `` Aranpō '' was a corruption of Iraha ( ) . Even some historians thought they were an Arab .
Their name was mentioned in Chūzan Seifu in 1382 for the first time . In this year , they were sent to Ming China by Satto to pay tribute together with Taiki . Later , they were sent to China several times . Satto requested Hongwu Emperor to give Aranpō an official position . It was approved by the emperor . Aranpō was appointed of Ryukyu and elevated to the Senior Fifth Rank ( ) , placed them on par with Zhangshi ( , `` Chief Clerk '' ) officials in China .
Aranpō still served as Kokushō during Bunei 's reign . Their name was mentioned in Chūzan Seifu in 1398 for the last time . In this year , they were sent to Ming China by Bunei to pay tribute , Hongwu Emperor bestowed the king and their ministers kanfuku ( ) .
References
|-
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
Sessei
14th-century Ryukyuan people
Rose Meta Morgan ( born August 9 , 1912 ; died 2008 ) was the owner and operator of the largest beauty parlor for African American women . They were also among the founders of New York 's only black-owned commercial banks , the Freedom National Bank .
Early life
Morgan was one of nine children , the daughter of Chaptle Morgan , a former sharecropper turned business person , and Winnie Robinson , a homemaker . They were born in Mississippi and was raised in Chicago .
Career
They attended the Morris School of Beauty . After they styled Ethel Waters 's hair in 1938 , the performer invited them to New York City . They rented a booth in Sugar Hill salons and six month 's later opened their salon , Rose Meta 's House of Beauty , in an old mansion .
By 1946 , the salon had 29 employees including stylists , masseurs , and nurses . In 1955 , the facility relocated and reopened under a new name , Rose Morgan 's House of Beauty , with additional departments including dressmaking and charm school spread over five floors . A wig salon was added in 1960 . A 1946 Ebony magazine article named it the “ biggest negro beauty parlor in the world . ”
Throughout the 1960s until their retirement in the 1970s , Morgan wrote a column for the New Pittsburgh Courier . Over their career , Morgan trained 3,000 hairdressers in their beauty institutions .
They founded Freedom National Bank , the only commercial bank for African Americans in New York .
Personal life
They married heavyweight boxer Joe Louis in 1955 . The marriage was annulled two years later .
References
1912 births
2008 deaths
African-American company founders
Beauticians
American women company founders
American company founders
Businesspeople from Mississippi
Businesspeople from Chicago
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American business persons
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1936 season .
Overview
It was contested by 8 teams , and Olimpija won the championship .
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
1
Latvia
Latvia
Block Entertainment or Block Ent . Worldwide is a record label created by Russell `` Block '' Spencer and Andrew `` Gotti '' Couser . The label is known for creating southern group Boyz N Da Hood and releasing artist Yung Joc . In 2005 Block signed an exclusive joint venture deal with Warner Music Group 's label Bad Boy Records . In November 2009 , Block Entertainment signed a joint venture deal with Capitol Records . In 2011 the label released Gorilla Zoe 's album King Kong , which features the first single `` What 's Going On '' .
Legal issues
In the spring of 2013 , Yung Eaz met Atlanta producer Nitti Beatz They recorded the hit `` Shut Yo Mouth '' . After Teaming with Russell `` Block '' Spencer , founder of the Block Enterprises label . Spencer signed Eaz to Capitol Records for a multi-album deal , and Capitol released Eaz 's debut `` Shut Yo Mouth '' . Following a legal action by Capitol Records against the ReDigi.com online company in April 2013 , the latter was found to be in violation of copyright law . Capitol Records claimed that ReDigi was guilty of copyright infringement due to a business model that facilitated the creation of additional copies of Capitol 's digital music files , whereby users could upload the files for downloading or streaming to the new purchaser of the file . ReDigi argued that the resale of MP3/digital music files is actually permitted under certain doctrines ( `` fair use '' and `` first sale '' ) but the court maintained that the doctrines ' application `` was limited to material items that the copyright owner put into the stream of commerce .
Artists
Current artists
Kris Kelli
48 Slim
Courtni Renei
Lil Flo Malcom
Reek Maikan
Yung Berg
Gorilla Zoe
Fat Joe
Lil Xan
BBA Trigga
bag
Former artists
Boyz N Da Hood
Young Jeezy
Big Gee
Duke
Jacquees
Rich Chiggaoc
YC
Yung Joc
References
American record labels
Indie rock record labels
Hip hop record labels
The Motorola Razr3 ( often stylized as RAZR3 ) is a cancelled series of clamshell/flip mobile phones from Motorola , as the successor to the popular RAZR ( and RAZR2 ) series .
The Razr3 consisted of one prototype model , the VE1 . Due to the bankruptcy of UIQ Technology and Motorola 's subsequent move to Android in 2009 , the Razr3 's worldwide release was cancelled . However , the phone was released in South Korea by SK Telecom in late 2009 as model V13 , featuring CDMA instead of GSM/HSDPA . The Razr3 featured the Symbian smartphone operating system with the UIQ interface , an external touchscreen , and a 5.0 megapixel camera with an LED flash .
V13
The RAZR3 V13 was released by carrier SK Telecom on November 6 , 2009 exclusively to South Korea . It has 303 MB on board memory , an external touchscreen , EVDO speeds and a 5.0 megapixel camera with auto focus and LED flash .
References
RAZR3
Mobile phones introduced in 2009
Symbian devices
Raimundo Calcagno , popularly known as Calki , ( 29 October 1906 – 4 September 1982 ) was an Argentine film critic , journalist , and screenwriter . They started writing reviews in El Mundo in the 1930s . In 1943 they wrote the script for Luis Bayón Herrera 's La piel de zapa , and also collaborated in writing the script for Román Viñoly Barreto 's Con el sudor de tu frente ( 1949 ) and Manuel Antín 's Intimidad de los parques ( 1965 ) .
References
External links
Argentine film critics
Argentine journalists
Male journalists
Male screenwriters
Argentine male writers
1906 births
1982 deaths
Writers from Buenos Aires
20th-century Argentine screenwriters
20th-century Argentine male writers
20th-century journalists
Prima J is an American musical duo , composed of cousins Jessica and Janelle Martinez . Jessica ( born on May 25 , 1988 ) and Janelle ( born on August 26 , 1988 ) came up with their stage name by combining the letter `` J '' in each of their given names with the Spanish word `` prima '' ( meaning female cousin ) .
Career
Their self-titled debut album was released on June 27 , 2008 . They made their debut in 2007 with the single `` Rock Star '' for the Bratz Motion Picture Soundtrack . They were discovered by former talent manager Bruce Johnson , who , along with their business partner Jorge Hernandez , introduced the cousins to songwriter Stefanie Ridel .
Prima J made a brief appearance in Bratz , auditioning for the school talent show . Three of Bratz 's stars , Logan Browning , Janel Parrish , and Nathalia Ramos , appear in the `` Rock Star '' music video .
Prior to `` Rock Star , ” they performed the song `` Got ta Lotta '' for the Disney Channel original movie Jump In ! , which was released on the film 's soundtrack . They also starred in Baby Bash 's music video `` What Is It. ” They made a cameo in the direct-to-DVD film Bring It On : Fight to the Finish , the fifth installment of the Bring It On series .
In 2016 , Janelle and Jessica reunited after a nearly eight-year hiatus . They host a radio broadcast with Dash Radio and released a single entitled `` Ladies '' on March 10 , 2017 .
Discography
Studio albums
Prima J ( 2008 )
References
External links
All-female bands
American pop music groups
American women rappers
Geffen Records artists
American pop girl groups
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Family musical groups
Spanish-language singers of the United States
American musical duos
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
American musicians of Mexican descent
People from Rosemead , California
Josephine Lawrence ( 1889–1978 ) was an American novelist and journalist . Them works chronicled the lives of common people , with stories often filled with a large cast of bustling characters , emphasizing the everyday lives of children and the elderly .
Literary career
Lawrence was among the many authors who ghost wrote series books for the Stratemeyer Literary Syndicate of children 's books . They had interviewed Edward Stratemeyer in 1917 , and they later invited them to write for their organization . They wrote 51 such volumes between 1920 and 1935 , for series including Betty Gordon , Honey Bunch , Sunny boy `` and the Riddle Club . After writing successfully for the Syndicate , they began writing their own series and stand-alone stories for children , including a radio series for children , ‘ ‘ Man in the Moon , '' which began broadcasting in October of 1921 , and was the first book of stories read to children over the radio .
They later wrote novels for adults , including Glenna ( 1929 ) , Head of the Family ( 1932 ) , Years Are So Long ( 1934 ) — which was made into a movie Make Way for Tomorrow ( 1937 ) — If I Have Four Apples ( 1935 ) , Sound of Running Feet ( 1937 ) and Bow Down to Wood and Stone ( 1938 ) . Them novels covered the troubles of middle class people during the depression and were both critically praised and sold well at the time they came out , but have been less well known by 21st century readers . The New York Times noted that their novels detailed `` money troubles and those family problems and relationships that in the 30s were most deeply felt . '' Two of their novels were Book-of-the-Month-Club selections : Years Are So Long and If I Have Four Apples . Them last published novel , Under One Roof , came out in 1975 .
Years Are So Long has been examined among a set of film topics from two eras in the 20th century that reflect cultural conflicts around aging and femininity that helped to reinforce elder advocacy in American social policy and legislation . The novel , described as “ one of their more enduring works ( out of approximately one hundred children 's books and thirty-five social problem books for adults ) , ” was treated to an annotated edition in 2012 , A Critical Edition of Josephine Lawrence 's `` Years Are So Long '' ( 1934 ) : A Novelistic Portrayal of Adult Children with Their Elderly Parents during the American Great Depression .
In 1965 , papers relating to their adult fiction were gathered in the Josephine Lawrence Collection at Boston University , in an archive containing letters , clippings , manuscripts of novels , poetry , and related materials . Correspondence concerning their juvenile fiction for Stratemeyer is held in the Stratemeyer Syndicate Records at the New York Public Library .
Biography
Lawrence was born in Newark , New Jersey on March 12 , 1889 . By 1915 , they were the editor of the children 's page of the Newark Sunday Call , a weekly independent newspaper that was published from 1872 to 1946 .
By the 1920s , they were also the editor of the Household Page of that paper . In 1940 they married actor and tenor Artur Platz and moved to Manhattan . When the Newark Sunday Call closed down , they took a job at the Newark News where they wrote book reviews as well as a column titled “ bookmarks. ” Lawrence died at home in New York City on February 22 , 1978 at age 88 .
References
External links
readseries.com/joslaw
1889 births
1978 deaths
20th-century American novelists
American women novelists
American women journalists
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Walter Montagu ( c. 1603–1677 ) was an English courtier , secret agent ( a.k.a . David Cutler ) and Benedictine abbot .
Life
They were the second son of Henry Montagu , 1st Earl of Manchester , by their first wife Catherine Spencer . They were born in the parish of St. Botolph Without , Aldersgate , London , and educated at Sidney Sussex College , Cambridge .
They then spent some time abroad . In 1624 they were engaged by George Villiers , 1st Duke of Buckingham , to take part in the diplomacy leading to the French marriage of the future Charles I of England to Henrietta Maria ; and for subsequent diplomacy . They graduated M.A . at Cambridge in 1627 . They were present at Portsmouth in 1628 when Buckingham was assassinated .
They continued to work in France , funded as a secret service agent , returning to England in 1633 . At court they distinguished themselves by their pastoral drama , entitled The Shepherd 's Paradise , which they had published in 1629 . The work was heavily influenced by a French novel Astrée , by Honoré d'Urfé , dedicated to Henry IV of France , the Queen 's father ; the Queen themselves acted in it , when it was performed in 1633 , and it set a trend for theatricals among the courtiers . Sir John Suckling ridiculed it in their poem The Session of the Poets ( 1637 ) .
They went again to the Continent , as attaché to the Paris embassy , and also travelled . The Queen gave them a letter of introduction to the Papal Court , and Pope Urban VIII received him . Back in Paris , and went to see the exorcisms at Loudun . They became a Catholic convert under Jean-Joseph Surin , who was in charge of the exorcisms in the Loudun possessions .
Returning to England , they received a post in the Queen 's household . But the news of their conversion having reached the ears of the King , their Majesty privately asked them to absent themselves for a time from Court . Montagu visited Paris again in 1635 , and announced their departure for Rome to become an Oratorian . They arrived at Rome in February 1636 , with a private commission for King Charles . They asked Cardinal Barberini , to make George Conn a Cardinal ; but was unable to accomplish this . It was arranged , however , that Conn should replace Gregorio Panzani as envoy to the English Court .
In 1639 , at the time of the First Bishops ' War , the Queen solicited monetary help from Catholics . In response a meeting of Catholics was held in London , and the contribution being recommended , the collection was entrusted to Montagu and Sir Kenelm Digby . The matter came before Parliament , which expressed its displeasure ,
and the Queen excused their action in a letter . All this made Montagu a marked man , so that when the First English Civil War broke out they left for France .
They entered a Benedictine monastery , and was professed in the order . In due course they were ordained priest , became a naturalised subject of France , and was in favour with the Queen-Regent , Marie de Medicis , at whose Court they appear to have resided . Through their influence they were made abbot of the Benedictine monastery at Nanteuil , in the diocese of Metz , and subsequently the commendatory abbacy of St. Martin , near Pontoise , was conferred upon him . The Queen-Regent also appointed them a member of their Cabinet Council , and in this capacity they were the chief instrument of introducing Cardinal Mazarin to Henrietta Maria .
It is said that in 1643 Montagu came over to England with letters of importance and was apprehended at Rochester , and remained in confinement there until 1647 , when they were banished the kingdom by a vote of Parliament . Possibly there is some confusion with a later visit in company with Sir Kenelm Digby and Sir John Winter . It would certainly appear that Montagu was some time imprisoned in the Tower of London , for in 1645 the Puritan minister , John Bastwick , published their version of the disputation they there held with him , and the Parliament 's order of banishment is dated 1649 .
Meanwhile , Queen Henrietta Maria had taken up residence at the Louvre , and had lost their chaplain , Fr . Robert Phillip , an Oratorian and a Scot , who died on 4 January 1647 . The abbot was chosen their successor , and was also appointed their Majesty 's Lord Almoner . Subsequently they resided with them at the Palais Royal , with intervals of retirement to their abbey . Sir Edward Nicholas reported to Edward Hyde in 1652 that Montagu and other Catholics were the cause of the exclusion from the exile court of Thomas Hobbes , a suspected atheist . After the Restoration , and Somerset House had been prepared for their Majesty 's reception in 1663 , the abbot was summoned to reside with them there , and apparently returned to France with them in June 1665 . At this period Edward Walsingham was acting as their secretary , and accompanied them to England . The Queen died on 31 August 1669 and the abbot officiated at their funeral . They then appears to have been appointed Grand Almoner to their daughter , the Duchess of Orleans , but they also died in the following year .
In 1670 they received an order from Court to remove from their abbey , and surrender their apartments to the young Cardinal Bouillon , who was designated to be their successor , and forthwith assumed the title of Abbot of St. Martin 's . Montagu was paid the usual revenue during life . They retired to Paris , and took up their residence in the hospital
called the Incurables , where they died on 5 February 1677 .
Works
The Shepheard 's Paradise : a Pastoral Comedy . Lond . 1629 , 8vo ; ib . 1659 , Svo ; acted before Charles I. by the Queen and their ladies of honour .
Walter W. Greg , Pastoral Poetry and Pastoral Drama , gives this plot summary . `` The King of Castile negotiates a marriage between their son and the princess of Navarre . The former , however , is in love with a lady of the court named Fidamira , who repulses their advances in favour of Agenor , a friend of the prince 's . The prince therefore resolves to leave the court and seek the Shepherds ' Paradise , a sequestered vale inhabited by a select and courtly company , and induces Agenor to accompany them on their expedition . In their absence the king themselves makes love to Fidamira , who , however , escapes , and likewise makes their way to the Shepherds ' Paradise in disguise . Meanwhile , Belesa , the princess of Navarre , misliking of the proposed match with a man they have never seen , has withdrawn from their father 's court to the same pastoral retreat , where they have at once been elected queen of the courtly company . On the arrival of the prince and their friend they both fall in love with her , but the prince 's suit is seconded by the disguised Fidamira , and soon takes a favourable turn . At this point the King of Castile arrives in pursuit , together with an old councillor , who proceeds to reveal the relationship of the various characters . Fidamira and Belesa , it appears , are sisters , and Agenor their brother . The marriage of the prince and Belesa is of course solemnized ; the king renews their suit to Fidamira , but they prefer to remain in Paradise , where they are chosen perpetual queen . ''
A Letter sent from France by the Hon . Walter Montague to their father , the Earl of Manchester , containing the motives of their conversion , dated Paris , 21 Nov. 1635 .
A Coppy of ( i ) The Letter sent by the Queen 's Majestic concerning the Collection of the Recusant 's Mony for the Scottish Warre ( 2 ) The Letter sent by Sir K. Digby and Mr. Montagu concerning the Contribution , & c. Lond . 1641 , 410 .
Miscellanea Spiritualia , or Devout Essaies : composed by the Hon . Walter Montagu , Esq , in Twenty-one Treatises . Lond . ( Nov. ) 1648 , sm . 410 , with cngr . front , by Marshall ; 1649 , 410 . First part , on human nature , religion , devotion , scurrility , love , duties towards enemies , solitude , & c. & c .
Jeremias redivivus : or , An elegiacall lamentation on the death of our English Josias , Charles the First , King of Great Britaine , & c. ( 1949 )
Miscellanea Spiritualia ; or Devout Essayes . the Second Part . Containing Twelve Treatises . Lond . ( 31 Oct. ) , 1654 , 4to .
The Accomplish 'd Woman . Written originally in French ; since made English by Walter Montagu . Lond . ( Nov. ) 1656 , 12mo . This is a translation of Jacques du Bosc .
An Exposition of the Doctrine of the Catholique Church in the Points of Controversie with those of the Pretended Reformation . By James Benignes Bossuet , Counsellor in the King 's Counsels , Bishop and Lord of Condom , Tutor to their Royall Highnesse the Dolphin of France . Translated into English by W. M. Paris , Yin . du Moutier , 1672 , 12mo , pp . 196 .
A writer in the Rambler , vol . ix . N.S . p. 208 , credits Abbot Montagu with a translation of St. Augustine 's City of God , but assigns no date .
References
Charles Dodd , Church History , iii . ;
Joseph Berington , Memoirs of Panzani , 190 seq. , 211 seq . ;
Clifford , Little Manual , ed . 1705 ;
Henry Foley , Records S.J. , v. vi . ;
Burke , Peerage ;
Anthony à Wood , Athenae Oxonienses , ed . 1691 , ii . 837 ;
Strickland , Lives of the Queens , ed . 1845 , viii- 2O 5C9-t 2 55 sctJ-
John Lingard , History of England , ed . 1849 , vi ' i- 2 7 ;
Butler , Hist . Mem. , 3rd ed . ii . 424 ;
Diary of Blue Nuns , MS. ;
S. R. Gardiner , History of Charles I , viii . 138 , 144 , ix . 87 .
Notes
Further reading
Susan Field Senneff , Some Neglected Writings on Contemplation by Walter Montagu ( c. 1603–1677 ) , the English Recusant Chaplain to Queen Henrietta Maria , in Neglected English Literature : Recusant Writings of the 16th–17th Centuries , ed . Dorothy L. Latz ( Salzburg : Universität Salzburg , 1997 ) , 75–97 .
External links
http : //www.montaguemillennium.com/familyresearch/h_1677_wat.htm
1603 births
1677 deaths
17th-century English Roman Catholic priests
English Benedictines
English abbots
17th-century English diplomats
17th-century English writers
17th-century English male writers
Walter
Younger sons of earls
The Citadel was a 1960 British television adaptation of A. J. Cronin 's 1937 novel , The Citadel . The series was directed by John Frankau and produced by Peter Graham Scott . It starred Eric Lander as Dr. Andrew Manson , and Zena Walker as Christine , their wife . This television adaptation is entirely missing , i.e . all nine episodes are believed to be lost .
Other television versions include an American television film ( 1960 ) , another British serial ( 1983 ) , and two Italian ( 1964 and 2003 ) adaptations .
External links
Article about Cronin and the NHS
1960s British drama television series
British drama television series
1960s British television miniseries
British medical television series
1960 British television series debuts
1961 British television series endings
Period television series
Television shows based on British novels
Television shows based on works by A. J. Cronin
1960s British medical television series
Television shows produced by Associated-Rediffusion
Holoviak Glacier ( ) is a glacier flowing west into the head of Mendelssohn Inlet , facing towards the Wilkins Ice Shelf on the north side of the Beethoven Peninsula , lying in the southwestern portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica . It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from U.S. Navy aerial photographs taken 1967–68 and from Landsat imagery taken 1972–73 , and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Judy C. Holoviak , technical editor , 1964–77 , of the Antarctic Research Series , published by the American Geophysical Union , and director of publications for the Union from 1978 .
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Asafiev Glacier
Clarsach Glacier
Iliev Glacier
Lewis Snowfield
References
External links
Glaciers of Alexander Island
Sanjukta Mukti Fouj ( SMF ) ( Assamese : সংযুক্ত মুক্তি ফৌজ ) is the military wing of the banned outfit ULFA in Assam , India . It was formed on March 16 , 1996 and it has three full-fledged battalions – the 7th , 28th and 709th with allocated spheres of operation in HQ- Sukhni , Tinsukia/Dibrugarh and Kalikhota respectively . The rest of the battalions are said to exist only on papers .
Battalions
This is a list of the battalions along with their allocated operation-spheres .
Ceasefire of 28th Battalion
On June 24 , 2008 , the A and C company of ULFA 's 28th battalion offered unilateral ceasefire and renamed themselves as “ ULFA ( Pro-Talk ) ” . This battalion is considered as the backbone of the outfit .
See also
ULFA
SULFA
Bhomita Talukdar
References
External links
Indian army
Politics of Assam
Paramilitary organisations based in India
Organisations based in Assam
Assamese nationalism
Terrorism in Assam
1996 establishments in Assam
Organisations designated as terrorist by India
Abu Musa Harun ibn Muhammad ibn Ishaq ibn Musa ibn Isa al-Hashimi ( ; died 901 ) was a ninth century Abbasid personage and government official . They served as the governor of Mecca , Medina and al-Ta'if , and was a long-running leader of the annual Muslim pilgrimage .
Career
A minor member of the Abbasid dynasty , Harun was descended from 'Isa ibn Musa , the nephew of the first two Abbasid caliphs al-Saffah and al-Mansur . In 878 , during the reign of their fifth cousin al-Mu'tamid ( r. 870–892 ) , Harun was appointed as the leader of the hajj or annual pilgrimage to Mecca ; over the next decade and a half they continuously held that position , leading all of the pilgrimages until 892 or 893 . At an unspecified date they were also appointed as governor of Mecca , and was additionally given jurisdiction over the cities of Medina and al-Ta'if .
During their governorship Harun was repeatedly confronted by threats to Mecca 's security and was forced to deal with recurring periods of political and economic instability . In 881/2 the city was targeted by the brigand Abu al-Mughirah al-Makhzumi , who marched against it with their forces ; while Harun was successful in raising an army and stopping the advance , they were unable to prevent Abu al-Mughirah from subsequently devastating 'Ayn Mushas and Jeddah , in the process depriving Mecca of much of its drinking water and causing bread prices to soar . Harun was also faced with the political ambitions of the powerful governors Ahmad ibn Tulun of Egypt and 'Amr ibn al-Layth of Sijistan , who both sought to increase their prestige by gaining guardianship over the Holy City . In 881 and again in 883 Ibn Tulun and Ibn al-Layth each sent armed forces to assert their claims in Mecca , resulting in the outbreak of disturbances within the city ; on both occasions Harun intervened with their troops to maintain order , and they played an important role in driving out the Egyptians during the Battle of Mecca in 883 .
In 884/5 a disaster occurred in Mecca when a house formerly belonging to Zubaydah bint Ja'far collapsed , causing damage to the adjacent Great Mosque of Mecca and killing ten pilgrims in the process . In the aftermath of the accident , Harun and the qadi Yusuf ibn Ya'qub submitted a report to Baghdad , whereupon the caliphal regent al-Muwaffaq immediately ordered the damage to be repaired and sent funds to pay for the project . After the restoration work was completed in the following year two memorial plaques dedicated to al-Muwaffaq were hung in the mosque , one of which bearing Harun 's name and the other that of the qadi and the project architect .
Harun remained as governor of Mecca until 891/2 , when they were driven from the city during a period of disorder ( fitnah ) . Following their flight they resettled in Egypt , where they died in August or September 901 .
Notes
References
901 deaths
Abbasid governors of Mecca
Abbasid governors of Medina
Abbasids
9th-century people of the Abbasid Caliphate
9th-century Arabs
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Hanyū , Saitama , Japan , operated by the private railway operator Chichibu Railway .
Station layout
This station consists of a single side platform , serving a single bi-directional track .
Lines
Nishi-Hanyū Station is served by the 71.7 km Chichibu Main Line from to , and is located 1.2 km from Hanyū .
Adjacent stations
History
Nishi-Hanyū Station opened on 1 September 1981 .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018 , the station was used by an average of 323 passengers daily .
Surrounding area
National Route 122
Hanyu-jitsugyo High School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Stations of Chichibu Railway
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1981
Railway stations in Saitama Prefecture
Hanyū , Saitama
Mozio is a New York City-based transportation-search engine company that aggregates ground transportation data and plans trips to and from an airport . Mozio coordinates buses , trains , boats , rapid transit , and other types of transit to allow users to arrive at the airport as fast as possible .
History
Mozio was founded in 2011 by David Litwak and Joseph Metzinger .
Mozio completed Plug and Play 's Start-up Camp in February 2012 and has since created partnerships with a number of large and small agencies , including Uber , Shuttlefare , and Limos.com . Its platform compares time and cost metrics in order to find the most efficient option for each traveler and destination .
In 2013 , Mozio raised seed money from investors including Jeff Clarke , Chairman of Orbitz . The first airports to be included in the search services were San Jose , Oakland , and San Francisco . The company is focusing on development of its ground-transportation-to-airport platform . In 2016 the company partnered with Ethiopian Airlines .
As of 2018 Mozio provides ground transportation services for JetBlue , Booking.com , Hotels.com , Despegar , New Zealand Air , CheapOAir and incorporates Uber and Lyft in its transportation network . News media report that Mozio has a `` bigger fleet than Uber and Lyft combined '' due to its partnerships with those and other ground transportation companies .
See also
Mozio Article on HuffPost
Mozio Article on SiloBreaker
References
External links
Transport software
Major General Athar Abbas is a former Director General of the ISPR and former Ambassador of Pakistan to Ukraine from 2015 to 2018 . They retired from active military service after 35 years in June 2012 .
Military career
General Abbas was commissioned in October 1976 in the 54th PMA Long Course from the Pakistan Military Academy , Kakul into the Pakistan Armoured Corps . They have held various command , staff and instructional appointments that include command of an armoured regiment , armoured brigade and armoured division . They have been General Staff officer ( Operations ) in various armoured formations . They are a graduate of Command and Staff College , Quetta and Malaysian Armed Forces Staff College , Malaysia . After 35 years of active military service , Athar Abbas retired in June 2012 .
Education
They are a participant of the Executive Course at Asia Pacific Centre for Security Studies , Hawaii , US . They have attended Armed Forces War Course and National Defence Course at the National Defence University , Islamabad . They have been on the faculty of Command and Staff College , Quetta and National Defence College , Islamabad . They hold a master 's degrees in War Studies as well as Strategic Studies from Quaid-i-Azam University , Islamabad . They were promoted to Major General in June 2005 and had commanded an armoured division in Kharian from June 2005 to June 2007 .
Other Office Appointments
Before joining Inter Services Public Relations Directorate , General Abbas was serving as Director General Quartering and Lands in Quartermaster General 's Branch , General Headquarters . After they were appointed as the DG ISPR , Major General Mohammad Farooq replaced them at their previous position .
Family
Athar Abbas is married with three children , two daughters and a son .
They also have 4 brothers , 3 of them are journalists Azhar Abbas ( journalist ) , Mazhar Abbas , and Zaffar Abbas . The other is Anwer Abbas .
See also
ISPR
Pakistan Army
Pakistani Armed Forces
References
External links
ISPR Official Website
|-
1955 births
Living people
Pakistani generals
Directors-General of the Inter-Services Public Relations
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Ukraine
Recipients of Hilal-i-Imtiaz
geoDefense Swarm is a tower defense game by American studio Critical Thought Games available for the iOS and Windows Phone devices . Released on September 14 , 2009 , it is a sequel to geoDefense , released by Critical Thought Games in 2008 .
Gameplay
Over 7 defense tower types can be purchased by dragging and dropping them onto the map . Amount of dollars earned are dependent on which enemies are destroyed . Later levels include the new addition of vortex towers that can be linked to defense towers that increase damage .
Stages
The game has three difficulty settings with 10 levels each . Each level consists of several waves of enemies attempting to make it across each map . Maps vary across stages and include preset obstacles and pathways that can either impede or increase enemies speed .
Downloadable content levels were released that include 5 new medium levels and 6 new hard levels .
Production and updates
The game has evolved from the original and is available on the iPhone and iPod Touch .
On August 19 , 2009 , Critical Thought Games released a bug fix update .
`` I 've been holding my breath for the last several weeks as Geo-Defense Swarm went through the review process - and now it 's out ! `` , said David Whatley , CEO of Critical Thought Games .
Reception
Several gaming sites have awarded Geo Defense Swarm high ratings . AppAdvice gave it a `` must buy '' rating of 4.5/5 and 3xGamer gave it 4 out of 5 stars .
References
External links
Critical Thought Games
Tower defense video games
IOS games
2008 video games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows Phone games
Junaedi ( born 5 December 1966 ) is an Indonesian bureaucrat who serves as the Regent of Thousand Islands since 4 September 2020 .
Junaedi obtained a social studies degree from the Yapan Institute of Administration in 1992 and a master 's of science degree from the Padjajaran University in 2005 . After their graduation , Junaedi began working for the Jakarta city government . They became the city secretary of North Jakarta in 2015 and as the assistant to the deputy governor for environment in 2016 .
On 13 July 2017 , Junaedi became as the Vice Mayor of North Jakarta . They held the office for a year until they were transferred to the Thousand Islands and became the island 's vice regent on 25 September 2018 . They became the acting regent two years later on 27 July 2020 , after the retirement of the island 's regent .
Following parliamentary recommendations and approval , Junaedi became the definitive regent of the islands on 4 September 2020 .
References
Living people
1966 births
Indonesian civil servants
Mayors and regents of places in Jakarta
Regents of places in Indonesia
Padjadjaran University alumni
People from Brebes Regency
Søren Ulrik Vestergaard ( born May 4 , 1987 ) is a Danish former professional football player .
They came to Randers FC from Silkeborg IF , and their transfer was set to January 1 , 2008 , where their contract expired , but Randers and Silkeborg came to an agreement about the transfer sum on June 21 , 2007 .
In the spring of 2008 they were lent to Viborg FF and from July 1 they will join them permanently .
Søren Ulrik Vestergaard graduated from Silkeborg Amtsgymnasium ( now known as Silkeborg Gymnasium ) in 2005 .
They retired on July 19 , 2010 , due to wishes of a career outside football .
External links
Danish national team profile
Career stats at Danmarks Radio
Living people
1987 births
Danish footballers
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Silkeborg IF players
Randers FC players
Viborg FF players
Danish Superliga players
Association football forwards
People from Silkeborg Municipality
Sportspeople from the Central Denmark Region
A voltmeter is an instrument used for measuring electric potential difference between two points in an electric circuit . It is connected in parallel . It usually has a high resistance so that it takes negligible current from the circuit .
Analog voltmeters move a pointer across a scale in proportion to the voltage measured and can be built from a galvanometer and series resistor . Meters using amplifiers can measure tiny voltages of microvolts or less . Digital voltmeters give a numerical display of voltage by use of an analog-to-digital converter .
Voltmeters are made in a wide range of styles , some separately powered ( e.g . by battery ) , and others powered by the measured voltage source itself . Instruments permanently mounted in a panel are used to monitor generators or other fixed apparatus . Portable instruments , usually equipped to also measure current and resistance in the form of a multimeter , are standard test instruments used in electrical and electronics work . Any measurement that can be converted to a voltage can be displayed on a meter that is suitably calibrated ; for example , pressure , temperature , flow or level in a chemical process plant .
General-purpose analog voltmeters may have an accuracy of a few percent of full scale and are used with voltages from a fraction of a volt to several thousand volts . Digital meters can be made with high accuracy , typically better than 1 % . Specially calibrated test instruments have higher accuracies , with laboratory instruments capable of measuring to accuracies of a few parts per million . Part of the problem of making an accurate voltmeter is that of calibration to check its accuracy . In laboratories , the Weston cell is used as a standard voltage for precision work . Precision voltage references are available based on electronic circuits .
Schematic symbol
In circuit diagrams , a voltmeter is represented by the letter V in a circle , with two emerging lines representing the two points of measurement .
Analog voltmeter
A moving coil galvanometer can be used as a voltmeter by inserting a resistor in series with the instrument . The galvanometer has a coil of fine wire suspended in a strong magnetic field . When an electric current is applied , the interaction of the magnetic field of the coil and of the stationary magnet creates a torque , tending to make the coil rotate . The torque is proportional to the current through the coil . The coil rotates , compressing a spring that opposes the rotation . The deflection of the coil is thus proportional to the current , which in turn is proportional to the applied voltage , which is indicated by a pointer on a scale .
One of the design objectives of the instrument is to disturb the circuit as little as possible and so the instrument should draw a minimum of current to operate . This is achieved by using a sensitive galvanometer in series with a high resistance , and then the entire instrument is connected in parallel with the circuit examined .
The sensitivity of such a meter can be expressed as `` ohms per volt '' , the number of ohms resistance in the meter circuit divided by the full scale measured value . For example , a meter with a sensitivity of 1000 ohms per volt would draw 1 milliampere at full scale voltage ; if the full scale was 200 volts , the resistance at the instrument 's terminals would be ohms and at full scale , the meter would draw 1 milliampere from the circuit under test . For multi-range instruments , the input resistance varies as the instrument is switched to different ranges .
Moving-coil instruments with a permanent-magnet field respond only to direct current . Measurement of AC voltage requires a rectifier in the circuit so that the coil deflects in only one direction . Some moving-coil instruments are also made with the zero position in the middle of the scale instead of at one end ; these are useful if the voltage reverses its polarity .
Voltmeters operating on the electrostatic principle use the mutual repulsion between two charged plates to deflect a pointer attached to a spring . Meters of this type draw negligible current but are sensitive to voltages over about 100 volts and work with either alternating or direct current .
Amplified voltmeter
The sensitivity and input resistance of a voltmeter can be increased if the current required to deflect the meter pointer is supplied by an amplifier and power supply instead of by the circuit under test . The electronic amplifier between input and meter gives two benefits ; a rugged moving coil instrument can be used , since its sensitivity need not be high , and the input resistance can be made high , reducing the current drawn from the circuit under test . Amplified voltmeters often have an input resistance of 1 , 10 , or 20 megohms which is independent of the range selected . A once-popular form of this instrument used a vacuum tube in the amplifier circuit and so was called the vacuum tube voltmeter ( VTVM ) . These were almost always powered by the local AC line current and so were not particularly portable . Today these circuits use a solid-state amplifier using field-effect transistors , hence FET-VM , and appear in handheld digital multimeters as well as in bench and laboratory instruments . These largely replaced non-amplified multimeters except in the least expensive price ranges .
Most VTVMs and FET-VMs handle DC voltage , AC voltage , and resistance measurements ; modern FET-VMs add current measurements and often other functions as well . A specialized form of the VTVM or FET-VM is the AC voltmeter . These instruments are optimized for measuring AC voltage . They have much wider bandwidth and better sensitivity than a typical multifunction device .
Digital voltmeter
A digital voltmeter ( DVM ) measures an unknown input voltage by converting the voltage to a digital value and then displays the voltage in numeric form . DVMs are usually designed around a special type of analog-to-digital converter called an integrating converter .
DVM measurement accuracy is affected by many factors , including temperature , input impedance , and DVM power supply voltage variations . Less expensive DVMs often have input resistance on the order of 10 MΩ . Precision DVMs can have input resistances of 1 GΩ or higher for the lower voltage ranges ( e.g . less than 20 V ) . To ensure that a DVM 's accuracy is within the manufacturer 's specified tolerances , it must be periodically calibrated against a voltage standard such as the Weston cell .
The first digital voltmeter was invented and produced by Andrew Kay of Non-Linear Systems ( and later founder of Kaypro ) in 1954 .
Simple AC voltmeters use a rectifier connected to a DC measurement circuit , which responds to the average value of the waveform . The meter can be calibrated to display the root mean square value of the waveform , assuming a fixed relation between the average value of the rectified waveform and the RMS value . If the waveform departs significantly from the sinewave assumed in the calibration , the meter will be inaccurate , though for simple wave shapes the reading can be corrected by multiplying by a constant factor . Early `` true RMS '' circuits used a thermal converter that responded only to the RMS value of the waveform . Modern instruments calculate the RMS value by electronically calculating the square of the input value , taking the average , and then calculating the square root of the value . This allows accurate RMS measurements for a variety of waveforms . .
See also
Ammeter
Class of accuracy in electrical measurements
Electrical measurements
Electrometer
Electronic test equipment
Metrology
Multimeter
Ohmmeter
Potentiometer ( measuring instrument )
Solenoid voltmeter
Voltage divider
Measurement category
References
External links
DC Metering Circuits chapter from Lessons In Electric Circuits Vol 1 DC free ebook and Lessons In Electric Circuits series .
Electrical meters
Measuring instruments
Electronic test equipment
`` Rope worms '' ( or `` ropeworms '' ) is a pseudoscientific term for long thin pieces of damaged intestinal epithelium or other bowel content that have been misidentified as human parasitic worms . `` Rope worms '' were reported in 2013 in two self-published papers by Volinsky and Gubarev et al . In fact , they are not actual parasites , but instead fragments of mucous membrane shed from the gut following the use of bleach enemas ( usually marketed as Miracle Mineral Supplement ) and other similarly ineffective and toxic cleanses , such as the essential oil enema described by Volinsky et al .
The phenomenon results from improper identification of intestinal artifacts expelled from the body . These `` ropeworms '' are often discussed , with images shared and claimed as evidence of successful detoxing , on autism forums and altmed Facebook groups , wherein various toxic and/or ineffective products are falsely claimed to cure autism and a myriad of other conditions and ailments . In one Facebook group , 8500 members have allegedly been charged $ 60 to join , half a million dollars combined , leading to questioning of the leaders ' intentions .
Parents in these groups may be reluctant to take their children to their doctors , even when dangerous reactions to chlorine dioxide are apparent , such as vomiting , malaise , dehydration , and jaundice . Doctors and other mandatory reporters are generally required to report suspected child abuse ( including the use of chlorine dioxide enemas ) to child protective services .
References
Alternative detoxification
Autism pseudoscience
Health fraud
The 2011 South Holland District Council election took place on 5 May 2011 to elect members of the South Holland District Council in England . It was held on the same day as other local elections .
Results
Council composition
Following the last election in 2007 , the composition of the council was :
After the election , the composition of the council was :
LI - Lincolnshire Independents
Ward results
Incumbent councillors are denoted by an asterisk ( * ) . References -
Crowland & Deeping St. Nicholas
Donington Quadring & Gosberton
Fleet
Gedney
Holbeach Hurn
Holbeach Town
Long Sutton
Moulton Weston & Cowbit
Pinchbeck & Surfleet
Spalding Castle
Spalding Monks House
Spalding St. Johns
Spalding St. Marys
Spalding St. Pauls
Spalding Wygate
Sutton Bridge
Brewis was previously elected as an Independent councillor .
The Saints
Whaplode & Holbeach St. Johns
Creese was previously elected as an Independent councillor .
References
2011 English local elections
May 2011 events in the United Kingdom
2011
2010s in Lincolnshire
Panayiotis Alexiou `` Peter '' Vagenas ( born February 6 , 1978 ) is an American former soccer player .
High school and college
Vagenas graduated from Saint Francis High School in La Cañada Flintridge , class of 1996 , where they captained the team to a CIF Southern Section Championship their senior year , as well as being named CIF SS divisional player of the year . Vagenas played club soccer for Afshin Ghotbi . They played college soccer at UCLA from 1996 to 1999 , leading them to the NCAA title in 1997 , and finished their career there with 15 goals and 30 assists in 82 games . They were elected team MVP during their campaign at UCLA .
Career
Professional
Vagenas was drafted by Los Angeles Galaxy in the second round of the 2000 MLS SuperDraft and subsequently spent nine years with the team , winning the U.S. Open Cup in 2001 and 2005 , and the MLS Cup in 2002 and 2005 , captaining the team to the 2005 double . Vagenas missed most of 2007 and 2008 due to injury , but during their time with Galaxy they scored 14 goals and 12 assists in 183 league appearances , plus added two goals and two assists in the playoffs . They were a fan favorite with Galaxy due to their energetic play and local roots ( earning them the nickname `` Pasadena Pete '' ) .
On November 26 , 2008 , Vagenas was selected by Seattle Sounders FC in the 2008 MLS Expansion Draft .
After two seasons with Seattle , Vagenas was traded to Colorado Rapids on November 22 , 2010 . After the trade Colorado declined Vagenas 's contract option and they elected to participate in the 2010 MLS Re-Entry Draft .
Vagenas became a free agent in Major League Soccer when they were not selected in the Re-Entry draft ; after a couple of months out of the game they signed for expansion side Vancouver Whitecaps FC in April 2011 . At season 's end , Vancouver declined their 2012 contract option and they entered the 2011 MLS Re-Entry Draft . Vagenas was not selected in the draft and became a free agent .
They were signed by Chivas USA on February 22 , 2012 . Their contract expired after 2012 and they made themselves eligible for the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft in December 2012 . Vagenas became a free agent after they went undrafted in both rounds of the draft .
International
Vagenas played for the United States in the 2000 Summer Olympics , scoring three goals , all on penalty kicks . They earned their first cap for the senior national team on October 25 , 2000 against Mexico , but injuries have curtailed their appearances at the international level . They have earned three caps to date . They were also the captain and leading scorer in the 1999 Pan American Games in Canada for the USA national team .
Statistics
Personal life
Peter was born to Alex and Tassia Vagenas . They and their three siblings , George , Theoni and Dino were raised in Pasadena , California . Vagenas now resides in Pasadena along with their wife Mindy .
Honors
Los Angeles Galaxy
CONCACAF Champions ' Cup ( 1 ) : 2000
Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup ( 2 ) : 2001 , 2005
Major League Soccer MLS Cup ( 2 ) : 2002 , 2005
Major League Soccer Supporters ' Shield ( 1 ) : 2002
Major League Soccer Western Conference Championship ( 2 ) : 2002 , 2005
Seattle Sounders FC
Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup ( 1 ) : 2009
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
American soccer players
Sportspeople from Pasadena , California
American people of Greek descent
Soccer players from California
UCLA Bruins men 's soccer players
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
LA Galaxy players
Seattle Sounders FC players
Vancouver Whitecaps FC players
Chivas USA players
United States men 's international soccer players
Olympic soccer players of the United States
Footballers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
LA Galaxy draft picks
Major League Soccer players
United States men 's under-23 international soccer players
Association football midfielders
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1999 Pan American Games
Methylecgonine cinnamate is a natural tropane alkaloid found within the coca plant . Its more common name , cinnamoylcocaine , reflects its close structural similarity to cocaine . It is pharmacologically inactive , but some studies funded by anti-drug agencies imply that it is active when smoked . Furthermore , the discovery of differing impurity products yielding methylecgonine cinnamate in confiscated cocaine have led enforcing agencies to postulate that illicit manufacturers have changed their oxidation procedures when refining cocaine from a crude form . Methylecgonine cinnamate can dimerize to the truxillic acid derivative truxilline . It is notable that methylecgonine cinnamate is given in patents of active cocaine analogue structures .
See also
Coca alkaloids
Cocaethylene
Salicylmethylecgonine
References
External links
Isolation of cis-Cinnamoylcocaine from Crude Illicit Cocaine via Alumina Column Chromatography D.E.A . Microgram Vol 4 Number 14 .
Tropane alkaloids found in Erythroxylum coca
Cinnamate esters
Methyl esters
Combining Diacritical Marks for Symbols is a Unicode block containing arrows , dots , enclosures , and overlays for modifying symbol characters .
Its block name in Unicode 1.0 was simply Diacritical Marks for Symbols .
Block
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Combining Diacritical Marks for Symbols block :
References
Unicode blocks
Sonja Karadžić-Jovičević ( ; born 22 May 1967 ) is a Bosnian Serb politician and doctor serving as the vice president of the National Assembly of Republika Srpska since 7 October 2018 .
They are a member of the Serb Democratic Party , a party founded by their father Radovan Karadžić , the first president of Republika Srpska . In December 2020 , High Representative Valentin Inzko , with the help of Sonja Karadžić-Jovičević , succeeded in having a plaque honoring Radovan Karadžić removed after threatening Bosnian Serb leader and Presidency member Milorad Dodik with European Union sanctions if the plaque were not removed within six months .
References
Living people
1967 births
People from Sarajevo
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina people of Montenegrin descent
Serb Democratic Party ( Bosnia and Herzegovina ) politicians
The Submarine Command Course ( SMCC ) , previously known as the Commanding Officers Qualifying Course ( COQC ) , and informally known as The Perisher is a training course for naval officers preparing to take command of a submarine .
Created by the Royal Navy during World War I , the course was originally intended to address the high attrition rate of submarine commanders , as the previous method of handing down knowledge from officer to officer was prevented by wartime deaths . Following World War II , the Royal Netherlands Navy became involved in the course ; the Dutch later partnered with the British to run the course , and following the British conversion to a fully nuclear submarine fleet , took over responsibility for running the course for diesel-electric submarines . Officers from other nations regularly participate .
The four-month course is run in four stages , the first and third involve learning ashore in simulators , while the second involves learning at sea . The fourth phase is the assessment , during which the candidates ( of which the maximum is six ) show their ability to command a submarine unaided during war-like conditions . The success rate for the SMCC is 60 % and , on failing , candidates are prevented from serving on submarines in any capacity .
Formation and history
Prior to World War I , knowledge relating to command of a submarine was passed on from a boat 's commander to their replacement . However high attrition rates during the war meant this training could not always be passed on , and the less experienced submarine commanders were in turn more likely to make errors resulting in their death and the loss of the boat . In 1917 , the Royal Navy established the COQC for potential commanding officers .
Perisher ( as the Submarine Command Course is better known - owing to the fact the course used to be called the Periscope School and those officers attending being referred to as Perishers ) is a 24-week course that officers must take prior to serving as an Executive Officer on board a Royal Navy Submarine . It has been run twice a year since 1917 , usually starting on 2 July and 14 November each year . It is widely regarded as one of the toughest command courses in the world .
Following World War II , the Royal Netherlands Navy began to send officers to the course . Until 1995 , the Royal Navy and Royal Netherlands Navy were jointly responsible for running the SMCC . In 1995 the Royal Netherlands Navy took over the Perisher course for diesel-electric submarines , since the Royal Navy no longer operates boats of that type .
The SMCC is attended by submariners from other navies , including the Royal Australian Navy , the Brazilian Navy , the Royal Canadian Navy , the Republic of Korea Navy , and the United States Navy . Officers of the Royal Danish Navy also attended , prior to Denmark 's withdrawal of its submarine capability . Overseas candidates attend the course because its high standards enjoy widespread respect , and because it fosters links between allied navies and the Royal Navy .
The SMCC was ISO certified in 2004 .
Course structure
The diesel-electric course is four months long , with a combination of simulator time ashore and sea time under war-like conditions while operating off the coasts of Norway and Scotland . At most , six students will participate , under the tutelage of an instructor referred to as Teacher . The course has four stages , the first of which is training on Dutch Walrus class submarine simulators at Den Helder . The second stage , known as COCKEX ( a corruption of the old COQC name plus the standard shorthand for exercise ) , takes the candidates to sea , where they practise the skills learned in the simulators , along with tactical safety training . They return to the simulators for stage three , where they are taught both the tactical aspects ( including rules of engagement , evasion measures , and interception procedures ) and personnel management skills ( including stress management , maintaining working conditions , and medical skills ) of commanding a submarine , while learning other skills required for command . On conclusion , the students return to sea for the 'Cockfight ' , where Teacher evaluates each submariner 's ability to command a submarine independently . During this , the candidates will be run through multiple war-like exercises with little respite between each . One example of the type of exercise , from the 2004 course , required the candidate to take their submarine into a harbour ( simulating a naval base ) to lay mines , with less than of clearance between the fin and ferries passing overhead , and even less distance between the keel and the harbour floor , while a warship used active sonar to hunt for the submarine .
Students who fail the course are , in most cases , no longer permitted to serve on submarines in any capacity . According to Commander Marc Elsensohn , Teacher for the 2004 diesel-electric course , the main reasons for failing are that the candidate regularly loses situational awareness , or shows a narrow focus or over-reliance on one tool or aspect of operations . Making mistakes does not cause a student to fail automatically , as long as the mistake is recognised and corrected before the submarine is endangered .
If at any point during the training a candidate is withdrawn from training they will be nominated for boat or helicopter transfer and kept occupied until the transfer . Their bag is packed for them and they are notified of the failure when the helicopter or boat arrives . On departure they are presented with a bottle of whisky . A failure on Perisher means that the unsuccessful candidate is not permitted to return to sea as a member of the Submarine Service ( although they are still allowed to wear the dolphin badge ) . They are , however , permitted to remain in the Royal Navy , moving into the surface fleet .
Notes
References
External links
BBC late '80s documentary
Royal Navy Submarine Service
Naval education and training in the United Kingdom
St Oswald 's Priory was founded by Æthelflæd , daughter of Alfred the Great , and their husband Æthelred , ealdorman of Mercia , in the late 880s or the 890s . It appears to have been an exact copy of the Old Minster , Winchester It is a Grade I listed building .
The site was an important part of the Burh of Gloucester and was supported by the ruling family of the time including king Æthelstan . From the 11th century its importance declined , becoming a minor house of Canons regular until suppression in 1536 . The building was damaged during the English Civil War and largely demolished in 1643 .
Foundation
St Peter 's Abbey had been founded in Gloucester about 679 by Osric , ruler of the Hwicce , and at the end of the ninth century Æthelflæd and Æthelred founded a new minster at a different location in Gloucester , also initially dedicated to St Peter . In 909 a combined West Saxon and Mercian raid into Danish territory resulted in the translation of the bones of St Oswald to the new church from Bardney Abbey in Lincolnshire , and the priory was renamed St Oswald 's in their honour .
Royal favour
St Oswald 's , founded when Gloucester was an important new burh , at first enjoyed royal favour , and both Æthelflæd and Æthelred were buried there . Æthelflæd 's nephew , the future King Æthelstan , was brought up at their court , and according to a charter only preserved in a transcript dating from 1304 , in 925 Æthelstan granted privileges to St Oswald 's `` according to a pact of paternal piety which formerly they pledged with Æthelred '' . Æthelstan was a major benefactor of St Oswald 's , and they may have commissioned grave covers for the tombs of Æthelflæd and Æthelred .
Decline
However , the priory soon declined into obscurity . Late in the reign of King Cnut its estates were used as an endowment for a royal clerk . In 1089 Serlo , the Norman abbot of the original St Peter 's , began an ambitious new church ( later Gloucester Cathedral ) to replace the old minster , and St Oswald 's , its emoluments much reduced , became a minor house of Augustinian canons . The monastery was suppressed in 1536 , and became the parish church of St Catherine , but this was destroyed in a Civil War siege in 1643 .
Legacy
It is a Grade I listed building , located at Priory Road , Gloucester GL1 2RF .
Items from the priory are in Gloucester City Museum & Art Gallery .
Burials
Æthelflæd
Æthelred , Lord of the Mercians
See also
List of monastic houses in Gloucestershire
Citations
Sources
Further reading
Heighway , Carolyn et al. , 'The Roman Tilery at St Oswald 's Priory , Gloucester ' in Britannia , Vol . 13 ( 1982 ) , pp . 25–77 .
Monasteries in Gloucestershire
Augustinian monasteries in England
Grade I listed churches in Gloucestershire
History of Gloucester
Buildings and structures in Gloucester
Gloucester
9th-century establishments in England
Christian monasteries established in the 9th century
1536 disestablishments in England
Grade I listed monasteries
Burial sites of the Royal House of Northumbria
Khreshchenivka ( ; ) is a village in Beryslav Raion , Kherson Oblast , southern Ukraine , about northeast of the centre of Kherson city . It belongs to the Novovorontsovka settlement hromada , one of the hromadas of Ukraine .
Administrative status
Until 18 July , 2020 , Khreshchenivka belonged to Novovorontsovka Raion . The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine , which reduced the number of raions of Kherson Oblast to five . The area of Novovorontsovka Raion was merged into Beryslav Raion .
History
The village came under attack by Russian forces during the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022 .
Demographics
The native language distribution as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001 was :
Ukrainian : 95.90 %
Russian : 3.21 %
Belarusian : 0.38 %
Bulgarian : 0.13 %
Moldavian : 0.13 %
Polish : 0.13 %
References
Villages in Beryslav Raion
August Wilhelm Dieckhoff ( 5 February 1823 , in Göttingen – 12 September 1894 , in Rostock ) was a German Lutheran theologian known for their studies on the history of evangelical doctrine during the Reformation .
In 1850 they obtained their habilitation from the University of Göttingen , and several years later became an associate professor of systematic and historical theology ( 1854 ) . In 1860 they were appointed professor of historical theology at the University of Rostock . In 1887 they were named rector of the university . From 1860 to 1864 , with Theodor Kliefoth , they edited the Theologische Zeitschrift .
From 1884 onward , they were embroiled in a heated controversy with the `` ultra-Lutheran '' Missouri Synod that stemmed from a decision that favored the Wisconsin Synod .
Selected works
Die evangelische Abendmahlslehre im Reformationszeitalter , 1854 – The Protestant doctrine of the Eucharist in the Reformation age .
Die Waldenser im Mittelalter , zwei historische . Untersuchungen , 1851 – The Waldensians in the Middle Ages , two histories ; Investigations .
Der Ablassstreit : dogmengeschichtlich dargestellt , 1886 – The indulgence controversy ; the history of dogma presented .
Civilehe und kirchliche Trauung , 1880 – Civil and religious marriage .
Die Stellung Luthers zur Kirche und ihrer Reformation in der Zeit vor dem Ablassstreit , 1883 – The position of Martin Luther to the Church and its Reformation in the time before the indulgence controversy .
Der Missourische Prädestinatianismus und die Concordienformel , 1885 – The Missouri Synod in regards to predestinarianism and the Concordian formula .
Zur Lehre von der Bekehrung und von der Prädestination zweite Entgegnung gegen missourische Ausflüchte , 1886 – The doctrine of conversion and of predestination , second rebuttal against the Missouri Synod 's excuses .
Die Inspiration und Irrthumslosigkeit der heiligen Schrift , 1891 – The inspiration of the Scriptures and inerrancy .
References
1823 births
1894 deaths
University of Göttingen faculty
19th-century German Protestant theologians
University of Rostock faculty
Garry Frederick Baverstock ( born 1949 ) is an Australian Perth-based architect , property developer , author and scientist , specialising in energy efficient building design . They were one of the pioneers of sustainable architecture in Australia , championing passive solar design of buildings and the use of solar energy .
Career
Beverstock founded Ecotect Architects in 1969 .
They are a professor and Built Environment Program Manager of the Research Institute of Sustainable Energy at Murdoch University in Perth .
Baverstock became president of the International Solar Energy Society in Western Australia after holding the position of Honorary Secretary from 1979–1986 .
Their work is primarily involved with solar energy design and promoting green urbanism .
They have designed over 700 solar houses in all climates throughout Australia . Along with their wife Julia Hayes , they designed the eco-friendly Swanbourne Business Centre in Swanbourne , Western Australia .
They are co-founder and director of the solar energy website solar-e.com .
Recognition
Baverstock has received the Order of Australia in public recognition of their environmental and philanthropic achievements .
They were made a Life Fellow of the Australian Institute of Architects .
Access 31
In 2008 it was reported that Baverstock presented a $ 500,000 rescue package to community television station Access 31 . Baverstock , who pledged $ 500,000 to rescue the station before withdrawing their offer , claimed that they were misled about the station 's financial position .
Publications
Baverstock has authored over 50 papers and publications , including co-authorship of the design manual `` Low Energy Buildings in Australia '' ( 1986 ) with Sam Paolino .
References
External links
Official site
Living people
1949 births
Australian architects
Members of the Order of Australia
Murdoch University faculty
People from Perth , Western Australia
Solar energy in Australia
Daniel Pearce may refer to :
Daniel Pearce ( chartered surveyor ) , British business person ( born 1933 )
Daniel Pearce ( musician , born 1978 ) , English singer-songwriter
Daniel Pearce , better known as Eats Everything , English DJ and record producer ( born 1980 )
Daniel Pearce ( footballer ) , Australian rules footballer ( born 1993 )
Upsilon Ceti , Latinized from υ Ceti , is a solitary star in the equatorial constellation of Cetus . It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 3.95 . Based upon an annual parallax shift of 11.14 mas , it is located about 293 light years from the Sun .
This star was designated Upsilon Ceti by Bayer and 59 Ceti by Flamsteed . Flamsteed also gave it the designation Upsilon2 Ceti to distinguish it from 56 Ceti , which they called Upsilon1 . Flamsteed 's superscripted designations , however , are not in general use today .
For ancient Arabic astronomers , this star with η Cet ( Deneb Algenubi ) , θ Cet ( Thanih al Naamat ) , τ Cet ( Durre Menthor ) and ζ Cet ( Baten Kaitos ) , formed Al Naʽāmāt ( النعامات ) , the Hen Ostriches In Chinese , ( ) , meaning Sickle , refers to an asterism consisting of υ Ceti , 48 Ceti and 56 Ceti . Consequently , the Chinese name for υ Ceti itself is ( , . )
Upsilon Ceti is an evolved red giant star with a stellar classification of M0III and is listed as a standard for that class . The star has previously been classified as K5/M0III , an interesting example of one of the `` gaps '' in the Morgan-Keenan classification system , with K6-9 often not used for giant stars or used only to indicate a fraction of the way between K5 and M0 .
There is an 84 % chance that it is on the red giant branch , or 16 % to be on the horizontal branch . Stellar models based on the red giant branch status yield an estimated mass of around 126 % of the Sun 's mass and 54 times the radius of the Sun . This model indicates the star radiates around 550 times the solar luminosity from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 3,822 K .
References
External links
http : //www.alcyone.de/cgi-bin/search.pl ? object=HR0585
http : //server3.wikisky.org/starview ? object_type=1 & object_id=714
Cetus , Upsilon
Asymptotic-giant-branch stars
Cetus ( constellation )
Cetus , Upsilon
BD-21 358
Ceti , 59
012274
009347
0585
Pope Pius IX ( r. 1846–1878 ) created 123 cardinals in 23 consistories .
21 December 1846
Pius created four cardinals at their first consistory , two of them in pectore .
Gaetano Baluffi ( 1788–1866 )
Raffaele Fornari ( 1787–1854 ) , in pectore , announced 30 September 1850
Pietro Marini ( 1794–1863 )
Giuseppe Bofondi ( 1795–1867 ) , in pectore , announced 11 June 1847
11 June 1847
Pierre Giraud ( 1791–1850 )
Jacques-Marie-Antoine-Célestin Dupont ( 1792–1859 )
Giacomo Antonelli ( 1806–1876 )
17 January 1848
Carlo Vizzardelli ( 1791–1851 )
30 September 1850
Paul-Thérèse-David d'Astros ( 1772–1851 )
Juan José Bonel y Orbe ( 1782–1857 )
Giuseppe Cosenza ( 1788–1863 )
Jacques-Marie-Adrien-Césaire Mathieu ( 1796–1875 )
Judas José Romo y Gamboa ( 1779–1855 )
Thomas-Marie-Joseph Gousset ( 1792–1866 )
Maximilian Joseph Gottfried Sommerau Beeckh ( 1769–1853 )
Johannes von Geissel ( 1796–1864 )
Pedro Paulo de Figueiredo da Cunha e Melo ( 1770–1855 )
Nicholas Wiseman ( 1802–1865 )
Giuseppe Pecci ( 1776–1855 )
Melchior von Diepenbrock ( 1798–1853 )
Roberto Giovanni F. Roberti ( 1788–1867 )
15 March 1852
Domenico Lucciardi ( 1796–1864 )
Ferdinand-François-Auguste Donnet ( 1795–1882 )
Gerolamo Marquese d'Andrea ( 1812–1868 )
Carlo Luigi Morichini ( 1805–1879 )
Michele Viale-Prelà ( 1798–1860 )
Giovanni Brunelli ( 1795–1861 )
7 March 1853
János Scitovszky ( 1785–1866 )
François-Nicholas-Madeleine Morlot ( 1795–1862 )
Giusto Recanati ( 1789–1861 )
Domenico Savelli ( 1792–1864 )
Prospero Caterini ( 1795–1881 )
Vincenzo Santucci ( 1796–1861 )
19 December 1853
Gioacchino Pecci ( 1810–1903 ) - Elected Pope Leo XIII ( 1878–1903 )
Camillo di Pietro ( 1806–1884 )
17 December 1855
Joseph Othmar Rauscher ( 1797–1875 )
Karl-August von Reisach ( 1800–1869 )
Clément Villecourt ( 1787–1867 )
Francesco Gaude ( 1809–1860 )
16 June 1856
Mykhajlo Levitsky ( 1774–1858 )
Juraj Haulik ( 1788–1869 )
Alessandro Barnabò ( 1801–1874 )
Gaspare Grassellini ( 1796–1875 )
Francesco de ' Medici di Ottaiano ( 1808–1857 )
15 March 1858
Cirilo de Alameda y Brea ( 1781–1872 )
Antonio Benedetto Antonucci ( 1798–1879 )
Manuel Joaquín Tarancón y Morón ( 1782–1862 )
Enrico Orfei ( 1800–1870 )
Giuseppe Milesi Pironi Ferretti ( 1817–1873 )
Pietro de Silvestri ( 1803–1875 )
Teodolfo Mertel ( 1806–1899 )
25 June 1858
Manuel Bento Rodrigues da Silva ( 1800–1869 )
27 September 1861
Alexis Billiet ( 1783–1873 )
Carlo Sacconi ( 1808–1889 )
Miguel García Cuesta ( 1803–1873 )
Gaetano Bedini ( 1806–1864 )
Fernando de la Puente y Primo de Rivera ( 1808–1867 )
Angelo Quaglia ( 1802–1872 )
Antonio Maria Panebianco ( 1808–1885 )
16 March 1863
Giuseppe Luigi Trevisanato ( 1801–1877 )
Antonio Saverio De Luca ( 1805–1883 )
Giuseppe Andrea Bizzarri ( 1802–1877 )
Luis de la Lastra y Cuesta ( 1803–1876 )
Jean Baptiste François Pitra ( 1812–1889 )
Filippo Maria Guidi ( 1815–1879 )
Francesco Pentini ( 1797–1869 )
11 December 1863
Henri-Marie-Gaston Boisnormand de Bonnechose ( 1800–1883 )
22 June 1866
Paul Cullen ( 1803–1878 )
Gustav Adolf Hohenlohe ( 1823–1896 )
Luigi Bilio ( 1826–1884 )
Antonio Matteucci ( 1802–1866 )
Domenico Consolini ( 1806–1884 )
13 March 1868
Lucien Louis Joseph Napoleon Bonaparte ( 1828–1895 )
Innocenzo Ferrieri ( 1810–1887 )
Matteo Eustachio Gonella ( 1811–1870 )
Lorenzo Barili ( 1801–1875 )
Giuseppe Berardi ( 1810–1878 )
Juan de la Cruz Ignacio Moreno y Maisonave ( 1817–1884 )
Raffaele Monaco La Valletta ( 1827–1896 )
Edoardo Borromeo ( 1822–1881 )
Annibale Capalti ( 1811–1877 )
22 December 1873
Inácio do Nascimento de Morais Cardoso ( 1811–1883 )
René-François Régnier ( 1794–1881 )
Maximilian Joseph von Tarnóczy ( 1806–1876 )
Flavio Chigi ( 1810–1885 )
Alessandro Franchi ( 1819–1878 )
Joseph-Hippolyte Guibert ( 1802–1886 )
Mariano Falcinelli Antoniacci ( 1806–1874 )
Mariano Benito Barrio y Fernández ( 1805–1876 )
Luigi Oreglia di Santo Stefano ( 1828–1913 )
János Simor ( 1813–1891 )
Camillo Tarquini ( 1810–1874 )
Tommaso Martinelli ( 1827–1888 )
15 March 1875
Pius created eleven cardinals in their March 1875 consistory , reserving the names of five of them in pectore .
Ruggero Luigi Emidio Antici Mattei ( 1811–1883 )
Pietro Gianelli ( 1807–1881 )
Mieczysław Halka Ledóchowski ( 1822–1902 )
John McCloskey ( 1810–1885 )
Henry Edward Manning ( 1808–1892 )
Victor-Auguste-Isidor Deschamps ( 1810–1883 )
Salvatore Nobili Vitelleschi ( 1818–1875 )
Giovanni Simeoni ( 1816–1892 )
Domenico Bartolini ( 1813–1887 )
Lorenzo Ilarione Randi ( 1818–1887 )
Bartolomeo Pacca , iuniore ( 1817–1880 )
17 September 1875
Godefroy Brossais-Saint-Marc ( 1803–1878 )
3 April 1876
Bartolomeo D'Avanzo ( 1811–1884 )
Johannes Baptist Franzelin ( 1816–1886 )
12 March 1877
Francisco de Paula Benavides y Navarrete ( 1810–1895 )
Francesco Saverio Apuzzo ( 1807–1880 )
Manuel García Gil ( 1802–1881 )
Edward Henry Howard ( 1829–1892 )
Miguel Payá y Rico ( 1811–1891 )
Louis-Marie Caverot ( 1806–1887 )
Luigi di Canossa ( 1809–1900 )
Luigi Serafini ( 1808–1894 )
Lorenzo Nina ( 1812–1885 )
Enea Sbarretti ( 1808–1884 )
Frédéric de Falloux du Coudray ( 1815–1884 )
22 June 1877
Josip Mihalovic ( 1814–1891 )
Johann Rudolf Kutschker ( 1810–1881 )
Lucido Parocchi ( 1833–1903 )
28 December 1877
Vincenzo Moretti ( 1815–1881 )
Antonio Pellegrini ( 1812–1887 )
References
Additional sources
Pius 9
Pope Pius IX
19th-century Catholicism
College of Cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope Pius IX
This is a list of all tornadoes that were confirmed by local offices of the National Weather Service in the United States from April to May 2014 .
United States yearly total
April
April 2 event
April 3 event
April 4 event
April 6 event
April 7 event
April 13 event
April 20 event
April 24 event
April 25 event
April 27 event ( Central United States )
April 27 event ( Washington )
April 28 event
April 29 event
April 30 event
May
May 6 event
May 7 event
May 8 event
May 10 event
May 11 event
May 12 event
May 14 event
May 15 event
May 16 event
May 18 event
May 20 event
May 21 event
May 22 event
May 23 event
May 24 event
May 25 event
May 26 event
May 27 event
May 28 event
May 30 event
May 31 event
See also
Tornadoes of 2014
Tornado outbreak of April 27–30 , 2014
Notes
References
Tornadoes of 2014
2014 , 04
April 2014 events in the United States
May 2014 events in the United States
Terna S.p.A. is a transmission system operator ( TSO ) based in Rome , Italy . It operates through Terna Rete Italia , that manages the Italian transmission grid and Terna Plus which is in charge of new business opportunities and non-traditional activities in Brazil , Uruguay , Peru and Chile ( 2021 ) . With of power lines or around 98 % of the Italian high-voltage power transmission grid , Terna is the sixth largest electricity transmission grid operator in the world based on the size of its electrical grid . Terna is listed on the Borsa Italiana and is a constituent of the FTSE MIB index .
History
On 31 May 1999 , Terna was established within the Enel Group , by way of implementation of Italian Legislative Decree No . 79/99 which within the context of the process for the deregulation of the Italian electricity sector , sanctioned the separation between ownership and management of the national transmission grid .
On 23 June 2004 , following the Prime Minister 's Decree issued on 11 May of the same year , Terna was put on sale with an IPO on Borsa Italiana .
In 2010 Terna joined Desertec , a project aimed at producing and transmitting renewable energy in the Middle East and North Africa ( MENA ) to meet local needs and be assigned in part to the European interconnected grid .
In 2011 , Terna Group adopted a new organizational structure . Through Terna Rete Italia safely manages the Italian electricity system with more than 63,500 kilometers of high voltage lines . Through Terna Plus manages new business opportunities and non-traditional activities , in Italy and abroad .
2011 was the 7th consecutive year of growth for the Group . A dividend of €21 was paid per share .
The 2011 results were submitted by the CEO Flavio Cattaneo during the Terna Board of Administration meeting held to approve the Strategic Plan 2012–2016 .
In 2012 , Terna consolidated Revenues stood at 1,806 million euros , +10.4 % compared to 2011 , mainly due to the Grid Transmission Fee and to the results from Non Traditional Activities carried out by the Group .
On 31 January 2012 , Terna presented the Development Plan of the National Electricity Transmission Grid for the decade 2012–2021 . The plan is drafted and updated every year and , in 2012 , it included investments for over 7 billion euro aimed at increasing efficiency for the electricity system , including the reduction of energy losses and the reduction of emissions .
In 2013 , Terna consolidated Revenues stood at 1,896 million euros , with an increase of 90.5 million euros ( +5 % ) compared to 2012 . Ebitda stood at 1,281 million euros ( +6,5 % ) , Group Net income at 514 million euro ( +10,8 % ) .
Operations
Terna is responsible for national electricity transmission management and development in Italy .
Terna 's assets include :
74,855 km of lines
896 transformation and switching stations
1 National Control Center ( NCC )
3 Control centers
26 lines of interconnections with other countries ( CTI )
SA.PE.I . the longest underwater cable in the world ( 435 km ) , with a capacity of 1000 MW
To safeguard its assets , Terna has created an organization capable of protecting the company 's physical and technological infrastructures , also through the prevention and management of episodes of corporate fraud . In this framework , in order to guarantee the maximum safeguarding of said infrastructures and investments , it has signed memoranda of understanding , first of its kind and type with the Ministry of the Interior , Carabinieri and Guardia di Finanza .
In 2010 the company invested €1.06 billion that financed the construction of 1000 km of new electrical lines and 48 new stations .
Terna 's transmission lines carried 326.16 billion kWh in 2010 , of which :
286.53 billion generated by power plants in Italy
45.76 billion imported
1.81 billion exported
4.31 billion for pumping stations
In turn , 286.53 billion kWh were generated by :
Thermoelectric power plants : 218.35 billion
Hydroelectric power plants : 53.16 billion
Wind power plants : 8.37 billion
Geothermal power plants : 5.03 billion
Photovoltaic power plants : 1.6 billion
Board of directors
Board members :
Valentina Bosetti - Chairwoman
Stefano Antonio Donnarumma - chief executive officer and General Manager
Alessandra Faella
Yunpeng They
Valentina Canalini
Ernesto Carbone
Giuseppe Ferri
Antonella Baldino
Fabio Corsico
Marco Giorgino
Gabriella Porcelli
Paola Giannotti
Jean-Michel Aubertin
Shareholders
Terna has been listed in the Italian Stock Exchange since 2004 . Its major shareholder was Cassa Depositi e Prestiti , with 29.85 % of shares . The remaining nearly 70 % is held by other institutional and retail investors .
Among the principal shareholders of the company : Romano Minozzi with 5.6 % , Blackrock Inc. with 2.4 % and Assicurazioni Generali with 2.0 % .
Awards
According to the Edison Electric Institute , Terna is the best European company among utilities by total return of shares in 2010–2012 . In these three years Terna 's return stood at 24 % , compared to average returns in the sector ( DJ Stoxx-10 % , Ftse Mib-21 % ) . In 2010 Terna did receive the same recognition for the 2007–2009 , as Terna 's share return stood at +40 % , achieving a net overperfomance ( nearly 55 % ) compared to the European sector that registered -15 % .
References
External links
ENTSO-E Transmission System Operators
Corriere Economia http : //rassegnastampa.mef.gov.it/mefeconomica/View.aspx ? ID=2010051715717598-1
Electric power transmission system operators in Italy
Companies based in Rome
Companies listed on the Borsa Italiana
Former Enel subsidiaries
Formerly government-owned companies of Italy
Transgas was a high tech building with brutalist elements in the center of Prague , Czech Republic . It was built in 1978 and demolished in 2019 . It consisted of a cubic part , which was dark grey . Its facade was covered by small cobble stones . The other two buildings were high with long windows and steel dark construction . The surrounding decoration is symbolically was out of gas pipeline tubes .
History
The building was commissioned by the Czechoslovak government , which agreed in 1970 to build a pipeline and deliver Soviet gas to western Europe . As the pipeline was called Transgas , the same name was given to the building used from 1978 as a control and dispatcher room . The architects and designers where Jiří Eisenreich , Jindřich Malátek , Václav Aulický and Ivo Loos ( fountain ) . It was constructed in the years 1972 to 1978 on the site of apartment houses , which were previously demolished .
Demolition
In 2015 , the complex was bought by Slovak developer group HB Reavis . The group decided to demolish the building and replace it with modern offices . There were attempts by different groups to release it as a cultural monument and they failed . In January 2017 , art historians from Czech universities described the building as an exceptional example of brutalist architecture and requested Culture Minister Daniel Herman to prevent its demolition . They wrote , `` In the context of Czech architecture of the latter half of the 20th century , it is an exceptional building that creatively follows up the period styles of Western technicism and brutalism . ''
In November 2017 the Czech Ministry of Culture approved the demolition so that a new office complex can be built on the site . Despite many protests and redemption effort from city of Prague , demolition of Transgas started in February 2019 .
Gallery
References
Buildings and structures in Prague
Brutalist architecture in the Czech Republic
Office buildings completed in 1978
Buildings and structures demolished in 2019
Demolished buildings and structures in the Czech Republic
Ashley Down is an area in the north of Bristol . It lies on high ground east of Bishopston , north of St Andrews and St Werburghs , west of Muller Road and south of Horfield . The main artery is Ashley Down Road . Since May 2016 it is part of the Bishopston & Ashley Down ward of Bristol City Council .
Ashley Down was developed in Victorian times . A number of large detached villas were built on Ashley Down Road . Smaller terraced houses were built in the north of the district .
Muller Homes
In 1845 George Müller entered into a contract for the purchase of 7 acres ( 28,000 m2 ) of ground at £120 per acre ( £0.03/m2 ) for the accommodation , feeding , clothing and education of 300 destitute and orphan children . On 18 June 1849 the orphans transferred to the new building , designed by local architect Thomas Foster . By the time they died in 1898 , Müller had received £1,500,000 through prayer and had over 10,000 children in their care .
The orphanage continued on the Ashley Down site until 1958 . Orphan Houses 2 , 4 and 5 are now owned by Bristol City College , while No 3 House ( in which Müller lived for the last few years of their life and in which they died ) , on the other side of Ashley Down Road was converted into private flats in 2007 . No 1 House is currently ( 2010 ) being redeveloped as flats .
In 1958 the buildings became Bristol College of Science and Technology ( more recently changed to City of Bristol College , Brunel Campus ) . The site has been used as the film set for the BBC television series Casualty . Muller Road , which runs near the site of the orphanage , is named after its founder .
County Cricket Ground
In 1889 W.G . Grace bought some land at Ashley Down , which became and remained the home of Gloucestershire County Cricket Club . The ground has a capacity of 8,000 .
In July 2009 , Gloucestershire C.C.C . announced plans to redevelop the ground into a 20,000 capacity stadia . The ground will also include a `` world class '' media centre and conference facilities . In March 2010 , Bristol City Council gave the go-ahead for the new ground .
Once completed , the ground will be one of the biggest cricketing venues in England and , as a result , the club hopes it will become a regular venue for international matches and one of the host grounds of the 2019 Cricket World Cup .
Ashley Down Old Boys ' RFC is a rugby club playing in Gloucestershire League I . They are members of the Bristol Combination .
Transportation
Between 1864 and 1964 Ashley Down was served by Ashley Hill railway station . The site of the station is scheduled to be redeveloped and reopened as Ashley Down station in 2021 as part of the MetroWest scheme .
References
External links
Geograph of the Ashley Down area
Areas of Bristol
Wang Yansi ( 872–966 ) , courtesy name Jixian , was a Chinese orthodox Confucian and hermit during the Tang dynasty and Five Dynasties period . They were an adopted son and advisor to Wang Shenzhi , the first ruler of Min . Though most of their recommendations were ignored ( especially those concerning Min 's relationship vis-à-vis Later Liang after the Tang collapsed in 907 ) , they successfully convinced Wang Shenzhi against assuming imperial titles . After Wang Shenzhi 's death , Wang Yansi went into retirement in the mountains when their adoptive brothers Wang Yanhan , Wang Yanbing and Wang Yanjun were engaged in fratricidal wars . Later in their life they taught Confucian classics and changed their name to Tang Yansi .
References
870s births
966 deaths
Min Kingdom people born during Tang
People from Xinyang
Chinese hermits
9th-century Chinese adoptees
10th-century Chinese adoptees
Richard Hall ( 18 April 1860 – 23 June 1942 ) was a Finnish-born painter who made their career in France , United States and Argentina . Hall is best known of their portraits , but also painted other genres such as still life paintings , in particular , flower motifs , intimate and homely sceneries , and landscape .
Life
Early years
Richard Hall was born in Pori , Finland , as a son of the British business person William R. Hall Tredennick and the Swiss Alexandrine Cornetz . Their grandfather John Hall had emigrated to Finland in the early 1800s . The family also lived in Helsinki before moving to London in 1867 . At the age of 15 , Hall moved to Stockholm with their family and entered the Royal Academy of Fine Arts , graduating in 1881 . They studied under Georg von Rosen , August Malmström , Josef Wilhelm Wallander and Mårten Eskil Winge , and took private lessons from Edvard Perséus . Their year of graduation , Hall was awarded with the H. M. The King 's Medal for winning an art competition announced by the Royal Academy . During their years in Stockholm , Hall became acquainted with artists like Richard Bergh , Oscar Björck , Bruno Liljefors and Anders Zorn .
In France and the United States
After their graduation , Hall moved to Paris , where they shared a studio with Richard Bergh and studied under Jean-Paul Laurens , Raphaël Collin and Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant . In Paris , they also met Finnish artists like Albert Edelfelt and Ville Vallgren . Hall started their career as a genre painter , but was soon specialized in portraits of nobilities and celebrities . Since 1883 , Hall was annually represented at the Paris salon exhibition , and had their works on display at the gallery of Georges Petit .
Hall got married with their cousin Julia Berrigau Cornetz in 1881 and had two children . The family lived for six years in Bretagne , until Julia died in 1891 . After their wife 's death , Hall spent eight months in a Trappist order in Nantes . In the early 1900s , Hall spent summers in the Baltic island of Öland , where they met the baroness Anna von Mühlenfels , who became Hall 's second wife in 1906 . In 1902 , the American business person William Kissam Vanderbilt invited Hall to New York City . They painted members of the Vanderbilt family and other representatives of New York 's upper class .
In 1903 and 1907 , Hall had an exhibition at the Knoedler Gallery in New York , and in 1904 and 1905 in the Royal Academy in London.In their native Finland , Hall had their only exhibition in 1909 at the House of Nobility in Helsinki . However , Hall visited the country regularly to meet their parents .
In Argentina
In 1915 , Hall emigrated to Argentina where they lived in Mar del Plata . In addition on their painting , Hall worked as an illustrator for Editorial Haynes , which published magazines and newspapers such as and El Mundo . Hall died in Buenos Aires in 1942 at the age of 82 . They were buried in Mar del Plata .
Hall 's work is included in the collections of several museums in Sweden , France and Argentina . In their native country , Hall 's works are included in the collections of the Finnish National Gallery , Pori Art Museum and Turku Art Museum .
References
External links
1860 births
1942 deaths
People from Pori
19th-century Finnish painters
20th-century Finnish painters
19th-century French painters
20th-century French painters
19th-century Argentine painters
19th-century Argentine male artists
20th-century Argentine painters
20th-century French male artists
Finnish male painters
French male painters
Argentine male painters
Finnish expatriates in Argentina
Finnish expatriates in England
Finnish expatriates in France
Finnish expatriates in Sweden
Finnish people of British descent
Finnish people of Swiss descent
Finnish people of English descent
19th-century French male artists
19th-century Finnish male artists
20th-century Finnish male artists
20th-century Argentine male artists
David Trottier is an American screenwriter , consultant , author and educator . He 's best known for their screenwriting guide , The Screenwriter 's Bible .
Career
Trottier graduated with an M.A . from Goddard College , as well as the Hollywood Scriptwriting Institute and the Hollywood Film Institute .
After doing some minor rewrites on Zorro the Gay Blade , Trottier sold their first spec , The Secret of Question Mark Cave to Disney . Trottier would sell projects to Jim Henson Pictures , York Entertainment , On the Bus Productions , ABC and New Century Pictures . These include Igor 's Revenge , The Muppet 's Hockey Movie—The Comeback Kids ( not completed due to Henson 's death ) , Ratman From Saturn , Kumquat , The New Musketeers , and A Window in Time . They also co-wrote and co-produced Hercules Recycled .
Publications
References
External links
Official Website
Living people
Film theorists
Screenwriting instructors
American male non-fiction writers
American male screenwriters
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
Writers of books about writing fiction
Year of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
Siddharth College of Law was founded in Mumbai in 1956 . It is run by the People 's Education Society which was formed by Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on 8 July 1945 . The college is affiliated to the University of Mumbai . The college was formed with a vision to spread legal education amongst all sections of society . The college is housed at the Anand Bhavan which has been declared as a heritage structure by the Heritage society of the MMRDA .
Courses offered
Currently the college offers the three years LL.B . course . But , the five years B.S.L. , LL.B course is also proposed . There are also Post Graduate Diploma and Certification courses being conducted by the college .
Library
The Library of the college is said to have a huge collection of books on law . The college is also home to some rare books from Dr. Ambedkar 's personal collection , which were used as reference for drafting the Constitution of India .
Visits and events
In the past the college has been visited by several personalities such as Mrs. Sirimavo Bandaranaike . The events hosted by the college have seen visits by Judges of the Bombay High Court like Justice P. B. Majumdar , Justice Roshan Dalvi and many other legal luminaries .
The students of the college were allowed to attend the Mumbai terror attack trial of Qasab , which was otherwise restricted to the general public .
Notable people associated with the college
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar
Justice R.A. Jahagirdar ( High Court at Bombay )
M. C. Setalvad
Manohar Joshi
Mr. P. M. Sayeed ( Former Lok Sabha Speaker )
Justice P. B. Sawant
Justice M. C. Chagla
Farooq Sheikh
Adv . K. P. Pawar ( Court appointed defence lawyer for Mumbai terror trial )
Suresh Saraiya ( Noted radio commentator on cricket )
Shantaram Naik
Prakash Yashwant Ambedkar , Politician
Prof D N Sandanshiv
References
Law schools in Maharashtra
Universities and colleges in Mumbai
Affiliates of the University of Mumbai
Educational institutions established in 1956
1956 establishments in Bombay State
B. R. Ambedkar
Gerard Aichorn ( born 19 December 1953 ) is an Austrian retired footballer .
References
Austrian footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Living people
1953 births
FC Den Bosch players
Solar collector may refer to :
Solar thermal collector , a solar collector that collects heat by absorbing sunlight
Solar Collector ( sculpture ) , a 2008 interactive light art installation in Cambridge , Ontario , Canada
See also
Concentrating solar power
Renewable heat
Solar air heating
Solar water heating
Solar panel
William Mayfield ( 1810–1862 ) was an American pioneer in Illinois , Texas , and California ; a soldier , farmer , miner , and a cattleman . They led Tulare County militia to aid settlers in the early part of the Owens Valley Indian War and was killed in the Battle of Mayfield Canyon .
Early life in Tennessee & Illinois
William Mayfield , was born in Tennessee , in 1810 , son of Elijah and Elizabeth Mayfield . Their first marriage was on October 6 , 1828 to Terissa Faller , also called `` Tussa '' , from Hardeman County , Tennessee . They had 2 children born in Illinois , John Mayfield in 1829 and Benjamin Mayfield in 1831 . In 1832 , William Mayfield served in the Black Hawk War , as a private in the Company of Captain Levi D. Boone , Brigade of Mounted Volunteers . Their unit was mustered into service on April 26 , 1832 at Beardstown , Illinois , after being enrolled by the Captain at Montgomery , Illinois on April 20 for 60 days . Mayfield was mustered out of service , along with their unit at the mouth of the Fox River on the Illinois River , on May 28 , 1832 , while it was attached to the 2nd Regiment under Col. Jacob Fry .
Texas
William Mayfield moved to Texas in spring 1837 and received a provisional 1280 acre land grant in Washington County which forbade them to sell the land and required them to be a responsible citizen for 3 years before their grant became unconditional and they received their patent . In 1838 , Mayfield added by purchase to their grant , 300 acres of land fronting on the Navasota River .
William Mayfield served as a Second Corporal in the Texas Rangers , in Captain Henry Smith 's Volunteer Rangers , from March 1 - September 1 , 1839 during the Texian - Cherokee War . Their unit was one of those that fought in the July 15–16 , 1839 Battle of the Neches . After they received their patent in 1840 they bought other lands and sold part of them for money . In 1843 , Williams third son , Thomas Jefferson Mayfield was born .
Mayfield 's son Thomas Jefferson claimed their father fought against the Mexicans with Sam Houston and became a captain . In the Mexican American War they claimed they were in the force of Alexander W. Doniphan and that Doniphan `` wrote a letter to Uncle Sam and Uncle Sam made my daddy a colonel . '' However , there is no record of such an officer with Doniphan 's 1st Regiment of Missouri Mounted Volunteers , nor in any of the Texas State units in that war . After William 's first wife Terissa or Tussa , died sometime before 1848 , they married Mary Ann Curd on March 16 , 1848 , in Brazos County , Texas .
California
In 1849 , William and their family were headed to California with a U. S. Army wagon train but were sent back to avoid the danger to civilians from the Lipan Apache on the trail and they then took a six-month trip by ship from Galveston around Cape Horn to reach California . After they landed at San Francisco , William took their family to the southern end of the San Joaquin Valley , then Mariposa County , now Tulare County to a place at the confluence of Sycamore Creek with the Kings River , ( about 1.5 miles above modern Trimmer , California ) . There they and their sons built a cabin , put in crops and began mining . Thomas Jefferson does not mention a sister but a Miran ( Mary Ann ) Mayfield , age 3 born in Texas , appears on the California 1850 mortality schedule which means they died between June 1849 and June 1850 and in the 1850 census in Mariposa County there are no other Mayfields there .
The Nov. 13 , 1850 census , shows Mayfield 40 with $ 10,000 in property and their son John 20 as miners . Their son Ben 16 is listed separately with Mary 20 and their child S [ or T ] Willson Mayfield 7 , presumably at the cabin . Mayfield and their son John may have taken livestock to Stockton , California at the end of the year because they are also listed as farmers in the 1850 census in San Joaquin County on Nov. 24 , 1850 .
The whole family ( William , Mary , John , Benjamin , and Thomas Wm . ) appears once again in the 1850 census in San Joaquin County , on Dec. 3 , 1850 . Mary died in 1850 , apparently in December after that census record was made . In 1851 , William left Thomas [ 8 ] to be raised by the Choinumni , the friendly Yokuts tribe living across the river from their cabin , while they and their two older sons left to engage in mining and raising cattle for the next 10 years . While their son Thomas Jefferson was living among the Choinumni , William Mayfield helped do the first survey of Tulare County , placed the first hogs around Tulare Lake . With their older sons they ran cattle and horses through most of the San Joaquin Valley , captured wild horses on the west side of that valley and fought Monache on the east side becoming well known throughout the valley .
Owens Valley Indian War
In 1861 , cattle were being driven over the Sierras to feed the mining boon town of Aurora . Some cattlemen had begun ranching nearby in the Owens Valley . The consequences of the disastrous winter caused by the Great Flood of 1862 and the encroachment of the cattle on the food supply of the Paiute led to the threat of starvation for the Owens Valley Paiute who were forced to take cattle to feed themselves . This led to a conflict with these ranchers that broke into open warfare , known as the Owens Valley Indian War . The settlers sent word to the county seat at Visalia for help and William Mayfield led a band of Tulare County militiamen to the aid of the settlers there .
After joining forces with a detachment of militia from Aurora , they marched north with their command of 60 men and engaged the Paiute in the Battle of Bishop Creek where their force was driven back and had to hold out in a ditch until nightfall when they were able to withdraw and turned back down the valley . The next day they encountered the California Volunteer force under George S. Evans and Mayfield and 40 of their men , joined him . As Evans ' and Mayfield 's force marched north , Evans ' scouts reported that Lieutenant Noble with fifty men of Company A , 2nd Cavalry , from Fort Churchill on their way south to Putnam 's Store were nearby . Colonel Evans halted until Lieutenant Noble 's command could come up with them and then proceeded to the north . Scouts were sent out and one scout returned reporting a large force of Indians 12 miles ( 19 km ) away near Bishop Creek . Evans moved up in a snow storm , but the Indians had left at the approach of the main body of cavalry . Campfires were observed in a canyon to the north . April 9 , 1862 , the following day Evans advanced to the canyon now known as Mayfield Canyon and engaged the Paiute who were above them in the canyon . Mayfield and four of their men advanced with the Volunteers and they were wounded in the firefight . While being carried back under fire they were killed . Mayfield Canyon was later named in their honor .
Legacy
Of William Mayfield 's sons after their death , none were married or had children . John herded cattle until poisoned by a cook after a quarrel about 1870 . Benjamin became a miner but was tried twice for murder after they killed the outlaw John Mason in 1866 . Exonerated in 1869 , they died an embittered man in the 1870s . Thomas Jefferson Mayfield became known after their death in 1928 for the tale of their days as a boy among the Choinumni . The site of the Mayfield cabin and the Choinumni village across the Kings River are now under Pine Flat Lake .
References
1810 births
1862 deaths
American military personnel killed in action
American people of the Black Hawk War
Immigrants to the Republic of Texas
People of the Republic of Texas
People of the California Gold Rush
Military history of California
American cattlemen
American pioneers
People of the American Old West
Owens Valley Indian War
This is an index of lists of ship commissionings and decommissionings by year .
Ship commissionings
Ship decommissionings
Commissionings and decommissionings
Dame Nerys Angharad Jefford , styled The Honourable Mrs Justice Jefford , DBE ( born 25 December 1962 ) is a High Court Judge of England and Wales .
Early life
They were born in Swansea , Wales and educated at Olchfa School , and graduated from Lady Margaret Hall , Oxford in 1984 , followed by an LLM from the University of Virginia in 1985 , where they were a Fulbright Scholar .
Career
Jefford was called to the Bar at Gray 's Inn in 1986 , became a QC in 2008 , and was appointed as a Recorder in 2007 . In addition to practice , Jefford contributed to Keating on Construction Contracts from the fifth edition in 1991 to the eighth edition in 2006 .
High Court appointment
On 3 October 2016 , they were appointed as a High Court judge , assigned to the Queen 's Bench Division .
They are currently the Presiding Judge for Wales and sits on the Technology and Construction Court .
In July 2021 , Jefford made legal history as part of the first all-female Court of Appeal panel in Wales , sitting alongside Lady Justice Nicola Davies and Mrs Justice Steyn .
Honours
In 2016 , Jefford was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( DBE ) .
References
Living people
1962 births
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Alumni of Lady Margaret Hall , Oxford
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
21st-century English judges
British barristers
Queen 's Counsel 2001–
People from Swansea
Members of Gray 's Inn
`` Secret Love '' ( Korean : 비밀연애 ) is a song recorded by South Korean idol group B.A.P . It is released as a Digital single on March 3 , 2012 through TS Entertainment . The song was released as a promotional single for their mini-album , Warrior EP . The song was written by Bang Yong Guk and Kang Jiwon ; and features vocals from Song Jieun . The music video for `` Secret Love '' contained behind the scenes footage of B.A.P 's `` Warrior '' and Bang & Zelo 's `` Never Give Up '' , and it served as a tribute video for their fans .
Background and release
After B.A.P ended the promotion for `` Warrior '' , TS Entertainment announced that they will have follow-up promotional single in March with `` Secret Love '' . The song features label mate Song Jieun of Secret . On February 27 , TS Entertainment revealed , “ Following B.A.P 's performance of Warrior on the February 26 episode of SBS ' Inkigayo , the members will begin promotions for Secret Love later this week and shed their tough masculine image to display a new side to them. ” The agency added , “ We contemplated quite a lot on which track we should follow up to Warrior off B.A.P 's debut album and since we wanted to show a new side of the group we decided on Secret Love . ”
The song served only as a promotional single with its music video being filmed with behind the scenes footage of `` Warrior '' and `` Never Give Up '' . It also serves as a tribute video to their fans .
Composition and theme
`` Secret Love '' is a promotional single from B.A.P 's first mini-album , Warrior ( EP ) . `` Secret Love '' is a R & B , Hip-Hop song with influences from Latin . The song runs for 3:27 ( 3 minutes , 27 seconds ) . It was written by Bang Yong Guk and Kang Jiwon ; and produced by Kang Jiwon and LOPTOMIST . The song features the vocals of label mate Song Jieun of Secret , taking the lyrics of the female part . The song lyrically tells the sad love story from the perspective of a celebrity and how they have to hold secret relationships .
Critical reception
iTunes wrote , `` Short for Best Absolute Perfect , BAP is a Korean boy band , and Warrior is its debut EP [ .... ] The real standout here is `` Secret Love , '' where the beats mellow out enough to actually hear the members rapping . It 's set to boom-baps , chill acoustic guitar strumming , and smooth singing from Secret 's Song Ji Eun . ''
Promotions
Chart performance
`` Secret Love '' peaked at number 132 on the Gaon Charts during March 10 , 2012 . It fared well on the Gaon Online BGM chart , entering at the top 20 while peaking at number 17 . The song also charted on the Gaon Mobile Chart at number 81 .
Live performances
`` Secret Love '' was first performed on B.A.P 's debut showcase in Seoul on January 28 , 2012 . On Korean music shows , B.A.P first performed `` Secret Love '' on M ! Countdown , on March 1 , 2012 . The group also performed `` Secret Love '' on Music Bank on March 2 . They also performed the song on Music Core , MTV 's The Show , Inkigayo and Music on Top .
Music video
Background
As a gift to their fans , TS Entertainment issued a music video for “ Secret Love ” on March 1 , 2012 . The video contains various behind the scenes footage from photo shoots , live performances , and their music video recording , such as in `` Warrior '' , Bang & Zelo 's `` Never Give Up '' and footage from their debut showcase on January 28 , 2012 .
Ta-Dah It 's B.A.P cut version
B.A.P 's new reality program titled ‘ Ta-Da , It 's B.A.P ‘ aired its 8th episode on February 26 , where they revealed the making of their music video for “ Secret Love ” . In the music video , member Him Chan displayed their acting skills by taking the role of a man who 's unable to express their love to a girl . However the music video never came in fruition as it was only intended for the show . TS Entertainment released a different music video for the song and it served as a tribute video for their fans .
Track listing
Korean single
Credits and personnel
These credits were adapted from the Warrior ( EP ) liner notes .
Bang Yong Guk - vocals , rap , songwriting
Choi Jun Hong ( Zelo ) - vocals , rap
Jung Dae Hyun - vocals
Yoo Young Jae - vocals
Kim Him Chan - vocals
Moon Jong Up - vocals
Kang Jiwon - producer , songwriting , music
Loptomist - producer , music
Charts
Release history
References
External links
B.A.P ( South Korean band ) songs
2012 songs
Korean-language songs
James Duke was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre-half .
References
Footballers from East Ayrshire
Scottish footballers
Association football defenders
Grimsby Town F.C . players
Scunthorpe United F.C . players
Bristol City F.C . players
Exeter City F.C . players
English Football League players
Year of birth missing
Pope Pius VI ( r. 1775–1799 ) created 73 cardinals in 23 consistories .
April 24 , 1775
Leonardo Antonelli
Bernardino de ' Vecchi
May 29 , 1775
Giovanni Carlo Bandi
July 17 , 1775
Francesco Maria Banditi
Ignazio Boncompagni-Ludovisi
November 13 , 1775
Juan Tomás de Boxadors
April 15 , 1776
Luigi Valenti Gonzaga , in pectore
Giovanni Archinto
May 20 , 1776
Guido Calcagnini
Angelo Maria Durini
June 23 , 1777
June 1 , 1778
July 12 , 1779
Franziskus Herzan von Harras
Alessandro Mattei
December 11 , 1780
Paolo Francesco Antamori
December 16 , 1782
Giuseppe Maria Capece Zurlo
Raniero Finocchietti
September 20 , 1784
Giovanni Andrea Archetti
February 14 , 1785
Giuseppe Garampi
Giuseppe Doria Pamphili
Vincenzo Ranuzzi
Carlo Bellisomi
Nicola Colonna di Stigliano
Gregorio Barnaba Chiaramonti
Muzio Gallo
Giovanni de Gregorio
Giovanni Maria Riminaldi
Paolo Massei
Francesco Carrara
Ferdinando Spinelli
Antonio Maria Doria Pamphilj
Carlo Livizzani
December 18 , 1786
Romualdo Braschi-Onesti
January 27 , 1787
Filippo Carandini
April 7 , 1788
José Francisco Miguel António de Mendoça
December 15 , 1788
Étienne Charles de Loménie de Brienne
March 30 , 1789
Antonino de Sentmenat y Cartellá
Francisco Antonio de Lorenzana
Ignazio Busca
Vittorio Gaetano Costa d'Arignano
Louis-Joseph de Montmorency-Laval
Joseph Franz Auersperg
Stefano Borgia
Tommaso Antici
Filippo Campanelli
August 3 , 1789
Ludovico Flangini
September 26 , 1791
Fabrizio Ruffo
June 18 , 1792
Giovanni Battista Caprara
February 21 , 1794
Antonio Dugnani
Ippolito Antonio Vincenti Mareri
Jean-Sifrein Maury
Giovanni Battista Bussi de Pretis
Francesco Maria Pignatelli
Aurelio Roverella
Giovanni Rinuccini
Filippo Lancellotti
June 1 , 1795
Giulio Maria della Somaglia
References
Pius 6
18th-century Catholicism
Pope Pius VI
College of Cardinals
Brasserie Jo was a Chicago restaurant that received a James Beard Foundation Award for Best New Restaurant in 1996 . Jean Joho was the founding chef . It closed in 2010 after being open for 15 years .
Jean Joho reopened the restaurant in Boston in 19998 . That location closed in October 2018 .
See also
James Beard Foundation Award : 1990s
References
James Beard Foundation Award winners
Defunct French restaurants in the United States
Defunct restaurants in Boston
Former restaurants in Chicago
Hong Hyun-hee ( born 24 January 1982 ) is a South Korean former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
South Korean women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of South Korea
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Hamisu Ibrahim Chidari , popularly known as Engr . Hamisu Ibrahim Chidari , is a Mechanical Engineer and a Nigerian politician who was elected the Speaker of the Kano State House of Assembly on 15 December 2020 .
Early life and education
Right Honourable Chidari was born in Chidari village of Makoda Local Government Area of Kano State , they attended Batta Primary School , Dambatta between 1975 and 1981 , they attended Government Secondary School , Dambatta between 1981 and 1986 , they also attended College of Arts , Science and Remedial Studies ( CAS ) between 1986 and 1988 , they obtained Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineer from Bayero University , Kano in 1992 .
Career
After their National Youth Service Corps in 1993 , they worked with Moland Communication Limited Ibadan , they also worked with ABG Communications Limited Kaduna between 1993 and 1996 , where they joined politics in 1996 .
Politics
Chidari was Elected the Chairman of Makoda Local Government Area of Kano State under the Military Administration of Colonel Dominic Oneya while General Sani Abacha was the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria after dissolution of all the political parties by Abacha in 1993 during the 1996 Local Government Election in Nigeria the representatives of the candidates stand while the voters queued behind the representative of the candidate of their choice and the electoral office counted , recorded and determined the winner thereafter , that is how Engineer Chidari emerged as the Chairman of Makoda Local Government Area in 1996 .
They become the member , in 1999 Nigerian general election , in 2003 Chidari lost their seat in Kano State House of Assembly , they joined the rest again in 2007 Nigerian general election where they emerge victories and retained the seat for good three elections that is 2011 , 2015 , and 2019 respectively where they are serving for the fifth term . they were in the circle of principal officers of the Kano State House of Assembly where they served as the Deputy Speaker where they voluntarily stepped down from the Deputy Speaker because of the crises in the House for peace to rise when Kabiru Alhassan Rurum wanted to be in the circle of principal office again , after they were resigned from the leadership of the house on 4 July 2017 who was the speaker at that time , Rurum became the Deputy Speaker in 2018 Chadari returned to their position of the Deputy Speaker immediately after the impeachment of Yusuf Abdullahi Ata on 30 July 2018 and Kabiru Alhassan Rurum returned to their position of the Speaker of Kano State House of Assembly .
In the 2019 Nigerian general election Chidari was re-elected to Kano State House of Assembly and the House Members asked them to continue as the Deputy Speaker when the elected Abdulaziz Garba Gafasa as the Speaker of Kano State House of Assembly , Right Honourable Abdulaziz Garba Gafasa resigned on 14 December 2020 and Chidari was elected the Speaker of the House on 15 December 2020 .
References
1967 births
Living people
Politicians from Kano
People from Kano State
21st-century Nigerian politicians
Candidates in the 2015 Nigerian general election
Bayero University Kano alumni
Bayero University people
Nigerian Muslims
Antonio Catalani ( also called Il Romano ) ( c. 1596 – 1666 ) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and early-Baroque periods . They might have been the same person as the painter Antonio Catalano ( il giovane ) of whom is said that they were born in Messina in 1583/1585 and died there in 1666 .
They were born in Bologna . They were a pupil of Francesco Albani . They painted several pictures for the churches at Bologna , although they were more employed on cabinet pictures for the private collections . They painted the patron Saints of the city in four niches for the church of La Madonna del Grado in Bologna , and a St. Peter healing the Lame at the Gate of the Temple for the Gesu .
Sources
1590s births
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Painters from Bologna
Italian Baroque painters
Year of death unknown
SETWIN short for Society for Employment Promotion & Training in Twin Cities is an organization owned by Government of Telangana to create employment and self-employment opportunities to unemployed persons of twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad by providing training in various courses at nominal fees .
History
SETWIN was established on 15 August 1978 . SETWIN was started under the patronage of Chief Minister Dr. Marri Channa Reddy with the Chairman and Managing Director Khader Ali Khan , IAS . After formation of Telangana state , chief Minister K.Chandrashekhar Rao appointed P.Vidyanadha Rao as Managing Director of Setwin in 2015 . Mir Inayath Ali Baqri was appointed as Chairman SETWIN by the Chief Minister in 2017 .
Organisation
In addition to its centres , SETWIN operates various production units such as printing presses , cane weaving centres , book binding .
Since 2007 SETWIN has extended its services from Hyderabad to districts to improve self-employment opportunities in rural areas . The 32nd and 33rd training centres of SETWIN were inaugurated at APSP 10th Battalion , Mahaboobnagr District and 2nd Battalion at APSP , Kurnool District by SETWIN Chairman Mohd Maqsood Ahmed .
In July 2015 SETWIN started the `` Eeyoumin '' scheme for students from poor minorities and as well providing placements to students who successfully complete their course and who enroll in the scheme . Students get free admission in the 16 different courses at different SETWIN training centres . This scheme was started by P. Vaidynath Rao , Managing Director of SETWIN in collaboration with the Department of Youth services and the Minority welfare department .
At present K.VenuGopala Rao , has taken charge as Managing Director , SETWIN . They are working hard for the development of SETWIN , They have brought many schemes and conducted job mela 's for helping unemployed youth . With an idea to help unemployed youth and their career , SETWIN , Managing Director K.Venugopala Rao guided their employees to develop a site .
Transport services
In addition to providing training and operating various production units , SETWIN also operates minibuses to augment TSRTC services in Hyderabad . The SETWIN bus services were started in October 1979 .
The SETWIN buses were stopped due to poor quality of buses and high accident rates . However , in 2006 the services were resumed .
References
External links
State agencies of Telangana
Government of Telangana
Transport in Telangana
Organisations based in Hyderabad , India
Transport in Hyderabad , India
Organizations established in 1978
Employment agencies of India
1978 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Public employment service
Puneet Beniwal ( born 14 February 1989 ) is an Indian Actor and model . They were declared as 1st Runner-up at Mr India World 2014 .
Early life
Beniwal was born in New Delhi . They did their schooling from S.G.N , New Delhi . They hold a degree in Bachelor of Commerce from Sri Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce , Delhi University , and did MBA from Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University .
Career
They are an Indian Model and the 1st runner-up of Mister India World 2014 . They have walked the runway for top designers like Kenneth Cole , Rohit Bal , Manish Malhotra , Rohit Gandhi + Rahul Khanna , Varun Bhal , Raghavendra Rathore , Sabyasachi and others .
Mr India World 2014
They participated in Mr India World 2014 and was declared 1st Runner-Up . The contest was won by Prateik Jain .
References
See also
Prateik Jain
Mr India World
Sushant Divgikar
Mr India World 2014
Living people
Indian male models
1989 births
Godfridus Mathias ( Godfried ) Pieters ( born 25 November 1936 ) is a Dutch sculptor .
Life and work
Pieters was educated at the Maastricht Institute of Arts and the Jan van Eyck Academie in Maastricht . Their oeuvre shows a preference for the human figure ( especially torsos and heads ) and nature ( birds , fish and plants and tubers ) , which they depict in a realistic style .
Works
References
1936 births
Living people
Dutch male sculptors
20th-century Dutch sculptors
21st-century Dutch sculptors
People from Bunde
Marvin Sidney Hill ( 1928–2016 ) was a professor of American history at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) and a historian of the Latter Day Saint movement .
Biography
Born on August 28 , 1928 , Hill completed their Master of Arts in history at BYU in 1955 . They received a PhD in American intellectual history from the University of Chicago in 1968 and studied under Martin E. Marty and wrote their dissertation on Christian primitivism and Mormonism . Hill attended the University of Chicago at the same time as Dallin H. Oaks , and their mutual interest in the murder of the Mormon founder Joseph Smith in Illinois led to a ten-year research effort . Together , they published the book Carthage Conspiracy : The Trial of the Accused Assassins of Joseph Smith in 1975 while both were working at BYU , Hill as a professor of history and Oaks as the president of BYU . It won the Mormon History Association 's best book award for 1976 .
Hill was a professor of American history at BYU starting in the 1960s . In 1972 , they took leave from BYU to accept a post-doctoral research fellowship at Yale University . They have also served as president of the Mormon History Association and on the board of editors of the Journal of Mormon History .
In Mormon studies , Hill was a well-known proponent of the new Mormon history and advocated a `` middle ground '' approach that did not seek to describe Mormonism as authentic or fraudulent .
Hill married Lila Foster in 1953 . They had six children and lived in Provo , Utah . They were the brother of Donna Hill ( 1921–2007 ) , the author of the noted 1977 biography Joseph Smith , the First Mormon . They died in Pleasant Grove , Utah , on July 27 , 2016 .
Awards
1975 : Best Book Award for Carthage Conspiracy with Dallin H. Oaks ( Mormon History Association )
1977 : Best Article By a Senior Author for `` The Kirtland Economy Revisited '' with C. Keith Rooker and Larry T. Wimmer ( Mormon History Association )
1989 : Best Book Award for Quest for Refuge ( Mormon History Association )
Writings
Books
Published concurrently in BYU Studies 17 .
Articles
Other
References
External links
The Marvin S. Hill papers at the University of Utah
Photograph of Marvin Hill
1928 births
2016 deaths
American Latter Day Saint writers
Brigham Young University alumni
Brigham Young University faculty
Historians of the Latter Day Saint movement
Latter Day Saints from Illinois
Latter Day Saints from Massachusetts
Latter Day Saints from Utah
University of Chicago alumni
Writers from Provo , Utah
Yangoupokpi-Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary ( ) is an Indo-Burma wildlife sanctuary in Chandel district of Manipur . It is in the Indo-Myanmar border about 110 km from Imphal . It has an area of 184.80 square kilometers .
The ecosystem of this wildlife sanctuary is unique and vibrant . It represents the Indo-Myanmar biological diversity ( Indo-Burma ) . It is because of the strategic location of the wildlife sanctuary in the meeting point of the two major geographical zones , India and Myanmar ( Burma ) .
History
Yangoupokpi-Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary was established in the year 1989 .
Fauna
Hoolock gibbon ( ) is the only ape species found in India . It lives in this wildlife sanctuary . Others include wild bear ( ) , Himalayan Black Bear ( ) , Malayan Sun Bear ( ) , Slow loris ( ) or ( ) , Stump-tailed macaque , Serow , Indian Civet cat , Common otter ( Eurasian otter ) , pangolin , leopard ( ) . Sometimes , elephants ( ) also migrated from the Indo-Myanmar border .
Visiting seasons
The best season to visit the sanctuary is from October to April . The best time to visit is during the early morning .
Rest houses
There are some rest houses in and around the sanctuary . These are : ( 1 ) Forest Rest House , Moreh , ( 2 ) Indo-Myanmar Trade Center Rest House , Moreh , ( 3 ) Transit Camp at Wildlife Office , Moreh .
See also
Imphal Peace Museum
INA War Museum
Kakching Garden
Keibul Lamjao National Park - world 's only floating national park in Manipur , India
Khonghampat Orchidarium
Loktak Folklore Museum
Manipur State Museum
Manipur Zoological Garden
Mizoram–Manipur–Kachin rain forests
Phumdi - Floating biomasses in Manipur , India
Sekta Archaeological Living Museum
References
External links
Yangoupokpi - Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary - datazone.birdlife.org
Yangoupokpi Lokchao Wild life Sanctuary - e-pao.net
‘ Sounds of wildlife no longer heard at Yangoupokpi Lokchao in Tengnoupal ' - www.ifp.co.in
Yangoupokpi sanctuary under threat - www.thesangaiexpress.com
Yangoupokpi-Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary - kanglaonline.com
Protected areas
Manipur
A constitutional referendum was held in Dahomey ( now Benin ) and French Togoland on 13 October 1946 as part of the wider French constitutional referendum . The new proposed new constitution was rejected by 72.8 % of voters , with a turnout of 47.5 % . However , the constitution was approved by a majority of voters in the overall results .
Results
References
1946 referendums
October 1946 events in Africa
1946 2
1946 in French Dahomey
1946 2
1946 in French Togoland
1946 2
Constitutional referendums in France
The Andrew O. Anderson House , also known as the A. O. Anderson House , is a Prairie style house in the city of DeKalb , Illinois , United States . The house was designed by American architect John S. Van Bergen around 1913 and built around 1916 . Van Bergen designed many Prairie homes and was an associate of famous architect Frank Lloyd Wright . Throughout its history the Anderson House has been mistaken for a residence designed by Wright . The Anderson House contains many elements common to both Prairie style in general and some of Wright 's early Prairie designs . The house was constructed for DeKalb clothing merchant Andrew O. Anderson about 14 years after an original house project on the site fell through .
History
The Anderson House was probably designed sometime around 1913 by Oak Park , Illinois native John S. Van Bergen , the house was not built until 1916 . The history of the property , on Augusta Avenue in DeKalb , and Prairie style began in 1901 when another Oak Park architect , E.E . Roberts , was commissioned to design a home on the site for A.W . Fisk . Fisk was a business manager for the Ellwood Green Percheron horse business . Local news reports hyped the project , scheduled to be built in 1902 , because Roberts was a well-known architect and probably the first of the Prairie School to receive a commission in DeKalb . The project never began , and the property stood empty until 1916 .
In 1916 the lot was purchased by a local clothing merchant , Andrew O. Anderson , a Swedish immigrant . Anderson lived in several locations around DeKalb including the Glidden House Hotel before they and their brother Frank decided to build homes for their respective families . Oral tradition has held that the two brothers , and business partners held a friendly wager based on which brother found a better design for their home . Anderson sought out a noted Prairie style architect after being impressed by such a home in Maywood , Illinois . The home in Maywood that had impressed Anderson was designed by Van Bergen who had worked and studied under Solon S. Beman , Roberts , and Frank Lloyd Wright . By 1916 , Van Bergen would become the best `` imitator '' of Wright and was noted for their residential work .
Architecture
The house is a distinct example of the Prairie style of architecture first pioneered by Frank Lloyd Wright . The design , by Prairie School architect John S. Van Bergen , is nearly identical to one of their early commissions in Wilmette , Illinois , the C. Percy Skillin House . The major difference between the Anderson and Skillin Houses is found on the exterior facades . The Anderson House is clad in a yellow-orange brick and has stone sills and trim , in contrast with the Skillin House which has stucco cladding and cypress sills and trim .
Though the home has had alterations , it looks much the same as it did in a 1924 photograph . Alterations include window replacement ; the existing four over four divided windows are out of character in Prairie style designs . On the front of the house the veranda has been enclosed and angled downspouts have been added which detract from the horizontal nature of the building .
The original home , as designed by Van Bergen has long been mistaken for a Frank Lloyd Wright design . The design reflects many elements of Prairie style that Wright was employed during the first decade of the 20th century . The brick clad exterior was one of the exterior coverings Wright used at the time and it is found prominently in the Anderson House . The house sits low to the ground , like many ideal Prairie style structures , and its front door is not immediately visible nor apparent , also common to Prairie homes . Other Prairie style features are found throughout the design : three walls of continuous casement windows , rooms and portions of rooms jut out in a horizontal manner and the living room has an entire wall occupied by a fireplace . The dominating fireplace is another Wright trademark . The house has distinct horizontal line and a low pitched red clay tile roof accented by Prairie style overhanging eaves . The yellow brick contrasts nicely with the stone and white painted trim .
Van Bergen 's design for the Anderson House does deviate from the typical Wright-designed Prairie style house . Wright 's early Prairie designs were characterized by the use of cubes and blocks ; a good example is the James Charnley House in Chicago , a structure Wright designed while working for Adler and Sullivan . These elements are found in the Anderson House 's rear elevation but the front of the house lacks these features of mature Prairie style .
See also
Allan Miller House
References
McAlester , Virginia & Lee . A Field Guide to American Houses , Alfred A. Knopf , Inc , New York : 1984 , pp . 439–451 , ( ) .
`` Andrew Anderson House , '' Property Information Report , Illinois Historic Preservation Agency , accessed May 14 , 2008 .
Notes
Houses completed in 1916
DeKalb , Illinois
Houses in DeKalb County , Illinois
Jack Mosley is an American boxing coach and manager , from the United States and the father of World Champion Shane Mosley . They were selected to receive the Futch–Condon Award for the 1998 Trainer of the Year by the Boxing Writers Association of America ( BWAA ) .
References
Living people
Boxing trainers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Hermaphrodite is an incomplete novel by Julia Ward Howe about an intersex individual raised as a male in the United States in the first half of the nineteenth century , who in adulthood lives sometimes as a female and sometimes as a male . Its date of composition is uncertain , but estimated to be between 1846 and 1847 . The term `` hermaphrodite '' was used until the mid-20th century to identify someone having reproductive organs normally associated with both male and female sexes ..
Plot introduction
Laurence narrates the story . Though Laurence is intersex and as a child displays normative gender characteristics of both sexes , their unsettled father , Paternus , decides to raise Laurence as a male . Sent away college , they excel in their studies , particularly in writing poetry that inflames the passions of an older widow , Emma . Laurence is not attracted to them and displays asexual tendencies . On the night of their graduation , Emma professes their love for him . When informed that Laurence is intersex , they go into a deep state of shock and soon dies .
Laurence reacts with great emotion and returns home to their cold father . Paternus now displays how Laurence 's condition repulses them and expresses their regret that Laurence will never father a male heir . They offer Laurence their inheritance in a premature bulk sum , if they will agree to allow Paternus to disown him . Laurence vehemently rejects the offer , instead offering the money to their younger ( and gender-neutral ) brother , Phil , in the hope that their brother will share the estate with them upon their father 's death .
At one point Laurence hears two men compare them to the `` lovely hermaphrodite '' in the sculpture collection of the Villa Borghese , the Sleeping Hermaphroditus .
Laurence ( also called Laurent ) lives most of their life as a man and then spends a period living as a woman . Both men and women fall in love with them and they respond to both . They explain how they have chosen to favor men or women : `` When I wished to trifle , I preferred the latter . When I wished to reason gravely , I chose the former . ''
At the end of the story the secret is discovered , and some friends discuss the nature of Laurence 's sexuality . Their observations are reflective of nineteenth-century views of gender .
A male friend Berto observes , `` I recognize nothing distinctly feminine in the intellectual nature of Laurent , ... they are sometimes poetical and rhapsodical , but they reason severely and logically , even as a man -- he has moreover stern notions of duty which bend and fashion their life , instead of living fashioned by it , as is the case with women . ''
A female friend Briseida says , `` I recognize in Laurent much that is strictly feminine , ... and in the name of the female sex , I claim them as one of us . Them modesty , their purity , their tenderness of heart belong only to woman .... It is true that they can reason better than most women , yet is they most themselves when they feel , when they follow that instinctive , undoubting sense of inner truths which is only given to women and to angels . ''
A physician ( `` the Medicus '' ) , as well as Berto and Briseida , also describe Laurence in terms of a unified gender :
`` one presenting a beautiful physical development , and combining in the spiritual nature all that is most attractive in either sex . ''
`` the poetic dream of the ancient sculptor , more beautiful , though less human , than either man or woman . ''
`` I can not pronounce Laurent either man or woman ... I shall speak most justly if I say they are rather both than neither . ''
`` a heavenly superhuman mystery , one undivided , integral soul , needing not to seek on earth its other moiety , needing only to adore the God above it , and to labour for its brethren around it . ''
It is this unified-gender analysis which seems to prevail and conclude Laurence 's story .
Major themes
The text is unique , especially for the time period in which it was written . Its Romantic themes of self-discovery , sublimity in nature , and the tumultuous intersection between death and love combine with more modern investigations of asexuality and challenges to cultural patriarchy , to produce a story that is at once a reminder of a particular time in American history , and yet also a remarkably prophetic speculation about changes to come .
Publication history
Howe 's first published work was a review in the Literary and Theological Review of Joselyn by Alphonse de Lamartine . In that tale , the title character at first struggles to understand their attraction to a young man named Laurence , and Laurence is eventually discovered to be biologically female . In 1843 Howe described something that may be a version of what has become known as The Hermaphrodite :
Howe did not have their novel published . Howe 's granddaughter donated several boxes of Howe 's papers to the Houghton Library at Harvard in 1951 and the manuscript–roughly 400 pages–was discovered there in 1977 by Mary H. Grant , a graduate student doing research . Grant described the experience as frustrating `` because it was going to take hours of precious research time to try to make sense of this wandering document when I had so little babysitting time available in which to work . '' The manuscript lacks a title page and there is no record of the title Howe intended for them novel . The novel 's date of composition is uncertain .
Gary Williams , a professor at the University of Idaho , read the text at Harvard in 1995 . They hypothesize that it was probably written between 1846 and 1847 . The manuscript , which they also call the `` Laurence manuscript '' , is a series of fragments and is missing large passages . The edition that they published in 2004 starts with the second page of the manuscript , lacks the original 's pages 118 to 132 , and contains a third segment that is composed `` of several much shorter manuscript fragments , only one of which is numbered and some of which are different drafts of the same scene '' .
Notes
References
Bibliography
Howe , Julia Ward . The Hermaphrodite . Edited by Gary Williams . Lincoln : University of Nebraska Press , 2004 .
Showalter , Elaine . The Civil Wars of Julia Ward Howe ( NY : Simon & Schuster , 2016 )
Williams , Gary . Hungry Heart : The Literary Emergence of Julia Ward Howe . Amherst : University of Massachusetts Press , 1999 .
Williams , Gary , and Renee Bergland , eds . Philosophies of Sex : Critical Essays on The Hermaphrodite . Columbus : Ohio State University Press , 2012 .
Unfinished novels
Novels about intersex
2004 American novels
Novels published posthumously
Books published by university presses
American LGBT novels
