John Bennet Marks ( 1777 – March 7 , 1872 ) was a naval clerk , farmer and political figure in Upper Canada . They represented Frontenac in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1836 to 1841 as a Conservative .
They were born in Plymouth , England . Marks joined the Royal Navy in 1793 and later came to Upper Canada . They served as purser for the Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard during the War of 1812 . They were secretary to Commodore Robert Barrie from 1819 to 1834 and a naval storekeeper in Kingston from 1834 to 1844 . They were the patron of St. Mark 's church , Barriefield . Marks retired to a farm near Barriefield . They served as a colonel in the militia and was a justice of the peace for the Midland District . Marks died in Kingston .
References
Further reading
Johnson , JK Becoming Prominent : Regional Leadership in Upper Canada , 1791–1841 ( 1989 ) p. 214
1777 births
1872 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada
Canadian justices of the peace
Glyphipterix cometophora is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1880 . It is found in south-east Australia , including Tasmania .
References
Moths described in 1880
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Australia
Taxi ! Taxi ! is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Melville W. Brown and written by Melville W. Brown and Raymond Cannon . It is based on the 1925 short story of the same name by George Weston that was originally serialized in The Saturday Evening Post magazine . The film stars Edward Everett Horton , Marian Nixon , Burr McIntosh , and Edward Martindel . The film was released on April 24 , 1927 by Universal Pictures under their 'Jewel ' banner .
Plot
Peter Whitby , who works as a draftsman in a large architectural firm , is commissioned to meet Rose , the niece of Zimmerman , president of the company , at the station . The girl is favorably impressed by Peter and asks to have them as a companion on their tour of the city . The two go to eat at a restaurant where Rose 's uncle had forbidden them to go . At the club , Zimmerman is having a meeting with Parmalee , a wealthy business person . Rose and Peter , in order not to be seen by their uncle , leave , however , arousing the suspicions of an investigator . Unable to find a taxi , Peter buys one , ignoring that it is the `` white taxi '' , a car used in some robberies and murders . Zimmerman wants to send Rose home , while Peter tries to fetch the girl . Pursued by the police , by Zimmerman and Parmalee , the two young men manage to get to a justice of the peace who marries them while , in the meantime , the real criminals of the `` white taxi '' are arrested .
Cast
Edward Everett Horton as Peter Whitby
Marian Nixon as Rose Zimmerman
Burr McIntosh as Grant Zimmerman
Edward Martindel as David Parmalee
William V. Mong as Nosey Ricketts
Lucien Littlefield as Billy Wallace
Freeman Wood as Jersey
Helen Ferguson as Undetermined Secondary Role ( uncredited )
Preservation
The film is now considered lost .
References
External links
1927 comedy films
1927 films
Silent American comedy films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Universal Pictures films
Lost American films
Films directed by Melville W. Brown
1927 lost films
Lost comedy films
1920s American films
Spyros Vlachos ( ; born 19 January 1996 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Super League 2 club Egaleo .
References
1996 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Football League ( Greece ) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Fostiras F.C . players
A.E . Sparta P.A.E . players
Apollon Pontou FC players
A.E . Karaiskakis F.C . players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Athens
USCGC Friedman ( WMSL-760 ) is the eleventh of the United States Coast Guard . They are the first ship to be named after Elizebeth Smith Friedman , the famous American cryptologist .
Development and design
All of Legend-class cutters were constructed by Huntington Ingalls Industries and were part of the Integrated Deepwater System Program . They are of the high endurance cutter roles with additional upgrades to make it more of an asset to the Department of Defense during declared national emergency contingencies . The cutters are armed mainly to take on lightly-armed hostiles in Low-Threat Environments .
Construction and career
Friedman and their sister ship were ordered on 21 December 2018 . Construction by Huntington Ingalls Industries began on 11 May 2021 .
References
Legend-class cutters
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
Cisneros is a village in Buenaventura Municipality , Valle del Cauca Department in Colombia . It is located at the border between Buenaventura and Dagua municipalities .
Climate
Cisneros has a tropical rainforest climate ( Af ) with heavy rainfall year-round .
References
Populated places in the Valle del Cauca Department
Hugo Raúl Carballo ( April 23 , 1944 in Resistencia , Argentina – September 30 , 1998 in Resistencia , Argentina ) is a former Argentine naturalized Chilean footballer who played for clubs of Argentina and Chile .
Teams
Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata 1966–1968
River Plate 1969–1971
Atlanta 1972–1974
Universidad de Chile 1975–1982
Santiago Wanderers 1983
O'Higgins 1984
Huachipato 1985
References
Profile at BDFA
1944 births
1998 deaths
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Chilean footballers
Chilean expatriate footballers
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Club Atlético Atlanta footballers
C.D . Huachipato footballers
Universidad de Chile footballers
O'Higgins F.C . footballers
Santiago Wanderers footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Naturalized citizens of Chile
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Association footballers not categorized by position
People from Resistencia , Chaco
Sportspeople from Chaco Province
Anyar is a Malayalam language fiīlm of India . It was released on 19 September 2003 . The film deals with the hot topic of communal polarisation in Kerala . The film stars Jyothirmayi and Biju Menon
Plot
Sooraj and Razia are college mates . Some incidents make them fall for each other and both of them end up spending the night together . After that , they start facing social problems because of their different religions . Razia becomes a journalist and Sooraj becomes a filmmaker . At one point , both of them break up and Razia , who arrives at Sooraj 's house to apologize , is shocked to see Sooraj making out with another girl . After some years both of them get reunited .
Cast
Jyothirmayi as Raziya
Biju Menon as Sooraj
Lal as Raghavan
Rati Agnihotri as Kamala
References
2003 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Lenin Rajendran
Films scored by Mohan Sithara
ARKEN Museum of Modern Art ( ) is a private non-for-profit charity , state authorised , contemporary art museum in Ishøj near Copenhagen , the capital of Denmark . The museum is amongst Denmark 's major contemporary and modern art ventures , encompassing significant international cultural works and exhibitions . Arken is located in the suburb-city Ishøj , close to Køge ( Køge bugt ) , twenty kilometres south of Copenhagen , Denmark . Arken museum was designed by 25-year old architect student Søren Robert Lund in a distinct architectural form and was authorised by Copenhagen County . It was inaugurated on 15 March 1996 and was conceived by Queen Margrethe ; their majesty of Denmark .
Arken Museum of Modern Art 's collection offers major works of over 400 Danish , Scandinavian and International post- war art , including renowned creations by Damien Hirst , Olafur Eliasson , Anselm Reyle Shirin Neshat , Wolfgang Tillmans , Danish / Norwegian duo Ingar Dragset and Michael Elmgreen and many more . Arken , due to its synthesis of contemporary art , maritime architecture and landscape , is also acknowledged as a milestone in Danish Architecture . The museum showcases an overview of contemporary and modern art , presenting cultural and research-based exhibitions , architecture and design , sculptural artefacts , paintings , prints , site installations and mixed-media displays .
History , context and influences
Arken ( Danish for ‘ the Ark ' ) , created and publicised in 1996 , as an idiosyncratic and distinct architectural form , featuring an amassed assembly of international works . The history of Arken Museum of Modern Art has been embarked back to the museum 's foundation of formulating a unit of international proportions and an active dynamic space .
The museum re-opened in January 2008 after major refurbishing , which included an expansion providing an additional 50 % of gallery-space .
Before Arken : 1988-1992
In the 20th century , there was a global growth of contemporary art museums , significantly the Museum of Modern Art was opened in 1988 . Collectively , this influenced a rise and a prominent increase in cultural institutions to showcase both local and international art . It has played a major role in the development and collection of contemporary art .
In 1988 , an architectural competition for the creation of a new contemporary art museum in southwest of Copenhagen took place . This resulted in 25-year-old student architect , Søren Robert Lund effectively winning first-prize of the competition and awarded the commission of its design which was finalised in 1992 . The title `` Arken '' was also chosen from the open architectural competition . The initial idea was for Arken to be located on the beach as a characteristic maritime architectural form to reflect its Danish title . Due to conservation reasons , the museum was built back behind low sand dunes and between a lagoon .
1996-1999
Prior to the museum 's inauguration , there were several years of significant social , cultural and political changes within Denmark , in the late 20th Century . In the 1960s , the municipalities south of Copenhagen showcased a rapid growth in residents , particularly immigrants of Kurdish , Turkish and Pakistani nationalities . A trend that further strengthened the area 's multicultural development was the migration of inner-city residents to the districts south of Copenhagen . This gave rise to an influx of multicultural regions in Denmark , in turn , fusing local and international art .
21st Century
Arken , as a cultural institution in transition , undertook two major renovation and expansion designed by original architect Søren Robert Lund alongside C.F . Møller Architects . The museum encompassed permanent collections and donations of works from 2005-2008 by Damien Hirst , Marc Quinn , Mona Hatoum , Jeppe Hein , Jeff Koons and Elmgreen & Dragset
ARKEN also published the Arken Bulletin which is a place of discussion amongst international academia on artistic theory and museology .
Each year ARKEN awards the 'ARKENs kunstpris ' prize of 100,000 Danish kroner to a contemporary artist .
Architecture
The museum is designed and built as a deconstructive , nautically- inspired architectural form . In a cultural institution , this style of architecture has come under public notice through Museum of Modern Art 's 1988 Deconstructivist Architecture exhibition in New York , featuring notable works of Daniel Libeskind , Frank Gehry , and Zaha Hadid . Deconstructivist architecture has been invigorated publicly by Jacques Derrida , Peter Eisenman and Bernard Tschumi . This wave of deconstruction in architectural form became prominent in Europe in the 1980s , a style Søren Robert Lundin used to design Arken . The museum reflects this movement and extension from the rational approach of modernism . Architectural deconstructivism requires an existence of an archetypal construction , a strong dialect of conventional presence to experiment flexibility against . Arken museum is conceived as a shipwreck architectural form , embodying spatial envelopes , altered geometric massing 's and subversion , showcasing an effective act of deconstruction .
Deconstructivist architecture , with its inclination towards deformation and dislocation , bears angular forms and abstract geometries , as defined in Arken 's exterior and interior space . The museum displays deconstructivism by `` breaking down the epitomised idea of a building , exposing its inside to its outside , reconstructing a variety of spaces , and forcing different access points . ''
Arken 's formal plan incorporates assembled building parts , split and fragmented to create a fragmented ship form and a floor plan with slanted angles . Contrasting colours of grey to red walls , large open rooms to small rooms , and slanted building angles with curved galleries creates visible deconstruction . Arken models geometric imbalance and fragmentation to oppose modernism notions of `` form follows function '' , `` truth to material '' and `` purity of form . ''
Extensions
Since its inauguration in 1966 , the museum has undergone architectural and spatial reformation , responding to contemporary agendas of social change . Arken 's expansion and periodic transformation increased public accessibility space by 50 % compared to its initial built space in 1996 , making the space open to change and a `` contemporary museological practice . '' The expansion enabled Arken to shift its approach from presenting its archives of paintings , design and artworks on paper towards a display of integrated large sculptural masses such as the UTOPIA Project .
Extension 1 : 2008-2009
The Museum reopened its doors publicly on 5 September 2009 , following a renovation constructed by Arken 's original architect Søren Robert Lund and design partner , CF Møller Architect . The refurbishment consisted of 3 sections : a new sculpture gallery and main entrance by Søren Robert Lund , and education and experience workshop areas designed by Anna Maria Indrio of CF Møller Architects .
This extension significantly expanded Arken 's new exhibit room to 1600m2 , with the total area being 5000m2 . The museum eradicated load-bearing walls or columns in all individual rooms , with the new exhibition hall structured as four white quadrants . Air conditioning structures were recessed into walls and security equipment was placed in floor boxed beneath steel plates , as C.F . Møller aimed to retain Arken 's `` existing facade 's rhythm and proportions . ''
The ceilings were lowered , and a new white box design was introduced . The annexes designers were Anna Maria Indrio as part of C.F.Møllers Tegnestue . Annie and Otto Johs . Detlefs ' Foundation financially backed up the new 1100 m2 extension , both donating approximately $ 10 million . The Detlefs Hall designed for displaying sculptural works and additional extension of educational workshop rooms were incorporated and refurbished across the north side of the building . The redesigned entrance leads to a new 600m2 large room , functioning as the core of the museum , and being a central point for all rooms and amenities .
Extension 2 : 2016
The donation and financial investment for Arken 's second extension was given by A.P.Møller and Hustru Chastine , McKinney Møller Foundation for General Purposes , enabling a water landscape . The excavation of extensive areas surrounding the gallery aimed to recognise the museum 's characteristic maritime architecture and the surrounding landscape as an `` Island of Art . '' The museum was moved to an island instead of the original plan of a beach-side placement due to environmental conservation factors that relate to the ecological balance and heritage . This extension provides maritime landscape of three road bridges , two pedestrian bridges , lagoons , native plantations and an architectural sculptural park . The refurbishment and extension were managed by Schul Landskabsarkitekter in conjunction with Møller and Grønborg , as a `` transition from nature to culture . ''
The two pedestrian bridges were formally reconstructed diagonally on the museum 's main axis to create a transitional causeway from the maritime landscape to the gallery .
Collections
The Museum is a home to significant international cultural pieces and notable displays from a collective assemble of over 400 artists . The collection spans from World War IIin 1945 to the present day , incorporating permanent caches by Damien Hirst , Olafur Eliasson , Ai Wei Wei , Ingar Dragset and Michael Elmgreen and Asger Jorn .
The Museum 's collection incorporates two underpinning themes : ( 1 ) the human condition of modernistic man and ( 2 ) about art that questions the essential definition of art itself , via new media , mixed-materials and sculptural forms .
Situated on the left of the entrance on Arken 's forecourt is a sculpture of a child riding a rocking horse , labelled Powerless Structures by Ingar Dragset and Michael Elmgreen . The equestrian statue aims to honour the heroism of humanism.The image of a young boy astride their rocking horse encourages viewers to consider the less spectacular events in their lives , which are often the most important . The sculpture invokes life 's everyday activities and questions the tradition of monuments predicated on military victory or defeat .
Arken 's archives hold a permanent display of British artist , Damien Hirst . Notable displays include : Love 's Paradox , 2007 , Beautiful Strummerville Spin , 2010 and 2-Amino-5-Bromobenzotrifluoride , 2011 which measures 4.57 by 14.32 metres and is curated size-specific to fit in Arken . These donations were by Dennis and Jytte Merla Dresing of the Merla Foundation . The collection of Damien Hirst works were assembled in a `` Hirst Room '' , a gallery space dedicated to showcase their works . Other installations were a 2.5 metre bronzed statue entitled Saint Bartholomew , 2006 and a diamond entrusted skull titled , For the love of God . For the Love of God stretched all boundaries of art production as this human skull adorned with 8,601 diamonds cost £15 million to manufacture and was labelled with a stiff price of £50 million
Selected collection highlights
Exhibitions
Arken highlights temporary annual exhibitions , wielding as thematic or artist-specific in nature to `` safeguard Denmark 's cultural heritage . '' There are on-going displays from 1996 to present , with a few notable and renowned works presented from the museum 's portfolio .
UTOPIA Project
A research-based series of exhibition that was held in 2008–2011 at Arken Museum of Modern Art , encompasses works of `` A Chinese railroad , a floor and wall painting and a corridor full of fog '' . Throughout the years , each exhibition presented notable international artists , exploring the notions of `` the good life '' in large-scale installations . The exhibition consisted of two parts : Utopia Revisted and Utopian Positions , incorporating solo shows by Qiu Anxiong , Katharina Grosse , and Olafur Eliasson to showcase `` the reformulations of utopia in contemporary art . '' Grosse stages the museum space as an intermediate state between physical , phenomenological reality and an imaginary , as yet unformulated ‘ elsewhere ' that opens up in the painting installation 's brilliantly coloured clouds .
India : Art Now
Held from the period 18 August 2012 to 13 January 2013 , this exhibition was the biggest in Arken 's history . It showcased Indian installation art by 13 artists and artist groups with the themes of the exhibition being `` The Urban Space '' , `` Identity and Everyday Life '' and `` Self-articulation . '' The museum displayed large-scale installation of saris , artistic replications of street vendors and high-tech shadow plays .
Van Gogh
An exhibition held on 1 September 2018 , holding 39 works curated by infamous artist Vincent van Gogh . It was the first exhibition in over fifty years dedicated to van Gogh 's paintings and drawing in Denmark . The exhibition was in collaboration with Kröller-Müller Museum , exclusively focusing on humanity , religion and nature as thematic retrospect on Van Gogh 's art .
Young Danish Art : Forecasting the Future
An exhibition from 17 August 2019- 15 March 2020 applying an array of sculptures , installations , animated films and structures , featuring political and cultural changes in contemporary art . The exhibition presents overarching themes of `` work culture , belonging and climate crisis . ''
See also
Køge Bugt Strandpark
References
External links
Official ARKEN Museum of Modern Art website — including ARKEN information in English
Literature
`` Arken - Museum of Modern Art at Ishøj , Denmark '' / Henrik Sten Møller . - in Living architecture , 1997 , no . 15 , pp . 116–133 .
`` The Arken Art Museum extension '' . - in Arkitektur DK , 2008 , vol . 52 , no . 4 , pp 32–38 .
ARKEN : The place and the art / edited by Christian Gether ... [ et al. ] . - Denmark , Arken Museum of Modern Art , 2016 .
Museums in the Capital Region of Denmark
Buildings and structures in Ishøj Municipality
Modern art museums
Contemporary art galleries in Denmark
Buildings and structures completed in 1996
Art museums and galleries in Denmark
Art museums established in 1996
1996 establishments in Denmark
Kutty is a common Tamil surname . Kutty is also a word in Tamil which means 'child ' . In Tamil it is more often it comes as a suffix , and does not become a surname . Notable people bearing it include :
Ahmad Kutty , North American Islamic scholar
Asha Kelunni Kutty ( born 1966 ) , or Revathi , Indian actor and film director
B. M. Kutty ( 1930–2019 ) , Pakistani journalist
Faisal Kutty , Canadian lawyer , writer and human rights activist
Lola Kutty , or Anuradha Menon , Indian television actor and theatre artist
Muhammad Kutty ( born 1953 ) , or Mammootty , Indian film actor and producer
Paloli Mohammed Kutty ( born 1931 ) , Indian politician
Rosa Kutty ( born 1964 ) , former Indian woman athlete
V. K. Madhavan Kutty ( 1934–2005 ) , Indian journalist
Veloor Krishnan Kutty ( 1936–2003 ) , Indian satirist
Pterostylis littoralis , commonly known as the coastal leafy greenhood , is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to South Australia . Flowering plants have up to five pale green flowers with darker green stripes and brownish tips . The flowers have a narrow , pale green labellum . Non-flowering plants have a rosette of leaves on a short , thin stalk but flowering plants lack the rosette , instead having four or five stem leaves .
Description
Pterostylis littoralis , is a terrestrial , perennial , deciduous , herb with an underground tuber . Non-flowering plants have a rosette of between three and five leaves . The leaves are long and wide on a thin stalk long . Flowering plants have up to five pale-whitish green flowers with darker green stripes on a flowering spike high . The flowers are long and wide . The flowering spike has four or five stem leaves which are long and wide . The dorsal sepal and petals are fused , forming a hood or `` galea '' over the column with the dorsal sepal having a short point on its brownish tip . The lateral sepals turn downwards and are long , wide , joined for part of their length and have brownish tips . The labellum is long , about wide and pale green with a darker geen stripe along its centre . Flowering occurs from July to September .
Taxonomy and naming
The coastal leafy greenhood was first formally described in 2006 by David Jones who gave it the name Bunochilus littoralis and published the description in Australian Orchid Research from a specimen collected near Lake St Clair . In 2008 Robert Bates changed the name to Pterostylis littoralis . The specific epithet ( littoralis ) is derived from the Latin word littus meaning `` shore '' , referring to the coastal habitat preference of this species .
Distribution and habitat
Pterostylis littoralis grows in dense coastal scrub in coastal areas near Robe .
References
littoralis
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Victoria ( Australia )
Plants described in 2006
Konstantinos Provydakis ( ; born 21 May 1996 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Super League club Lamia .
References
1996 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Football League ( Greece ) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Super League Greece players
Irodotos FC players
Ergotelis F.C . players
PAS Lamia 1964 players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Heraklion
Vigen Cliffs ( ) is a set of cliffs rising to about 5,741 ft ( 1,750 m ) to the east of Gabbro Crest on the Saratoga Table in the Forrestal Range of the Pensacola Mountains in Antarctica .
It was named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) in 1979 for Oscar C. Vigen , Budget and Planning Officer , Division of Polar Programs , National Science Foundation , 1968–85 .
Cliffs of Queen Elizabeth Land
The Mexican Spitfire 's Baby is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts and Jerome Cady . It is the sequel to the 1940 film Mexican Spitfire Out West . The film stars Lupe Vélez , Leon Errol , Charles `` Buddy '' Rogers , ZaSu Pitts , Elisabeth Risdon and Fritz Feld . The film was released on November 28 , 1941 , by RKO Pictures .
Plot
The Lindsays decide to adopt a war orphan , except this refugee turns out to be a glamour girl 20-something orphaned during World War One .
Cast
Lupe Vélez as Carmelita Lindsay
Leon Errol as Uncle Matt Lindsay / Lord Basil Epping
Charles `` Buddy '' Rogers as Dennis Lindsay
ZaSu Pitts as Miss Emily Pepper
Elisabeth Risdon as Aunt Della
Fritz Feld as Lt. Pierre Gaston de la Blanc
Marion Martin as Fifi
Lloyd Corrigan as Chumley
Lydia Bilbrook as Lady Ada Epping
Vinton Hayworth as Rudolph
References
External links
1941 films
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Leslie Goodwins
1941 comedy films
American comedy films
Films produced by Cliff Reid
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Ten Italians for One German ( ) , is a 1962 Italian historical war drama film directed by Filippo Walter Ratti . It is a dramatization of the Fosse Ardeatine massacre .
Cast
Gino Cervi as Duke Alfonso di San Severino
Andrea Checchi as Professor Marcello Rossi
Carlo D'Angelo as Herbert Kappler
Sergio Fantoni as Gilberto di San Severino
Cristina Gaioni as Mariella
Ivo Garrani as Giovanni Ferroni
Gloria Milland as Assunta aka Nena
Oliviero Prunas as Hans Weiss
Nino Pavese as Pietro Caruso
Loris Gizzi as The German Consul
References
External links
1962 films
1960s war drama films
Films set in Rome
Italian Campaign of World War II films
Italian war drama films
Films set in 1944
1962 drama films
Italian World War II films
1960s Italian-language films
1960s Italian films
Domoslav ( also written Domaslav ) , was a Czech hymnographer , living probably at the turn of 13th and in the first half of 14th century . Domoslav is one of the first documented Czech composers .
Life and work
Domoslav was the Dominican friar , living during the reign of last Přemyslids and probably also in the beginning of the reign of John of Luxembourg . Their name was preserved in acrostic of the musical sequence De superna yerarchia . The first letters of the strophes create the words Damozslaus predicator . It is also written in manuscript of The Legend of Saint Ludmila from 1416 . Domoslav is also the author of the sequence about Saint Wenceslas Dulce melos cum concentu and rhyming composition Officium o svatém Václavu a svaté Ludmile ( Officium about St.Wenceslas and St.Ludmila ) .
They were the founder of their own school of poetry . At the same time originated many Czech sequences , that were written either directly from them or came from their school , e.g .
Ave , caro Christi regis - to the fest of Corpus Christi
Pleno cantu cordis - about Saint Ludmila
Hodierne lux dici - about Saint Adalbert of Prague ( Svatý Vojtěch )
Plaudant chori monachorum - about Saint Procopius of Sázava ( Svatý Prokop )
The oldest record of texts is a compound of Dražický misál ( Missal of Dražice ) from 1340 , the melody to the first sequence of Dulce melos was found in files of archbishop Arnošt z Pardubic from 1363 . Melody to the second sequence was found in `` Vyšehradský sborník '' ( Anthology of Vyšehrad ) from the second half of 15th century .
Sources
Československý hudební slovník I ( A–L ) , 1963 , SHV , Prague
A. Škarka : Dominikán Domoslav a čeští hymnografové jeho směru , Prague , 1950 , VI , 1/43
G. M. Dreves , C. Blume : Ein Jahrtausend Latenischer Hymnendichtung , Leipzig , 1909
Czech male classical composers
Czech classical composers
13th-century Bohemian poets
Czech male poets
Czech Dominicans
13th-century Bohemian people
14th-century Bohemian people
14th-century Bohemian poets
Hymnographers
13th-century composers
14th-century composers
Medieval male composers
Dobwalls Football Club ( ) is a football club based in Dobwalls , Cornwall . They are currently members of the and play at Lantoom Park .
History
Dobwalls joined the East Cornwall League in 2002–03 , finishing in the top five every season before being promoted to the South West Peninsula League Division One West on its formation in 2007 . They spent twelve seasons in that division with a top finish of seventh in 2008–09 . At the end of 2018–19 the league was restructured , and Dobwalls successfully applied for promotion to the Premier Division West , at Step 6 of the National League System . Dobwalls entered the FA Vase for the first time in 2021–22 .
The Club House
The club opened a new clubhouse in March 2017 , and the ceremony was performed by Neil Warnock , with Sheryll Murray MP in attendance .
Honours
League
Plymouth & District League Div 2 Runners-up ; 1988-89
Plymouth & District League Div 2 3rd place ; 1992-93
Plymouth & District League Div 1 3rd place ; 1993-94
Duchy Division One Winners ; 1998-99 ; 2001-02
Duchy Premier League Champions : 2001-02
East Cornwall Premier League runner-up ; 2006-07
Cups
Isaac Foot Cup
Runners-up 1938
Cornwall Charity Cup
Runners-up 2013 & 2014
Duchy Knock-Out Cup
Winners : 2001
Duchy Premier Cup
Winners : 1999 & 2002
Launceston Cup
Winners : 1972 ; 1987 ; 1997 ; 2000 ; 2001 , 2018
Runners-up ; 1975 , 1982 , 1989 , 2017
Duchy Supplementary Cup
Winners : 1976/77
References
External links
Dobwalls Football Club official website : https : //dobwallsfootball.club/
Association football clubs established in 1922
1922 establishments in England
Football clubs in England
Football clubs in Cornwall
South West Peninsula League
is a large power station in Ichihara , Chiba , Japan . The facility operates with an installed capacity of 3,600 MW . Power is generated by six turbines rated at 600 MW . The station utilizes six 600 MW units , which use the following types of fuel .
Unit 1 : Natural gas , fuel oil , crude oil
Unit 2 : Natural gas , fuel oil , crude oil
Unit 3 : Natural gas , fuel oil , crude oil , LPG
Unit 4 : Natural gas , fuel oil , crude oil , LPG
Unit 5 : Natural gas , LPG
Unit 6 : Natural gas , LPG
See also
List of the largest power stations in the world
List of power stations in Japan
References
Oil-fired power stations in Japan
Natural gas-fired power stations in Japan
Tokyo Electric Power Company
David Bentley is a Canadian business person from Halifax , Nova Scotia who has been involved in print media since the 1970s .
Born in England , Bentley emigrated to Nova Scotia in 1966 .
The Daily News
Bentley and their wife Diana , along with Patrick and Joyce Sims , founded , The Great Eastern News Company Ltd. , in 1974 and started publishing a weekly broadsheet named The Bedford-Sackville News , which focused on the suburban communities of Bedford and Lower Sackville within the Halifax-Dartmouth metropolitan area .
The Great Eastern News Company Ltd. , was initially published out of Bentley 's home but a press was acquired in 1978 and the company moved into a new building . A year later the format changed to a tabloid and began publishing six days a week as The Bedford-Sackville Daily News . The paper gained a reputation for printing stories that were not covered by its competition , The Chronicle Herald , some of which were considered sensational . In 1981 , Bentley 's company moved into downtown Halifax from its suburban base and renamed the tabloid as The Daily News , while gaining a reputation for hard-hitting stories and expanded sports coverage .
In 1985 the Newfoundland Capital Corporation or NCC gained a controlling interest in the paper and purchased Bentley 's remaining share in 1987 .
Frank
With the money received from sale of The Daily News to NCC , Bentley , along with Lyndon Watkins and Dulcie Conrad started a bi-weekly `` gossip rag '' or `` scandal magazine '' known as Frank to sell the sensational news coverage that mainstream press was averse to covering . Rare to the industry , the magazine had no advertising and operated solely from its print sales .
The first issue was published in November 1987 and focused on gossip about the private lives of the rich , famous and politically connected in the Maritime provinces .
Bentley expanded the Frank franchise to include an Ottawa edition in 1989 with the help of Michael Bate . This edition quickly outsold its Maritime counterpart , feeding off the void of gossip news in mainstream media in the nation 's capital .
Bentley followed a successful formula with the magazine , feeding the need for gossip among the powerful , as well as the average citizen . It was often rumoured that each edition was incorporated as a separate legal entity , leaving no assets for potential lawsuits over libel , however there is no proof that this was ever done .
While the Maritime edition continued to grow in popularity , the Ottawa edition took off in just a few years , rising from a start of 600 copies to a publishing run of over 16,000 at the height of the Mulroney years . It was during this time that the Ottawa edition of Frank brought the magazine its greatest notoriety by satirically running a contest in 1991 inviting young Tories to `` Deflower Caroline Mulroney , invoking the Prime Minister 's wrath on Bentley and their partners . Mulroney joined several women 's groups in denouncing the ad as an incitement to rape , but the magazine maintained that it was commenting on the Prime Minister 's perceived habit of using their daughter as a political prop . The magazine also scooped the identity of former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau 's love child with Deborah Coyne in 1991 .
Bate subsequently bought out Bentley and their other partners to take the Ottawa edition of Frank independent .
Bentley continued with their publication of the Maritime edition of Frank , leading the magazine to several scoops , including the charges of sexual assault against former Premier of Nova Scotia and Trudeau-era cabinet minister Gerald Regan , in which they were subsequently acquitted .
Dulcie Conrad sold their share of the Maritime edition of Frank in the mid-1990s to Bentley and Watkins . In September 2000 , Bentley and Watkins sold an equity stake in the Maritime edition of Frank to one of the magazine 's reporters , Clifford Boutilier .
allNovaScotia
In March 2001 , Bentley and their daughter Caroline Wood launched an online Monday to Friday business newspaper focusing exclusively on Nova Scotian businesses entitled , allNovaScotia .
Similar to the Frank experiment , allnovascotia.com contains a hard-hitting approach to news , however , it focuses exclusively on business-related news and not personal gossip or scandal but does contain scoops on lawsuits and other information not found in mainstream Nova Scotian media . Bentley and their daughter contribute to the paper along with several other reporters . The online newspaper survives on subscriptions and advertisements . In 2016 , Bentley and Wood launched a sister publication , allNewfoundlandLabrador , bringing its model to St. John 's , but sharing resources and providing subscriber access to both sites . In 2020 , the family business expanded again with the launch of allNewBrunswick .
References
External links
allNovaScotia
allNewfoundlandLabrador
allNewBrunswick
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Businesspeople from Nova Scotia
Canadian newspaper founders
Canadian magazine founders
Canadian magazine publishers ( people )
Canadian male journalists
English emigrants to Canada
Journalists from Nova Scotia
People from Halifax , Nova Scotia
Ohridiidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Leptolaimida .
Genera :
Domorganus Goodey , 1946
References
Nematodes
Jackson Maríñez ( born December 21 , 1990 ) is a Dominican professional boxer who challenged for the WBA interim lightweight title in 2020 .
Professional career
Maríñez vs. Romero
Maríñez faced undefeated Rolando Romero for the vacant WBA interim lightweight title on August 15 , 2020 , at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville , Connecticut . Romero captured the vacant WBA interim title via twelve-round unanimous decision with the judges ' scorecards reading 118–110 , 116–112 , 115–113 in their favor . This decision was considered very controversial , with many feeling Marinez deserved the win .
Maríñez vs. Commey
In their next fight , they took on former IBF lightweight champion Richard Commey on February 13 , 2021 in Paradise , Nevada . Maríñez suffered their second consecutive professional defeat , losing via sixth-round knockout .
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
Dominican Republic male boxers
Lightweight boxers
Sportspeople from Santo Domingo
KYLA is a non-commercial FM radio station that is licensed to Fountain Valley and serves Orange County on the 92.7 MHz frequency .
KYRA is a non-commercial FM radio station that is licensed to Thousand Oaks , California and serves Ventura County and far northwestern Los Angeles County on the 92.7 MHz frequency . The station is also heard on FM translator K220FR ( 91.9 FM ) in Thousand Oaks , California .
KYZA is a non-commercial FM radio station that is licensed to Adelanto , California and serves the Victor Valley area on the 92.7 MHz frequency .
Together , the three stations constitute a trimulcast of rimshot signals that covers the Greater Los Angeles area with a city-grade signal ; this is accomplished by transmitting from outlying areas of the Los Angeles metropolitan region . All stations are owned by Educational Media Foundation and broadcast the nationally syndicated Christian worship music network Air1 .
History
KYRA
KYRA signed on in 1963 with the call letters KNJO , broadcasting from a studio in the Park Oaks shopping center in Thousand Oaks . KNJO stood for `` Conejo '' , the valley in which the station was located . The station 's claim to fame at the time was that it was the first FM radio station on the West Coast to broadcast in stereo . KNJO was a community-oriented radio station featuring local news , sports , and remote broadcasts from a variety of local events . The station was built by radio personality Sy Blonder and co-owned by Dodger baseball star Sandy Koufax .
Over the next several decades , KNJO changed hands several times . First , it was purchased by Alan Fischler , Ed Feldman and Art Hogan ; later , by Ira Barmack , operator of comedy station KMDY in Thousand Oaks ; then by political strategist/attorney Darry Srago ; and , finally , by Amaturo Group . The station 's studio moved to the North Ranch Mall in Westlake Village before settling in its final location on Long Court in Thousand Oaks . Joseph Amaturo and the Amaturo family purchased the station in 1995 for $ 2 million and also purchased stations on the same 92.7 FM frequency on Catalina Island and in Temecula . Eventually , they began a trimulcast , and Amaturo changed the call letters of KNJO to KMLT when the station became soft adult contemporary-formatted `` Lite 92.7 '' . The goal of the Amaturos was to cover all of Los Angeles and Orange counties with three stations on one frequency , 92.7 FM . During the early 2000s , the Lite 92.7 trimulcast aired the nationally syndicated request-and-dedication program Delilah . Following the trimulcast 's subsequent relaunches , the station became KHJL ( Jill FM ) in 2007 and KLSI ( Playlist 92.7 ) in 2012 .
In 2005 , KMLT added a 38-watt booster , KMLT-FM1 , on Castro Peak near Malibu , California ; its city of license is Malibu Vista .
KYLA
KYLA signed on in 1993 with the call letters KRCI and originally broadcast from Catalina Island at 3,000 watts . Later the station began a simulcast with KMLT , changing call signs to KLIT . Initially , the simulcast aired a beautiful music format that evolved to a soft AC music format branded as `` Lite 92.7 '' . KLIT was later purchased by Amaturo Group , which created a trimulcast with KELT .
KLIT was moved to Fountain Valley , California with a change of transmitter location , broadcasting from a mountain southeast of Newport Beach , California at 690 watts . This provided a better signal coverage of the interior portions of Orange County , California . The call letters were changed to KJLL-FM ( Jill FM ) in early 2007 and to KLST-FM ( Playlist 92.7 ) in 2012 .
KYZA
KYZA signed on in 1959 with the call letters KACE-FM , originally broadcasting from Riverside , California at 1,000 watts . The station changed its call letters KCNW in 1974 , then to KHNY-FM two years later .
The station adopted numerous music formats until 1997 , when the call sign was changed to KELT and a trimulcast with KMLT/KLIT was created airing the beautiful music format . The station later switched to soft AC and adopted the branding `` Lite 92.7 '' . The station later became KAJL ( Jill FM ) in 2007 and KLSN in 2012 .
92.7 Jill FM and Playlist 92.7
The trimulcast 's coverage area was shifted after the moves of all three transmitters , and with the arrival of Jack FM on KCBS-FM ( 93.1 FM ) in 2005 , Amaturo Group moved to compete . The company dismissed the airstaff of the `` Lite 92.7 '' stations and adopted an automated adult hits music format branded as `` Jill FM '' . The new format was geared to be a more female-friendly sound , known as Jill , as opposed to the more male-oriented format on Jack FM . In 2009 , Jill FM adjusted its format to soft adult contemporary music with the same focus as rival KOST ( 103.5 FM ) .
On February 14 , 2011 , the stations dropped the `` Jill FM '' name and rebranded as `` Playlist 92.7 '' , a classic hits outlet with the slogan `` We play everything '' . The first song played on Playlist was `` Somebody '' by Bryan Adams . The new format featured hit songs spanning the period from 1964 to 2010 , consisting of a mix of top 40 , R & B , adult contemporary and alternative rock .
Air1
On December 1 , 2012 at midnight , KLST/KLSN/KLSI ( the call signs changed shortly after ) officially flipped from AC to the nationally syndicated Christian contemporary hit radio ( Christian CHR ) network Air1 under new owner Educational Media Foundation . This transaction brought the Christian CHR format to suburban areas of Los Angeles with the station 's multiple rimshot Class A signals . At the time of the flip , Air1 played music from a wide variety of contemporary Christian artists such as Tauren Wells , TobyMac , Group 1 Crew , Seventh Day Slumber , and Skillet . The feed is also heard on KTLW 's network of Class A FM translators in portions of the northern Los Angeles area as well as on a 92.7 FM repeater in southwestern parts of the metro .
The Air1 network flipped to contemporary worship music on January 1 , 2019 .
Repeaters
Translators
References
External links
YLA
Fountain Valley , California
Radio stations established in 1994
1994 establishments in California
YLA
Air1 radio stations
Educational Media Foundation radio stations
Dorcadion jakovleviellum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Plavilstshikov in 1951 .
References
jakovleviellum
Beetles described in 1951
Saudi Advanced Industries Company is an industrial investment vehicle of the U.S. Peace Shield defense offset program . The company was formed in 1987 , and invests in technology companies in Saudi Arabia . It also holds interests in AlSalam Aircraft Company and the Aircraft Accessories & Components Company , both in Saudi Arabia .
References
External links
Official website
Companies of Saudi Arabia
Technology companies established in 1987
Companies based in Riyadh
Companies listed on Tadawul
Investment companies of Saudi Arabia
Technology companies of Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabian companies established in 1987
The 2012 UK Open Qualifier 5 was the fifth of eight 2012 UK Open Darts Qualifiers which was held at the Metrodome in Barnsley on Saturday 14 April .
Prize money
Draw
References
5
The black-throated barbet ( Tricholaema melanocephala ) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family . It is found in Djibouti , Eritrea , Ethiopia , Kenya , Somalia , South Sudan , Tanzania , and Uganda .
References
black-throated barbet
Birds of the Horn of Africa
black-throated barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
black-throated barbet
The Hopkins Center for Health Disparities Solutions ( HCHDS ) , a research center within the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health , strives to eradicate disparities in health and health care among racial and ethnic groups , socioeconomic groups , and geopolitical categories such as urban , rural , and suburban populations .
The HCHDS works collaboratively with community-based organizations , historically black colleges , and minority serving institutions to advance knowledge on the causes of health and health care disparities and develop interventions to eliminate them . Specifically , the HCHDS has collaborated with JHU- based organizational entities as well as the National Institute on Aging , Laboratory of the Cellular and Molecular Biology of the Gerontology Research Center ; Shaw University ; Operation Reach Out South West ( OROSW ) ; and Nora , LLC . The HCHDS has been designated as a national Comprehensive Center of Excellence in Health Disparities by the NCMHD of the National Institutes of Health , and in 2007 was awarded a second 5-year grant to continue its work . The center has a national focus although much of the actual work takes place in the local Baltimore , Maryland community .
History
The Hopkins Center for Health Disparities Solutions was established in October 2002 with a 5-year grant from the National Center for Minority Health and Health Disparities ( NCMHD ) , of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) under the Centers of Excellence in Partnerships for Community Outreach , Research on Health Disparities , and Training program ( Project EXPORT ) .
Mission `` Exploration and Intervention for Health Equality ... ''
The mission of the Hopkins Center for Health Disparities Solutions is to generate and disseminate knowledge to reduce racial/ethnic and social class disparities in health status and health care through research , training , community partnerships , and advocacy .
Research
Exploring Health Disparities in Integrated Communities Study ( EHDIC )
This is a large-scale collaborative study consisting of determinants of disparities in chronic conditions . Progress in understanding the nature of health disparities requires data that are race-comparative while overcoming confounding between race , socioeconomic status ( SES ) , and segregation . The EHDIC study is a multi-cohort study that addresses these confounders by examining the nature of health disparities within racially integrated communities without racial disparities in SES .
College Health and Wellness Study
Overweight and obesity is an epidemic in the United States , particularly among minority populations . This epidemic contributes to the development of chronic conditions that occur later in life , such as Type 2 diabetes and hypertension . The center conducted a cross-sectional survey among students graduating from a Historically Black College or University ( HBCU ) in the Mid-Atlantic Region . There were 392 participants , predominately African-American seniors graduating in the spring of 2003 . Data were collected using a self-administered paper and pencil questionnaire which focuses on weight , weight management activities , weight history , and health status indicators .
Measuring Trust in Health Care
This is a study to examine the validity of the psychometric properties of a new measure of trust or mistrust of medical care systems . Trust is the foundation of the interrelationships that make civil society possible and the importance of trust within healthcare is no less critical . Patients are inherently vulnerable within medical encounters and must be trustful of the multiple institutional entities and individuals involved in their care . Patients must trust that individual healthcare providers are competent and will have their best interest in mind while making treatment decisions . They must trust that the pharmaceutical companies have developed effective drugs and that the regulatory agencies have adequately monitored them . And , they must trust that the healthcare organization and that its staff will manage their medical information with discretion and confidentially .
Developing Measures of Parental Knowledge in Physical Activity
Parental knowledge of child health and development issues can have important effects on child health . Greater awareness of the content areas in which parents require more guidance can help clinicians devise parent-centered strategies to reduce identified knowledge deficits , and may both increase the quality of care and reduce disparities in child health . The primary goal of this pilot project is to develop a set of parental health knowledge assessment questions relevant to physical activity in children 5 years or younger and to conduct preliminary reliability and validity studies
of these questions .
Training and education
The Kellogg Community Scholars and The Urban Health Institute Fellows are both Postdoctoral training opportunities found at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health that address health disparities-related issues .
Kellogg Community Scholars
The goal of the Community Health Scholars Program ( CHSP ) is to increase the number of faculty at health professional schools , with an emphasis on schools of public health , that possess the capacity to carry out community-based participatory research , to teach , and that understand determinants of community health and how to build the capacity of communities , health-related agencies and academic centers to function as equal partners in community-based research , service and education .
Urban Health Institute Fellows
The goal of the UHI Postdoctoral Research Fellowship program is to promote future leaders in the field of urban health research . The fellows , each working in tandem with a Hopkins faculty member , carry out scholarly research and publication on such issues as crime , unemployment , poverty , substance abuse , diabetes , hypertension , and other chronic diseases .
Graduate training opportunities
In addition to offering Doctoral and master 's degrees , the Bloomberg School of Public Health also offers certificates of concentration in subspecialties in public health . Thus , a student can obtain a Doctoral or master 's degree from any one of the ten departments that comprise the Bloomberg School of Public Health , and also earn an optional certificate in a specialized topic area . The school currently offers certificates in 21 topic areas . The program is open to students enrolled in any graduate degree program at Johns Hopkins University .
Publications
Gibbons , Michael . eHealth Solutions for Healthcare Disparities . New York : Springer , 2007 .
LaVeist , Thomas . Race , Ethnicity , and Health . San Francisco : Jossey-Bass , 2002 .
LaVeist , Thomas . Minority Populations and Health . San Francisco : Jossey-Bass , 2005 .
Notable persons/staff
Thomas LaVeist , PhD , Director
Darrell Gaskin , PhD , Deputy Director
Roland Thorpe Jr , PhD , Project Director
Cheri Wilson , MA , MHS , CPHQ , COA360 and CQC Program Director
Diane Griffin , Administrative Coordinator
Caryn Bell , PhD candidate , Research Assistant/Consultant
Rachael McCleary , Research Assistant
Paulette Mensah , Research Assistant
Alejandro Orengo , Communications Coordinator
Research publications
LaVeist T , Thorpe R Jr , Bowen-Reid T , Jackson J , Gary T , Gaskin D , Browne D. '' Exploring Health Disparities in Integrated Communities : Overview of the EHDIC Study . '' Journal of Urban Health . 2008 Jan ; 85 ( 1 ) :11-21 . 2007 Nov 13 .
Thorpe R Jr , Brandon DT , LaVeist T. `` Social Context as an Explanation for Race Disparities in Hypertension : Findings From The Exploring Health Disparities in Integrated Communities ( EHDIC ) Study . '' Social Science Medicine . 2008 Nov ; 67 ( 10 ) :1604-11 . 2009 May 22 .
Blackburn , Maria . `` Measuring a hospital 's cultural competency . '' Johns Hopkins Magazine . 2008 . 28 May 2009 . < http : //www.jhu.edu/~jhumag/0908web/wholly.html # cultural > .
Bell , C. N. , Bowie , J. V. , & Thorpe , R. J . ( 2010 ) . The interrelationship between hypertension and blood pressure , attendance at religious services , and race/ethnicity . Journal of Religion and Health Epub 2010 Mar 31 . NIHMSID : NIHMS365567
Gaskin DJ , Spencer CS , Richard P , Anderson G , Powe NR , LaVeist TA “ Do Minority Patients Use Lower Quality Hospitals ? ” Inquiry . 2011 Fall ; 48 ( 3 ) :209-20
Samuel , L. , Szanton , S.L. , Weiss , C. , Thorpe , R.J. , Semba , R. , Fried , L.P. “ Financial Strain is associated with risk of malnutrition in community-dwelling older women. ” ( 2012 ) Epidemiology Research International . doi:10.1155/2012/696518
Gross S , Gary T , Browne D , LaVeist T. `` Gender Differences in Body Image and Health Perceptions Among Graduating Seniors from a Historically Black College . '' Journal National Medical Association . 2005 ; 97:1608-1619 . 2009 May 22 .
Szanton , S.L. , Taylor , H.A. , Terhaar , M.T . ( 2013 ) `` Development of an IRB pre-approval process for DNP students : process and outcomes '' Journal of Nursing Education Jan ; 52 ( 1 ) 51-5 .
Yong R , Lee SH , Freishtat H , Bleich SN , Gittelsohn J ( 2013 ) . Availability of Healthy Foods in Prepared Food Sources in Urban Public Markets . Journal of Hunger & Environmental Nutrition . 7:468-481 .
Additional Publications
References
Health cares quality
Determinants of health
Schools of public health in the United States
Kayalıköy is a village in the Karamanlı district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Karamanlı District
Daan may refer to :
People
Daan ( given name ) , Dutch short form for Daniel
Saumya Daan ( born 1982 ) , Indian voice actor
Serge Daan ( 1940–2018 ) , Dutch zoologist
DAAN , a Belgian band led by Daan Stuyven
Da'an , a character in the television series Earth : Final Conflict
Places
Mainland China
Da'an , Hengyang ( ) , a township in Hengyang County , Hunan
Da'an , Longshan ( ) , a township in Longshan County , Hunan
Da'an , Jilin ( ) , county-level city under the administration of Baicheng
Da'an District , Zigong ( ) , Sichuan
Taiwan
Daan District , Taipei City ( ) , district of Taipei
Daan metro station ( ) of the Taipei Metro
Da'an River ( ) , river in north-western Taiwan
Daan District , Taichung ( ) , coastal district in Taichung City
Elsewhere
Da'an , Yemen , village in western central Yemen
Daan Suyan , town on southern Mindanao , Philippines
Chinese history
Da'an ( 大安 , 1075–1085 ) , era name used by Emperor Huizong of Western Xia
Da'an ( 大安 , 1085–1094 ) , era name used by Emperor Daozong of Liao
Da'an ( 大安 , 1209–1211 ) , era name used by Wanyan Yongji , emperor of Jin dynasty
Other
Daan ( crater ) , crater on Mars named after the Chinese city
Daan Utsav , Indian festival
Dāna , the practice of generosity or giving in Dharmic religions
Dayan ( disambiguation ) , a phonetically similar term
Utah Retirement Systems administers pension plans and retirement savings plans for public employees in the U.S. state of Utah . There are eight separate defined-benefit pension plans administered by URS , as well as various retirement savings plans . As of December 31 , 2014 , the URS was managing over $ 31 billion in its pension trust funds , for nearly 200,000 members . Besides the pension trust funds , the URS manages a 401 ( k ) , 457 ( b ) , a traditional IRA and Roth IRA with around $ 4.5 billion in assets combined at the end of 2014 .
Membership
Members of the eight URS pension systems are the employees of over 700 different employers . The two largest systems are the Public Employees Noncontributory Retirement Systems , Tier I and Tier II , with 463 participating employers including all of Utah 's school districts , the State of Utah , and its counties and various political subdivisions . The old Contributory system has 159 employers , the Public Safety system has 131 , and the Firefighters ' system has 59 employers . ( Tier 2 Public Safety and Firefighters has 149 . ) There is a separate retirement system for Judges , and one for Governors and Legislators .
161 employers participate in the URS 457 Savings Plans , and 380 in the 401 ( k ) Plans .
Governance
URS is run by a seven-member board whose members are appointed by the governor . Four of the members represent the investment community , one represents the teachers , and one represents state employees . The state treasurer is an ex-officio member of the retirement board .
The board appoints the Executive Director . In addition to the Retirement Board , there is an advisory Membership Council made up of representatives from the member employee groups .
History
Many public employees in Utah had some kind of pension before the creation of the URS in 1963 . As early as 1919 , there was a statewide retirement system for firefighters . Many cities had a retirement system for their police in the 1920s . In 1927 , prison guards got a retirement system . All of these would eventually be absorbed into URS-administered systems .
In 1934 , the Utah Education Association drew up a plan for a retirement system for teachers . This became the basis for the Teachers ' Retirement System , which went into effect in 1937 , covering both teachers and administrators .
The `` State Officers ' and Employees ' Retirement System of Utah , '' later named the Public Employees ' Retirement System , was created in 1947 . Also , optional state coverage was established for judges and local government employees .
In 1963 , joint administration was established for public employees and teachers systems . The School Employees System , Public Employees System , Judges System , Public Safety System ( including Highway Patrol ) , Prison Guards System , former Employee Retirement System , and Firefighters System were placed under a single board . The Public employees and Teachers Employees systems were consolidated into the State Retirement System . This was the creation of the URS . Later , in the 1970s , Utah Firefighters System and Judges System were added . Also , the Utah Legislature established a subcommittee on Retirement .
In the 1980s , custody of the Retirement funds was transferred to the Retirement Board from the State Treasurer , and the Retirement System became an independent agency . The Retirement Board was restructured , altering the board membership and establishing a membership council . A system for judges was added in the 1990s .
In 2010 , the Utah legislature created a `` Tier II '' retirement plan for new employees , with a smaller benefit than the old plan . The motivation was to avoid the pension problems that have affected or threatened to affect many other jurisdictions .
People hired after July 1 , 2011 , choose either a traditional pension plan or a 401 ( k ) -type plan , with the state contributing 10 percent of an employee 's salary ( 12 percent for uniformed workers ) to whichever plan a worker chooses . Employer contributions to the pension plan for new employees are capped at 10 % of the employees salary . The 'Tier II ' plans require 5 more years of employment for eligibility . The legislature also limited post-retirement re-employment .
References
External links
URS website
Government of Utah
Retirement in the United States
Public pension funds in the United States
S. ( Sydney ) Mark Taper ( December 25 , 1901 – December 15 , 1994 ) was a Polish-born British-American real estate developer , financier and philanthropist in London and Southern California . Their 1962 gift to the Los Angeles Music Center resulted in the Mark Taper Forum being named for them in 1967 .
Early life
Mark Taper was born on December 25 , 1902 in a region of Poland , then part of the Russian Empire to Benjamin Taper , a tailor ( b . 1881 , Russia , d. 1963 , London ) and Rebecca ( née Rothfarb , b . 1882 , Russia ) and raised in England , where they had immigrated with their parents at a young age and would live for 36 years . Their family was Jewish . They married Amelia Lewis ( b . 1909 , London , England , d. 1958 , Los Angeles ) born to Louis . A. Lewis , a furrier in London , and Florence ( née Hobinstock ) , both born in London , England . They were an illustrator for London Vogue , and the couple had three children , born in South London . Amelia 's cause of death was determined by the coroner performing the autopsy to be `` acute pulmonary edema and congestion due to acute alcohol intoxication '' . They died at the couple 's home at 816 North Alpine Drive in Beverly Hills and was buried at Hillside Memorial Park in Culver City . In 1962 in Los Angeles , Mark Taper married actor Roberta Gale ( 1914-2008 ) ; the marriage lasted eight months .
Career
Taper open five shoe stores in England . In 1926 , at the age of 25 , they were able to retire . From 1929 , they have instead begun successfully investing and developing innovations in real estate and house building . One of their more famous projects in the 1930s was a prestigious development they created in Brockley , Southeast London , whereby Taper named one street Millmark Road ( now Millmark Grove ) in honor of their wife , ( nicknamed Milly ) in a portmanteau with their own name , and another Barrydale ( now Barriedale ) for their young son , Barry . By the late 1930s , Taper had retired and moved their family to Long Beach , California , becoming an American citizen .
During Southern California 's postwar housing boom , Taper founded Biltmore Homes and began building suburban housing for returning soldiers in Long Beach , Norwalk , Compton and Lakewood . In all , they built 35,000 houses for low and middle-income people as part of some of the largest housing projects in the U.S. Taper also founded the First Charter Financial Corporation of Beverly Hills , parent of American Savings and Loan . In 1949 they partnered with Louis Boyar and Ben Weingart to acquire 3500 acres of agricultural land near Long Beach , The group formed the Lakewood Park Company and with financing from Prudential Insurance , built 17,000 affordable homes in the new community of Lakewood , California . The group built the Lakewood Center in 1953 , and two years later Lakewood was the largest planned city in the United States .
Philanthropy
Taper financed the first gallery for modern works at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art as a memorial to their wife , Amelia , who died in 1958 , and was a major donor to the University of California at Los Angeles .
Mark and Amelia Taper devoted much of their time to transporting hundreds of Catholic and Jewish children out of Nazi Germany . The S. Mark Taper Foundation was established in 1952 as a family foundation , and remains active in philanthropic giving , including funding the S. Mark Taper Foundation Imaging Center at Cedars Sinai Medical Center and the S. Mark Taper Foundation Auditorium at Benaroya Hall in Seattle .
Death and legacy
Taper died suddenly from a heart attack on December 15 , 1994 , in their Beverly Hills , California , home . They were buried next to their wife in Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery .
As part of the 2007-2008 renovations , the auditorium of the Mark Taper Forum will be named the Amelia Taper Auditorium after a $ 2 million gift from the S. Mark Taper Foundation .
References
External links
Mark Taper Forum website
S. Mark Taper Imaging Center website
City of Lakewood History
1902 births
1994 deaths
People from Long Beach , California
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
British people of Polish-Jewish descent
American real estate businesspeople
British emigrants to the United States
Polish emigrants to the United Kingdom
Jewish American philanthropists
The Percy Parkes Building , is a historic commercial building in Carmel-by-the-Sea , California . It was built and designed in 1926 , by Earl Percy Parkes as a retail shop . It is an example of a Spanish Colonial Revival style building . The structure is recognized as an important commercial building in the city 's Downtown Conservation District Historic Property Survey , and was nominated and submitted to the California Register of Historical Resources on April 25 , 2002 . The building was recently occupied by Jan De Luz Linens , which is now moved to Dolores Street and 6th Avenue .
History
In 1926 , contractor and builder Earl Percy Parkes built , designed , and owned the Spanish Colonial Revival style building on Dolores Street between Ocean Avenue and 7th Avenue in Carmel-by-the-Sea , California .
The original cost , in 1926 , to build the x store was $ 6,000 ( ) .
The building is opposite the Mary Dummage Shop and on the same block as a group of shops along Dolores Street that include the El Paseo Building , Tuck Box , De Yoe Building , Percy Parkes Building , and the Isabel Leidig Building . This group of buildings are some of the most architecturally significant commercial stores in Carmel .
The Percy Parkes Building is a one-story Spanish Colonial Revival architecture-style commercial building constructed of reinforced concrete with a low-pitched Spanish-style clay tile roof with a white stucco wall . The wedge-shaped entrance has two large show windows with two Dutch doors that lead to two identical shops . Awnings were installed that cover the windows and the main entrance doors . The roofline is the same height as the adjacent W. C. Farley Building to the north .
This property has been the home of many businesses over the years . It was the site of George Vining 's Meat Market starting in 1928 , and the Mingo 's Carmel Grocery Store in 1949 , Amond Beauty Parolor in 1963 , Carmel Vintage Shop in 1970 , Village Artistry in 1987 , and Soto 's Deco'rations antique store in 1996 . Several additions and remodeling 's took place over the years . In 1943 , a shed addition was constructed to the rear of the building by Michael J. Murphy for $ 200 ( ) . The interior partition was remodeled in 1980 for $ 3,000 ( ) . In 1987 , an interior remodel was done for $ 5,200 ( ) . In 1996 , another interior remodel was done for $ 12,000 ( ) .
The building qualifies for inclusion in the city 's Downtown Conservation District Historic Property Survey , and has been nominated and submitted to the California Register of Historical Resources on April 25 , 2002 . The property is significant under the California Register criterion 3 , in the area of architecture as an example of the Spanish Colonial Revival style and work of builder Earl Percy Parkes . This building is part of a block of commercial buildings on Dolores Street between Ocean Avenue and 7th Avenue that demonstrate Carmel 's historic commercial development in the 1920s .
See also
List of Historic Buildings in Carmel-by-the-Sea
References
External links
Downtown Conservation District Historic Property Survey
1926 establishments in California
Carmel-by-the-Sea , California
Buildings and structures in Monterey County , California
Melburn Roobaix is a non-competitive recreational cycling event organised by FYXO in Victoria , Australia . Cyclists register to ride a course which is only revealed on the day , but is typically around the inner suburbs of Melbourne , ending at Brunswick Velodrome .
According to the organisers :
References
External links
Cycling in Melbourne
William Hugh Blanchard ( February 6 , 1916 – May 31 , 1966 ) was a United States Air Force officer who attained the rank of four-star general and served as Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force from 1965 to 1966 .
Early life and education
A native of Boston , Massachusetts , Blanchard received their high school education in Chelsea , Massachusetts , and graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy before entering the United States Military Academy in 1934 . They graduated and received their commission in 1938 .
Career
After completing pilot training at Randolph and Kelly Fields , Texas , in 1939 , they held assignments as a flight instructor and as chief of advanced pilot training in the Flying Training Command , before their selection in 1943 for duty with the initial B-29 bomber wing then being formed in Salina , Kansas .
In 1944 , Blanchard , as deputy commander of the 58th Bomb Wing , flew the first B-29 into China to begin their participation in strategic bombing operations against the Japanese mainland . Later , assigned as commander of the 40th Bomb Group ( B-29 ) and subsequently as operations officer of the 21st Bomber Command in the Marianas , they planned and flew low-level fire raids against major Japanese targets .
In the climaxing phase of World War II , then-colonel Blanchard was directed to prepare and supervise the detailed operations order for the delivery of the first atomic bomb on Hiroshima . They were the backup pilot for the Hiroshima A-bomb drop , which was ultimately delivered by Colonel Paul W. Tibbets , Commanding Officer of the 509th Atomic Bombardment Group or Wing .
After the war , on January 20 , 1946 , Blanchard became Commanding Officer of the 509th , succeeding Tibbetts . By this time , post-war demobilization had reduced the 509th to a skeleton crew . But Blanchard and the 509th were immediately ordered to commence operations for the `` Operation Crossroads '' atomic tests at Bikini atoll . With the highest priorities , crews were assembled and in March the 509th was transferred to Kwajalein , Marshall Islands , for the Bikini atomic bomb tests , that ultimately took place that July .
At the conclusion of the Crossroads tests , on August 23 , 1946 , then-colonel Blanchard assumed the duties of commanding officer of Roswell Army Air Field , New Mexico ( renamed Walker Air Force Base in 1948 ) , which became the permanent home of the 509th , though now again reduced to skeleton operations after the Crossroad tests . However , in September 1946 , they received orders to remain at Roswell and train and equip a very heavy bomber air force with nuclear strike capability , which became fully operational in February 1947 .
On July 8 , 1947 , then-colonel Blanchard issued an official Army Air Force press release stating that the base intelligence office had recovered a so-called `` flying disc '' or `` flying saucer '' from a nearby ranch , it had been found `` sometime last week , '' and they were flying it to `` higher headquarters '' . The press release and the media feeding frenzy that followed it triggered the so-called Roswell UFO incident . Brigadier General Roger Ramey , head of the Eighth Army Air Force in Fort Worth , Texas , quickly pronounced it a misidentified weather balloon . Ironically , Blanchard 's press release and the Roswell incident it triggered are perhaps what Blanchard became best known for by the public at large decades later when the event was reopened and investigated , with many books written . ( see also Walter Haut , Blanchard 's public information officer , who put out the press release )
A year later , in 1948 , Blanchard was assigned to Strategic Air Command 's Eighth Air Force Headquarters in Fort Worth as director of operations . Blanchard helped direct the atomic training of crews for B-36s , the United States ' first intercontinental bombers . After commanding B-50 and B-36 bomber units of SAC , they were assigned as deputy director of operations for that command in 1953 .
In June 1956 , they were a member of a group of U.S. Air Force officers who accompanied General Nathan Twining , then chief of staff of the U.S. Air Force , on an official visit to the Soviet Union which included a conducted tour of points of military interest in the Moscow and Stalingrad areas .
Blanchard assumed command of SAC 's 7th Air Division in England in 1957 . Returning to SAC headquarters three years later , they were assigned as director of operations .
After 15 years of continuous service in SAC , they were appointed Inspector General of the U.S. Air Force and promoted to the rank of lieutenant general . In August 1963 they were named deputy chief of staff , programs and requirements in Headquarters U.S. Air Force , and assumed the duty as deputy chief of staff , plans and operations , in February 1964 . They were assigned the additional duty as senior Air Force member , Military Staff Committee of the United Nations , later that year .
On February 19 , 1965 , Blanchard became Vice Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force , with promotion to four-star rank .
Death
Blanchard died at the Pentagon on May 31 , 1966 , of a massive heart attack while still on active duty . They were buried on 3 June 1966 at the United States Air Force Academy Cemetery . Their wife , Anne ( Hutt ) Blanchard , their daughter , Mrs. Dale Brown , and sons William Hugh Blanchard II & Donald H. Blanchard attended the interment ceremony . There is a building at Bolling Air Force Base named in their honor , as well as the golf course on Davis Monthan Air Force Base in Tucson , Arizona .
Awards and decorations
Their decorations included the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal , the Silver Star , Legion of Merit with two oak leaf clusters , the Distinguished Flying Cross with oak leaf cluster , the Bronze Star , the Air Medal with oak leaf cluster , the Presidential Unit Citation , the Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with six bronze stars , the Missile Badge and command pilot wings .
Distinguished Service Medal
Silver Star
Legion of Merit with two oak leaf clusters
Distinguished Flying Cross with oak leaf cluster
Bronze Star
Air Medal with oak leaf cluster
Presidential Unit Citation
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with six bronze stars
References
1916 births
1966 deaths
People from Boston
Recipients of the Air Medal
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross ( United States )
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Silver Star
United States Air Force generals
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
United States Army Air Forces officers
Vice Chiefs of Staff of the United States Air Force
United States Army colonels
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Osborn Elliott ( October 25 , 1924 – September 28 , 2008 ) was the editor of Newsweek magazine for sixteen years between 1961 and 1976 . Elliott is credited with transforming Newsweek from a staid publication into a modern rival of Time .
Newsweek '' 's circulation doubled to 3 million issues during Elliott 's tenure as editor , which narrowed the gap with Time .
Biography
Early life
Osborn Elliott was born in New York City , the son of Audrey Osborn and John Elliott . Their father worked as an investment counselor . Their mother was a high-profile real estate agent in Manhattan who had been actively involved with the American women 's suffrage movement of the early 20th century .
Elliott attended St. Paul 's School in Concord , New Hampshire . They attended and graduated from Harvard University on an accelerated two-year wartime program . They served in the United States Navy for two years after graduation as a naval officer .
Career
Elliott began their career in the news magazine publishing industry by joining The Journal of Commerce and then Time .
They were first hired by Newsweek in 1955 as a senior editor of business news . They were promoted to managing editor of Newsweek in 1959 .
Elliott was further elevated to editor of Newsweek in 1961 when the Washington Post Company acquired the magazine . They became editor-in-chief of Newsweek in 1969 . They took on the additional roles of president , chief executive and chairperson within the following three years .
New York City Mayor Abraham Beame offered Elliott a position with the New York City government in 1976 as the newly created deputy mayor of economic development . Elliott left Newsweek to take the deputy mayor position for an annual salary of $ 1 per year . Elliott 's role in New York government was to reverse the loss of jobs which was taking place at the time in New York City . They served as deputy mayor for the remaining 15 months of the Beame administration .
Elliott was named dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism in January 1978 . They stepped down from that position in 1986 , but remained at the school as a journalism professor . The Asia Society , which is headquartered in New York City , has since named an annual journalism prize , the Osborn Elliott Prize for Excellence in Asian Journalism , in their honor . In 1975 , Elliott founded Citizens Committee for New York City along with Senator Jacob Javits . Their 1980 autobiography was titled `` The World of Oz . ''
Personal life
With their first wife , Deirdre Spencer , Elliot had three children : Diana Elliott Lidofsky , Cynthia Elliott ( Rice ) , and Dorinda Elliott ( Ignatius ) . They divorced in 1972 . They married their second wife , Inger McCabe Elliott , in 1973 and became a stepfather to their three children , Alec McCabe , Marit McCabe ( Dubois ) , and Kari McCabe ( McBride ) .
Death
Osborn Elliott died in New York City on September 28 , 2008 . They were 83 years old . Elliott was survived by three daughters and stepchildren . The current editor of Newsweek , Jon Meacham , called Elliott , `` Wise and witty , Oz Elliott is the architect of the modern Newsweek . '' The Asia Society released a statement which called Elliott `` one of the earliest practitioners of 'civic journalism ' -- the deliberate focusing of the journalistic enterprise on urgent issues of public policy . ''
Cultural references
Elliott 's victimization at the hands of the con artist David Hampton provided some of the basis for John Guare 's drama Six Degrees of Separation '' .
Works
References
External links
Asia Society Osborn Elliott Prize for Excellence in Asian Journalism
1924 births
2008 deaths
Military personnel from New York City
Newsweek people
Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism faculty
Columbia University faculty
American magazine editors
The Harvard Lampoon alumni
Matthew `` Matt '' Nathan Strawn ( born 1974 ) is an American business person from Ankeny , Iowa .
Early life
Matt Strawn is from Van Horne in Benton County , Iowa , where their family were farmers .
From 1992 to 1996 , they attended the University of Iowa and graduated in 1996 with a BA majoring in political science , journalism and mass communication .
From 1999 to 2003 , they attended the Columbus School of Law at the Catholic University of America , received their JD in 2003 , and became a member of the Maryland Bar Association in 2004 .
Career
They served on the staffs of Saxby Chambliss from 1997 to January 2001 and Mike Rogers from January 2001 to June 2007 .
During the 2008 presidential election , they supported John McCain 's campaign .
Iowa Barnstormers
In early 2008 , Strawn through The Strawn Company , Jeff Lamberti , and others became co-owners of the Iowa Barnstormers in the af2 . The owners purchased the team from Iowa Pro Football L.P. , which was led by Jim Foster , for $ 500,000 . From the 2010 to the 2014 seasons , the Barnstormers played in the Arena Football League and has been in the Indoor Football League for the 2015 season to present .
Iowa Republican Party chairperson
In January 2009 , Strawn was elected state chairperson of the Republican Party of Iowa . Under the direction of Republican Governor Terry Branstad , Strawn ran for reelection unopposed in 2011 , for another two-year term . Following the 2012 Iowa Republican presidential caucuses held on 3 January 2012 , Strawn resigned in February 2012 .
Next Generation Public Affairs
In June 2013 , they co-founded the Chicago based Next Generation Public Affairs with Pat Brady and the Chicagoland business person Bob Fitzsimmons and remained with the firm until December 2018 .
CEO Iowa Lottery
In January 2019 , Strawn became a member of the Iowa Lottery board as the third Iowa Lottery CEO in the 34 years of the Iowa Lottery .
Personal
As of 20 May 2019 , they are married to the lobbyist Erin Coyle Strawn who is with the Stanton Park Group LLC and the Coyle Real Estate Company , and they have three children ages 8 , 12 , and 14 . Formerly , they lived in Ankeny , Iowa , and as of February 2019 , Strawn and their family live in downtown Des Moines 's East Village .
Notes
References
1973 births
21st-century American businesspeople
Iowa Republicans
Living people
People from Ankeny , Iowa
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The Lion-Peugeot Type VD was a motor car produced near Valentigney by the French auto-maker Lion-Peugeot in 1913 . It was developed from the slightly smaller Lion-Peugeot Type V4C3 of the previous year . Approximately 800 Lion-Peugeot Type VDs were produced .
For 1914 the Lion-Peugeot Type VD was replaced by the Lion-Peugeot Type V4D . The two cars differed very little from one another . Approximately 700 Lion-Peugeot Type V4Ds were produced .
The Types VD and V4D were both powered by a four-cylinder 1,888 cc four-stroke engine , mounted ahead of the driver . A maximum 10 hp of power was delivered to the rear wheels .
The cars also became known as Lion-Peugeot 10 CV models . This was a reference to their fiscal horse power , applying a system of car classification for taxation purposes recently established in France . Tax horsepower then , and for several decades to come , was defined purely as a function of the combined surface area of the engine 's cylinders , this being far easier to assess consistently and accurately than the actual power produced by an engine . In 1913 fiscal horse-power still tended to equate approximately to actual horse-power , although the two would diverge subsequently , as engines became more efficient at extracting power from a given sum of cylinder diameters . Eventually , in the second half of the twentieth century , more complex ( and less internationally consistent ) definitions of fiscal horse power would replace those defined only by cylinder diameters .
The Types VD and V4D featured a 2,500 mm wheelbase . The 3,500 mm ( approximately ) overall length provided space for between two and five people depending on the body specified . The wide range of different body types offered followed a pattern that by now would have been familiar to many Lion-Peugeot buyers . It included a Torpedo , a Limousine , a `` central steering '' model and a small delivery van .
Lion-Peugeot and Peugeot : the difference
`` Lion-Peugeot '' is the name under which in 1906 Robert Peugeot and their two brothers , independently of their cousin Armand 's `` Automobiles Peugeot '' company , established a car manufacturing business at Beaulieu near Vallentigny . Ten years earlier the automobile pioneer Armand Peugeot had split away from the family business after a long-standing disagreement over how intensively the company should diversify into larger scale automobile production . An agreement had at that time been entered into between Armand 's `` Automobiles Peugeot '' company and the residual Peugeot business that the residual business should concentrate on its established metal tools and components businesses along with its successful bicycle manufacturing activities , while Armand would have Peugeot branded powered vehicles to himself . During the ensuing ten years Armand 's automobile business had grown rapidly , although it appears that the residual Peugeot business had probably not entirely avoided producing powered vehicles . In any event , under a new agreement signed in 1905 , the residual Peugeot business made Armand an annual payment in return for which Armand consented to the residual business itself producing motor cars under the `` Lion-Peugeot '' name . The arrangement continued until 1910 after which ( the death of Robert Peugeot 's father Eugène having apparently removed a major impediment to the idea ) the Lion-Peugeot business and the Peugeot automobiles business were merged into a single company . Nevertheless , some smaller models continued to be branded as `` Lion-Peugeots '' until 1916 .
Sources and further reading
Linz , Harald H. , Halwart Schrader : Die große Automobil-Enzyklopädie , BLV , München 1986 ,
Schmarbeck , Wolfgang : Alle Peugeot Automobile 1890–1990 , Motorbuch-Verlag . Stuttgart 1990 .
Type VD
Cars introduced in 1913
de : Lion-Peugeot VD
it : Peugeot Lion V4C3-Lion 10HP
Brooklyn Centre is a neighborhood on the West Side of Cleveland , Ohio . It borders Old Brooklyn to the south , Stockyards , Clark–Fulton , and Tremont to the north , and the Cuyahoga Valley and the suburb of Cuyahoga Heights to the east .
History
Brooklyn Centre was founded in 1812 by James Fish and became the first settlement west of the Cuyahoga River . Two years later , around 200 people lived at Brooklyn Centre . By 1812 , Brooklyn Centre became a township . In the early 1960s , the neighborhood was changed dramatically with the construction of I-71 . Entire streets were lost and new cul-de-sacs and dead ends were created , changing the fabric of the neighborhood . In 1984 , the City of Cleveland created the Brooklyn Centre Historic District , recognizing the location 's historic and architectural importance .
In November 2004 , The Brooklyn Centre Historical Society published Reflections from Brooklyn Centre : Presentations and Oral Histories from The Brooklyn Centre Historical Society . In November 2008 , Brooklyn Centre became a National Wildlife Federation registered Community Wildlife Habitat Site , and was among the first city neighborhoods to obtain the designation .
The eastern portion of Brooklyn Centre is known as Barbarowa . Brooklyn Centre is bordered on the east by the Cuyahoga River I-176/The Jennings Freeway . The west border is I-71 . The border to the south is Big Creek which runs through the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo and is the largest tributary that flows into the Cuyahoga . The northern border is a city street named Trowbridge .
Demographics
Brooklyn Centre was originally settled by residents from Connecticut who had purchased land from investors of the Connecticut Western Reserve . German immigrants arrived starting in the late 19th century , followed by Polish and Irish arrivals in the early 20th century . These new settlers relocated to the east end of the neighborhood so that they would be close to the factories in and around the Cuyahoga Valley such as the tanneries and steel mills .
Today , Brooklyn Centre is a diverse neighborhood , with a mixed population of ethnic Europeans , African Americans , and , most prominently , a growing Hispanic community , Puerto Rican and otherwise . In 2020 , the composition of the neighborhood was 61.1 % white , 21.1 % African American , 1.6 % Asian and Pacific Islander , and 16.1 % mixed and other groups . Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 37.8 % of the population . As of 2019 , Brooklyn Centre had an estimated foreign-born population of 17.3 % , with most being immigrants from Latin America ( especially Guatemala , El Salvador , the Dominican Republic , and Mexico ) .
References
External links
Brooklyn Centre blog
Neighborhoods in Cleveland
German-American culture in Ohio
German communities in the United States
Irish-American culture in Cleveland
Polish-American culture in Cleveland
Polish communities in the United States
Hispanic and Latino American culture in Ohio
Moritz Calisch ( 12 April 1819 , Amsterdam – 13 March 1870 , Amsterdam ) , was a 19th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Biography
According to the RKD they studied at the Royal Academy of Amsterdam under Jan Adam Kruseman and became a member of Arti et Amicitiae , where they later served as vice-chairperson . In 1834 they won 150 guilders from the Drawing society of Rotterdam and a double silver medal for two paintings ; A nursery visit in the family of a fisherman and Louis Bonaparte offering assistance during a flood . They are known for portraits of the Jewish elite of Amsterdam , but also for historical genre works in the romantic style of the 19th century . They were themselves Jewish and three of their friends took the initiative to create a monument in their name .
Gallery
References
External links
Moritz Calisch in the Joods Historisch Museum
A nursery visit in the family of a fisherman , collection Rijksmuseum
Moritz Calisch on Artnet
1819 births
1870 deaths
19th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Painters from Amsterdam
19th-century Dutch male artists
The men 's lightweight ( 60 kg/118.8 lbs ) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O . European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the fourth lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and involved eleven fighters . Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules .
As there were too few participants for a tournament of sixteen , five of the men had byes through to the quarter final stage . Eduard Mammadov from Azerbaijan won gold after having made the final in Agadir the previous year , beating Dzianis Tselitsa from Belarus by unanimous decision . Defeated semi finalists Russian 's Alikhan Chumaev and Grigory Gorokhov both won bronze .
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O . European Championships 2006 ( Skopje )
The Minister for Rural Affairs is a junior position in the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs in the British government . It is currently held by Lord Benyon , who took the office on 13 May 2021 .
Responsibilities
The Minister 's responsibilities include :
Rural affairs : rural productivity and connectivity , rural life opportunities ( childcare , education , skills and health )
Landscape , including National * Parks and AONBs
Access including rights of way and coastal paths
Animal and plant health
Domestic green finance and finance markets for nature and the environment
Lead for RBG Kew , Animal and Plant Health Agency , Veterinary Medicines Directorate and Animal Health and Welfare Board for England
Ministers
References
Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs
The join-calculus is a process calculus developed at INRIA . The join-calculus was developed to provide a formal basis for the design of distributed programming languages , and therefore intentionally avoids communications constructs found in other process calculi , such as rendezvous communications , which are difficult to implement in a distributed setting . Despite this limitation , the join-calculus is as expressive as the full π-calculus . Encodings of the π-calculus in the join-calculus , and vice versa , have been demonstrated .
The join-calculus is a member of the π-calculus family of process calculi , and can be considered , at its core , an asynchronous π-calculus with several strong restrictions :
Scope restriction , reception , and replicated reception are syntactically merged into a single construct , the definition ;
Communication occurs only on defined names ;
For every defined name there is exactly one replicated reception .
However , as a language for programming , the join-calculus offers at least one convenience over the π-calculus — namely the use of multi-way join patterns , the ability to match against messages from multiple channels simultaneously .
Implementations
Languages based on the join-calculus
The join-calculus programming language is a new language based on the join-calculus process calculus . It is implemented as an interpreter written in OCaml , and supports statically typed distributed programming , transparent remote communication , agent-based mobility , and some failure-detection .
Though not explicitly based on join-calculus , the rule system of CLIPS implements it if every rule deletes its inputs when triggered ( retracts the relevant facts when fired ) .
Many implementations of the join-calculus were made as extensions of existing programming languages :
JoCaml is a version of OCaml extended with join-calculus primitives
Polyphonic C # and its successor Cω extend C #
MC # and Parallel C # extend Polyphonic C #
Join Java extends Java
A Concurrent Basic proposal that uses Join-calculus
JErlang ( the J is for Join , erjang is Erlang for the JVM )
Embeddings in other programming languages
These implementations do not change the underlying programming language but introduce join calculus operations through a custom library or DSL :
The ScalaJoins and the Chymyst libraries are in Scala
JoinHs by Einar Karttunen and syallop/Join-Language by Samuel Yallop are DSLs for Join calculus in Haskell
Joinads - various implementations of join calculus in F #
CocoaJoin is an experimental implementation in Objective-C for iOS and Mac OS X
The Join Python library is in Python 3
C++ via Boost ( for boost from 2009 , ca . v. 40 , current ( Dec '19 ) is 72 ) .
References
External links
INRIA , Join Calculus homepage
Microsoft Research , The Join Calculus : a Language for Distributed Mobile Programming
Process calculi
DWFO ( 87.5 FM ) , broadcasting as 87.5 Republika FM1 , is a radio station owned and operated by the Philippine Broadcasting Service , the broadcast arm of the Presidential Communications Group . Its studios and transmitter are located at the 4th Floor , Philippine Information Agency Building , Visayas Ave. , Quezon City . The station operates on terrestrial radio Mondays to Saturdays from 5:00 AM to 12:00 MN and Sundays from 5:00 AM to 9:00 PM , while it operates 24 hours a day on its online platforms .
History
Prior history
Prior to the PBS 's acquisition , the Kapisanan ng mga Brodkaster ng Pilipinas ( KBP ) asked the National Telecommunications Commission ( NTC ) to reserve the said frequency for local campuses ( including Angelicum College , where they own the said frequency under the call letters DWAC-FM ) due to multiple reports that some others will use the latter frequency for commercial purposes . Also , a few religious and community groups ( such as Jehovah 's Witnesses ) operated the frequency with a low-powered signal enough to cover its main target area .
Acquisition by PBS
Radio veteran Rizal `` Bong '' Aportadera , Jr. ( Sonny B ) was appointed by Presidential Communications Operations Office ( PCOO ) Sec . Martin Andanar as the Director General of the Philippine Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) in July 2016 .
In an official statement by Andanar , PBS acquired the 87.5 MHz frequency and was later approved by the NTC .
On November 1 , 2017 , FM1 began its test broadcast at 1:00 am . A few days later , the station 's DJs ( mostly former DJs of Mellow 947 and Tiger22 's stations 99.5 Play FM , Wave 89.1 , Jam 88.3 , Magic 89.9 and 103.5 K-Lite ) identified the frequency under the call sign DWFO , subject to approval from the NTC .
Since November 1 , 2017 , the station 's initial 1 kW power increases in two phases : an increase to 10 kW by December 28 , 2017 , then upgraded to 25 kW ( the maximum licensed nominal power for an FM station ) on January 1 , 2018 . The power increase makes FM1 able to cover Mega Manila and some surrounding provinces , though the ERP power is currently not at par with FM2 as well as the orientation of the new antenna expected to adjust to provide stable coverage .
FM1 have bared plans for nationwide expansion by launching the first provincial stations , including FM1 Davao which was launched on August 1 , 2018 ( later moved to 87.9 MHz in Davao City , in February 2020 ) , with plans of establishing more stations in Cebu , Cagayan de Oro , Bacolod , Iloilo , Baguio , Bohol , Boracay , General Santos , Laoag , Butuan , and Zamboanga .
On June 12 , 2020 , in the day of the Philippine independence at noon , FM1 enhanced its branding as REPUBLIKA FM1 , with the slogan Radio Republic of the Youth . The rebranding comes about four months after its sister station FM2 was rebranded as Capital FM2 . The rebranding went same for its station in Davao .
On November 14 , 2020 , FM1 launched Weekend Recovery Radio , a Saturday show that airs music from 3 to 10 years ago , replacing Sunday Y2K .
See also
Radyo Pilipinas 1
Radyo Pilipinas 2
Radyo Pilipinas Worldwide
104.3 FM2
Philippine Broadcasting Service
FM1 Davao
References
External links
Official Website
Contemporary hit radio stations in the Philippines
Radio stations in Metro Manila
Radio stations established in 2017
Philippine Broadcasting Service
2017 establishments in the Philippines
Inca education during the time of the Inca Empire was divided into two principal spheres : education for the upper classes and education for the general population . The royal classes and a few specially-chosen individuals from the provinces of the Empire were formally educated by the Amawtakuna ( philosopher-scholars ) , while the general population were passed on knowledge and skills by their immediate forebears . Since the Incas did not have a written language , but instead had Quipus to record , it is difficult to determine the type of educational system the Incas did have .
The Amawtakuna in Peru constituted a special class of wise men similar to the bards of Great Britain . They included illustrious philosophers , poets , and priests who kept the histories of the Incas alive by imparting the knowledge of their own culture , history , and traditions throughout the kingdom . Considered the most highly educated and respected men in the Empire , the Amawtakuna were largely entrusted with educating those of royal blood , as well as other young members of conquered cultures specially chosen to administer the regions . Thus , education throughout the territories of the Incas was socially discriminatory , barring the rank and file from the formal education that royalty received . The Amawtakuna did ensure that the general population learned Quechua as the language of the Empire , much in the same way the Romans promoted Latin throughout Europe .
Education of the Inca nobility
According to Fray Martín de Murúa , a chronicler of the time , the education of the young novices ( yachakuq runa , in Quechua ) received from the Amawtakuna began at age 13 in the houses of knowledge ( Yachaywasi in Quechua ) in Cuzco . The Amawtakuna used their erudition to teach the young novices of the empire about Inca religion , history and government , and moral norms . They also ensured a thorough understanding of the quipu , the Incas ' unique logical-numerical system which used knotted strings to keep accurate records of troops , supplies , population data , and agricultural inventories . In addition , the young men were given careful training in physical education and military techniques .
Most Inca novices finished their education at around age 19 . After passing their examinations , the young men would receive their wara ( a special type of underwear ) as proof of their maturity and virility . Their education concluded with a special ceremony , attended by the Empire 's oldest and most illustrious Incas and Amawtakuna , at which the new young nobles , as future rulers , demonstrated their physical prowess and warrior skills and proved their masculinity . The candidates were also presented to the Inca sovereign , who pierced their ears with large pendants and congratulated the young aspirants on the proficiency they had shown , reminding them of the responsibilities attached to their station ( and birth , in the case of members of the royalty ) and calling them the new `` Children of the Sun . ''
Some historians and authors have pointed to feminine schools ( `` Aklla wasi '' , in Quechua ) for Inca princesses and other women . It is believed the education given at the Acllahuasi in Cuzco was much different from that given at the other Acllahuasis in the provinces of the empire . The women learned Inca lore and the art of womanhood as well as skills related to governance , but on a limited scale in comparison to the men . Other skills included spinning , weaving , and chicha brewing . When the Spanish chroniclers and conquistadors arrived they viewed these institutions as the Inca version of the European nunnery . Like the men , women were brought into the Acllahuasis from faraway villages throughout the empire after being specifically chosen by Inca agents . After finishing their training , some women would stay to train newly arrived girls , while lower-ranking women might be chosen to be secondary wives of the Sapa Inca , if they wished it , or be sent as rewards to other men who had done something to please the sovereign .
Popular education
The general population did have access to the noble education of the elite people due to the rights given to them , but many did not go to formal schooling . These children got their education from the elder people in their families . The education was primarily on the culture and the artistic aspects of Inca life . Even though education was seen as a right for all people , public education was not formal and many of the children did not go .
Education after Colonization
After the arrival of the Europeans , there were two types of Inca education in the empire . As the Europeans were coming in contact with the natives , interracial relationships between noble Inca women and conquistador men occurred . The interracial children had a combination of two upbringings ; one of formal European education , and another of cultural education from the Inca side of the family . One of the most notable people to have this sort of upbringing was Garcilaso , the child of an Inca noblewoman and European father . They had the luxury of formal European education and the tutoring from their Inca relatives . This gave them an understanding of how the Europeans treated the Inca .
Another type of education within the Inca Empire was the teaching of Inca culture to the Europeans . When the Europeans arrived , they were surprised to see no written language , but instead the use of the quipu . There were many instances of conquistadors coming into Peru and learning how to use the quipu . One example is Guama Poma creating a book on the quipu and presenting it to King of Spain Philip II .
References
Inca
History of education in South America
Native American education
Saulo Torón Navarro ( June 28 , 1885 – January 23 , 1974 ) was a Spanish poet .
1885 births
1974 deaths
Spanish male poets
20th-century Spanish poets
20th-century Spanish male writers
Agnes Kane Callum ( February 24 , 1925 – July 22 , 2015 ) was a genealogist known for their research into Maryland 's African-American history . They were a founding member of the Baltimore Afro-American Historical and Genealogical Society , a frequent columnist for The Catholic Review , and the founding editor of a black genealogical journal , Flower of the Forest . Callum was inducted into the Maryland Women 's Hall of Fame in 2014 .
Early life and education
They were born in Baltimore , Maryland , in 1925 , the fifth of 12 children of Phillip Moten Kane and Mary Gough Kane . Them paternal grandfather , Henry Kane , was born into slavery at Sotterley Plantation in St. Mary 's County , Maryland .
After attending Baltimore public schools , they held a variety of jobs , including salesperson for a black-owned cosmetics company , Beauty Queen Co. ; insurance agent for the North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company ; licensed practical nurse at Rosewood Hospital ; and night clerk for the United States Postal Service . They were active in their community , joining the Eastside Democratic Organization , founding a neighborhood club called `` Clean Up for a Better Neighborhood , '' and organizing educational field trips for local schoolchildren .
At age 44 they resumed their education , earning a master 's degree in social sciences at Morgan State University . In 1973 they received a Fulbright-Hays Scholarship and studied at the University of Ghana at Legon . Callum became interested in their family history while still an undergraduate , when they wrote a paper titled `` The Acquisition of Land by Free Blacks in St. Mary 's County Maryland '' for a Black History class .
Career
In 1979 they published their first book , Kane-Butler Genealogy : History of a Black Family . They went on to publish many volumes of research documenting the connections between the enslaved and slaveholders in Maryland , and U.S . Colored Troops in Maryland . They also contributed many articles to the Catholic Review about the role of people of African descent , such as Mathias de Sousa , in colonial Maryland .
In 1982 they gave a presentation titled The Genealogy of a Slave Family of St. Mary 's County , Maryland 1793–1900 at the annual conference of the Association for the Study of African American Life and History ( ASALH ) . That same year , they founded a black genealogical journal , Flower of the Forest , named for a tract of land in St. Mary 's County , Maryland , that had been owned by the Butler family for 125 years . Callum edited and published the journal for 25 years . They were still publishing online as late as 2014 .
They were a member of the Board of Trustees of the Sotterley Plantation , a founding member of the Baltimore chapter of the Afro-American Historical and Genealogical Society , and a founding member of the Commission to Coordinate the Study , Commemoration and Impact of Slavery 's History and Legacy in Maryland .
Callum 's research has helped many people trace their ancestors who were enslaved in Maryland . They documented the history of St. Francis Xavier Church in East Baltimore , the first Catholic parish officially established for African Americans . Them research into slave life at the Sotterley Plantation provided the basis for the educational program `` Slavery to Freedom , '' at Sotterley .
Personal life
Them husband , Solomon Melvin Callum , died in 1975 . They had five children , two of whom predeceased them
Death and memorials
They died in Baltimore on July 22 , 2015 , of complications from Parkinson 's disease .
In 2006 , a complete set of their published works was donated to the Reginald F. Lewis Museum of Maryland African American History & Culture in Baltimore . In 2007 , the Baltimore chapter of the Afro-American Historical and Genealogical Society was renamed the Agnes Kane Callum chapter in their honor . They received an honorary degree in history from St. Mary 's College of Maryland in 2008 . In 2017 , the Slave Cabin Exhibition at Sotterley Plantation was dedicated to their memory .
Books
See also
History of slavery in Maryland
Eleanor Butler
References
External links
1926 births
2015 deaths
American genealogists
20th-century American women writers
Writers from Baltimore
African-American women writers
American magazine editors
Morgan State University alumni
Deaths from Parkinson 's disease
Women magazine editors
American women historians
Historians from Maryland
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American writers
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
Beaver Local School District is a public school district serving the communities of Calcutta , Lake Tomahawk , and Rogers in southeastern Columbiana County , Ohio , United States , as well as parts of surrounding Elkrun , Madison , Middleton , and St. Clair townships .
The Beaver Local School District is one of the largest rural area districts in the state , covering nearly 144 square miles .
All sports teams are nicknamed the Beavers , and the district 's colors are red and white .
History
On November 19 , 1934 , the Columbiana County Board of Education passed a resolution establishing the Beaver Rural School District . The district was a consolidation of the following existing rural school districts at that time : Elkrun , Madison , Middleton , Negley , St. Clair , and parts of Center and Fairfield Centralized . Later , the name of Beaver Rural School District was changed to Beaver Local School District .
Administration
Superintendents :
County Superintendent McBride , 1945-1954
George Van Horne , 1955-1964
Roy Cashdollar , 1964-1982
Paul Taylor , 1982-1985
Nelson McCray , 1986-1991
Frank Blankenship , 1991-2000
Willard C. Adkins , 2001-2007
Dr. Sandra DiBacco , 2008-2011
Kent Polen , 2011-2015
Louis Ramunno , 2015-2016 ( interim )
Eric Lowe , 2016–present
Current schools
High schools
Beaver Local High School
Middle schools
Beaver Local Middle School
Elementary schools
Beaver Local Elementary School
Former schools
Calcutta Elementary School - 15482 State Route 170 , Calcutta ; built c.1950 , closed & demolished in 2015
Beaver Local High/Middle School # 1 - 13052 State Route 7 , Lisbon ; built in 1956 , closed & demolished in 2015
Beaver Local High School # 2 - 13187 State Route 7 , Lisbon ; built c.1963 , closed & demolished in 2015
Elkton Elementary School - 42491 Elk Alley , Lisbon ; built in 1958 , closed in the 1990s
Rogers Elementary School - 8059 Sprucevale Road , Rogers ; built in 1951 , closed & demolished in 2015
West Point Elementary School - 13360 West Point Road , West Point ; built in 1953 , closed & demolished in 2015
References
Education in Columbiana County , Ohio
School districts in Ohio
Public schools in Ohio
School districts established in 1934
Jacks Reef Pentagonal is the name for small ( 1 '' to 1 ½ '' ) , broad projectiles and specialized knives . They were named by William A. Ritchie based on examples recovered from the Point Peninsula Jack 's Reef archaeological site in Onondaga County , New York . The projectiles have mostly been dated to within a few hundred years of 900 AD , in the early era of the Owasco culture .
The knives are thin , five-sided points with sharp tips . Jack 's Reef Corner Notched and Jack 's Reef Pentagonal are related and contemporary points , with The Corner Notched points rarer than the Pentagonal ones . The hafting areas are usually contracted , with slightly concave or straight bases . The overall outline of the point is typically pentagonal , with straight sides . The blades were in use during the Late Woodland period . The Jack 's Reef Pentagonal points also appear in the Brewerton complex ( Middle Archaic ) in a much thicker , cruder , and larger form .
A few smaller but crude examples appear in the Point Peninsula 2 complex ( later Middle Woodland ) . They were also present in the Intrusive Mound Culture graves , especially at the Mound City Hopewell group in Ross County , Ohio . Blade distribution runs from Missouri to the west , southward to Alabama , and eastward to the coast , then northward through New York and back west through Illinois . Examples have also been found in Pennsylvania and Virginia .
See also
Other projectile points
External links
Virginia Department of Historic Resources
References
Projectile points
Indigenous weapons of the Americas
Onondaga County , New York
Onondaga
Tonnachau Mountain ( also variously spelled Tonachau and Tonaachaw ) , is a mountain on Weno Island in Chuuk State of the Federated States of Micronesia . Rising to a height of , it is not the highest peak of Moen , which is Mount Teroken to the south . Tonnachau is , however , a prominent landmark rising above Chuuk International Airport . The mountain also has an important place in Chuukese culture and prehistory , with archaeologically significant prehistoric middens and fortifications on its summit ridge which date back as far as 4,000 BCE . Chuukese tradition states that its hero Soukachou built a fort on Tonachau when they arrived from Kosrae and established rule over the lagoon . The mountain also has extensive remains of mainly Japanese fortifications erected during World War II .
The mountain was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places on September 30 , 1976 , a time when Chuuk was part of the US-administered Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands .
References
National Register of Historic Places in the Federated States of Micronesia
Mountains of the Federated States of Micronesia
Weno
Ngaputoru ( ) is the generic name give to the islands of Atiu , Mauke , Mitiaro and Takutea in the Cook Islands archipelago . In the Cook Islands Māori language , the term means `` the ( nga ) roots ( pu ) three ( toru ) '' , or in English `` the three roots '' . Ngaputoru , which is a term used locally , refers to family ties of the ariki ( chiefs ) of Atiu , Mauke and Mitiaro . The island of Takutea is uninhabited . These islands are in the easternmost part of the Southern Cook Islands .
References
Islands of the Cook Islands
The 1982 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1982 NCAA Division I-A football season .
Schedule
Roster
QB John Bond , Jr .
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Bridge ( ) is a village in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom . It is about 1 km east of Portreath ( where the 2011 census population is included ) .
References
Villages in Cornwall
My Heart Goes Boom ! ( ) is a 2020 Spanish jukebox musical comedy film directed by Nacho Álvarez , starring Ingrid García-Jonsson and Verónica Echegui . The film is based on songs by Italian artist Raffaella Carrà .
The film was nominated for three Goya Awards and three Feroz Awards .
Cast
Ingrid García-Jonsson as María
Verónica Echegui as Amparo
Fernando Guallar as Pablo
Giuseppe Maggio as Massimiliano
Fran Morcillo as Lucas
Fernando Tejero as Chimo
Pedro Casablanc as Celedonio
Carlos Hipólito as Ismael
Natalia Millán as Rosa
Awards
References
External links
2020 films
2020s musical comedy films
Spanish musical comedy films
2020s Spanish-language films
2020 comedy films
Tornasol Films films
2020s Spanish films
Autumn Exhibition of Leningrad artists of 1968 ( ) opened in Exhibition Halls of the Leningrad Union of Soviet Artists become one of the largest Art Exhibition of 1968 in the USSR .
History and Organization
For the organization and preparation of Exhibition was formed specially Exhibition Committee which consisted of the most authoritative art-experts . Exhibition Catalog was published . In total , the Exhibition displayed almost 500 works of art of painters , sculptors , graphics , artists of theater and cinema , masters of arts and crafts . At whole Exhibition attended over 300 artists of the Leningrad .
Contributing Artists
In the largest Department of Painting were exhibited art works of 126 authors . There were Piotr Alberti , Vsevolod Bazhenov , Dmitry Buchkin , Sergei Frolov , Nikolai Galakhov , Tatiana Gorb , Vladimir Gorb , Mikhail Kaneev , Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova , Victor Korovin , Elena Kostenko , Nikolai Kostrov , Anna Kostrova , Gevork Kotiantz , Mikhail Kozell , Engels Kozlov , Vladimir Krantz , Ivan Lavsky , Dmitry Maevsky , Gavriil Malish , Eugene Maltsev , Nikolai Mukho , Mikhail Natarevich , Sergei Osipov , Vladimir Ovchinnikov , Lev Orekhov , Victor Otiev , Genrikh Pavlovsky , Varlen Pen , Maria Rudnitskaya , Ivan Savenko , Vladimir Sakson , Alexander Semionov , Arseny Semionov , Boris Shamanov , Alexander Shmidt , Elena Skuin , Kim Slavin , Alexander Stolbov , German Tatarinov , Nikolai Timkov , Mikhail Trufanov , Yuri Tulin , Ivan Varichev , Anatoli Vasiliev , Rostislav Vovkushevsky , Lazar Yazgur , Vecheslav Zagonek , Sergei Zakharov , Ruben Zakharian , Elena Zhukova , and others most prominent painters of the Leningrad School .
In the Department of Sculptures were exhibited art works of 55 sculptors . Department of graphics presented a creation of 62 artists .
Contributed Artworks
For the Exhibition were selected art works created in 1967-1968 , also some earlier works . All they were exhibited in the first time . Some of them were subsequently found in the collections of Soviet Art museums , as well as domestic and foreign galleries and collectors .
Portrait was presented of `` Valia Komrakova , Komsomol member '' by Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova , `` Portrait of Mother '' by Elena Kostenko , `` Portrait of artist Victor Valcefer '' by Engels Kozlov , `` Postwoman Nina '' by Dmitry Maevsky , `` Girlfriends '' by Victor Otiev , `` Portrait of art critic Brodsky '' by Varlen Pen , `` Female portrait '' , `` Portrait of artist Oganesov '' by Mikhail Trufanov , and others .
Genre painting was presented of `` In Klaipėda '' by Victor Korovin , `` In Bathroom in the Morning '' by Elena Kostenko , `` On the shore '' by Eugene Maltsev , `` At the Bus Stop '' by Mikhail Natarevich , `` New Suburb '' by German Tatarinov , `` A Youth '' by Anatoli Vasiliev , and others .
Landscape and Cityscape were presented of `` Aspens '' by Piotr Alberti , `` Spring sketch '' , `` Winter sketch '' by Vsevolod Bazhenov , `` Pskov '' , `` Izborsk '' by Dmitry Buchkin , `` Twilight '' , `` Bad weather '' by Sergei Frolov , `` Karelia . A Warm winter '' , `` A Morning '' by Nikolai Galakhov , `` Canary Islands '' by Vladimir Gavrilov , `` Novgorod . Yaroslavovo Dvorishche '' , `` Pskov . Church of Michael Archangel '' by Mikhail Kaneev , `` Autumn '' , `` Nida . In the dunes '' by Victor Korovin , `` Backwater '' , `` Cowhouse '' by Mikhail Kozell , `` Early May '' by Vladimir Krantz , `` Mountain pass '' by Ivan Lavsky , `` Kola Bay '' by Nikolai Mukho , `` Spring '' , `` Evening '' by Mikhail Natarevich , `` A Midday '' , `` Ferriage in Old Ladoga '' by Lev Orekhov , `` April '' , `` Gypsum plant '' by Sergei Osipov , `` Volkhov River in evening '' , `` On the river '' by Victor Otiev , `` Street in Pristannoye '' , `` Twilight '' , `` Torzhok '' by Vladimir Ovchinnikov , `` Cēsis '' by Varlen Pen , `` A March '' , `` Early Spring '' , `` Spring . A Blue day '' by Ivan Savenko , `` A Night '' , `` Morning '' by Vladimir Sakson , `` Yaroslavl Kremlin '' , `` Small Bridge '' , `` Pushkin town . Lyceum '' by Alexander Semionov , `` Suzdal . View on the Kremkin '' , `` Suzdal . Relict of the ancient Architecture '' by Arseny Semionov , `` Courtyard on the South '' by Alexander Shmidt , `` The Russia '' , `` The Silent river '' , `` Russia '' by Kim Slavin , `` Landscape with haying '' by Alexander Stolbov , `` Sunny Day '' , `` Haystack '' , `` A Winter has come '' , `` Autumn '' by Nikolai Timkov , `` Pskov land expanse '' by Yuri Tulin , `` Warm Autumn '' , `` A Window '' , `` A Wind '' , `` Syas River '' by Ivan Varichev , `` Spring on the Volkhov River '' by Lazar Yazgur , `` Autumn forest '' , `` Winter window '' by Vecheslav Zagonek , `` Spring in Tadzhikistan '' , `` Factory settlement '' by Sergei Zakharov , `` Old Tbilisi '' by Ruben Zakharian , `` Exultant spring '' , `` Gorge in the mountains '' Elena Zhukova , by and others .
Still life paintings were presented of `` Still life '' by Dmitry Buchkin , `` White Roses in the Pink Jug '' by Vladimir Gorb , `` Interior '' by Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova , `` Pink Still life '' , `` Still life '' by Gevork Kotiantz , `` Still life with Jug '' by Sergei Osipov , `` Food of fisherman '' , `` In the country . Still life '' , `` Breakfast of lineman '' by Genrikh Pavlovsky , `` Still life with Red Tray '' by Maria Rudnitskaya , `` Dog-rose '' by Boris Shamanov , `` Still life with Jug and Persimmon '' , `` Light-Blue Still life '' by Elena Skuin , `` Still life '' by Mikhail Trufanov , `` Fruits on the Table '' , `` Cactus '' by Gleb Verner , `` Miner 's still life '' by Rostislav Vovkushevsky , and others .
Acknowledgment
Autumn Exhibition of Leningrad artists of 1968 was widely covered in press and in literature on Soviet fine art .
See also
Fine Art of Leningrad
Leningrad School of Painting
1968 in fine arts of the Soviet Union
Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
Socialist realism
References
Sources
Осенняя выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1968 года . Каталог . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1971 .
Справочник членов Ленинградской организации Союза художников РСФСР . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1980 .
Художники народов СССР . Биобиблиографический словарь . Т.1-4 . М. , Искусство , 1970-1995 .
Справочник членов Союза художников СССР . Т.1-2 . М. , Советский художник , 1979 .
Хроника узловых событий художественной жизни России 1960-1980-х годов // Time for Change . The Art of 1960-1985 in the Soviet Union . Saint Petersburg , State Russian Museum , 2006 .
Sergei V. Ivanov . Unknown Socialist Realism . The Leningrad School . Saint Petersburg , NP-Print Edition , 2007 . P.396 , 417 , 442. ,
Юбилейный Справочник выпускников Санкт-Петербургского академического института живописи , скульптуры и архитектуры имени И. Е. Репина Российской Академии художеств . 1915—2005 . Санкт Петербург , « Первоцвет » , 2007 .
Art exhibitions in Russia
1968 works
1968 in the Soviet Union
Soviet art
Socialist realism
Rankine 's theory ( maximum-normal stress theory ) , developed in 1857 by William John Macquorn Rankine , is a stress field solution that predicts active and passive earth pressure . It assumes that the soil is cohesionless , the wall is frictionless , the soil-wall interface is vertical , the failure surface on which the soil moves is planar , and the resultant force is angled parallel to the backfill surface . The equations for active and passive lateral earth pressure coefficients are given below . Note that φ ' is the angle of shearing resistance of the soil and the backfill is inclined at angle β to the horizontal .
For the case where β is 0 , the above equations simplify to
Rankine theory
Rankine 's Theory assumes that failure will occur when the maximum principal stress at any point reaches a value equal to the tensile stress in a simple
tension specimen at failure . This theory does not take into account the effect of the other two principal stresses . Rankine 's theory is satisfactory for brittle materials , and not applicable to ductile materials . This theory is also called the Maximum Stress Theory .
Active and passive soil pressures
This theory , which considers the soil to be in a state of plastic equilibrium , makes the assumptions that the soil is homogeneous , isotropic and has internal friction . The pressure exerted by soil against the wall is referred to as active pressure . The resistance offered by the soil to an object pushing against it is referred to as `` passive pressure '' . Rankine 's theory is applicable to incompressible soils . The equation for cohesionless active earth pressure is expressed as :
where :
and :
Ka = Coefficient of active pressure
w = weight density of soil
h = depth of the section ( below top soil ) where the pressure is being evaluated .
β = angle that the top surface of soil makes with the horizontal .
φ = angle of internal friction of soil .
The expression for passive pressure is :
where :
Or in the case of β=0 , then the two coefficients are inversely proportional , such that :
See also
Lateral earth pressure
Mohr–Coulomb theory
Soil mechanics
Retaining wall
References
*
Soil mechanics
Danielle Peck is the debut studio album for country singer Danielle Peck . It was released on June 6 , 2006 , on Big Machine Records . Three singles from this album charted on the Hot Country Songs chart between 2005 and 2007 . These were `` I Do n't '' at No . 28 , `` Findin ' a Good Man '' at No . 16 , and `` Is n't That Everything '' at No . 30 .
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic :
Mike Brignardello - bass
Tom Bukovac - electric guitar
Gary Burnette - electric guitar
J. T. Corenflos - electric guitar
Dan Dugmore - steel guitar
Stuart Duncan - fiddle , mandolin
Shannon Forrest - drums , percussion
Larry Franklin - fiddle , mandolin
Paul Franklin - steel guitar
Byron Gallimore - electric guitar
Byron Hagen - keyboards
Doug Kahan - bass
Troy Lancaster - electric guitar
Paul Leim - drums , percussion
Chris Leuzinger - 12-string guitar , acoustic guitar
Steve Nathan - keyboards
Jimmy Nichols - keyboards
Michael Noble - 12-string guitar , acoustic guitar
Alison Prestwood - bass
Steven Sheehan - 12-string guitar , acoustic guitar
Harry Stinson - drums , percussion
Bryan Sutton - 12-string guitar , acoustic guitar
Lonnie Wilson - drums , percussion
Glenn Worf - bass
Jonathan Yudkin - fiddle , mandolin
Chart performance
Album
Singles
References
2006 debut albums
Big Machine Records albums
Danielle Peck albums
Albums produced by Jeremy Stover
Albums produced by Byron Gallimore
Charles Stanley Catlow ( 21 February 1908 – 7 March 1986 ) was an English cricketer . Catlow was a right-handed batsman . They were born in Darwen , Lancashire .
Catlow made two first-class appearances for Northamptonshire in 1929 , one against Oxford University and the other against the touring South Africans . In the match against Oxford University at the Ideal Clothiers Ground , they scored 10 not out in Northamptonshire 's first-innings batting at number six . In their second-innings they were promoted to open the batting , though without success as they were dismissed for a duck by Charles Hill-Wood , with Oxford University winning by an innings and 121 runs . Against the South Africans at the County Ground , they scored 8 runs in Northamptonshire 's only innings , before being dismissed by Sandy Bell . The match ended in a draw .
They died in Northampton , Northamptonshire on 7 March 1986 .
References
External links
Charles Catlow at ESPNcricinfo
Charles Catlow at CricketArchive
1908 births
1986 deaths
People from Darwen
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Paraul ( ; , Pari-avul ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Karabudakhkentsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 4,949 as of 2010 . There are 66 streets .
Geography
Paraul is located 90 km northwest of Novokayakent ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Karabudakhkent and Buynaksk are the nearest rural localities .
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Melikhovo ( ) is a writer 's house museum in the former country estate of the Russian playwright and writer Anton Chekhov . Chekhov lived in the estate from March 1892 until August 1899 , and it is where they wrote some of their most famous plays and stories , including The Seagull and Uncle Vanya . The estate is about forty miles south of Moscow near Chekhov .
Chekhov at Melikhovo
After their return from Sakhalin island in 1891 , Chekhov wrote in a letter : `` If I am a doctor , then I need sick people and a hospital ; if I am a writer , then I need to live among people , and not on Malaya Dimotrovka [ a street in Moscow. ] ... I need a piece of social and political life , '' .
Besides their desire to be a more active doctor , Chekhov wanted to move to the country to improve their health , which had suffered from their trip to Sakhalin .
A small country house owned by Nikolai Sorokhtin , a set decorator for the Hermitage summer garden theater in Moscow , was on the market . it was located in the small settlement of Melikhovo , which in 1890 had three country estates and a population of three hundred . The wooden house had been built in the 1840s in the Russian neoclassical style , and Sorokhtin had remodeled it in a more picturesque style . Sorokhtin ran short of funds and in the beginning of 1892 they placed an advertisement in the newspaper Moskovskiy Vedomosti . Chekhov saw the advertisement , met with them on February 2 , 1892 , and purchased the house . The Chekhov family moved there on March 1 , 1892 , and Chekhov themselves arrived on March 4 .
Chekhov lived in the one-story main house with their mother , their sister , Maria Chekhova , and their father , Pavel Yegorovich Chekhov . They had their study and library with a desk by a window looking at the garden . Their desk portraits of the writers and artists they most admired ; Lev Tolstoy , Ivan Turgenev , Peter Tchaikovsky , Dmitry Grigorovich , and Viktor Goltsev . In their early years at Melikhovo , their study also served as their medical office , where they saw patients . Sick residents of the region began gathering outside the house from five to six o'clock in the morning . They kept medicines in a cabinet on the wall of their study for their patients . They were particularly busy during the cholera epidemic which struck Russia in 1892 and 1893 ; they were responsible for the medical care for 26 villages , seven factories , and a monastery in the region .
Chekhov also took a strong interest in education . They visited the local village schools , and found the conditions deplorable and the teachers underpaid and uninspired . One teacher they met , in the village of Talezh , a young man with a wife and four children raising a family on an income of 23 rubles a month , probably inspired the character Medvedenko in The Seagull . In 1896 built a new school for the children of Talezh , a school for Novosyelka the next year , and in 1899 built a new school in Melikhovo . They also donated furniture and textbooks for the schools .
In 1892 Chekhov made their first improvement on the estate , building a new cookhouse and room for the housemaids . Meals were prepared for Chekhov and their family in guests by their long-time cook Maria Dormidontovna Belenovskaya , and the servants ate in kitchen .
In the summer of 1894 , Chekhov had constructed a small two-story guest cottage not far from the house , with a terrace overlooking the garden . The lower floor served as their new medical reception room , and the upper floor as a guest room and as a room for writing away from the noise of the main house . In November 1895 Chekhov completed The Seagull in this house , and in 1896 they finished Uncle Vanya there . In 1898 , upon their return from Nice , in France , they wrote a trilogy of three famous stories there : The Man in a Case , About Love , and Gooseberries . In May 1899 , after the success of the Seagull at the Moscow Art Theater , they invited the leading actor of the play , Olga Knipper , to visit him . They stayed in the guest cottage for three days in mid-May 1899 . They married Chekhov in May 1901 .
As their tuberculosis became worse , Chekhov was forced to abandon their estate and move to the south , to a house in Yalta . They sold the Melikhovo to a timber merchant on August 18 , 1899 , and spent their last day there on August 25 , 1899 .
Chekhov 's writing habits
`` I am writing a play , '' Chekhov wrote to their friend Suvorin from Melikhovo in October 1896 , `` which I will finish no earlier than the end of November . I am not writing it without pleasure , although I am violating all the conventions of playwriting . It is a comedy , three female roles , six male roles , four acts , a landscape ( a view over a lake ) , a lot of talking about literature , little action , and five poods of love. '' . The play was The Seagull .
As a writer , Chekhov did not seem to keep a strict schedule . When they had guests or was busy with their medical practice , they did very little writing at all . One regular guest at Melikhovo , Ignaty Potapenko , observed : `` On those days when I was a Melikhovo , it seemed that they spent all of their time with us . But sometimes during conversations or concerts they would vanish for a few minutes , not for very long , and then would return . It seems that they went to their study and wrote down a few lines , whatever had come into their head . This would happen often during the course of a day . ''
Chekhov told another visitor , the writer Ivan Bunin , `` In the morning it 's necessary to drink not tea , but coffee , which is a wonderful thing . When I work , I limit myself to coffee and bouillon . Morning - coffee . Noon , bouillon . ''
Chekhov 's recreation at Melikhovo
Chekhov was very sociable at Melikhovo , enjoying the company of writers , artists , teachers , actors , and ordinary people . They enjoyed listening to music played on the grand piano in their house by their friend L.C . Mizonova . They enjoyed Tchaikovsky romances and gypsy songs , and they often would sing himself , but only church music ; they had a good bass voice , and would sing the church music they had learned when they were young . In the evening they and their guests would sit in the parlor and play loto . The theater director Vladimir Nemirovich-Danchenko recalled , `` Chekhov loved it when around them there was conversation and joy . They had a fine garden , with beautiful straight alleys , just like in The Seagull . In the evening everyone would play loto , also like The Seagull . ''
When they were not entertaining their guests , Chekhov worked in their garden . they were also an avid fisherman , sitting at the edge of the ponds on the estate with their fishing pole . They also collected mushrooms in walks in the neighboring woods .
Chekhov 's garden
Chekhov was particularly proud of their garden , which surrounded their house and the cottage where they wrote . The garden was a joint project with their sister , Maria Chekhova . Within three months of moving in , Chekhov and their sister had studied books of horticulture and planted flowers , fruit trees , and vegetables , including exotic varieties such as eggplant and artichokes .
. Chekhov themselves worked in the garden , planted ten fruit trees in their first year and ordered vegetable and flower seeds from catalogs . They took their visitors on tours of the garden , proudly showing them every tulip and rose . They placed a bell in the garden to summon guests to meals .
In description of their garden at Melikhovo Chekhov wrote : `` Everything is miniature - a tiny alley , a pond the size of a fish tank , tiny trees . But , after you pace along the alley a couple of times , and look more carefully at everything , the claustrophobic feeling that everything is too small disappears . All of a sudden , we have lots of space '' . Chekhov commented that they would be unable to keep writing unless they worked every day in their garden .
`` Chekhov did not like cut flowers . They loved and knew flowers like a real gardener . Not having their own children , they treated each flower as their child . '' Their favorite flowers were Moscow peonies which were planted along the paths , but they also planted heliotrope , delfinium , chrysanthemums , aster . jonquils , and many other flowers . The aromas of their garden even entered into the plays they wrote at Melikhovo : in The Seagull , the writer Trigorin says , `` When I smell heliotropes ; I take a mental note ; an excessively sweet smell , the color of widows . something I can use describing a summer night . `` .
The original fruit trees in Chekhov 's garden perished in the cold winters of 1941 and 1970 , but a few linden and birch trees from Chekhov 's time still remain , along with one Berlin poplar , where Chekhov 's father sat with the farmworkers shortly before their death in October 1898 .
Melikhovo after Chekhov
In 1899 , Melikhovo became the property of Baron Nikolai Stuart , who used it as a summer house until the Russian Revolution . Only two pieces of Chekhov 's belongings remained there ; their grand piano and their writing desk . After the Revolution Baron Stuart was arrested and shot by the Bolsheviks .
The estate was nationalized by the Bolsheviks in October 1918 , and declared a site of historical and cultural importance , but little was done to protect the house and property . In 1927 Melikhovo became a Sovkhoz , or State collective farm named for Chekhov , and new agricultural buildings , garages and grain silos were built a few meters from the Chekhov house . The main house was completely destroyed , with only a plaque marking its location . The cottage where Chekhov wrote The Seagull was in a state of ruin . Only in 1940 did an effort begin to protect and restore the property . A museum was opened in January 1941 , but closed a few months following the German invasion of the Soviet Union . Melikhovo was declared a state monument in June 1944 , even as World War II was underway , and work began again to restore the buildings . The new museum was opened September 25 , 1944 . The ruined guest cottage was restored in 1954 . Beginning in 1957 , the main house was rebuilt from the ground up ; it was completed in 1960 . In the 1960s . the old Sovkhoz was finally moved to another location , and its buildings demolished . The gardens were replanted with fruit trees and flowers as they were in Chekhov 's time . Restoration and reconstruction work on the buildings of the estate was still continuing in 2011 .
Melikhovo today
Today the Melikhovo Estate museum resembles the estate as it was in Chekhov 's time . The house , guest cottage , and cookhouse have been restored or rebuilt , along a bathhouse , stables , and other estate buildings . Nearby one of the village schools built by Chekhov has been restored , and there is also a reproduction of an `` Ambulatoria , '' one of the village clinics where Chekhov would treat patients . The country house of one of the neighbors has also been restored , and now houses the Chekhov International Theater School .
During the summer scenes from Chekhov plays are presented on the porch of the main house , for an audience seated in the garden .
Melikhovo gallery
Sources and Citations
Bibliography
Orlov , E.L. , ( Chief Editor ) , E.G . Avasharov , A.A. Zhuravlyova , E.D . Orlov , T.N . . Razumovskaya , K.A . Chaikhovskaya ( writers ) , Gosudarstveniy Literaturno-Memorialniy Musey-Zapovednik A.P . Chekhova . Melikhovo Publishing House , Moscow , 2010 . ( )
Chekhov , A.P. , Polnoye Sobraniye Sochineniy i Pisem : B 30 T. M Nauka , 1974–1983 .
External links
Official site of the Melikhovo Estate Museum ( in English )
Museum A.P Chekhov `` Melikhovo '' at Google Cultural Institute
Anton Chekhov
Literary museums in Russia
Museums in Moscow Oblast
Historic house museums in Russia
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Moscow Oblast
Shabaqua Corners is a dispersed rural community and unincorporated area in geographic Dawson Road Lots Township in the Unorganized Part of Thunder Bay District in Northwestern Ontario , Canada . It is west of Thunder Bay at the junction of Ontario Highway 17 and Ontario Highway 11 ; both highways at this point are part of the Trans-Canada Highway . There is an Ontario Provincial Police detachment in the community . The Oskondaga River flows through the community to its mouth at the Shebandowan River just to the south .
References
Other map sources :
Communities in Thunder Bay District
The Asian Football Confederation 's 1999 AFC Women 's Championship was held from 7 to 21 November 1999 in the Philippines .
The tournament was to be originally hosted only in Iloilo City and Bacolod but due to continuous rains affecting the conditions of the pitch at the Iloilo Sports Complex , some matches were held in nearby Barotac Nuevo .
The tournament was won by China in the final against Chinese Taipei before an audience of 7,000 at the Panaad Stadium in Bacolod .
Match officials
10 referees and 9 assistant referees were selected to officiate the matches .
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Matches were held in Iloilo City and Barotac Nuevo ( UTC+8 )
Best teams in second place
Knockout stage
Semi-final
Third place match
Final
Winner
References
External links
RSSSF.com
Women 's Championship
AFC Women 's Asian Cup tournaments
International association football competitions hosted by the Philippines
Afc
AFC Women 's Championship
AFC Women 's Championship
AFC Championship
Paroplitis is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae . There are about five described species in Paroplitis .
Species
These five species belong to the genus Paroplitis :
Paroplitis beringianus Mason , 1981 ( North America )
Paroplitis luzonicus Mason , 1981 ( Philippines )
Paroplitis rugosus Papp , 1991 ( Austria )
Paroplitis vietnamensis van Achterberg & Fernández-Triana , 2013 ( Vietnam )
Paroplitis wesmaeli ( Ruthe , 1860 ) ( Palearctic )
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
The Billboard 200 , published in Billboard magazine , is a weekly chart that ranks the highest-selling music albums and EPs in the United States . These data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a database of merchants that represents more than 90 % of the U.S. music retail market . The sample includes not only music stores and the music departments at electronics and department stores , but also direct-to-consumer transactions and internet sales ( both physical albums and the ones bought via digital downloads ) .
There were 23 number-one albums on this chart in 1999 , including Garth Brook 's Double Live which , starting in early December 1998 , spent a consecutive run of five weeks at the top of the chart . Rapper DMX ' Flesh of My Flesh , Blood of My Blood debuted at number one , making it their second album that debuted at the top of the chart . Pop singer Britney Spears 's first album ... Baby One More Time peaked at number one for six non-consecutive weeks . Certified as diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , it made them the youngest artist that reach the ten million sales mark and the top selling female act of 1999 . TLC 's third album , Fanmail , the year 's top selling hip-hop album , remained at number one for five weeks and won the Grammy Award for Best R & B Album at the 42nd Grammy Awards .
I Am… , the third studio album by rapper Nas , stayed at the top of the chart for two weeks and has been certified double platinum by the RIAA . Puerto Rican pop singer Ricky Martin 's eponymous set achieved sales of six million copies , making it the year 's top-selling album by a solo male artist . Millennium by vocal group Backstreet Boys spent ten weeks at number one on the chart , selling 1,130,000 copies in its first week of release , establishing a new record for the largest sales in a single week since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking sales in 1991 . Millennium became the best-selling album of 1999 , with sales of over 11 million copies . The album also received an Album of the Year and a Best Pop Vocal Album nomination at the Grammy Awards . Nu metal band Limp Bizkit released their second album Significant Other , which debuted at number one and sold over five million copies by the end of the year ; this helped push Limp Bizkit 's first album past the platinum mark . Pop/R & B singer Christina Aguilera 's self-titled debut album was released in August 1999 . Its lead single `` Genie in a Bottle '' reached the top of the singles chart for five weeks , which helped the album reach the number one position in September , selling five million copies by January 2000 .
Fly by the country group Dixie Chicks peaked at number one for two weeks , making them the first country group to reach the top of the Billboard 200 ; the album received the Grammy Award for Best Country Album . Human Clay , the second album by post-grunge band Creed , became a hit , entering the charts at number one and selling ten million copies over the next two years . Latin rock band Santana 's Supernatural , was the longest-running number-one album of the year , topping the chart for twelve non-consecutive weeks , three of which were in 1999 , making it their first number-one album in 28 years . The album sold five million copies in 1999 and won two Grammy Awards for Best Rock Album and for Album of the Year .
Breathe , the fourth album by country artist Faith Hill , entered the charts at number one upon its release in late 1999 . Its title track became Hill 's biggest hit , topping the country and the adult contemporary singles charts ; the album sold five million copies by the end of 2000 and won the Grammy Award for Best Country Album at the 43rd Grammy Awards . Born Again by The Notorious B.I.G . was the second posthumous album by the rapper to reach number-one on the albums chart , and the seventh posthumous title to reach the top during the 1990s .
Chart history
See also
1999 in music
List of number-one albums ( United States )
References
1999
1999 record charts
Albert Edmund Waugh ( September 28 , 1902 — March 6 , 1985 ) was an American economist and long-time academic administrator at the University of Connecticut ( UConn ) from 1924 to 1965 . They served as provost from 1950 to 1965 . Waugh 's journal , which they kept daily from 1941 to 1974 , gave unique insight into the history , academics , and life of the university and was an important primary source for historians such as Bruce M. Stave .
Early life and education
Waugh was born on September 28 , 1902 in Amherst , Massachusetts . Their father was University of Massachusetts Amherst landscape architect Frank Albert Waugh , and their brother was United States Department of Agriculture agricultural economist Frederick V. Waugh . Albert Waugh earned their bachelor of science degree in economics from the Massachusetts Agricultural College in 1924 and their master of science degree from the Connecticut Agricultural College in 1926 . They attended Columbia University in 1925 and the University of Chicago in 1931–1932 and 1942–1943 .
Career
Waugh joined Connecticut Agricultural College as an instructor of agricultural economics in 1924 . They were promoted to assistant professor in 1928 , associate professor in 1932 , and professor in 1937 . They served as head of the Department of Economics from 1939 to 1945 , Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences from 1945 to 1950 , and Provost of the University from 1950 to 1965 , when they retired after forty-one years of service .
During their tenure , Waugh served on numerous university committees , including scholastic standards , curricula and courses , and athletics . They served as a member of the University Senate , elected and ex-officio , during most of their years at the university . They were responsible for construction of the UConn Planetarium on North Eagleville Road in 1954 . It is the oldest planetarium in the state . Waugh was also instrumental to launching UConn 's early college experience program in 1956 , making UConn the first in the nation to offer high school students the opportunity to take college courses in their high school settings . They dealt with numerous controversies during their time as provost , including McCarthyite campaigns against faculty .
Waugh was a member of the American Economic Society , the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , the American Association of University Professors , and Phi Kappa Phi . They served as a trustee of the Norwich State Hospital and the Windham Community Hospital and a director of the Willimantic Trust Company . They moderated Mansfield town meetings for more than forty years , beginning in 1941 . In 1965 , the Connecticut Republican Party selected them to attend the state 's constitutional convention . Waugh served on the State Institutional Building Commission .
Waugh was a sundial enthusiast , described as a `` world authority '' on the subject by the Hartford Courant . They designed sundials at Mystic Seaport and other locations and wrote Sundials : Their Theory and Construction , published by Dover Publications in 1973 . Waugh was the only American invited to join a German organization called `` Friends of Old Clocks . '' They traveled to Europe four times to visit timekeepers there . In 1974 , UConn dedicated in their honor a large sundial , garden , and quadrangle opposite the William Benton Museum of Art on UConn 's Storrs campus .
Waugh published two textbooks : Elements of Statistical Method ( 1938 ) , which was translated into Portuguese in 1946 , and Principles of Economics ( 1947 ) .
Death
Waugh died on March 6 , 1985 , at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston after a long illness . They were survived by their wife , Edith , and sons John S. Waugh and Robert E. Waugh .
References
External links
Albert E. Waugh Papers - UConn Archives & Special Collections
Albert E. Waugh 's daily journal , 1941–1969
1902 births
1985 deaths
Massachusetts Agricultural College alumni
University of Connecticut alumni
American academic administrators
American economists
University of Connecticut faculty
People from Amherst , Massachusetts
Hisarardı is a village in the Gölhisar district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Gölhisar District
Veendum Prabhatham is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by M. P. Rao and M. R. K. Moorthy . The film stars Prem Nazir , Vijayasree , Sharada , Jose Prakash and Prema in the lead roles . The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy . This film was a blockbuster at the box office .
Plot
Gopalan Nair works in a factory and struggles to bring up their children . However , an accident in the factory makes them blind . Afraid of being a burden on their young children , they leaf them . Will their 10-year-old daughter Lakshmi and their brothers find their father ?
Cast
Prem Nazir as Ravi
Sharada as Lakshmi ( dubbed by KPAC Lalitha )
Vijayasree as Sarojam
Adoor Bhasi as Sasi
Jose Prakash as Madhu
Radhamani as Latha
Sankaradi as Sarigama Kurup
Veeran as Prabhakara Kaimal
T. S. Muthaiah as Gopalan Nair
Bahadoor as Vikraman
Prema as Mariyamma
Baby Shobha as Young Lakshmi
Baby Sumathi as Young Ravi
C. A. Balan as Pathros Muthalali
Paul Vengola as Lonachan
Ramankutty Menon as Kaimal 's Servant
Thodupuzha Radhakrishnan as Supervisor
Abbas as Drama Proprietor
Vanchiyoor Radha as Parvathi
Master Vijaykumar as Young Madhu
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran and Traditional .
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1973 films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Volleyball Lover ( ) is a 2010 Taiwanese idol romantic-comedy television series . The television drama stars Godfrey Gao as the male main lead and Annie Chen as the female main lead . It began airing on July 16 , 2010 on CTS channel after Pandamen .
Synopsis
Growing up together , Bai Qian Rui ( Godfrey Gao ) and Xin Hai Jing ( Annie Chen ) never saw one another as more than friends . So it 's no wonder when Hai Xing called upon Qian Rui to help out the volleyball team , Qian Rui tried everything to wiggle out of it . They were more interested in romancing the beautiful Jia Kai Lin ( Cindy Song ) than sweating it out with their best pal . Yet , joining the team was exactly what they needed to turn their long-time friendship into something more .
Cast
Main cast
Godfrey Gao as Bai Qian Rui 白謙睿
Annie Chen as Xin Hai Jing 辛海靜
Lan Jun Tian as Liu Qing Han 陸青瀚
Cindy Song ( 宋紀妍 ) as Jia Kai Lin 賈凱琳
Extended cast
Long Long ( 龍隆 ) as Jia Tian Hao 賈天昊
Jane Wang as Li Li Yi 李麗宜
Na Wei Xun as Xin Ji 辛吉
Yang Ming Wei as Luo De Hua 羅德華
Zou Zong Han ( 鄒宗翰 ) as Shi Tou 石頭
Chen Yan Ru ( 陳妍汝 ) as Mei Dai 美黛
They Wan Ting ( 何宛庭 ) as Zhen Ping 真平
Xu Shi Hao ( 許時豪 ) as Ma Han 馬漢
A Da ( 阿達 ) as Wang Chao 王朝
Wang Ming Xun ( 王明勳 ) as Xiao Mi 小米
Wang Zi Min ( 王子珉 ) as Apple
Jiang Wei Wen ( 蔣偉文 ) as Game show host
Zhang Chen Guang as Referee
Qu Zhong Heng as Breakfast owner
Multimedia
Volleyball Lover did not release any soundtrack . However , there are songs used in the series . In particular , the series had ten songs from different artists , released in their respective albums . The opening theme song used is `` My Flower '' by Freda Li while the ending theme song used is by You Xuan entitled `` I Promise You '' .
Track listing
Ratings
The viewer ratings was conducted by AGB Nielsen .
References
External links
Volleyball Lover on CTS
Chinese Television System original programming
2010 Taiwanese television series debuts
2010 Taiwanese television series endings
Taiwanese romantic comedy television series
| }
The European Breeders Fund Novices ' Handicap Hurdle Final is a Grade 3 National Hunt hurdle race in Great Britain which is open to horses aged between four and seven . It is run at Sandown Park over a distance of about 2 miles and 4 furlongs ( 2 miles , 3 furlongs and 173 yards , or ) , and during its running there are nine hurdles to be jumped . It is a handicap race for novices , and it is scheduled to take place each year in March . It is currently sponsored by Matchbook . The race was first run in 1998 .
Winners
Weights given in stones and pounds .
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British National Hunt races
References
Racing Post :
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , ,
National Hunt hurdle races
Sandown Park Racecourse
National Hunt races in Great Britain
Recurring sporting events established in 1998
1998 establishments in England
Van Allen Range ( ) is a range 14 nautical miles ( 26 km ) long that includes Escalade Peak ( 2035 m ) , Tate Peak and Mount Marvel , located at the south margin of Skelton Neve between Boomerang Range and Worcester Range . It was named after James A . Van Allen , an American scientist and one of the original organizers of the International Geophysical Year of 1957–58 . They conducted ionospheric research in the Arctic and Antarctic regions and is the discoverer of the Van Allen radiation belts .
Mountain ranges of Oates Land
Mary Emma `` May '' Jordan McConnel ( 6 September 1860 – 28 April 1929 ) was an Australian trade unionist and suffragist . They were the first paid female trade union organiser in Queensland .
Life
McConnel née Jordan was born on 6 September 1860 at George Street , Brisbane , the daughter of politician Henry Jordan and their wife , Elizabeth ( née Turner ) . They trained as a teacher and nurse . They were secretary of the Tailoresses ' Union , was heavily involved in the formation of the Brisbane Women 's Union , treasurer of the Women 's Equal Franchise Association , and inaugural general secretary of the women 's section of the Australian Labour Federation . It was for the Labour Federation that they would begin working for as an organiser in 1890 .
In March 1890 , they became engaged to David Rose McConnel of Cressbook Station ( first Director of the Central Technical College in Brisbane ) . The couple were married at Sherwood on 24 December 1890 announcing that they did not intend to relinquish their work with the Labour Federation . In February 1891 they were appointed to a Queensland Government committee to enquire into working conditions in shops , factories and workshops . Twin children , Alexander McLeod and Winifred Henry , were born prematurely on 5 August 1891 and both died at six months of age in 1892 . Another unnamed son died at birth on 22 October 1892 . Sons Frederic Jordan and David Ewen were born on 11 September 1894 and 15 April 1900 respectively . In March 1905 , as a member of the Queensland Society for Prevention of Cruelty , they lobbied to have the legislation on neglected children amended .
The family left Brisbane in 1910 for the United Kingdom and United States . On departing , they donated their home Robgill in Indooroopilly to the Methodist Church to use for a children 's home or other philanthropic purpose , resulting in Queen Alexandra Home for Children opening in 1910 with six children , but in 1912 the children 's home was relocated to a larger property Hatherton in Coorparoo .
They died in California on 28 April 1929 . Them husband died in Toowoomba on 22 November 1940 ; they were cremated at Mount Thompson Crematorium and their ashes placed at the Central Technical College according to theirs wishes .
A biographical portrait of May Jordan McConnel appears in Heather Grant 's 2005 book Great Queensland Women .
References
External links
— Miss May Jordan 's Inaugural Address
1860 births
1929 deaths
Australian suffragists
Australian trade unionists
People from Brisbane
is a railway station on the Tsurumi Line in Tsurumi-ku , Yokohama , Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan , operated by East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) . The station is located on the grounds of Toshiba 's Keihin Product Operations , and the only exit from the station is into the company 's grounds . As a result , only Toshiba employees with valid employee ID cards and invited visitors are permitted to enter and exit the station .
Lines
Umi-Shibaura station is the terminus of the Umi-Shibaura branch of the Tsurumi Line and lies from the terminus at Tsurumi Station .
Station layout
A single side platform , located on the waterfront of Tokyo Bay , serves one line for both inbound and outbound trains . The exit is located opposite the buffer stop , with simplified Suica terminals and a ticket disposal box . There is also an automatic ticket machine .
Platform
Service
Umi-Shibaura is served hourly during off-peak times ( midday , night and weekends ) , with more frequent services during morning and evening rush hours .
History
Umi-Shibaura Station was opened on 1 November 1940 as a station on a spur line of the privately held . The Tsurumi Rinkō line was nationalized on 1 July 1943 , and was later absorbed into the Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) network . The station has been unstaffed since 1 March 1971 , although the adjacent Toshiba guardhouse is staffed 24 hours a day . Following the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987 , the station was transferred to operation by JR East . In 2000 , Umi-Shibaura Station was selected as one of the top 100 stations in the Kantō region by a public poll conducted by the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
Surrounding area
Toshiba owns the land beneath the station and the surrounding portion of the Tsurumi Line , and JR East operates both under a long-term lease . Because of the surrounding scenery , and its status as `` the station which you can never leave '' , Umi-Shibaura has been featured in several books and television programs and has gained some popularity as a day-trip destination . Toshiba has catered to these tourists by constructing a small park ( Shibaura Park ) within the station for employees and waiting passengers ; it is open to the public ( during business hours ) and has a sweeping view of the surrounding sea .
References
Harris , Ken and Clarke , Jackie . Jane 's World Railways 2008-2009 . Jane 's Information Group ( 2008 ) .
External links
JR East Umi-Shibaura Station information
Railway stations in Kanagawa Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1940
Toshiba
Railway stations without public access
Hubert Winkler ( 13 February 1875 in Prenzlau – 10 June 1941 in Breslau ) was a German botanist , who specialized in tropical flora research .
From 1895 they studied theology and botany at the University of Breslau , where in 1901/02 they worked as an assistant at the botanical garden . Afterwards , they worked at the Botanical Museum in Berlin and at the botanic garden in Victoria , Kamerun . In 1921 they became an associate professor of phytogeography at the University of Breslau , where in 1927 they attained a full professorship .
In 1905 , botanist Adolf Engler published Winklerella , which is a genus of flowering plants from Cameroon , belonging to the family Podostemaceae . It was named in Hubert Winkler 's honor .
In 1908 they conducted botanical studies in the Malay Peninsula and the Dutch East Indies , where they also collected rattan plants and seed for importation to German colonies . In 1910 they carried out botanical investigations in East Africa .
Selected works
They were authored of the volume on Betulaceae in Adolf Engler 's Das Pflanzenreich and of the sections on Musaceae and Cannaceae in Engler and Prantl 's Die Natürlichen Pflanzenfamilien . Other writings by Winkler include :
Pflanzengeographische Studien über die Formation des Buchenwaldes , 1901 – Phytogeographical studies on the formation of beech forests .
Beiträge zur Morphologie und Biologie tropischer Blüten und Früchte , 1906 – Contributions to the morphology and biology of tropical flowers and fruits .
Eine akademische Studienfahrt nach Ostafrika ( with Carl Zimmer , 1912 ) – An academic study excursion to East Africa .
Botanisches Hilfsbuch für Pflanzer , Kolonialbeamte , Tropenkaufleute und Forschungsreisende , 1912 – Botanical guide for planters , colonial officers , tropical merchants and explorers .
Entwicklungsgeschichte der Pflanzenwelt . Pflanzengeographie . Die Pflanzenwelt der Tropen , 1913 ( with Walther Gothan , Robert Knud Friedrich Pilger , 1913 ) – Evolutionary history of the plant world / Plant geography / The plant world of the tropics .
References
External links
Winkler , Hubert Nationaal Herbarium Nederland / Winkler 's travel itinerary in the Malay Peninsula , Java and Borneo .
1875 births
1941 deaths
People from Prenzlau
People from the Province of Brandenburg
20th-century German botanists
University of Breslau alumni
University of Breslau faculty
Kiletangen Ice Tongue ( ) is a narrow projection of the ice shelf on the east side of Tangekilen Bay , along the coast of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica . It was first mapped by Norwegian cartographers from aerial photographs taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition , 1936–37 , and named Kiletangen ( the bay tongue ) .
References
Ice tongues of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Queen Maud Land
Princess Ragnhild Coast
Get Up Offa That Thing is the 43rd studio album by American musician James Brown . The album was released in July 1976 , by Polydor Records .
Track listing
All tracks composed by Deanna Brown , Deirdre Brown and Yamma Brown ; except where indicated .
Personnel
James Brown - lead vocals , arrangements
Patricia Dryden - cover illustration
References
1976 albums
James Brown albums
Albums produced by James Brown
Polydor Records albums
Nakazato may refer to :
Places
Nakazato Dam , dam in Mie Prefecture , Japan
Nakazato Station , Japanese railway station in Kami-Motoyama-cho , Sasebo City , Nagasaki Prefectureon the Nishi-Kyūshū Line .
Echigo-Nakazato Station , Japanese railway station on the Jōetsu Line in Yuzawa , Minamiuonuma District , Niigata Prefecture
Kami-Nakazato Station , Japanese railway station , JR East railway station located in Kita , Tokyo
Ugo-Nakazato Station , Japanese railway station located in Semboku , Akita Prefecture
People with the surname
Harumi Nakazato ( born 1962 ) , Japanese sprint canoer
Katsuhito Nakazato ( born 1956 ) , Japanese photographer
Koichi Nakazato ( born 1973 ) , Japanese football player
Koji Nakazato ( born 1982 ) , Japanese football player
Shūgorō Nakazato ( 1919–2016 ) , Japanese martial artist
Takahiro Nakazato ( born 1990 ) , Japanese football player
Tsuneko Nakazato , real name Nakazato Tsune ( 1909–1987 ) , pen-name of a novelist in Showa period in Japan
See also
Nakasato ( disambiguation )
Japanese-language surnames
Dorcadion thessalicum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Pic in 1916 . It is known from Bulgaria and Greece .
Subspecies
Dorcadion thessalicum gioachinoi Pesarini & Sabbadini , 2007
Dorcadion thessalicum pelionense Breit , 1923
Dorcadion thessalicum thessalicum Pic , 1916
References
thessalicum
Beetles described in 1916
Superb may refer to :
Škoda Superb car
, nine Royal Navy ships
The Superb , a railroad car used by US President Warren G. Harding
SuperB , a proposed particle physics facility in Italy
[ [ Grevillea 'Superb'|Grevillea 'Superb ] ] , a widely grown grevillea '' ( shrub ) cultivar
Superb , subsidiary of Hybe Corporation
See also
Superbe ( disambiguation )
Artists for Charity - Guitarists 4 the Kids is a compilation album which was produced and arranged by Slang Productions in 2006 . Over 18 international artists contributed to the recording project to assist World Vision Canada and their philanthropic efforts .
At over 79 minutes in length , the Artists for Charity album featured a plethora of musical styles including hard rock , punk rock , progressive fusion , nouveau flamenco , blues , folk and experimental .
Track listing
References
2006 compilation albums
Romerof Head ( ) is a prominent headland with steep rock cliffs , forming the west side of the entrance to Schlieper Bay , on the south coast and near the west end of South Georgia . The name , which probably was given by early whalers , dates back to at least 1912 .
Headlands of South Georgia
Begin to Breathe is Eru 's debut album , released in the fall of 2005 in South Korea . Their first single off the album was a ballad titled `` 다시 태어나도 '' ( `` If I Was Reborn '' ) . It also included the follow-up single `` 미안해 '' ( `` Sorry '' ) .
Production
The songs are accompanied with the string melodies that 100 people participated in . The song 'Sorry ' contains melodies of acoustic guitar strings , song `` Finding Lost Memories '' is about the loss of love , and song `` If I Could Go Back '' was self-written and composed by Eru . Song `` If I Was Reborn '' tells a story of a man who recently experienced a breakup missing their ex , and was composed by jeon seung woo of boygroup XO .
Music video
The music video for `` If I Was Reborn '' was directed by Jang jae-hyuk . Lee hyori and Kim Hyun-joong was expected to appear on the music video but it was cancelled due to the change of scripts . This led to the two individuals mentioned in the thanks to section of the physical album .
Reception
As of 2005 , october 5th , the album went no 1 in album sales on the hot tracks weekly best chart , passing the sales of Wheesung .
Track listing
다시 태어나도 ( `` If I Was Reborn '' )
미안해 ( `` Sorry '' )
숨은 추억 찾기 ( `` Finding Lost Memories '' )
어떡해 ( `` What Do I Do ? '' )
말해요 ( `` Speak '' )
내가 닮은 사람 ( `` The Similar Person '' )
돌아갈 수 만 있다면 ( `` If I Could Go Back '' )
Life
모르잖아요 ( `` You Do n't Know '' )
영원 그 다음까지 ... ( `` Until Forever After '' )
내내 ( `` My My '' )
References
External links
Eru 's Official Site
2005 albums
Eru ( singer ) albums
Jakub Grigar ( born 27 April 1997 ) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2012 .
Grigar competed at two Olympic Games . They finished 5th in the K1 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro and won the silver medal in the K1 event at the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo .
They also won two silver medals in the K1 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships , earning them in 2015 and 2021 .
World Cup individual podiums
References
External links
Jakub Grigar at the Slovenský Olympijský Výbor
Slovak male canoeists
Living people
1997 births
Canoeists at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic canoeists of Slovakia
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in canoeing
Olympic silver medalists for Slovakia
Sportspeople from Liptovský Mikuláš
Felix Drewry Williamson ( July 26 , 1921 – January 24 , 1947 ) was a highly decorated United States Army Air Forces major . They were a flying ace credited with 13 aerial victories , including five in a single day , for which they were awarded the Distinguished Service Cross during World War II .
Early life and career
Felix D. Williamson was born on July 26 , 1921 in Crisp County , Georgia . Williamson enlisted into the United States Army in September 1941 . They subsequently went to Fort Jackson , South Carolina , where they were transferred to the United States Army Air Forces .
World War II flying ace
Williamson was soon assigned to the 62nd Fighter Squadron , 56th Fighter Group , Eight Air Force . Williamson 's squadron was assigned to Royal Air Force Station Halesworth in Suffolk , England . The 62nd Fighter Squadron flew P-47 Thunderbolts in Europe , and Williamson named their aircraft `` Georgia Peach . '' On November 29 , 1943 , First Lieutenant Williamson downed their first German plane , sharing a victory with a fellow fighter pilot .
On April 19 , 1944 , Captain Williamson 's squadron moved to Royal Air Force Station Boxted in Essex , England . On December 23 , 1944 , Williamson downed two German planes , becoming an ace and bringing their total number of victories to six .
Captain Williamson claimed their next series of victories on January 14 , 1945 . On that date , they shot down five enemy planes during a single mission . For their actions , Williamson was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross .
On February 3 , 1945 , Williamson downed two more German planes , claiming their final victories and finished the war with 13 total kills . In addition to their Distinguished Service Cross , Williamson was awarded four Distinguished Flying Crosses , three Air Medals and the Purple Heart .
Post-war and death
After the war , Williamson was promoted to major and was assigned to the 1st Fighter Group at March Field in Riverside County , California . At March Field , Williamson flew the United States ' first operational fighter jet , the P-80 Shooting Star .
On January 24 , 1947 , Major Felix D. Williamson was killed in a mid-air collision with another P-80 pilot near March Field . They were buried at Penia Baptist Church Cemetery in Cordele , Georgia .
References
1921 births
1947 deaths
American World War II flying aces
Aviators from Georgia ( U.S. state )
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in the United States
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross ( United States )
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross ( United States )
Recipients of the Air Medal
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
Cendrine Robelin ( born 1983 ) is a French artist , composer and filmmaker . They are particularly interested in the passage from chaos to the cosmos , to the connections between the macrocosm and the microcosm , around the notions of ecosystem and listening .
Them first long feature film is called `` The Window of Dreams '' ( `` La lucarne des rêves '' ) . It 's an artistic documentary about electroacoustic music and experimental frames featuring some pioneers like Bernard Parmegiani and Michel Chion . This film get a wide diffusion in festivals like FID Marseille ( 2017 ) , International Film Festival Rotterdam ( 2019 ) for instance .
Them radiophonic work , between electroacoustic music , hörspiel and creative documentary has received several international prizes ( among which : Jury Mention in Luigi Russolo contest in 2012 , First Prize on Choc.Ca Contest in 2015 ) . In France , their programs are broadcast on radios , in exhibitions and in electroacoustic festivals .
In 2019 , they get the Visual Art Prize of Nantes ( France ) for their whole work
References
21st-century French women musicians
Living people
1983 births
Electroacoustic music composers
Zhylyoi District ( , ) is a district located in the south-eastern region of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the town of Kulsary . Population :
History
The district was formed in 1928 under the name Zhilokosinsky district . In 1963 it was renamed into Embinsky district . The current name is from October 7 , 1993 .
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Atyrau Region
Lar or LAR may refer to :
Places
India
Lar , Uttar Pradesh , a town in Deoria District
Lar ( Jammu and Kashmir ) , a town
Lata ( region ) , also known as Lar , former region of southern Gujarat
Iran
Lar , Iran , a city in Fars Province
Lar , East Azerbaijan , a village
Lar , or Sar , East Azerbaijan , a village
Lar , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad , a village
Lar , Markazi , a village
Lar , Zanjan , a village
Lar Rural District , a subdivision of Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province
Transport
LAR Romanian Airlines ( )
Laramie Regional Airport , Wyoming , US , IATA code
Latimer Road tube station , London , London Underground station code
Other uses
Lares , ancient Roman gods
Lar gibbon ( Hylobates lar )
Light Armored Reconnaissance battalions of the US Marine corps
Long-acting-release , a type of modified-release dosage form for medications
Los Angeles Rams , a U.S. football team
Los Angeles Review
Lower anterior resection
The 2010 Tunbridge Wells Borough Council election took place on 6 May 2010 to elect members of Tunbridge Wells Borough Council in Kent , England . One third of the council was up for election and the Conservative Party stayed in overall control of the council .
After the election , the composition of the council was :
Conservative 42
Liberal Democrat 6
Election result
The results saw the Conservative stay in control of the council despite losing 2 seats . The Liberal Democrats gained seats in Benenden and Cranbrook wards to hold 6 seats , compared to 42 for the Conservatives . Overall turnout in the election was 68.59 % .
Ward results
References
2010 English local elections
May 2010 events in the United Kingdom
2010
2010s in Kent
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Kyōtango , Kyoto Prefecture , Japan , operated by the private railway company Willer Trains ( Kyoto Tango Railway ) .
Lines
Mineyama Station is a station of the Miyazu Line , and is located 48.3 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Nishi-Maizuru Station .
Station layout
The station has one ground-level island platform and one ground-level side platform connected by an elevated station building . The station is attended . The station building features the motif of a loom and houses a ticket window , a kiosk and a waiting room .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on November 3 , 1925 .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018 , the station was used by an average of 266 passengers daily .
Surrounding area
former Mineyama Town Hall
Kyoto Prefectural Mineyama High School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Official home page
Railway stations in Kyoto Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1925
Kyōtango
The 1926 Queensland state election was held on 8 May 1926 .
Since the previous election , the United and Country parties had merged to form the Country and Progressive National Party . Seats held by either predecessor are listed as held by the CPNP .
By-elections
On 13 October 1923 , Randolph Bedford ( Labor ) was elected to succeed Harry Coyne ( Labor ) , who had resigned on 31 July 1923 , as the member for Warrego .
On 16 August 1924 , Ted Hanson ( Labor ) was elected to succeed John Huxham ( Labor ) , who had resigned on 31 July 1924 , as the member for Buranda .
On 4 April 1925 , Evan Llewelyn ( Labor ) was elected to succeed Frank Brennan ( Labor ) , who had resigned on 26 February 1925 , as the member for Toowoomba .
On 16 January 1926 , John O'Keefe ( Labor ) was elected to succeed Ted Theodore ( Labor ) , who had resigned on 22 September 1925 , as the member for Chillagoe .
On 16 January 1926 , Cornelius Ryan ( Labor ) was elected to succeed William Gillies ( Labor ) , who had resigned on 24 October 1925 , as the member for Eacham .
Retiring Members
Labor
John Gilday MLA ( Ithaca )
CPNP
Andrew Petrie MLA ( Toombul )
Candidates
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text .
See also
1926 Queensland state election
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly , 1923–1926
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly , 1926–1929
List of political parties in Australia
References
Candidates for Queensland state elections
Louis Edouard Bouët-Willaumez ( 24 April 1808 – 9 September 1871 ) was a French admiral .
Biography
They were born Louis Edouard Bouët , the son of a business person ( and mayor of Lambezeller ) in Maison-Lafitte , near Paris . Having joined the French Navy , in 1824 they embarked on a five-year voyage , first in the Mediterranean ( where they saw action at the Battle of Navarino in 1827 ) and then in the Indian Ocean .
In 1829 they were promoted to ship 's ensign , and served in the Morea expedition . In 1830 they were part of the blockade and capture of Algiers , followed by the blockade of Antwerp . Made Lieutenant in 1834 , they were attached to the naval post at La Plata , from where they were sent to Senegal . In 1836 took command of the steamship L'Africain , with which they traveled 200 miles inland , up to the Félou Falls ( les Chutes de Félou ) in upper Senegal . They were the only Westerner to return alive , the others having succumbed to disease .
In 1838 Bouët took command of the brig La Malouine , which charted a trade route along the African coast . Along the way they punished a native tribe that had plundered three trading ships , and signed a commercial treaty with the king of Gabon in 1839 . In July 1840 they carried out a reconnaissance of the bay of Mogador and established a plan of attack .
Promoted to Lieutenant commander in 1840 , on Le Misus , they took command of the Foreign Division of Africa from 1841 to 1842 , when they were named provisional governor of Senegal . In 1843 , Bouët began a period of expansion when they captured the port of Saint-Louis and allowed privately owned trading companies ( mainly from Bordeaux ) to handle the administration of the town ; they also sent a new mission to Bambuk , and signed a commercial treaty with the ruler of Bundu . On 15 August 1844 they were attached to the expedition commanded by the Prince de Joinville , which took Mogador using the information that had been collected by Bouët . Their reward was to take the trophies back to France , together with a promotion to captain .
In 1845 they were adopted by their uncle , Vice-Admiral Willaumez , whose name they took , and married the daughter of Admiral Lemorant — two events that opened a number of doors for him . In that same year , Bouët-Willaumez took command of the steamship Le Caraïbe at Lorient as Flag captain to Admiral Montagniac de Rocque , and served as Commander of the Naval Division of the Western Coasts of Africa . They served as chief of staff of a squadron of twenty-six cruisers .
In 1848 they became commander of the Naval Division of the African Coast , on the frigate Pénélope . During this period they restored French sovereignty over Guinea , and was named Commander of the Légion d'honneur for courage shown during a bayonet-charge on land against rebellious tribes . They also took part in a diplomatic mission to negotiate the end of trade with England .
In 1853 , promoted to rear admiral , they were named chief of staff of the Mediterranean squadron , under Admiral Hamelin . During the Crimean War they took part in the bombardment of Odessa and attacks on Sebastopol . They were made a commander of the Order of the Bath by the British government for their services during the war .
In 1859 , during the Second Italian War of Independence , Bouët-Willaumez commanded the French squadron in the Adriatic . After these operations , they were appointed to the committee responsible for coast defences , and oversaw works at the ports of Nice and Villefranche-sur-Mer which became part of France at the end of the war .
Promoted to vice admiral in 1860 , they served as Maritime Prefect of Cherbourg , and in 1861 as Prefect at Toulon . They commanded the French Mediterranean Fleet in 1864 , and was appointed to the Senate of France in 1865 .
During the Franco-Prussian War of 1870 , they were named to command a squadron intended to attack the north German coasts , but French defeats on land put an end to these plans .
They died in 1871 .
Writings
Commerce et traite des noirs aux côtes occidentales d'Afrique . Paris 1848 )
Campagnes aux côtes occidentales d'Afrique . Paris ( 1850 )
La flotte francaise et les colonies en 1852 . Paris ( 1855 )
Batailles de terre et de mer . Paris ( 1855 )
Tactique supplémentaire à l'usage d'une flotte cuirassée . Paris ( 1864 )
References
Sources and external links
Amiral Bouet-Willaumez ( in French )
1808 births
1871 deaths
French Navy admirals
French military personnel of the Crimean War
French people of the Greek War of Independence
French colonial governors and administrators
People of French West Africa
Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
The Solapur Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Solapur in the Indian state of Maharashtra . The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members , is headed by a mayor and administers the city 's infrastructure , public services and police . Members from the state 's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation . Solapur municipal council is one of the oldest in India , founded in the 1860s and was given municipal corporation status in 1963 .
Solapur municipal corporation is located in Solapur City .
List of Mayor
List of Deputy Mayor
Revenue sources
The following are the Income sources for the Corporation from the Central and State Government .
Revenue from taxes
Following is the Tax related revenue for the corporation .
Property tax .
Profession tax .
Entertainment tax .
Grants from Central and State Government like Goods and Services Tax .
Advertisement tax .
Revenue from non-tax sources
Following is the Non Tax related revenue for the corporation .
Water usage charges .
Fees from Documentation services .
Rent received from municipal property .
Funds from municipal bonds .
Corporation Election 2017
Political Performance in Election 2017
References
Solapur
Municipal corporations in Maharashtra
1963 establishments in Maharashtra
Robert Robinson `` Bob '' Casey ( January 26 , 1859 – November 28 , 1936 ) was a Canadian professional baseball player who played third base in 1882 for the Detroit Wolverines of the National League .
External links
1859 births
19th-century baseball players
1939 deaths
Baseball people from Ontario
Canadian expatriate baseball players in the United States
Detroit Wolverines players
East Saginaw Grays players
Major League Baseball players from Canada
Major League Baseball third basemen
Minneapolis Millers ( baseball ) players
Syracuse Stars ( minor league baseball ) players
Burials at Oakwood Cemetery ( Syracuse , New York )
The Laine Hills ( ) are a cluster of four mainly snow-covered hills that rise above the Dyer Plateau about northwest of the Welch Mountains , in Palmer Land , Antarctica . They were mapped by the United States Geological Survey in 1974 , and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Daren Laine , a United States Antarctic Research Program biologist at Palmer Station in 1975 .
References
External links
Hills of Palmer Land
This is a list of Brazilian television related events from 1971 .
Events
Debuts
Television shows
Births
21 August - Carmo Dalla Vecchia , actor & model
14 November - Marcio Ballas , TV host
Deaths
See also
1971 in Brazil
Celestino Santana Francisco Alvares ( 1 August 1920 – 28 February 1999 ) known by their stage name C. Alvares was an Indian actor , playwright , singer , producer and director from Saligao , Goa .
Career
Alvares specialised in composing and singing poignant duets on various social issues and for this reason , they were called the `` King of Duets '' . They acted in two of the most memorable Konkani films , including Amchem Noxib , Nirmon , Mhoji Ghorkarn , Bhuierantlo Munis and Uddta to Buddta . They received the award for best actor for Nirmon , while the film itself won a National Award .
Alvares is credited with renewing the trend of female participation on the Konkani stage . They encouraged the maximum number of girls who succeeded in earning a reputation for themselves as actores . Actresses whom they introduced on the Konkani stage were Shalini Mardolkar , Filomena Braz , CarmensRose , Cecilia ( Albuquerque ) Machado , Antonette Mendes , Miss Mohana Cabral , Ophelia Cabral , Jessie Dias and Betty Fernandes .
Alvares has written 107 tiatrs besides acting in thousands of tiatrs during the span of 60 years that they served the tiatr stage . Because of their lifelong work , they have been called the greatest contributor to the konkani stage . They also produced the Konkani film Faxi Mogachi .
References
External links
Singers from Goa
Konkani-language singers
1999 deaths
1920 births
Tiatrists
20th-century Indian male singers
Male actors from Goa
Writers from Goa
Film directors from Goa
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Indian male actors
20th-century Indian film directors
Indian male film actors
Abdulaziz bin Ahmed Al Saud ( ) ( born 1963 ) is a Saudi royal and business person .
Early life and education
Prince Abdulaziz was born in Redlands , California , on 20 June 1963 . Their parents are Prince Ahmed bin Abdulaziz and Fahda bint Turki Al Sudairi . Prince Abdulaziz was born while their father was attending the University of Redlands .
Abdulaziz bin Ahmed graduated from King Saud University in 1986 with a double major in political science and administration science .
Humanitarian contributions
Prince Abdulaziz is a leading humanitarian activist on the national , regional and international levels , with close links to the World Health Organization . They are founder and chairperson of IMPACT–Eastern Mediterranean Region ( a regional non-governmental organization NGO that is active in the field of prevention of blindness ) , and Middle East African Council of Ophthalmology ( MEACO ) . They are also chairperson of Eastern Mediterranean Region of the International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness ( EMR-IAPB ) , President of Saudi Ophthalmological Society ( SOS ) , They are a member in the IAPB board of trustees . They were board member of Disabled Children Association of Saudi Arabia . They are also global ambassador of the International Trachoma Initiative and a member of the International Council of Ophthalmology Foundation ( ICOF ) .
Awards
Abdulaziz bin Ahmed received the Global Lifetime Achievement Award from the International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness ( IAPB ) during its 7th General Assembly in Dubai in September 2004 , the Shield of the joint 4th International Conference for the Arab Ophthalmology Association and the 1st Bahrain Ophthalmology Conference in recognition of their regional and global efforts endorsing the ‘ VISION 2020 : The Right to Sight ' global initiative . These efforts resulted in VISION 2020 adoption in all 22 countries of EMR region by September 2004 . They also received the Sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum Award by the Emirates Ophthalmic Society in recognition of their dedicated work in the field of Prevention of Blindness in April 2005 and the Order of the Two Niles Medal by President of Sudan General Omar Al Bashir in November 2005 .
In 2007 , Prince Abdulaziz was awarded an Honorary Fellowship of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland ( RCSI ) .
Investments
Abdulaziz bin Ahmed is a business person . They are the chairperson of Atheeb Group , a diversified investment conglomerate with stakes in telecommunications , contracting , defense , ports , shipping and other industries . They are also the CEO of Atheeb Trading Company . In addition , they are actively involved as a major partner in numerous leading Saudi private and joint venture business and industries .
Personal life
Abdulaziz bin Ahmed is married and has two children : Turki and Maha bint Abdulaziz . They are known to be fond of falcon hunting and horses , and they own Athba stables which include a large number of fine horses .
References
Abdulaziz
Abdulaziz
1963 births
Abdulaziz
Abdulaziz
Living people
The Auwal Mosque , alternatively spelled Awwal , Owal or Owwal , is a mosque in the Bo-Kaap neighbourhood of Cape Town , South Africa , recognised as the first mosque established in the country . It was constructed in 1794 during the first British occupation of the Cape on land belonging to Coridon van Ceylon , a Vryezwarten ( freed Black Muslim slave ) . Coridon 's daughter , Saartjie van de Kaap , inherited the property that was being used as a warehouse , and donated it for the use as South Africa 's first mosque . The mosque was constructed in 1794 with renovations done in 1907 and extensive renovations done in 1936 . It is the first mosque to observe public prayers and is where Cape Muslim traditions and the Arabic-Afrikaans language were first taught . It remains a symbol for Muslims of the recognition of Islam and the freedom of slaves to worship .
Qadi Abdussalam , affectionately known as Tuan Guru , was appointed the first imam . Tuan Guru was a religious leader and political prisoner . While in prison , they wrote the entire Quran from memory . This Quran is on display at the Auwal Mosque . Tuan Guru also used the mosque as a madrassah , or `` religious '' school , where they instructed both children and adults in matters of Islam . After Guru 's death , Saartjie van de Kaap 's husband , Achmad of Bengal , assumed the position of imam . This position was to be held by members of their family until the last imam from this family , Gasan Achmat , died in 1980 . The position has since been filled by many imams , including the likes of Sheikh Salih Abadi . Currently , Moulana Mugammad Carr and Sheikh Ismail Londt are joint imams .
Due to a dispute as to who was to be the next imam of the congregation , a portion of the Auwal congregation split off in 1807 and formed Cape Town 's second mosque , the Palm Tree Mosque on Long Street .
See also
List of first mosques by country
Islam in South Africa
References
Mosques in Cape Town
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1794
1798 establishments in the Cape Colony
18th-century mosques
1794 establishments in the Dutch Empire
Yevhen Anatoliyovych Lysytsyn ( ; ; born 16 July 1981 ) is a former Ukrainian professional footballer .
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Premier League in 2001 for FC Spartak Moscow .
Honours
Russian Premier League champion : 2001 .
References
1981 births
Footballers from Luhansk
Living people
Association football midfielders
Ukrainian footballers
FC Hirnyk Rovenky players
FC Shakhtar Luhansk players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
FC Akhmat Grozny players
FC Stal Kamianske players
FC Stal Alchevsk players
FC Hoverla Uzhhorod players
MFC Mykolaiv players
FC Helios Kharkiv players
Ukrainian First League players
Russian Premier League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Chia Boon Leong ( , born 1 January 1925 ) is a Singaporean–Chinese former footballer who competed for China in the 1948 Summer Olympics and for Singapore in 1954 Asian Games .
References
External links
1925 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Singaporean footballers
China international footballers
Singapore international footballers
Dual internationalists ( football )
Olympic footballers of China
Footballers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Association football forwards
Singaporean sportspeople of Chinese descent
The Vickers Main Battle Tank Mk . 3 is a main battle tank by Vickers , a development of the Vickers MBT , and introduced in 1975 for the export market . It was the last of the Vickers tanks to see sales in numbers abroad .
History
In 1974 , Vickers pressed on with development of a Mark 3 version of their Vickers MBT . This stems from Design No . 51400 T and differs from the Mark 1 mainly in having a turret with a well-shaped cast front welded to a fabricated armour plate body . It also has a cast gun mantlet which is better shaped from the point of view of its resistance to armour-piercing projectiles than the flat mantlet of the Mark . 1 . The Mark 3 embodies various other improvements , such as an increase in the depression of its main gun from -7 to -10 degrees below the horizontal and an increase in the ammunition from 44 to 50 rounds . The first production order for Mk . 3 tanks was placed in 1977 by the Government of Kenya .
In 1977 , Vickers acquired a £100 million trade deal to produce 76 Mk . 3 MBTs and 7 Mk . 3 ARV/ARRVs for the Kenyan Army . They were built at the Vickers Scotswood factory in Newcastle between 1977 and 1981 .
In 1981 , after five years of negotiations , Vickers signed a £115 million contract to provide 108 Mk . 3N `` Eagle '' tanks , 15 Mk . 3 AVLBs and 18 Mk . 3 ARV/ARRVs to the Nigerian Army . Tanzania took delivery of two Mk . 3 ARVs which are used to recover Chinese supplied MBTs .
In 1990 , Nigeria ordered 64 more Mk . 3s for an amount of £282 million .
In 2015 , several Mk.3N Eagles of the Nigerian Army were involved in the combat in Yola as part of the Boko Haram insurgency . Some of them were captured by Boko Haram insurgents and later re-captured by the Nigerian Army in Maiduguri .
Technical characteristics
The Mk . 3 retains most of the proposed features of the Mk . 2 . Others were the provision for infrared/white-light searchlights and the abandonment of flotation gear . A laser rangefinder of the type being fitted to the Chieftain was also proposed since the range of the L7 105 mm gun was well beyond that of the 12.7 mm ranging machine gun fitted . Some thought was also given the idea of mounting the heavier British L11 120 mm gun on the Vickers tank , but this was abandoned because the 105 mm L7-series rifled gun was becoming the NATO standard , 120 mm ammunition was more expensive than 105 mm and was used only by the British Army in Europe , and the weight advantage of the Vicker 's tank would be reduced .
Sighting/Fire control
The gunner is provided with a Barr & Stroud Tank Laser Sight ( TLS ) which was also featured on the FV4201 Chieftain main battle tank . The TLS has a magnification of ×1 and ×10 , which is also provided with a ballistic graticule . The gunner 's sight is linked to gun by a temperature-compensated link bar and to a collimator in the commander 's cupola . The collimator projects an illuminated ballistic graticule image into the field of view of the commander 's sight when the cupola and the turret are lined up . The commander can consequently lay and fire the main armament should the need arise . The commander is provided with a contra-rotating gear system that automatically lines up the turret ( and therefore turret armaments ) with the day/night sight . The cupola has one day/night sight periscope with a magnification of ×1 and ×10 , and six periscopes for all-round observation .
The Marconi Radar and Control Systems EC620 system provides full weapon stabilisation . The Marconi Radar Control System SFC 600 computerized system is used as fire control system .
Mobility
The Mk . 3 is powered by a General Motors Detroit Diesel 12V-71T two-stroke diesel engine developing 720 bhp .
A Rolls-Royce CV12 TCA developing 800 bhp was offered as an option .
The suspension consists of torsion bars with smaller secondary torsion bars at wheel stations 1,2 and 6 .
Protection
Maximum protection is over the frontal arc of 60° on the welded hull and 45° on the cast turret . Elsewhere , protection is provided against near-burst medium artillery . Protection against mines is by means of additional floor patch plates .
Additional specifications
Length gun rear : 8.53 m
Ground pressure : 0.89 kg/cm2
Maximum gradient 58 %
Maximum tilt : 30 %
Trench : 3 m
Vertical obstacle : 0.83 m
Fording depth : 1.1 m
Variants
Mk . 3 : original version used delivered to the Kenyan Army between 1977 and 1981 , it features a Pilkington PE Condor combined day/night sight . The gunner has a Barr & Stroud TLS ( Tank Laser Sight ) with a magnification of ×1 and ×10 , which is also provided with a ballistic graticule .
Mk . 3N `` Eagle '' : Mark 3 used by the Nigerian Army , known locally as Eagle , it is fitted with a solid thermal shroud around its gun barrel and uses a Nanoquest L23 gunner sight featuring a Simrad LV352 laser rangefinder .
Mk . 3 ( I ) : In 1985 , design work began on an improved Mk . 3 tank known as the Mark 3 ( I ) ( I stands for Improved ) which was unveiled at the 1986 British Army Equipment Exhibition ( BAEE ) . Two Mk . 3 ( I ) were built and underwent trials in the desert in 1987 . The improvements over the previous Mk . 3 specification comprise the following :
850 bhp Rolls-Royce/Perkins CV12 TCE diesel coupled to the new T1200 transmission ( 6 fwd/2 rev )
top speed
Some design changes to the hull , most noticeably a cast glacis plate which improves its ballistic shape
Two additional periscopes for the driver
The fitting of a Muzzle Reference System ( MRS )
New sprocket and wider tracks
Strengthened torsion bars suspension
Ground clearance raised by 25 mm
Weight : 41,000 kg
Mk . 3 ( M ) : In 1996 , a decision was taken to rebuild an existing Mk . 3 to the Mk 3 ( M ) standard ( M stands for Modernized or Malaysia ) . This was completed late in 1996 and subsequently underwent extensive firepower and mobility trials in the UK which were completed early in 1997 .
Royal Ordnance ROMOR-A explosive reactive armour or Vickers Defence Systems VARMA Series 2 explosive reactive armor on the forward portions of the hull and turret .
All-electric , solid state gun control system provided by SIG of Switzerland .
Avimo NVL 3200 or Pilkington Optronics Falcon day/thermal sights , with a remote display for the commander .
Officine Galileo modular day/night panoramic periscopic
Global Positioning System ( GPS ) receiver
Avimo LIRD-2 laser warning system coupled to a bank of eight 76 mm grenade launchers
Bustle-mounted air conditioning system
Mark 3 AVLB : The Vickers AVLB has been designed to transport , launch and recover scissors bridge with a length of 13.41 m and to provide a clear span of military bridges of class MLC 60/70 . The bridge is carried in the horizontal position and launched hydraulically through 180° over the front of the vehicle .
Mark 3 ARV/ARRV : The ARV was proposed with or without a crane ( 4,000 kg lifting capacity ) for changing complete powerpacks in the field and is provided with a main capstan winch with a nominal direct line pull of 25 t working in conjunction with the anchor spade mounted at the front of the hull . The pull can be increased to 65 t by multi-reeving of the rope using the recovery equipment including pulleys , cables and tow bars . Loaded weight , without a spare powerpack is 36.8 t and armament comprises a 7.62 mm cupola-mounted machine-gun and smoke dischargers .
Operators
- 76 MBT Mk 3 and 7 ARV delivered in 1979–1982
- 136 MBT Mk 3 , 12 ARV and 26 AVLB delivered in 1983–1995
- 4 ARV delivered in 1989
Boko Haram - Few Nigerian Mk 3 were captured , later they were knocked out or recaptured by Nigerian Army .
Failed bids
- Vickers Mk 3 ( M ) was developed for export to Malaysia in the 1990s , but never saw serial production . Malaysia later opted for PT-91M Pendekar .
See also
Vickers MBT Mk . 1 ( predecessor )
Vickers MBT Mk . 4 ( successor )
AMX-32 ( French export counterpart )
Further reading
C.F . Foss , Vickers Tanks From Landships to Challenger 2 , Keepdate Publishing Ltd , 1995 .
R. M. Ogorkiewicz , AFV Weapons Profile No . 45 : Vickers Battle Tank , Profile Publications Ltd , 1973 . An introductory text .
References
Main battle tanks of the United Kingdom
Cold War tanks of the United Kingdom
Main battle tanks of the Cold War
Vickers
Jennie is an unincorporated community in Collinwood Township , Meeker County , Minnesota , United States , near Dassel . The community is located along 180th Street near 705th Avenue .
References
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Meeker County , Minnesota
Millstone is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County , West Virginia , United States . It lies along U.S. Route 33 at the point where West Virginia Route 16 heads northward , to the south of the town of Grantsville , the county seat of Calhoun County . Its elevation is 810 feet ( 247 m ) . It has a post office with the ZIP code 25261 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Calhoun County , West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
The 1975 Wightman Cup was the 47th edition of the annual women 's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain . It was held at the Public Auditorium in Cleveland , Ohio in the United States .
References
1975
1975 in tennis
1975 in women 's tennis
1975 in American tennis
1975 in British sport
The Spanish Mustang is an American horse breed descended from horses brought from Spain during the early conquest of the Americas . They are classified within the larger grouping of the Colonial Spanish horse , a type that today is rare in Spain . By the early 20th century , most of the once-vast herds of mustangs that had descended from the Spanish horses had been greatly reduced in size . Seeing that these horses were on the brink of extinction , some horseman began making efforts to find and preserve the remaining `` Spanish Mustangs '' drawing stock from feral and Native American herds , as well as ranch stock . The breed was one of the first to be part of a concerted preservation effort for horses of Spanish phenotype , and a breed registry was founded in 1957 .
The Spanish Mustang as a modern domesticated breed differs from the feral free-roaming mustang . The latter animals are descended from both Spanish horses and other domesticated horses escaped or released from various sources ; many run wild in Herd Management Areas ( HMAs ) of the western United States , currently managed by the Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) . Some feral herds also exist in Canada . DNA studies indicate that Spanish breeding and type does still exist in some feral Mustang herds , including those on the Cerbat HMA ( near Kingman , Arizona ) , Pryor Mountain HMA ( Montana ) , Sulphur HMA ( Utah ) , and Kiger HMA ( Oregon ) .
History
The Colonial Spanish Horse developed from animals first brought from the Iberian peninsula to the Americas during the conquest and establishment of the Spanish colony of New Spain in what today is Mexico . As the conquest of Mexico progressed during the 16th century , horse herds spread north and crossed the Rio Grande . Over the next one hundred years , horses in the Americas were stolen and traded by the Apache , Comanche , and later the Utes and Shoshone to various tribes across the Great Plains and Rocky Mountains .
On the brink of extinction in the early part of this century , the Spanish Mustang is one of the first breeds developed from a planned conservation program to save the descendants of these Spanish horses . This effort is mostly attributed to Robert E. Brislawn of Oshoto , Wyoming , and their brother Ferdinand L. Brislawn of Gusher , Utah . Credit for the preservation effort also goes to Gilbert Jones and Ilo Belsky . They gathered horses from feral Mustang herds , Native American herds and ranch stock from throughout the west , chosen because they had a phenotype that indicates Spanish ancestry . Two full brothers , Buckshot and Ute , were among the first foundation stallions , sired by a buckskin stallion named Monty and out of Ute Reservation blood on the dam 's side . Monty , captured in 1927 in Utah , escaped back to the wild in 1944 , taking their mares with him . They were never recaptured . Ultimately , the Brislawns and Lawrence P. Richards formed a registry , the Spanish Mustang Registry , incorporated in 1957 . Due to assorted differences of opinion on what horses to accept into the registry , Jones formed the Southwest Spanish Mustang Association in 1977 , and other offshoot registries formed later . A 2006 study found that the Spanish Mustang , as well as horses from the Sulphur Springs and Kiger HMAs have DNA haplotypes that indicate origin from horses of the Iberian peninsula .
Characteristics
Spanish Mustang stands from in height , with horses over 15 hands not favored . They weigh between . They are smooth muscled with short backs , rounded rumps and low-set tails . The coupling is strong and horses are to be well balanced and smoothly built with an `` uphill '' build . The girth is deep , with a well laid back shoulder and fairly pronounced withers . They possess a straight or concave facial profile and wide foreheads . Necks are fairly well crested in mares and geldings and heavily crested in mature stallions . Chests are moderately narrow but well-defined . Chestnuts are small or missing altogether , particularly on the rear legs . Ergots are small or absent . Feet are round and hard and legs are to be of correct conformation , though hind legs may be set under a bit . Cannons are short and bone is rounded . Some individuals are gaited , with a range of different footfalls accepted . Paddling or winging out are not a fault unless there is interference or it is caused by a lack of straightness in the leg .
Spanish Mustangs exist in many colors , due to the wide range of colors in their Spanish ancestors . They are commonly found in bay , chestnut , black and gray . Other colors seen less commonly include the Appaloosa and paint patterns and solid colors such as grulla , buckskin , palomino , cremello , isabella , roan and perlino .
Spanish Mustangs are known for their stamina and hardiness . The breed is known for its long-distance ability , and is ridden by some endurance riders . The Spanish Mustang is also used to compete in a variety of English and Western riding events .
See also
Sorraia
References
Sponenberg , Dan Phillip . Equine Color Genetics , 2nd edition , Ames , Iowa : Iowa State Press , 2003 .
External links
Spanish Mustang Registry
Southwest Spanish Mustang Association
Spanish Barb Horse Association
`` Painter Barbs ''
American Indian Horse Registry
Horse breeds
Horse breeds originating in the United States
Brooks County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia , on its southern border with Florida . As of the 2010 census , the population was 16,243 . The county seat is Quitman . The county was created in 1858 from portions of Lowndes and Thomas counties by an act of the Georgia General Assembly and was named for pro-slavery U.S. Representative Preston Brooks after they severely beat abolitionist Senator Charles Sumner with a cane for delivering a speech attacking slavery .
Brooks County is included in the Valdosta , GA Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Native Americans and the Spanish
Historic Native peoples occupying the area at the time of European encounter were the Apalachee and the Lower Creek . The first Europeans in what is now Brooks County were Spanish missionaries from their colony in Florida , who arrived around 1570 .
Early history
The area that was to become Brooks County was first opened up to European-American settlement in 1818 when Irwin County was established . Coffee Road was built through the region in the 1820s . Lowndes County 's first court session was held at the tavern owned by Sion Hall on the Coffee Road , near what is now Morven , Georgia in Brooks County .
Establishment
Many residents of Lowndes County were unhappy when the Atlantic and Gulf Railroad announced June 17 , 1858 that they had selected a planned route that would bypass Troupville , the county seat . On June 22 at 3:00 am , the Lowndes County courthouse at Troupville was set aflame by William B. Crawford , who fled to South Carolina after being released on bond .
On August 9 , a meeting convened in the academy building in Troupville , at which residents decided to divide Lowndes and create a new county to the west of the Withlacoochee River , to be called Brooks County .
On December 11 , 1858 , Brooks County was officially organized by the state legislature from parts of Lowndes and Thomas counties . It was named for Preston Brooks , a member of Congress prior to the Civil War . They were very popular in the South because of their 1856 caning of abolitionist senator Charles Sumner , and the citizens of Georgia wanted to honor him . Brooksville , Florida , and Brooksville , Virginia , also named or renamed themselves for Brooks .
The county had been developed along the waterways for cotton plantations , dependent on enslaved laborers , many of whom were transported to the South in the domestic slave trade during the Antebellum years . Cotton brought a high return from local and international markets , making large planters wealthy . At the time of the 1860 federal census , Brooks County had a white population of 3,067 , a Free people of color population of 2 , and a slave population of 3,282 . The Atlantic and Gulf Railroad reached Quitman , the county seat , on October 23 , 1860 .
Civil War
During the Civil War , the county was the main producer of food for the Confederacy ; it became known as the `` Smokehouse of the Confederacy . ''
Some Confederate Army regiments were raised from the men of Brooks County . Plantation owners , county officials , and slave patrol members were exempt from military conscription , which caused some contention between the different economic classes in Brooks County .
In August 1864 , a local white man named John Vickery began plotting a slave rebellion . Their plan called for killing the slave owners , stealing what weapons they could find , setting fire to Quitman , going to Madison , Florida , burning the town , getting help from Union troops from the Gulf Coast , and then returning to Quitman . On the evening before the rebellion , a slave was arrested for theft and interrogated . Vickery was soon arrested as well . Vickery and four slave suspects were given a military trial by the local militia . Two Confederate deserters from Florida were also believed to have been involved , but were not caught by the time of the trial .
On August 23 , 1864 , at 6:00 p.m. , Vickery , and slaves Sam , Nelson , and George were publicly hanged in Quitman . The court could not reach a decision on the guilt of Warren , a slave held by Buford Elliot .
Post-Reconstruction and imposition of Jim Crow
After the war , many freedmen worked as sharecroppers or tenant farmers . Following the war and the Reconstruction era , Brooks County was one of the areas with a high rate of racial violence by whites against blacks . Its 20 deaths make it the county in Georgia that had the third-highest number of lynchings from 1870 to 1950 . ( From 1880 to 1930 , Georgia had the highest number of such extrajudicial murders in the country ) . See , for example , the Brooks County race war of 1894 .
In May 1918 , at least 13 African Americans were killed during a white manhunt and rampage after Sidney Johnson killed an abusive white planter . Johnson had been forced to work for the man under the state 's abusive convict lease system . Among those killed were Hayes Turner , and the next day their wife Mary Turner , who was eight months pregnant . They were the parents of two children . Mary Turner had condemned the mob 's killing of their husband . They were abducted by the mob in Brooks County and brutally murdered at Folsom 's Bridge on the Little River on the Lowndes County side ; their unborn child was cut from their body and killed separately . During the next two weeks , at least another eleven blacks were killed by the mob . Johnson was killed in a shootout with police . As many as 500 African Americans fled Lowndes and Brooks counties to escape future violence .
Mary Turner 's lynching drew widespread condemnation nationally . It was a catalyst for the Anti-Lynching Crusaders campaign for the 1922 Dyer Bill , sponsored by Leonidas Dyer of St. Louis . It proposed to make lynching a federal crime , as southern states essentially never prosecuted the crimes . The Solid South Democratic block of white senators consistently defeated such legislation , aided by having disenfranchised most black voters in the South . In 2010 , a state historical marker , encaptioned `` Mary Turner and the Lynching Rampage , '' was installed at Folsom 's Bridge in Lowndes County to commemorate these atrocities .
Modern history
In the 21st century , Brooks County is classified as being in the Plantation Trace tourist region .
Historical sites
The Brooks County Courthouse was constructed in 1864 in the county seat of Quitman , Georgia . It was designed by architect John Wind . Brooks County officials paid for the structure with $ 14,958 in Confederate money . The currency soon became useless .
The Brooks County Museum and Cultural Center , formerly a library , was adapted for use as a cultural center . It is the site of a series of music , art , and culinary events throughout the year .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.0 % ) is water .
The eastern boundary of the county is made up of the Little River ( Withlacoochee River ) and the Withlacoochee River , which together meander along a distance of over to form that boundary . These river boundaries are shared with Cook and Lowndes counties . The southern boundary of the county has a mutual east–west interface of about with Florida , although it is not continuous . The county is discontinuous along the Florida border , with the easternmost section about a mile east of the rest of the county . This section presently consists of one parcel , recorded as , although it has a border with Florida of almost . The county shares a north–south boundary about in length with Thomas County to the west . It also shares an east–west boundary of and a north–south boundary of with Colquitt County to the northwest . The county has over 10,000 parcels of land , with 19 over and two more than .
The county is home to several endangered plant and animal species , including the Pond Spicebush , the Wood Stork , and the Eastern Indigo snake .
The majority of Brooks County , including the northwestern portion , all central Brooks County , and the southeastern corner , is located in the Withlacoochee River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin . Most of the southern edge of the county is located in the Aucilla River sub-basin of the larger Aucilla-Waccasassa basin . The county 's northeastern portion , centered on Morven and including Barney , is located in the Little River sub-basin of the same Suwannee River basin .
Adjacent counties
Cook County - northeast ( created 1918 from Berrien County )
Lowndes County - east ( created 1825 from Irwin County )
Madison County , Florida - southeast
Jefferson County , Florida - southwest
Thomas County - west ( created 1825 from Early and Decatur counties )
Colquitt County - northwest ( created in 1856 from Thomas and Lowndes counties )
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 84
U.S. Route 221
State Route 33
State Route 38
State Route 76
State Route 122
State Route 133
State Route 333
Railroads
CSX
GA Bike Route 10
Georgia State Bicycle Route 10 is one of 14 bike routes across Georgia . Route 10 is long and goes from Lake Seminole in the west to Jekyll Island in the east . It runs a west–east route , of approximately , through the county and passes through downtown Quitman .
Airport
BROOKS CO ( 4J5 ) Runway length 5000 ' Lights , CTAF 122.9 FSS Macon 122.4
Demographics
As a result of the demand for slave labor to work the cotton plantations , the county was majority black from before the Civil War well into the 20th century . Starting in the early 1900s , hundreds of blacks left the county in the Great Migration to northern and midwestern industrial cities to gain better opportunities and escape the oppressive Jim Crow conditions , including the highest rate of lynchings of blacks in Georgia from 1880 to 1930 .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 16,450 people , 6,155 households , and 4,370 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 7,118 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile ( 6/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 57.36 % Caucasian , 39.34 % Black or African American , 0.30 % Native American , 0.26 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 1.76 % from other races , and 0.94 % from two or more races . 3.07 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 6,155 households , out of which 31.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 48.30 % were married couples living together , 18.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.00 % were non-families . 25.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.11 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 26.90 % under the age of 18 , 8.90 % from 18 to 24 , 26.90 % from 25 to 44 , 22.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.00 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females there were 92.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 86.80 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 26,911 , and the median income for a family was $ 32,382 . Males had a median income of $ 26,303 versus $ 18,925 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 13,977 . About 19.10 % of families and 23.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 32.40 % of those under age 18 and 20.10 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 16,243 people , 6,457 households , and 4,379 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 7,706 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 59.9 % white , 35.3 % black or African American , 0.3 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 2.9 % from other races , and 1.2 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.3 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 16.3 % were American , 8.3 % were Irish , 6.4 % were English , and 5.9 % were German .
Of the 6,457 households , 31.5 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.2 % were married couples living together , 16.8 % had a female householder with no husband present , 32.2 % were non-families , and 27.6 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.06 . The median age was 40.3 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 41,309 and the median income for a family was $ 47,599 . Males had a median income of $ 38,791 versus $ 25,006 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 20,346 . About 14.7 % of families and 17.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 21.5 % of those under age 18 and 22.3 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census , there were 16,301 people , 6,335 households , and 4,015 families residing in the county .
Education
The Brooks County School District offers pre-school to grade twelve . There are two elementary schools , a middle school and a high school , Brooks County High School . The district has 167 full-time teachers and over 2,563 students .
North Brooks Elementary School
Quitman Elementary School
Brooks County Middle School
Brooks County High School
The county is serviced by the Brooks County Public Library .
Government
The Government consists of a five-member Board of Commissioners . Under the guidelines of the Commissioners is a County Administrator , a Sheriff and Tax Commissioner , the Judicial System and other Boards and Authorities .
Recreation
Brooks County is well known for its wildlife . Quail , dove , ducks , and deer abound in the fields and forests . Brooks County also offers excellent fishing in its many lakes and streams , which are open to the public .
Hospital
Brooks County Hospital , a part of Archbold Medical Center , a 25-bed facility was established in 1935 and has 24-hour emergency facilities .
Communities
Cities
Barwick ( partly in Thomas County , Georgia )
Morven
Pavo ( partly in Thomas County , Georgia )
Quitman
Unincorporated communities
Barney
Dixie
Grooverville
Pidcock
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Brooks County , Georgia
References
External links
Brooks County Board of Tax Assessors
Brooks County Public Library
Brooks County Criminal Court
Brooks County historical marker
Columbia Primitive Baptist Church historical marker
1858 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
Valdosta metropolitan area counties
Populated places established in 1858
Communities named for Preston Brooks
The Bodyguard is a 1992 American romantic thriller film directed by Mick Jackson . It starred Kevin Costner , Whitney Houston , Gary Kemp , Bill Cobbs and Ralph Waite . The film follows a former United States Secret Service agent turned bodyguard who is hired to protect a famous actor and singer from an unknown stalker .
Academy Awards
All Def Movie Awards
American Black Achievement Awards
American Music Awards
Houston 's eight wins tied them with Michael Jackson for the most AMAs ever won in a single year . At that time , they also tied Kenny Rogers on the all-time list with 19 total AMAs . They won their fourth `` Favorite Pop/Rock Female Artist '' award and tied with Olivia Newton-John for the most AMAs won in this category .
ASCAP Pop Awards
Billboard Music Awards
Houston is the co-holder of the record for the most Billboard Music Awards ( 11 awards ) won in a single year since the award show has been held in 1990 - the awards with ★ marks were honored to them on the show and without ★ marks were not , but their extra # 1-ranked-categories on Billboard year-end charts . They became the only artist to grab the top spots of Top Billboard 200 Album , Top R & B Album , Hot 100 Single and Hot R & B Single simultaneously in the history of the charts . They are the only artist to win Top R & B Album three times in the history of Billboard Year-End Charts to date , after Whitney Houston in 1986 and I 'm Your Baby Tonight in 1991 . In addition , Houston is the second artist behind Elton John and the only female artist to have two number-one Top Billboard 200 Album awards ( formerly `` Top Pop Album '' ) on Billboard magazine year-end charts .
BRAVO Magazine 's Bravo Otto Awards
The BRAVO Otto Awards were determined by the readers ' poll on BRAVO , the largest teen magazine within the German-language sphere . The 1993 's poll began from the issue # 45 ( November 4 ) in 1993 and the results were released in the issue No . 1 ( January 6 ) in 1994 .
BMI Film & Television Awards
Brit Awards
Golden Raspberry Awards
Grammy Awards
Houston won their third `` Best Pop Vocal Performance , Female '' award , which is the second record behind Ella Fitzgerald and Barbra Streisand ; each received the award five times .
Japan Academy Film Prize
Japan Gold Disc Awards
Juno Awards
MTV Movie Awards
NAACP Image Awards
The NARM Best Seller Awards
NABOB Communications Awards
Houston was the recipient of an Entertainer of the Year award from the National Association of Black Owned Broadcasters ( NABOB ) in 1994 .
People 's Choice Awards
Houston won their fourth `` Favorite Female Musical Performer '' award . They did n't attend the show due of being nine months pregnant . Instead , they were given two awards at their home by their mother , Cissy Houston , and made an acceptance speech .
Smash Hits Magazine 's Smash Hits Poll Winners Party
The Smash Hits Poll Winners Party was an awards ceremony which ran from 1988 to 2005 . Each award winner was voted by readers of the Smash Hits magazine .
Soul Train Music Awards
At the 8th Soul Train Music Awards , Houston received Sammy Davis , Jr. Award for their outstanding achievements in the field of entertainment during 1993 .
World Music Awards
Houston holds the record for the most World Music Awards ( five ) won in a single year ( tied with Michael Jackson ) .
Yoga Awards
Notes
References
External links
Bodyguard
Romulus Glacier ( ) is a glacier , 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) long and 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) wide , which flows from the north slopes of Mount Lupa westward to Rymill Bay between the Blackwall Mountains and Black Thumb , on the west coast of Graham Land . First surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition ( BGLE ) under Rymill . Resurveyed in 1948-49 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) , who so named it for its association with Remus Glacier , whose head lies near the head of this glacier .
Glaciers of Fallières Coast
Tomislav Crnković ( 1929-2009 ) was a Croatian footballer .
Tomislav Crnković may also refer to :
Tomislav Crnković ( biathlete ) ( born 1991 ) , Croatian biathlete
Tomislav Crnković ( canoeist ) ( born 1956 ) , Croatian canoeist
See also
Crnković ( disambiguation )
Roman Kreuziger ( born 11 June 1965 in Uničov ) is a Czech former bicycle racer . During their career , Kreuziger won the Tour of Austria in 1991 and the Cyclocross Junior World Championships in 1983 . They are the father of racer Roman Kreuziger .
External links
Roman Kreuziger profile at the Cyclingwebsite
1965 births
Living people
People from Uničov
Czech male cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
Sportspeople from the Olomouc Region
This is a list of All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning managers since 1986 . The term manager ( or coach ) only came into widespread use in the 1970s . Up until then football teams were usually run by selection panels . Sometimes they contained up to ten members , resulting in self-interest coming to the fore more often than not . All this changed with the appointment of a strong manager , surrounded by a small group of selectors .
By year
See also
List of All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winning managers
References
Managers
All-Ireland
The Nikon F-mount teleconverters are a group of magnifying lenses mounted between the lens and camera bodies using the Nikon F-mount . Currently , 1.4x , 1.7x and 2x converters are available separately ; a fourth , the 1.25x , is available only with Nikon 's newest 800mm supertelephoto lens .
Function
There are several generations , the newest are the E-II and the latest E-III series , which includes an aspherical lens .
Teleconverters need a fast lens for fast , reliable autofocus . Depending on brightness , contrast and needed autofocus-speed , one should have a minimum total aperture between 11 and 5.6 . A total aperture of 8 corresponds to a lens aperture of 5.6 , 4 and 2.8 with a 1.4x , 2x and 3x teleconverter , respectively . Sometimes teleconverters do not convert aperture and focal length data included in the Exif information , even if the actual focus and exposure still will be correct . Not every teleconverter will support autofocus with every lens . Teleconverters are often recommended only for lenses with minimum telephoto focal length or equivalent zoom range . All AF-I and AF-S teleconverters support lenses with optical image stabilization ( Nikon VR ) .
Models
Compatibility information
Nikon AF-I and AF-S teleconverters will only mount original Nikon Nikkor AF-S and AF-I lenses ( without modification ) . Modification needs removal of a small part . They are not recommended for use with Nikon DX format lenses although it mounts ( with modification ) .
Although not recommended , teleconverters are used in the Nikon 1 series with Mount Adapter FT1 for extreme telephotos .
See also
Kenko ( company )
Canon Extender EF
List of Nikon F-mount lenses with integrated autofocus motors
References
Nikon F-mount lenses
Teleconverter lenses
Adrián Campos Jr. ( born 5 October 1988 in Valencia ) is a Spanish racing driver . They have competed in such series as the European F3 Open Championship ( formerly the Spanish Formula Three Championship ) . They signed to compete in the 2010 Indy Lights season in the United States . Campos finished 6th in points with the best finish of 4th three times , including back-to-back oval races to close out the season , and had the fastest lap of the race at Kentucky Speedway . They placed second among rookie competitors , only behind series champion Jean-Karl Vernay .
Racing record
American open-wheel racing results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Indy Lights
Complete Auto GP Results
( key )
References
External links
Career statistics from Driver Database
1988 births
Living people
Spanish racing drivers
Euroformula Open Championship drivers
Indy Lights drivers
Team Moore Racing drivers
Campos Racing drivers
The Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park is a technology park in the Pudong district of Shanghai , China . It is operated by Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park Development Co. , Ltd . The park specializes in research in life sciences , software , semiconductors , and information technology .
As of 2009 , there were 110 research and development institutions , 3,600 companies and 100,000 workers located in the technology park . In some circles the park is also known as China 's Silicon Valley .
History
The Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park was established in July 1992 . It is situated in the Pudong New Area with a total area of . In 2018 , it has bases such as the National Shanghai Biomedical Science and Technology Industry Base , National Information Industry Base , National Integrated Circuit Industry Base , National Semiconductor Lighting Industry Base , National 863 Information Security Fruit Industrialization ( Eastern ) Base , National Software Industry Base , National Software Export Base , National Cultural Industry Model Base , National Online Games and Animation Industry Development Base . It also has the parks National Torch Entrepreneurship Park and National Overseas Student Pioneering Park . The park is made up of the following areas : the Technical Innovation Zone , the Hi-Tech Industry Zone , the Scientific Research and Education Zone , and the Residential Zone .
The park 's center area now has 400 research and development institutions . In 2013 , Shanda opened sales of a real estate investment project in the park and accepted payment for apartments with bitcoin . Shanda World opened in the park in 2018 .
In August 1999 , the Shanghai Municipal Committee and Municipal Government developed a strategy and accompanying report called `` Focus on Zhangjiang . '' The report identified that investments from the IC industry , the software industry , and the biomedical industry would be targeted . They were seen as the industries which should have leading roles in innovation and that would drive future economic growth and higher employment in Zhangjiang Town and the Hi-Tech Park .
The park is classified as a Special Economic Zone .
Presence
Major companies that have a presence in the park include life science firms GSK , Roche , Eli Lilly , Pfizer , Novartis , GE , and AstraZeneca . Internet technology firms include Hewlett-Packard , Lenovo , Intel , and Infineon . Software firms include IBM , Citibank , eBay , Tata Consultancy Services , Infosys , and SAP AG . Chemical companies include Wison Group , DSM , Henkel , Dow , Dupont , and Rohm and Haas . Semiconductor firms include Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation ( SMIC ) , Hua Hong NEC , Grace Semiconductor , Spreadtrum , and VeriSilicon . Other firms present include Asia-Pacific Software , Sony , Bearing Point , Kyocera , Cognizant , TCS China , Satyam and Applied Materials . There are also a multitude of biotech firms , over a hundred of them being domestically owned companies .
The 2013 founded ShanghaiTech University aims to be the academic center of the Zhanghjiang Hi-Tech Park , alongside satellite campuses of Fudan University and Shanghai Jiao Tong University .
Location
Road links
Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park can be reached via the inner or outer ring roads that serve the Shanghai metropolitan area . The park is 3.6 km from Nanpu Bridge and 13 km from People 's Square . It is 9 km from The Bund .
Longdong Avenue on the park 's northern boundary is the main road connecting the inner ring road and Shanghai Pudong International Airport . Luonan Avenue on the park 's western boundary is the feeder road connecting the inner ring road and outer ring road .
Air links
Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park is located in the Pudong district . It is 21 km from Pudong Airport and 25 km from Hongqiao Airport .
Rail links
Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park can be reached by taking Line 2 of the Shanghai Metro to Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park station , Jinke Road , or Guanglan Road . An extension of Line 13 goes through the center of Zhangjiang . The Zhangjiang Tram system , which runs inside the zone and connects to the metro line is also available .
References
External links
Official website
China wants to rule on AI and American internet giants are jumping in
Operator of the Park
K+R Planning & Urban Design
1992 establishments in China
Economy of Shanghai
Township-level divisions of Shanghai
Special Economic Zones of China
Pudong
Jade Beach and Jade Ocean are two high-rise residential condominiums located in Sunny Isles Beach , Florida . Finished in 2009 , Jade Beach has 52 floors and rises , making it the second-tallest building in Sunny Isles Beach and the 18th tallest building in Florida as of early 2015 . Jade Ocean has a darker colored , glass facaded , , 51-story twin tower named Jade Ocean that was completed in 2008 . Both buildings were designed by architect Carlos Ott .
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Sunny Isles Beach
References
Residential skyscrapers in Florida
Buildings and structures in Miami-Dade County , Florida
Skyscrapers in Florida
Twin towers
Residential buildings completed in 2009
Residential buildings completed in 2008
2009 establishments in Florida
Revenge of the Stolen Stars is a 1985 American comedy fantasy film directed by Ulli Lommel and starring Klaus Kinski , Suzanna Love , Barry Hickey and Ulli Lommel .
Plot
A young man named Gene McBride inherits a large plantation and a mine of rubies on an island south of the China Sea . Gene moves there with their beloved Kelly to search the Six Stars , a famous collection of rubies . However , soon enough the couple find out that they will have to live with the ghost of Donald McBride , the original plantation owner and Gene 's uncle , as well as confronting a curse .
Cast
Barry Hickey as Gene McBride
Suzanna Love as Kelly
Klaus Kinski as Donald McBride
Ulli Lommel as Max Stern
Kitty O'Shea as Lupe
Amable Aguiluz ( as Tikoy Aguiluz )
Tania Aija as Shace Maron
Eugene Choy as Malu
James Chung
Sarah Golden
Master Ho Sik Pak as Prince Kali ( as Ho Sik Pak )
Norman Ino
Thom Jones
Vincent Kramer
Tuny Lee
Joycelyne Lew as Maid ( as Joyce Lew )
Andy Lyon as Alex
Joyce Macías Figueroa
James Marshall as Consul
Craig Minomiya
Eric Wong
Production
Director Ulli Lommel was unsure about casting Klaus Kinski , but they met them and Kinski was very nice , according to Lommel . But when the filming started , Kinski was very hard to work with . They complained about the lights and microphones , so eventually they had only few soft lights and very small microphones in the Kinski scenes , which is the reason why the sound quality changes much in different shots .
Kinski also did n't want to sit on a chair when camera crew was about to shoot from different angle , so continuity was n't possible . Because of that Lommel decided to change Kinski 's character to a ghost , which was a brilliant idea in Kinski 's opinion .
Kinski drank heavily and at one point practically forced the entire crew to shoot almost thirty consecutive hours , so they could finally wrap Kinski 's scenes and be done with their involvement . Kinski was so happy with the director that two days later they approached Lommel to show their appreciation , telling them that they had a great time while they worked together , and praising their directing style , to which Lommel politely thanked . Kinski also said that they would n't work in the future with anyone else than Lommel , but Lommel 's half-soothing and half-ironical answer was `` thank you Klaus , that 's kind of you '' .
References
External links
1985 films
1980s English-language films
1980s fantasy-comedy films
Films directed by Ulli Lommel
American fantasy-comedy films
1985 comedy films
1980s American films
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1973–74 season .
Overview
Al Kuwait Kaifan won the championship .
References
RSSSF
1973–74
1973–74 in Asian association football leagues
football
Svetlana Antipova ( née Zaboluyeva , born 20 August 1966 ) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
1966 births
Living people
Russian women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Unified Team
Olympic basketball players of Russia
Basketball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Unified Team
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women 's basketball players
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Hungry Hall was the name of two unrelated Canadian trading posts .
1 . Saskatchewan River ( NWC,1791 ) : In 1790 William Thorburn of the North West Company built a post on the right bank of the Saskatchewan River near Nipawin , Saskatchewan to cut off the Hudson 's Bay Company trade at Cumberland House , Saskatchewan . Next year , they moved downriver and built a post on the left bank of the river opposite Petaigan Creek . It was called Hungry Hall because of its poor returns . Malcomb Ross was sent up from Cumberland House to build a competing post beside him . It seems to have been closed in 1794 . Today the site is probably under Tobin Lake . A version of Thorburn 's name was given to Tobin Rapid . The name may have been transferred to the Lake .
2 . Rainy River ( HBC,1825 ) : In 1825 , the Hudson 's Bay Company built Hungry Hall on the Rainy River close to the former Asp House . In 1834 it was abandoned by agreement with the American Fur Company . In 1863 it reappears in the records as an outpost . It was closed in 1893 due to American competition . The site is at the current Oak Grove Resort where a historical marker has been installed on the riverbank . Its name was borrowed by a band of the Rainy River First Nations .
References
Manitoba archives /search /HBCA online : -search Asp Hall
North West Company forts
Hudson 's Bay Company trading posts
Arslan Khan can refer to :
Arslan Khan ( Canadian cricketer ) ( born 1999 ) , Canadian cricketer
Arslan Khan ( Indian cricketer ) ( born 1999 ) , Indian cricketer
Arslan Khan ( prince ) , prince of the Karluks
John Gurney ( 1845–1887 ) , a member of the renowned Gurney banking family of Norfolk , was mayor of Norwich .
Early life
John Gurney was born on 11 December 1845 at Earlham Hall , Norfolk , son of Rev John Gurney ( 1809–1856 ) and Laura Elizabeth Pearse ( 1825-1899 ) of Thorpe , Norfolk . Their father died when they were still young , and they were brought up by their widowed mother at Earlham .
They were educated at Harrow School , whence they proceeded to Trinity College , Cambridge , where they took their B.A . degree in 1866 .
Career
John Gurney was a banker in Norwich , being involved in the family bank . They became a member of the firm of Gurneys , Birkbecks , Barclay , and Buxton .
They were a Justice of the Peace ( JP ) .
Despite being blind , they were elected Mayor of Norwich in 1885 .
Philanthropy
They rebuilt Sprowston Hall in 1876 .
They and their wife were deeply involved in many educational and philanthropic projects in Norwich , including the conversion of Norwich Castle into the city museum . After a hundred years as a jail in the 1880s and John Gurney put up the then considerable sum of £5,000 to help move the existing Norfolk and Norwich Museum into the building from its home on St Andrews Street .
In 1874 they gave a large contribution towards the purchase of Ham House and grounds ( to which they had succeeded ) by the Corporation of the City of London , to serve as a public open space , now known as West Ham Park .
Family
John married Lady Isabel Blake-Humfrey in 1871 . Isabel was born on 20 Dec 1851 in Wroxham House , Norfolk and died on 22 Feb 1932 aged 80 .
John and Isabel had seven children :
Sybil Gurney born 1873 and died 1944 .
John Nigel Gurney , born 1874 and died in October 1902 , while they held the office of High Sheriff of Norfolk .
Laura Gurney , born 1875 and died 1957 . They were awarded the MBE
Sir Eustace Gurney , born 1876 and died 1927 . They were awarded the KBE
Sir Hugh Gurney , born 1878 and died 1968 . They were awarded the MVO and KCMG
Robert Gurney , the zoologist born 1879 and died 1950 .
Samuel Gurney , born 1885 and died 1968 .
On retiring from the position of mayor in 1886 , Gurney 's health was failing , so they and their wife sought relaxation on the shores of the Mediterranean at Cannes , France , where they died on 24 Feb 1887 aged 41 . An earthquake , which occurred at Cannes at the time of their visit , is supposed to have indirectly caused their death . They were buried in the quiet churchyard of Earlham .
References
1887 deaths
1845 births
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
Mayors of Norwich
People from Norwich ( district )
People from Sprowston
John
Burials in Norfolk
Pierre Lagaillarde ( ; Courbevoie , 15 May 1931 – 17 August 2014 ) was a French politician , and a founder of the Organisation armée secrète ( OAS ) .
Lagaillarde was a lawyer at Blida in Algeria , a reserve officer of the paratroopers , and an elected deputy of Algiers . They took the presidency of the Association générale des étudiants d'Alger ( General Association of Alger 's Students ) in 1957 , and also took part in the Alger insurrection of May 1958 , which brought Charles de Gaulle back to power . Lagaillarde was member of the Comité de salut public which opposed Algerian independence , and occupied the Gouvernement général de l'Algérie ( local colonial administration ) . In November 1958 , they were on the electoral list Algérie française ( French Algeria ) , and then became a leader of the insurrection during the week of the barricades in January 1960 .
Lagaillarde was then detained in la Santé in Paris , and took advantage of their parole to escape to Spain ( along with Jean-Jacques Susini , Jean-Maurice Demarquet , Marcel Ronda and Fernand Féral Lefevre ) , where they joined Raoul Salan and founded the OAS on 3 December 1960 . Deprived of their immunity as a deputy , they were sentenced in absentia to ten years of prison in March 1961 .
In October 1961 , they were arrested in Madrid , along with the Italian neofascist Guido Giannettini . The Spanish dictator , Francisco Franco , later exiled Lagaillarde to the Canary Islands .
Lagaillarde was pardoned by France through the 1968 amnesty law .
References
External links
A picture of Pierre Lagaillarde
Another picture ( ref ALG-58-226-R44 on the monument first level left in battle dress ) ( ECPAD )
Decision of the national assembly
1931 births
2014 deaths
People from Courbevoie
Politicians from Île-de-France
Deputies of the 1st National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Members of the Organisation armée secrète
Far-right politicians in France
People of the Algerian War
Recipients of French presidential pardons
Matthew Galkin is an American film director and producer , best known for their work in documentaries . They are the founder and CEO of Fairhaven , a New York-based production company founded in 2018 . In June 2019 , Galkin and Fairhaven entered an overall deal with Industrial Media .
Galkin is the executive producer and director of Murder In The Bayou , a 2019 Showtime documentary series based on the New York Times best-seller book written by Ethan Brown about the Jeff Davis 8 . In 2018 , they executive produced Cultureshock , a limited documentary series about moments that shocked popular culture for A & E . They directed the 2010 HBO documentary Kevorkian , about the controversial right-to-die advocate Jack Kevorkian and their ill-fated 2008 run for Congress . Galkin also directed and produced the award-winning HBO documentary I Am an Animal : The Story of Ingrid Newkirk and PETA ( 2007 ) , and directed and co-produced the 2006 documentary loudQUIETloud : a film about the Pixies .
Galkin also served as co-executive producer and director of the Style Network/E ! series Kimora : Life in the Fab Lane , a reality show about Kimora Lee Simmons . They produced HBO 's series Family Bonds and served as Co-Producer on John Landis 's Slasher for IFC .
Galkin and Fairhaven are currently producing a documentary series for CNBC , in partnership with Industrial Media 's The Intellectual Property Corporation .
References
External links
New York Times profile of Galkin and their brothers Jonathan and Andrew
HBO interview with Galkin about Kevorkian
Interview with Galkin about loudQUIETloud
I Am an Animal : The Story of Ingrid Newkirk and PETA at the IMDB .
American film directors
American television producers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Gregor Becke ( born 12 October 1972 in Salzburg ) is an Austrian slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 1990s . They finished 33rd in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
References
1972 births
Austrian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Austria
Sportspeople from Salzburg
Stanisław Kazimierz Nagy , SCI ( 30 September 1921 – 5 June 2013 ) was a Polish member of the Priests of the Sacred Heart of Jesus ( Dehonians ) and a cardinal . They were born in 1921 in Bieruń , Silesia , Poland , to a Hungarian father and Polish mother . In 1937 they became a member of the Dehonian Congregation and was ordained a priest in 1945 . They were a rector in Kraków-Płaszów , in Tarnów and a professor at the Catholic University of Lublin .
In the early 1970s Nagy served on the International Theological Commission , the Joint-Catholic-Lutheran Commission and on the editorial staff of the Catholic Encyclopedia . They attended Synods in 1981 and 1985 as well as writing books on ecumenism and Pope John Paul II . They were consecrated as Archbishop and was created Cardinal-Deacon of Santa Maria della Scala on 21 October 2003 . Cardinal Nagy died on 5 June 2013 in Kraków , Poland .
References
External links
The Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church-Stanislaw Nagy
1921 births
2013 deaths
People from Bieruń-Lędziny County
Dehonian bishops
Polish Roman Catholic titular archbishops
21st-century Polish cardinals
International Theological Commission
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
Polish people of Hungarian descent
Zhejiangosaurus ( meaning `` Zhejiang lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of ankylosaurian dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous ( Cenomanian stage ) of Zhejiang , eastern China . It was first named by a group of Chinese authors Lü Junchang , Jin Xingsheng , Sheng Yiming and Li Yihong in 2007 and the type species is Zhejiangosaurus lishuiensis ( `` from Lishui '' , where the fossil was found ) . It has no diagnostic features , and thus is a nomen dubium .
Description
Zhejiangosaurus could grow up to 4.5 m ( 17 ft ) in length and was 1.4 metric tons in weigh .
Material
Material for Zhejiangosaurus consists of the holotype , ZNHM M8718 , a partial skeleton which has preserved a sacrum with eight vertebrae , a complete right ilium and partial left ilium , a complete right pubis , the proximal end of the right ischium , two complete hindlimbs , fourteen caudal vertebrae , and some unidentified bones . These remains come from Liancheng , in the Chinese administrative unit of Lishui on the province of Zhejiang and they were collected from the Cenomanian-age Chaochuan Formation .
Systematics
On the species description , Lü et al . ( 2007 ) found Zhejiangosaurus to belong to the ankylosaurian family Nodosauridae .
See also
Timeline of ankylosaur research
References
Nodosaurids
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Fossil taxa described in 2007
Taxa named by Lü Junchang
Paleontology in Zhejiang
Lishui
Nomina dubia
Ornithischian genera
Mount Ramsay ( ) is a peak , 475 m , standing at the west side of Uruguay Cove on the north coast of Laurie Island , in the South Orkney Islands . Charted by the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition under Bruce , 1902–04 , and named for Allan Ramsay , chief engineer of the expedition ship Scotia , who died on August 6 , 1903 , and was buried at the foot of the peak .
Mountains of the South Orkney Islands
Pterostylis loganii , commonly known as the Logan 's leafy greenhood , is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to a small area near the border between New South Wales and Victoria . Flowering plants have up to five pale green flowers with darker green stripes and brownish tips . The flowers have a brown labellum with a blackish stripe and a blackish mound near its base . Non-flowering plants have a rosette of leaves on a short , thin stalk but flowering plants lack the rosette , instead having five to seven stem leaves .
Description
Pterostylis littoralis , is a terrestrial , perennial , deciduous , herb with an underground tuber . Non-flowering plants have a rosette of between three and five egg-shaped leaves which are long and wide and on a thin stalk . Flowering plants have up to nine pale green flowers with darker green stripes on a flowering spike high . The flowers are long and the flowering stem has between five and seven linear to lance-shaped stem leaves which are long and wide . The dorsal sepal and petals are fused , forming a hood or `` galea '' over the column with the dorsal sepal having a short point on its brownish tip . The lateral sepals turn downwards and are long , wide , joined for part of their length and have narrow brownish tips long . The labellum is long , about wide and pale green with a dark brown line along its centre and a dark brown mound near its base . Flowering occurs from August to October .
Taxonomy and naming
This leafy greenhood was first formally described in 2006 by David Jones who gave it the name Bunochilus loganii and published the description in Australian Orchid Research from a specimen collected near Carabost . In 2008 Gary Backhouse changed the name to Pterostylis loganii . The specific epithet ( loganii ) honours Alan Edward Logan , a farmer and naturalist who discovered the species and collected the type specimen .
Distribution and habitat
Pterostylis loganii grows in forest with grasses and shrubs in the far north-east of Victoria and the southern tablelands and slopes of New South Wales .
References
loganii
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Orchids of Victoria ( Australia )
Plants described in 2006
Al-Ḥasan ibn ʿAmmār al-Kalbī , usually called simply Ibn Ammar in the Arabic sources , was an Arab commander for the Fatimid Caliphate . A member of the Kalbid family , they were active in the wars with the Byzantine Empire in Sicily in the 960s , leading the capture of Taormina and Rometta , which completed the Muslim conquest of Sicily .
Some scholars identify them with `` Abu Muhammad al-Hasan ibn Ali '' , also known as Ibn Ammar , a leader of the Kutama Berbers and chief minister ( wāsiṭa ) during the first year of the reign of the Fatimid Caliph al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah ( ) , but this is disputed .
Biography
Hasan was the son of Ammar ibn Ali al-Kalbi , a member of the Kalbid family , which had come into prominence through Ammar 's brother al-Hasan ibn Ali al-Kalbi . Along with Ahmad , Ammar fought in the wars with the Byzantine Empire in Sicily and southern Italy , and drowned during an abortive expedition against Otranto in 958 .
Following the Byzantine reconquest of Crete in 960–961 , the Fatimids once more turned their attention to Sicily , where they decided to reduce the remaining Byzantine outposts in the northeast and complete the Muslim conquest of the island . On Christmas Day 962 Hasan and their cousin Ahmad captured Taormina after a siege of seven and a half months , while on 24 August 963 Hasan laid siege to Rometta . The garrison of the latter sent for aid to Emperor Nikephoros II Phokas . The Emperor prepared a major expedition , allegedly 40,000 strong , which arrived in Italy in late 964 . Learning of this , Hasan also sought reinforcements , which arrived under the command of their namesake uncle . The Byzantines attempted to relieve Rometta , and on 25 October 964 clashed with Hasan 's army . The Byzantines were victorious in the initial engagement , but Hasan managed to rally their men and won a crushing victory . According to al-Maqrizi and Abu ' l-Fida , more than 10,000 Byzantines fell , including the Emperor 's nephew , Manuel Phokas , and several other commanders . The surviving Byzantines fled in panic , but were badly mauled again when the Arabs caught up with them in a defile ( `` battle of the pit '' , ) . The remnants of the Byzantine troops boarded their ships , but the Byzantine fleet was destroyed at the Battle of the Straits by Hasan 's cousin Ahmad , sealing the fate of Rometta . The city surrendered a few months later , in early 965 , after its provisions were exhausted and its inhabitants started fleeing the city .
Disputed identity
Michael Brett and other scholars identify al-Hasan al-Kalbi with another Ibn Ammar , who in 971 led an army of Kutama Berbers to reinforce the Fatimid troops in Egypt , and who after the death of Caliph al-Aziz Billah ( ) became briefly regent with the title of wāsiṭa ( `` intermediary '' ) , and led a staunchly pro-Berber regime that antagonized the other factions of the army , until they were overthrown by Barjawan in October 997 . Other scholars consider the later Ibn Ammar to have themselves been a Kutama Berber leader , under the name of `` Abu Muhammad al-Hasan ibn Ali '' .
References
Sources
10th-century Arabs
Generals of the Fatimid Caliphate
Kalbids
Fatimid people of the Arab–Byzantine wars
10th-century people of the Fatimid Caliphate
Saayvar Thirumeni ( ) is a 2001 Indian Malayalam-language action drama film directed by Shajoon Karyal and written by Robin Thirumala . It features Suresh Gopi , Manoj K. Jayan , Samyuktha Varma , Narendra Prasad , Nedumudi Venu , Jagathy Sreekumar , Sangeetha Mohan , and K. P. A. C. Lalitha . The music was composed by Raveendran . The plot revolves around Devadatthan ( Suresh Gopi ) , a Namboothiri youth . This movie is dubbed in Telugu as Dhairyavanthudu and in Hindi as Jung ka maidan .
Synopsis
Mazhamangalath Narayanan Namboothirippadu is the head of a prestigious Mazhamangalam family . Their elder son is Mazhamangalath Kunjikuttan and younger son is Mazhamangalath Devadathan Namboothirippadu , popularly known as Saayvar Thirumeni . Their friends are Kunjappu and Neelakandan who believe Saayvar more than anyone else . Saayvar looks after their estate at Kunthapuram in Karnataka and people there call them Saayvar Thirumeni , out of respect and love .
One day Narayanan was honoured by the villagers for winning the Kendra Sahithya academy award . One of the elephants named Ganeshan turns violent but is calmed down by Saayvar . They are appreciated by the villagers for saving the people from the violent pachyderm . Saayvar knows from their friend Kunjappu that the elephant was turned violent by their family rivals . Saayvar goes to meet them and gives them a final warning .
Later they go to church where they meet their friend Fr . Kuruvithadam along with orphans . Even as a Brahmin , Saayvar looks after the orphans . Saayvar sings a melodious Christian song to the orphans . They meet Annie at the church . Annie is the daughter of Fr . Kuruvithadam 's brother . Annie has come to that village to learn Kathakali . Saayvar 's sister Bhaama is also a student at the school . Annie and Saayvar quarrel at the beginning . As the story moves forward Annie learns from Fr . Kuruvithadam that the orphans were looked after by Saayvar which leads them to fall in love with him . They learn more about them from Bhaama .
The next scene shows Saayvar meeting their cousin Mithran . Mithran seeks help from Saayvar to save them and their friend Saam from Paappa . Saayvar once saved Paappa from an accident and they friend . Mithran cheated Paappa in their business deal and Saayvar was unaware of this .
Saayvar sets out with Kunjappu and Neelakandan to solve the issue with Paappa . On the way Paappa 's goons attack Mithran , but Saayvar fights back and goes to meet Paappa at home . Saayvar solves the issue , but Mithran quarrels with Paappa again which ends the friendship of Paappa and Saayvar . Paappa warns Saayvar not to believe Mithran but they do not want to mistrust their cousin . Mithran 's aim is to destroy Saayvar 's family as their mother ( Saayvar 's father 's sister ) was sent out of their family for loving a man of another caste . Also during their childhood , Saayvar caught Mithran stealing their family goddess 's statue which leads Mithran to run away . Mithran wanted to avenge this .
They find a photo of Saayavar along with a girl named Sreekutty . This is shown to Narayanan by Mithran and when asked about it Saayvar lies that they do not know who the girl is . They are beaten up by Narayanan and sent out from the family . This breaks their relationship with Annie . Later it is proven that Sreekutty was actually Narayanan 's daughter who was born to their lover Martha during Narayanan 's youth . Saayavar was keeping this a secret as they have given their word to Martha that they will never tell anyone . Saayvar kept their word . At the same time Mithran plays many foul games to destroy the family . They plan to kill Sreekutty and blame Annie 's brothers . They kill Saayvar 's brother Kunjikuttan . At last it is revealed that Mithran was behind the problems . Saayvar fights Mithran . Mithran is killed by Kunjikuttan 's elephant and the family is reunited .
Cast
Suresh Gopi as Devadathan Namboothirippadu / Saayvar Thirumeni
Manoj K. Jayan as Mithran
Samyuktha Varma as Annie /Annamma
Narendra Prasad as Mazhamangalathu Narayanan Namboothirippadu
Jagathy Sreekumar as Kunjikuttan
Janardhanan as Father Kuruvithadam
K. P. A. C. Lalitha as Sreedevi
Nedumudi Venu as Devan 's grandfather
Lalu Alex as Paappachan
Vijayakumar as Thottungal Sam
Sangeetha Mohan as Sreekutty
Sadiq as Neelakandan
Augustine as Kunjappu
Kalamandalam Kesavan as Kalamandalam Keshavan Namboothirippadu
Rehana Navas as Bhama
Ramu as Francis
Sanusha as Krishnapriya
Urmila Unni as Martha
Subair as Xavier Joseph
Kundara Johny as Bhaskara Menon
V. K. Sreeraman as Damodara Menon
Kozhikode Narayanan Nair as Padmanabhan Nair
Baburaj as Ayyappan
Shobha Mohan as Subhadra
Pavithran as Anto Joseph
Cherthala Lalitha as Devaki
Vijayan Peringode as Geevarghese
References
External links
2001 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Malayalam cinema
Films directed by Shajoon Kariyal
Films scored by Raveendran
Tales from the Vulgar Unicorn is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Robert Lynn Asprin and published in 1980 . It is the second in the Thieves ' World series , featuring stories by a variety of authors with the common setting of Sanctuary , a city at the far southern corner of the empire where all the less-than-law-abiding citizens of the world tend to congregate .
Contents
`` Introduction '' by Robert Lynn Asprin
Hakiem the storyteller observes the decline of the Vulgar Unicorn tavern since One-Thumb 's disappearance .
`` Spiders of the Purple Mage '' by Philip José Farmer
Midwife Masha zil-Ineel must penetrate the island defenses of the Purple Mage to save them family .
`` Goddess '' by David Drake
Cirdonian nobleman Samlor takes revenge on the demon Dyareela , who caused the death of their sister , and destroys the Temple of Heqt in the center of Sanctuary .
`` The Fruit of Enlibar '' by Lynn Abbey
Illyra , the half S'danzo seer , aids their half-brother Walegrin 's search for fabled Enlibar steel to rebuild the army under their command .
`` The Dream of the Sorceress '' by A.E . van Vogt
Searching for their father 's murderer , healer Alten Stulwig becomes entangled in a game between war-god Vashanka and their lover Azyuna .
`` Vashanka 's Minion '' by Janet Morris
Tempus challenges the war-god Vashanka by destroying the deity 's temple of magic weapons which is corrupting the citizens of Sanctuary .
`` Shadow 's Pawn '' by Andrew J. Offutt
Hanse ( Shadowspawn ) hunts a fearsome magical weapon which brings out a victim 's deepest terror .
`` To Guard the Guardians '' by Robert Lynn Asprin
Zalbar , Captain of the Prince 's Bodyguard , teams with the crime lord Jubal to defeat an old foe .
Essay : `` The Lighter Side of Sanctuary '' by Robert Lynn Asprin
Reception
Greg Costikyan reviewed Tales from the Vulgar Unicorn in Ares Magazine # 8 and commented that `` Tales from the Vulgar Unicorn and Another Fine Myth are excellent reading . If you 're suffering from the Hong Kong-Asian-mid-winter flu , take two Asprin and read in bed . ''
Colin Greenland reviewed Tales from the Vulgar Unicorn for Imagine magazine , and stated that `` Not so good as volume 1 , partly because of space wasted by Philip Jose Farmer and A Evan Vogt , two burnt-out stars if ever there were ; but Lynn Abbey is on form , and the overall idea continues to be entertaining . ''
Reviews
Review by Judith Hanna ( 1985 ) in Paperback Inferno , # 52
References
1980 anthologies
Fantasy anthologies
Thieves ' World
Thalirukal is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film , directed by M. S. Mani . The film stars Sathyan , Paul Vengola , C. R. Lakshmi and Chandni in lead roles . The film had musical score by A. T. Ummer .
Cast
Sathyan
Paul Vengola
C. R. Lakshmi
Chandni
Kottayam Chellappan
M. G. Menon
Nagesh
S. P. Pillai
Ushakumari
Sunitha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by A. T. Ummer and the lyrics were written by Dr Pavithran .
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
The Maddigans are a Canadian Pop Punk/Rock band from Edmonton , Alberta . The band is best known for their DIY touring schedule , including playing 19 countries without a booking agent . They have also released 3 EPs and one studio album .
History
The Maddigans formed in 2008 in Edmonton , Alberta , consisting of Trisha Watson on vocals , Benn Kimmis on drums and Eric Paone on guitar . All of the members had been friends since junior high school and had performed in other bands together .
The band released their debut EP Say It Loud in 2009 . They later added bassist Thaddeus Lake to the band and began to tour alongside western Canadian bands such as The Kick Off , The Perfect Trend and Acres of Lions . In 2010 they released another EP `` Way To Start This '' and toured across Canada with Everyone Everywhere . During this tour Eric Paone left the band . Later that year the band added guitarist Seb Sanders as a replacement .
In 2011 the band toured the US for the first time and played Canadian Music Week In Toronto . This was followed by Ontario dates with Set It Off . In November that year bassist Thaddeus Lake was killed in a car accident by a drunk driver .
In 2012 the band released their EP `` Love Vs Passion '' , their first with Sanders . It was dedicated it to their former bassist Thaddeus Lake . By this time the band had already done 8 Canadian tours and 2 US tours , covering `` more kilometers than any [ other ] Edmonton band over the last 5 years '' . The release was immediately followed by their first UK tour .
The band would go on to tour the UK 6 times and Europe twice over the next 2 years . In 2016 they added Mike Hawman to the band as a bassist . They also released their first album `` No Place Like Here '' , which was debuted on Alternative Press . Three songs from the release received regular airplay on Idobi Radio .
Style
Circuit Sweet described the band as having a `` weighty mix of pop punk and pop rock ''
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Members
Current
Trisha Watson - Lead Vocals
Benn Kimmis - Drums
Seb Sanders - Guitar/Backing Vocals
Mike Hawman - Bass Guitar
Past
Thaddeus Lake - Bass Guitar
Alex Porro - Bass Guitar
Eric Paone - Lead Guitar
Kevin Vos - Bass Guitar
Michael Racioppo - Touring Bass Guitar
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Musical groups established in 2008
Canadian pop punk groups
Musical groups from Edmonton
2008 establishments in Alberta
The George W. Gordon Farm is a historic home and farm located at Whiteley Township in Greene County , Pennsylvania . The farmhouse was built in 1879 , and is a two-story , five bay brick dwelling in the Italianate style . It features a one-story , three bay porches added about 1920 . Also on the property are a number of contributing farm outbuildings .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000 .
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Italianate architecture in Pennsylvania
Houses completed in 1879
Houses in Greene County , Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Greene County , Pennsylvania
İçören , Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Portrait of Charles Sumner is an 1873 oil on canvas portrait painting by Walter Ingalls , now in United States Capitol in Washington , D.C . It is one of the paintings that possibly suffered damage from tear gas and pepper spray during the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol .
The artwork portrays Charles Sumner , a man notable at the Capitol for two reasons ; firstly for their suffering at the hands of their political opponents Andrew Butler and Preston Brooks , now known as the Caning of Charles Sumner , and secondly because they were so popular that they were laid in state before burial in the United States Capitol rotunda . Sumner sat for their portrait in a temporary studio at the Capitol for Ingalls in 1873 . The resulting portrait was purchased for the Capitol collection in 1886 .
Walter Ingalls chose a similar pose to an old photograph taken in 1860 by Capitol photographer Mathew Brady , suggesting either that they had possibly not finished their painting before their subject 's death , or that their sitter 's popularity was linked to their debilitating condition caused by the 1856 caning incident and should be remembered as they were in younger days . As an abolitionist , they would not have approved the confederate flag being flown before their portrait in 2021 .
References
painting record on US Senate collection website
Portraits of politicians
1873 paintings
Paintings in the United States Capitol
Kent Mill , Chadderton was a cotton spinning mill in Chadderton , Oldham , Greater Manchester . It was built in 1908 for the Kent Mill Co . It was taken over by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation in 1938 and passed to Courtaulds in 1964 . Production finished in 1991 and it was demolished in 1994 .
Location
Oldham is a large town in Greater Manchester , England . It lies amongst the Pennines on elevated ground between the rivers Irk and Medlock , south-southeast of Rochdale , and northeast of the city of Manchester . Oldham is surrounded by several smaller settlements which together form the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham ; Chadderton and Hollinwood are such settlements . Chadderton and Hollinwood are served by the Rochdale Canal and the Hollinwood Branch Canal . A rail service was provided by the Oldham Loop Line built by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway .
History
Oldham rose to prominence during the 19th century as an international centre of textile manufacture . It was a boomtown of the Industrial Revolution , and amongst the first ever industrialised towns , rapidly becoming `` one of the most important centres of cotton and textile industries in England '' , spinning Oldham counts , the coarser counts of cotton . Oldham 's soils were too thin and poor to sustain crop growing , and so for decades prior to industrialisation the area was used for grazing sheep , which provided the raw material for a local woollen weaving trade . It was not until the last quarter of the 18th century that Oldham changed from being a cottage industry township producing woollen garments via domestic manual labour , to a sprawling industrial metropolis of textile factories . The first mill , Lees Hall , was built by William Clegg in about 1778 . Within a year , 11 other mills had been constructed , but by 1818 there were only 19 of these privately owned mills .
It was in the second half of the 19th century , that Oldham became the world centre for spinning cotton yarn . This was due in a large part to the formation of limited liability companies known as Oldham Limiteds . In 1851 , over 30 % of Oldham 's population was employed within the textile sector , compared to 5 % across Great Britain . At its zenith , it was the most productive cotton spinning mill town in the world . By 1871 Oldham had more spindles than any country in the world except the United States , and in 1909 , was spinning more cotton than France and Germany combined . By 1911 there were 16.4 million spindles in Oldham , compared with a total of 58 million in the United Kingdom and 143.5 million in the world ; in 1928 , with the construction of the UK 's largest textile factory Oldham reached its manufacturing zenith . At its peak , there were over 360 mills , operating night and day ;
Kent Mill was built in 1908 by Kent Mill Ltd .
The industry peaked in 1912 when it produced 8 billion yards of cloth . The Great War of 1914–1918 halted the supply of raw cotton , and the British government encouraged its colonies to build mills to spin and weave cotton . The war over , Lancashire never regained its markets . The independent mills were struggling . The Bank of England set up the Lancashire Cotton Corporation in 1929 to attempt to rationalise and save the industry . Kent Mill , Chadderton was one of 104 mills bought by the LCC , and one of the 53 mills that survived through to 1950 . In 1950 , LCC converted it from a mule mill to a ring mill for Egyptian cotton with 104,000 spindles . The mill closed 1991 and was demolished in 1994 .
Architecture
.
The architect was G Stott . This was a sister mill to Manor Mill , Chadderton which still stands . The image shows the Hotel de Ville style water tower , the external engine house , and the detached chimney .
Power
1500 horsepower cross compound George Saxon & Co steam engine 25 '' HP , 52 '' LP X 5 ft 6 '' stroke . 160psi , 64rpm . 26 ft flywheel , 28 ropes . Corliss valves on both cylinders ) .
Usage
Owners
Kent Mill Company Ltd .
Lancashire Cotton Corporation ( 1938-1964 )
Courtaulds ( 1964–1991 )
See also
Textile manufacturing
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
www.cottontown.org
www.spinningtheweb.org.uk
Textile mills owned by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation
Textile mills in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham
Buildings and structures in Chadderton
Demolished buildings and structures in England
Temnolopha matura is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Thailand , Taiwan and Borneo .
The wingspan is about 17 mm . The forewings are leaden grey , becoming pale grey towards the tornus . The hindwings are dark fuscous purple .
References
Moths described in 1973
Olethreutini
Gelanor is a genus of spiders in the family Mimetidae , found in Central and South America .
Species
, the World Spider Catalog accepted the following species :
Gelanor altithorax Keyserling , 1893 – Brazil , Argentina
Gelanor consequus O. Pickard-Cambridge , 1902 – Mexico , Costa Rica to Bolivia
Gelanor fortuna Benavides & Hormiga , 2016 – Panama
Gelanor innominatus Chamberlin , 1916 – Peru
Gelanor juruti Benavides & Hormiga , 2016 – Venezuela , Guyana , Brazil
Gelanor latus ( Keyserling , 1881 ) – Mexico , Guatemala , Nicaragua to Bolivia
Gelanor moyobamba Benavides & Hormiga , 2016 – Peru
Gelanor muliebris Dyal , 1935 – Pakistan
Gelanor siquirres Benavides & Hormiga , 2016 – Costa Rica
Gelanor waorani Benavides & Hormiga , 2016 – Colombia , Ecuador , Brazil
Gelanor zonatus ( C. L. Koch , 1845 ) ( type species ) – Mexico to Uruguay
References
Mimetidae
Araneomorphae genera
Spiders of Central America
Spiders of South America
The 1974 USC Trojans baseball team represented the University of Southern California in the 1974 NCAA Division I baseball season . The team was coached Rod Dedeaux in their 33rd season .
The Trojans won the College World Series , defeating the Miami Hurricanes in the championship game , completing their run of five consecutive national championships .
Roster
Schedule
! style= '' background : # FFCC00 ; color : # 990000 ; '' | Regular Season
|-
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| February 10 || at || 6–1 || 1–0 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| February 18 || || 5–4 || 2–0 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| February 18 || San Diego State || 5–3 || 3–0 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| February 20 || at || 18–5 || 4–0 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| February 23 || vs. || 5–1 || 5–0 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| February 24 || at || 9–7 || 6–0 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| February 24 || at UNLV || 10–2 || 7–0 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| February 26 || || 9–2 || 8–0 || –
|-
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| March 1 || || 3–9 || 8–1 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 5 || at || 5–3 || 9–1 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 10 || at || 6–3 || 10–1 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| March 12 || at UC Irvine || 10–4 || 11–1 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 13 || at || 9–6 || 12–1 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 14 || at || 13–7 || 13–1 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 15 || || 19–3 || 14–1 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 15 || Air Force || 16–8 || 15–1 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| March 19 || || 8–6 || 16–1 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| March 20 || Santa Clara || 2–10 || 16–2 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ffdddd ''
| March 22 || || 10–12 || 16–3 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 23 || vs. Arizona State || 14–9 || 17–3 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 25 || at || 6–3 || 18–3 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 26 || || 9–8 || 19–3 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 30 || || 7–0 || 20–3 || 1–0
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 30 || California || 11–4 || 21–3 || 2–0
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| March 31 || California || 3–1 || 22–3 || 3–0
|-
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ffdddd ''
| April 5 || at || 2–3 || 22–4 || 3–1
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| April 6 || at Stanford || 7–5 || 23–4 || 4–1
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ffdddd ''
| April 6 || at Stanford || 5–6 || 23–5 || 4–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| April 7 || at Arizona State || 6–4 || 24–5 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| April 9 || at || 6–7 || 24–6 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| April 9 || at Oklahoma || 4–5 || 24–7 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| April 12 || at || 8–2 || 25–7 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| April 13 || at Tulsa || 4–5 || 25–8 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| April 13 || at Tulsa || 7–11 || 25–9 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| April 14 || at Tulsa || 11–4 || 26–9 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| April 15 || || 5–4 || 27–9 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| April 16 || Cal State Northridge || 7–6 || 28–9 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| April 19 || at || 8–2 || 29–9 || 5–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| April 20 || UCLA || 11–5 || 30–9 || 6–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| April 20 || UCLA || 6–5 || 31–9 || 7–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| April 23 || Pepperdine || 5–6 || 31–10 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| April 24 || || 9–6 || 32–10 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| April 26 || at California || 4–1 || 33–10 || 8–2
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| April 27 || at California || 2–4 || 33–11 || 8–3
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| April 27 || at California || 8–3 || 34–11 || 9–3
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| April 28 || at Santa Clara || 9–2 || 35–11 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| April 30 || Cal Poly Pomona || 4–6 || 35–12 || –
|-
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| May 3 || Stanford || 1–4 || 35–13 || 9–4
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| May 4 || Stanford || 0–7 || 35–14 || 9–5
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| May 4 || Stanford || 5–6 || 35–15 || 9–6
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| May 6 || Chapman || 5–2 || 36–15 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| May 7 || Loyola Marymount || 4–6 || 36–16 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| May 8 || at Long Beach State || 7–5 || 37–16 || –
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| May 10 || UCLA || 10–0 || 38–16 || 10–6
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ffdddd ''
| May 11 || at UCLA || 5–6 || 38–17 || 10–7
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # ddffdd ''
| May 11 || at UCLA || 22–2 || 39–17 || 11–7
|-
|-
! style= '' background : # FFCC00 ; color : # 990000 ; '' | Post–Season
|-
|-
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| May 18 || vs. || Dedeaux Field || 11–6 || 40–17
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| May 18 || vs. Oregon || Dedeaux Field || 14–1 || 41–17
|-
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| May 25 || vs. Cal State Los Angeles || Reeder Field || 9–2 || 42–17
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ffdddd ''
| May 26 || vs. Cal State Los Angeles || Reeder Field || 6–7 || 42–18
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| May 26 || vs. Cal State Los Angeles || Reeder Field || 11–9 || 43–18
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ffdddd ''
| June 1 || vs. Pepperdine || Dedeaux Field || 2–4 || 43–19
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| June 2 || vs. Pepperdine || Dedeaux Field || 4–1 || 44–19
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| June 2 || vs. Pepperdine || Dedeaux Field || 12–1 || 45–19
|-
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| June 8 || vs. Texas || Rosenblatt Stadium || 9–2 || 46–19
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| June 10 || vs. || Rosenblatt Stadium || 5–3 || 47–19
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ffdddd ''
| June 12 || vs. Miami ( FL ) || Rosenblatt Stadium || 3–7 || 47–20
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| June 13 || vs. Texas || Rosenblatt Stadium || 5–3 || 48–20
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| June 14 || vs. Southern Illinois || Rosenblatt Stadium || 7–2 || 49–20
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' ddffdd ''
| June 15 || vs. Miami ( FL ) || Rosenblatt Stadium || 7–3 || 50–20
|-
Awards and honors
Rob Adolph
College World Series All-Tournament Team
Mike Barr
College World Series All-Tournament Team
Marvin Cobb
College World Series All-Tournament Team
Rich Dauer
All-America First Team
College World Series All-Tournament Team
All-Pacific-8 First Team
Russ McQueen
All-Pacific-8 First Team
George Milke
College World Series Most Outstanding Player
Bob Mitchell
College World Series All-Tournament Team
Creighton Tevlin
All-Pacific-8 First Team
Trojans in the 1974 MLB Draft
The following members of the USC baseball program were drafted in the 1974 Major League Baseball Draft .
June regular draft
References
USC
USC Trojans baseball seasons
College World Series seasons
NCAA Division I Baseball Championship seasons
Pac-12 Conference baseball champion seasons
USC Trojans baseball
Nadol is a census town in Desuri tehsil of Pali district , India . Ashapura Mataji temple and Shri Nadol Tirth attract pilgrims .
History
Nadol was originally called Naddula . The Chahamanas of Naddula ( called Chauhans of Nadol in vernacular legends ) ruled the town and its surrounding areas during the 10th-12th century CE . Their founder was Lakshmana , a prince of the Shakambhari Chahamana dynasty . They carved out a principality at Nadol , while their brother Simharaja ascended the ancestral throne . Nadol was ruled by their descendants until Jayatasimha was defeated by the Ghurids . Later , the Jalor Chahamana king Udayasimha ( a relative of Jayatasimha ) captured Nadol . The area was captured by the Delhi Sultanate after Alauddin Khalji defeated Udayasimha 's descendant Kanhadadeva in 1311 .
Recent excavations by Dept . of Archaeology , Rajasthan has revealed that though this area was occupied since Stone age , Nadol was a flourishing town
during 9th-10th century . First excavation was done in 1996 , but recent excavation done at Juna Khera has revealed traces of Living rooms , Kitchen , furnaces . Stone blocks of marble and granite were used in construction of buildings , mud mortar was also used in construction . Coins from Chauhan era were also found .
Demographics
According to Census 2001 , Nadol has a population of 9,020 , where male are 4,437 and female are 4,583 .
References
Bibliography
Villages in Pali district
is a private university in Takarazuka , Hyōgo , Japan . The predecessor of the school was founded in 1941 , and it was chartered as a university in 1967 .
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1941
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
1941 establishments in Japan
Albert Pierre Camille Peyronnet ( 5 January 1862 – 18 December 1958 ) was a French politician who was a senator from 1912 to 1945 and Minister of Labor in 1922–24 .
Life
Albert Pierre Camille Peyronnet was born on 5 January 1862 in Brest , Finistère .
Their father was a secondary school principal , who soon moved to the lycée of Montluçon .
From there Peyronnet went on to study at the faculty of law in Paris , the School of Political Science and the School of Business and Economics .
They became an advocate in Cosne-sur-Loire , a magistrate in Paris , and then an advocate in Paris .
They were deputy chief of staff of René Viviani , Minister of Labor from 1906 to 1908 , then Viviani 's chief of staff until 1909 .
They were chief of staff of Louis Puech , Minister of Public Works , Posts and Telegraphs from 1910 to 1911 , then chief of staff of Ernest Monis , Minister of Worship in March-June 1911 .
Peyronnet was elected senator for the Allier on 7 January 1912 , and was reelected in 1921 , 1929 and 1938 .
They joined the Democratic Left group .
They were vice-president of the Senate from January 1925 to January 1929 .
They were appointed Minister of Labor in the 2nd cabinet of Raymond Poincaré from 15 January 1922 to 29 March 1924 .
They supported shorter working days in return for the gains in efficiency that were assumed to result .
They claimed that the eight-hour day led `` to suburbanization , the increase of workers ' gardens , greater attendance at professional courses and libraries , and the decline of alcoholism . ''
During World War II ( 1939–45 ) Peyronnet voted on 10 July 1940 in favor of the constitutional change that gave full powers to Marshal Philippe Pétain .
They then retired from public life .
They died on 18 December 1958 in Nice at the age of 96 .
Publications
Peyronnet 's book Ministère du Travail 1906–1923 was crowned by the Academy of Moral and Political Sciences .
References
1862 births
1958 deaths
French Senators of the Third Republic
French Ministers of Labour and Social Affairs
Politicians from Brest , France
Senators of Allier
Malian coup d'état may refer to :
2021 Malian coup d'état
2020 Malian coup d'état
2012 Malian coup d'état
1991 Malian coup d'état
1968 Malian coup d'état
Elsa Marion Redmond is an American archaeologist at the American Museum of Natural History . They specialise in Latin American archaeology . They are an elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
Early life and education
Redmond was born Caracas and grew up in Venezuela . They attended the Madeira School . Them father , W. Parker Redmond , had studied at Rice University . They studied at Vassar College , before transferring to Rice University for their undergraduate studies , and eventually earned a bachelor 's degree in 1973 . During their undergraduate studies Redmond completed a summer placement mapping Monte Albán with Richard Blanton . They were a graduate student at Yale University , where they earned a master 's degree and PhD in 1981 . During their postgraduate studies , Redmond began researching the formation and evolution of societies in the Oaxaca Valley and Venezuela . Them doctorate considered the hypothesis proposed in inscriptions at Monte Albán , which indicate that the Zapotec people conquered the CuicatlCa .
Research and career
Redmond was appointed to the University of Connecticut in 1981 . They have investigated the role of warfare in the emergence of centralised , hierarchical societies , as well as the role of conquest warfare in the formation of the Zapotec civilization . They began to work on the Oaxaca Valley with Charles S. Spencer . During their fieldwork , Redmond has encountered Africanized bees , venomous snakes and quicksand . The early history of people who lived in Mexico is difficult to reconstruct as they did not use written documentation . The majority of our history relies on accounts given by Spanish explorers . It was unclear when the Zapotec people had become a political entity with bureaucracy , rather than existing in a series of independent chiefdoms . It was well documented that the Zapotec waged wars with the neighbours . Spencer and Redmond were the first to excavate many of the buildings in the Oaxaca Valley .
In 1991 they joined the American Museum of Natural History . At the American Museum of Natural History Redmond is Curator of the Division of Anthropology . They have investigated the town of San Martín Tilcajete , mapping the land , excavating mounds and public buildings . On El Palenque , an overgrown hillside site , Redmond discovered a complex of stone foundations with indications of houses . They led a team of graduate students in excavating the site . In 2017 Redmond uncovered a palatial compound in El Palenque 's plaza in Oaxaca Valley . Redmond used radiocarbon dating to identify the age of the palace complex . The palace , which is similar to others in the Mesoamerican states , is between 2,100 and 2,300 years old . Redmond argued that it may be evidence of one of the earliest American governments .
Awards and honours
I awards and honours include ;
2007 Elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
2014 Elected to the National Academy of Sciences
Books
Personal life
Redmond is married to Charles S. Spencer .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Venezuelan emigrants to the United States
American archaeologists
American women archaeologists
People associated with the American Museum of Natural History
Mesoamerican archaeologists
Rice University alumni
Yale University alumni
People from Caracas
University of Connecticut faculty
Madeira School alumni
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
American women academics
21st-century American women
Guido Vecchiola Arellano ( born November 16 , 1973 , Chañaral ) , is a popular Chilean actor in soap opera and film . They are of Italian and Basque descent .
Vecchiola was born in Chañaral and has two brothers . In 1993 , GVecchiola joined the dramatic area staff of the Chilean TV channel UCTV . They were best known for their role in the show called Carabineros de Chile ( 1992 ) . Their television debut was in Champaña at 19 years old , and they later worked in El Amor está de Moda , Amor a Domicilio , Adrenalina , Eclipse de Luna , Amándote , Fuera de Control and Sabor a Tí . Later , Vecchiola took a break to live in Europa for three years , returning in 2003 to work in soap operas like Xfea2 , Brujas , Descarado and Lola , and cinema in the film El Huésped directed by Jorge Hidalgo .
In 2007 , Vecchiola was a contestant in the TV show Locos por el Baile , taking third place after Fabricio Vasconcelos and Catalina Pulido .
Soap operas
1994 – Champaña ( Canal 13 ) - Greg Brandao
1995 – El amor está de moda ( Canal 13 ) - Jorge
1995 – Amor a Domicilio ( Canal 13 ) - Matías Undurraga
1996 – Adrenalina ( Canal 13 ) - Fabián Undurraga
1997 – Eclipse de Luna ( Canal 13 ) - Diego Landa
1998 – Amándote ( Canal 13 ) - Nicolás Urrutia
1999 – Fuera de Control ( Canal 13 ) - Santiago Goic
2000 – Sabor a Tí ( Canal 13 ) - Julián Solano
2004 – Xfea2 ( MEGA ) - Aquiles Carranza
2005 – Brujas ( Canal 13 ) - Benjamín Rivas
2006 – Descarado ( Canal 13 ) - Daniel Arredondo
2007/2008 – Lola ( Canal 13 ) - Gonzalo Castro
2010 – Mujeres de Lujo ( chilevisión ) - Max Larrazabal
Movies
2005 – El Huésped - Jean Franco Bruzzone
Series , miniseries and TV
1996 – Amor a Domicilio , la comedia ( Canal 13 )
2003 – La Vida es una Lotería ( TVN ) - Alberto
2004/2005/2008/2009 – Teatro en Chilevisión ( CHV )
2006 – Casado con Hijos ( MEGA ) - Helmut
Theatre
2004 – Se busca impotente para convivir
2005/2006 – El cuando quiere , Ellas cuando pueden
2007 – El Virus
2007 – Costalazo
2008/2009 – Tape
2009 – Conmigo no cuenten
2010 – Toc-Toc
2010 - `` En la cama ''
2012 - `` Toc-Toc ''
References
External links
Chilean male telenovela actors
Chilean male film actors
Living people
1973 births
Chilean people of Italian descent
Chilean male stage actors
20th-century Chilean male actors
21st-century Chilean male actors
Burano is an island in the Venetian Lagoon , northern Italy , near Torcello at the northern end of the lagoon , known for its lace work and brightly coloured homes . The primary economy is tourism .
Geography
Burano is from Venice , a 45-minute trip from St. Mark 's Square by vaporetto , a Venetian water bus .
The island is linked to Mazzorbo by a bridge . The current population of Burano is about 2,400 . Originally , there were five islands and a fourth canal that was filled to become via e piazza Baldassare Galuppi , joining the former islands of San Martino Destra and San Martino Sinistra .
Burano has historically been subdivided into five sestieri , much like Venice . They correspond to the five original islands . The sixth sestiere is neighboring Mazzorbo :
Burano has a high population density , calculated at more than 13,000 per square kilometer , or more than twenty times the density of neighboring Mazzorbo . It is almost entirely covered by residential buildings , with few small green areas .
History
The island was probably settled by the Romans , and in the 6th century was occupied by people from Altino , who named it for one of the gates of their former city . Two stories are attributed to how the city obtained its name . One is that it was initially founded by the Buriana family , and another is that the first settlers of Burano came from the small island of Buranello , about to the south .
Although the island soon became a thriving settlement , it was administered from Torcello and had none of the privileges of that island or of Murano . It rose in importance only in the 16th century , when women on the island began making lace with needles , being introduced to such a trade via Venetian-ruled Cyprus . When Leonardo da Vinci visited in 1481 , they visited the small town of Pano Lefkara and purchased a cloth for the main altar of the Duomo di Milano . The lace was soon exported across Europe , but trade began to decline in the 18th century and the industry did not revive until 1872 , when a school of lacemaking was opened . Lacemaking on the island boomed again , but little now make lace in the traditional manner as it is extremely time-consuming and therefore expensive .
Main sights
Burano is also known for its small , brightly painted houses , which are popular with artists . The colours of the houses follow a specific system , originating from the golden age of its development . If someone wishes to paint their home , one must send a request to the government , who will respond by making notice of the certain colours permitted for that lot .
Other attractions include the church of San Martino , with a leaning campanile and a painting by Giambattista Tiepolo ( Crucifixion , 1727 ) , the Oratorio di Santa Barbara and the Museum and School of Lacemaking .
Transport
The island forms part of the Actv waterbus network . The following lines connect to Burano :
9 ( Burano-Torcello )
12 ( Fondamente Nove-Murano-Burano-Treporti-Punta Sabbioni )
14 ( S.Zaccaria-Lido SME-Punta Sabbioni-Burano )
A night service also operates .
Gallery
See also
List of islands of Italy
References
External links
Islands of the Venetian Lagoon
Frazioni of the Metropolitan City of Venice
Geography of Venice
20th-century establishments in Venice
Former municipalities of Veneto
De Toppers , also known as The Toppers in English , is a Dutch supergroup , consisting of René Froger , Gerard Joling , Jeroen van der Boom and Jan Smit . Gordon Heuckeroth , one of the founding members , left the group in 2011 . The group has performed a series of concerts every year since 2005 in the Johan Cruyff Arena . Their repertoire consists mainly of a mix of covers and original material . Toppers in Concert , with more than 40 sold-out shows , is the longest running concert series in the Benelux . In 2008 , The Toppers were selected to represent the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 held in Moscow , Russia , with the song `` Shine '' . They failed to qualify for the final .
History
Gerard Joling and Gordon Heuckeroth formed as a guest band in a Rene Froger concert , which turned into a successful concert series . In 2005 , the first two concerts were held at the Johan Cruyff Arena . In 2008 , Joling left The Toppers and was replaced by Jeroen van der Boom . In 2010 , Joling re-joined the group . They performed as a quartet before Heuckeroth departed in 2011 .
In September 2016 , Jan Smit stated they were interested in joining the group . A few hours later , van der Boom posted a video on Facebook of themselves and Joling `` auditioning '' to join the band . Smit 's addition was formally announced on February 21 , 2017 .
In 2017 , The Toppers received a Special Achievement Award , selling more than 1.5 million copies of Toppers in Concert ( CD + DVD ) . During the 2018 edition , they broke the world record in Canon Singing with 198.000 spectators during three concerts .
Toppers in Concert
Toppers in Concert is an annual Dutch concert series by The Toppers , held in the Johan Cruyff Arena since 2005 . Toppers in Concert is the longest running concert series in the Benelux . At the tenth edition in 2014 , De Toppers welcomed their two millionth concert visitor . In 2016 , The Toppers presented their first Christmas edition of Toppers in Concert in Rotterdam Ahoy .
Timeline
Concerts
Work
Albums
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert||02-07-2005||09-07-2005||3||39|| Platinum
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2006||30-06-2006||08-07-2006||2||26|| Platinum
|-
|align= '' left '' |Kerst met De Toppers||2006||-|||||| 10× Platinum
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2007||11-07-2007||21-07-2007||1 ( 1wk ) ||19|| Platinum
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2008||01-08-2008||09-08-2008||2||17|| Platinum
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2009||28-08-2009||05-09-2009||4||10|| Platinum
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2010||20-08-2010||21-08-2010||2||17|| Platinum
|-
|align= '' left '' |Mega party mix - Volume 1||20-05-2011||28-05-2011||7||13||
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2011||02-09-2011||10-09-2011||1 ( 1wk ) ||23|| Platinum
|-
|align= '' left '' |Mega party mix - Volume 2||09-03-2012||17-03-2012||19||9||
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2012||07-09-2012||15-09-2012||2||24|| 3-CD , Platinum
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2013||05-10-2013||12-10-2013||19||14|| Platinum
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2014||22-08-2014||30-08-2014||2||25|| 3-CD , Gold
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2015||28-08-2015||05-09-2015||1 ( 2wk ) ||20|| 3-CD , Gold
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers in concert 2016||26-08-2016||03-09-2016||3||10 * || 3-CD
| }
Singles
|-
|align= '' left '' |Live at the ArenA||2004||04-12-2004||5||8|| No . 3 in the Single Top 100
|-
|align= '' left '' |Over de top ! ||12-04-2005||30-04-2005||22||5|| No . 6 in the Single Top 100
|-
|align= '' left '' |Toppers party ! ||2005||16-07-2005||tip5||-|| No . 32 in the Single Top 100
|-
|align= '' left '' |Wir sind die Holländer||2006||03-06-2006||18||5|| as `` Toppers voor Oranje '' /No . 7 in the Single Top 100
|-
|align= '' left '' |Can you feel it ? ||11-06-2007||16-06-2007||8||5|| with John Marks /No . 10 in the Single Top 100
|-
|align= '' left '' |Shine||16-02-2009||07-03-2009||15||8|| No . 2 in the Single Top 100
|-
|align= '' left '' |1001 Nacht||05-04-2013||20-04-2013||tip9||-|| No . 13 in the Single Top 100
| }
DVDs
Toppers In Concert 2005 - Gold / Platinum
Toppers In Concert 2006 - Gold / Platinum
Toppers In Concert 2007 - Gold / Platinum
Toppers In Concert 2008 - Gold / Platinum
Toppers In Concert 2009 - Gold / Platinum
Toppers In Concert 2010 - Gold / Platinum
Toppers In Concert 2011 - Gold / Platinum
Toppers In Concert 2012 - Gold / Platinum
Toppers In Concert 2013 - Gold / Platinum
Toppers In Concert 2014 - Gold
Toppers In Concert 2015 - Gold
Toppers In Concert 2016 - Platinum
Filmography
Froger , Joling & Gordon : Over de Toppers - Reality television
Toppers in de Sneeuw - Reality television
Kerst met De Toppers in Disneyland - TV Special
Toppers : De weg naar de ArenA - Reality television
Toppers : De weg naar de ArenA 2007 - Reality television
Toppers op weg naar Moskou - Reality television
Goede tijden , slechte tijden - Cameo appearance
Nationaal Songfestival ( 2009 )
Eurovision Song Contest 2009
Wie wordt de 5e Topper ? - Talentshow
Toppers Halftimeshow - Talentshow
Toppers Meezingmarathon - Toppers Marathon Series
12,5 Jaar De Toppers - Reality television
De Toppers : Wild West , Thuis Best - Reality television
Topper Gezocht ! - Talentshow
References
External links
Toppers in concert
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for the Netherlands
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 2009
Musical groups from Amsterdam
Dutch disco groups
Pop music supergroups
Those marked in bold have now been capped at full international level .
Group A
Head coach : Philippe Bergeroo
Head coach : Kenny Shiels
Head coach : Juan Santisteban
Head coach :
Group B
Head coach : Paul Gludovatz
Head coach : John Peacock
Head coach : Carlos Alberto Lopes Dinis
Head coach : Viktor Kashchey
Footnotes
UEFA European Under-17 Championship squads
Squads
Brian Thomas O'Halloran ( born 17 May 1991 ) is an Irish hurler and Gaelic footballer who plays for Waterford Championship club Clashmore-Kinsalebeg . They played for the Waterford senior hurling team for 10 seasons , during which time they usually lined out as a right corner-forward .
O'Halloran began their career at club level with Clashmore-Kinsalebeg . They had already broken onto the club 's top adult team when they captained Clashmore to the Waterford Minor Championship title in 2009 . O'Halloran enjoyed their greatest success the following year when the club won the Waterford Intermediate Championship and promotion to the top flight of Waterford football . They also lined out with Mary Immaculate College in the Fitzgibbon Cup .
At inter-county level , O'Halloran was part of the successful Waterford minor team that won the Munster Championship in 2009 before later lining out with the under-21 team in 2012 . They joined the Waterford senior team in 2010 . A series of hamstring and ankle ligament injuries stunted their progression , however , they made a combined total of 47 National League and Championship appearances in a career that ended with their last game in 2019 . During that time O'Halloran was part of Waterford 's Munster Championship-winning team in 2010 . They also secured a National Hurling League medal in 2015 and was an All-Ireland Championship runner-up in 2017 . O'Halloran announced their retirement from inter-county hurling on 10 June 2019 .
Playing career
Mary Immaculate College
On 2 March 2013 , O'Halloran was at right wing-forward when Mary Immaculate College qualified for their first ever Fitzgibbon Cup final . University College Cork ended the game as champions following a 2-17 to 2-12 victory .
Clashmore-Kinsalebeg
O'Halloran joined the Clashmore-Kinsalebeg club at a young age and played in all grades at juvenile and underage levels . On 20 May 2009 , they captained the team and scored 1-04 from centre-forward when Clashmore defeated Ballinacourty by 1-07 to 1-06 to win the Waterford Minor Football Championship .
On 31 October 2010 , O'Halloran lined out in the forwards when the Clashmore intermediate football team faced John Mitchels in the final of the Waterford Intermediate Championship . They ended the game with a winners ' medal following a 1-13 to 1-07 victory .
On 30 September 2018 , O'Halloran captained Clashmore when they qualified for the Western Intermediate Hurling Championship final . A 4-15 to 3-15 defeat of Ballysaggart secured a first ever title for the club .
Waterford
Minor and under-21
O'Halloran first lined out for Waterford as a member of the minor team during the 2008 Munster Championship . They made their first appearance on 25 June when they scored 0-02 from left wing-forward in a 4-13 to 1-06 defeat by Cork .
O'Halloran was also eligible for the minor grade in 2009 . They were at centre-forward when Waterford qualified for a Munster final-meeting with Tipperary on 12 July . O'Halloran scored a point from play and collected a Munster Championship medal following the 0-18 to 1-13 victory .
On 19 July 2012 , O'Halloran made their only appearance for the Waterford under-21 team . They scored a point from right wing-forward in a 2-22 to 0-09 defeat by Clare in the Munster Championship .
Senior
O'Halloran joined the Waterford senior team for the 2010 Munster Championship having just completed their Leaving Certificate . On 11 July , they were an unused substitute when Waterford drew 2-15 apiece with Cork in the Munster final . O'Halloran also started the replay on the bench but was introduced as a 49th-minute substitute for Séamus Prendergast . They scored a point from play and collected a Munster Championship medal following the 1-16 to 1-13 victory .
On 5 February 2011 , O'Halloran lined out at centre-forward when Waterford defeated Cork by 0-21 to 0-16 to win the pre-season Waterford Crystal Cup . In March 2011 , they tore their hamstring tendon and was ruled out for the rest of the season . After returning to the panel in 2012 , O'Halloran tore ligaments in their ankle and missed the entire season for a second successive year . O'Halloran said : `` I suppose I would have had the name of being injury prone but it was actually only two major injuries and they took it out of the body . It was hard to get back on the wagon after them . ''
On 3 May 2015 , O'Halloran was named at right corner-forward but started the game on the bench when Waterford faced Cork in the National League final . They scored a point from play after being introduced as a 58th-minute substitute for Colin Dunford and collected a winners ' medal following the 1-24 to 0-17 victory . On 12 July 2015 , O'Halloran was an unused substitute when Waterford were beaten for the fourth time in six seasons by Tipperary in the 2015 Munster final .
On 1 May 2016 , O'Halloran was introduced as a 63rd-minute substitute for Austin Gleeson when Waterford drew 0-22 apiece with Clare in the National League final . They also started the replay on the bench but once again scored a point after being introduced as a substitute in the replay , which Waterford lost by 1-23 to 2-19 . On 10 July , O'Halloran came on as a substitute for Pauric Mahony in the 60th minute of the Munster final , with Waterford eventually losing by 5-19 to 0-13 .
On 3 September 2017 , O'Halloran was named on the bench when Waterford faced Galway in the All-Ireland final . They came on as a 48th-minute substitute for Jake Dillon at left wing-forward and scored a point from play in the 0-26 to 2-17 defeat .
O'Halloran played their last game for Waterford on 8 June 2019 in a 2-30 to 2-17 defeat by Cork in the Munster Championship . They announced their retirement from inter-county hurling two days later .
Career statistics
Honours
Clasjmore-Kinsalebeg
Waterford Intermediate Football Championship ( 1 ) : 2010
Waterford Minor Football Championship ( 1 ) : 2009 ( c )
Waterford
Munster Senior Hurling Championship ( 1 ) : 2010
National Hurling League ( 1 ) : 2015
Waterford Crystal Cup ( 1 ) : 2011
Munster Minor Hurling Championship ( 1 ) : 2009
References
1991 births
Living people
Waterford inter-county hurlers
Clashmore-Kinsalebeg hurlers
Clashmore-Kinsalebeg Gaelic footballers
Dual players
Cabin B-13 can refer to a radio play by John Dickson Carr broadcast in the United Kingdom and United States or to an old-time radio mystery anthology series by Carr , broadcast in the United States only
Radio Play
Diana Powell , in 100 American Crime Writers , wrote : Cabin B-13 is the harrowing tale of a new bride who boards an ocean liner for their honeymoon only to find out the groom has disappeared and that the ship 's crew doubt their existence and their sanity . Them fear over their groom 's whereabouts is heightened by a threat to their inherited wealth and the stress of not being believed .
Cabin B-13 was first broadcast on the American radio program Suspense on March 16 , 1943 , with Ralph Bellamy starring . It was broadcast again on Suspense on November 9 , 1943 , this time co-starring Margo and Philip Dorn . The trade publication Radio Daily reported in its December 26 , 1948 , issue that the play would `` have its third airing over CBS Saturday , December 27 '' — as a standalone program rather than being broadcast as an episode of Suspense . Additionally , the article noted , `` Screen executives on the West Coast will hear Cabin B-13 in a special rebroadcast over KNX , Hollywood , Saturday , January 3 , 4:00-4:30 p.m. in order to weigh its screen possibilities . ''
On September 11 , 1943 , Cabin B-13 was used for the premiere of the British Broadcasting Corporation program Appointment with Fear . Richard J . Hand , in their book Listen in terror : British horror radio from the advent of broadcasting to the digital age , wrote , `` Carr deliberately chose Cabin B-13 [ for the first episode ] as they felt it was their best Suspense play and would be an effective opening for this British series in the American style . ''
Other media
The script was published in the May 1944 issue of Ellery Queen 's Mystery Magazine . The 1953 film Dangerous Crossing was based on Cabin B-13 , as was the 1992 made-for-television movie Treacherous Crossing . As for TV series , the play was presented on Suspense , and on June 26 , 1958 , it was the last story aired on Climax ! . In 1959 , it was presented as an episode of The Unforeseen on Canada 's CBC Television .
Radio Series
The Cabin B-13 radio program was broadcast on CBS July 5 , 1948 - January 2 , 1949 . It went on the air as a replacement for Arthur Godfrey 's Talent Scouts and was replaced by It Pays to Be Ignorant .
Format
Cabin B-13 comprised stories told by Dr. John Fabian , surgeon on the luxury liner Maurevania while it was docked somewhere in the world . Vincent Terrace , in Radio Programs , 1924-1984 : A Catalog of More Than 1800 Shows , described Fabian as `` a man who has traveled many thousands of miles and has seen many things . '' They kept a journal of their experiences and related a different story , sometimes of mystery and sometimes of adventure - to listeners each episode .
Personnel
Arnold Moss played Dr. Fabian , the program 's storyteller , except for four episodes in which Alan Hewitt had that role . John Dietz was the director , and Merle Kendrick ( episodes 1-11 ) and Alfredo Antonioni ( episodes 12-23 ) provided the music .
Publication
The scripts of the series are due to be published by Crippen and Landru in 2019–2020 with an introduction and notes by Douglas G. Greene and Tony Medawar .
References
External links
Logs
Partial log of Cabin B-13 episodes from The Digital Deli Too
Partial log of Cabin B-13 episodes from RadioGOLDINdex
Script
Cabin B-13 script as broadcast on Suspense November 9 , 1943 , from Generic Radio Workshop Script Library
Streaming
Cabin B-13 episodes in Old Time Radio Researchers Group Library
Cabin B-13 from November 9 , 1943 on Suspense at the Internet Archive
1948 radio programme debuts
1949 radio programme endings
CBS Radio programs
1940s American radio programs
American radio dramas
Radio programs adapted into films
José Ricardo Alvarado Alberto ( born May 23 , 1980 , in San Salvador , El Salvador ) is a retired Salvadoran professional footballer .
Club career
Second Division years
Alvarado started their career at Municipal de San Salvador , and joined fellow capital outfit Telecom FC in 1997 .
They then moved to Coca-Cola and stayed with them for seven years , experiencing their change of name to Independiente Nacional 1906 and the merger with Independiente de San Vicente , which eventually saw them clinch promotion to the Primera División de Fútbol de El Salvador in 2006 .
Alvarado only made their debut at the top in El Salvador at 26 years .
Isidro Metapán
In 2007 , they signed with Isidro Metapán . With Isidro Metapán , Alvarado won the Apertura 2008 , Clausura 2009 , Clausura 2010 , Apertura 2010 and Apertura 2011 . Also they lost the Clausura 2012 final against Águila .
UES
Alvarado signed with UES for the Apertura 2013 . Their debut was a 2–3 defeat against Isidro Metapán in the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez . In August 2014 , Alvarado scored in a 5–1 victory against Juventud Independiente in the Complejo Municipal de San Juan Opico .
In October 2014 , Alvarado scored another goal in a 2–2 draw against FAS in the Estadio Óscar Quiteño .
With the scarlet team , Alvarado experienced an administrative , economic and sports crisis , with severe delays in salary payments . In March 2015 , Alvarado announced that they would retire from professional football .
Atlético Marte
However , despite announcing their retirement , Alvarado signed with Atlético Marte for the Apertura 2015 tournament . With the team of San Salvador , Alvarado experienced a sport , economic and institutional crisis . In April 2016 , Alvarado left the team . Atlético Marte ended up descending to Segunda División in the Clausura 2016 .
International career
Alvarado received their first call up to the national team in December 2008 .
They officially received their first cap on February 1 , 2009 , in a UNCAF Nations Cup match against Honduras ( 0–1 defeat ) .
Honours
Primera División de Fútbol de El Salvador : 5
Apertura 2008 , Clausura 2009 , Clausura 2010 , Apertura 2010 , Apertura 2011
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from San Salvador
Association football central defenders
Salvadoran footballers
El Salvador international footballers
A.D. Isidro Metapán footballers
2009 UNCAF Nations Cup players
Sandia Crest , also known locally as Sandia Peak or simply as the Crest , is a mountain ridge that , at , is the highpoint of the Sandia–Manzano Mountains , and is located in the Sandia Mountains of Bernalillo County , New Mexico , United States . Instead of a true summit or topographic peak , this range climbs to a long ridge line . To the east , the range slopes down from the Crest and merges into the plains below . On the west side of the Crest is a cliff ; the range dramatically drops over in elevation over of horizontal distance to the Rio Grande Valley and city of Albuquerque below . It is within the Sandia Ranger District of the Cibola National Forest . The Crest features a viewing area with a shop and visitor center , telecommunications transmitters , the popular La Luz Trail , the Sandia Mountain Wilderness , and the summit of Sandia Peak Ski Area and the Sandia Peak Tramway , which is the longest aerial tramway in the Americas .
Etymology
Sandia Crest is named for its host range , the Sandia Mountains . Sandía means `` watermelon '' in Spanish , and is popularly believed to be a reference to the reddish color of the mountains at sunset . Also , when viewed from the west , the profile of the mountains is a long ridge , with a thin zone of green conifers near the top , suggesting the `` rind '' of the watermelon . However , as Robert Julyan notes : `` the most likely explanation is the one believed by the Sandia Puebloans : the Spaniards , when they encountered the Pueblo in 1540 , called it Sandia , because they thought the squash gourds growing there were watermelons , and the name Sandia soon was transferred to the mountains east of the pueblo . `` ,
The earliest recorded use of `` Sandia Peak '' seems to have been from local retired lawyer and skier Robert Nordhaus , who founded La Madera Ski Area in the mountains in 1936 . Nordhaus installed the first chairlift to the Crest in 1962 , and for the '62–63 ski season , they opened the resort as Sandia Peak Ski Area and applied the name to the summit , a southern spur of the Crest . When Nordhaus opened the tram in 1966 , the tram also took the name of `` Sandia Peak '' .
Description
Sandia Crest is a long ridgeline at the highpoint of the Sandia Mountains . The Crest is heavily forested , mostly with spruce and fir . There are communication radio antennae of various radio and television stations situated at the top .
Located on the Crest at the western terminus of Sandia Crest Rd ( NM 536 ) is a scenic viewing area , the Sandia Crest House , which includes a gift shop , café , visitor center , plaza , parking lot , restrooms , and informational plaques .
Located at the southern spur of the Crest is the summit of Sandia Peak Ski Area . The ski summit is dubbed `` Sandia Peak '' , and features a fine-dining restaurant , TEN 3 ( stylized as 10|3 ) , named for the elevation it is situated at , `` ten-three '' ( ) . Chairlifts # 1-3 service the Crest .
The ski resort also features the Sandia Peak Tramway which takes riders on a 15 minute `` flight '' from the eastern edge of Albuquerque to Sandia Peak . It is the longest aerial tramway in the Americas , and was the longest in the world from 1966 to 2010 . It features the worlds third-longest single span .
The Kiwanis Cabin , the ruins of the cabin of the Kiwanis Group of the Civilian Conservation Corps , is located on the Crest between the Sandia Crest House and the ski resort , and is a popular site with hikers . The La Luz Trail connects the Crest to the city , and the Grand Enchantment Trail traverses the crest from north to south .
History
In 1819 , then Governor of Santa Fe de Nuevo México Facundo Melgares established a land grant in the mountains , including the town of San Miguel de Carnuel and the San Antonio Pueblo . The land grant used Sandia Crest as its western boundary .
In 1927 , the US Forest Service completed a dirt road to Sandia Crest . The roadway was paved in 1960 to improve access to La Madera Ski Area , built in 1936 by Robert Nordhaus ( a retired lawyer and father of Nobel Prize-winning economist William Nordhaus ) and famous balloonist Ben Abruzzo . The new road turned `` several hours of potholes and mud to an easy 45 minute drive '' to the resort . In 1962 Nordhaus changed the name of the resort to Sandia Peak Ski Area , the first recorded use of `` Sandia Peak '' .
In 1930 , the Kiwanis Group of the Civilian Conservation Corps built a stone cabin on the crest in pueblo-style architecture , overlooking the Rio Grande Valley . The ruins of the cabin are today a popular site with hikers .
in 1962 , regional forester Fred H. Kennedy drafted a recreational use plan that would have dramatically developed the Sandia Mountain Wilderness for primarily recreational use . Included with the plan was Skyline Drive , a scenic highway that would have run for about from La Madera Ski Area in the south , along the crest line to U.S. Route 85 west of Placitas , a stretch now served by New Mexico State Road 165 via Capulin Canyon . The Albuquerque Wildlife and Conservation Association , the New Mexico Department of Game and Fish , and the New Mexico Mountain Club had all registered their opposition by to the plan in 1965 . Also included with the plan were roadside recreation areas and three aerial tramways . The routing for Skyline Drive was adjusted twice at an August 8 , 1966 public meeting , and by autumn of 1969 , of forest along the crest was cleared for the new road . Alarmed locals started a campaign which included postcards and petitions , and successfully halted construction . Author James A. Morris wrote of the construction of the road :
The scar from the road clearing is still visible on the ground and in satellite images as of 2021 .
In 1964 , Nordhaus was inspired to build an aerial tramway from Albuquerque to the Crest after seeing other trams during a trip to Europe . Bell Engineering of Lucerne , Switzerland , was contracted to design and construct the tramway . Construction lasted two years , and was aided by over 5,000 helicopter trips . Testing took an additional 60 days . It entered service on May 7 , 1966 .
In 2006 , the city of Albuquerque celebrated its tricentennial , and installed a display of 300 high-power LED lamps atop the Crest . The display remained on the Crest for 18 months , from April 23 , 2005 to October 6 , 2006 .
In 2017 , the US Forest Service adopted plans outlined in the Sandia Peak Ski Co. 's 2016 master plan for a `` Four Seasons Activity Area '' at the Crest , including a food service yurt , two ziplines , and a mountain coaster ( a type of tracked sled ride ) , to be built in the summer of 2022 . When finished , it will provide additional year-around recreation at the ski resort . The coaster will have a station near the tramway terminal on the Crest . It will be the first mountain coaster in New Mexico and the southernmost in the US .
Geology
The Sandia Mountains are a fault block range , on the eastern edge of the Rio Grande rift Valley . The Sandias were uplifted in the last ten million years as part of the formation of the Rio Grande rift . They form the eastern boundary of the Albuquerque Basin . The tilting of the block is most obvious from the Crest since it slopes down gently to the east and drops of dramatically to the west . The Crest consists mainly of an outcrop of limestone overlaying the Sandia granite , with a radiometric age of 300±12 Ma .
Ecology
Sandia Crest is located in the Cibola National Forest 's Sandia Ranger District . Hudsonian Life Zone coniferous forest dominates the flora present at the Crest . Tree species present on the crest include Engelmann spruce , white fir , and ponderosa pine .
Fauna that frequent the crest include elk , mule deer , New Mexico black bears , raccoons , ring-tailed cats , bobcats , and various species of squirrel . Birds present include bald eagles , Steller 's jays , pinyon jays , various finches , and canyon wrens
Climbing
Sandia Crest is a popular rock climbing destination . Named climbing structures include the Shield , the Needle , and the Thumb .
See also
List of mountain peaks of New Mexico
Sandia Mountains
Manzano Mountains
References
External links
Landforms of Bernalillo County , New Mexico
Mountains of New Mexico
Religious places of the indigenous peoples of North America
Landforms of Sandoval County , New Mexico
Hiking trails in New Mexico
Mountains of Bernalillo County , New Mexico
Mountains of Cibola County , New Mexico
Wabash is an impact crater on Mars . The crater was named after the town of Wabash , Indiana , United States , by IAU in 1976 .
References
Impact craters on Mars
The Catholic Times may refer to :
The Catholic Times ( UK and Ireland ) , a weekly newspaper in the United Kingdom and Ireland
The Catholic Times ( Wisconsin ) , a publication by the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse in La Crosse , Wisconsin
The Catholic Times , a former publication by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Columbus in Columbus , Ohio
Catholic Times , a publication by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Springfield , Illinois
is a train station in Fuchū , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1938
The pavonine quetzal ( Pharomachrus pavoninus ) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae , the trogons . It is also known at the peacock trogon , red-billed train bearer , or viuda pico rojo in Spanish . The pavonine quetzal lives in the Neotropics , more specifically in the northern region of the Amazon basin , spreading from Colombia to Bolivia . The most notable characteristics helpful in identifying this bird are its plumage , red beak ( male ; females have grey bills ) , and its distribution - it is the only quetzal occupying the lowland rainforest east of the Andes .
Taxonomy
The pavonine quetzal belongs to the Trogon family ( Trogonidae ) that falls in Trogoniformes , which differ from other birds primarily by the unique toe arrangement . As opposed to woodpeckers ( family Picidae ) who have the first and fourth toe facing backwards , trogons have the first and second toe positioned posteriorly , while the third and fourth remain anterior to the foot . Their toe arrangement makes them poorly suited for walking or hopping , and so trogons are most commonly seen flying or perched below canopy level . Some species , like the endangered resplendent quetzal have evolved some elaborate ornamental feathers , exemplifying how most of the species in this family have avoided developed to become the best fliers . Trogons generally fly for short periods of time , and use quick , undulating wingbeats to move them from one perch to the next . Among other things , their inefficient flying limits them to migrate short distances , if at all . However , we find trogons across the globe in a pan-tropical distribution , from roughly 35°N to 35°S , and spanning all the way from sea level up to 3500m in elevation . Across this elevational gradient , different species occupy the various habitats , though all species are primarily frugivores , insectivores , or a combination of the two .
Within the trogon family , there are two subfamilies : Apaloderminae , or African trogons ( example genus : Apaloderma ) ; and Trogoninae , or non-African trogons . In the non-African trogons , the two front toes are always at least partially fused , which serves them like spades in excavation of nesting sites . P. pavoninus falls within the tribe Trogonini , which only includes the new world trogons and the quetzals . A few other defining characteristics of this tribe include physical descriptors such as uniform and iridescent green to blue head , throat , upper breast and upper parts ; and contrasting red to yellow underparts ; as well as a colourful , bare eye ring ; a serrated or notched upper mandible near the tip of the bill only ; and in females and juveniles , the presence of noticeable black and white patterns on the three outer pairs of tail feathers ( rectrices ) .
While different molecular markers lead to debate about the basal relationship of trogons , the most common resulting phylogenies indicate that the African trogons are basal to the Indomalayan and Neotropical trogons , and the latter two are likely sister taxa . Additionally , the Trogonini appear almost certainly to be monophyletic . In other studies , the phylogeny produces similar relationships , placing the African trogons basally , followed by the Indomalayan trogons , then the quetzals , and finally the new world trogons .
Quetzals , genus Pharomachrus , distinguish themselves from other new world trogons by two main morphological traits . First , the absence of serrations on maxilla , having a simple notch near the tip of the bill instead , in addition to an undulating margin of the mandible . Second , their nostrils rest closer together , and partially hide beneath an overhanging operculum . Quetzals weigh in relatively heavy around 150 to 250g , and they feed primarily on fruit . Male quetzals also have four noticeably elongated and iridescent feathers ( specifically , two pairs of middle upper-tail coverts ) that often meet or reach slightly beyond the tail .
Description
Like many other quetzals , pavonine quetzals are fairly brilliantly coloured , exhibiting some sexual dichromatism , with the females being noticeable duller than the males . Overall , they resemble most closely the golden-headed quetzal ( Pharomachrus auriceps ) .
Male description
Feathers of the back , breast , median wing coverts , rump and upper tail coverts are all iridescent green with a black base and some that are edged with bronze . The feathers on the head give a golden brown to golden green appearance , while the belly stands out as a brilliant red . The remaining feathers on the wings ( remiges : primaries , secondaries ; greater wing coverts ) , rectrices , and thighs are all black . The bill recalls the red of the belly , and yellows to the tip . Finally , the iris is reddish to brownish , while the legs and toes are yellowish to brownish .
In this species , the nape feathers rather than the forehead feathers form a bristly crest . Additionally , the lore feathers are of normal length ( i.e . not elongated ) . At the wing , the upper wing coverts grow moderately long and pointed , reaching over the primaries . At the tail , the longest of the upper tail coverts grow long and pointed , extending to or slightly beyond the rectrices , covering them almost entirely . The rectrices , on the other hand , grow rounded at the tips and taper in length along the three outer pairs , while the six inner pairs grow to a more blunt or truncated end .
Female description
Similar to male , with most significant differences in the brilliance of the plumage , more buff colouring , and patterned tails . The head becomes brown or greyish , and the bill is much more grey bill with a black tip ( LEBBIN ) . The tips of the wing feathers turn much more buff , and the abdomen develops into more of a brownish red . The rectrices have an alternating bar pattern of black and white , and the upper tail coverts are shorter than in males .
Distribution and habitat
Distribution
The pavonine quetzal resides year-round in the Amazon basin . Its range crosses the borders of Brazil and Venezuela , southeastern Colombia , eastern Ecuador and Peru , and northern Bolivia . More specifically , it is found in the states of Amazonas and Bolívar in Venezuela , Amazonas and Roraima in Brazil , Beni and Pando in Bolivia , to name a few . In terms of geographical features , the pavonine quetzal seems to avoid the Tapajós River in the southeast , the Orinoco River in the north and the Andes in the West . Overall , the bulk of their distribution resides within 10°N and 15°S .
Habitat
The pavonine quetzal is the only quetzal found in the lowland rain forests of South America east of the Andes . Specifically , its preferred habitat seems to be the terra firme forests found in the Amazon basin and surrounding areas . Within the forest , it appears relatively restricted to the lower and middle understory of the forest ranging anywhere between 250m and 1200m elevation . Other sources place this quetzal at lower elevations , ranging from sea level to 700m . Regardless , they remain highly arboreal , only occasionally coming down to the forest floor .
In comparison , they fill a similar ecological role as golden-headed quetzals , who occupy the montane forests to the north and west .
Behaviour
The pavonine quetzal remains a poorly studied species , meaning that much is unknown about the species in terms of behaviour . A few studies include this quetzal in bird inventories , but rarely go more in depth about the ecology and behaviour of the bird .
Diet
Like most quetzals , P. pavoninus is primarily a frugivore . A study looking at the stomach contents of nine specimens of this bird found that eight birds had solely eaten various fruits , whereas the other one had consumed a mixture of fruits and arthropods . Other researchers observed similar behaviour , classifying them as frugivores . In 2007 , a short report documented the feeding behaviour of a couple and their newborn . About half the juvenile 's diet consisted of tree frogs shortly after hatching , while the other half was reserved for variously shaped , sized and coloured fruit . Specifically , the tree frogs seemed to belong to two genera only : Hyla and Phyllomedusa , while the fruits came mostly from Lauraceae ( near half ) , followed by Euterpe precatoria ( Arecaceae ) , Iryanthera sp . ( Myristicaceae ) , Pouteria sp . ( Sapotaceae ) , Guatteria and Unonopsis sp . ( Annonaceae ) , and Tetragastris sp . ( Burseraceae ) in decreasing order of importance . Over the few weeks it took to fledge the youngling , the parents increased the proportion of fruit in the neonate 's diet .
Vocalisations
Quetzal vocalizations quite simple in form , loud , and repetitive . While a few variations exist on how to spell out the call of pavonine quetzals , their vocalizations resembles a descending whistle ( « ew ewwo ewwo ewwo ewwo » ) , followed by a « chok » note . The birds will repeat this call around four times in ten seconds , and composes the bulk of their known vocalizations . They also produce an alarm call described as a chattering « wa op-op-op-op » , much like that of woodpecker . Finally , juveniles are only able to produce a short « ow » call .
These calls arguably do not vary from one sex to the other , and are especially during mating season . For example , males seem to repeatedly call to advertise their location after finding a suitable nesting site .
Reproduction and life history
There is a sufficient gap in knowledge about the breeding behaviour of pavonine quetzals ( and many other trogons ) , especially concerning visual and vocal displays . As a general trend , however , it seems that breeding involves courtship chasing , some combination of perched and aerial visual displays , some reciprocated vocal displays . These birds also appear to be monogamous , and work together to excavate the nest . They choose to nest sites in rotting trees , old woodpecker holes , termataria , or vespiaries , and provide little to no lining . Reported suspected nests range from 4 - 9m above ground level . The only confirmed reporting of pavonine quetzal nesting describes the nest as a hollow , mostly bare cavity deep enough to hide both adults , with circular to wedge shaped entrance . The report also accounts the clutch contained two eggs , which is typical of this group . The eggs were pale blue , with a few light brown speckles . The eggs weighed between 8.5g and 13.5g , and measured 27.6 - 28.1mm by 31.5 - 32.4mm .
As for distribution of the roles , both sexes participated in incubation . The males seem to incubate during the day , from around 10AM until sunset ( near 6PM ) , while the females incubate overnight and in the early morning . Incubation lasts at least 14–17 days . Once the eggs have hatched , adult occupation of the nest decreases rapidly , where mostly the male makes food deliveries for the young , though both parents attend the young . The nestlings are altricial , and depend heavily on the parents for food , even after they have fledged . Nestling lasts around 21 days , and fledging continue to be dependant for up to two months . Until then , the parents feed them on the ground or low branches . During this period , chicks are most vulnerable to predators , such as raptors , snakes and squirrels .
Their plumage takes a few weeks to fully grow out , starting out as a mixture of down-like feathers , pin feathers , and short tawny feathers , and eventually growing out their full juvenile plumage . Initially , they look fairly different than their adult counterparts , with noticeable colour differences in feathers and other tissues . For males , we suspect that young males take up to three years to grow their full length plumage .
References
External links
Pavonine quetzal photos and songs on Xeno-canto
Pavonine quetzal photos from the Macaulay Library and Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Handbook of Birds of the World : Pavonine Quetzal
Cornell Lab of Ornithology Neotropical Birds page on the Pavonine Quetzal
Oiseaux.net page on the Pavonine Quetzal
Pavonine quetzal photo gallery VIREO
pavonine quetzal
Birds of the Amazon Basin
pavonine quetzal
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The South American Under-20 Women 's Football Championship ( Spanish : Campeonato Sudamericano Sub-20 Femenino ) is an international association football competition for women 's national teams . It is held every two years for South American players under the age of 20 and serves as a qualification tournament for the FIFA U-20 Women 's World Cup . In its inaugural year , 2004 , it was played by U-19 players .
The last edition was held in 2022 in Chile . Brazil has won all the competitions with 9 titles in total .
For the 2002 and 2004 FIFA U-19 Women 's World Championship , South America was given one qualification spot . In 2002 Brazil and Peru played a two legged play-off for one spot allocated to South America . Brazil won 12–0 on aggregate . Since 2006 South America has been given two spots for the now-renamed FIFA U-20 Women 's World Cup . In this tournament , Brazil has reached the third-place match three times and Colombia reached the third-place match in 2010 . Argentina has been eliminated from the group stage for all three of their appearances ; Paraguay and Chile were eliminated from the group stage in their only appearance .
Results
Notes
Performances by countries
Participating nations
Legend
– Champions
– Runners-up
– Third place
– Fourth place
GS – Group stage
— Hosts
Top scorers
The topscorers of the tournaments were :
FIFA World Cup qualification and results
QF = World Cup quarter-final
GS = World Cup group stage
Q = Qualified to World Cup
See also
South American Under-17 Women 's Football Championship
References
External links
Championship results at the RSSSF
CONMEBOL competitions for women 's national teams
Under-20 association football
Recurring sporting events established in 2004
South American youth sports competitions
Stargunner is a horizontally scrolling shooter for the Atari 2600 written by Alex Leavens and published by Telesys in 1982 . Leavens also worked on ports of Gorf and Crazy Climber for the 2600 , released by CBS and Atari , Inc. , respectively .
Reception
Video Games Player magazine , in the August/September 1983 issue , called Stargunner `` a better than average outer space shoot-'em-up game . ''
References
External links
Atari 2600 games
Atari 2600-only games
1982 video games
Horizontally scrolling shooters
Video games developed in the United States
Fay , Spofford & Thorndike ( FST ) was a privately held company that provided civil and transportation , structural , water/wastewater and building systems engineering services to a variety of public- and private-sector clients for more than 100 years . The firm ceased operating as an independent entity when Stantec , one of North America 's largest engineering firms , acquired FST , on October 30 , 2015 .
History
Fay , Spofford & Thorndike was founded in June 1914 by three engineers with ties to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) . Frederic H. Fay served on many boards and in numerous industry leadership roles , including as the national chairperson of the American Institute of Consulting Engineers ( AICE ) . This is the organization that spawned the American Council of Engineering Companies ( ACEC ) . Charles M. Spofford was an MIT professor and the author of the work on modern structural engineering , The Theory of Structures . Sturgis M. Thorndike , who graduated with a BA from Harvard and a BS from MIT , left their position as Boston City Engineer to join Fay and Spofford in their new venture .
One of the firm 's first projects was for the City of Fall River , Massachusetts . The resulting report issued in 1915 , `` Report of the Watuppa Ponds and Quequechan River Commission '' , advised the city how to rectify a serious pollution issue in its major waterways . This report has been recognized as an important document in the advancement of water pollution treatment and control . The National Center for Biotechnology Information features an article based on the report that appeared in the American Journal of Public Health .
Notable projects
The bulk of FST 's notable projects are in the Northeastern United States . These include the original Champlain Bridge ( completed in 1929 ) , the Memorial Bridge in Springfield , the Bourne Bridge and Sagamore Bridge over the Cape Cod Canal ( completed in 1937 ) , multiple projects for The Big Dig in Boston , and the Runway 33L End Safety Project at Logan Airport .
At the time of the acquisition , FST was working on the study for the Third Cape Cod Canal Crossing .
References
Engineering companies of the United States
1914 establishments in Massachusetts
Santa Monica ( also known as Saint Monica ) is an Art Deco sculpture by Eugene Morahan , installed in Santa Monica , California 's Palisades Park , in the United States . The work was completed in 1934 and dedicated on May 4 , 1935 .
The cement sculpture is approximately 10 feet tall and rests on a concrete base which is approximately 6 feet tall . The work was surveyed by the Smithsonian Institution 's 'Save Outdoor Sculpture ! ' program in 1994 .
See also
List of public art in Santa Monica , California
References
External links
1934 sculptures
1935 establishments in California
Concrete sculptures in California
Outdoor sculptures in Santa Monica , California
Sculptures of women in California
Statues in California
The Big Date is an American dating show hosted by Mark L. Walberg , which aired on the USA Network from June 17 , 1996 to September 19 , 1997 . Notably , the series featured a young Jon Hamm as a contestant on one episode . Susan Powter and Hank Steinberg also appeared as participants .
Round 1
One bachelor/bachelorette chose one of three members of the opposite sex to try & hook up with . Host Walberg asked up to three questions to the potential couple , all of which have two choices marked `` A '' or `` B '' . They made their choice individually by pressing a button corresponding to one of those letters ( in earlier episodes , there were hands marked with those letters ) . The objective was to match their answers , and it took two matches to become a couple . If the possible couple mis-matched twice , they sat back at their own chairs . Along the way ( after one match ) , one player could stay with the current possible mate , trade one possible mate for another , or can choose to take the `` mystery man '' / '' mystery woman '' ( whoever was behind a door on either side of the set ) . Sometimes when choosing the door , out would come Bert Dinkel ( in case of the guy , they became Fern Dinkel ) ; if that happened , that player was out of the game and another player stepped in . As soon as two players made the two matches , they became a couple and they moved on to round two . As soon as two couples were formed , that is when round two began .
Round 2 ( Me or Not Me )
The two formed couples played the next round to see who 's more compatible than the other . Host Walberg read a series of statements in which the answers were always either `` Me '' or `` Not Me '' . A typical question would go like this : `` Me or Not Me , I 've eaten a bug . '' or like this `` Me or Not Me , I never got along with my parents . '' Like in the first round , the idea was to match answers with each other and the couple with the most matches won the game and advanced to the bonus round .
Bonus Round
In the bonus round , host Walberg read true/false questions to the winning couple and each correct answer won $ 50 .
The bonus went through two different formats in its year-plus-long run .
Format 1
In the first format , Mark read six true/false statements about the mates and their behaviors ( three for each mate ) , the mates themselves replied to those questions before the show . Now it is up to the partner to guess if the statement is either true or false . After the partner gave his/her answer , the mate whom the question was about announced the answer he/she gave beforehand . A correct match earned the couple $ 50 and matching on four questions invited the couple back on Friday 's show for a trip to Jamaica .
Friday Jamaica Drawing
On Friday shows , the couples who made the required four matches were entered in a drawing . Their names were put into a hat and whoever couple 's names were drawn first won the Jamaican vacation .
Format 2
In this bonus format , host Walberg gave statements about dating . Some were real facts , some were from opinion polls , others were just made up . On each statement , the couple decided whether the statement was either true or false . Each correct answer was worth $ 50 and if the couple got six right in 60 seconds or less they won $ 300 and a trip .
References
External links
Official Website ( via Internet Archive )
The Big Date @ usanetwork.com
The Big Date @ pearsontv.com
American game shows
1990s American game shows
1996 American television series debuts
1997 American television series endings
American dating and relationship reality television series
English-language television shows
USA Network original programming
Television shows set in Los Angeles
The Laysan Island class were three salvage craft tenders serving with the United States Navy during World War II . They were converted from landing ship tanks in response to a Commander Service Forces , Pacific Fleet request that for tenders to support salvage vessels during amphibious operations which would carry pumps , air compressors , repair materials and firefighting equipment . They were also to include extra divers on board and repair facilities for the salvage ships . The ships of the class were built as LSTs and modified to tenders during construction at the Jeffersonville Boat and Machine Company .
Ships in class
References
Auxiliary ship classes of the United States Navy
Vandament Glacier ( ) is an east-flowing glacier , 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) long , draining the east-central portion of the Dominion Range icecap . The glacier lies close south of Koski Glacier , whose flow it parallels , and terminates 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northwest of Safety Spur . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Charles H. Vandament , the United States Antarctic Research Program ( USARP ) ionospheric physicist at South Pole Station , 1962 .
Charles H. Vandament ( 08/02/1935- 10/10/2005 ) , known to family and friends as `` Smilin ' Chuck '' , was an engineer and scientist specializing in radio and antenna design . An Electrical Engineering graduate of the University of Arkansas , Mr. Vandament went to work for Collins Radio in Cedar Rapids , Iowa in 1958 , and subsequently retired from Rockwell-Collins in Richardson , Texas in 1992 . They then continued working for Rockwell-Collins as a consultant for another 11 years . A specialist in High Frequency ( HF ) radio transmitter and antenna design , Chuck took an 18 month leave from Collins in 1961 and 1962 to do ionospheric HF radio research at the Amundsen-Scott South Pole station , working for the then National Bureau of Standards , ( now NIST - National Institute of Standards and Technology ) . Although their career with Collins included many significant technical successes and achievements in their field , professionally , they were most proud of the ground-breaking research they conducted during their 13 months wintering-over at `` the Pole '' . Chuck never tired of sharing their unique experiences from their year at the South Pole , and over the next 35 years , they gave hundreds of slide show presentations about Antarctica to fourth grade elementary school classes studying the continent , as well as to dozens of civic and church groups .
A military veteran , Chuck served as a cryptographer and code-breaker with U.S. Army Intelligence .
Glaciers of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Richard Serle ( fl . 1304–1307 ) was an English politician . They were a Member of the Parliament of England for New Shoreham in 1304–05 and 1307 .
References
13th-century births
14th-century deaths
English MPs 1305
English MPs 1307
Elizabeth Danielyan ( Armenian : Էլիզաբեթ Դանիելյան , born 7 March 2003 ) , better known as simply Betty ( Armenian : Բեթթի ) , is an Armenian singer . They represented Armenia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Malta with their song `` People of the Sun '' .
Besides their native Armenian , Betty also speaks Russian and English .
Early life
Elizabeth Danielyan was born on 7 March 2003 . Them birth was the greatest gift for their mother on women 's international day . Being an active and musical child , they attended State Choreographical School since the age of 4 and simultaneously attended college . They went to School N.8 named after A.Pushkin since the age of 6 where they had excellent progress . They attended professional singing classes , individual dancing classes . Betty authored many songs and poems , they also play guitar and drums . In addition to this , Elizabeth attended the National Aesthetical Centre named after Henrik Igityan , where they studied embroidery , origami and drawing , pottery .
Career
Since August 2012 Betty hosted “ The Magnificent Seven with Elizabeth ” on “ Kentron ” TV and “ Alone at home ” on “ H2 ” TV . Betty had experience in hosting from TV broadcasting since their early age for they had often many appearances in “ Hayrenik ” TV channel broadcasting . Betty also received an offer from the most famous Armenian music channel 21TV to host the program `` Betty Show '' . Betty loves to host those programs and to take part in those projects and events ( TV programs , concerts , charity events ) in which there is beauty , knowledge kind goals , high quality .
2012 was an abundant year for Betty not only in terms of TV broadcasting , but also concerts . As a guest they also participated in “ Junior New Wave ” international contest . Elizabeth won many prizes in different contests : `` Kangoroo '' mathematical contest . In summer of 2012 Betty took part in Junior Sports Olympiad which took place in Antalia , and brought with them to Armenia 4 golden medals ( winning their competitors in mini golf , dart and jenga )
In 2013 Betty submitted an application for participation in `` New Wave Junior '' annual song contest and qualified for semifinal ( Moscow ) .
In 2013 Elizabeth Danielyan was named as `` The Best Armenian Junior TV host '' from Armenian Public Radio and TV .
In 2014 Betty decided to submit an application for participating Armenian national selection of Junior Eurovision . From 87 participants Betty won the trip to Malta . Betty represented Armenia In Junior Eurovision 2014 and ended 3rd with only 1 point less from 2nd place 's participant .
In 2014 from Annual National Junior Music Award Betty received a special prize for Representing Armenia in Junior Eurovision .
Social media
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
SoundCloud
Youtube
References
http : //betty.am/about.php
2003 births
21st-century Armenian women singers
Armenian child singers
Junior Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Armenia
Living people
Armenian pop singers
Urgh ! is a Serbian grindcore/alternative rock band from Belgrade .
History
1990s
The band was formed in January 1991 in Belgrade as grindcore quartet . With heavy rotation on bass default members were Dragoslav Ružić `` Guru Ghagi '' ( vocals ) , Ðorđe Smiljanić `` Djolle '' ( guitar ) and Dejan Stanisavljević `` Stanna '' ( drums ) . The band got the name from a typical onomatopoeic word URGH ! frequently used in comicbooks . Their debut recordings , the tracks `` Acid Rain '' and `` Paradise Town '' , appeared on the various artists compilation album Tito nikada više ( Tito Nevermore ) , released by Intermusic in 1992 .
During the same year , they appeared on the split album Yonuss Tape , also featuring the Belgrade girl band PMS , with the prominent tracks `` Acid Rain '' , `` Paradise Town '' , `` Let 's See What You Give '' , `` Zašto vrištiš ? '' ( `` Why Are You Screaming '' ) and `` Deceiver '' , the latter being a cover version of a Napalm Death track , released on compact cassette by Take It Or Leave It Records . The band also recorded a successful promotional video for the song `` Paradise Town '' , which , broadcast on the national television , presented the band to a wider audience .
The following year , the band participated the Armatura performance , featuring Belgrade artists from various spheres , where , on several occasions , the band performed only cover versions and due to the positive reactions to the performance of the Lenny Kravitz song `` Are You Gon na Go My Way '' , the band introduced it into their repertoire . At the time , the line-up stabilized with Igor Štanglicki `` Krrle '' on bass . The band started combining different genres , including rock , rap , noise and techno music , eventually being recorded on their first studio album 9194 in 1995 . The album , available on compact cassette only , got the name 9194 since it featured the material recorded from 1991 until 1994 . Being split on two sides , the A-side called Evergreen , and the B-side called Evergrind , the album , released by Silver Cross Records , featured a guest appearance by the Dead Ideas vocalist Jelena Komnenić on the track `` Kraj '' ( `` The End '' ) .
In November 1995 , the band held acoustic performances at the Belgrade clubs Barutana and KST , featuring the previously released songs in unplugged arrangements performed on acoustic guitars , a violin , an accordion and toys . The recordings from the performances were released on the live album Unplugged . The album was released by Silver Cross Records on compact cassette in a limited edition of 1000 copies and beside their own songs also featured a cover version of The Misfits song `` Mommy '' . The band also participated the Brzi Bendovi Srbije manifestation , getting the band of the year award . During the same year , the songs `` Deep Breathing '' and `` Thirst '' appeared on the various artists compilation Witness Of the 1st Discussion , released by Silver Cross Records .
The second studio album Oesophagus was released by B92 in June 1997 , in a similar musical direction as on the previous release . The album , available on compact cassette only , recorded at the Belgrade studio Focus , on November and December 1996 , featured guest appearance by Viborg Dallas vocalist Ema Vuai and Vrooom vocalist and actor Vladislava Đorđević . Music videos recorded for the tracks `` Kratko & jasno '' ( `` Loud & Clear '' ) , `` Apo pantos kakodaimonos '' and `` Razmena materije '' ( `` Matter Exchange '' ) , beside promoting the album , also served as an evidence of the band activity since they seldom performed live at the time . After the album release , the band held a mini-tour of Slovenia with Jovan Ružić `` Yolefist '' on guitar .
The following year , Guru Ghagi appeared on the Vlada Divljan tracks `` Niko nije srećniji od nas '' ( `` Nobody Is Happier Than Us '' ) , also featuring Šaban Bajramović , and `` Pomoć , pomoć '' ( `` Help , Help '' ) , a cover version of the Idoli debut single , released on the 3 palme za dve bitange i ribicu ( Palm Trees for Two Punks and a Chick ) movie soundtrack . The soundtrack album also featured the URGH ! track `` Duboko disanje '' . The band also appeared on the various artists compilation with live versions of the songs `` Nikad se necu vratiti '' ( `` I Will Never Come Back '' ) and `` Erupcija '' ( `` Eruption '' ) , recorded at the fifth anniversary celebration of the TV Politika show Paket Aranžman ( Package Deal ) held at the Belgrade KST on December 7 , 1996 , and released on the Svi protiv svih ( Everybody Against Everyone ) various artists compilation in 1998 .
In 1999 , the band entered the studio and recorded several new songs : `` Struja '' ( `` Electricity '' ) , Samousavršavanje ( `` Self-improvement '' ) , `` Grč '' ( `` Spasm '' ) and `` Konačno gluv '' ( `` Deaf At Last '' ) , which would appear on the first compact disc release , the compilation album 120 % , featuring a selection of the material released on Unplugged and Oesophagus . The CD was never released although some tapes surfaced in the market and had modest distribution . In the autumn of the same year E-Play member Maja Cvetković took over bass duties and shortly after the drummer Dejan Stanisavljević left the band , being replaced by sampled drum tracks . Thus , the band remained a trio with Yolefist in charge of samples and had another tour of Slovenia .
2000s
In May and June 2000 the band recorded their third studio album Sumo , featuring the songs `` Kašika , viljuška , nož '' ( `` Spoon , Fork , Knife '' ) , promoted with an animated music video , and `` Stigmata '' featuring guest appearance by the hip hop group Beogradski Sindikat . The album , band 's first one to be released on compact disc , was produced by Dragan Milošević `` Krle '' and released by Be Bop Records in 2001 . After the album release , the band ceased to exist . During the same year , their song `` Čekić '' ( `` The Hammer '' ) appeared on the Apsolutnih sto ( Absolute A Hundred ) movie soundtrack , released by Komuna .
In 2009 , Guru Ghagi with Yolefist and E-Play bassist Maja Cvetković reformed the band and started working on a new studio release . During December of the same year , the band had finished the recording sessions for the new studio album entitled Pozorište surovosti ( Theatre of Cruelty ) , featuring the new drummer Siniša Stojanović `` Sinister '' .
2010s
In May 2011 , the band released the studio album Pozorište surovosti ( Theatre of Cruelty ) has been available for free digital download from band 's website . The album was previously announced with the single `` Horoskop laže '' ( `` The Horoscope is Lying '' ) , also available for free download , with a new version of the track from Sumo `` Noć punog meseca '' ( `` Night of the Full Moon '' ) as the single 's B-side '' .
In 2015 , the band recorded a video for the song `` Samousavršavanje '' , originally recorded in 1999 .
Discography
Studio albums
9194 ( 1994 )
Oesophagus ( 1997 )
Sumo ( 2001 )
Pozorište surovosti ( 2011 )
Compilation albums
Yonuss Tape ( split album with PMS , 1992 )
120 % ( 1999 )
Live albums
Unplugged ( 1995 )
Singles
`` Horoskop laže '' ( 2011 )
References
Bibliography
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006 , Janjatović Petar ;
External links
Official blog
URGH ! at MySpace
URGH ! at YouTube
URGH ! at Discogs
URGH ! at Last.fm
URGH ! at Rateyourmusic
Serbian rock music groups
Serbian hardcore punk groups
Serbian alternative rock groups
Serbian experimental musical groups
Serbian noise rock groups
Grindcore musical groups
Musical groups from Belgrade
Musical groups established in 1991
1991 establishments in Serbia
Cary Mullen ( born 2 October 1969 ) is a Canadian former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics .
External links
sports-reference.com
1969 births
Living people
Canadian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Canada
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Robert Keith Stockdale ( born 30 November 1979 ) is a football manager and former professional footballer .
As a player , they were a defender from 1997 to 2012 . They notably played Premier League football for Middlesbrough having also appeared as a professional for Sheffield Wednesday , West Ham United , Rotherham United , Hull City , Darlington and Tranmere Rovers before joining Grimsby Town in 2008 . Stockdale won five international caps for Scotland , all in 2002 .
Towards the end of their playing career , they became Grimsby 's youth team manager and briefly served as caretaker manager . They held this position until 2012 where they took up a similar role with Sunderland . They subsequently moved up to coaching the first team and managed the club three times on a caretaker basis , before they left Sunderland in 2018 . They have since worked as a coach for Hibernian and West Bromwich Albion . In 2021 they took over their first full time managerial position with Rochdale , they were dismissed on 18 August 2022 .
Club career
Middlesbrough
Stockdale began their youth career at Middlesbrough and originally played as a forward . At the age of around 15 they converted to a right back and graduated to Middlesbrough 's senior squad in 1997 . They made over 70 Premier League appearances for Middlesbrough and scored 2 goals in games against Watford and Chelsea , as well as earning five international caps for Scotland . They had several loan spells during their time at Middlesbrough , to clubs such as Sheffield Wednesday and West Ham United .
Rotherham United
In 2004 , Stockdale moved to Rotherham United after a successful loan spell in which they scored once against Burnley . They became an integral part of their defence , but the club and manager Ronnie Moore could not keep hold of Stockdale and several months later , midway through the 2004–05 season they left Rotherham to move to another part of Yorkshire .
Hull City
Stockdale signed for League One side Hull City and played out the season at the KC Stadium , but after the end of the league campaign they lost their place in the squad . After a troubled 2005–06 season when they failed to make a league appearance for Hull .
Tranmere Rovers
Stockdale was signed on a two-year contract by their former Rotherham boss Ronnie Moore for Tranmere Rovers in a £100,000 deal which also brought Kevin Ellison to the club . They made 35 league appearances during their debut season of 2006–07 . Stockdale continued to be first choice at right back during the 2007–08 season , but was released by the club at the end of the campaign .
Grimsby Town
Stockdale signed a two-year deal with Grimsby Town under Alan Buckley in June 2008 and was the first new signing for The Mariners in for the 2008–2009 campaign . They made their debut on 19 July in a pre-season friendly against Oldham Athletic at Blundell Park , and went on to score their first goal in a 2–1 defeat to Morecambe in the FA Cup . By this time Grimsby were under new flight attendantship following the sacking of Buckley in September 2008 , with the club bringing in Mike Newell as their replacement . Following an injury spell in mid season , Stockdale remained on the sidelines for several months while their position was covered by Jamie Clarke . They managed a return to the first team in the closing months of the season and cemented their place at right back , eventually helping The Mariners stave off the threat of relegation from the Football League . During the 2009–2010 season Stockdale suffered a hernia injury that kept them sidelined again for several months and would only see them compete 9 times during that season in which right sided attacking midfielder Peter Bore was deployed as the club 's first choice right back which would eventually see them be awarded the `` Fans Player of the Season '' . Grimsby suffered relegation from the Football League in May 2010 and a month later Stockdale signed a new contract to keep them at Blundell Park for a further season but in the contract was the introduction of Stockdale as the new youth team manager as well as continuing to make themselves available for selection as a player . Grimsby manager Neil Woods handed Stockdale the number 39 shirt for the 2010–2011 Conference National season as cover for Bore and Bradley Wood . On 18 January 2011 Stockdale played their first competitive match in 18 months when they were called upon to start in the 2–1 home win over Kettering Town , the game would be their final competitive match .
International career
Although initially representing England at U21 level , Stockdale earned several call-ups to the Scotland team in 2002 whilst a Premier League regular for Middlesbrough . They were handed their Scotland debut by Berti Vogts in a 2–1 home defeat against Nigeria on 17 April 2002 . In that same year they also played in defeats against Denmark , South Korea and South Africa as well as a 4–0 victory over Hong Kong .
Coaching career
Grimsby Town
In June 2010 Stockdale signed a new deal with The Mariners , where they also became the club 's youth team manager as well as staying on as a player . The club had not appointed a new youth team boss since promoting Neil Woods to first team manager following the sacking of Mike Newell in November 2009 . Stockdale was kept on the playing records as well for the 2010–11 season and was handed a squad number to be used as cover for Peter Bore , Bradley Wood and Dwayne Samuels who were the club 's other contracted players who are capable of playing in Stockdale 's position .
On 4 March 2011 it was announced that Stockdale and assistant manager Dave Moore would take caretaker control of the first team for the home tie with AFC Wimbledon on 5 March , following the sacking of Neil Woods . The game ended in a 2–1 victory for The Mariners in what was Moore 's first managerial match in fifteen years and Stockdale 's first ever game as a manager .
On 23 March 2011 , Stockdale and Moore relinquished managerial duties to the newly appointed duo of Paul Hurst and Rob Scott following 2 victories , 1 draw and 1 defeat . Stockdale continued to manage the youth team at the club until stepping down on 29 August 2012 .
Sunderland
On 29 August 2012 Stockdale became a youth team coach of Premier League side Sunderland . In return Sunderland offered to take their first team squad for a pre-season friendly at Grimsby for the following summer . On 22 September 2013 Stockdale was appointed assistant to caretaker manager Kevin Ball , following the sacking of manager Paolo Di Canio . After Ball stopped working due to injury , Stockdale became the U21 team manager for the 2014–15 season . With four wins out of the final six games of that season , the team finished 4th in the Barclays U21 Premier League , just below Manchester United , Liverpool and Chelsea . Their unbeaten run , starting from March 2015 , continued to the 2015–16 season and came to an end when they lost 0–1 to Reading in August . Stockdale then guided the team to another five wins and one draw against the likes of Manchester City , Southampton and Liverpool , which sent the team to top of the U21 Premier League table . Their victory over Liverpool marks a record of only 1 defeat in 22 games . With the impressive work they did with the U21 team , Stockdale was handed the role of acting head coach of the first team on 6 October 2015 after manager Dick Advocaat left .
Stockdale was promoted to the position of first team coach in October 2015 , following the appointment of manager Sam Allardyce . They were put in caretaker charge of the team , jointly with Billy McKinlay , in November 2017 . After one game in charge , a 1–0 loss against Middlesbrough on 5 November , McKinlay left Sunderland to take a coaching position at West Ham United . Stockdale then oversaw the team as sole caretaker manager for another game , a 2–2 home draw against Millwall on 17 November . Chris Coleman was then appointed manager and Stockdale remained as first team coach . Sunderland were relegated to League One at the end of the 2017–18 season , and Coleman was sacked a week before the last game of the season . Stockdale was given the caretaker role for a third time , and guided the team to a 3–0 home victory against Championship winners Wolves . They left Sunderland on 4 June 2018 after the arrivals of new owners and new manager Jack Ross .
Hibernian
Stockdale was appointed to an assistant coaching position at Scottish Premiership club Hibernian in February 2019 , working with Paul Heckingbottom . Stockdale and Heckingbottom left Hibernian in November 2019 , with the team sitting in 10th place in the league .
West Bromwich Albion
Sam Allardyce recruited Stockdale to be their first team coach at West Bromwich Albion in December 2020 .
Rochdale
On 10 July 2021 , Stockdale was appointed as first team manager of Rochdale .
On 18 August 2022 , Stockdale was dismissed as manager following defeat in their opening four games of the 2022–23 season , with the club routed to the bottom of League Two .
Career statistics
Player
Manager
See also
List of Scotland international footballers born outside Scotland
List of sportspeople who competed for more than one nation
References
External links
1979 births
People from Redcar
Living people
Association football defenders
Scottish footballers
England under-21 international footballers
Scotland B international footballers
Scotland international footballers
Middlesbrough F.C . players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C . players
West Ham United F.C . players
Rotherham United F.C . players
Hull City A.F.C . players
Darlington F.C . players
Tranmere Rovers F.C . players
Grimsby Town F.C . players
Grimsby Town F.C . non-playing staff
Grimsby Town F.C . managers
Sunderland A.F.C . non-playing staff
Sunderland A.F.C . managers
Hibernian F.C . non-playing staff
West Bromwich Albion F.C . non-playing staff
Rochdale A.F.C . managers
Premier League players
English Football League players
National League ( English football ) players
Anglo-Scots
Sportspeople from Yorkshire
English people of Scottish descent
English football managers
Gabriel Dessauer ( born 4 December 1955 ) is a German cantor , concert organist , and academic . They were responsible for the church music at St. Bonifatius , Wiesbaden from 1981 to 2021 , conducting the Chor von St. Bonifatius until 2018 . They are an internationally-known organ recitalist , and was an organ teacher on the faculty of the Hochschule für Musik Mainz . In 1985 , they founded the German-English project choir , Reger-Chor . They have lectured at international conferences , especially about the music of Max Reger , who was a member of the St. Bonifatius parish .
Career
Dessauer was born in Würzburg , the son of Guido Dessauer and their wife Gabrielle . They received their Abitur at the Kolleg St. Blasien in 1974 . They then studied church music at the Richard-Strauss-Konservatorium in Munich for a year , studying organ with Elmar Schloter . From 1975 to 1980 , they studied church music and concert organ at the Musikhochschule München with Diethard Hellmann and . They continued their studies with Franz Lehrndorfer and received the Meisterklassendiplom ( master class diploma ) in 1982 . They were a member of Karl Richter 's Münchener Bach-Chor .
Dessauer was the organist for services at the Kolleg St. Blasien 1971–1974 , then at the Akademie Tutzing for one year and conductor of the choir of the Protestant parish in Tutzing . From 1975–1981 they were cantor of St. Andreas Church , Munich .
Church music at St. Bonifatius , Wiesbaden
Dessauer has been the cantor at St. Bonifatius , Wiesbaden , the central Catholic church in the capital of Hesse , since 1981 . They are the conductor of the 107-member Chor von St. Bonifatius , founded in 1862 , of the children 's choir Kinderchor von St. Bonifatius , and of the Schola for Gregorian chant . The church choir sings at services , including regular orchestral masses by Haydn , Mozart , Beethoven , and Schubert for Christmas and Easter , accompanied by members of the orchestra of the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden , with soloists from the Hochschule für Musik Mainz such as Andreas Karasiak and students . In 2011 they performed the Mass No . 1 in B major by Johann Nepomuk Hummel , and Hans Leo Hassler 's Missa super Dixit Maria in 2012 . On Dessauer 's initiative , the organ built in 1954 was refurbished by Hugo Mayer Orgelbau in 1985 .
Every year , typically on 3 October , German Unity Day , Dessauer has conducted choral concerts of works such as Mendelssohn 's Elias , Ein deutsches Requiem of Brahms , and Verdi 's Messa da Requiem . Both Chor and Kinderchor appeared in performances of Hermann Suter 's Le Laudi ( 1998 and 2007 ) , and in the German premiere of John Rutter 's Mass of the Children in 2004 . In 2006 , Dessauer conducted Karl Jenkins 's Requiem , composed in 2004 . In 2010 , they chose works by Bach , including their Mass in G minor and choral movements from cantatas BWV 140 , BWV 12 , BWV 120 and Wir danken dir , Gott , wir danken dir , BWV 29 . In 2011 they conducted Haydn 's Die Schöpfung . The children 's choir sang along with the soprano .
To celebrate the 150th anniversary of the choir in 2012 , Dessauer commissioned Colin Mawby to compose the Missa solemnis Bonifatius-Messe . Mawby wrote the Mass in 2011 for the forces available at the church ( soprano , choir , children 's choir , oboe and organ ) , and the work was premiered on 3 October 2012 . The organist was Ignace Michiels from St. Salvator 's Cathedral in Bruges , soprano Natascha Jung , and oboist Leonie Dessauer . A second performance took place on 3 November in the Frankfurter Dom , with organist Andreas Boltz . In 2013 they performed Schubert 's Mass No . 6 along with their Unfinished Symphony . The concert of 2014 was John Rutter 's Magnificat .
Dessauer first continued the tradition of the Stunde der Kirchenmusik ( `` hour of church music '' ) monthly concert , and then began a series Boni-Musikwochen instead , grouping choral and organ concerts around a theme within the span of one to two weeks . The Musikwochen 2010 , Reger und mehr ( `` Reger and more '' ) , presented concerts given by Kent Tritle and Ignace Michiels , among others .
Dessauer appeared with the Chor von St. Bonifatius in Azkoitia and San Sebastián on a Cavaillé-Coll-organ ( 1986 ) at both churches , at the Limburg Cathedral ( 1987 ) , in St. Jakobus , Görlitz ( 1990 ) , and in Memphis , Tennessee ( 1996 ) . They appeared in Rome in 2008 , when they performed Vivaldi 's Gloria and Haydn 's Nelson Mass in San Paolo dentro le Mura in concert , and sang during mass at St. Peter 's Basilica .
Organ recitals
Dessauer has appeared in recitals in Europe and the U.S. , at the Washington National Cathedral and St. Patrick 's Cathedral , New York . They played the Kotzschmar organ at the Merrill Auditorium in Portland , Maine , and in the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels in Los Angeles . In 2004 , they lectured at the National Convention of the American Guild of Organists in Los Angeles on the choral music of Max Reger , who was a member of the parish of St. Bonifatius while they studied and lived in Wiesbaden . In 2005 , Dessauer played at the Spreckels Organ Pavilion in San Diego . In 2010 , they gave a recital at St. Ignatius Loyola , New York .
Since 1992 , Dessauer has conducted events for the Rheingau Musik Festival called the Orgeltour ( organ tour ) , visiting historic organs in the region . The first tours covered historic organs of the Rheingau ; later ones extended to the cathedrals of Worms and Speyer , Würzburg , and Fulda .
Until 2010 , Dessauer played a regular concert on New Year 's Eve on the Walcker organ at the Marktkirche , Wiesbaden , together with church organist Hans Uwe Hielscher . To celebrate the bicentenary of Franz Liszt 's birth in 2011 , they played three major organ works by the composer on instruments that were built around the time of the compositions , Fantasy and Fugue on the Theme B-A-C-H , Variations on Bach 's `` Weinen , Klagen '' ( 1863 ) , and Fantasy and Fugue on the chorale Ad nos ad salutarem undam .
In 2014 , Dessauer toured in the US , playing concerts at the Washington National Cathedral , at St. Mary 's Cathedral in San Francisco , California , and at the Salt Lake Tabernacle organ in Salt Lake City .
In 2020 , Dessauer organised the Winterspiele concert series to honour the 150th anniversary of Louis Vierne , playing their Third Organ Symphony , among others , in the summer instead of winter because the planned concert was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic .
Dessauer retired at the end of 2021 , succeeded by Johannes Schröder .
Teaching
From 1995 to 2013 , Dessauer was an organ teacher at the Hochschule für Musik Mainz , part of the Gutenberg University in Mainz .
Reger-Chor
In 1985 , Dessauer invited singers to form a choir to perform a single work , the Hebbel-Requiem of Max Reger in the organ version by the Munich organist and composer Max Beckschäfer . The name Reger-Chor was chosen in 1988 , when the next project was dedicated to the German premiere of Joseph Jongen 's Missa op . 111 . Later projects included one of the first performances in Germany of Rutter 's Requiem , recorded on the Reger-Chor 's first CD in 1990 . In 2001 an international collaboration began with the organist Ignace Michiels , bringing together an almost equal number of singers from Flanders and the Rhein-Main Region to perform an annual concert both in Germany and Belgium . In 2003 they conducted the premiere of the organ version of Reger 's Der 100 . Psalm by François Callebout .
In addition to works by Reger , Dessauer chose rarely-performed church music by composers such as Herbert Howells , Benjamin Britten , Herbert Sumsion , Maurice Duruflé , Edward Elgar , Frederick Delius , William Lloyd Webber , Jules Van Nuffel , Joseph Ryelandt , Andrew Carter , Kurt Hessenberg , Rupert Lang , Morten Lauridsen , and Eric Whitacre . In 2015 they conducted Bach 's Missa of 1733 in B-minor in the newly-edited parts for the Dresden court , with members of the orchestra of the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden .
Choral projects
In 1999 Dessauer collaborated with Ignace Michiels , organist of St. Salvator 's Cathedral in Bruges , in a joint project to bring a century of violence to a close . The same programme was performed in both Bruges and Wiesbaden by the Cantores and Chor von St. Bonifatius choirs , with Michiels playing the organ and Dessauer conducting . The concert in Bruges on 23 October 1999 was named Eeuw van zinloos Geweld ( Century of meaningless violence ) and expressed it using Maurice Duruflé 's Prélude et Fugue sur le nom d'Alain , Jules Van Nuffel 's , Jehan Alain 's Litanies , Rudolf Mauersberger 's Wie liegt die Stadt so wüst , Gerald Hendrie 's Exsultate from the sonata In praise of reconciliation , and Duruflé 's Requiem . The Wiesbaden concert was called Versöhnungskonzert zum Ende des Jahrhunderts ( Concert of reconciliation at the end of the century ) .
In 1995 Dessauer prepared the choir for a memorial concert commemorating the 50th anniversary of the end of World War II . On 8 May 1995 , Britten 's War Requiem was performed in a ceremony of the government of Hesse at the Kurhaus Wiesbaden , with choirs from countries who were opponents during the war : the Swindon Choral Society from Swindon , UK , the Macon Civic Chorale from Macon , Georgia , and the Schiersteiner Kantorei conducted by Martin Lutz . A year later they took part in a performance of the work with similar forces in Macon .
In November 2009 Dessauer again performed Duruflé 's Requiem , this time with a choir of volunteers who wanted to commemorate the Holocaust in a Gedenkkonzert gegen Antisemitismus , or a concert against Antisemitism . Janina Moeller sang the mezzo-soprano solo , and Petra Morath-Pusinelli was the organist .
In November 2015 Dessauer was the organist for a sing-along organised by the Diocese of Limburg in St. Bonifatius . A choir of 150 volunteers studied Gabriel Fauré 's Requiem and performed it as part of the Wiesbadener Bachwochen festival . As a contrast , Dessauer performed Olivier Latry 's Salve Regina organ meditations , in which , according to a reviewer , they made the listener feel `` ... the complete cosmos of humanity , including the cruelty and violence , from which this prayer asks for salvation from '' ( `` den gesamten Kosmos des Menschlichen nachempfinden ließ , einschließlich der Grausamkeit und Gewalt , aus der in diesem Gebet um Errettung gebeten wird '' ) .
Recordings
Kontraste ( Contrast ) , Gabriel Dessauer at the Mayer organ of St. Bonifatius
Orgel-Feuerwerk I – V ( Organ Fireworks )
Just for Fun , Organ Historical Society Catalog
John Rutter : Requiem , motets of Reger , Reubke 's Sonata on the 94th Psalm , Reger-Chor , Monika Fuhrmann ( soprano ) , instrumentalists , organist ( Rutter ) : Petra Morath , organist ( Reubke ) and conductor Gabriel Dessauer ( 1990 , recorded live in St. Bonifatius Wiesbaden )
Romantische Orgelkonzerte , Marco Enrico Bossi : Organ concerto A minor op . 100 , Josef Gabriel Rheinberger : Organ concerto G minor op . 177 , Léon Boëllmann : Suite Gothique op . 25 , Kammerphilharmonie Rhein-Main , conductor : Jürgen Bruns ( 1997 )
Hermann Suter : Le Laudi , Zofia Kilanowicz , Pamela Pantos , Andreas Karasiak , Johann Werner Prein , Chor von St. Bonifatius Wiesbaden , Kinderchor von St. Bonifatius , Witold Lutoslawski Philharmonic Wroclaw , 1999
Max Reger : Hebbel-Requiem , organ works , Reger-Chor-International , conductor Gabriel Dessauer ( 2001 , recorded live in St. Bonifatius Wiesbaden )
Max Reger : Der 100 . Psalm , Introduction , Passacaglia and Fugue in E minor op . 127 , Reger-Chor-International , conductor Gabriel Dessauer ( 2003 , recorded live in St. Bonifatius Wiesbaden )
References
External links
Kirchenmusik in St. Bonifatius Wiesbaden ( in German )
Gabriel Dessauer
Chor von St. Bonifatius
Großer Kinderchor an St. Bonifatius
Schola von St. Bonifatius
Reger-Chor
, from Coronation Mass , 1 April 2018 , St. Bonifatius
, by Naji Hakim 1 April 2018 , St. Bonifatius
German choral conductors
German male conductors ( music )
German classical organists
German male organists
University of Music and Performing Arts Munich alumni
Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz faculty
Living people
1955 births
Musicians from Würzburg
21st-century German conductors ( music )
21st-century organists
21st-century German male musicians
Male classical organists
James Stott ( 15 November 1919 – 6 July 1994 ) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1930s , 1940s and 1950s . They played at representative level for Great Britain , England and Lancashire , and at club level for United Glass Bottle ARLFC ( now Eccleston Lions ARLFC ( in Eccleston , St Helens ) of the North West Men 's League ) , and St Helens , as a , i.e . number 3 or 4 . Jim Stott was a Private in the British Army during World War II , and appeared for Wigan as a World War II guest player .
Background
Stott was born in Prescot , Lancashire , England , they were a pupil at Merton Bank School , St. Helens , and they died aged 74 .
Playing career
International honours
Jim Stott won caps for England while at St. Helens , in a 1943 match against Wales and in 1946 and 1947 matches against France , and won caps for Great Britain while at St. Helens , in a 1947 match against New Zealand .
Other notable matches
Jim Stott played in United Glass Bottle 's 5–48 defeat by Hunslet in the 1938–39 Challenge Cup first-round match at Parkside , Hunslet on Saturday 4 February 1939 , they were a reserve for Northern Command XIII against a Rugby League XIII at Thrum Hall , Halifax on Saturday 21 March 1942 .
Honoured at St Helens R.F.C .
Jim Stott is a St Helens R.F.C . Hall of Fame inductee .
References
External links
Profile at saints.org.uk
Saints bid to halt Reds ' revolution
Saints book Anfield date
Statistics at wigan.rlfans.com
1919 births
1994 deaths
British Army personnel of World War II
British Army soldiers
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Place of death missing
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Prescot
St Helens R.F.C . players
Wigan Warriors wartime guest players
Mutant Storm Empire is a multi-directional shoot 'em up by PomPom Games and the sequel to Mutant Storm Reloaded released for the Xbox 360 's Xbox Live Arcade service .
Mutant Storm Empire improves on the original Xbox 360 incarnation by creating a seamless world that lets the user travel from room to room without having to enter a loading screen . The game also features online multiplayer through Xbox Live .
Gameplay
The game features 4 worlds , each divided into 4 levels playable on 5 difficulty levels or `` belts '' that the player can play through more or less seamlessly . There are no bombs , lives as such , if the player loses a life , one of 6 granted per world , it immediately is lost without losing energy giving a temporary repulsion to the enemies . Higher points can be reached by playing on more difficult settings and attaining combo bonuses by stringing together kills of the same enemy colour , which is made difficult as one needs to allow other enemy types to populate the screen to achieve this .
Multiplayer
The game features a two-player cooperative mode that is playable locally and on Xbox Live .
Reception
Mutant Storm Empire received mixed to positive reviews from critics upon release . On Metacritic , the game holds a score of 77/100 based on 20 reviews .
References
External links
Mutant Storm Empire on PomPom Games ' official website
YouTube video of Mutant Storm Empire
2007 video games
Microsoft games
Multidirectional shooters
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video game sequels
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
Xbox 360-only games
Xbox 360 games
Cooperative video games
A web browser ( also referred to as an Internet browser or simply a browser ) is application software for accessing the World Wide Web or a local website . When a user requests a web page from a particular website , the web browser retrieves its files from a web server and then graphically renders the page on the user 's screen .
A web browser is not the same thing as a search engine , though the two are often confused . A search engine is a website that provides links to other websites . However , to connect to a website 's server and display its web pages , a user must have a web browser installed .
Web browsers are used on a range of devices , including desktops , laptops , tablets , and smartphones . In 2020 , an estimated 4.9 billion people used a browser . The most used browser is Google Chrome , with a 63 % global market share on all devices , followed by Safari with 20 % .
In Hypertext Transfer Protocol technical texts , web browsers ( and other clients ) are commonly referred to as user agents .
Function
The purpose of a web browser is to fetch content from the Web or from a local storage device and display it on a user 's device .
This process begins when the user inputs a Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) , such as https : //en.wikipedia.org/ , into the browser . Virtually all URLs on the Web start with either http : or https : which means the browser will retrieve them with the Hypertext Transfer Protocol ( HTTP ) . In the case of secure mode ( HTTPS ) , the communication between the browser and the web server is encrypted for the purposes of security and privacy .
Once a web page has been retrieved , the browser 's rendering engine displays it on the user 's device . This includes image and video formats supported by the browser . Many web browsers can display partial content , while the retrieval is still in progress , providing more responsive behavior , especially on slower network connections .
Web pages usually contain hyperlinks to other pages and resources . Each link contains a URL , and when it is clicked or tapped , the browser navigates to the new resource . Thus , the process of bringing content to the user begins again .
Most browsers use an internal cache of web page resources to improve loading times for subsequent visits to the same page . The cache can store many items , such as large images , so they do not need to be downloaded from the server again . Cached items are usually only stored for as long as the web server stipulates in its HTTP response messages .
Settings
Web browsers can typically be configured with a built-in menu . Depending on the browser , the menu may be named Settings , Options , or Preferences .
The menu has different types of settings . For example , users can change their homepage and default search engine . They can also change default web page colors and fonts . Various network connectivity and privacy settings are also usually available .
Privacy
During the course of browsing , cookies received from various websites are stored by the browser . Some of them contain login credentials or site preferences . However , others are used for tracking user behavior over long periods of time , so browsers typically provide a section in the menu for deleting cookies . Finer-grained management of cookies usually requires a browser extension .
Browsers also usually provide menu items for deleting browsing history , cache entries , and other potentially sensitive data .
An alternative approach is the private browsing mode , in which the asupervisorstioned items are not stored by the browser . But this is a temporary option , only activated when using this special mode .
Features
The most popular browsers have a number of features in common . They automatically log browsing history or can be used in a non-logging private mode . They also allow users to set bookmarks , customize the browser with extensions , and can manage user passwords . Some provide a sync service and web accessibility features .
Most browsers have these user interface ( UI ) features :
Allow the user to open multiple pages at the same time , either in different browser windows or in different tabs of the same window .
Back and forward buttons to go back to the previous page visited or forward to the next one .
A refresh or reload and a stop button to reload and cancel loading the current page . ( In most browsers , the stop button is merged with the reload button . )
A home button to return to the user 's home page .
An address bar to input the URL of a page and display it , and a search bar to input terms into a search engine . ( In most browsers , the search bar is merged with the address bar . )
While mobile browsers have similar UI features as desktop versions , the limitations of touch screens require mobile UIs to be simpler . The difference is significant for users accustomed to keyboard shortcuts . The most popular desktop browsers also have sophisticated web development tools .
Besides the common usage of graphical browsers , there are niche text-based and headless types of browsers .
Security
Web browsers are popular targets for hackers , who exploit security holes to steal information , destroy files , and other malicious activities . Browser vendors regularly patch these security holes , so users are strongly encouraged to keep their browser software updated . Other protection measures are antivirus software and avoiding known-malicious websites .
History
The first web browser , called WorldWideWeb , was created in 1990 by Sir Tim Berners-Lee . They then recruited Nicola Pellow to write the Line Mode Browser , which displayed web pages on dumb terminals .
1993 was a landmark year with the release of Mosaic , credited as `` the world 's first popular browser '' . Its innovative graphical user interface made the World Wide Web system easy to use and thus more accessible to the average person . This , in turn , sparked the Internet boom of the 1990s , when the Web grew at a very rapid rate . Marc Andreessen , the leader of the Mosaic team , soon started their own company , Netscape , which released the Mosaic-influenced Netscape Navigator in 1994 . Navigator quickly became the most popular browser .
Microsoft debuted Internet Explorer in 1995 , leading to a browser war with Netscape . Within a few years , Microsoft gained a dominant position in the browser market for two reasons : it bundled Internet Explorer with its popular Windows operating system and did so as freeware with no restrictions on usage . The market share of Internet Explorer peaked at over 95 % in the early 2000s .
In 1998 , Netscape launched what would become the Mozilla Foundation to create a new browser using the open source software model . This work evolved into the Firefox browser , first released by Mozilla in 2004 . Firefox market share peaked at 32 % in 2010 .
Apple Computer released its Safari browser in 2003 . Safari remains the dominant browser on Apple devices , though it did not become popular elsewhere .
Google debuted its Chrome browser in 2008 , which steadily took market share from Internet Explorer and became the most popular browser in 2012 . Chrome has remained dominant ever since .
Microsoft released its Edge browser in 2015 as part of the Windows 10 release . ( Internet Explorer is still used on older versions of Windows . )
Since the early 2000s , browsers have greatly expanded their HTML , CSS , JavaScript , and multimedia capabilities . One reason has been to enable more sophisticated websites , such as web apps . Another factor is the significant increase of broadband connectivity , which enables people to access data-intensive content , such as YouTube streaming , that was not possible during the era of dial-up modems .
Market share
See also
List of web browsers
Comparison of web browsers
References
External links
English inventions
Uttarpara Amarendra Vidyapith which was established on 6 March 1939 , is an institution located in Uttarpara , West Bengal in India . The institution is named after the freedom fighter late Shri Amarendra Nath Chattopadhyay , who was a resident of Uttarpara .
Uttarpara Amarendra Vidyapith follows the curricula of West Bengal Board of Secondary Education ( W.B.B.S.E . ) and West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education ( W.B.C.H.S.E . ) for Madhyamik and Higher Secondary respectively . It is a Bengali medium school for boys , having a student strength of 1500 .
Students from surrounding localities such as Hindmotor , Bally , Belur , Liluah , Ariadaha , Serampore , and Dankuni enroll here . The institute hosts a three-day-long educational exhibition every year during Saraswati Puja .
References
Boys ' schools in India
Primary schools in West Bengal
High schools and secondary schools in West Bengal
Schools in Hooghly district
Educational institutions established in 1939
1939 establishments in India
Pennantia corymbosa , commonly known as kaikomako ( from the Māori ) , is a small dioecious forest tree of New Zealand .
Small creamy , white flowers are produced between November and February , followed by a shiny black fruit in autumn . They are a favourite food of the New Zealand bellbird .
The Māori name means food ( ) of the bellbird ( ) . Traditionally , Māori used the tree to make fire by repeatedly rubbing a pointed stick into a groove on a piece of mahoe .
An English name is `` duck 's foot '' , coming from the shape of the juvenile plant 's leaf . Juvenile plants have small leaves with tangled , divaricating stems , while mature plants have much larger leaves and a normal tree architecture .
References
Trees of New Zealand
Divaricating plants
Pennantiaceae
İnceğiz , Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Second Presbyterian Church is a historic church building at Tenth Avenue and Twelfth Street South in Birmingham , Alabama . It was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 . It is now used as the University of Alabama at Birmingham honors house .
References
Presbyterian churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham , Alabama
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1901
Churches in Birmingham , Alabama
Kiara may refer to :
People
Kiara ( given name ) , includes a list of people with the given name
Saint Cera ( died 679 ) , also spelled Kiara , a 7th-century Irish Roman Catholic saint
Kiara ( drag queen ) , stage name of Canadian drag entertainer Dimitri Nana-Côté
Music
Kiara ( singer ) , stage name of Venezuelan singer , actor , and TV presenter Gloria Delgado ( born 1962 )
Kiiara ( born 1995 ) , stage name of American singer Kiara Saulters ( born 1995 )
Kiara , an American R & B group known for the 1988 song `` This Time ''
`` Kiara '' , a song from the 2010 Bonobo album Black Sands
Other uses
Kiara , Western Australia , a suburb of Perth , Australia
Kiara ( building ) , a high-rise building in Seattle , Washington , United States
Kiara ( The Lion King ) , a fictional lion in The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride
Princess Kiara , a main character in Super K – The Movie , a 2011 Indian animated film
See also
Kyara ( disambiguation )
Ciara ( disambiguation )
The 2012 Greater Western Sydney Giants season was the club 's first season of senior competition in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . The club also fielded its reserves team in the North East Australian Football League ( NEAFL ) for its second season , but under the new name University of Western Sydney Giants .
Club personnel
Kevin Sheedy was the first head coach of the Giants , while Mark Williams was the assistant coach .
Playing list
Playing statistics
* = Player made their debut at a club other than Greater Western Sydney .
All statistics taken from AFL.com.au
Season summary
Pre-season matches
Regular season
Ladder
NEAFL season
Squad
Results
References
External links
Official website of the Greater Western Sydney Giants
2012
Geater Western Sydney Football Club
The Midnight Meat Train is a 2008 American horror film based on Clive Barker 's 1984 short story of the same name , which can be found in Volume One of Barker 's collection Books of Blood . The film follows a photographer who attempts to track down a serial killer dubbed the `` Subway Butcher '' , and discovers more than they bargained for under the city streets .
The film was directed by Ryuhei Kitamura , and stars Bradley Cooper , Leslie Bibb , Brooke Shields , Roger Bart , Ted Raimi and Vinnie Jones . Its script was adapted by Jeff Buhler , the producer was Tom Rosenberg of Lakeshore Entertainment , and it was released on August 1 , 2008 . Producer Joe Daley , a long-time friend of Buhler 's , brought the two writers together and helped develop the script , along with producers Anthony DiBlasi and Jorge Saralegui , for their and Clive Barker 's production company Midnight Picture Show , which was responsible for Book of Blood , the next film adaptation from the anthology of short stories that spawned The Midnight Meat Train .
Plot
Leon is a photographer who wants to capture unique gritty shots of the city . They are crushed when , instead of giving them their big break , gallery owner Susan criticizes them for not taking enough risks . Emboldened , they head into the city 's subway system at night , where they take pictures of an impending sexual assault before saving the woman . The next day , they discover they have gone missing . Intrigued , they investigate reports of similar disappearances . Their investigation leads them to a butcher named Mahogany , who they suspect has been killing subway passengers for the past three years .
Leon presents their photos to the police , but Detective Hadley disbelieves him . Leon 's involvement quickly turns into a dark obsession , upsetting their girlfriend Maya , who is also disbelieving of their story . Leon follows Mahogany onto the last subway train of the night , only to witness a bloodbath . The butcher kills several passengers and hangs their bodies on meat hooks . After a brief scuffle with Mahogany , Leon passes out on the train . They awake the next morning in a slaughterhouse with strange markings carved into their chest .
A concerned Maya and their friend Jurgis examine Leon 's photos of Mahogany , leading them to the killer 's apartment . After breaking in , Jurgis is captured , though Maya escapes with timetables that record over a hundred years of murders on the subway . They go to the police but finds Hadley still skeptical . When Hadley presses Maya to return the timetables , they demand answers . At gunpoint , Hadley directs them to take the midnight train to find Jurgis . Leon heads to a hidden subway entrance in the slaughterhouse , arming themselves with several knives .
They board the train as Mahogany completes their nightly massacre and corners Maya . Leon attacks the murderer with a knife , and the two fight in between the swinging human flesh . Human body parts are ripped , thrown , and used as weapons . Jurgis , hung from a meat hook , dies when they are gutted . The train reaches its final stop , a cavernous abandoned station filled with skulls and decomposing bodies . The conductor appears , advising Leon and Maya to `` step away from the meat . '' The true purpose of the abandoned station is revealed , as reptilian creatures enter the car and consume the bodies of the murdered passengers . Leon and Maya flee into the cavern . Mahogany , battered , fights to the death with Leon . After Leon stabs a broken femur through their throat , Mahogany only grins in their dying throes , saying , `` Welcome ! ''
The conductor tells Leon the creatures have lived beneath the city long before the subway was constructed , and the butcher 's job is to feed them each night to keep them from attacking subway riders during the day . They pick up Leon and , with the same supernatural strength as the deceased butcher , rips out Leon 's tongue and eats it . The conductor brings Leon 's attention to Maya , who has been knocked unconscious and is lying on a pile of bones . The conductor forces Leon to watch as they cut Maya 's chest open to remove their heart . They say that , having killed the butcher , Leon must take their place .
Detective Hadley hands the train schedule to the new butcher , who wears a ring with the symbol of the group that feeds the creatures . The killer walks onto the midnight train and reveals themselves as Leon .
Cast
Production
The film 's original director , Patrick Tatopoulos , originally planned to shoot the film in 2005 in New York City and Montreal . Tatopoulos left the production in 2006 and was replaced by Ryuhei Kitamura . Shooting was moved to Los Angeles , due to the prohibitive cost of shooting in New York City . Various locations , including the L.A. Metro subway system , were used instead . Shooting began March 18 , 2007 .
Music
The `` official '' soundtrack from Lakeshore Records ( only containing two remixes of the separately available actual film score ) was produced and remixed by Justin Lassen and includes the bands and artists Iconcrash , Breaking The Jar , Blind Divine , Manakin Moon , Three Dot Revelation , Apocalyptica , Slvtn , Alu , Robert Williamson , Johannes Kobilke , Second Coming , Illusion of Order , Jason Hayes , Gerard K Marino , Penetrator , and Digital Dirt Heads .
Release
Initially , The Midnight Meat Train was set for a May 16 , 2008 , release but was delayed . Ultimately , the film 's release on August 1 was limited to the secondary market , of which only 100 screens showed it , with plans for a quick release on DVD . The world premiere was on July 19 , 2008 , at the Fantasia Festival in Montreal , in the presence of director Ryuhei Kitamura . An internet campaign was started by several horror websites to draw attention to the scaled-down theatrical release .
Barker was angry with Lionsgate 's treatment , believing the studio 's president Joe Drake to be shortchanging other people 's films to focus more attention on films like The Strangers , where they received a producing credit : `` The politics that are being visited upon it have nothing to do with the movie at all . This is all about ego , and though I mourn the fact that The Midnight Meat Train was never given its chance in theaters , it 's a beautifully stylish , scary movie , and it is n't going anywhere . People will find it , and whether they find it in midnight shows or they find it on DVD , they 'll find it , and in the end the Joe Drakes of the world will disappear . ''
The Midnight Meat Train was released theatrically in Australia on February 19 , 2009 . DVD and Blu-ray releases followed on July 14 .
Reception
Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes has a 72 % approval rating based on 32 reviews . The site 's consensus states : `` A creative and energetic adaptation of a Clive Barker short story , with enough scares and thrills to be a potential cult classic . ''
IGN said , `` Director Ryuhei Kitamura ... brings an incredible level of polish and visual sophistication to what is essentially a mid-range script . ... There 's an energy to the film 's final 10 minutes that 's unmatched in recent horror films , and Kitamura 's penchant for hard-hitting action , while suitably controlled , is always just below the surface . ... Overall , The Midnight Meat Train is a simple , bloody , hardcore offering certain to satisfy fans of the genre . '' Twitch Film said , `` On most counts , The Midnight Meat Train succeeds . It 's visually engrossing , the acting and story are mostly solid , and it has a great lead villain in Vinnie Jones . It only falters in an illogical last act . No matter . The gore factor is selling point to the genre crowd , and they do n't have to worry . No punches are pulled . If this is the kind of quality material that Kitamura 's going to deliver in Hollywood , I hope they stay there . ''
Cinematical called the film `` easily the best Clive Barker adaptation since the first Hellraiser film , '' saying that `` screenwriter Jeff Buhler manages to maintain the sly sense of dread that permeates the best of Barker 's horror tales . '' Bloody Disgusting said that `` Clive Barker fans will rejoice in what director Ryuhei Kitamura has given them . In the Japanese director 's first English-language film , they have taken their visual genius from Alive and Versus and translated it into an action-packed bloodfest . It has been a long time since a major horror film has been given such loving treatment by its director . '' Conversely , DVD Talk said that while the story is `` an interesting concept , '' it 's `` subpar '' compared to the rest of Clive Barker 's work , and criticized the film 's `` melodrama '' and computer-generated effects .
References
External links
2008 films
2008 horror films
2008 psychological thriller films
2000s fantasy films
2000s slasher films
American horror thriller films
American slasher films
Films based on short fiction
Films based on works by Clive Barker
Films set in Los Angeles
Films shot in Los Angeles
Rail transport films
American splatter films
Lakeshore Entertainment films
Lionsgate films
Films directed by Ryuhei Kitamura
Films produced by Gary Lucchesi
American serial killer films
American supernatural horror films
Supernatural slasher films
American monster movies
American exploitation films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Julian H. Scaff is a design director , educator , futurist , filmmaker , electronic musician and media artist from California . Their areas of expertise include interaction design , user experience design , creative strategy and future studies .
They received their BA in Film and Video from Pitzer College , their MA in Film Critical Studies from UCLA , an MFA in Art and Design from the Dutch Art Institute , and a certificate in Human-Computer Interaction from MIT .
Their recent work in interaction and user experience design includes designing future technology for Hitachi , designing the first augmented reality experience for the Pasadena Rose Parade , and conversational interfaces leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning . They have innovated scientific processes in the field of design , including the Curiosity Matrix that uses neuroscience to understand human motivations and adapting empirical methodology to the design process .
Julian has also shown their artwork and short digital movies in various galleries and film festivals around the world , and produced radio programs for ResonanceFM in London , Epsilonia Festival Radiophonique in Paris , and Voice of the People in Lebanon .
In 1997 Scaff founded and edited Strobe , which according to the UCLA Bruin was the first academic journal published exclusively on the internet . Contributions included articles by the famous film theorists Peter Wollen and Nick Browne .
Scaff also produced the first online version of the famous Walter Benjamin essay The Work of Art In The Age of Mechanical Reproduction , and Scaff 's essay Art and Authenticity in the Age of Digital Reproduction has been widely referenced in cultural and media studies .
Their film credits include The Cosmodrome Futurists , Genomatica , and Piles of dirt ( film ) . They also starred in the film The Many Faces of Julian H. Scaff directed by Bob Recon . Their recent film Tecopa which explores the site of a Native American massacre in California is featured at the Zonderling Media Art Festival in the Netherlands and has been garnering much attention in the media there .
Their landscape art/design projects have included `` Water , Trees , Path , Cranes '' in Enschede , Netherlands , and `` Dazzled Windscape , '' a proposal for making the controversial Cape Wind project in Nantucket Sound , Massachusetts more environmentally and culturally friendly .
Scaff is the Design Director at the digital agency Interactivism , and Associate Professor of Interaction Design at ArtCenter College of Design in Pasadena , California .
External links
Julian H. Scaff 's Official Website
Julian Scaff faculty page at ArtCenter College of Design
The Science of UX - talk by Julian Scaff at the Carnegie Observatory .
Designing for Inclusion - talk by Julian Scaff at World IA Day 2019 .
A Story From The Future - talk by Julian Scaff at Design Slam 2018 .
UX and the Future of Healthcare - talk by Julian Scaff at Cross Campus 2017 .
Designing Change for Good - TEDx talk by Julian Scaff at TEDx Crenshaw 2015 .
Filmography for Julian H. Scaff
Breukvlak : Tales of a Highway ( 2007 )
Tecopa ( 2006 )
Piles of Dirt ( 2006 )
Genomatica ( 2005 ) *
Day of the Dead ( 2005 )
The Cosmodrome Futurists ( 2004 )
Desert Mosaic ( 2004 )
My Daily Commute ( 1996 )
Selected publications
Glitchscapes ( book )
Sketch Your Soundscape ( book )
Experience Design Workbook ( book , with Sofia M. Khan )
Jamal & Damilola : A Nigerian Banking Scam Romance ( book )
Futureplexity : The Analog/Digital Architecture of Detroit Techno published in Cross-Reference Magazine , The Hague
Quietscapes : Noise , Silence , and ( Re ) Designing the Public Sonosphere published in the journal Open , Rotterdam
Sonic Notes from a Taipei Noodle Restaurant published in the journal Locus Sentio , Werkplaatstypogrfie , Arnhem , Netherlands
Art and Authenticity in the Age of Digital Reproduction published by the Digital Arts Institute
UCLA Film School alumni
Landscape artists
American video artists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American experimental filmmakers
American designers
Walter Lewis McVey Jr. ( February 19 , 1922 – September 10 , 2014 ) was a United States Representative from Kansas .
Born in Independence , Kansas , McVey was educated in the public schools and graduated from high school in 1940 . They attended Independence Junior College for two years and graduated from the University of Kansas with an A.B . in 1947 and a J.D . in 1948 . They were admitted to the bar and commenced the practice of law in Independence .
During World War II , McVey served in the United States Army Air Force from 1943 to 1946 and was discharged as a staff sergeant . They served as a member of the Kansas House of Representatives from 1949 until 1952 , as judge of the city court of Independence from 1952 until 1956 , and as a member of the Kansas Senate from 1957 until 1960 . They were an unsuccessful candidate for the Republican nomination for the Eighty-third Congress in 1952 .
McVey was elected as a Republican to the Eighty-seventh Congress ( January 3 , 1961 – January 3 , 1963 ) . McVey had an affair with a secretary from their office during the first year of their term , prompting their wife , Rose Mary , to return to Kansas and file for divorce . They were unable to win nomination in 1962 to run for re-election to the Eighty-eighth Congress .
Following their Congressional stint , McVey worked as a management consultant in Washington , D.C. from 1963 until 1964 and as executive director of the Fulton County , Georgia , Republican Party from June 1964 until September 1965 . They served as staff counsel to the Georgia Municipal Association from November 1965 until April 1966 . They were admitted to the Georgia bar in 1965 and commenced the practice of law in Atlanta .
McVey was a professor of political science at Georgia State University in Atlanta from 1968 until 1980 and at Mercer University in Atlanta from 1971 until 1973 . They were also evening dean of DeKalb College in Dunwoody from 1968 until 2001 .
McVey was a resident of Olathe , Kansas . They died on September 10 , 2014 , aged 92 .
References
1922 births
2014 deaths
People from Independence , Kansas
Military personnel from Kansas
University of Kansas alumni
University of Kansas School of Law alumni
Kansas state senators
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Georgia ( U.S. state ) lawyers
Kansas state court judges
United States Army Air Forces non-commissioned officers
Georgia ( U.S. state ) Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Georgia State University faculty
Perimeter College at Georgia State University faculty
Mercer University faculty
20th-century American politicians
Municipal judges in the United States
20th-century American judges
20th-century American lawyers
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
Rhodes Bluff ( ) is a bare rock bluff 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northwest of Mount Dolence , forming the northwest end of Enterprise Hills in the Heritage Range of Antarctica . Mapped by air photos taken by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) and U.S. Navy from 1961 to 1966 , the bluff was named after Lieutenant Joseph J. Rhodes , who was in charge of the maintenance program at McMurdo Station in 1966 .
Cliffs of Ellsworth Land
Leab may refer to :
People
Daniel Leab ( 1936–2016 ) , American historian
Katharine Kyes Leab ( 1941–2020 ) , American publisher
Places
Albacete Airport , by ICAO code
Donald Heathfield ( real name : Andrey Bezrukov ( Андрей Безруков ) ) and their wife Tracey Foley ( real name : Elena Vavilova ( Елена Вавилова ) ) are former sleeper KGB agents . It is unknown if the couple 's two children knew their parents were embedded KGB spies living under false identities . They served as both a KGB and SVR operative until their disclosure in the United States in 2010 .
Biography
Andrei Olegovich Bezrukov was born on 30 August 1960 in Kansk , Krasnoyarsk Krai . From 1978 to 1983 they studied at Tomsk State University with a degree in history , where they met their future wife .
Under the assumed name of Donald Howard Heathfield , together with their wife Elena Vavilova , they lived in several nations outside of the Soviet Union for more than 20 years , engaged in illegal intelligence activities . According to their undercover identity , Heathfield was the son of a Canadian diplomat , who actually died in 1962 at the age of 7 weeks , and graduated from high school in the Czech Republic . A classmate from Harvard noted that Heathfield kept up to date regarding the lives of their classmates , including future Mexican President Felipe Calderon .
From 1992 to 1995 they studied in Canada , at York University where they graduated with a bachelor 's degree in international economics . From 1995 to 1997 , they studied at the École nationale des ponts et chaussées , receiving a master 's degree in international business . From 1999 onwards , they lived in the United States . In 2000 , they graduated from the John F. Kennedy School of Government with a master 's degree in public administration .
From May 2000 to May 2006 they worked as a partner in the consulting company Global Partners Inc. , whose clients were well-known companies such as Alstom , Boston Scientific , General Electric and T-Mobile . From May 2006 to December 2010 , they headed another consulting company , Future Map , specializing in government and corporate strategic forecasting and planning systems , which had branches in Paris and Singapore . Bezrukov was a member of the World Future Society , an organization once described by the Boston Herald as `` a factory of thought for new technologies , at a conference of which leading experts in the field of public administration come together '' . Because of this , Heathfield was able to make numerous acquaintances . In particular , they were familiar with Leon Fuerth , a former National Security Advisor to Vice President Al Gore , and professor of management at George Washington University , William Halal , who participated in the 2008 World Future Society conference . Halal described their relationship with Heathfield as warm . `` I came across them at meetings in federal agencies , thought factories , and the World Future Society . I do not know anything that could be of interest from a security perspective . Everything that I provided to Don was published and available via the Internet. ``
Bezrukov and their wife lived in Cambridge , Massachusetts . Around that time , Elena Vavilova had graduated from McGill University and , before settling in the United States , had lived in France . They worked at the Redfin real estate agency in Somerville , Massachusetts .
In June 2010 they were arrested in the United States along with their wife as part of an undercover operation . On July 9 , 2010 , they were exchanged with four other Russian citizens , along with 9 other Russian illegal intelligence agents in Vienna . Among the exchanged was Sergei Skripal , who had been in a Russian prison for 13 years for passing information to MI6 .
After returning to Russia , Bezrukov and their wife were awarded the Order `` For Merit to the Fatherland '' 4th Class . They were also appointed adviser to the president of Rosneft , as well as an assistant professor at the Department of Applied Analysis of International Problems at MGIMO . In 2015 , they published the book Russia and the World in 2020 . The contours of a troubled future . After their return , they gave their first interview to the Russian Reporter magazine in 2012 . They have also given several other interviews in local media . Today , they regularly lead a column in the business newspaper Izvestia on current topics . As of August 2019 , Bezrukov was continuing their teaching career and doing consulting work for an oil company while Vavilova `` also has a consultancy role at a company '' , according to The Guardian .
Tracey Foley
Tracey Foley , ( real name : Elena Stanislavovna Vavilova ( Елена Вавилова ) ; Tomsk , November 16 , 1962 ) was Donald Heathfield 's wife , and also a KGB agent . They were born in Tomsk , then part of the Soviet Union , to parents Vavilov Stanislav Platonovich and Vavilova Svetlana Konstantinovna . From 1970 to 1980 , they attended a school where they learned German . In 1985 , they graduated from Tomsk State University with a degree in history via a distance learning program . While studying there , they met their future husband . After they married , they moved to Moscow to begin their training as KGB officers .
Since the late 1980s , for almost 25 years they worked as a deep-cover intelligence officer in several countries under the name of Tracy Lee Ann Foley . Them husband , Andrey Bezrukov , worked with them under the assumed name of Donald Howard Heathfield . According to their undercover identity , Foley was born in Canada . While living in Toronto they gave birth to two sons : Timothy ( born 1990 ) and Alexander ( born 1994 ) .
In 1999 , the family settled in Cambridge , Massachusetts . Vavilova , known as Ann Foley , worked as a real estate agent , first at Channing Real Estate and later for another real estate company ⁠— Redfin . Them former employer described them as “ one of the hardest working and most competent agents ” they had .
On June 27 , 2010 , after a decade of surveillance , Vavilova and their husband were arrested at their Cambridge townhouse as part of an operation carried out by US surveillance agencies . They were then released to Russian authorities as part of a prisoner exchange in Vienna . Upon returning to Russia , they and their husband were given the Order `` For Merit to the Fatherland '' 4th Class .
They currently live in Moscow with their husband , and has since become a writer . The family served as the inspiration for the main characters in the TV show The Americans .
In 2019 Vavilova published in Russian their first spy fiction novel A Woman Who Can Keep Secrets written together with Andrey Bronnikov , a special forces veteran . It offers a rare glimpse into the training of the Soviet illegals , including evading surveillance , coding messages , studying maps and cryptography , learning foreign languages , establishing a cover story and performing missions abroad to collect intelligence . The book was presented at the press conference of the largest Russian news agency TASS . Following the book release , Vavilova gave many interviews and appeared on a number of top Russian television and radio programs .
Them autobiographical novel was translated into Bulgarian . In 2021 it was translated to Catalan and Spanish and published by Simbol Editors and Roca-editorial . Translation was done by Josep Lluis Alay .
In 2021 Elena Vavilova published their second novel in Russian “ The Encrypted Heart ” that tells a story of a female Russian illegal sent on a mission to Hong Kong under the name of Stella Lei and their love affair with a French man .
Elena often gives lectures within youth organizations and conducts seminars on leadership and networking . Together with their husband they developed the course “ Strategic Networking ” that they teach at the prestigious “ Orator Club ” in Moscow .
Heathfield and Foley children
The Heathfield and Foley children maintained that they never knew their parents were Russian spies and never heard them speak in Russian . At the time of their parents ' arrest , they were 16 and 20 years old . Their Canadian citizenship was revoked on the grounds that the children of foreign diplomats are not entitled to citizenship even if born on Canadian soil . The younger son , Alex , appealed the decision and ultimately had their citizenship reinstated .
Notes
1960 births
Living people
People from Kansk
Recipients of the Order `` For Merit to the Fatherland ''
Russian spies
Soviet spies
Foreign Intelligence Service ( Russia ) officers
Tomsk State University alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
A Unified Development Ordinance ( UDO ) , also referred to as Unified Development Code ( UDC ) , is a kind of American land-use planning regulation . A UDO is a document in which traditional zoning and subdivision regulations are combined with other desired city regulations , such as design guidelines and water management , into a single document . It serves as a local policy instrument . A UDO may help local governments to respond better to the way development occurs and help avoid overlapping regulations .
References
Zoning in the United States
Local government in the United States
Petrolini is an Italian surname . Notable people with this surname include :
Ettore Petrolini ( 1884–1936 ) , Italian stage and film actor , playwright , screenwriter and novelist
Vincenzo Petrolini ( died 1606 ) , Roman Catholic Bishop of Muro Lucano
See also
Petris ( disambiguation )
Italian-language surnames
The South Georgia diving petrel or Georgian diving-petrel ( Pelecanoides georgicus ) is one of five very similar small auk-like diving petrels of the southern oceans . It is native to the South Atlantic and islands of the southern Indian Ocean and south-eastern Australia .
Taxonomy and nomenclature
The American ornithologist Robert Cushman Murphy and the zoologist Francis Harper described the South Georgia diving petrel in 1916 . Its specific name , georgicus , is derived from the South Georgia islands where they identified the species . Other common names include puffinure de Géorgie du Sud ( French ) , Breitschnabel Lummensturmvogel ( German ) , and potoyunco de Georgia ( Spanish ) . A unique New Zealand population is now considered a separate species , the Whenua Hou diving petrel .
Description
The South Georgia diving petrel is a small , plump petrel , in length and weighing around . Its plumage is black above and dull white below , and it has a stubby black bill with pale blue edges . The wings have thin white strips . The face and neck can be more brown than black . The legs are blue with posterior black lines down the tarsi . Unless seen very close , it is almost indistinguishable from the common diving petrel ; the common diving petrel has brown inner web primary feathers , whereas the South Georgia diving petrel has light inner web feathering . Common diving petrels have smaller and narrower bills than the South Georgia diving petrel , and there are also slight size differences .
Distribution and habitat
This species nests in colonies on Subantarctic islands . It breeds on South Georgia in the south Atlantic and on the Prince Edward Islands , Crozet Islands , Kerguelen Islands and Heard Island and McDonald Islands in the southern Indian Ocean . It disperses to surrounding seas and vagrants have been recorded in the Falkland Islands and Australia . While nesting burrows are usually built on scree slopes above the vegetation line , they are occasionally built on flat land .
Behaviour
The South Georgia diving petrel feeds primarily on planktonic crustaceans , particularly krill , but will also feed on small fish and young cephalopods . Breeding season is October–February . The female lays one egg that is incubated for 44–52 days . Fledging occurs in 43–60 days . Threats to the South Georgia diving petrel include skuas , cats and rats . South Georgia diving petrels are noted for their diving capabilities : `` The most proficient divers of the order Procellariformes are likely to be the diving petrels in the family Pelecanoididae . '' Dive depths for the South Georgia diving petrel have been recorded to , with most in the range of .
References
External links
South Georgia diving petrel
Birds of islands of the Atlantic Ocean
Birds of the Indian Ocean
Birds of the Campbell Islands
Birds of subantarctic islands
Fauna of the Prince Edward Islands
Fauna of Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Fauna of the Crozet Islands
Fauna of the Auckland Islands
South Georgia diving petrel
South Georgia diving petrel
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Catherine Davies or similar may refer to :
Catherine Davies ( governess ) ( 1773–after 1841 ) , Governess in Naples who sold their story in a book
Catherine Glyn Davies ( 1926–2007 ) , Welsh historian of philosophy and linguistics
Katharine Davies ( born 1968 ) , British writer of romance novels
Kathryn Davies , wife of Andrew Adonis , Baron Adonis
See also
Katherine Davis ( disambiguation )
Davies
Joanna Cupryś ( born 8 February 1972 ) is a Polish former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
References
1972 births
Living people
Polish women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Wrocław
Ressac Island ( ) is a small rocky island 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) east of Houle Island and 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) northeast of Zelee Glacier Tongue . Photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump , 1946–47 . Charted by the French Antarctic Expedition , 1949–51 , and so named by them because the surf breaks over the island . `` Ressac '' is the French word for surf .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Adélie Land
Jack Bird ( born 1997 ) is an English international indoor bowler .
Bowls career
In 2013 Bird won the Yorkshire singles and under-25 singles . Five years later in 2018 they became the English indoor champion after winning the National Men 's Indoor Singles title defeating Ryan Whitlock 21–10 . They subsequently won the British Isles Indoor title the following year which included a final win over multiple world champion Paul Foster .
They made their debut at the World Championships during the 2021 World Indoor Bowls Championship reaching the semi-finals of the open pairs with Stuart Irwin .
Personal life
They are a motor mechanic by trade .
References
1997 births
English male bowls players
Living people
An ethnic bioweapon ( or a biogenetic weapon ) is a hypothetical type of bioweapon which could preferentially target people of specific ethnicities or people with specific genotypes .
History
One of the first modern fictional discussions of ethnic weapons is in Robert A. Heinlein 's 1942 novel Sixth Column ( republished as The Day After Tomorrow ) , in which a race-specific radiation weapon is used against a so-called `` Pan-Asian '' invader .
Genetic weapons
In 1997 , U.S. Secretary of Defense William Cohen referred to the concept of an ethnic bioweapon as a possible risk . In 1998 some biological weapon experts considered such a `` genetic weapon '' plausible , and believed the former Soviet Union had undertaken some research on the influence of various substances on human genes .
In its 2000 policy paper Rebuilding America 's Defenses , think-tank Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) described ethnic bioweapons as a `` politically useful tool '' that US adversaries could have incentive to develop and utilize .
The possibility of a `` genetic bomb '' is presented in Vincent Sarich 's and Frank Miele 's book , Race : The Reality of Human Differences , published in 2004 . These authors view such weapons as technically feasible but not very likely to be used . ( page 248 of paperback edition . )
In 2004 , The Guardian reported that the British Medical Association ( BMA ) considered bioweapons designed to target certain ethnic groups as a possibility , and highlighted problems that advances in science for such things as `` treatment to Alzheimer 's and other debilitating diseases could also be used for malign purposes '' .
In 2005 , the official view of the International Committee of the Red Cross was `` The potential to target a particular ethnic group with a biological agent is probably not far off . These scenarios are not the product of the ICRC 's imagination but have either occurred or been identified by countless independent and governmental experts . ''
In 2008 , the US government held a congressional committee , ‘ Genetics and other human modification technologies : sensible international regulation or a new kind of arms race ? ' , during which it was discussed how “ we can anticipate a world where rogue ( and even not-so-rogue ) states and non-state actors attempt to manipulate human genetics in ways that will horrify us ” .
In 2012 , The Atlantic wrote that a specific virus that targets individuals with a specific DNA sequence is within possibility in the near future . The magazine put forward a hypothetical scenario of a virus which caused mild flu to the general population but deadly symptoms to the President of the United States . They cite advances in personalized gene therapy as evidence .
In 2016 , Foreign Policy magazine suggested the possibility of a virus used as an ethnic bioweapon that could sterilize a `` genetically-related ethnic population . ''
Israeli `` ethno-bomb '' controversy
In November 1998 , The Sunday Times reported that Israel was attempting to build an `` ethno-bomb '' containing a biological agent that could specifically target genetic traits present amongst Arab populations . Wired News also reported the story , as did Foreign Report .
Microbiologists and geneticists were skeptical towards the scientific plausibility of such a biological agent . The New York Post , describing the claims as `` blood libel '' , reported that the likely source for the story was a work of science fiction by Israeli academic Doron Stanitsky . Stanitsky had sent their completely fictional work about such a weapon to Israeli newspapers two years before . The article also noted the views of genetic researchers who claimed the idea as `` wholly fantastical '' , with others claiming that the weapon was theoretically possible .
Russian ban on export of biological samples
In May 2007 , it was reported that the Russian government banned all exports of human biosamples . The reason for the ban was allegedly a report by the head of FSB Nikolay Patrushev presented to Vladimir Putin . The report claimed about on-going development of `` genetic bioweapons '' targeting Russian population by Western institutions . The alleged report mentioned the Harvard School of Public Health , American International Health Alliance , Department of Medical Biotechnology of Jagiellonian University , United States Department of Justice Environment and Natural Resources Division , Institute of Genetics and Biotechnology Warsaw University , and United States Agency for International Development .
See also
Biological warfare
Race and health
SARS conspiracy theory
Pharmacogenomics
Toxicogenomics
References
External links
Genetic weapons : a 21st-century nightmare ? , Ethirajan Anbarasan , UNESCO Courier , March 1999
Is all fair in biological warfare ? , Journal of Medical Ethics , June 2009 .
New biological weapons : Science fiction or moral imperative ? , Robin Coupland , Red Cross Red Crescent , July 1999
US military agency invests $ 100m in genetic extinction technologies Neslen , Arthur , 2017-12-04 , The Guardian , access date 2018-05-01
Biological warfare
Bioterrorism
Ethnic cleansing
Genocide
XXXombies is a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Rick Remender , with art by Kieron Dwyer . It is the first series for Crawl Space , a line of horror comic books distributed by Image Comics . The first issue was released on October 24 , 2007 , one week away from Halloween that year .
Plot
In 1977 , a zombie-infected plane returning from Haiti crashes into the Hollywood sign , starting an infestation through the city . Meanwhile , a sleazy adult-film producer by the name of Wong Hung Lau plans to film various pornographic movies in a sole weekend with the hopes of earning enough money quickly to pay a large debt they have with the Italian mafia . Their plans soon fall apart when one of the performers gets turned into a zombie and Lau has to run , along with their film crew and the surviving actores .
Among them is Jenny , a promiscuous but naive girl whose father , Steve Mitchum , just arrived to Los Angeles looking for them Steve is an expert in the use of weapons and fireguns , and not even the apocalypse would stand on theirs way .
As Lau 's group tries to survive the horrors of a city overrun by vicious zombies , a group of mobsters tracks them , looking for their payment at first , and later vengeance , even taking Jenny 's former pimp as a guide/hostage .
Steve and the criminals both find what 's left of the crew ( Jenny , other two actores and a rookie sound engineer ) at the same time , who where engaged in an `` end-of-the-world orgy '' . Jenny 's friends are killed but the crime boss wants the father and daughter to suffer before they die , so orders their goons to rape them both . A discussion between the boss and a homophobic underling allows the zombified sound engineer to rise up and attack them , which in turn allows Steve to kill their captors ( and Jenny to kill their pimp ) and escape .
The comic then flashforwards to some time later . Wong Hun Lau ( who escaped prior to the encounter with the mobsters ) was living a luxurious life by prostituting zombified celebrities , when a truck makes a quick stop in their mansion . Their occupants are Jenny and Steve , who unceremoniously kill Lau with a shotgun blast and drive off .
Characters
Wong Hung Lau - Chinese adult film director
Steve Mitchum - truck driver and survivalist
Collected editions
The series has been collected into a trade paperback :
Crawl Space : XXXombies ( 96 pages , Image Comics , June 2008 , )
Film adaptation
Rick Remender has said that they and Dwyer are working on a XXXombie screenplay .
See also
Fear Agent
Sea of Red
Notes
References
External links
Crawl Space : XXXombies # 1 review , Comics Bulletin
Comics by Rick Remender
Fiction set in 1977
The Vanier Cup ( ) is the championship of Canadian university football . It is organized by U Sports football and is currently played between the winners of the Uteck Bowl and the Mitchell Bowl . It is named after Georges Vanier , the former governor general of Canada and was first awarded in 1965 to the winner of an invitational event contested between two teams that were selected by a panel . In 1967 , the trophy was declared the official `` CIAU National Football Championship '' and a playoff system was instituted . From its creation until 1982 , it was known as the Canadian College Bowl . The game typically occurs in late November , although it is occasionally played in December .
The Laval Rouge et Or have won the most Vanier Cups ( 10 ) , while the Western Mustangs have the most appearances ( 15 ) . Eighteen teams have won the Vanier Cup , while three others have played for the championship but never won . There are six active teams that have never appeared in the championship game . The most recent game , the 56th Vanier Cup , was played on December 4 , 2021 , at Stade Telus in Quebec City . In this game , the Western Mustangs defeated the Saskatchewan Huskies 27–21 to win their eighth championship .
History
The Vanier Cup was created in 1965 as the championship trophy of the Canadian College Bowl . For the first two years of competition , the Canadian College Bowl was an invitational event , with a national panel selecting two teams to play , similar to other U.S. collegiate bowl games . In 1967 , the Canadian College Bowl was declared the national football championship of the Canadian Intercollegiate Athletic Union , later Canadian Interuniversity Sport ( CIS ) and now U Sports , with a playoff system determining the two participants .
The Vanier Cup was played in Toronto , Ontario , from its inception in 1965 through 2003 . However , after the CIS opened the game to host conference bids in 2001 , the possibility arose to have games held outside Toronto . As of 2016 , 41 of the 52 Vanier Cups have been played in Toronto , five in Quebec City , four in Hamilton , one in Saskatoon , one in Vancouver and one in Montreal . No games have been staged in the Atlantic region . Four times , the game has been played in the same city and during the same weekend as the Grey Cup : 1973 , 2007 and 2012 in Toronto and in 2011 in Vancouver at BC Place Stadium .
The Vanier Cup is played between the winners of the Uteck Bowl ( formerly Atlantic Bowl ) and the Mitchell Bowl ( formerly the Churchill Bowl ) . The Uteck and Mitchell Bowls , in turn , are contested by the Loney Bowl ( AUS ) , Hardy Cup ( Canada West ) , Dunsmore Cup ( RSEQ ) , and Yates Cup ( OUA ) champions .
On June 8 , 2020 , U Sports announced that all fall athletics championships for the 2020–21 season had been cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
Awards
The Vanier Cup 's most valuable player is awarded the Ted Morris Memorial Trophy . It was first awarded at the first championship in 1965 and named in honour of Teddy Morris , who died the same year . Morris , a Hall of Fame former Toronto Argonauts player and coach , was an organizer of the first bowl and champion for developing Canadian players .
The Bruce Coulter Award was first awarded in 1992 and is dependent on what position the winner of the Ted Morris Trophy played . If the winner is from the offence , then the Bruce Coulter Award winner will be the most outstanding defensive player or vice versa . It was named after Bruce Coulter , long-time Head Coach of the Bishop 's Gaiters and former offensive and defensive player with the Montreal Alouettes in the 1950s . Coulter was inducted as a builder in the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1997 .
Broadcasting
The Vanier Cup final game is regularly broadcast nationally . From 1965 though 1976 it was broadcast on CBC Television , from 1977 through 1988 it was broadcast on the CTV Television Network . In 1989 , TSN acquired rights to the game , lasting through to 2012 ( besides a one-year stint on The Score in 2008 ) .
In November 2010 , the rights to the Vanier Cup were purchased by sports marketing company MRX . The 2011 game was held in Vancouver , on the same weekend as the 99th Grey Cup and for the first time it was fully integrated into the Grey Cup Festival as a festival event .
In 2012 , the 48th Vanier Cup , played between Laval and McMaster at Rogers Centre in Toronto became both the most attended and most watched Vanier Cup ever . Held the same weekend and in the same city as the 100th Grey Cup , the game was attended by 37,098 . The previous record was set in 1989 at the 25th Vanier Cup , when 32,847 watched the game between Western and Saskatchewan that was also played at SkyDome ( now Rogers Centre ) . The game , broadcast on TSN and RDS was watched by 910,000 .
In February 2013 , the CIS terminated the option years on their agreement with MRX opting for an open bid process for the hosting of the game . Laval University , in Quebec City , was the only bidder for the game and won the right to host the 49th Vanier Cup . In May , CIS terminated its agreement with TSN , and entered into a six-year deal with Sportsnet to broadcast its championships , including the Vanier Cup .
The switch in venues , the decoupling of the Vanier Cup from Grey Cup week , and the change in broadcaster , led to a precipitous drop in attendance and viewership . A total of 301,000 viewers watched Laval defeat the Calgary Dinos 25-14 Saturday , November 23 , 2013 , which was a decline of 64 per cent from the previous year . A standing room crowd of 18,543 were on hand at the Telus Stadium which was a decline of 50 per cent from the previous year in Toronto ( although a sellout in that venue ) . In 2019 , after several more years of declines , the Vanier Cup returned to CBC .
Championships
Key
Number of times that team has won the Vanier Cup .
Note : All Ted Morris Trophy and Bruce Coulter Award winners played for the winning team , unless otherwise noted .
A . Bob McGregor , Ted Morris Trophy winner in 1971 , played for the runner-up team .
B . In the 1972 game , the Vanier Cup Committee and Canadian Interuniversity Athletic Union officials decided to crown co-winners from the same school .
C. Rob Schrauth , Bruce Coulter Award winner in 1993 , played for the runner-up team .
D. Brent Schneider , Ted Morris Trophy winner in 1994 , played for the runner-up team .
Vanier Cup appearances
E. The Wilfrid Laurier record includes three games played as Waterloo Lutheran .
Six active teams have never played for the Vanier Cup : Bishop 's Gaiters ( AUS/RSEQ/OQIFC ) , Carleton Ravens ( OUA ) , Sherbrooke Vert-et-Or ( RSEQ ) , Waterloo Warriors ( OUA ) , Windsor Lancers ( OUA ) , and York Lions/Yeomen ( OUA ) .
See also
List of awards presented by the Governor General of Canada
List of awards named after Governors General of Canada
References
General
Specific
External links
Official Vanier Cup website
2009 Vanier Cup Media Kit
Recurring sporting events established in 1965
1965 establishments in Canada
U Sports trophies
Edward Herbert Rees ( June 3 , 1886 – October 25 , 1969 ) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas .
Born on a farm near Emporia , Kansas , their father and maternal grandparents were all born in Wales . Rees attended the public schools and the Kansas State Teachers ' College at Emporia . They taught school in Lyon County , Kansas , from 1909 to 1911 and served as clerk of the court of Lyon County from 1912 to 1918 .
Rees studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1915 , and began a law practice in Emporia . They also engaged in agricultural pursuits . Serving as a member of the Kansas House of Representatives from 1927 to 1933 , they were also a member of the Kansas Senate from 1933 to 1935 and a member of the Kansas Judicial Council from 1933 to 1937 . Rees was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-fifth Congress and to the 11 succeeding Congresses ( January 3 , 1937 – January 3 , 1961 ) . They served as chairperson of the Committee on the Post Office and Civil Service ( Eightieth and Eighty-third Congresses ) . Rees voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960 .
Rees was not a candidate for renomination in 1960 . They resumed the practice of law in Emporia , where they died on October 25 , 1969 . They were interred in Maplewood Cemetery in Emporia .
References
External links
1886 births
1969 deaths
American people of Welsh descent
People from Emporia , Kansas
Kansas state senators
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American politicians
Tony Bisignano ( born May 14 , 1952 ) is an American politician and state senator from the state of Iowa .
Bisignano first served in the Iowa House from 1987 to 1993 , and then in the Senate from 1993 to 1997 . They were reelected in 2014 .
Biography
Tony Bisignano was born in Des Moines , Iowa to Alfonso and Rose Bisignano .
They graduated from Dowling High School in 1970 . Bisignano then attended the University of Northern Iowa and Grandview College . Bisignano attended Drake University in Des Moines .
Bisignano served worked in various jobs for Polk County , Iowa and was president of AFSCME Local 1868 , eventually becoming a project manager for the Polk County Board of Supervisors . They are a member of the Italian/American Cultural Center and is a past board member of Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Greater Des Moines .
Iowa House
Bisignano served in the Iowa House representing the 80th district from 1987 until 1993 when they were elected to the Senate .
Iowa Senate
Bisignano served in the Iowa Senate representing the 34th district from 1993 until 1997 .
Bisignano ran for the Iowa Senate again in 2014 and was elected to represent the 17th district . They serve as the chairperson of the Labor and Business Relations Committee .
Personal life
Bisignano is married to Kimberly Caudill . They have two daughters , Emily and Allison . Their son Nick was killed in an auto accident .
Bisignano is a Roman Catholic and worships at St. Anthony 's Catholic Church .
References
1952 births
Living people
Iowa Democrats
Iowa state senators
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
Drake University alumni
University of Northern Iowa alumni
21st-century American politicians
American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees people
Divarilima is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Limidae , the file shells or file clams .
Species
Divarilima albicoma ( Dall , 1886 )
Divarilima pellucida
Divarilima sydneyensis ( Hedley , 1904 )
References
SealifeBase
TePapa
Limidae
Bivalve genera
The Tiger 's Wife is the debut novel of Serbian-American writer Téa Obreht . It was published in 2011 by Weidenfeld & Nicolson , a British imprint of Orion Books , and by Random House in America . Obreht won the 2011 Orange Prize for Fiction for The Tiger 's Wife . Obreht was the youngest winner of the prize to date , winning at age 25 .
Story
The Tiger 's Wife is set in an unnamed Balkan country , spanning the mid 20th-century to the early 21st century . It features a young doctor 's relationship with their grandfather and the stories they tell them Them grandfather retells stories about the 'deathless man ' who meets them several times in different places and who does n't die , regardless of the danger they face ; and a deaf-mute girl from their childhood village who befriends a tiger that has escaped from a nearby zoo .
Background
The novel was largely written while Obreht was attending Cornell University . Portions of the novel were excerpted in The New Yorker in June 2009 . When Obreht was asked to summarize the story by a university journalist , they replied , `` It 's a family saga that takes place in a fictionalized province of the Balkans . It 's about a female narrator and their relationship to their grandfather , who 's a doctor . It 's a saga about doctors and their relationships to death throughout all these wars in the Balkans . ''
Reception
The poet Charles Simic wrote in The New York Review of Books that The Tiger 's Wife `` is a remarkable first novel '' . Simic went on to say , `` Téa Obreht is an extraordinarily talented writer , skilled at combining different types of narrative — from objective depiction of events to stories mixing the fabulous and the real — in a way that brings to mind the novels of Mikhail Bulgakov , Gabriel García Márquez , and Milorad Pavić , the Serbian author of Dictionary of the Khazars . '' A review in the New Zealand Herald notes that , `` Reviewers have praised Obreht 's vibrant imagery and skilful interweaving of fact and folklore , ritual and superstition . British paper the Sunday Times dubbed their ' a compelling new voice ' ; its rival the Daily Telegraph ' a natural born storyteller ' . '' New York Times reviewer Liesl Schillinger praised the novel , asserting that it was `` filled with astonishing immediacy and presence , fleshed out with detail that seems firsthand . ''
The Tiger 's Wife won the British Orange Prize for Fiction in 2011 . The annual prize , recognises `` excellence , originality and accessibility in women 's writing from throughout the world '' , then included £30,000 cash and the `` Bessie '' , a limited edition bronze figurine . At 25 , Obreht was the youngest winner of the Orange Prize at the time of their award .
In 2011 Obreht was also a finalist for the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction and the University of Wales Dylan Thomas Prize for English-language writers age 18 to 30 .
References
2010 novels
Novels by Téa Obreht
Weidenfeld & Nicolson books
Women 's Prize for Fiction-winning works
Books about tigers
Novels about death
Novels set in zoos
2010 debut novels
Johannes Sløk ( 27 April 1916 in Frederiksberg – 30 June 2001 ) was a Danish philosopher , professor at the University of Aarhus and founder of `` Idéhistorie '' ( History of ideas ) , an interdisciplinary discipline mainly about writings pertaining to the ideas of Western culture since Antiquity . The concept is now the `` Department of Philosophy and History of Ideas '' a department under the faculty of humanities of Aarhus University . During the student rising of 1968 , Sløk was forced to leave their position as professor at Idéhistorie , and the institute became oriented around the Marxist theory . Sløk instead was granted a special position at the Department of Theology , as professor of analytic theology . Sløk was one of the four Aarhus theologians and wrote a series of books on religion and its meaning to the modern man .
Works
Forsynstanken : et Forsøg paa en dogmatisk Begrebsbestemmelse , disputats , 1947 .
Platon , 1950 .
Die Formbildungen der Sprache und die Kategorie der Verkündigung , 1951 .
Die Anthropologie Kierkegaards , 1954 .
Tradition og nybrud : Pico Mirandola , 1957 .
Kristen moral før og nu , 1959 .
Det religiøse instinkt , 1960 .
Platon , 1960 .
De europæiske ideers historie ( medforfatter ) , 1962 .
Søren Kierkegaard , 1963 .
Eksistentialisme , 1964 .
Stoikerne , 1966 .
Det absurde teater og Jesu forkyndelse , 1968 .
Hvad er idehistorie ? , 1968 .
Fylde eller tomhed : en idehistorisk skitse , 1968 .
Kritiske bemærkninger , kroniksamling , 1973 .
Nicolaus Cusanus og hans filosofiske system , bd.1 . Cusanus ' dialog om visdommen , bd . 2. , 1974 .
Kierkegaard - humanismens tænker , 1978 .
Teologiens elendighed , 1979 .
Da Kierkegaard tav , 1980 .
Det religiøse sprog , 1981 .
Den kristne forkyndelse , 1983 .
Kierkegaards univers . En ny guide til geniet , 1983 .
Da Gud fortalte en historie , 1985 .
Mig og Godot . Erindringsforskydninger , 1986 .
Religionsfilosofiske problemer , 1987 .
Opgøret mellem filosofi og retorik . Platons dialog `` Gorgias '' , 1987 .
Herre , giv mig mere vantro , 1988 .
Det their samfund , 1989 .
Da mennesket tog magten , 1989 .
Shakespeare . Renæssancen som drama , 1990 .
Hvad i alverden er verden ? , 1991 .
Moralen der blev væk , 1993 .
80 år med Gud . Afhandlinger og essays , 1996 .
Opdagelsen af mennesket , 1996 .
Mennesket og verden , 1996 .
Livets elendighed . Kierkegaard og Schopenhauer , 1997 .
Prædikener , 1998 .
Shakespeare translations
Romeo og Julie , 1969 .
Othello , 1970 .
Macbeth , 1970 .
Lige for lige , 1970 .
Kong Lear , 1970 .
Othello , 1971 .
Hamlet Prins af Danmark , 1971 .
Tragedien om Julius Cæsar , 1972 .
Antonius og Cleopatra , 1972 .
Som man behager ; 1978 .
Vintereventyret , 1981 .
Uvejret , 1983 .
Tragedien om Richard 3 , 1984 .
Kong Henrik 4 1. og 2. del , 1985 .
References
External links
1916 births
2001 deaths
People from Frederiksberg
20th-century Danish philosophers
20th-century Danish translators
Aarhus University faculty
Translators of William Shakespeare
In the 2009–10 season , USM Blida is competing in the National for the 25th season , as well as the Algerian Cup . They will be competing in Ligue 1 , and the Algerian Cup .
Squad list
Players and squad numbers last updated on 18 November 2009.Note : Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality .
Competitions
Overview
{ | class= '' wikitable '' style= '' text-align : center ''
|-
! rowspan=2|Competition
! colspan=8|Record
! rowspan=2|Started round
! rowspan=2|Final position / round
! rowspan=2|First match
! rowspan=2|Last match
|-
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
|-
| National
|
| 14th
| 6 August 2009
| 31 May 2010
|-
| Algerian Cup
| Round of 64
| Round of 16
| 25 September 2009
| 16 March 2010
|-
! Total
National
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Algerian Cup
Squad information
Playing statistics
|-
! colspan=10 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=10 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=10 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=10 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=10 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
Transfers
In
Out
References
External links
2009–10 USM Blida season at dzfoot.com
USM Blida seasons
Algerian football clubs 2009–10 season
Al-Remas Music Productions Ltd. is a company specialized in the production and distribution of music with a focus on promoting artists from Iraq and the Persian Gulf . Founded by Rafat Albadr in 2013 , the channel specializes in Arabic-language music .
See also
Television in Iraq
References
External links
Music Al Remas TV Official website
Television stations in Iraq
Arab mass media
Arabic-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 2013
Arab Spring and the media
Nantclwyd Hall is a 17th-century Grade II * listed mansion near the village of Llanelidan , Denbighshire , Wales , built by the Parry family , and rebuilt by Eubule Thelwall ( c. 1622–95 ) and their wife Mary Parry , the heiress of the estate .
History
Thomas Wyn ap John ap Harry and the Parrys
Thomas Wynn ap John ap Harry purchased land at Llanelidan ( as well as Nantclwyd y Dre ) in 1571 . They had two sons : Simon , who extended both properties , and Gabriel , who became Headmaster of Ruthin School in 1607 .
The existing buildings at Nantclwyd Hall originated in the 17th century .
Simon Parry spent a few years as a lawyer in London and bought additional land in Llanelidan in 1603 ; deeds from this year contain the first mention of `` Nantclwyd '' , the meaning of which is `` the brook over the river Clwyd '' . The word probably referred to the township rather than to a house ; the original house was called `` Pont-y-gof '' , which would have been on or near the site of the present Nantclwyd Hall . Simon Parry was the first of the family to copy the English way of using surnames rather than `` the son of Harry '' ( `` ap Harry '' ) .
They married Jane Thelwall , daughter of John Thelwall of Llanrhydd . At this time they also extended Nantclwyd y Dre by adding a south range to the medieval house , including a parlour , a bedchamber and a two-storey north-west wing , all of which still exist . Their marriage settlement of 1620 mentions the name of their dwelling as being `` Plas yn Pont y Go '' . When Simon died in 1627 the house was passed on to their son William ( b . 1605 ) as their eldest son had been disinherited . An inventory drawn up in this year describes the furnishing in great detail . William followed their father 's footsteps , matriculated at Jesus College , Oxford and also became a lawyer in London . They had but one daughter – Mary – and at the death of their father they inherited a thousand-acre estate in and around Llanelidan as well as Nantclwyd y Dre .
The Thelwalls
Mary Parry married Eubule Thelwall ( c. 1622–95 ) in 1653 . The Thelwalls originally came to the Ruthin area from Thelwall in Cheshire and , like the Parry 's , were also a family of lawyers . Eubule 's great-uncle was Sir Eubule Thelwall ( 1562–1630 ) was Principal of Jesus College , Oxford and MP for Denbighshire . As a young man they served in the siege of Denbigh Castle , and was sent by the Governor of the castle ( William Salesbury ) to Charles I to seek their permission to surrender . They were described as of Gray 's Inn in 1659 and living in Nantclwyd , Llanelidan from 1662 onwards . They added land to the estate in the 1660s . Eubule had a great interest in gardening , as can be seen in their correspondence with Sir Walter Bagot . Their monument in Llanelidan Church lists their eleven children . There is evidence that Eubule and Mary moved to their town house in 1688 , when their son ( also named Eubule ) had come of age . Eubule , like their father , was a very sober lawyer , and a record shows that in 1701 they ordered constables to apprehend those who profaned the Sabbath by dancing , playing bowls or tennis . They married Susan , daughter of Sir Roger Puleston of Emral , Flintshire and when they died in 1713 the main line of the Thelwalls of Nantclwyd ended . The main estate of Nantclwyd was inherited by their daughter , Martha , who married Andrew Kenrick of Cernioge .
19th and 20th centuries
The house became the country seat of the Naylor-Leyland baronets , being the private residence of Herbert Naylor-Leyland ( 1864–99 ) , followed by their son Albert Naylor-Leyland , 2nd Baronet ( 1890–1952 ) .
In 1873 , Major Walter Clopton Wingfield ( 1833–1912 ) introduced friends at the estate to lawn tennis , calling `` Sphairistike '' . The rules of modern tennis were created there and then .
It later became the residence of Sir Vivyan ( or Vyvian ) Edward Naylor-Leyland , 3rd Baronet ( 1924–87 ) , who altered it . They hired architect Clough Williams-Ellis ( 1883–1978 ) to reduce the main house in size , removing wings at the rear , adding a new south elevation facing a new formal garden , gates and gazebos on the site of the demolished parts , with a fibreglass temple , stables with a clock tower , a ceremonial arch , a bridge carrying the drive over the river , and a dovecote .
It is currently the residence of Sir Philip Vyvyan Naylor-Leyland , 4th Baronet ( born 1953 ) . Sir Philip hired Belinda Eade to create a grotto .
Architecture
Nantclwyd Hall has been listed as Grade II * since July 16 , 1966 . Additionally , each of the features below is Grade II listed :
Archway with clock tower at entrance to the service yard
Bridge on the main drive
Castellated shooting hide over pond outfall
East gateway at south perimeter road
Lakeside rotunda
Main gateway to the hall
Office range at south west of the hall
Stag and hounds sculpture and pedestal on entrance axis to the hall
Walled garden to the south-east of the hall , with gazebos and pavilions
West ( former main ) gates
West entrance lodge
West gateway at south perimeter road
References
Grade II * listed buildings in Denbighshire
Houses in Denbighshire
Country houses in Wales
Georgian architecture in Wales
Tennis in Wales
Llanelidan
Grade II * listed houses
History of tennis
Naylor-Leyland family
Country estates in Wales
Richard Newdigate may refer to :
Sir Richard Newdigate , 1st Baronet ( 1602–1678 ) , MP for Tamworth 1660
Sir Richard Newdigate , 2nd Baronet ( 1644–1710 ) , MP for Warwickshire 1681–85 , 1689–90
Richard Newdigate ( 1679–1745 ) , MP for Newark 1710–15
See also
Newdigate ( surname )
Newdigate , a village in Surrey
In mathematics , a Heilbronn set is an infinite set S of natural numbers for which every real number can be arbitrarily closely approximated by a fraction whose denominator is in S. For any given real number and natural number , it is easy to find the integer such that is closest to . For example , for the real number and we have . If we call the closeness of to the difference between and , the closeness is always less than 1/2 ( in our example it is 0.15926 ... ) . A collection of numbers is a Heilbronn set if for any we can always find a sequence of values for in the set where the closeness tends to zero .
More mathematically let denote the distance from to the nearest integer then is a Heilbronn set if and only if for every real number and every there exists such that .
Examples
The natural numbers are a Heilbronn set as Dirichlet 's approximation theorem shows that there exists with .
The th powers of integers are a Heilbronn set . This follows from a result of I. M. Vinogradov who showed that for every and there exists an exponent and such that . In the case Hans Heilbronn was able to show that may be taken arbitrarily close to 1/2 . Alexandru Zaharescu has improved Heilbronn 's result to show that may be taken arbitrarily close to 4/7 .
Any Van der Corput set is also a Heilbronn set .
Example of a non-Heilbronn set
The powers of 10 are not a Heilbronn set . Take then the statement that for some is equivalent to saying that the decimal expansion of has run of three zeros or three nines somewhere . This is not true for all real numbers .
References
Analytic number theory
Diophantine approximation
Van Hulssen Island is a small island lying northwest of Flat Islands in Holme Bay , Antarctica . It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition , 1936–37 , and perhaps included in the scattered islands which they called Ytterskjera . Van Hulssen Island was included in a triangulation carried out by ANARE ( Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions ) in 1954 , and in 1955 a party established an automatic meteorological station there . It was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia ( ANCA ) for F.A . Van Hulssen , the radio station supervisor at Mawson Station in 1955 .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Mac . Robertson Land
This is a list of Korean surnames , in Hangul alphabetical order . Note : ( S ) denotes South Korea . ( N ) denotes North Korea .
The most common Korean family name ( particularly in South Korea ) is Kim , followed by Lee and Park . These three family names are held by around half of the ethnic Korean population . , 286 Korean family names were in use . However , each family name is divided into one or more clans ( bon-gwan ) and to identify a person 's family name , the identification of a person 's clan is needed .
See also
Family register ( Hangul : 호주 , Hanja : 戶主 )
Korean culture
Korean language
Korean name
List of common Chinese surnames
References
External links
Degrees of Courtesy and Communication Styles in the Korean Language , by K. B. Kurotchenko .
Image of pie graph showing the most prevalent names , in Hangul and Hanja
The links below are solely in Korean .
List including vanished names , with clan profiles .
List of living names , with clan profiles .
List of names with Naver Encyclopedia entries .
2000 South Korean census results data by surname and clan .
2000 South Korean census results by surname and clan .
2000 South Korean census results by surname , sorted .
2015 South Korean lists of Family name .
South Korean statistics portal site .
Family names
Family names
surnames
Deadspin is a sports blog founded by Will Leitch in 2005 and based in Chicago . Previously owned by Gawker Media and Univision Communications , it is currently owned by G/O Media .
Deadspin posted daily previews , recaps , and commentaries of major sports stories , as well as sports-related anecdotes , rumors , and videos . In addition to covering sports , the site wrote about the media , pop culture , and politics , and published several non-sports sub-sections , including The Concourse and the humor blog Adequate Man . Contrasting with traditional sports updates of other outlets , Deadspin was known for its irreverent , conversational tone , often injecting crude humor into its writing and taking a critical lens to the topics it covered . Over time , the site expanded into more investigative journalism and broke several stories , including the revelation of the Manti Te ' o girlfriend hoax . Alumni writers of Deadspin have gone on to work for The New York Times , The Washington Post , and Sports Illustrated .
During October and November 2019 , the website 's entire writing and editorial staff resigned due to conflicts with G/O Media management over a directive to `` stick to sports '' content only . Deadspin began publishing content again in March 2020 . The site has suffered after the mass resignations , reportedly attracting only 10.22 % of its previous readership .
History
Deadspin was founded in December 2005 by editor-in-chief Will Leitch , an author and at that time a founding editor of the New York City-based culture website , `` The Black Table '' , in their New York City apartment , where they wrote 40 blog posts a day . The blog joined the Gawker Media network of websites . Leitch announced on June 5 , 2008 , that they would be leaving to take a position at New York magazine . They were replaced by A. J. Daulerio , former senior writer for the site . Author and journalist Drew Magary , formerly a frequent contributor to the site 's comments section , joined as an editor and chief columnist in 2008 .
Time magazine named the site one of the 50 coolest websites of 2006 .
Deadspin was one of six websites that were purchased by Univision Communications in their acquisition of Gawker Media in August 2016 . The Gizmodo Media Group was subsequently formed to operate the properties .
The website 's masthead consisted of editor-in-chief Megan Greenwell , managing editor Tom Ley , and senior editor Diana Moskovitz , along with a staff of full-time writers and regular contributors .
Conflicts with G/O Media management
In April 2019 , the Gizmodo Media Group was purchased by private equity firm Great Hill Partners and was renamed G/O Media , with Jim Spanfeller appointed as CEO . Greenwell resigned from Deadspin effective August 23 , 2019 . They cited dysfunction caused by corporate management , attempts by them to intimidate writers out of reporting on it , and undermining and condescending to the site 's senior staff .
In late October 2019 , the editorial staff across several G/O Media sites , including Deadspin , posted articles acknowledging complaints from readers about advertisements that were autoplaying with audio . The Deadspin post said that the editorial staff `` are as upset with the current state of our site 's user experience as [ readers ] are '' but that they could not control the `` ad experience '' . The posts were subsequently removed by G/O Media management . The Gizmodo Media Group ( GMG ) union , which represents editors and writers across the G/O Media sites and is supported by Writers Guild of America , East , responded to the post removals with a statement that said , `` We condemn this action in the strongest possible terms . '' According to The Wall Street Journal , G/O Media enabled the autoplaying ads in an attempt to fulfill the terms of an advertising deal it agreed to with Farmers Insurance Group . The companies had signed a deal worth $ 1 million that was planned to run from September 2019 – 2020 and required G/O Media to deliver 43.5 million impressions . However , after the first few weeks of the campaign , the G/O media and operations teams did not think they could meet that goal and subsequently enabled the ads . Farmers ultimately backed out of the deal on October 30 .
That same week , G/O Media editorial director Paul Maidment sent a memo to Deadspin employees ordering them to discontinue any content not related to sports . They said that in order to `` create as much great sports journalism '' as possible , `` Deadspin will write only about sports and that which is relevant to sports in some way . '' The GMG union called the changes in the site 's content `` undermin [ ing ] the nearly two decades of work writers have put into building a profitable brand with an enormous , dedicated readership '' . On October 29 , following the memo , staffers filled the site 's front page with non-sports stories that had been among the site 's most popular in the past ; by that afternoon , interim editor-in-chief Barry Petchesky had been fired for `` not sticking to sports . ''
As a result of Petchesky 's firing , at least 10 employees participated in a mass resignation on October 30 . Among those who left were Ley , writers Albert Burneko , Kelsey McKinney , Patrick Redford , Lauren Theisen , Chris Thompson , and Laura Wagner . Moskovitz also announced their departure , though they had given them two weeks ' notice the week prior . Comments on the site were subsequently disabled as well . The GMG union posted a statement saying : `` Today , a number of our colleagues at Deadspin resigned from their positions . From the outset , CEO Jim Spanfeller has worked to undermine a successful site by curtailing its most well-read coverage because it makes them personally uncomfortable . This is not what journalism looks like , and this is not what editorial independence looks like . 'Stick to sports ' is and always been a thinly veiled euphemism for 'do n't speak truth to power . ' In addition to being bad business , Spanfeller 's actions are morally reprehensible . '' On October 31 , Magary and Dan McQuade announced their departures . By November 1 , the entire staff of nearly 20 writers and editors had announced their resignations or already departed . U.S . Senator Bernie Sanders expressed their support for the editorial staff , tweeting , `` I stand with the former @ Deadspin workers who decided not to bow to the greed of private equity vultures like @ JimSpanfeller . This is the kind of greed that is destroying journalism across the country , and together we are going to take them on '' .
Maidment resigned from G/O Media on November 5 , 2019 , stating that it was the `` right moment '' to `` pursue an entrepreneurial opportunity '' .
On January 10 , 2020 , G/O Media announced its decision to move Deadspin operations from New York City to Chicago , where it would operate as part of The Onion .
On January 31 , 2020 , Ley and several other former writers established Unnamed Temporary Sports Blog , an interim site sponsored by Dashlane that operated exclusively over Super Bowl LIV weekend . The site reopened for the week of April 20 , sponsored by a cannabis oil company . In July 2020 , they subsequently announced a new subscription-based sports and culture website , Defector .
The first new content posted to the Deadspin site following the resignations appeared on March 13 , 2020 , as new editor-in-chief Jim Rich announced that the website was building a new team . New articles began publishing earlier than planned due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
Reporting
Deadspin broke the story of NFL quarterback Brett Favre 's alleged sexual misconduct toward journalist Jenn Sterger .
Deadspin also broke the story of Sarah Phillips , a reporter hired by ESPN who lied about their identity and credentials to staffers in order to gain employment .
In 2013 , Deadspin broke the news that the reported September 2012 death of the girlfriend of Notre Dame All-American linebacker Manti Te ' o , which Te ' o had said inspired them during the 2012 season , was apparently a hoax . Deadspin found no evidence that the girlfriend had ever existed , much less died . A 2022 documentary , Untold : The Girlfriend Who Did n't Exist , features former staffers Timothy Burke and Jack Dickey speaking about the methods Deadspin used in exposing the hoax .
Deadspin received attention for `` buying '' a vote for the Baseball Hall of Fame election in 2013 . The site announced in late November 2013 that it had acquired a vote from a BBWAA writer which was `` purchased '' not through a cash payment to the writer , but instead to a charity of the writer 's choice . On January 8 , after the Hall of Fame voting was announced , Deadspin revealed that its voter was Miami Herald sportswriter Dan Le Batard . Le Batard was heavily criticized by fellow sportswriters for `` selling '' their vote . The BBWAA permanently revoked their Hall of Fame voting privileges and suspended their membership for one year .
In 2014 , Deadspin provided coverage of the Gamergate controversy , `` expos [ ing ] a shocking view of sexism and harassment in the gaming industry to the wider public '' , according to Salon .
On October 15 , 2014 , Deadspin published an article which alleged that Cory Gardner , the Republican who ran for the U.S. Senate in Colorado , had faked their high school football career . Later that day , Gardner tweeted photographic evidence of themselves in their football uniform as a teenager , and the main source of the story said the report mischaracterized their comments . In response , Deadspin published an article entitled : `` How Deadspin Fucked Up The Cory Gardner Story '' , stating : `` we 're sorry and embarrassed '' , it was `` shitty '' of them to have wronged Gardner , and `` the only thing for us to do now is to eat shit . ''
After Deadspin posted an article asking readers to post proof of Ted Cruz playing basketball , Cruz responded by jokingly tweeting a picture of Duke University star Grayson Allen , which then prompted Deadspin to reply with `` Go eat shit . ''
In July 2017 , Deadspin sparked controversy when in response to Senator John McCain 's brain cancer diagnosis , Deadspins Twitter account tweeted that the website did not want to `` hear another fucking word about John McCain unless they die or does something useful for once . ''
In March 2018 , The Concourse posted a video showcasing versions of a controversial `` journalistic responsibility '' promo being produced by television stations owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group , which helped bring mainstream attention to them .
Deadspins former last post each evening ( before the October staff resignations ) , called DUAN ( `` Deadspin Up All Night '' ) , was infamous for its occasionally viral and usually wildly diverse commentaries .
Under the new staff , the site has occasionally drawn controversy for the quality of its reporting and editing . In 2021 , critics claimed the site mishandled reporting related to a clash between Rachel Nichols and Maria Taylor at ESPN
Later that year , the site was criticized for calling ESPN anchor Sage Steele `` the Black Candace Owens . '' Owens , a conservative commentator , is Black , while Steele is biracial .
In 2022 , the site published a story criticizing San Francisco 49ers offensive coordinator Mike McDaniel as `` another young , white guy . '' McDaniel has spoken at length about growing up biracial . After the article 's publication , an editor 's note was appended to the piece but none of the copy was changed .
See also
Defector Media
References
External links
Gawker Media
American sport websites
Internet properties established in 2005
2005 establishments in the United States
Former Univision Communications subsidiaries
3-Hydroxyisonicotinaldehyde ( HINA ) , also known as 3-hydroxypyridine-4-carboxaldehyde , is a derivative of pyridine , with hydroxyl and aldehyde substituents . It has been studied as a simple analogue of vitamin B6 . In 2020 , it was reported as having the lowest molecular weight of all dyes which exhibit green fluorescence .
Preparation
3-Hydroxyisonicotinaldehyde was first prepared in 1958 by oxidation of 3-hydroxy-4-pyridinemethanol with manganese dioxide . Alternative syntheses have also been reported .
Spectroscopic properties
The absorption spectrum of HINA has been the subject of studies dating back to the 1950s , owing to its relationship to vitamin B6 and pyridoxal , of which it is a simple analogue . However , its fluorescent properties were not described until 2020 . It is noteworthy for having a green-emitting fluorophore with a wavelength of maximum emission ( λem , max ) at 525 nm in aqueous solution at alkaline pH , making it the compound of the lowest molecular weight to display that property . In acidic solutions , the fluorescence is less intense and becomes blue ; the compound has isosbestic points at 270 and 341 nm .
The molecular basis of the observed properties is the presence of a push-pull fluorophore , a feature of many fluorescent and luminescent compounds . At pH above 7.1 in aqueous solutions , HINA is in its anionic form , with its absorbance peak at 385 nm and emission peak at 525 nm . The anion contains just 13 atoms , with a molecular mass of 122 Da . The quantum yield for the emission is 15 % , with an emission lifetime of 1.0 ns . The observed Stokes shift of 6900 cm−1 is typical of push-pull dyes .
Uses
In mechanistic studies of vitamin B6
HINA has been used as an analogue of pyridoxal 5′-phosphate , the active form of the coenzyme vitamin B6 . It is an especially good mimic for the enzyme-bound form of that compound , better than the vitamin or pyridoxal . The enzyme mechanism involves imine formation , giving a Schiff 's base , and such derivatives of HINA with amino acids have been studied for their reaction kinetics , leading to insights about the enzymes which use pyridoxal 5-phosphate .
As a dyestuff
Stable dyes of low molecular weight which are water soluble are useful in biological systems . HINA has been used to detect and quantify the presence of cysteine in aqueous solutions .
References
Hydroxypyridines
Aldehydes
Fluorescent dyes
Kilworth ( ) is a village in north County Cork , located about 2 kilometres north of Fermoy near the river Funcheon . The M8 Cork–Dublin motorway passes nearby . Kilworth has an army camp , located on the R639 regional road between Mitchelstown and Fermoy . Kilworth is part of the Cork East Dáil constituency .
History
The name Kilworth comes from the Irish language term `` Cill Úird '' , literally meaning `` church of the order '' . In the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , Kilworth was a notable settlement on the old Dublin to Cork road , prior to the construction of the T6/old N8/R639 road from Fermoy to Cashel and from Cashel to Urlingford between 1739 and the mid-nineteenth century . Numerous accounts and maps dating from the 1680s tell of armies and travellers journeying from Fermoy to Clogheen and onwards to Dublin via Kilworth and Kilworth Mountain .
Notable residents
One of Kilworth 's most notable residents was David Richard Pigot , who became Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer and one of the foremost Irish judges of their day . They were born in Kilworth about 1796 , son of John Pigot , a doctor , and their wife Margaret Nagle . David Pigot 's eldest son , John Edward Pigot , was also born in Kilworth and was one of the founders of the National Gallery of Ireland .
Amenities and attractions
Kilworth Arts centre is a theatre venue in the centre of the village . It was previously used as a church .
Kilworth ( Glenseskin ) forest is located about 1 km from the village centre .
Economy
Teagasc has an agricultural research facility based at Moorepark , just outside Kilworth . The village is within commuting distance of many centres of employment , including Cork city .
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
References
Towns and villages in County Cork
Civil parishes of County Cork
The women 's hammer throw event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 11 June in Port Louis , Mauritius .
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Hammer throws at the African Championships in Athletics
Torcello ( ; ) is a sparsely populated island at the northern end of the Venetian Lagoon , in north-eastern Italy . It was first settled in the year 452 and has been referred to as the parent island from which Venice was populated . It was a town with a cathedral and bishops before St Mark 's Basilica was built .
History
After the downfall of the Western Roman Empire , Torcello was one of the first lagoon islands to be successively populated by those Veneti who fled the terra ferma ( mainland ) to take shelter from the recurring barbarian invasions , especially after Attila the Hun had destroyed the city of Altinum and all of the surrounding settlements in 452 . Although the hard-fought Veneto region formally belonged to the Byzantine Exarchate of Ravenna since the end of the Gothic War , it remained unsafe on account of frequent Gothic ( Sarmatian ) invasions and wars : during the following 200 years the Lombards and the Franks fuelled a permanent influx of sophisticated urban refugees to the island 's relative safety , including the Bishop of Altino himself . In 638 , Torcello became the bishop 's official seat for more than a thousand years and the people of Altinum brought with them the relics of Saint Heliodorus , now the patron saint of the island .
Torcello benefited from and maintained close cultural and trading ties with Constantinople : however , being a rather distant outpost of the Eastern Roman Empire , it could establish de facto autonomy from the eastern capital .
Torcello rapidly grew in importance as a political and trading centre : in the 10th century it had a population often estimated at 10,000-35,000 people , with 20,000 the most commonly cited estimate . However , some recent estimates by archeologists place it at closer to a maximum of 3,000 . In pre-Medieval times , Torcello was a much more powerful trading center than Venice . Thanks to the lagoon 's salt marshes , the salines became Torcello 's economic backbone and its harbour developed quickly into an important re-export market in the profitable east-west-trade , which was largely controlled by Byzantium during that period .
The Black Death devastated the Venice Republic in 1348 and again between 1575 and 1577 . In three years , the plague killed some 50,000 people . In 1630 , the Italian plague of 1629–31 killed a third of Venice 's 150,000 citizens . A further serious issue for Torcello specifically was that the swamp area of the lagoon around the island increased by the 14th century , partly because of the lowering of the land level . Navigation in the laguna morta ( dead lagoon ) was impossible before long and traders ceased calling at the island . The growing swamps also seriously aggravated malaria .
As a result , by the late 14th century , a substantial number of people left the island for Murano , Burano or Venice . In 1689 , the bishopric transferred to Murano , and by 1797 , the population had dropped to about 300 . It now has a full-time population of just 10 people , including the parish priest , according to some sources , and only 12 in 2018 .
Sights
Torcello 's numerous palazzi , its twelve parishes and its sixteen cloisters have almost disappeared since the Venetians recycled the useful building material . One small palazzo is the only remaining medieval structure , consisting of a cathedral , a church , the town 's former council chamber and archives ( which house the museum ) , and the nearby basilica and campanile ; the latter two were rebuilt in the year 1008 .
Today 's main attraction is the Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta , founded in 639 . It is of basilica-form with side aisles but no crossing , and has much 11th and 12th century Byzantine work , including mosaics ( e.g . a vivid version of the Last Judgement ) . Other attractions include the 11th and 12th century church of Santa Fosca , in the form of a Greek cross , which is surrounded by a semi-octagonal porticus , and the Museo Provinciale di Torcello housed in two fourteenth century palaces , the Palazzo dell'Archivio and the Palazzo del Consiglio , which was once the seat of the communal government .
Another noteworthy sight for tourists is an ancient stone chair , known as Attila 's Throne . It has , however , nothing to do with the king of the Huns , but may have been the podestà 's or the bishop 's chair , or the seat where chief magistrates were inaugurated .
Torcello is also home to a Devil 's Bridge , known as the Ponte del Diavolo or alternatively the Ponticello del Diavolo ( devil 's little bridge ) .
Famous residents
Ernest Hemingway spent some time there in 1948 , writing parts of Across the River and Into the Trees . The novel contains representations of Torcello and its environs . In addition , numerous famous artists , musicians , and movie stars have spent time on the island , a quiet refuge . Torcello is the background for Daphne du Maurier 's short story Do n't Look Now .
Gallery
See also
List of islands of Italy
Notes and references
External links
Frazioni of the Metropolitan City of Venice
Geography of Venice
Islands of the Venetian Lagoon
Oceansat is a series of earth observation satellites built , launched , and operated by Indian Space Research Organisation , and dedicated to oceanography and atmospheric studies . Oceansat satellites facilitate a range of applications including documenting chlorophyll concentration , phytoplankton blooms , atmospheric aerosols and particulate matter as well as marine weather forecast to predict cyclones .
Satellites
Oceansat-1
OceanSat-1 was the first Indian satellite built specifically for oceanographic applications . The satellite carried an Ocean Colour Monitor ( OCM ) and a multi-frequency scanning microwave radiometer . Oceansat-1 was launched on board a PSLV rocket on 26 May 1999 .
It was capable of detecting eight spectrums ranging from 400 nm to 885 nm , all in the visible or near infrared spectrums . The second , the Multi-frequency Scanning Microwave Radiometer , collects data by measuring microwave radiation passing through the atmosphere over the ocean . This offers information including sea surface temperature , wind speed , cloud water content , and water vapour content .
Although initially launched with a lifespan of 5 years , Oceansat-1 completed its mission on August 8 , 2010 , after serving for 11 years and 2 months .
Oceansat-2
Oceansat-2 is designed to provide service continuity for operational users of the Ocean Colour Monitor ( OCM ) instrument on Oceansat-1 and enhance the potential of applications in other areas .
A swath width of 1420 km is provided . An along-track instrument tilt capability of ±20º is provided to avoid sun glint .
Satellite was launched aboard a PSLV-CA on 23 September 2009 .
SCATSAT-1
SCATSAT-1 was launched in 2016 after SCAT ( Scanning scatterometer ) on Oceansat-2 became dysfunctional after its life span of four-and-a-half years . SCATSAT carries a Ku-band scatterometer similar to the one on Oceansat-2 .
Oceansat-3
Expected to be launched between August–September 2022 , Oceansat-3 will provide continuity to operators of OCM and enhanced ability in other applications by way of simultaneous Sea Surface Temperature ( SST ) measurements . As of March 2021 , ISRO and CNES completed interface control document to accommodate Argos in Oceansat-3 .
Launch schedule
See also
Indian Remote Sensing Programme
Cartosat
RISAT
Indian Space Research Organisation
References
Space programme of India
Earth observation satellites of India
Oceanographic satellites
Satellite series
Padatik Natya Sangsad ( Padatik theatre group ) is a Dhaka based Bangladeshi Bengali theatre group . To sustain the spirit of the Bangladesh Liberation War , the group was formed in 1978 .
History
Padatik began its journey on 21 January 1978 with a core team of spirited Dhaka University students and some former theatre workers of Kalantar Natyagosthi . The primary aim of this group was to uplift spirit , enrich culture and to sustain the spirit of the Bangladesh Liberation War ( 1971 ) . The first drama to be staged by this group was Jasimuddin 's Sojan Bandiyar Ghat . Following members started Padatik namely S.M . Solaiman , Anisuzzaman Manik , Abul Kashem Dulal , Abu Mohammad Murtaysh Kachi , Quamrul Hassan Swapan , Ulfat Rana , Selim S H Chowdhury , Golam Quddus & others . Ist Executive committee formed with Anisuzzaman Manik as president and abul Kashem Dulal as General Secretary . In 1980 Padatik formed another branch of this theatre group in Narayanganj , Bangladesh . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
The troupe has produced popular plays like “ Shojon Badiar Ghat ” , “ Tin Rostomer Goppo ” , “ Monoshar Pala ” , “ Maa ” , Chandraboti '' , “ Shey ” , “ Khetmojur Khoimuddin ” , “ Poramati ” , “ Khyapa Paglar Pyachal ” , “ Jol Balika ” & “ Dinlipi ( Mime ) ” .
Padatik promote original plays based on literary classics and rich folk heritage . The founding chief SM Solaiman , who had an affinity with folk culture . The spirit of Liberation War shaped Bangladesh theatre . Padatik Sangeet Sangsad , the musical wing of Padatik , in association with Kolkata-based cultural organization Mitali , has been arranging a Rabindra Sangeet talent hunt programme since 2005 . Young talents from Bangladesh , West Bengal , Assam and Tripura [ of India ] participate in the competition . Padatik hold the ‘ Padatik Ekushey Cultural Congress ' in Dhaka since 1998 and introduced 'Kachi Smriti Padak ' in 2004 in memory of its founder member Abu Mohammad Murtaysh Kachi .
Festivals
Since 1999 the theatre group organizes Padatik Ekushey Cultural Congress every year on 21 February in the occasion of International Mother Language Day .
Since 2003 , the group also celebrates Choitro Sangkranti Utsab , eve of Bangla New year every year . Artists , activists and different cultural group from Bangladesh and India join these festivals .
Since 2004 Padatik introduce `` Kachi Memorial Award '' in memory of its founder member Abu Mohammad Murtaysh Kachi with Padatik Drama Festival .
Productions
Stage plays
Street Plays
( in alphabetical order )
Khepa Paglar Peychal- Director : S.M . Solyman
Ajker Sangbad - Director : Kamaluddin Nilu
Bhulini Ekattor
Bishwa Behayar Porikolpana - Director : Ziillur Rahman Jhon
Choor - Director : Kazi Rafique
Ekhono kalo Megh
Hollabol - Director : Ziillur Rahman Jhon
Machine - Director : Malay Kumar Paul
Raja Canute - Director : Bahar Uddin Khelon
Rongbaji
Sari Sari Lash - Director : Kazi Rafique
Taramon Bibi - Director : Kazi Rafique
References
External links
Bengali theatre groups
Theatre companies in Bangladesh
Macrobathra antimeloda is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae . It is found in Madagascar .
Its forewings are dark fuscous with white markings and it has a wingspan of 15 mm .
See also
List of moths of Madagascar
References
Macrobathra
Moths described in 1930
Koster is the Dutch word for sexton or verger ( Küster in German ) , derived from the Latin custos .
Koster is a common surname in the Netherlands , ranking 45th in 2007 ( 15,898 people ) . People with the surname `` Koster '' or `` De Koster '' include :
Adam de Koster ( 1586–1643 ) , Flemish painter
Adrie Koster ( born 1954 ) , Dutch footballer
Annelise Koster ( born 1999 ) , Namibian artistic gymnast
Anouska Koster ( born 1993 ) , Dutch racing cyclist
Bo Koster ( born 1974 ) , American rock musician
Chava Koster , Dutch rabbi
Chris Koster ( born 1964 ) , American politician from Missouri
Chris Koster ( musician ) , Canadian singer-songwriter
Claudia Koster ( born 1992 ) , Dutch road cyclist
Cornelis H. A. Koster ( 1943–2013 ) , Dutch computer scientist
Daphne Koster ( born 1981 ) , Dutch footballer
Dominique Koster ( born 1977 ) , South African sprinter
Emma Koster ( born 1984 ) , Australian athlete
Everhardus Koster ( 1817–1892 ) , Dutch land- and seascape painter
Fred Koster ( 1905–1979 ) , American baseball player
George F. Koster ( 1927–2012 ) , American physicist a.o . known for the Slater Koster Tight-Binding method
Hans de Koster ( 1904–1992 ) , Dutch politician
Henry Koster ( 1905–1988 ) , German-born American film director
Henry Koster ( author ) ( 1793–1820 ) , English coffee-grower , explorer , botanist and author
Irene Koster ( 1921–2012 ) , Dutch swimmer
Jan Koster ( born 1945 ) , Dutch linguist
Jans Koster ( born 1938 ) , Dutch swimmer
Jared Koster ( born 1991 ) , Canadian football linebacker
Joëlle Rollo-Koster ( born 1960s ) , French historian
John Koster ( 1844–1895 ) , American impresario of the Koster and Bial 's Music Hall
John Koster ( born 1951 ) , Washington State politician
Julian Koster ( born 1972 ) , American musician
Karen Koster ( born 1980 ) , Irish-Dutch television presenter
Kym Koster ( born 1973 ) , Australian rules footballer
Laure Koster ( 1902–1999 ) , Luxembourgian swimmer
Laurens Janszoon Koster ( 1370–1440 ) , Dutch printer
Lou Koster ( 1889–1973 ) , Luxembourgian composer and pianist
Luis Koster ( born 1949 ) , Uruguayan basketball player
Martijn Koster ( born 1970 ) , Dutch software engineer
Martin Koster ( born 1950 ) , Dutch writer
Maureen Koster ( born 1992 ) , Dutch middle-distance runner
Nick Köster ( born 1989 ) , South African rugby union player
R. M. Koster ( born 1934 ) , American author
Raph Koster ( born 1971 ) , American computer entrepreneur
Samuel W. Koster ( 1919–2006 ) , American army officer
Sepp Koster ( born 1974 ) , Dutch racing driver
See also
Coster
Köster
Koester
Koster ( disambiguation )
References
Dutch-language surnames
Occupational surnames
de : Koster
nl : Koster
The discography of Isobel Campbell , a Scottish musician and vocalist , consists of four solo studio albums , seven singles , a studio album in collaboration with Bill Wells and three with Mark Lanegan as well as several cameos on other artists ' records . Isobel Campbell debuted in 1996 as cellist and sometime vocalist of indie pop band Belle & Sebastian . Despite limited commercial success , Belle & Sebastian have been hailed as the greatest Scottish band ever .
Campbell released two records under the pseudonym of The Gentle Waves whilst still a member of Belle & Sebastian , which they left in the midst of the band 's 2002 North American tour . In 2003 they released Amorino , their first album under their own name , which received mixed reviews from critics . 2006 saw the release of Ballad of the Broken Seas , a critically acclaimed collaboration with Mark Lanegan which was later nominated for the Mercury Music Prize . This was followed by a solo album , Milkwhite Sheets , which spawned the single `` O Love Is Teasin ' '' . Campbell reunited with Lanegan to record Sunday at Devil Dirt , which was released on May 13 , 2008 .
Studio albums
I Released under the pseudonym of The Gentle Waves .
Singles
Notes
A ^ Appeared in the UK Singles Chart at number 116 .
B ^ Appeared in the UK Singles Chart at number 199 .
Music videos
Collaborations
With Bill Wells
With Mark Lanegan
Other appearances
References
General
[ `` Isobel Campbell > Discography '' ] . Allmusic . Retrieved 22 July 2008 .
Specific
External links
Isobel Campbell at MySpace
[ Isobel Campbell ] at Allmusic
Isobel Campbell at Discogs
Discographies of British artists
Pop music discographies
Fantastic Films was an American film magazine specializing in the genres of science fiction and fantasy . The magazine was published by Blake Publishing Corp. and existed between 1978 and 1985 .
Direction
Fantastic Films was intended as an alternative to competitors such as Cinefantastique and Starlog . The magazine set itself apart by featuring extensive interviews with actors and behind-the-scenes personnel . The magazine never featured editorials or reviews but did have a rather lengthy Reaction section that allowed readers to send in their letters . In addition , the magazine featured a Fantastic Films Archive Series , a retrospective section that highlighted classic sci-fi films of the past ranging from popular titles like The Day the Earth Stood Still to more obscure fare like Just Imagine .
References
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Film magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1978
Magazines disestablished in 1985
Speculative fiction magazines published in the United States
Benjamin Martin Karl ( born 16 October 1985 ) is an Austrian snowboarder with seven World Cup victories and one FIS World Ski Championships Victory .
They competed for their nation in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Parallel Giant Slalom , coming in second to Jasey Jay Anderson .
They won the bronze medal in Parallel slalom at the 2014 Winter Olympics , and finally became olympic champion in Parallel Giant Slalom at the 2022 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
Snowboarders at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic snowboarders of Austria
Austrian male snowboarders
1985 births
Living people
Olympic gold medalists for Austria
Olympic silver medalists for Austria
Olympic bronze medalists for Austria
Olympic medalists in snowboarding
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
People from Sankt Pölten
Sportspeople from Lower Austria
Bill Uruski ( born July 27 , 1942 in Poplarfield , Manitoba ) is a politician in Manitoba , Canada . They were a member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1969 to 1990 , and was a cabinet minister in the New Democratic Party governments of Edward Schreyer and Howard Pawley .
The son of Frank Uruski and Mary Shwaliuk , Uruski was educated in Poplarfield and did not attend a university ; however , they were a Royal Canadian Mounted Police constable from 1962 to 1967 , and also worked as a farmer before entering public life . In 1964 , they married Elaine Stonoga .
Uruski was first elected to the Manitoba legislature in the provincial election of 1969 , defeating longtime Liberal MLA Elman Guttormson in the rural , mid-northern riding of St. George . The NDP formed government after this election , and Uruski served as a government backbencher for the next four years .
Uruski defeated Guttormson again in the 1973 provincial election , despite the fact that the Progressive Conservative Party declined to run a candidate for fear of vote-splitting with the Liberals . On August 29 , 1973 , they were named a Minister without Portfolio , responsible for the Manitoba Public Insurance Corporation and the Motor Vehicle Branch . On March 31 , 1976 they were also given responsibility for the Civil Service Act . On September 22 , 1976 , they were promoted to Minister of Municipal Affairs , still retaining responsibility for the CSA .
The NDP were defeated in the general election of 1977 , and Uruski was re-elected by a reduced margin . There were some suggestions that they would run to succeed Schreyer as party leader in 1979 , although these ultimately came to nothing .
Howard Pawley led the NDP to a majority government in the 1981 election , and Uruski was re-elected in the redistributed riding of Interlake . They returned to cabinet on November 30 , 1981 , as Minister of Agriculture . Until August 20 , 1982 , they also held responsibility for the Manitoba Public Insurance Corporation Act . Uruski attempted to develop their party 's support base in rural Manitoba while serving as Agriculture Minister , though they had little success to this end . They did , however , attain some success in opening Manitoba hog production to the American marketplace .
On September 21 , 1987 , Uruski was again made Minister of Municipal Affairs with responsibility for the MPIC . Early in 1988 , the NDP were unexpectedly defeated in the legislature when backbencher MLA Jim Walding voted with the opposition in an evenly divided house . Uruski was one of only twelve New Democrats re-elected in the election which followed , and formally stepped down from cabinet with the resignation of their government on May 9 , 1988 . They did not seek re-election in 1990 .
Uruski was known as a promoter of aboriginal issues during their time in government ( his riding has a large aboriginal population ) . In 1995 , they were among the first to investigate alleged connections between the supposedly autonomous Independent Native Voice party and the Progressive Conservatives , after reports circulated that Interlake INV candidate Darryl Sutherland was running at the behest of local Tory interests with the intent of splitting the NDP vote . These allegations would become public three years later , and a public inquiry would rule that Sutherland had , in fact , been persuaded to run by local Tory organizers . In 1999 , Uruski served as the NDP campaign manager in Interlake , working for party candidate Tom Nevakshonoff .
Uruski later became part of the Manitoba Rural Adaptation Council Inc .. They also returned to farming , and served on the board of the Manitoba Turkey Producers organization . In 2003 , they represented the Poultry Welfare Coalition in a presentation to the Senate of Canada . They have criticized the tactics of the Monsanto Company in expanding their corporate base in the Canadian prairies . From 2006 to 2009 , Uruski served as chairperson of the Manitoba Cattle Enhancement Council .
References
New Democratic Party of Manitoba MLAs
1942 births
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Manitoba
First Methodist Church ( First United Methodist Church ) is a historic church building at 412 W. Main Street in Tupelo , Mississippi .
It was built in 1899 in a Gothic Revival style . The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .
References
Methodist churches in Mississippi
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Gothic Revival church buildings in Mississippi
Churches completed in 1899
Buildings and structures in Tupelo , Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Lee County , Mississippi
is a 1995 2D platform video game by Hudson Soft for Super Famicom . It is the sequel to Super Bonk and the fifth game in the Bonk series , and the second platform game in the series never to be released outside Japan .
External links
Super Bonk 2 at The Bonk Compendium ( covering all games and references to Bonk series )
Super Bonk / Super Genjin at Hardcore Gaming 101
Notes
Japan-exclusive video games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System-only games
Platform games
1995 video games
Bonk ( series )
Prehistoric life in popular culture
Video games developed in Japan
Single-player video games
Video game sequels
Khalid Al-Ghamdi ( ; born 28 March 1988 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who currently plays Pro League side for Al-Shabab .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Club
Al-Nassr
Saudi Professional League : 2013–14 , 2014–15
Saudi Crown Prince Cup : 2013–14
References
1988 births
Living people
People from Khobar
Association football fullbacks
Saudi Arabian footballers
Al-Qadsiah FC players
Al Nassr FC players
Al-Raed FC players
Al-Faisaly FC players
Al-Shabab FC ( Riyadh ) players
Saudi Professional League players
Saudi Arabia international footballers
The Dolo is a mountain stream that rises on the slopes of Mount Cusna in the Reggio-Emilia province , of the Tuscany-Emilia Romagna Apennine Mountains . It is a tributary of the Secchia , and its length is about . The Dolo acts as a natural boundary between the provinces of Reggio Emilia and Modena .
About before entering the Secchia river , the Dragone mountain stream flows into the Dolo .
At the height of Fontanaluccia there is a dam ( ) that provides water for a hydroelectric power plant ( ) located downstream in Farneta .
Rivers of Italy
Rivers of Emilia-Romagna
Rivers of the Province of Reggio Emilia
Rivers of the Province of Modena
Corporal Lewis Kenneth Bausell ( April 17 , 1924 – September 18 , 1944 ) was a United States Marine and posthumous recipient of the United States ' highest military honor — the Medal of Honor — for their sacrifice of life , `` above and beyond the call of duty '' , during World War II . During combat at Peleliu , they covered an exploding Japanese hand grenade in order to protect their comrades , and died of their wounds three days later . Bausell was the only enlisted Marine from the Nation 's capital , Washington , D.C. to be awarded the Medal of Honor for actions during World War II .
Biography
Early years
Lewis Kenneth Bausell was born in Pulaski , Virginia on April 17 , 1924 . Moving to Washington , they attended the local public schools and then went to work as a bookbinder for Ransdell , Incorporated , a Washington printer . They were employed there at the time of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor December 7 , 1941 .
Marine Corps , World War II service
The week following the Pearl Harbor attack , on December 15 , Bausell enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps for a four-year period . After training at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot , Parris Island , South Carolina , they joined the 1st Marine Division in New River , North Carolina . Bausell was promoted to Private First Class on March 25 , 1942 , and to Corporal on June 1 , 1942 . On May 20 , 1942 , the 5th Marines sailed for the Pacific arriving at Wellington , New Zealand , on June 20 , 1942 , the marines immediately began preparations for landing in the Solomon Islands .
Corporal Bausell took part in the initial landings on Guadalcanal and fought there for four months before going southward to Melbourne , Australia . In the spring of the next year they sailed for New Guinea .
Serving with the 5th Marine Regiment of the 1st Marine Division , Cpl Bausells prepared for the next campaign , in New Guinea and then made the Cape Gloucester , New Britain , landing three days after the original invasion in December 1943 . With that campaign concluded , the division returned to the Solomon Islands and went to Pavuvu Island for rest , rehabilitation , and preparation for another campaign .
The Peleliu landing took place on September 15 , 1944 , and the 5th Marines were the left flank regiment on the division front . In the first hour of action , the assault waves fought their way 100 yards inland to the top of a small coral ridge , one of dozens on the island . Cpl Bausell , who , one month earlier had been examined and found qualified for promotion to the rank of sergeant , was in a squad assigned to clean out one of the many enemy-infested caves which honeycombed the ridge .
On one side of the cave , a Marine second lieutenant and several of their men used a flame thrower to force the enemy out while Cpl Bausell and several others waited with rifles ready . Two men stood at the entrance , firing into the cave . A Japanese soldier charged out holding a grenade against their body and lunged toward the small band of Marines . The grenade exploded injuring several Marines and killing the attacker .
As the remaining enemy combatants exited the cave , a grenade was thrown amongst the Marines . Cpl Bausell heroically threw themselves on the grenade and saved the lives of their fellow Marines .
Cpl Bausell was evacuated to a hospital ship where after three days , on September 18 , they succumbed to their wounds . They were buried at sea .
Decorations and honors
The Medal of Honor , posthumously awarded the Marine by President Franklin D. Roosevelt , was presented to their mother and father in the Navy Department in Washington , D.C. by Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal on June 11 , 1945 . Gen Alexander A. Vandegrift , then Commandant of the Marine Corps , was present for the ceremony , as were Bausell 's sisters and one sister-in-law .
In addition to the Medal of Honor , Cpl Bausell was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart ; Presidential Unit Citation ; Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with four bronze stars and the World War II Victory Medal .
On November 19 , 1945 , in Bath , Maine , a new destroyer , the , was christened by Cpl Bausell 's mother . They were a Gearing-class destroyer who served in the United States Navy during the Korean War and the Vietnam War .
Medal of Honor citation
The President of the United States takes pride in presenting the MEDAL OF HONOR posthumously to
for service as set forth in the following CITATION :
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of their life above and beyond the call of duty while serving with the First Battalion , Fifth Marines , First Marine Division , during action against enemy Japanese forces on Peleliu Island , Palau Group , September 15 , 1944 . Valiantly placing themselves at the head of their squad , Corporal Bausell led the charge forward against a hostile pillbox which was covering a vital sector of the beach and , as the first to reach the emplacement , immediately started firing their automatic into the aperture while the remainder of their men closed in on the enemy . Swift to act as a Japanese grenade was hurled into their midst , Corporal Bausell threw themselves on the deadly weapon , taking the full blast of the explosion and sacrificing their own life to save their men . Their unwavering loyalty and inspiring courage reflect the highest credit upon Corporal Bausell and the United States Naval Service . They gallantly gave their lives for their country .
/S/ FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
Notes
References
Further reading
1924 births
1944 deaths
United States Marine Corps personnel killed in World War II
United States Marine Corps Medal of Honor recipients
Military personnel from Washington , D.C .
United States Marine Corps non-commissioned officers
People from Pulaski , Virginia
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
Burials at sea
Deaths by hand grenade
Luncke Ridge ( ) is a fairly prominent ridge on the northern side of the eastern extremity of Langnes Fjord in the Vestfold Hills of Antarctica . It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition , 1936–37 . The ridge was seen in 1957 by an Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions party and named for Bernhard Luncke , a Norwegian cartographer who plotted the Vestfold Hills area for the Hansen Atlas .
References
Ridges of Antarctica
Landforms of Princess Elizabeth Land
Ingrid Christensen Coast
Paradeplatz ( parade square ) , also known as the Königsgarten ( king 's garden ) , was a park in Königsberg , Germany .
History
In 1509 Grand Master Frederick of Saxony established land north of Königsberg Castle and Burgfreiheit and south of Tragheim as a garden ; the original garden was larger than the 20th century park . It subsequently became the ducal pleasure garden after the establishment of the Duchy of Prussia in 1525 . John Sigismund , heir to Brandenburg , married Anna of Prussia in the garden in 1594 . Elector Frederick III honored Kanzler Georg Friedrich von Creytzen and Obermarschall von Wallenrodt among its old lime trees in 1697 . It became a royal garden in 1701 with the formation of the Kingdom of Prussia . Much of the garden , which included foreign and specialty plants , froze during the unusually cold winter of 1708/09 .
King Frederick William I of Prussia ( reigned 1713 to 1740 ) , nicknamed the `` Soldier-King '' , used the garden as a training ground for drilling troops . The architect Joachim Ludwig Schultheiß von Unfriedt began construction of a garrison church in the garden 's northeast to replace the small church in Fort Friedrichsburg in 1731 . Ludwig von Baczko considered the window-high building to be the most beautiful church in Königsberg , but the project was halted by King Frederick II ( reigned 1740 to 1786 ) . The classical Königshalle was built to the south in 1790 , while a new building for military drills was constructed in 1791 along the northern side of the garden . Gauntlet punishments were held until 1808 . Besides the common 18th century name Königsgarten , other historical names included Baumgarten , Fürstlicher Garten , Herzoglicher Garten , Hetzgarten , Lustgarten , Paradegarten , and Schloßgarten ; in 1811 it was designated Paradeplatz .
Under the direction of Minister Friedrich Leopold von Schrötter , construction of the Stadttheater began in 1806 in place of the former garrison church . Three years later King Frederick William III ( reigned 1797 to 1840 ) transferred the garden from royal control to the city of Königsberg with the stipulation it not is developed . It subsequently developed into the fairest park of the city .
King Frederick William IV ( reigned 1840-1861 ) laid the foundation stone for the Neue Albertina , the new campus of the University of Königsberg , along Paradeplatz 's north in 1844 ; the new campus was dedicated in 1861 . Military drills ended in 1848 , allowing the park to often be used by actors . The Königshalle was used by royalists led by Lt. General Bernhard Joachim von Plehwe during the revolution of 1848 .
The former drilling house was used as an exhibition hall by a polytechnical society in 1853 and subsequently dismantled . An equestrian statue of Frederick William III was installed by the campus on 3 August 1851 , while the memorial to Immanuel Kant by Christian Daniel Rauch was moved from before the castle to the garden 's southwest in 1885 . Lines of chestnut and lime trees were planted along three sides of Paradeplatz , to which were also added lawns and lilac . Parades celebrating the birthday of Wilhelm II , German Emperor ( reigned 1888 to 1918 ) , were held in the park 's south , while flea markets were held at Christmas time . Further horticultural development continued in 1920 . Municipal authorities considered renamed the park Königsgarten again in 1884 . Although they decided to keep it as Paradeplatz , the name Königsgarten continued in colloquial use .
The southern wooded avenue Kastanienallee was cleared in the 1930s and replaced with a large square , which allowed the city 's trams to connect Steindamm and Tragheim . This square was also used as a parade route by the Nazis . In 1935 the Königshalle became a garrison mess .
Much of Paradeplatz , including the Königshalle and the Stadttheater , was destroyed during the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg in World War II . The Lasch Bunker , a military bunker constructed in the park in 1939 , housed the staff of General Otto Lasch during the Battle of Königsberg . Lasch capitulated there to the Red Army on 9 April 1945 . The former bunker is now used by the Kaliningrad Museum for History and Art . The former Neue Albertina campus is now used by Immanuel Kant Baltic Federal University .
Notes
References
Karl , G. ( 1924 ) . Geschichtliches Straßenverzeichnis der Stadt Königsberg in Preußen . Einleitung und Ergänzungen bis 1941 von Peter Wörster . Königsberg Pr . : Verlag der Königsberger Allgemeinen Zeitung und Verlagsdruckerei . pp . 176 . Reprinted by Verein für Familienforschung in Ost- und Westpreußen e.V . Nr . 4 . Hamburg , 1992 .
1509 establishments in Europe
Königsberg
Parks in Germany
Irrigation is the artificial exploitation and distribution of water at project level aiming at application of water at field level to agricultural crops in dry areas or in periods of scarce rainfall to assure or improve crop production .
This article discusses organizational forms and means of management of irrigation water at project ( system ) level .
History
Scholars such as Julian H. Steward and Karl August Wittfogel have seen the management of irrigation as a crucial factor in the development of many early states ( hydraulic empires ) .
Water management
The most important physical elements of an irrigation project are land and water . In accordance with the propriety relations of these elements there may be different types of water management :
the communal type
the enterprise type
the utility type
From the point of view of water , the universal law of water balance must be obeyed for any Water Use System , including an irrigation system .
Communal type
Until the end of the 19th century the development of irrigation projects occurred at a mild pace , reaching a total area of some 50 million ha worldwide , which is about 1/5 of the present area ( see Irrigation statistics ) . The land was often private ha `` privates '' property or assigned by the village authorities to male or female farmers , but the water resources were in the hands of clans or communities who managed the water resources cooperatively .
Enterprise type
The enterprise type of water management occurred under large landowners or agricultural corporations , but also in centrally controlled societies . Both the land and water resources are in one hand .
Large plantations were found in colonised countries in Asia , Africa , and Latin America , but also in countries employing slave labor . It concerned mostly the large scale cultivation of commercial crops such as bananas , sugarcane and cotton .
As a result of land reforms , in many countries the estates were reformed into a cooperative in which the previous employers became members and exercised a cooperative form of land and water management .
Utility type
The utility type of water management occurs in areas where the land is owned by many , but the exploitation and distribution of the water resources are managed by ( government ) organizations .
After 1900 governments assumed more influence over irrigation because :
water was increasingly considered government property owing to the increasing demand for good quality water and the reducing availability
governments embarked on large scale irrigation projects as they were considered more efficient
the development of new irrigation schemes became technically , financially and organizationally so complicated that they fell outside the capabilities of the smaller communities
the import and export policies of governments required the cultivation of commercial cash crops whilst , by controlling the water management , the farmers could be more easily guided to plant this kind of crops .
The water management signified a large subsidy on irrigation schemes . From 1980 the operation and maintenance of many irrigation projects was gradually handed over to water user organizations ( WUA 's ) who were to assume these tasks and a large part of the costs , whereby the water rights of the members had to be respected .
The exploitation of water resources via large storage dams - that often provided electric power as well - and diversion weirs normally remained the responsibility of the government , mainly because environmental protection and safety issues were at stake .
In the past , the utility type of water management witnessed more conflicts and disturbances then the other types ( see water delivery practices below ) .
Water pricing
Tariffs
Irrigation water has a price by which the management costs must be covered . The following tariff ( water charge ) systems exist :
No tariff , the government assumes the costs
Tariff in labor hours , which holds mainly in communal types of management in traditional irrigation systems
Yearly area tariff , a fixed price per ha per year
Seasonal area tariff , a fixed price per ha per season with the higher price in the dry season
Volumetric tariff , a fixed price per m3 of water ; the consumption is measured by water meters
Block or stepped-up pricing for water use per ha ; the price increases as the water consumption per ha falls in a higher block .
The use of groundwater for irrigation is often licensed by government and the well owner may be permitted to withdraw only a maximum volume of water per year at a certain price .
Cost recovery
The recovery of water charges may be below target , because :
The revenues accrue to a ( government ) organization other than the one responsible for the management
Farmers and water users have no say in the water management
Lack of communication between farmers and project managers
Poor farmers are unable to comply
Farmers do not receive water according to need ; for example insufficient quantity and/or inappropriate time
Corruption at management level
Cost coverage
The cost recovery is often insufficient for full cost coverage , for example :
Water User Associations ( WUAs )
From 1980 programs were developed to transfer the operation and maintenance tasks from the government to water user associations ( WUAs ) that show some resemblance to water boards in the Netherlands , with the difference that it concerns irrigation rather than drainage and flood control .
An effective development occurred in Mexico , where in 1990 a program of WUAs was initiated with tradable water rights . By 1998 some 400 WUAs were in operation commanding on average 7600 ha per WUA . They were able to recover more than 90 % of the tariffs , mainly because they had to be paid in advance . Government subsidies to the water distribution and maintenance reduced to only 6 % See also Irrigation in Mexico # Legal and institutional framework . Similar efforts were made in Peru , see Irrigation in Peru # Legal and institutional framework , but the progress is not yet at the level of that in Mexico .
Water delivery principles
Rotational turns
In large irrigation schemes , the distribution of irrigation water and the delivery at the farm gate is often arranged by rotational turns ( e.g . every fortnight ) . The quantity of water to be received is often proportional to the farm size . As the canals usually transport constant flows , the water is being received during a period of time proportional to the farm size ( e.g . every fortnight during 2 hours ) .
The method of rotational turns is typical for the utility form of irrigation management .
On demand
In smaller irrigation schemes the water delivery may be arranged `` on demand '' with water charges are on a volumetric basis . This requires a precise bookkeeping system . As the demand may be fluctuating over time , the distribution system and infrastructure is relatively expensive because it must be able to cope with periods of peak demand . During periods of water scarcity , negotiations are due to regulate the supply or restriction agreements must have been made .
From point of view of efficient irrigation water-use this is the most effective system .
Preferential rights
In projects with an uncertain supply of water due to annual variations in river discharge , water users at the top ( the head users ) of the irrigation system ( i.e . near the system 's take-off point ) often have preference , to a certain extent , over users at the tail-end . Hence , the number of farmers that are able to grow an irrigated crop may vary from year to year according to the riparian water rights .
The preferential method of irrigation can be found in spate irrigation systems . It is likely that the irrigators near the headworks , or their ancestors , did contribute more to the construction and maintenance of the works than the others , and therefore acquired the preferential rights .
Protective duty
In regions with a structural water scarcity , the principle of water duty is often applied , whereby the duty per ha per season is only a fraction of the full irrigation need per ha ( i.e . the irrigation intensity is less than 100 % ) . Thus , farmers can irrigate only part of their land or irrigate their crops with a limited amount of water , whereby they may choose between crops with a high consumptive use ( e.g . rice , sugarcane , most orchards ) or a low consumptive use ( e.g . cereals - notably barley , millet , and sorghum - or cotton ) . In India , such practice is called protective irrigation , which aims at equal distribution of scarce means and prevention of acute famine .
The method of protective irrigation is typical for the utility form of irrigation management .
Owing to competition for water , the water delivery practices may deviate from the principles .
Water delivery practices
Competition
In practice the distribution of irrigation water is subject to competition . Influential farmers may be able to acquire more water than they are entitled to . Water users at the upstream part of the irrigation system can more easily intercept extra water than the tail-ender . The degree of farmers ' influence is often correlated to the relative position of their land in the topography of the scheme .
Tail-end problems
R.Chambers cites authors who have reported tail-end problems . Examples are :
The old Sardar canal project in the state of Gujarat , India , was designed with an irrigation intensity of 32 % , but at the upstream part the delivery was at an intensity of 42 % ( i.e . 131 % of the design norm ) and at the downstream end it was only 19 % ( i.e . 59 % of the norm ) , although the project aimed at protective irrigation with equal rights for all .
The Sardar Sahayak Pariyojana irrigation project , an extension of the Sardar canal project with 1.7 million ha , the head farmers received 5 times more water than the tail-enders , although the project was designed for equal distribution of the scarce water .
The Ghatampur distributary canal in the Ramganga irrigation project in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India , delivered an amount of water equal to 155 % of the design discharge to the Kisarwal district canal near the head of the distributary and only 22 % to the Bairampur district canal at the downstream end .
Also in Egypt , in 1984 , considerable differences in the water distribution over the canal systems have been reported :
{ | class= '' wikitable ''
! Lateral canal
! Water supply in m³/feddan * )
|-
| Kafret Nasser
| 4700
|-
| Beni Magdul
| 3500
|-
| El Mansuria
| 3300
|-
| El Hammami ( upstream )
| 2800
|-
| El Hammami ( downstream )
| 1800
|-
| El Shimi
| 1200
| }
* ) Period March 1 to July 31 . 1 feddan is 0.42 ha . Data from : Egyptian Water Use Management Project ( EWUP ) .
See also
Irrigation
Surface irrigation
Irrigation in viticulture
Irrigation statistics
Environmental impact of irrigation
Tidal irrigation
Water rights
Riparian water rights
National Irrigation Congress
Adaptive participatory integrated approach , a method of developing and managing water irrigation in developing regions .
BAITSSS , simulates irrigation based on Management allowable depletion using remote sensing based information .
References
Irrigation
Land management
Hydraulic engineering
Låghamaren Cliff ( ) is a rock cliff forming the northwest end of the Hamrane Heights in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica . It was photographed from the air by the Third German Antarctic Expedition ( 1938–39 ) , and was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition ( 1949–52 ) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition ( 1958–59 ) and named Låghamaren ( the low crag ) .
References
Cliffs of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Marijane Stong is a Canadian figure skating coach and choreographer . In 2008 , they were inducted into the Skate Canada Hall of Fame .
Career
Stong became the first female coach in Canada to become NCCP Level 4 Certified . In the 1960s , Stong and their husband coached weekly group lessons at the Oakville Skating Club . In the later half of the decade , Stong became the first coach to use vocal music in an ice dancing routine , which caused it to be banned the next year . They later coached Tracy Wilson and Robert McCall during their three World Figure Skating Championships bronze medal run and three Canadian Figures Skating Championships . In 1992 , they have been awarded the 3M Coaching Excellence Award for Continued
Success and was named Female Coach of the Year . By 1999 , Stong was hired by the Canadian Figure Skating Association as a consultant . Stong designed the costumes used by Jamie Salé and David Pelletier in the 2001 World Figure Skating Championships and 2002 Winter Olympics .
In 2008 , Stong was inducted into the Skate Canada Hall of Fame . Later in 2016 , Stong was inducted into the Richmond Hill Sports Hall of Fame .
References
Living people
Canadian figure skating coaches
Canadian sports coaches
Skating people from Ontario
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Božakovo ( ; in older sources also Božjakovo , or Boschiakou ) is a village on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia . The entire area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region .
Name
Božakovo was attested in written sources as ecclesia … Marie Magdalene in 1334 and Wosiackh in 1490 .
Church
The local church is dedicated to Mary Magdalene and belongs to the Parish of Metlika . It was built in the 18th century .
References
External links
Božakovo on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Metlika
Varignon 's theorem is a statement in Euclidean geometry , that deals with the construction of a particular parallelogram , the Varignon parallelogram , from an arbitrary quadrilateral ( quadrangle ) . It is named after Pierre Varignon , whose proof was published posthumously in 1731 .
Theorem
The midpoints of the sides of an arbitrary quadrilateral form a parallelogram . If the quadrilateral is convex or concave ( not complex ) , then the area of the parallelogram is half the area of the quadrilateral .
If one introduces the concept of oriented areas for n-gons , then this area equality also holds for complex quadrilaterals .
The Varignon parallelogram exists even for a skew quadrilateral , and is planar whether the quadrilateral is planar or not . The theorem can be generalized to the midpoint polygon of an arbitrary polygon .
Proof
Referring to the diagram above , triangles ADC and HDG are similar by the side-angle-side criterion , so angles DAC and DHG are equal , making HG parallel to AC . In the same way EF is parallel to AC , so HG and EF are parallel to each other ; the same holds for They and GF .
Varignon 's theorem can also be proved as a theorem of affine geometry organized as linear algebra with the linear combinations restricted to coefficients summing to 1 , also called affine or barycentric coordinates . The proof applies even to skew quadrilaterals in spaces of any dimension .
Any three points E , F , G are completed to a parallelogram ( lying in the plane containing E , F , and G ) by taking its fourth vertex to be E − F + G. In the construction of the Varignon parallelogram this is the point ( A + B ) /2 − ( B + C ) /2 + ( C + D ) /2 = ( A + D ) /2 . But this is the point H in the figure , whence EFGH forms a parallelogram .
In short , the centroid of the four points A , B , C , D is the midpoint of each of the two diagonals EG and FH of EFGH , showing that the midpoints coincide .
From the first proof , one can see that the sum of the diagonals is equal to the perimeter of the parallelogram formed . Also , we can use vectors 1/2 the length of each side to first determine the area of the quadrilateral , and then to find areas of the four triangles divided by each side of the inner parallelogram .
The Varignon parallelogram
Properties
A planar Varignon parallelogram also has the following properties :
Each pair of opposite sides of the Varignon parallelogram are parallel to a diagonal in the original quadrilateral .
A side of the Varignon parallelogram is half as long as the diagonal in the original quadrilateral it is parallel to .
The area of the Varignon parallelogram equals half the area of the original quadrilateral . This is true in convex , concave and crossed quadrilaterals provided the area of the latter is defined to be the difference of the areas of the two triangles it is composed of .
The perimeter of the Varignon parallelogram equals the sum of the diagonals of the original quadrilateral .
The diagonals of the Varignon parallelogram are the bimedians of the original quadrilateral .
The two bimedians in a quadrilateral and the line segment joining the midpoints of the diagonals in that quadrilateral are concurrent and are all bisected by their point of intersection .
In a convex quadrilateral with sides a , b , c and d , the length of the bimedian that connects the midpoints of the sides a and c is
where p and q are the length of the diagonals . The length of the bimedian that connects the midpoints of the sides b and d is
Hence
This is also a corollary to the parallelogram law applied in the Varignon parallelogram .
The lengths of the bimedians can also be expressed in terms of two opposite sides and the distance x between the midpoints of the diagonals . This is possible when using Euler 's quadrilateral theorem in the above formulas . Whence
and
The two opposite sides in these formulas are not the two that the bimedian connects .
In a convex quadrilateral , there is the following dual connection between the bimedians and the diagonals :
The two bimedians have equal length if and only if the two diagonals are perpendicular .
The two bimedians are perpendicular if and only if the two diagonals have equal length .
Special cases
The Varignon parallelogram is a rhombus if and only if the two diagonals of the quadrilateral have equal length , that is , if the quadrilateral is an equidiagonal quadrilateral .
The Varignon parallelogram is a rectangle if and only if the diagonals of the quadrilateral are perpendicular , that is , if the quadrilateral is an orthodiagonal quadrilateral .
For a self-crossing quadrilateral , the Varignon parallelogram can degenerate to four collinear points , forming a line segment traversed twice . This happens whenever the polygon is formed by replacing two parallel sides of a trapezoid by the two diagonals of the trapezoid , such as in the antiparallelogram .
See also
Perpendicular bisector construction of a quadrilateral , a different way of forming another quadrilateral from a given quadrilateral
Morley 's trisector theorem , a related theorem on triangles
Notes
References and further reading
H. S. M. Coxeter , S. L. Greitzer : Geometry Revisited . MAA , Washington 1967 , pp . 52-54
Peter N. Oliver : Consequences of Varignon Parallelogram Theorem . Mathematics Teacher , Band 94 , Nr . 5 , Mai 2001 , pp . 406-408
External links
Varignon Parallelogram in Compendium Geometry
A generalization of Varignon 's theorem to 2n-gons and to 3D at Dynamic Geometry Sketches , interactive dynamic geometry sketches .
Varignon parallelogram at cut-the-knot-org
Theorems about quadrilaterals
Euclidean geometry
Articles containing proofs
The Arbroath smokie is a type of smoked haddock , and is a speciality of the town of Arbroath in Angus , Scotland .
History
The Arbroath smokie is said to have originated in the small fishing village of Auchmithie , three miles northeast of Arbroath . Local legend has it a store caught fire one night , destroying barrels of haddock preserved in salt . The following morning , the people found some of the barrels had caught fire , cooking the haddock inside . Inspection revealed the haddock to be quite tasty . It is much more likely the villagers were of Scandinavian descent , as the 'Smokie making ' process is similar to smoking methods which are still employed in areas of Scandinavia .
Towards the end of the 19th century , as Arbroath 's fishing industry died , the Town Council offered the fisherfolk from Auchmithie land in an area of the town known as the fit o ' the toon . It also offered them use of the modern harbour . Much of the Auchmithie population then relocated , bringing the Arbroath Smokie recipe with them . Today , 15 local businesses produce Arbroath smokies , selling them in major supermarkets in the UK and online .
In 2004 , the European Commission registered the designation `` Arbroath smokies '' as a Protected Geographical Indication under the EU 's Protected Food Name Scheme , acknowledging its unique status .
Preparation
Arbroath smokies are prepared using traditional methods dating back to the late 1800s .
The fish are first salted overnight . They are then tied in pairs using hemp twine , and left overnight to dry . Once they have been salted , tied and dried , they are hung over a triangular length of wood to smoke . This `` kiln stick '' fits between the two tied smokies , one fish on either side . The sticks are then used to hang the dried fish in a special barrel containing a hardwood fire .
When the fish are hung over the fire , the top of the barrel is covered with a lid and sealed around the edges with wet jute sacks ( the water prevents the jute sacks from catching fire ) . All of these serves to create a very hot , humid and smoky fire . The intense heat and thick smoke is essential if the fish are to be cooked , not burned , and to have the strong , smoky taste and smell people expect from Arbroath smokies . Typically in less than an hour of smoking , the fish are ready to eat .
See also
Finnan haddie
List of smoked foods
Scottish cuisine
Notes
References
Madison Books ( 2007 ) 1,001 Foods to Die For Page 283 , Andrews McMeel Publishing . .
Paston-Williams , Sara ( 2006 ) Fish : Recipes from a Busy Island Page 132 , National Trust Books . .
Sweetser , Wendy ( 2009 ) The Connoisseur 's Guide to Fish & Seafood Page 194 , Sterling Publishing Company , . .
External links
BBC Food - Recipes for Arbroath smokies
The History of the Smokie - Documentary film about the history of the Arbroath smokie
Arbroath smokie Online Recipes
Arbroath smokie Recipes
Smoked fish
Food preservation
Arbroath
British products with protected designation of origin
Scottish cuisine
British cuisine
Fish processing
Paeonia mairei is a species of peony , that is endemic to the mountains of central China . Its vernacular name in China is 美丽芍药 ( mei li shao yao ) meaning `` beautiful peony '' . The plant may be between 45 and 100 cm high and has mostly rose-pink flowers of about 10 cm across , one on each stem . P. mairei blooms in early spring .
Description
Paeonia mairei is a perennial herbaceous plant of up to 1 m high , that dies down in the autumn , and overwinters with buds just under the surface of the soil . It has thick roots that become thinner towards their tips , while the rootstocks is approximately 2 cm in diameter . Young shoots and leaves are initially red-purple to pink . The stems and leaves are hairless . The largest leaves , near the base of the stem are split into three , which parts themselves are split into leaflets , some of which may be incised , up to nineteen in total , 6—16½ × 1¾—7 cm , gradually broadening at their base and usually pointy at their tip . Veins are deeply sunken on the top-side of the leaf . Each stem bears only one flower at its tip of between 7½ and 14 cm wide . Each flower is accompanied by one to three leaflike or linear bracts of up to 9 cm long . Each flower has three to five , green and broadly oval sepals of 1—1½ × ⅞—1¼ cm . The seven to nine , inverted egg-shaped , pink to Spanish carmine petals are 3½—7 × 2—4½ cm , with a usually rounded tip . Within the circle of petals is a circle of stamens that consist of purple-red filaments topped by yellow anthers . Within is a low , yellow , ring-shaped disc , that encircles the base of the two or three carpels , which may be sparsely to densely covered in short yellow or golden brown felty hairs , or rarely hairless . Those are topped by styles of up to 4 mm long , that have red stigmas . Each carpel develops into a dry fruit that opens with a suture ( or follicle ) of 3—3½ × 1—1¼ cm . The inside of the fruit is bright red which contrast well with the blue shiny seeds . This peony species in their native range flowers in April and May , and produces seed in August . Paeonia mairei has both diploid and tetraploid populations ( 2n=10 , 4n=20 ) .
Taxonomy
With all Eurasian herbaceous peonies species , Paeonia mairei belongs to the section Paeonia . The taxonomy of this group of peonies is complicated due to reticulate evolution . In the most recent revision of the genus , it is assigned to the subsection Foliatae with P. algeriensis , P. broteri , P. cambessedesii , P. clusii , P. coriacea , P. corsica , P. daurica , P. kesrouanensis , P. mascula and P. obovata .
Paeonia russi is the tetraploid hybrid of diploid P. lactiflora and P. mairei . Paeonia banatica is the tetraploid hybrid of P. mairei and either P. arietina , P. humilis , P. officinalis , P. parnassica or less likely P. tenuifolia , or one of their ( now extinct ) common ancestors .
Etymology
Paeonia mairei was named in honor of the French missionary Père Edouard-Ernest Maire who discovered the plant for western science in 1913 in northeastern Yunnan .
Distribution and ecology
Paeonia mairei can be found in deciduous broad-leaved forests on lime , between 1500 and 2700 m altitude , but is reported to been found as high as 3200 m when discovered by Père Maire . It grows naturally in southeastern Gansu , northwestern Guizhou , southwestern Hubei , southern Shaanxi , central and Southern Sichuan , and northeastern Yunnan .
Cultivation
Paeonia mairei has only recently become available as an ornamental outside of China . It is reported to be the first of the herbaceous peonies to bloom , and recover well from morning frost . It does not take full sun well , but needs enough light .
References
mairei
Flora of China
Plants described in 1915
In enzymology , a GDP-mannose 3,5-epimerase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
GDP-mannose GDP-L-galactose + GDP-L-gulose - initial reaction overview ( updated in 2020 , see below )
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , GDP-mannose , and two products , GDP-L-galactose and GDP-L-gulose
Since only GDP-L-gulose ( the C5-epimer of GDP-D-mannose ) was found in the reaction mixture , it was postulated that the enzyme performs the C5-epimerization prior to the C3-epimerization . However , GDP-D-altrose was recently found as a reaction product , which means that both reaction routes can occur : C5-prior-to-C3 and C3-prior-to-C5 .
This also means that the GDP-mannose 3,5-epimerase has three reaction products , namely the main product GDP-L-galactose ( C3,5-epimer ) and two sideproducts GDP-L-gulose ( C5-epimer ) + GDP-D-altrose ( C3-epimer ) .
GDP-D-mannose GDP-L-galactose ( C3,5-epimer ) + GDP-L-gulose ( C5-epimer ) + GDP-D-altrose ( C3-epimer ) - reaction overview update in 2020
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives . The systematic name of this enzyme class is GDP-mannose 3,5-epimerase . Other names in common use include GDP-D-mannose : GDP-L-galactose epimerase , guanosine 5'-diphosphate D-mannose : guanosine 5'-diphosphate , and L-galactose epimerase . This enzyme participates in ascorbate and aldarate metabolism .
Structural studies
As of late 2007 , 4 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes , with PDB accession codes , , , and .
References
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of known structure
The Morton N. Cohen Award for a Distinguished Edition of Letters is a biennial prize given to an editor by the Modern Language Association .
Description
The award was established in 1989 by a gift from Morton N. Cohen , Professor Emeritus of English at the City University of New York . The award is presented each odd-numbered year .
The 2017 prize will be awarded for a book published in 2015 or 2016 .
Notable winners
Past winners of the prize include :
2011–12 : Roger Kuin , York University , for The Correspondence of Sir Philip Sidney
2009–10 : Martha Dow Fehsenfeld , Emory University ; Lois More Overbeck , Emory University ; George Craig , University of Sussex ; and Dan Gunn , American University of Paris ; for The Letters of Samuel Beckett , Volume 1 : 1929–1940
2007–08 : William G. Holzberger , Bucknell University , for The Letters of George Santayana , Book Seven , 1941–1947 and Book Eight , 1948–1952
2005–06 : John Kelly , Oxford University , and Ronald Schuchard , Emory University , for The Collected Letters of W. B. Yeats , Volume 4
2003–04 : Robert J. Bertholf , State University of New York , Buffalo , and Albert Gelpi , Stanford University , for The Letters of Robert Duncan and Denise Levertov
References
External links
Academic awards
Awards established in 1989
The National Sports Journalism Center is a sports journalism program run by Indiana University and a resource center for sports media professionals . The center , based at Indiana University-Bloomington , is partnered with the Media School at Indiana University , through which students can take degree programs in sports journalism and other forms of sports media .
The center , founded in early 2009 , has hosted events on the Bloomington and Indianapolis campuses . It held its first event , a forum on the effects of hype and evolving media pressures on sports reporting , in March 2009 . It held a second panel discussion on diversity in the sports media industry in September 2009 . Additional speakers have included Fox Sports commentator Joe Buck and Pulitzer Prize winner and `` Friday Night Lights '' author H.G . Bissinger .
See also
Sport communication
References
Sports mass media in the United States
Indiana University
Organizations established in 2009
Hon Wing William Yee ( born 18 July 1928 ) was a Fijian engineer and politician . They were the first Chinese Fijian to be elected to the Legislative Council .
Biography
Yee was born in Zhongshan in China , before moving to Fiji as a child . They attended the Marist Brothers High School in Suva and St Bede 's College in Canterbury . They then studied engineering at the University of Auckland , and was the first Fijian Chinese to earn a degree in the subject .
Political career
The 1966 general elections were the first in which Chinese Fijians were able to vote . Yee was an Alliance Party candidate in the three-seat General constituency of Suva , and was elected by a margin of 90 votes . In the 1972 elections they were re-elected in the Suva/Central General constituency of the House of Representatives . They were re-elected again in March 1977 and September 1977 , by which time the constituency had been renamed Suva/Central .
Other roles
In 1975 Yee became chairperson of the new Chinese Education Society and worked as school manager of the Yat Sen School . They remained chairperson until 1983 , and held the post again between 1987 and 1996 .
References
1928 births
People from Zhongshan
Chinese emigrants to Fiji
People educated at Marist Brothers High School , Fiji
People educated at St Bede 's College , Christchurch
University of Auckland alumni
Fijian engineers
Members of the Legislative Council of Fiji
Members of the House of Representatives ( Fiji )
Fijian educators
Possibly living people
The orange-fronted barbet ( Capito squamatus ) is a species of bird in the family Capitonidae . It is found Ecuador and Colombia .
Taxonomy and systematics
The orange-fronted barbet is monotypic . It and the spot-crowned barbet ( Capito maculicoronatus ) are sister species and may form a superspecies .
Description
The orange-fronted barbet is long and weighs . The male has a white crown and an orange to red forecrown ( the `` front '' ) . Its head except for the chin and its upperparts are black ; white on some wing feathers remain visible when they are folded . Its underside from chin to the belly are yellowish white , sometimes with an orange tinge . Its flanks usually have light black spotting and the vent area is black . The female 's front is yellow-orange ; the rest of its head , its throat , and chest are black . Its black back has fine white markings on the wing-coverts .
Distribution and habitat
The orange-fronted barbet is found from El Oro Province in southwestern Ecuador north into Nariño Department in extreme southwestern Colombia . There it inhabits wet lowlands and hill country , using primary and secondary forest and their edges as well as more open areas such as farms , orchards , and pastures with trees . In elevation it usually ranges from sea level to but can be found up to in some areas .
Behavior
Feeding
The orange-fronted barbet usually forages in pairs , hunting all levels of the vegetation , and will join mixed-species foraging flocks . Its diet is primarily fruits and berries but also includes insects and spiders .
Breeding
The orange-fronted barbet nests between July and September and possibly earlier . Like all New World barbets , it excavates a nest hole in a tree ; this species apparently sites the cavity several meters above ground . Almost no other information on its breeding phenology has been published .
Vocalization
The orange-fronted barbet 's song is a `` low-pitched , very fast , soft , purring trill '' . Its call is a noisy `` tyik '' or `` trrik '' .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the orange-fronted barbet as being of The Least Concern . It has a very large range , and though its population is decreasing , it is estimated to number between 37,000 and 63,000 .
References
orange-fronted barbet
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
orange-fronted barbet
orange-fronted barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Erastus Wells ( December 2 , 1823 – October 2 , 1893 ) was a 19th-century politician and business person from Missouri . Wells was born in Jefferson County , New York , and was the only son of Otis Wells , a descendant of Hugh Welles , an early colonist of Wethersfield , Connecticut . Otis Wells was a farmer and died when Erastus was only fourteen . Erastus was the grandson of Ethelinda Otis and a relation of John Otis , who helped found the town of Hingham , Massachusetts in 1635 . Other notable relatives include James Otis , a successful lawyer , Harrison Gray Otis , a statesman and orator , Samuel A. Otis , one of the framers of the constitution of Massachusetts , and George Otis , a clergyman and author .
Wells married Isabella Bowman Henry , daughter of Captain John Henry of Jacksonville , Illinois , in 1850 . Isabella and Erastus Wells were the parents of three children , including former St. Louis Mayor Rolla Wells . Wells ' first wife died in 1877 and they were later remarried to Eleanor P. Bell of St. Louis in 1869 .
Professional career
Wells lived on a farm and attended district schools from ages 12 to 16 . At 16 , Wells left the farm and moved to Watertown , New York , later moving on to Lockport , New York . They moved to St. Louis , Missouri , in September , 1843 . After being inspired by the omnibuses they observed in New York , they established the first omnibus line in St. Louis with the help of Calvin Case , a prominent resident of St. Louis . The omnibus was the first of its kind west of the Mississippi . In 1850 , Wells and Case partnered with Robert O'Blennus and Lawrence Matthews on the bus lines . One of the most profitable lines for the business was a coach to Belleville , Illinois .
Erastus Wells was a passenger on the Pacific Railroad excursion train that crashed through the temporary bridge over the Gasconade River on November 1 , 1855 . They were uninjured but their partner , Calvin Case , was killed in the accident .
After the success of the bus lines , Wells helped in organizing another transportation venture , the Missouri Railway Company , and served as its president until 1881 . The first Missouri Railway Company car operated on July 4 , 1859 . Evidence of Wells ' changing profession can be seen in the St. Louis City Directories , in which they are listed as omnibus proprietor in 1859 and as pres . Mo . R.R . Co. in 1864 . Wells eventually sold their interest in the Railway Company , but moved on to many other prominent positions . They were president of the Narrow-Gauge Railway , director in the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad , president of the Accommodation Bank , director and vice-president of the Commercial Bank , and president of the Laclede Gas-Light Company . Wells also had a part in the erection of the Southern Hotel .
Political career
Erastus Wells 's political career began in 1848 , with an election to the city council . They retained their seat there for fourteen years until they resigned to take their seat in Congress in 1869 . As a member of the city council , Wells was elected chairperson of a special committee on water-works to initiate the building of a new water-works in St. Louis . Other members of the committee included Thomas C. Chester and L.W . Mitchell . As chairperson , Wells visited several cities , including Boston , New York , and Washington , to research other water-works systems . After returning to St. Louis , the committee drafted a report of their findings , which spurred the legislature to pass an act authorizing the City of St. Louis to fund the construction of a new water-works , at a cost of three million dollars . They also made note of police systems in the cities they visited , as they thought the police system in St. Louis to be inadequate . Based on a metropolitan police bill passed by the Legislature of Maryland , Wells adapted it to fit the laws of Missouri and submitted the bill to the state Legislature during the 1860-1861 session . The Governor , Claiborn Jackson , signed the bill , beginning a new era for the St. Louis metropolitan police system .
On March 4 , 1869 Wells took their seat in the United States House of Representatives , where they would remain for eight years , during the presidency of Ulysses S. Grant . Although Wells was a Democrat and disagreed with Grant politically , the two were friends during Wells ' term in Congress . As a member of Congress , Wells secured four million dollars in funding towards the building of the St. Louis Post Office and Custom House . They also worked to improve the Mississippi River , working with Captain James B. Eads on legislation regarding the promotion of the Eads Jetties . Wells ' interest in rail transportation continued into their service in Congress , with a speech they gave on February 24 , 1875 , supporting a bill that granted aid to the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad and the Texas and Pacific Railway . Wells 's speech asked Congress to support this bill , which would assist in the construction of a central rail line from the Mississippi River to the Pacific coast . Wells also introduced one of many bills put forward between 1870 and 1873 to establish the Territory of Oklahoma .
Death and legacy
Wells died on October 2 , 1893 , at Wellston , their country home , and was buried at Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis on October 4 , 1893 . They were 70 years old .
The city of Wellston , Missouri , was named after him . Wells purchased 66 acres of land in St. Louis County in 1868 and built a three-story brick house on the property , which was the family 's country home . That piece of land is part of what is now Wellston . A few years after their death in 1893 , the house burned down ; the cause of the fire was never determined .
References
External links
1823 births
1893 deaths
19th-century American railroad executives
Politicians from St. Louis
People from Sackets Harbor , New York
Burials at Bellefontaine Cemetery
Members of the St. Louis Board of Aldermen
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Missouri
19th-century American politicians
Phaedra may refer to :
Mythology
Phaedra ( mythology ) , Cretan princess , daughter of Minos and Pasiphaë , wife of Theseus
Arts and entertainment
Phaedra ( Alexandre Cabanel ) , an 1880 painting
Film
Phaedra ( film ) , a 1962 film by Jules Dassin based on the Phaedra myth
Phaedra Cinema , a distributor of films in the USA of the late 20th century
Music
Phaedra ( album ) ( 1974 ) , by the electronic music group Tangerine Dream
Phaedra 2005 , a later album by Tangerine Dream
Phaedra ( cantata ) , a cantata by Benjamin Britten based on the Phaedra myth
Phaedra , a mysterious woman referred to in the song `` Some Velvet Morning '' sung by Nancy Sinatra and Lee Hazlewood
Phaedra ( opera ) , an opera by Hans Werner Henze based on the Phaedra myth
Phaedra ( Phèdre ) , a character in the opera Hippolytus and Aricia by Jean-Philippe Rameau
Phaedra ( CD label ) , an independent classical CD-label , publishing Belgian and especially Flemish music
Plays
Phaedra ( Seneca ) , a play by Seneca the Younger
Phèdre , play by Jean Racine Phaedra ( 1962 ) , English translation of Racine 's work by Robert LowellPhedra ( 1984 ) , English translation of Racine 's work by Robert David MacDonald
People
Phaedra Parks , cast member on The Real Housewives of Atlanta Phaedra Nicolaidis , Australian actor
Science
174 Phaedra , an asteroid
Phaedra , synonym of Bernardia , a plant genus
Phaedra ( butterfly ) , a butterfly genus
See also
Phèdre '' , a dramatic tragedy by Jean Racine first performed in 1677
Fedra ( disambiguation ) , Italian spelling of Phaedra
Phaedrus ( disambiguation )
After Dark 2 is a compilation album featuring artists from the Italians Do It Better label . The album was released on May 17 , 2013 , and produced by Johnny Jewel . It is a sequel to the 2007 album After Dark . Artists and bands featured on the album include Glass Candy , Desire , Chromatics , Mirage , Appaloosa , Symmetry , Twisted Wires , Farah , and Mike Simonetti .
Track listing
References
2013 compilation albums
Record label compilation albums
Sequel albums
Dmitry Aleksandrovich Lachinov ( ) ( 10 Jan
1842 – 15 October 1902 ) was a Russian physicist , electrical engineer , inventor , meteorologist and climatologist .
Biography
Dmitry Lachinov studied in the St. Petersburg University , where they were a pupil of Heinrich Lenz , Pafnuty Chebyshev and Feodor Petrushevsky . In 1862 , when the University was closed because of the students ' unrest , Lachinov went to Germany and for two and a half years studied there under the guidance of Gustav Kirchhoff , Robert Bunsen and Hermann Helmholtz , attending practical lessons in their laboratories in Heidelberg and Tübingen .
In a paper released in 1880 , Lachinov became the first one to point out the possibility of electricity transmission over long distances , and to propose the means of achieving it — 18 months before the first publication of the article with similar conclusions by Marcel Deprez .
In 1889 Lachinov wrote the first textbook on meteorology and climatology in Russia . In its 2nd edition ( July 1895 ) they gave the first description of the lightning detector invented earlier by Alexander Popov ( the device was also a prototype of the first practical radio receiver ) .
Lachinov 's own inventions include a mercury pump , economizer for electricity consumption , electrical insulation tester ( or defectoscope ) , optical dynamometer , a special types of photometer and electrolyser . One of their main achievements was a method of industrial synthesis of hydrogen and oxygen through electrolysis ( 1888 ) .
Dmitry Lachinov is great-grandfather of physical chemist Mikhail Schultz .
Lachinov was The Officer of the Order Légion d'honneur .
See also
List of Russian inventors
References
Sources
Lachinov Dmitry Aleksandrovich at Great Cyrill and Methodius Encyclopedia
Rzhosnitsky B. N. Dmitry Aleksandrovich Lachinov . Moscow-Leningrad : Gosenergoizdat , 1955 / Ржонсницкий Б. Н. Дмитрий Александрович Лачинов . — М.—Л . : Госэнергоиздат , 1955
1842 births
1902 deaths
Russian inventors
Russian physicists
Russian meteorologists
Russian climatologists
Russian electrical engineers
The gilded barbet ( Capito auratus ) is a species of bird in the family Capitonidae , the New World barbets , and are close relatives of the toucans .
Description
It has a total length of c. 20 cm ( 8 in ) . As other New World barbets , the gilded barbet is a thickset , relatively large-headed bird with a stubby bill . The upperparts , tail , wing and mask are mainly black . The spotty bar over the greater wing coverts , narrow edging to the remiges and tips to the tertials are yellow . Additionally , the narrow yellow eyebrows extend as two parallel lines over the mantle . The belly is mainly pale yellow with black streaking to the flanks . Depending on subspecies , the throat ranges from red to orange , and the crown ranges from deep yellow over brownish-orange to reddish-orange . The female resembles the male , but with extensive orange-yellow edging to the wing-coverts , yellowish streaking to the auriculars and back , and the black streaking of the flanks also extending over the chest . In females from the westernmost part of its range ( subspecies punctatus ) , the throat is streaked black . Both sexes have dark maroon irides , greyish legs and a broadly black-tipped grey bill .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela , in the Orinoco River Basin and western Amazon Basin . It was formerly considered a subspecies of the black-spotted barbet from north-eastern South America . Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests and woodland . It mainly occurs in lowlands , but also ranges into the lower foothills of the eastern Andes . It is largely frugivorous .
Western Amazon Basin and Orinoco range
The gilded barbet ranges in the eastern Andes drainages to the rivers of the western Amazon Basin from eastern Colombia-Venezuela , eastern Ecuador , from north to south-eastern Peru , and northern Bolivia ; in Bolivia the barbet only ranges on the headwater tributaries to the north-easterly flowing Madeira River . The eastern limit in the south-west Amazon Basin is the Purus River west of the Madeira .
In the north-west Amazon Basin , the eastern range limit is central Roraima state Brazil , the south flowing Branco River . The contiguous range to the north-west into Venezuela is all of eastern Venezuela approaching the Guyana border . The gilded barbet 's range is on the eastern side of the Caribbean north-flowing Orinoco River drainage , but avoids the lower-half riverine strip by 150 km ; the range occurs on the upper-half of the Orinoco River extending south into the eastern border area of Colombia .
A small range extension goes southeastwards into central Bolivia , which are also tributary areas to the Madeira River .
References
External links
Gilded Barbet photo gallery VIREO
Photo-Medium Res ; Article birding-in-Peru– '' Guilded Barbet ''
Photo-High Res ; Article greenbackedheron
gilded barbet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
gilded barbet
gilded barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 25th Division was one of the divisions of the Spanish Republican Army that were organized during the Spanish Civil War on the basis of the Mixed Brigades . It participated in the battles of Huesca , Belchite , Teruel and Levante .
History
The division was created in April 1937 , within the incipient Eastern Army . It was organized from the old Jubert Division , which in turn had been the former Ortiz Column of anarchist militiamen .
The new unit was made up of the 116th , 117th , 118th mixed brigades , and a few weeks later was integrated into the also recently created 12th Army Corps . In June it participated in the Huesca Offensive . On the night of June 9–10 , troops from the 25th Division began a diversionary action on the enemy front , occupying various positions ; The general operation , however , did not yield the desired results and would eventually fail . At the end of August some of its units took part in the Zaragoza Offensive —especially , the 116th Mixed Brigade , standing out significantly during the Battle of Belchite . However , the commander of the division , Antonio Ortiz Ramírez , was dismissed after the battle of Belchite and replaced by Miguel García Vivancos .
In December , during the Battle of Teruel , it was integrated together with the 11th Division into the 22nd Army Corps . The forces of the 25th Division managed to conquer the Old Cemetery , the Hermitage of Santa Bárbara and the position of « El Mansueto » , although they came out of the fighting very broken . After the battle was over , the unit was placed in the rear as a reserve force . During the Aragon Offensive , in March 1938 , the unit was forced to withdraw due to enemy pressure . It ended up retreating to the south of the Ebro , after the Republican zone was cut in two . During these weeks the division was attached to various army corps .
Later it was integrated into the 17th Army Corps , together with the 40th and 65th divisions . Between May and July it intervened very actively in the Levante Offensive , taking outstanding action during the republican defense of Caudiel . For the remainder of the war , the unit remained at rest , not participating in any further interventions .
Leaders
Commanders
Antonio Ortiz Ramírez ;
Miguel García Vivancos ;
Manuel Cristóbal Errandonea ;
Eusebio Sanz Asensio ;
Víctor Álvarez González
Commissars
Saturnino Carod Lerín ;
Antonio Ejarque Pina
Chief of Staff
Alfredo Navarro Sanganetti
Battles
See also
Spanish Republican Army
List of Spanish Republican divisions
Notes
References
Bibliography
Military units and formations established in 1937
Military units and formations disestablished in 1939
Divisions of Spain
Spanish Civil War
Military history of Spain
Armed Forces of the Second Spanish Republic
1937 establishments in Spain
1937 disestablishments in Spain
Militarized anarchist formations
Root & Cady was a Chicago-based music publishing firm , founded in 1858 . It became the most successful music publisher of the American Civil War and published many of the most popular songs during that war . The firm 's founders were Ebenezer Towner Root ( 1822–1896 ) and Chauncey Marvin Cady ( 1824 - 1889 ) .
The company 's publishings include The Silver Lute , the first music book printed in Chicago . It was eventually used in the city 's public school system .
Root & Cady dominated Chicago 's music publishing industry until the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 destroyed $ 125,000 of the firm 's inventory , leading to its bankruptcy within a year . In 1875 , the former members of Root & Cady formed a new firm : The Root & Sons Music Company . The members were ( i ) George F. Root ( 1820–1895 ) , ( ii ) Frederick Woodman Root ( 1846–1918 ) , George 's son , ( iii ) Ebenezer Towner Root ( 1822–1896 ) — George 's brother — ( iv ) William Lewis ( 1837– ) , ( v ) William A. Root — George 's brother — and ( vi ) Charles C. Curtiss ( 1847–1928 ) , who served as manager .
See also
Fanny Crosby ( 1820–1915 ) , songwriter
William Lewis & Son Co. , offshoot of The Root & Sons Music Company
References
Root and Cady — Re-Association of the Members of That Famous House , Daily Inter Ocean ( Chicago ) , Vol . IV , Issue 80 , pg . 12 , June 26 , 1875
Charles C. Curtiss , Manager of the Fine Arts Building , Dies , Presto-Times , '' April 7 , 1928 , pg . 11
Notes
Music publishing companies of the United States
Publishing companies established in 1858
1858 establishments in Illinois
Defunct companies based in Chicago
History of Chicago
External links
The Dena Epstein Root & Cady Research Papers at Newberry Library
The Remembrance Project is an anti-illegal immigration American non-profit organization based in Houston , Texas . The Project maintains a list of American citizens killed by illegal immigrants in the United States and works to draw attention to the victims of such crimes .
It was praised by President Donald Trump , and members of the group frequently joined Trump during the 2016 United States presidential campaign .
History
The Remembrance Project was founded in 2009 by conservative anti-immigration activist Maria Espinoza a child of a legal immigrant father .
During the 2016 United States presidential election , members of the Remembrance Project joined candidate Donald Trump at rallies . On January 25 , 2017 , President Trump thanked the organization for their good work .
The Southern Poverty Law Center has criticized Espinoza for `` helping to advance the agenda of the organized nativist movement in the United States , which is to demonize immigrants in general , whether documented or not '' , for calling crime committed by illegal immigrants an `` epidemic '' and for appearing on the front cover of The Social Contract which it calls a racist journal . Espinoza has supported a `` catch an illegal immigrant '' game on the campus of University of Texas at Austin , and claimed that `` Child molestation and rape are very numerous in this illegal alien demographic ! ''
See also
Illegal immigration to the United States
Illegal immigrant population of the United States
Immigration and crime
Office of Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement
Angel Families
Illegal immigration to the United States and crime
References
External links
Remembrance Project
Non-profit organizations based in Houston
Non-profit organizations based in Texas
2009 establishments in the United States
Anti-immigration politics in the United States
White nationalism in the United States
Victims ' rights organizations
The Jim Gaffigan Show is an American sitcom written and executive produced by comedian Jim Gaffigan and their wife Jeannie Gaffigan . Gaffigan stars as a fictionalized version of themselves as a stand-up comedian raising five children in a two-bedroom New York City apartment . An 11-episode first season debuted on July 15 , 2015 , on TV Land . On August 31 , 2015 , TV Land renewed the series for a 12-episode second season , which premiered on June 19 , 2016 .
On August 22 , 2016 , Jim and Jeannie Gaffigan announced that the series would not be returning for a third season so they could spend more time with their kids . As of 2021 , the whole series is available to watch on streaming apps PlutoTV and Paramount+ .
Cast
Jim Gaffigan as a fictionalized version of themselves
Ashley Williams as Jeannie Gaffigan , Jim 's wife
Michael Ian Black as Daniel Benjamin , Jeannie 's confidante
Adam Goldberg as Dave Marks , Jim 's best friend who is a struggling comedian
Tongayi Chirisa as Father Nicholas , the rector at Jim and Jeannie 's church
Vanessa Aspillaga as Blanca , the nanny of Jim and Jeannie 's kids
Caitlin Moeller as Elizabeth Gaffigan
Comedians Chris Rock , Dave Attell , Bill Burr , Hannibal Buress , John Mulaney , Whitney Cummings , Esther Ku , Jim Norton , Will Ferrell and political personality Joe Scarborough make guest appearances as fictional versions of themselves , as do TV personality Jimmy Fallon and actors Steve Buscemi , Matthew Broderick , Nathan Lane and Alec Baldwin . Macaulay Culkin makes multiple cameo appearances as themselves holding different low-income jobs and appearing on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon .
Production
Development
NBC first showed interest in the show , but eventually passed . CBS previously tried twice to develop Jim Gaffigan 's semi-autobiographical series . While still in talks with NBC , Jeannie would have played themselves in the show , however CBS decided to cast someone—a decision they agreed with—and they joined in casting the role . The network ordered a pilot episode in January 2013 , at which time Mira Sorvino was attached to play Gaffigan 's wife , with Christian Barillas and Tongayi Chirisa in supporting roles . CBS passed on the series in May 2013 and instead planned to redevelop it for the 2014-15 television season . The series was recast with new cast members Williams , Goldberg and Black . CBS passed on the series in May 2014 , and Sony Pictures Television began shopping it to other networks . It was announced in July 2014 that TV Land had ordered the series and , unlike previous networks , granted the Gaffigans full creative control . Jim Gaffigan said of the announcement : `` I am thrilled that TV Land is giving us this opportunity to do this show that Peter , Jeannie and I have been fine-tuning for three years . '' TV Land president Larry W. Jones said the series was perfect for its target audience of Generation Xers who are raising families . Jones said : `` We love Jim Gaffigan 's brand of humor . The second we saw this show we knew we wanted it on TV Land . ''
Writing
The series is partially based on the real lives of Jim and Jeannie Gaffigan , who have five children and live in a two-bedroom apartment in New York City . The age differences between the children were shortened for the television show , and Jeannie said , `` The TV kids are sort of a snapshot of an earlier time in our lives when they were all younger '' . Episodes are built around actual incidents they 've experienced . Other regular topics of Jim Gaffigan 's stand-up comedy are part of the series , particularly their love of food . Jeannie said the list of props for the show is `` almost 90 percent food ... which I thought was pretty funny '' .
Although Jim will play a comedian , a conscious decision was made not to regularly intersperse the narrative with their stand-up comedy , like in such popular shows as Seinfeld and Louie . They said of this decision : `` I want this to be more about what happens off the stage . ... 'Stand-up comedian ' is an occupation and , like our pilot , we 're evolving into a much more mature show . '' Jim Gaffigan and Peter Tolan wrote the pilot together . The rest of the series is written by Jim and their wife Jeannie .
Crew
Jeff Lowell was the showrunner for Season 1 The Jim Gaffigan Show , and served as an executive producer along with Jim and Jeannie Gaffigan , Jim 's real-life wife , a fictional version of whom will also appear in the show . Jeannie took over the showrunner position for Season 2 . Alex Murray and Sandy Wernick will also be executive producers .
Filming
Production on the single-camera series began in 2015 . Filming occurred at such New York City locations as Katz 's Delicatessen and the Gotham Comedy Club . The set is an exact replica of their former apartment , set on a soundstage .
Broadcast
Comedy Central , a cable network owned by TV Land parent company Viacom , aired episodes of the series one week after they debuted . New episodes were simulcast on Nick at Nite . Episodes are available on video on demand on cable outlets and for streaming on Hulu ( with a paid subscription ) three weeks after airing on TV Land .
In Canada , The Jim Gaffigan Show aired on The Comedy Network . The show debuted on the network on December 1 , 2015 .
Reception
Early critical reviews were largely positive , with mixed comparisons to the show Louie . Grading the show with an `` A '' , Diane Werts with Newsday called the show `` This summer 's must-see comedy smash , '' adding , `` I ca n't remember laughing out loud so consistently at a situation comedy maybe , um , ever . '' In an overall favorable review , The New York Times called the show `` quite funny . '' TV critic Ken Tucker said the show `` gets better with each episode . '' Some critics found the show too sterile . The Hollywood Reporter said `` Gaffigan 's good-naturedness is pleasant , if not particularly interesting . '' Entertainment Weekly , giving the show a `` B− '' , said it was mostly `` stray one-liners and stilted semi-riffs . Imagine a less nourishing Louie or Curb Your Enthusiasm . '' The Washington Post remarked that , while `` Gaffigan has perfected their shtick ... It works as a stage presence , but not so much as a TV character . ''
Ending
Despite an overall positive critical reception , Jim and Jeannie decided not to pursue a third season . In a statement released on Jim Gaffigan 's Twitter , they announced that `` the time commitment to make the quality of show we wanted was taking us away from our most important project , our five children . ''
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 ( 2015 )
Season 2 ( 2016 )
References
External links
2015 American television series debuts
2016 American television series endings
2010s American single-camera sitcoms
English-language television shows
Cultural depictions of American men
Cultural depictions of comedians
TV Land original programming
Television series about families
Television series about comedians
Television shows set in New York City
Television series by Sony Pictures Television
The 10th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Service
The 10th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was organized at Covington , Lexington , and Crab Orchard , Kentucky , from September 8 through November 11 , 1862 . It mustered in for one year under the command of Colonel Joshua Tevis .
The 10th Kentucky Cavalry mustered out of service on September 17 , 1863 .
Detailed service
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 75 men during service ; 13 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded , 1 officer and 61 enlisted men died of disease .
Commanders
Colonel Joshua Tevis
Colonel Charles J. Walker
Notable members
Private William Louis Marshall , Company A - brigadier general & Chief of Engineers ( 1908–1910 )
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer , Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion ( Des Moines , IA : Dyer Pub . Co. ) , 1908 .
Attribution
External links
History and alphabetical roster of the 10th Kentucky Cavalry taken from Thomas Speed 's Union Regiments of Kentucky
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1863
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1862 establishments in Kentucky
Kaligandaki may refer to :
Gandaki River , known as Kali Gandaki at its source
Kaligandaki , Syangja , a rural municipality in Syangja district of Nepal
Kaligandaki , Gulmi , a rural municipality in Gulmi district of Nepal
Kaligandaki ( TV series )
Buffalo Springs is an unincorporated community in Bowman County , North Dakota , United States . Buffalo Springs is located on U.S. Route 12 and the BNSF Railway , east of Bowman .
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system , Buffalo Springs has a semi-arid climate , abbreviated `` BSk '' on climate maps .
References
Unincorporated communities in Bowman County , North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in North Dakota
Iyanla Vanzant ( born Rhonda Eva Harris ; September 13 , 1953 ) is an American inspirational speaker , lawyer , New Thought spiritual teacher , author , life coach , and television personality . They are known primarily for their books , their eponymous talk show , and their appearances on The Oprah Winfrey Show . They can currently be seen on television as the host of Iyanla : Fix My Life , on OWN : Oprah Winfrey Network .
Life and career
Vanzant was born on September 13 , 1953 , in the back of a taxi in Brooklyn , New York , as Rhonda Eva Harris . They are the daughter of Sarah Jefferson , a railroad carmaid , and Horace Harris . Them mother died from breast cancer in 1955 , when they were two . They were then raised by paternal relatives . Them first husband was physically abusive and they left them in 1980 , taking their three children . In 1983 , they were given the title `` Iyanla '' , which means `` great mother '' , after being initiated and ordained as a priestess in the Yoruba tradition ( as mentioned in their television interview on the Conn Jackson show ) . They attended Medgar Evers College and Virginia Union University . Vanzant holds a Juris Doctor degree from the City University of New York School of Law and a Master 's degree from the University of Santa Monica ( USM ) , Center for the Study and Practice of Spiritual Psychology . They currently reside in Upper Marlboro , Maryland . They are also an ordained New Thought minister .
In 2000 , they were named one of the `` 100 most influential Black Americans '' by Ebony magazine , which said that `` Her books , lectures and television appearances have made them a multimedia high priestess of healthy relationships . '' In 2012 , Vanzant was listed at # 7 on Watkins ' Mind Body Spirit magazine 's list of the 100 most spiritually influential living people . In 2014 , they were a co-speaker on Oprah 's the `` Life You Want Weekend '' tour , which travelled to eight cities and also featured Deepak Chopra , Mark Nepo , Elizabeth Gilbert , and Rob Bell . In 2016 , Vanzant was named to Oprah Winfrey 's SuperSoul100 list of visionaries and influential leaders .
Vanzant is an honorary member of Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority . On Christmas Day 2003 , Vanzant 's 30-year-old daughter , Gemmia , died from a rare form of colon cancer . Vanzant and their husband , Yemi , divorced in 2007 .
Filmography and bibliography
Interiors : a black woman 's healing -- in progress . Writers and Readers , 1995. .
The Big Book of Faith . Simon & Schuster , 1997. .
The spirit of a man : a vision of transformation for Black men and the women who love them . HarperSanFrancisco , 1997. .
Acts of Faith 1998 : Thought-for-a-Day . Simon & Schuster , 1997. .
Faith in the Valley : Lessons for Women on the Journey to Peace . Simon & Schuster , 1998. .
Do n't Give It Away ! : A Workbook of Self-Awareness and Self-Affirmations for Young Women . with Almasi Wilcots . Simon & Schuster , 1999. .
Yesterday , I Cried : Celebrating the Lessons of Living and Loving . Simon & Schuster , 1999. .
One Day My Soul Just Opened Up : 40 Days And 40 Nights Toward Spiritual Strength And Personal Growth . Simon & Schuster , 1999. .
In the Meantime : Finding Yourself and the Love You Want . Simon & Schuster , 2000. .
Acts of Faith : Meditations for People of Color . Simon & Schuster , 2001. .
Value in the Valley : A Black Woman 's Guide Through Life 's Dilemmas . Simon & Schuster , 2001. .
Living through the meantime : learning to break the patterns of the past and begin the healing process . Simon & Schuster , 2001. .
Iyanla Vanzant . Simon & Schuster , Limited , 2001. .
Until Today . Hay House Inc , 2002. .
Tips for Daily Living Cards : A 50-Card Deck . Hay House Inc , 2002. .
Every Day I Pray : Prayers for Awakening to the Grace of Inner Communion . Pocket , 2002. .
Up From Here : Reclaiming the Male Spirit : A Guide to Transforming Emotions Into Power and Freedom . HarperCollins , 2003. .
Tapping the Power Within : A Path to Self-Empowerment for Women . Hay House , Inc , 2008. .
A Woman Knows Things . Hay House UK , Limited , 2010. .
Peace from Broken Pieces : How to Get Through What You 're Going Through . Hay House , Inc , 2010. .
Girls Trip Guest appearance
Trust : Mastering The 4 Essentials
Television
Iyanla ( TV Series ) , Host ( 2001-2002 )
Starting Over , Life Coach ( Seasons 2 and 3 ) ( 2004–2006 )
Oprah 's Lifeclass , Lifeclass Teacher , OWN : Oprah Winfrey Network ( 2011–2014 )
Iyanla , Fix My Life , Host , OWN : Oprah Winfrey Network ( 2012–2021 )
TV guest appearances
'Tavis Smiley ' ( 29 April 2004 ) playing themselves
Moesha ( 8 May 2000 ) in episode : `` The Robbing Hood '' ( episode # 5.20 ) playing themselves
The Chris Rock Show ( 8 October 1999 ) playing themselves
The Oprah Winfrey Show ( 20 appearances from early 1998 through mid 1999 )
The Salt-N-Pepa Show ( February 2008 )
The Oprah Winfrey Show ( 16 and 23 February 2011 , discussing their departure from Harpo Productions in 1999 )
Super Soul Sunday ( 9 and 16 September 2012 )
Katie ( 27 September 2012 )
Anderson Live ( 9 November 2012 )
Joy Behar : Say Anything ! ( 21 November 2012 )
The Dr. Oz Show ( 8 April 2013 )
Oprah Prime ( 29 November 2014 )
Super Soul Sunday ( 26 April 2016 )
Greenleaf ( 3 October 2018 ) in Season 3 Episode 6 : `` She Changes Everything ''
Braxton Family Values Two Episodes 2018
References
External links
Iyanla Vanzant Quotes
Inner Visions Worldwide
Interview on The Mo'Kelly Radio Show
American motivational speakers
Women motivational speakers
African-American non-fiction writers
American non-fiction writers
New Thought writers
Writers from Brooklyn
1953 births
Living people
American spiritual writers
Medgar Evers College alumni
People from Upper Marlboro , Maryland
African-American women writers
Virginia Union University alumni
Television personalities from New York City
American spiritual teachers
Life coaches
American women television personalities
Iyalawos
CUNY School of Law alumni
American women non-fiction writers
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Liopropoma carmabi , the candy basslet , is a species of fish in the family Serranidae .
Description
Liopropoma carmabi constitute a size that is smaller than most Liopropoma species and remain small , with a body length that can range up to 6.0 centimeters . Typically , males on average extend to 5.1 cm and females to 4.45 cm . L. carmabi are found to have approximately 67 dorsal spines and 1,213 dorsal soft rays . The head , body , and caudal fin of the candy basslet houses horizontal orange and lavender stripes , separated by red lines , giving it a defined vignette , thus signifying why the species chooses a secretive fashion of housing . They also embody a typical torpedo shaped body , one that is common among Liopropoma species . Two distinct markers are the two black dots on the back of the caudal fin . In addition , gill rakers are also a feature . The Candy Basslet has ctenoid scales with everything on the head scaled except for the lips and a small portion on the front of the snout . Its caudal fin is rounded , and the anal fin is positioned behind where the second dorsal fin begins .
Distribution
Liopropoma carmabi is one of five species of Liopropoma that reside in the deep waters of the tropical Atlantic Ocean , ranging from the Florida Keys , and along the eastern Caribbean , to as far as the northern coast of South America . It is most commonly found near the island of Curacao .
Taxonomy
The candy basslet is part of the family Serranidae ( sea bass , groupers and reef basslets ) . It 's one of 37 species of reef basslets in the tribe Liopropomini . L. carmabi houses many similarities with two other Lioporpoma species ; the Swissguard Basslet ( L. rubre ) and the Swales Basslet ( L. swalisi ) , including size and coloration . However , its more defined and intense phenotypic coating can easily differentiate it from the other two .
Habitat and ecology
The species is widely distributed in the mentioned areas above . They are most notable for their cryptic style of living , and thus prefer to situate in deeper habitats . The closest distance they are found to live near the surface is at 25m below , and they can live as deep as 100m from the surface . L. carmabi are commonly found over rocky reefs , especially areas with more minimally sized corals , and instead rich rock shelter and rubble . This particular species of fish also accustom to living at a mean temperature of 27 degrees Celsius . Commercially , due to their defined and appealing phenotype , aquarium trade is desirable but rare , because of the difficulty to reach their deep habitats . Ornamental marine fishes are known to be high in abundance in India . Liopropoma carmabi are used in ornamental fish trading due to their striking color . An individual of the species is worth $ 1,000 ranking it at # 10 for the world 's most expensive tropical fish from India . If deep-water populations decrease , this will reduce predator-prey interaction in the ecosystem . If climate variation increases , deep-water species will migrate to new habitats and increase populations if resources are substantial .
Reproductive behavior
In shadier environments , or environments that cater to being more secretive , the species are prone to swim in a manner where both sexes are traveling in parallel to each other with their operculum 's in contact . This behavior indicates courtship between the two sexes , and spawning takes place : an external mode of zygote fertilization.Similarly , to the genus Liopropoma , Epinephelinae distributes spherical , small to medium eggs offshore from oceanic islands in the open sea . Liopropoma carmabi has the most unique larva compared to other larvae of the family Serranidae .
Diet
Feeding behavior of L. carmabi usually includes crustaceans such as brine shrimps and crabs that are of a small enough size to fit in the basslet 's relatively small mouth . Candy basslets also consume other meaty seafood such as krill .
Conservation
The invasive lionfish , Pterois , is known to prey on candy basslets , but the extent of this threat has not been determined . Due to unknown major threats , and the wide distribution of the species across the tropical Atlantic , it is listed under Least Concern when categorizing the endangerment of species .
References
carmabi
Fish described in 1963
Marx 's Theory of Ideology is a 1982 book about Karl Marx by the political theorist Bhikhu Parekh . The work was inspired by Parekh 's experience of racial discrimination in British society .
Reception
Marx 's Theory of Ideology was reviewed by Nicholas Abercrombih in Sociology . The political theorist Terrell Carver called the book a classic exposition of the Marxist theory of ideology .
References
Bibliography
Books
Journals
Online articles
1982 non-fiction books
Books about Karl Marx
Books by Bhikhu Parekh
Contemporary philosophical literature
English-language books
Johns Hopkins University Press books
Marxist books
South Carolina elected its member October 8–9 , 1810 .
See also
South Carolina 's 1st congressional district special election , 1810
United States House of Representatives elections , 1810 and 1811
List of United States representatives from South Carolina
Notes
1810
South Carolina
United States House of Representatives
The red-collared woodpecker ( Picus rabieri ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae . It is found in Cambodia , China , Laos , and Vietnam .
Its natural habitat is temperate forests . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
red-collared woodpecker
Birds of Laos
Birds of Vietnam
red-collared woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The 2020 United States presidential election in Oklahoma was held on Tuesday , November 3 , 2020 , as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated . Oklahoma voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote , pitting the Republican Party 's nominee , incumbent President Donald Trump , and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee , former Vice President Joe Biden , and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris . Oklahoma has seven electoral votes in the Electoral College .
Trump easily carried Oklahoma on Election Day by a margin of 33.08 % , down from 36.39 points in 2016 . Oklahoma was one of two states where Trump won every county , the other being West Virginia . This also signaled the fifth consecutive election in which the Republican candidate carried every county in the state , including those counties encompassed by Native American reservations . In this election , Trump also became the first presidential candidate ever to win more than a million votes in Oklahoma . Biden , however , came within 3,326 votes of winning Oklahoma 's most populous county Oklahoma County , and won more than 40 % of the vote in Oklahoma 's second-most populous county Tulsa . No Democratic presidential candidate has won Oklahoma County since Lyndon B. Johnson in their 1964 landslide , or Tulsa County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in their 1936 landslide . This is the first election since 2000 in which not every county voted in the majority for the Republican . However , these gains in urban Oklahoma were offset by continued falloff in southeast Oklahoma , where Biden even underperformed Hillary Clinton 's performance four years earlier in most counties .
Per exit polls by the Associated Press , Trump 's strength in Oklahoma came from Southern whites , with 71 % support . Oklahoma , often termed the `` Buckle of the Bible Belt '' , is a very religious state , with Trump capturing the Protestant vote by 78 % . Trump also exhibited considerable strength in the socially conservative but economically liberal area known as `` Little Dixie '' , which historically votes Democratic at the local level , carrying Oklahoma 's 2nd congressional district , which encompasses this region and its sizable conservative Native American population , by 54 % .
Primary elections
The primary elections were held on Super Tuesday , March 3 , 2020 .
Republican primary
Donald Trump and Bill Weld were among the declared Republican candidates .
Democratic primary
Bernie Sanders , Elizabeth Warren , and former Vice President Joe Biden were the major declared Democratic candidates .
Libertarian nominee
Jo Jorgensen , Psychology Senior Lecturer at Clemson University
General election
Independent candidates
Three unaffiliated candidates filed to be on the Oklahoma presidential ballot , all by paying a $ 35,000 fee . Green Party candidate Howie Hawkins has filed a lawsuit challenging the amount of the filing fee .
Jade Simmons , concert artist , speaker , and author
Brock Pierce , cryptocurrency entrepreneur and former child actor
Kanye West , musician
Ballot order
Oklahoma determines ballot order by lot , with unaffiliated candidates listed below candidates of recognized parties . The drawing was held on July 16 , with the resulting order for political parties being Republican , Libertarian , Democrat . The unaffiliated candidates for president will be listed in this order : Jade Simmons , Kanye West , Brock Pierce .
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Generic Democrat
Results
Results by county
By congressional district
Trump won all of Oklahoma 's congressional districts .
Electors
Republican Party electors
Ronda Vuillemont-Smith , Lonnie Lu Anderson , Chris Martin , Steve Fair , Linda Huggard , A. J. Ferate , Carolyn McLarty
Libertarian Party electors
Erin Adams , Danny Chabino , Drew Cook , Kevin Hobbie , Rex Lawhorn , Jay Norton , Victoria Whitfield
Democratic Party electors
Judy Eason McIntyre , Eric Proctor , Jeff Berrong , Christine Byrd , Demetrios Bereolos , Pamela Iron , Shevonda Steward
Electors for Jade Simmons
Shanda Carter , Terrence Stephens , Hope Stephens , Elizabeth Stephens , Dakota Hooks , Phalanda Boyd , Quincy Boyd
Electors for Kanye West
April Anderson , Craig Alan Weygandt , Will Flanagan , Tom Krup , Megan Krup , Gretchen Schrupp , David Schrupp
Electors for Brock Pierce
Robert Murphy , Susan Darlene Murphy , Richard Prawdzienski , Jessy Artman , David Selinger , Shane Wayne Howell , Angela McCaslin
Notes
Partisan clients
See also
United States presidential elections in Oklahoma
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Libertarian Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
References
External links
( state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters )
Oklahoma
2020
Presidential
Senior lecturer is an academic rank . In the United Kingdom , Ireland , New Zealand , Australia , Switzerland , and Israel senior lecturer is a faculty position at a university or similar institution . The position is tenured and is roughly equivalent to an associate professor in the North American system .
Overview
Especially in research-intensive universities , lecturers lead research groups and supervise research students , as well as teach . After a number of years , lecturers might be promoted to senior lecturers with increasing research , leadership , and administrative responsibilities . In most research-intensive universities ( such as those that are part of the Russell Group and 1994 Group ) , a senior lecturer position is between a lecturer and a reader , with a strong focus on research . At the same time , in some universities ( for instance , University of Leeds ) , the rank of reader is no longer used for new appointments . A senior lecturer position can be a parallel position to reader in other universities . In some universities ( notably post-1992 UK universities and former polytechnics ) , the senior lecturer and reader ranks denote different responsibilities , with the former being more teaching-focused and the latter being more research-focused . Senior lecturers can progress to either a reader or a professor position .
Commonwealth and European usage
In most UK , New Zealand , Australian , Swiss and Israeli universities , senior lecturer ( Oberassistent or Akademischer Rat in German or Chargé de cours in French ) is equivalent to the level of `` associate professor '' in North American universities , and `` lecturer '' is roughly equivalent to the North American `` assistant professor '' .
Some British universities ( for instance , Nottingham and Warwick ) have recently decided to adopt the North American ranks of assistant and associate professor instead of lecturer and senior lecturer/reader . Some UK universities ( for example , Plymouth University ) use the rank of associate professor to denote the rank between a lecturer and a professor , but qualify it with 'senior lecturer ' or 'reader ' in the title , for example : Associate Professor ( Senior Lecturer ) .
North American usage
In the United States , Canada , and other countries influenced by their educational systems , the term is used differently , sometimes denoting academics without tenure who teach full or part-time but have few or no research responsibilities within the institution where they teach . Conversely , some universities use the term to refer to full-time , tenured faculty whose primary responsibilities are teaching and service instead of research . A convention some schools have begun to use is the title `` teaching professor , '' with or without ranks , to clarify that these are in fact true faculty members who simply do not have research obligations .
Senior lecturers sometimes have substantial experience and accomplishments in their field and possess a doctorate or its professional equivalent and sometimes just require a given number of years of experience . Also , in some schools it is a temporary post for visiting academics of considerable prominence—e.g . a famous writer may serve for a term or a year , for instance . In some colleges the term Senior Lecturer is awarded to highly qualified or accomplished lecturers .
Singapore usage
The National University of Singapore introduced a teaching-only career pathway in 2008 , which was reframed as a tenure-track rank in 2015 . Senior lecturer is equivalent to the level of senior assistant professor . The next rank is associate professor ( educator track ) .
Comparison
The table presents a broad overview of the traditional main systems , but there are universities which use a combination of those systems or other titles . Some universities in Commonwealth countries have also entirely adopted the North American system in place of the Commonwealth system .
References
Education and training occupations
Academic administration
Academic ranks
is a former Japanese football player .
Club career
Tahara was born in Aira on April 27 , 1982 . After graduating from high school , they joined Yokohama F. Marinos in 2001 . However they could hardly play in the match and they moved to Kyoto Purple Sanga ( later Kyoto Sanga FC ) in September 2002 . Their opportunity to play decreased and they played many matches from 2004 . They moved to Shonan Bellmare in 2009 and Yokohama FC in 2012 . In 2014 , they moved to Thailand and joined Samut Songkhram . In 2015 , they returned to Japan and their local club Kagoshima United FC . They retired end of 2015 season .
National team career
In June 2001 , Tahara was selected Japan U-20 national team for 2001 World Youth Championship . At this tournament , they played all 3 matches and scored a goal against the Czech Republic .
Club statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Kagoshima Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Yokohama F. Marinos players
Kyoto Sanga FC players
Shonan Bellmare players
Yokohama FC players
Kagoshima United FC players
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Association football forwards
Lester B. Williams ( June 24 , 1920 – November 13 , 1990 ) was an American Texas blues and electric blues guitarist , singer and songwriter . They are best known for their song `` Winter Time Blues '' and `` I Ca n't Lose with the Stuff I Use '' . Their main influence was T-Bone Walker .
Williams released several singles in the 1950s . Their recording career lasted from 1949 to 1956 , but they remained a stalwart of the Houston blues circuit for decades .
Life and career
Williams was born in Groveton , Texas . When they were a young boy their family relocated to Houston . After serving in World War II , Williams sang at Houston 's Eldorado Ballroom , but quit and enrolled at the New England Conservatory in Boston , Massachusetts , to study piano and voice . They did not graduate , and they returned to Houston , where they taught themselves to play the guitar and started to write songs . Walker 's influence inspired Williams , who said to himself , `` I could learn to play guitar and pull in some of that money that T-Bone made '' . Having formed their own group in 1949 , they wrote `` Winter Time Blues '' , which came from their own experience when their wife and daughter traveled to Los Angeles for the summer , leaving them to contemplate the winter alone . The song included the lyric `` Winter without your baby , you might as well be dead '' .
They signed a recording contract with Macy 's Recordings , and Steve Poncio produced `` Winter Time Blues '' which was a regional hit . Their next few releases did not fare well commercially and , by 1951 , Williams had moved to Specialty Records . Their first disc for them was their biggest success , `` I Ca n't Lose with the Stuff I Use '' ( 1952 ) . Their notability rose to the extent that they appeared in February 1953 at Carnegie Hall , in New York , on a bill that included Dinah Washington , Billy Eckstine and Nat King Cole . The song `` I Ca n't Lose with the Stuff I Use '' was covered a decade later by B.B . King .
Their success was short-lived , as subsequent releases did not sell well . By 1954 , Williams was performing regularly on the Houston radio station KLVL , and they began a constant touring regime across the South . Additional singles were released by Duke and by Imperial , the latter in 1956 .
For the ensuing decades , Williams continued to perform around Houston and beyond . They undertook a tour of Europe in 1986 .
Williams died in November 1990 , in Houston , at the age of 70 .
Discography
Compilation albums
See also
List of electric blues musicians
List of Texas blues musicians
References
1920 births
1990 deaths
American blues singers
American blues guitarists
American rhythm and blues bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
American rhythm and blues guitarists
American rhythm and blues singers
Songwriters from Texas
Electric blues musicians
Texas blues musicians
20th-century American singers
20th-century American bass guitarists
Guitarists from Texas
People from Groveton , Texas
20th-century American male singers
American male songwriters
Althaara is a 1964 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed and produced by P. Subramaniam . The film stars Prem Nazir , Sheela , Adoor Bhasi and K. S. Gopinath . The film had musical score by M. B. Sreenivasan .
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Adoor Bhasi
K. S. Gopinath
Joseph Chacko
Kanchana ( old )
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Mary
N. S. Ittan
Paravoor Bharathan
S. P. Pillai
K. V. Shanthi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and the lyrics were written by Thirunayinaarkurichi Madhavan Nair .
References
External links
1964 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Subramaniam
The Mbahaam–Iha languages are a pair of Papuan languages spoken on the Bomberai Peninsula of western New Guinea .
The two languages , Baham ( Mbaham ) and Iha , are closely related to each other .
Proto-language
Phonemes
Usher ( 2020 ) reconstructs the consonant and vowel inventories as :
{ |
| * m || * n || || ||
|-
| * p || * t || || * k || * kʷ
|-
| * mb || * nd || || * ŋg || * ŋgʷ
|-
| || * s || || ||
|-
| * w || * r || * j || ||
| }
Prenasalized plosives do not occur initially , having merged with the voiceless plosives .
The vowels are * i * u * ɛ * ɔ * a and the diphthongs * iɛ * ɛi .
Pronouns
Usher ( 2020 ) reconstructs the free pronouns as :
{ |
! ! ! sg ! ! pl
|-
! 1excl
|rowspan=2| * [ a/ɔ ] n|| [ * mbi ]
|-
! 1incl
| * in
|-
! 2
| * k [ a/ɔ ] || * ki
|-
! 3
| * m [ a/ɔ ] || * mi , * wat
| }
Basic vocabulary
Some lexical reconstructions by Usher ( 2020 ) are :
{ | class= '' wikitable sortable ''
! gloss ! ! Proto-Mbahaam-Iha ! ! Mbahaam ! ! Iha
|-
! head
| * kaˈnda || kndaː || kanda
|-
! ear
| * kʷⁱɛr || kpʷujɛr || pɛr
|-
! eye
| || k ( i ) jɛp || kɛndɛp
|-
! blood
| * wⁱɛk || wijɛk || wɛk
|-
! bone
| * ˈtɔkar || tɔ ( ː ) qar || tɔqar
|-
! skin
| * pak || paːk || pak
|-
! breast
| * sɔn || sɔːn || hɔn ~ sɔn
|-
! louse
| * mɛⁱn || miːn || mɛin
|-
! dog
| * jaˈmbar || jambaːr || mbiar
|-
! pig
| * [ ku ] ˈndur || kunduːr || ndur
|-
! egg
| * wun || uːn || wun
|-
! tree
| * wiˈra || wurʲaː ~ wɛrʲaː || wɛrɛ ~ wrɛ
|-
! man/male
| * nami-sar || nami-ha || nɛmɛ-har
|-
! woman/female
| * t [ ɔ/u ] mb [ ɔ/u ] r || tumbu- || ( tɔ- ) tɔmbɔr
|-
! sun
| * kaˈminV || kamiːni || kimina
|-
! moon
| * kaˈpas || kabaːs || kabah
|-
! water
| * kiˈra || krija || kara
|-
! stone
| * war || waːr || war
|-
! name
| * nⁱɛ || nʲiɛ || nɛ
|-
! eat
| * nawa || nɔwa || nɔwa ~ nawa-
|-
! one
| * ɔkʷɔ [ nɔ ] || ɔqɔnɔ || pɔ
| }
Protoforms of the 20 most-stable items in the Swadesh list include the following .
{ | class= '' wikitable sortable ''
! gloss ! ! Proto-Mbahaam–Iha
|-
| * mɛin || louse
|-
| ? || two
|-
| * kiˈra || water
|-
| * kʷiɛr || ear
|-
| * kimi || die
|-
| * [ a/ɔ ] n || I
|-
| ? || liver
|-
| ? ( k ( i ) jɛp / kɛndɛp ) || eye
|-
| * tan || hand
|-
| * kɔmɛn || hear
|-
| * wiˈra , aˈtɔkʷ || tree , tree/wood
|-
| * ˈsɛjir || fish
|-
| * niɛ || name
|-
| * war || stone
|-
| ? || tooth
|-
| * sɔn || breast
|-
| * k [ a/ɔ ] || you
|-
| ? || path
|-
| * ˈtɔkar || bone
|-
| ? || tongue ( * mak voice/language )
| }
References
Usher , Timothy and Antoinette Schapper , 2018 . `` The lexicons of the Papuan languages of the Onin Peninsula and their influences '' . In Antoinette Schapper , ed . Contact and substrate in the languages of Wallacea part 2 . NUSA 64 : 3963 .
External links
Timothy Usher , New Guinea World , Proto–Mbahaam–Iha
Languages of Indonesia
West Bomberai languages
Pigskin 621 A.D. is an arcade game released in 1990 by Midway Manufacturing under the `` Bally Midway '' label . One player can battle the computer , or two players can battle head-to-head . Two teams compete to score as many touchdowns as possible in the tradition of American football , but actual play is more similar to rugby football .
A version for the Sega Genesis , retitled Pigskin Footbrawl and endorsed by coach Jerry Glanville , was released by Razor Soft on December 18 , 1992 .
Gameplay
The player directly controls one member of a five-man team , with the object of carrying a football over the opposing team 's goal line . The playing area is littered with hazards such as pits , bushes and logs . A ball carrier who trips over any of these , or who is punched by an opponent , fumbles the ball . The field is also laden with weapons : axes , maces , nooses , scythes , spears , swords and torches . A player can pick up one of these by running over it . It will appear at the top of the screen next to the player 's score as a `` concealed weapon '' , several weapons may be carried at once and one may be carried over after a touchdown . The ball carrier can be `` grappled '' , essentially a mass tackle into which multiple characters can jump . Having a concealed weapon as well as having more characters jump into the grapple greatly increases a team 's chance of gaining or retaining possession , although weapons can not be used if both team captains are in the grapple . A character who is injured by a concealed weapon is out of play until a touchdown is scored .
If one team gets too far behind in score in the second half of the game , a computer-controlled troll is added to the losing side to help even the odds , and behaves more aggressively than regular players . Additionally , the troll can not be killed by weapons . Up to two trolls can be in play at a time during a standard game ( one per side or two on one side ) . During a one player `` Pro Pigskin '' game , if the computer-controlled team continues to lose heavily even after a troll has been added or falls behind very quickly early on , an option for a `` Troll Bowl '' will appear . If selected the player will face an entire team of trolls with only human players on their own side .
Gameplay tips are given between periods and statistics are given at the end of the game . Statistics cover Goals Scored , Injuries Inflicted and Pigskin Possession Time . Before the game we can read about teams background . Both teams are renegades bands . The blue band is led by Thor Akenbak , and the red one 's captain is Atilla DeSoil .
Scoring
A touchdown is worth six points , with a one-point bonus for keeping possession of the ball for longer than a minimum time . ( Approximately 10 seconds )
It is possible to gain very high scores by eliminating most of the opposing team and then maintaining possession of the ball for as long as possible . Since a period can only end on a change of possession , a player can keep gaining single possession points well after the period clock has run out .
Controls
Pigskin has two pass buttons , a punch button , and a button for selecting the team 's strategy ( `` Block '' , `` Scatter '' and `` Bad Attitude '' when the player 's team is in possession of the ball ; `` Get Ball '' , `` Man-to-Man '' and `` Bad Attitude '' when the opponent has it ) .
Sega Genesis version
There is no scythe and torch . The music is shorter and plays at a lower volume . The game features soundbites from Atlanta Falcons coach Jerry Glanville . There is a hidden sound test .
Offers
At one time , the makers of Pigskin 621 A.D. offered tickets to the Super Bowl as part of a sweepstakes promotion associated with the arcade game . The game also advertised a free player handbook available by sending a self-addressed stamped envelope to a specified post-office box .
Development
Designers Jeff Nauman and Brian Colin had previously worked on the Midway Games Arch Rivals and Rampage , which are referenced in the game 's tagline `` Ancient Archrivals on a Rampage . ''
Pigskin is the last of only seven games made for Midway 's MCR-68k system before completely switching over to newer TMS34010 based systems .
References
External links
The Pigskin Player 's Handbook !
Pigskin 621 A.D. for Arcade Games , GameFAQs
http : //strategywiki.org/wiki/Pigskin_621_AD
http : //vgmrips.net/forum/viewtopic.php ? t=2118
http : //www.hardcoregaming101.net/pigskin-621-ad/
http : //www.i-mockery.com/shorts/pigskin/
https : //web.archive.org/web/20151128075921/http : //deadpixelcult.com/2014/11/12/hyborian-league-football-pigskin-621-a-d/
Arcade video games
Midway video games
Fantasy sports video games
Head-to-head arcade video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Sega Genesis games
1990 video games
Video games developed in the United States
This is a list of Bristol Rovers F.C . managers since the club appointed its first full-time manager in 1899 , along with the number of competitive games managed , winning percentage and titles won .
Although the club were founded in 1883 , they did not appoint a full-time manager until 1899 , when Alfred Homer , who was assistant secretary of Aston Villa , was appointed as manager-secretary of Bristol Rovers , a position they held for twenty-one years . On joining the Football League in 1920 , the club appointed Ben Hall to the manager 's post . Hall held the job for one year before handing over to Andrew Wilson , the club 's first non-English manager .
The next significant manager of Bristol Rovers was Albert Prince-Cox , who introduced blue-and-white quarters as the team 's kit because they believed it made the players look larger and more intimidating . They also became the first manager to win a major cup competition with the club when they won the Division 3 ( South ) Cup in 1935 . More success followed in the 1952–53 season when Bristol Rovers ' longest serving post-war manager , Bert Tann , won a league title for the first time since 1905 and won promotion for the first time ever when the club won Division 3 ( South ) . Tann remained in charge for eighteen years from 1950 to 1968 .
Don Megson was the next manager to win a major trophy , taking the Watney Cup in 1972 in only their third game in charge . Following this , only two more managers won any silverware at a national level . These were Gerry Francis , who won the Division 3 title in 1989–90 , and most recently Paul Trollope , who won the League 2 play-off final in 2007 . That was until the appointment of Darrell Clarke who guided Bristol Rovers to back-to-back promotions , the first in the club 's history making them the most successful Bristol Rovers manager ever .
In all the club has had 33 full-time managers ( excluding caretaker managers ) .
Managers
All statistics are from Bristol Rovers Football Club – The Definitive History 1883–2003 unless otherwise stated .
Information correct as of match played 7 May 2022
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Bristol Rovers official website
Bristol Rovers F.C . managers
Bristol Rovers F.C .
Bristol Rovers managers
Joey Archer ( born February 11 , 1938 in New York City , New York ) is an American retired boxer . They defeated Sugar Ray Robinson in Robinson 's final fight in 1965 ( by unanimous decision ) and fought Hall of Fame boxers such as Emile Griffith and Dick Tiger .
Professional boxing career
“ Irish ” Joey Archer began their career in 1956 at 18 years of age . They were a master boxer with excellent speed but lacked any semblance of power in their punches . Fighting mostly in various New York and Texas venues , they were a winner in their first 30 fights , with only 7 victories coming inside the distance . Their most notable win was against the highly ranked Don Fullmer by a decision . This win earned Archer a date against tough Puerto Rican contender Jose “ Monon ” Gonzalez , who gave Archer their first defeat in a split decision .
Two months later Archer avenged the loss by beating Gonzalez in a decisive decision . The victory propelled Archer on a streak of 15 consecutive wins against some of the Middleweight division 's top fighters , including England 's Mick Leahy , Denny Moyer , Argentina 's Farid Salim , Canada 's Blair Richardson , Holley Mims , Rubin “ Hurricane ” Carter , and their most impressive career win , against future Hall-of-Famer and three time World champion Dick Tiger .
The final win in the streak was against “ Sugar ” Ray Robinson in what would be the last fight of Robinson 's illustrious , Hall-of-Fame career . Having reached the top of the Middleweight division , Archer suffered an unexpected split decision loss to the ranked Don Fullmer .
Nevertheless , Archer earned a title challenge against Middleweight champion Griffith based on their recent winning streak . The title fight against Virgin Islander Griffith in 1966 was a hard-fought , close contest , and after 15 rounds of fighting , Griffith won by a majority decision .
Archer 's dream of winning the prized Middleweight title went unfulfilled , as the referee ruled the contest a draw , with the other two judges voting in favor of the champion . Six months later , Archer would again fight Griffith for the Middleweight title , and would once again taste defeat in a very narrow , controversial decision .
Retirement
“ Irish ” Joey Archer announced their retirement from boxing after the disappointment of these two bitter , close losses to Emile Griffith . They ended their career with a record of 45 victories ( with 8 by KO ) and only 4 defeats .
Although they never captured a world title , Archer 's boxing skills earned them induction into the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 2005 . They are on the eligibility list of the International Boxing Hall of Fame .
References
External links
Brief Lives : Joey Archer
1938 births
Living people
American male boxers
Boxers from New York City
Middleweight boxers
Giovanni Raffaele Badaracco ( 1648–1726 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period . They were born in Genoa , son and pupil of the painter Giuseppe Badaracco . After studying some time under their father they went to Rome , and entered the school of Carlo Maratta . They also painted in Naples and Venice , then returned to Genoa .
Among their main paintings the two large pictures that depict St. Bruno in the church of San Bartolomeo at Certosa , in the Genoese district of Rivarolo , the paintings in the Oratory of Assunta , nearby the church of Coronata , in the district of Cornigliano , considered their masterpiece and those in the church of Nostra Signora del Carmine in Genoa , that depict “ Carmelites Saints ” and “ Virgin Mother and St. John ” .
Notes
References
Clario Di Fabio , Gio.Raffaele Badaracco . Qualità e industria , in “ Bollettino dei Musei Civici Genovesi ” , XIV , 40–42 , 1992 , pp . 61–91
1648 births
1726 deaths
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
18th-century Italian painters
Italian Baroque painters
Painters from Genoa
Pupils of Carlo Maratta
The 2013 Copa del Rey Juvenil is the 63rd staging of the Copa del Rey Juvenil de Fútbol . The competition began on May 19 , 2013 and will end on June 30 , 2013 with the final .
First round
The top two teams from each group and the two best third-placed teams are drawn into a two-game best aggregate score series . The first leg began the week of May 18 and the return leg the week of May 25 .
| }
Quarter-final
The eight winners from the first round advance to quarter-final for a two-game series best aggregate score with the first leg beginning the week of June 1 and returning the week of June 8 .
| }
Semi-finals
The four winners play a two-game series best aggregate score beginning the week of June 15 and returning the week of June 22 .
| }
Final
The semi-final winners play a one game final at Campo de Las Viñas in Vera , Almería the week of June 29 .
Details
See also
2012–13 División de Honor Juvenil de Fútbol
References
Copa del Rey Juvenil de Fútbol
Juvenil
This is a List of Hindu temples in Germany sorted by state .
Baden-Wüttemberg
Heilbronn Kanthasamy Kovil , Siemensstraße , Heilbronn
Sri Sithi Vinayagar Kovil e.V. , Stuttgart
ISKCON Wiesbaden , Wiesbaden ( Hessen )
Sri Meenadchi Ambal Temple , Backnang
Sri Nagapoosani Amman Aalayam , Pforzheim
Bavaria
Sivaalayam ( based on Siva Panchayatanam ) , Munich
Sri Pillaiyar Temple , Munich
ISKCON München , Munich
Hari Om Temple , Munich
Sri Sithivinayagar Temple , Nürnberg
ISKCON Jandelsbrunn Simhachalam Temple , Jandelsbrunn
Berlin
Ramayan Hari Krishna Temple , Berlin
Sri Ganesha temple , Berlin
Jagannath-Tempel Berlin ( ISKCON ) , Berliner Allee 209 , Berlin-Weißensee
Mayoorapathy Sri Murugan Tempel , Blaschkoallee 48 , 12359 Berlin
Sri Gauranga und Giriraja Govardhana Tempel/Invalidenstr , Berlin
Pura Tri Hita Karana , a Balinese temple
Bremen
Bremen Sri Varasiththivinayakar Tempel e.V , Föhren Str , Bremen
Hessen
Karpaga Vinayagar Temple , Intze Str-26 , Frankfurt
Sri Nagapooshani Amman Thevasthaanam Hinduistischer Kulturverein Inthumantram Frankfurt am Main
Sri Shirdi Sai Baba Temple Frankfurt , Germany , 60599 Frankfurt , Anton-Burger-Weg 44 , 069-68600058
Vishwa Hindu Parisahd e.V. , Frankfurt
Nordrhein-Westfalen
Manawa Bharti Temple , Lenaustraße 01 , 40470 Düsseldorf
Sri-Kurinjikumaran-Temple , Industriestraße , Gummersbach
Sri-Kamadchi-Ampal-Temple , Siegenbeckstraße , Hamm
Sri Venkateswara Perumal Temple e.V. , Hamm
Sri Sithivinayagar Tempel , Ferdinand Poggel Straße , Hamm
ISKCON Köln e.V. , Bhakti-Yoga-Zentrum Gauradesh , Köln
Sri Saanthanayaki Samethe Chandramouleeswarar Temple , 44225 Dortmund Kiefer Str . 24
Saarland
Sri Mahamariamman Tempel , Sulzbach-Altenwald , Saarland
See also
Lists of Hindu temples by country
List of Hindu temples outside India
List of large Hindu temples
Hinduism in Germany
References
Hinduism in Germany
Hindu temples in Germany
Germany
Hindu temples
Events from the year 1567 in Ireland .
Incumbent
Monarch : Elizabeth I
Events
May 8 – Battle of Farsetmore is fought near Letterkenny in Donegal . Shane O'Neill , chief of the O'Neills of Tír Eoghain , is defeated by the MacDonnells led by Aodh mac Maghnusa Ó Domhnaill who thus free themselves from O'Neill overlordship .
June 2 – Shane O'Neill is killed by the MacDonnells near Cushendun . O'Neill 's head is severed and sent to the government in Dublin . Their body is buried at CrossSkern Church in Ballyterrim townland , above Cushendun . They are succeeded as The O'Neill by their tanist , Turlough Luineach O'Neill .
August 8 – Dr. Robert Weston is sworn in as Lord Chancellor of Ireland . Although a layperson , they are also appointed Dean of St. Patrick 's Cathedral , Dublin .
Births
Tiobóid na Long Bourke , 1st Viscount Mayo ( born at sea ) , clan chief ( d. 1629 )
Sir Paul Gore , 1st Baronet , politician and soldier ( d. 1629 )
Eochaidh Ó hÉoghusa , poet ( d. 1617 )
Deaths
June 2 – Shane O'Neill , clan chief ( b. c.1530 )
Cormac na Haoine MacCarthy Reagh , Prince of Carbery ( b . 1490 )
References
1560s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 16th century in Ireland
Reckling Peak ( ) is an isolated peak , 2,010 m , which surmounts the central part of a ridge located at the icefalls at the head of Mawson Glacier . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from ground surveys and Navy air photos . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) in 1964 for Lieutenant Commander Darold L. Reckling , pilot with U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 , 1961 .
Reckling Moraine is located 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) east of the peak , and is connected by a long narrow patch of bare ice .
Mountains of Oates Land
Wilfred Joseph Ball ( 24 April 1895 – 23 July 1965 ) was an English cricketer . Ball was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper . They were born at Thrapston , Northamptonshire .
Ball made their first-class debut for Northamptonshire in the 1924 County Championship against Nottinghamshire . Seven years later they returned to county cricket , making three further first-class appearances for the county in the 1931 County Championship against Warwickshire , Derbyshire and Glamorgan . In their four first-class matches , they just 10 runs at an average of 2.50 , with a high score of 8 .
They died at Hollowell , Northamptonshire on 23 July 1965 .
References
External links
Wilfred Ball at ESPNcricinfo
Wilfred Ball at CricketArchive
1895 births
1965 deaths
People from Thrapston
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Cock Beck is a stream in the outlying areas of East Leeds , West Yorkshire , England , which runs from its source due to a runoff north-west of Whinmoor , skirting east of Swarcliffe and Manston ( where a public house has been named 'The Cock Beck ' ) , past Pendas Fields , Scholes , Barwick-in-Elmet , Aberford , Towton , Stutton , and Tadcaster , where it flows into the River Wharfe .
It is a tributary of the River Wharfe , formerly known as the River Cock or Cock River , having a much larger flow than today . The name 'cock ' may refer to a mature salmon , as it was a spawning ground for salmon and trout . Industrial pollution reduced the fish stock , but it has been recovering in the 21st century , aided by work from the Environment Agency . In places the beck was relatively narrow , but too deep to cross unaided ; a feature which can still be seen today at many points .
History
The Great North Road crossing at Aberford was first a Celtic trackway and later a Roman road . It is defended on the north side by 4.5 miles of Iron Age fortifications known as the Aberford Dykes which run from a hill fort at Barwick-in-Elmet , through Aberford and a mile east , consisting of a ditch and ridge . It is believed that this was a defensive construction of the Brigantes against southern tribes and the Romans . The river may have been engineered to increase the barrier .
Cock Beck is identified as a likely site of the Battle of the Winwaed on 15 November 655 , a decisive victory of Oswiu of Bernicia over King Penda of Mercia .
The beck is thought to be the one after which Becca Hall , whose name is first attested , as Becca , in 1189 , is named .
In the aftermath of the 1461 Battle of Towton remnants of the Lancastrian forces fleeing the victorious Yorkists were forced to try to cross the Cock Beck , having already disposed of most of their arms . Many drowned in the Beck , and soon the survivors were reported to be crossing the Cock Beck on bridges of their fallen comrades .
During the English Civil War , the Royalists defeated the Parliamentarians under Sir Thomas Fairfax at the Battle of Seacroft Moor in 1643 . The ensuing massacre of the Parliamentarians is said to have been of such magnitude that the beck ran crimson with blood .
John Ogilby 's 1675 map indicates the major crossing for the Cock was sited along the Tadcaster-Ferrybridge road .
References
Rivers of Leeds
Rivers of North Yorkshire
A double sunset is a rare astro-geographical phenomenon , in which the sun appears to set twice in the same evening from a specific viewing-point . A double sunrise may also occur in a similar situation . Such phenomena may have been regarded as significant in prehistoric times , and double sunsets have been discussed in the context of archaeoastronomy by researchers such as Alexander Thom .
Italy
Orasso , a small village near the Italy-Switzerland border , sees two sunrises and two sunsets during the winter because of Mount Riga .
Spain
In the town of Güímar in Tenerife a double sunset has been observed in alignment with the local pyramids at summer solstice . In Spanish the phenomenon is described as a doble puesta .
United Kingdom
England
Staffordshire
A well-documented example of a double or occulted sunset is associated with Leek , Staffordshire , England . The phenomenon is viewable from the town on and around the summer solstice in good weather .
The first published mention of the Leek double sunset was made in 1686 by Dr Robert Plot in their book The Natural History Of Stafford-Shire . The phenomenon would have been visible well before the seventeenth century . However , the alignment of sun and landscape is subject to change over the centuries as it is affected by the Earth 's axial precession . This was realised by Plot who suggested that the sunset could be used to measure the obliquity of the ecliptic .
( see note )
The traditional location for observing the phenomenon , as described by Plot , is the churchyard belonging to the parish church of St Edward the Confessor . The church is a medieval building , and it has been conjectured that the churchyard is an example of an ancient sacred site having been Christianised . Because of the chronology of the changing alignment , it seems that the site could not have been a viewing-point for the double sunset before the Iron Age . The first people to view the phenomenon may have been the area 's Iron Age inhabitants .
From a particular point in the churchyard , the whole of the sun set on the summit of Bosley Cloud , a millstone grit hill six miles to the northwest . The sun partially reappeared from The Cloud 's steep northern slope and soon afterwards set for a second and final time on the horizon . The spectacle was last reliably witnessed , and filmed , from the churchyard in 1977 , but is no longer visible from the location because of tree interference . It is , however , still observable from Leek on and around the summer solstice from the road to Pickwood Hall , off Milltown Way , and from Lowe Hill on the outskirts of the town . Better viewing points , though , are from the A 523 , above Rudyard Lake , and Woodhouse Green , both of which are nearer to The Cloud and therefore enable a larger proportion of the sun to reappear .
Derbyshire
Thorpe Cloud . Viewed from the top of nearby Lin Dale on and around the summer solstice and perhaps beyond . The sun sets on the summit of the hill , partially reappears from its steep northern slope and sets for a second and final time shortly afterwards .
Scotland
In the 1950s Alexander Thom surveyed a megalithic site at Kintraw , a locality on the mainland of Scotland , in the context of a double sunset on the island of Jura ( both the island and the mainland site are in Argyll and Bute ) . The proposed alignment is to a notch at a distance of 28 miles between the mountains of Beinn Shiantaidh and Beinn a ' Chaolais which are visible from Kintraw .
Thom described the site as a type of midwinter observatory , but their interpretation has been the subject of controversy , one point at issue being the visibility of the midwinter notch : a higher observation point is needed to see the midwinter notch on Jura over a nearby ridge .
Euan MacKie , recognising that Thom 's theories needed to be tested , excavated at the site in 1970 and 1971 , and found evidence for an observation platform .
Notes and references
Notes
1 . A shortened version of Kilburn 's article can be accessed at Dr . Plot and the Amazing Double Sunset .
References
Bibliography
Solar phenomena
Earth phenomena
The Legal Rights Observatory ( LRO ) is a legal rights organisation affiliated with the Hindu nationalist organization Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh . It is led by Vinay Joshi , a former RSS worker . According to Joshi , the group consists of 150 volunteers , and they take all decisions about filing legal petitions on behalf of the group . Joshi denies the group 's connection to the RSS . The group is particularly active in Northeastern India .
Legal complaints
The LRO has filed several legal complaints against media organisations . In April 2017 , the LRO threatened the India Today TV channel with a police complaint for inviting human rights activist Nandini Sundar to a debate about India 's Maoist insurgency ; Sundar had previously published a book on the subject . The LRO described Sundar as a `` naxal worker '' ( sic ) . In October 2017 , the LRO objected to the 9th Anuradha Gandhi Memorial Lecture , commemorating the wife of jailed Naxal leader Kobad Ghandy , describing it as an `` anti-national event '' . The event concluded peacefully , amid raised concerns among the organisers and the police . Following the introduction of the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 in the Indian parliament , the LRO filed a complaint with the Home Ministry against four media organisations opposing the bill . The LRO alleged that the organisations were participating in illegal financial transactions and other criminal activities , and stated that the Home Ministry had initiated an inquiry following its complaint . The Home Ministry stated that it had not begun an inquiry , but had passed the complaint to the government of Assam .
The LRO has also filed several legal complaints against the Catholic Church . In August 2017 , the LRO sent a letter to Pope Francis through the Holy See ambassador in Delhi , demanding an immediate apology from the Pope for discrimination and persecution , which they alleged the Church was committing against local tribes in north-east India . In November 2017 , before the Gujarat Assembly elections , the LRO lodged a complaint against the Archbishop of Gandhinagar , Thomas Ignatius MacWan . When the Election Commission of India received the LRO complaint , it served a notice to the archbishop asking for clarification . MacWad had written to their constituents , asking them to pray for politicians who would `` remain faithful to the Indian Constitution '' and save the country from `` nationalist forces '' . In 2017 , Joshi complained to the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights , alleging that two missionary schools were forcing their children to participate in protests against the funeral of the leader of an indigenous faith . A Christian group in Meghalaya accused the LRO of harassing Christians by filing complaints and court suits against several Christian leaders .
References
Political organisations based in India
Rehman Khan ( born 21 August 1979 ) is an Indian stand-up comedian and film actor .
Early life and education
Khan was born and brought up in a conservative family in Mumbai , India . They studied at Karthika High School and graduated from R.D . National College , Mumbai with a first class in history . In school they used to crack jokes in class and mimic teachers and was well known as a comedian . By the time they were in college they became popular among friends for comedy , mimicry , and imitating teachers and actors .
Career
They began uploading stand-up comedy videos to YouTube in 2018 . They are known for their sarcasm , political satire , and unique style of delivering punches . they have more than 436,000 subscribers and a combined 36 million views on their YouTube channel .
They have also worked with NGO Salaam Baalak Trust and Salaam Bombay Foundation and has performed more than 1000 shows of a play based on Anti-Tobacco . Khan has performed many inter-college and professional plays as an actor , writer , and director in Hindi , English , and Urdu and has anchored many live orchestras .
Initially they faced a strong opposition from elders of their family as their family was not connected to film , TV , or theater before . However , later their career was accepted as they grew in popularity and began to make their living from stand-up comedy .
Shows
They have participated in Comedy Circus 2 ( 2008 ) , Comedy Circus Chincpokli to China , Comedy Circus 20–20 with Rakshanda Khan , Comedy Circus Mahasangram with Karishma Tanna , Jubilee Comedy Circus with Saloni Daini , Comedy Ke Superstars with Usha Nadkarni , Kahani Comedy Circus Ki with Ragini Khanna , and Comedy Circus 3 Ka Tadka ( 2009 ) with Anoop Soni and Shweta Tiwari on Sony Television .
Rehman was also part of a Star One show , The Great Indian Laughter Challenge season 3 , Comedy Champions on Sahara TV , Chote Miya Bade Miya on Colors TV , Comedy Ka Maha Muqabala on Star Plus , Nautanki - The Comedy Theatre on Colors TV ( 2013 ) , Mad in India with Sunil Grover on Star Plus ( 2014 ) , Yam Hain Hum on SAB TV ( 2015 ) , The Great Indian Family Drama on SAB TV with Archana Puran Singh and Satish Kaushik ( 2016 ) , and Comedy Dangal on And TV with Bharti Singh and Anu Malik ( 2017 ) .
References
Real Bollywood 2009-10-21 .
Rehman Khan in Comedy Store
Stand-up comedy comes easy to Imam : Rehman Khan
External links
Mad In India actor gets their own show
Rehman Khan Youtube channel
Rehman Khan official website
Rehman khan on Facebook
Ragini Khanna , Rehman Khan , Sonu Sood on Comedy Circus
Rehman Khan on SAB TV
Rehman Khan ‘ The best on-screen Bhai ' !
Indian stand-up comedians
1979 births
Living people
Indian Muslims
Male actors from Mumbai
Indian male stage actors
Rose Hill is an unincorporated community in Darke County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .
History
The first settlement at Rose Hill was made in the 1830s . Rose Hill was laid out in 1852 . A post office called Rose Hill was established in 1863 , and remained in operation until 1904 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County , Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Arkansas College was founded in Fayetteville , Arkansas in 1850 by pastor Robert Graham ( 1822-1901 ) . In 1852 , it was the first school to receive a school charter from the state of Arkansas . In 1859 , William Baxter became the second president of the college . In 1862 , the college was destroyed by Confederate forces during the American Civil War .
References
Universities and colleges in Arkansas
1850 establishments in Arkansas
1862 disestablishments in Arkansas
Digital Extremes is a Canadian video game developer founded in 1993 by James Schmalz . They are best known for creating Warframe , a free-to-play cooperative online action game , and co-creating Epic Games ' Unreal series of games . Digital Extremes is headquartered in London , Ontario . In 2014 , 61 % of the company was sold to Chinese holding company Multi Dynamic , now Leyou , for $ 73 million . President James Schmalz and two partners retained 39 % of Digital Extremes , and will continue to manage it . On May 22 , 2016 Leyou exercised a call option and now owns 97 % of Digital Extremes for a total consideration of $ 138.2 million US .
History
Founder James Schmalz created Epic Pinball , published by then shareware publisher , Epic MegaGames . Bolstered from the success of Epic Pinball and the rising technology movement in the mid-'90s toward realistic 3D graphics , Schmalz founded Digital Extremes in 1993 and the company began co-development with Epic on what would become Epic 's Unreal franchise .
Unreal is a first-person shooter , released in 1998 , and was followed up with Unreal Tournament in 1999 , which received numerous industry awards . Subsequent sequels in the Unreal franchise include Unreal Championship , Unreal Tournament 2003 , and Unreal Tournament 2004 . The Unreal series has sold more than 15 million units worldwide across a multitude of game platforms including PlayStation 2 , Dreamcast , Xbox , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Mac and PC .
According to Scott Miller , the cofounder of the video game company 3D Realms , Digital Extremes was willing to take over development of their much-delayed game Duke Nukem Forever in 2004 . However , the proposal was rejected by others at 3D Realms , which Miller described as a `` fatal suicide shot '' for the project .
After years of working in the same universe with Unreal , Digital Extremes broadened its library and technology with development of its original intellectual property , Dark Sector . A third-person shooter released in 2008 for PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PC , Dark Sector used Digital Extremes ' proprietary game engine , the Evolution Engine .
Digital Extremes worked with 2K to develop the comic-book franchise video game sequel , The Darkness II , which met with positive reviews . Digital Extremes developed the PlayStation 3 version of BioShock , as well as developed the multiplayer component of the sequel , BioShock 2 , while simultaneously developing the multiplayer portion of THQ 's first-person shooter Homefront .
Digital Extremes developed the game for the 2013-Star Trek Into Darkness film , working with Bandai Namco and Paramount to develop Star Trek , which was very poorly received .
On October 14 , 2014 , Sumpo Food Holdings Ltd. acquired a majority share of Digital Extremes , with Perfect World Co. acquiring minority shares . Sumpo was rebranded as Leyou in 2015 , and by June 2016 , had purchased the remaining shares in Digital Extremes .
In 2016 , it was revealed that Digital Extremes ' game Warframe had been hacked , exposing the email addresses of more than 700,000 players .
On October 6 , 2017 , Digital Extremes announced it would open a development studio in Toronto , Canada , set to begin operations the following month .
Leyou was acquired by Tencent on December 23 , 2020 , which included Digital Extremes . The developer stated this would not change how they operate as they remained independent of Tencent , though through Tencent they would be able to provide better support for the Chinese version of the Warframe client .
Projects
Digital Extremes started development of Warframe , a free-to-play title , in 2000 . Digital Extremes launched Warframe on PC in March 2013 , PlayStation 4 in November 2013 , and on Xbox One in September 2014 . At TennoCon 2018 , Digital Extremes announced it would bring Warframe to Nintendo Switch . The company released Warframe on Nintendo Switch on November 20 , 2018 . Digital Extremes continues to refresh this games-as-a-service title on a regular basis with updates including `` Plains of Eidolon '' ( October 2017 ) , `` The Sacrifice '' ( June 2018 ) , `` Fortuna '' ( November 2018 ) , the Nightwave series ( February 2019 ) , `` The Jovian Concord '' ( May 2019 ) , `` Empyrean '' ( Christmas 2019 ) , `` Heart of Deimos '' ( August 2020 ) , `` The New War '' ( December 2021 ) , and the upcoming `` Duviri Paradox '' .
Digital Extremes worked with developer n-Space to develop the fantasy role-playing video game , Sword Coast Legends , set within the Dungeon and Dragons franchise .
Digital Extremes worked with Madison , Wisconsin-based developer Human Head Studios to publish Survived By , a free-to-play bullet-hell MMO with crafting and role-playing elements . Survived By was shut down as of April 19 , 2019 .
During TennoCon 2022 , Digital Extremes announced Soulframe , an upcoming fantasy MMORPG . It also announced that it would be publishing a massively multiplayer online game from Airship Syndicate .
Technology
Evolution is Digital Extremes ' proprietary game engine . The engine made its debut with Dark Sector ; and was again utilized in The Darkness II . 2013 's Star Trek featured use of the Evolution engine ; and the engine is currently in use on the free-to-play online title Warframe , released on PC in 2013 .
Awards and recognition
Since the launch of Warframe , its expansion and popularity has grown , resulting in multiple industry awards . In late 2017 , Warframe won the Steam Labor of Love award , an award nominated by Steam 's internal team , but voted on by players . The award is described by Steam as : `` This game has been out for a while . The team is well past the first unveiling of their creative baby , but being the good parents they are , these devs continue to nurture and support their creation . This game , to this day , is still getting new content after all these years . '' Warframe was nominated in The 2017 and 2018 Game Awards as one of the Best Ongoing Games , losing to Overwatch and Fortnite , respectively .
In early 2018 , Warframe won the People 's Voice Webby Award for Best Action Game , and ProMax 's Best Marketing Campaign of the Year Award . In March 2018 , Noclip , published the video documentary on the making of Warframe . The two-part feature tells the story of how Warframe succeeded as an independently developed and published game that changed the course of Digital Extremes .
Digital Extremes ' employment environment has been recognized as one of Canada 's Top Employers for 2010 , 2011 , 2012 and through to 2018 . Additionally , the company has been recognized as one of Canada 's top employers for Young People . In 2010 and 2011 , the Financial Post named Digital Extremes one of the 10 best companies to work for in Canada .
On the provincial level , Digital Extremes received the Ontario Small Business Award in 2010 . Digital Extremes was also presented with the Large Business of the Year award in 2011 from the London Chamber of Commerce . Digital Extremes was also awarded the Excellence in Human Resources award from The London Chamber of Commerce in early 2012 .
Games developed
Further reading
References
External links
Canadian companies established in 1993
Video game companies established in 1993
1993 establishments in Ontario
Video game companies of Canada
Video game development companies
Companies based in London , Ontario
2016 mergers and acquisitions
Canadian subsidiaries of foreign companies
Tencent
The Sant Joan Club Esportiu is a futsal club from the town of Sant Joan on Balearic Islands ( Spain ) founded at 2007 . Currently the team plays at 1ª Regional de la Federació de Futbol de les Illes Balears from Balearic Islands . Is the most honored team of the town , winning two Balearic Futsal Cups at 2009 ( Senior Squad ) and 2011 ( Youth Squad ) .
History
Starting 2007-2009
The club was founded on the town of Sant Joan at 2007 . First years were a chaotic and confused start and sometimes the club was near to to dismiss .
Rising 2009-2013
On the Season 2009-2010 the club won the Balearic Futsal Cup ( 2009 ) 1st Regional League Group B , that was the first title for the club , and the town . Also the club achieved 4th place in the Balearic Regional League , meaning the best result in its history .
For the season 2010-2011 the Youth Squad were founded , but both teams had a very irregular and non-productive season .
For the season 2011-2012 the Cadet Squad were founded , and it was the fifth for the Senior Squad , Joan Rigo became the chairperson . It finished the season on 6th place on the Group-B of First Regional League ( in Spanish : Primera Regional ) .
The Youth Squad won the Balearic Youth Cup ( 2011 ) Group C on the season starting . At end of the season the team reaches the semifinals on the Youth Futsal Cup on Balearic Islands , and the semifinals of the Balearic Federation Cup . The Team finished the League on the 3rd position .
This season was the first for the Cadet Squad , which reached the semifinals of the Balearic Federation Cup and finished the League on the 6th position .
At the finish of the Season 2012-2013 , the club starts an economic and social crisis .
Rejuvenation 2013-
Due to an economic and social crisis , the club disbanded Youth and Cadet Squads . Most of historic players of the club retired from playing and had been incorporated to the staff .
Ground
The Sant Joan Club Esportiu plays their matches on the Pavelló Municipal Son Juny in the Town of Sant Joan since its foundation . The Stadium is allowed for 250 spectators and has bar service .
Honours
1 Balearic Futsal Cup ( 2009 ) 1st Regional League Group B
1 Balearic Youth Cup ( 2011 ) Group C
References
Futsal clubs in Spain
Sports teams in the Balearic Islands
Sport in Mallorca
Futsal clubs established in 2007
2007 establishments in Spain
Dashan Township ( ) is a township in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County , Yunnan , China . As of the 2017 census it had a population of 16,281 and an area of .
Administrative division
As of 2016 , the township is divided into eight villages :
Dashan ( )
Banpo ( )
Youzhafang ( )
Pingtian ( )
Manghai ( )
Tuanshan ( )
Nanmei ( )
Nandeba ( )
History
In the Republic of China , it belonged to the Banghai Township ( ) and Daling Township ( ) .
After establishment of the Communist State , in 1950 , the Dashan District ( ) was set up . It was merged into Donghe District ( ) in 1958 . In 1984 , Dashan District was demerged from Donghe District . It was incorporated officially as a township in 1988 .
Geography
The township is located in northeastern Lancang Lahu Autonomous County . It is surrounded by Jinggu Dai and Yi Autonomous County on the northeast , Fudong Township on the northwest , Qianliu Yi Ethnic Township on the southeast , and Donghe Township on the southwest .
The highest point in the township is the Baishantoujian Mountain ( ) which stands above sea level . The lowest point is Liangshuijing ( ) , which , at above sea level .
The Manghai River ( ) flows through the township .
Economy
The township 's economy is based on nearby mineral resources and agricultural resources . The main crops of the region are grains , followed by corns and wheat . Economic crops are mainly camellia oleifera , tea , castanea mollissima , and coffee bean . The region abounds with iron , manganese , tin , copper , lead , zinc , and limestone .
Demographics
As of 2017 , the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the township 's population now to be 16,281 .
References
Bibliography
Townships of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Film and Television Institute of Hyderabad ( FTIH ) is a Media Training Institute in Hyderabad , India . It was in the form of impart multimedia education from 2007–2010 but later by the decision of board members it was changed to Film and television institute of Hyderabad .
Courses
FTIH offers two types of course : professional and technical . Professional courses include film technology and direction , cinematography and photography , dubbing and sound engineering and acting . Technical courses are in multimedia , including graphic design , web design , editing , composition and VFX .
See also
Cinema of India
Film and Television Institute of India
Government Film and Television Institute
State Institute of Film and Television
Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute
References
Film schools in India
High schools and secondary schools in Hyderabad , India
Educational institutions in India with year of establishment missing
Odd Schjerve ( 23 December 1933 – 24 September 1985 ) was a Norwegian businessperson .
They were born in Trondheim , and graduated in machine engineering from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1960 . They remained in Trondheim as a researcher until working for Kongsberg Våpenfabrikk from 1967 to 1975 . In 1975 they became regional director of Storebrand-Idun in Trondheim , and in 1977 they became marketing director . In 1979 they were the director in Norway of Storebrand-Idun . The company then merged to form Storebrand-Norden , and Schjerve became deputy chief executive . From 1983 to 1985 they were deputy chief executive of Gjensidige Liv , and upon the reorganization of Gjensidige Forsikring in 1985 they became its chief executive officer . Formerly , there had been two chief executives , one for Gjensidige Liv and one for Gjensidige Skade .
They died after less than a month in the job , on 24 September 1985 and was buried on Vestre gravlund . They were first succeeded as company leader by the senior management , consisting of four people . Helge Kvamme was later chosen as the successor .
Schjerve was also a board member of Norsk Rasjonaliseringsforbund .
References
1933 births
1985 deaths
People from Trondheim
Norwegian Institute of Technology alumni
Storebrand people
Gjensidige people
Burials at Vestre gravlund
Pleasant Valley Township is a township in Scott County , Iowa , United States .
Geography
Pleasant Valley Township covers an area of and is located on the shore of the Mississippi River between the cities of Davenport and Le Claire According to the USGS , it contains two cemeteries : Fenno and Pleasant Valley . Forest Grove School No . 5 and the Roswell Spencer House are listed on the National Register of Historic Places and located in the township .
Education
Pleasant Valley Township is served by the Pleasant Valley Community School District , including Pleasant Valley High School .
Recreation
Smith 's Island Recreation Area , operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , offers fishing and viewing of local wildlife .
References
Townships in Scott County , Iowa
Cities in the Quad Cities
Townships in Iowa
Mr. Music Originally is an album by Pablove Black originally released in 1979 by Studio One , the Motown of Jamaica .
Track listing
`` Hurting ''
`` Inner Peace ''
`` Soul Ride ''
`` Dread Head ''
`` Shao Lin Disciple ''
`` Twinkle ''
`` Blue Dread ''
`` Right Side ''
`` Mister Muzik ''
Notes
Producer – Clement `` Coxsone '' Dodd
Recorded at Jamaica Recording and Publishing Studio Ltd
External links
Mr. Music at Discogs
Mr. Music at Roots Archives
Pablove Black - Official Website
Pablove Black albums
1979 debut albums
Mount Lysaght ( ) is a peak , high , standing north of Mount Markham in the northern part of the Queen Elizabeth Range , Antarctica . It was discovered and named by the British Antarctic Expedition , 1907–09 .
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
James Laver , CBE , FRSA ( 14 March 1899 – 3 June 1975 ) was an English author , critic , art historian , and museum curator who acted as Keeper of Prints , Drawings and Paintings for the Victoria and Albert Museum between 1938 and 1959 . They were also an important and pioneering fashion historian described as `` the man in England who made the study of costume respectable '' .
Early life
James Laver was born in Liverpool , England , on 14 March 1899 , the second child and only son of Arthur James Laver , a maritime printer and stationer , and their wife , Florence Mary ( née Barker ) , strict Congregationalists who brought up their children in a puritanical manner . They attended the Liverpool Institute . Their academic progress was put on hold by the First World War , in which they served as a second lieutenant .
In 1919 they resumed their residency at New College , Oxford , where they earned a BA degree second class in modern history 1921 . The next year , they earned a B.Litt in theology for a thesis on John Wesley . Their college fees and travel expenses were subsidised by a wealthy shipping magnate , Lawrence Holt . At Oxford , they contributed to the student magazine Isis and won the 1921 Newdigate Prize for their poem on Cervantes .
Laver at the Victoria & Albert Museum
In 1922 , Laver entered the Department of Engraving , Illustration , Design and Painting at the Victoria & Albert Museum where they worked under Martin Hardie . They arrived shortly before the International Theatre Exhibition was transferred to the V & A from Amsterdam and was shown as part of their department . It showcased work by all the leading European designers of the time , and the Museum purchased several designs and models , which became the basis of the Museum 's Theatre Collection . Laver was put in charge of this collection . Stage design became one of their passions , possibly in reaction against their upbringing . In 1938 they succeeded Martin Hardie as Keeper of the department , a post they held until their retirement in 1958 . Despite their significant contributions to object-centred dress history , they were never Keeper of Textiles for the Museum , or part of the Textiles section .
Laver and fashion
Laver had an interest in fashion history , which emerged through a desire to date images accurately through the clothing depicted within . Laver defined the relationships between dress design and other applied arts , and discussed the influence of economic and social factors upon the development of fashionable taste . In 1962 , Laver received a Neiman Marcus Fashion Award in recognition of their work in the field of fashion history . In 1937 Laver , with Pearl Binder , co-presented the first television programme to be dedicated to fashion history . Clothes-Line , a six-part series , was so successful that in 1938 , Laver and Binder reunited to present a revised re-tread ( in three parts ) of the programme , this time called Clothes Through The Centuries .
Laver followed the theories of Thorstein Veblen and John Flügel , using them to develop their favourite theories . These were :
Hierarchical Principle = dressing to indicate one 's position in society
Utility Principle = dressing for warmth and comfort
Seduction Principle = dressing to attract the opposite sex .
In the 1980s and 1990s , feminist fashion historians such as Elizabeth Wilson and Amanda Vickery found these problematic , arguing that Laver and C. Willett Cunnington 's views trivialised women 's behaviour , role within the family , and their contributions to society and culture .
Laver 's Law
Laver 's Law was an attempt to compress the complex cycle of fashion change and the general attitude towards any certain style or period into a simple timeline . It first appeared in Taste and Fashion ( 1937 ) :
Non-curatorial career
To supplement their pay whilst at the Victoria & Albert Museum , Laver dedicated their free time to writing magazine articles , book reviews , play translations , dramatic criticism and light verse . One of the plays they translated was Klabund 's The Circle of Chalk from the original German .
Their 1927 poem , A Stitch in Time , a pastiche of Alexander Pope 's The Rape of the Lock set in modern times , successfully captured public attention , and led to Laver 's popularity as a fashionable party guest . A sequel in 1929 followed , Love 's Progress , the two poems being published together as Ladies ' Mistakes in 1933 .
In 1932 they published a novel , Nymph Errant , about a girl returning to their finishing school , who went astray along the way and ended up in a Turkish harem . It was an instant best-seller and in 1933 , Charles B. Cochran turned it into a musical , Nymph Errant , featuring songs by Cole Porter and Gertrude Lawrence as the leading lady . Laver felt as if they were leading a double life . They once stated : '' To my colleagues at South Kensington I had become a cigar-smoking , Savoy-supping , enviable but slightly disreputable character , hobnobbing with chorus girls and hanging round stage doors . To Gertrude Lawrence and their friends I was something 'in a museum ' , engaged in mysterious and apparently useless activities quite outside their comprehension ; a character out of The Old Curiosity Shop , hardly fit to be let out alone . ''
Laver continued to write fiction and work for the theatre and film on a less ambitious scale , but did not attempt becoming a full-time writer . Their work on films included acting as historical advisor for The Amorous Adventures of Moll Flanders ( 1965 ) and The Amateur Gentleman ( 1936 ) , and they co-wrote the screenplay for Warning to Wantons ( 1948 ) . During the Second World War , they determined to read all the books on occultism in the London Library . As a result , they became an expert in the field , writing a book on the prophet Nostradamus .
Between 1926 and 1938 , James Laver was the Director of Art Classes at the Working Men 's College , Camden Town . They ran a course on English literature and also re-organised the art class , introducing living models .
Marriage and family
Laver married the Irish actor Veronica Turleigh ( 1903–1971 ) , a Roman Catholic in 1928 . The couple had two children , a son and a daughter . They first lived in a flat in Piccadilly , London , which proved convenient for their theatrical friends , and later moved to Chelsea .
Death
Laver died on 3 June 1975 following a fire at their home in Blackheath , London .
Select bibliography
Poetry
Cervantes ( 1921 )
The Young Man Dances and Other Poems ( 1925 )
A Stitch in Time ( 1927 )
Love 's Progress ( 1929 )
Ladies ' Mistakes ( 1933 )
`` Macrocosmos '' Published by William Heinemann , London ( 1929 ) Limited edition of 775
`` Macrocosmos '' Published by Alfred A. Knopf , New York ( 1930 ) Limited edition of 500
Fiction
Nymph Errant ( 1933 )
Winter Wedding – A Decoration ( 1935 )
Background for Venus ( 1935 )
Panic Among Puritans ( 1936 )
Art history
Portraits in Oil and Vinegar ( 1925 )
A History of British and American Etching ( 1928 )
Whistler ( 1930 )
`` Vulgar Society '' : The Romantic Career of James Tissot ( 1936 )
French Painting and the Nineteenth Century ( 1937 )
Adventures in Monochrome ( 1941 )
Fashion
Taste and Fashion ; from the French Revolution until today ( 1937 )
Style in Costume ( 1949 )
Clothes ( Pleasures of Life Series ) ( 1953 )
Dandies ( Pageant of History ) ( 1968 )
Modesty in Dress ( 1969 )
A Concise History of Costume ( 'The World of Art Library ' series ) ( 1968 ) , revised and retitled Costume and Fashion : A Concise History ( 1995 , 2003 )
Autobiography
Museum Piece ; or , The Education of an Iconographer ( 1964 )
Other
Design in the Theatre ( with George Sheringham ) ( 1927 )
Nostradamus , or the Future Foretold ( 1942 )
The First Decadent : Being the Strange Life of J. K. Huysmans ( 1954 )
Oscar Wilde ( 1968 )
`` Victorian Vista '' ( 1954 )
`` Edwardian Promenade '' ( 1958 ) ( pub Edward Hulton , London )
References
External links
`` Men About Town '' – James Laver in a short British Pathé film of men 's fashions in 1952
James Laver Collection at the Harry Ransom Center
1899 births
1975 deaths
Accidental deaths in England
British art curators
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
English curators
English art historians
English non-fiction writers
English art critics
People associated with the Victoria and Albert Museum
Writers from Liverpool
Alumni of New College , Oxford
Deaths from fire
British male poets
English male novelists
20th-century English poets
20th-century English novelists
20th-century English male writers
People educated at Liverpool Institute High School for Boys
Fashion historians
William Arthur Hay ( 6 December 1873 – 16 June 1945 ) was an Australian Methodist minister . They were also a cricketer , who played two first-class matches for Otago in New Zealand in the 1917-18 season , taking 18 wickets .
Life and career
Born in Scotland , the eldest of 11 children , Hay came with their family to Australia in the 1880s . They began their ministry in 1896 as the inaugural Wesleyan minister of the newly-established mining settlements of Black Flag and Broad Arrow in the West Australian goldfields . After postings in the West Australian towns of Collie , Northam and Bunbury , they were appointed to Mount Eden Methodist Church in Auckland , New Zealand , in 1911 .
While in Northam , Hay , a slow-medium left-arm spin bowler and left-handed batsman , had played for a representative Western Australia Eastern Districts cricket team against the touring New South Wales state team in March 1907 . They played cricket in Auckland for the Eden club , and was close to selection for the Auckland representative team in early 1913 . When they were posted to Dunedin in 1914 they played in the senior competition with the Carisbrook club .
Hay was selected to play for the Otago cricket team in March 1918 against Southland at the Carisbrook ground in Dunedin . Making their first-class cricket debut at the age of 44 years 102 days , they opened the bowling and bowled unchanged through both innings , taking 8 for 70 and 4 for 48 for match figures of 58–14–118–12 . Two weeks later , also at Carisbrook , they took 5 for 49 and 1 for 25 against Canterbury for match figures of 34–10–74–6 . Otago won both matches .
They were transferred to Timaru in 1919 to take charge of the Methodist circuit there . While in Timaru they represented South Canterbury at cricket , taking 7 for 27 ( all bowled ) in a victory over Ashburton County in January 1923 , then a week later they played for a combined South Canterbury , Ashburton County and North Otago team against the touring Marylebone Cricket Club , taking two wickets . At the time a local newspaper described their bowling thus : `` Medium-pace left-hand round-the-wicket bowler ; breaks from off or leg at will . ''
In 1923 Hay was transferred to Christchurch . In early 1928 they took time off for health reasons and visited Western Australia . They did not resume their duties in Christchurch and in early 1929 they were transferred to West Perth . They then served in Kalgoorlie from 1935 to 1940 , when they were transferred to Subiaco in Perth . In 1941 they were elected president of the Methodist Conference of Western Australia .
Personal life
Hay married Emma Jane ( `` Minnie '' ) Langridge in Melbourne in April 1902 . They had a daughter , Jean , a noted New Zealand educator , and a son , Hugh . Minnie died in Perth in September 1934 . Hay died in June 1945 , aged 71 , survived by their second wife , Myrtle , and Jean and Hugh .
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1873 births
1945 deaths
Australian Methodist ministers
Cricketers from Peterhead
New Zealand cricketers
New Zealand Methodist ministers
Otago cricketers
Scottish emigrants to New Zealand
Leonard Chappelow ( 1683–1768 ) was an English clergyman and orientalist . They were Sir Thomas Adams 's Professor of Arabic at the University of Cambridge , from 1720 , for life , and also Lord Almoner 's Professorship of Arabic .
Life
They were born at Beverley , Yorkshire , the son of Edward Chappelow , a merchant . They matriculated as a sizar at St John 's College , Cambridge in 1709 . They graduated B.A . in 1713 , and M.A . in 1716 , and was a Fellow from 1717 to 1731 .
Ordained in 1716 , they were rector of Childerley , Cambridgeshire from 1723 , and of Little Hormead , Hertfordshire from 1730 . They were vicar of Royston , 1730 to 1738 , and vicar of Great Hormead , from 1762 to 1768 .
They died 13 January 1768 .
Works
They published an Arabic grammar in 1730 ; also translations , and a Commentary on the Book of Job in 1752 .
References
Concise Dictionary of National Biography
1683 births
1768 deaths
18th-century English Anglican priests
English orientalists
Alumni of St John 's College , Cambridge
Fellows of St John 's College , Cambridge
People from Beverley
Clergy from Yorkshire
Sir Thomas Adams 's Professors of Arabic
JSC NPO Almaz named after A.A. Raspletin ( , former SB-1 , 1947–50 ; KB-1 , 1950–66 ; MKB Strela , 1966–71 ; TsKB Almaz , 1971–88 ; NPO Almaz , 1988–2008 ; GSKB Almaz-Antey , 2008–15 ) is a Soviet/Russian military R & D enterprise founded in 1947 . It is the core of the Almaz-Antey holding . Headquarters – Moscow , Leningradsky av. , 80 .
History
The company is named after its chief designer .
Since 1955 , KB-1 developed such air defence missile systems as the S-25 Berkut , S-75 Dvina , S-125 Neva/Pechora , S-200 Angara/Vega/Dubna , S-300 , S-400 Triumf , S-300PMU , S-300PMU2 , and S-350E Vityaz .
On 30 November 2009 , the board of directors of Almaz-Antey voted to reorganize the joint-stock companies NIEMI , NIIRP , MNIIRE Altair and MNIIPA , merging them with NPO Almaz to form GSKB joint venture . GSKB became the head R & D arm of Almaz-Antey holdings , becoming its Head System Design Bureau ( ) .
NIIRP scientific & research center is developing the Joint system of air and ballistic missile defense ( ) . Earlier , NIIRP successfully developed the A-135 BMD system together with Amur-P multi-channel firing system which were put into operation to protect Moscow on 17 February 1995 . NIIRP had previously designed the A-35 and A-35M BMD systems , which defended Moscow from 1977 until the full deployment of the A-135 .
In February 2011 , it was announced that the first S-500 missile systems should be in serial production by 2014 . There will be also a version of the system called S-1000 .
Current product line
Area and object air defence
S-125 Neva/Pechora
S-400 Triumf missile system
S-300PMU2 Favorit missile system
S-300P missile system and modifications
Land forces air defence ( by NIEMI scientific & research center )
Antey-2500 missile system
S-300V missile system
Tor-M2E short-range missile system
55Zh6M Nebo M and UME three-band anti-stealth radar
Ship-based air defence ( by MNIIRE Altair scientific & research center )
Shtil-1 multi-channel ship-based middle-range missile system
S-300F Rif-M ship-based missile system
Klinok ship-based missile system
3M-47 Gibka , the ship turret launcher
Podzagolovok-24E – Basic Collective Mutual Interference Avoidance System ( ship-based electromagnetic compatibility electronic equipment )
Moskit-E , Moskit-MVE missile system
Automated control systems ( by MNIIPA scientific & research center )
Baikal-1ME
Krim-KTE
Universal-1E
Fundament-2E
References
External links
Official site of GSKB Almaz-Antey
Official site of Almaz-Antey
NPO Almaz at Globalsecurity.org
1947 establishments in Russia
Defence companies of the Soviet Union
Research institutes in the Soviet Union
Almaz-Antey
Technology companies established in 1947
Companies based in Moscow
Ministry of Radio Industry ( Soviet Union )
Electronics companies of the Soviet Union
Design bureaus
KDEL could refer to :
KDEL-FM , a radio station ( 100.9 FM ) licensed to Arkadelphia , Arkansas , United States
KDEL ( amino acid sequence ) , a sequence in the amino acid structure of a protein which keeps it from secreting from the ER
Bademli is a village in the Karamanlı district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Karamanlı District
The 2015 MFF Charity Cup is the 4th MFF Charity Cup , an annual Myanmar football match played between the winners of the previous season 's Myanmar National League and 2014 MFF Cup . The match was contested by Ayeyawady United , the 2014 MFF Cup winners , and Yadanarbon F.C. , champions of the 2014 Myanmar National League . It was held at Aung San Stadium on 3 January 2015 .
This was Yadanarbon F.C . 's 1st Cup appearance and Ayeyawady United 's 2nd .
Background and pre-match
Yadanarbon F.C . qualified for the 2016 MFF Charity Cup as winners of the 2014 Myanmar National League . It was the club 's third league title in 5 years . The other Charity Cup place went to Ayeyawady United , who defeated Nay Pyi Taw F.C . by two goals to win the 2014 MFF Cup and retain the trophy .
Yadanarbon F.C . made their first appearance in the Charity Cup . By contrast , Ayeyawady United made their third Chairity Cup appearance , and won once . Both clubs had never met before in this Cup .
Match
Team selection
Details
Statistics
References
MFF Charity Cup
2015 in Burmese football
Meli Polishook-Bloch ( , born 14 January 1953 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui and the Secular Faction between 2003 and 2006 .
Biography
Born in Ra'anana , Polishook-Bloch gained a BA in political science and theatre arts and an MA in political science and public policy from Tel Aviv University . They also gained an LLB from the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya .
In 1981 they joined Shinui , and served as chair of the party 's information committee between 1990 and 1999 . In the 1999 elections they were placed ninth on the party 's list , but missed out on a seat when they won only six mandates . Between 1999 and 2003 they chaired the party 's economic committee .
For the 2003 elections they were placed eighth on the Shinui list , and entered the Knesset when the party won 15 seats . During their first term , they chaired the Science and Technology Committee , the Education , Culture , and Sports Committee and the State Control Committee , and was also chairperson of the Israel-Finland Friendship Union .
Along with most of the party 's MKs , they defected to the Secular Faction ( which later became Hetz ) shortly before the 2006 elections following disagreements over the results of Shinui 's primary results . They were placed fourth on the Hetz list for the elections , but lost their seat when the party failed to cross the electoral threshold .
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
People from Ra'anana
Tel Aviv University alumni
Reichman University alumni
Women members of the Knesset
Hetz ( political party ) politicians
Shinui politicians
Members of the 16th Knesset ( 2003–2006 )
21st-century Israeli women politicians
The Talatal Ghar ) is an 18th century palace and military base located in Rangpur , from present-day Sivasagar , Assam , India . It is the largest of the monuments built by the Ahom dynasty .
The visitors are only allowed to scout through the ground floor , the first floor , and what remains of the 2nd and 3rd floors of the monument .
History
Swargadeo Rudra Singha shifted the capital of the Ahom kingdom from
Garhgaon to Rangpur in 1702-03 and it remained so for almost a century . It is located in the western part of Sivasagar . The earliest constructions were commissioned by Swargadeo Rudra Singha in 1698 . Rangpur was the last capital of the Ahom kingdom and served as its military-station .
Architecture
Talatal Ghar
The Talatal Ghar was initially built as an army base . It houses two secret tunnels , and three floors below ground level which were used as exit routes during the Ahom conflicts with other kingdoms ( and which give the structure its name ) .
The Rangpur Palace is a seven-storied structure ( 1751-1769 CE ) .
( Swargadeo Rajeswar Singha ) added the three floors below ground , which make up the Talatal Ghar . This is made of brick and an indigenous type of cement ( a mixture of Bora Chaul—a sticky variety of rice grain—eggs of swan , etc. ) . The Talatal Ghar had two secret tunnels . One , about in length , connected the Talatal Ghar to the Dikhow River , while the other , long , led to the Garhgaon Palace , and was used as an escape route in case of an enemy attack .
From east to west , several rooms run along a long corridor ; and from north to south are numerous smaller wings . The ground floor served as stables , store rooms , and servants ' quarters . The Kareng Ghar was built mainly of wood , which deteriorated over time . The Royal apartments were on the upper story , of which only a few rooms now remain , close to an octagonal room on the northern wing which once served as the Puja Ghar ( prayer house ) . There are stairs leading up to the terrace . An isolated room stands in the south which is believed to have been used by the queen during their confinement .
However , the first Ground Penetrating Survey ( GPR ) in the northeast , undertaken at two Ahom monuments in the Sivasagar district in early April 2015 , did not reveal the existence of any secret tunnel . The survey was carried out by IIT Kanpur , in collaboration with the Guwahati circle of the Archaeological Survey of India , over a period of five days at Talatal Ghar and Ahom Royal Palace ( Kareng Ghar ) , both in Sivasagar district .
The Rangpur Palace was once surrounded by a brick fortification and an earthen fort ( Garh ) with dikes filled with water . There is a Gola Ghar ( gunpowder and ammunition store ) near the palace .
Photo gallery
See also
Rang Ghar , Sivasagar
Sivasagar
Charaideo
Notes and references
Citations
Bibliography
Capitals of Ahom kingdom
Buildings and structures in Assam
Tourist attractions in Assam
Forts in Assam
Royal residences in India
Palaces in Assam
Sivasagar district
Buildings and structures completed in 1769
Ahom kingdom
Jean-Paul Gaster ( born June 19 , 1971 ) is the drummer for American rock band Clutch .
Style and influences
Jean-Paul Gaster learned to play drums by playing along to 1960s and 1970s heavy rock bands like Jimi Hendrix , Cream , ZZ Top and Black Sabbath . Washington D.C 's Go-go music and in particular drummers such as Ju Ju House , Brandon Finley and Ricky Wellman were early influences as well . They are one of many students who studied with legendary Washington D.C drummer and educator Walter Salb . Some favorite drummers of Gaster are jazz drummers Elvin Jones and Jack DeJohnette , Bad Brains drummer Earl Hudson and New Orleans drummer Johnny Vidacovich .
Clutch
Jean-Paul , Neil Fallon , Dan Maines and Tim Sult formed Clutch in 1991 . After releasing the Pitchfork 7 '' the band embarked on its first U.S tour in the summer of 1992 . Since then the band has released 13 studio albums and toured extensively through North America , Europe , UK and Australia . The band continues to be an important fixture on today 's hard rock scene . Clutch plays an average of 120 shows a year and its most recent release Psychic Warfare went number one on billboards rock chart . The band is currently on tour and working on new material .
Gear
Jean-Paul 's choice of set up has not changed much since the early days of Clutch . The set up usually consists of 14x26 bass drum , 9x13 tom tom , 16x16 floor tom and 5.5 x 14 chrome over brass snare drums . Favorite drum manufacturers of Gaster 's include G.M.S , Slingerland , Gretsch and Ludwig . Gaster enjoys playing both vintage and new drums . Gaster states `` I have a collection of vintage snares that I like to use in the studio . Old drums have a resonance that can add lots of character to the sound of a recording . My collection of drums are not museum pieces . If a throw off is in need of repair I 'll fix it or replace it . These drums are meant to be played not sit on a shelf for display . ''
Gaster has been a Meinl endorser since 2002 . Gaster plays a variety of models from Meinl 's Byzance line . Some favorites are 23 '' and 24 '' medium and heavy rides . 20 '' and 22 '' Sand rides , 22 '' Spectrum ride , 14 '' and 15 '' vintage pure hi hats . Gaster does not play any `` china '' type cymbals . They state , `` I find china cymbals to be awful and obnoxious sounding . I have n't used one since 1996 . I saw Billy Cobham play one at Blues Alley once and they made it sound great . The one Brann Dailor plays sounds pretty good too . I just ca n't get a sound out of one . ''
Jean-Paul is an Evans drum head endorser . They play coated G2s on snare and tom toms . Resonant tom tom heads are clear G1s and resonant snare heads are hazy 300s . Bass drum batter heads are usually frosted EQ3 .
Jean-Paul 's drums are not dampened or muffled . Sometimes a small pillow or towel is inside the bass drum on which a shure sm91 microphone rests to capture the batter side of the drum . Tuning is generally open and resonant . `` Lately I 've been tuning the resonant side of my tom toms about a half step higher than the batter side . That tuning approach seems to make the toms punch thru the band a little more . Right now I 'm playing a Gretsch USA custom kit . Those drums seem respond very nicely to this approach '' .
Jean-Paul plays Vater 's West Side model drumsticks .
Projects
In the late 1990s , Clutch formed the instrumental project The Bakerton Group . The Bakerton Group formed an independent record label , River Road Records , to release their own music . River Road Records would lay the ground work for what would become the Weathermaker music label . The Bakerton Group 's El Rojo would be one of Weathermaker 's first releases .
Jean-Paul Gaster has played and recorded with the rock band Five Horse Johnson . They appear on the albums The Mystery Spot and The taking of Blackheart . In 2007 , Jean-Paul Gaster collaborated with Opeth keyboardist Per Wiberg and Kamchatka guitarist Thomas Andersson on a project called King Hobo .
During 2008 , Jean-Paul Gaster played drums on Maryland doom legend guitarist Scott Weinrich 's solo album , Punctuated Equilibrium .
Jean-Paul played on Mike Westcott 's powerful blues rock album Justice Road in 2012 as well as their album Atomic Blues in 2017 . They play with Mike Westcott on a regular basis .
In 2013 Jean-Paul provided pre-production on Lionize 's Jetpack Soundtrack . They also co-produced Lionize 's 2017 album Nuclear Soul & played drums on their record Panic Attack in 2019 .
In 2014 Jean-Paul recorded drums on Maryland guitarist Mark Stanley 's Dark Brain album . The album also features guitarist Oz Noy as well as Spyro Gyra bassist Scott Ambush . Dark Brain is a mix of prog , jazz funk and ambient styles . They continue to collaborate with Stanley in the studio as well as live appearances .
Jean-Paul played on Jay Turner 's Art Music for Bass . `` Jay 's record was a challenge for me . It 's the closest to a straight up jazz recording I 've been involved with . The musicians they put together for those dates were amazing . I 'm very proud of that one . I look forward to hitting the studio with Jay again soon ''
Jean-Paul collaborated with Kevin Hillard to record drums and percussion for the soundtrack to the movie Fishing Without Nets . The film won an award at the 2014 Sundance film festival .
Jean-Paul recorded drums and percussion for Agent Ogden 's movie When the Man Went South .
Jean-Paul collaborates with Mark Morton of Lamb of God , Yanni Papadopoulos of Stinking Lizaveta and Chris Brooks of Lionize .
References
External links
1971 births
American male drummers
American rock drummers
Clutch ( band ) members
Living people
Musicians from Maryland
People from Frederick County , Maryland
20th-century American drummers
21st-century American drummers
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
The Bakerton Group members
Peter James Goldmark ( born August 4 , 1946 ) was the 15th Commissioner of Public Lands of Washington , head of the Washington Department of Natural Resources from 2009 to 2017 . They are a Democrat from a rural part of Okanogan County , Washington , outside of the town of Okanogan .
Goldmark has placed a lifelong emphasis on agriculture , science , education , and public service . Their primary career experience includes ranching in Eastern Washington ; over thirty years of volunteering to fighting wildland fires ; and a PhD in molecular biology . They have published papers in national and international scientific journals on plant molecular genetics and currently runs a wheat breeding program for crop improvement .
In 2008 , Goldmark won the election for Commissioner of Public Lands against incumbent Doug Sutherland in a tightly contested race . The major focus points of their campaign for Public Land Commissioner include preventing forest from being converted into strip malls or development ; encouraging sustainable timber practices to maintain steady income and areas of recreation for the state ; cleaning up Puget Sound ; promoting the use of biofuels ; effective wildland fire management ; and maintaining clean water for drinking , salmon habitat , and shellfish harvesting . They were succeeded by Hilary Franz after the 2016 election , where they did not run .
Early life
Goldmark was born in Okanogan , Washington , the son of Irma `` Sally '' ( née Ringe ) and John E. Goldmark , who bought the family ranch in 1946 . Their father was of half Austrian Jewish and half British Isles descent , and their mother was from a Protestant family of German ancestry . Peter began their education in a one-room school house at Duley Lake near Okanogan , Washington . They graduated from Okanogan High School in Okanogan in 1963 and Haverford College in 1967 .
Goldmark 's father , John , had been a Washington State legislator . After a local newspaper , the Tonasket Tribune , smeared them as a Communist and possibly cost them re-election in 1962 , John and their wife Sally sued for libel and won , in a landmark case . Goldmark 's brother Charles , along with their immediate family , was murdered in Seattle in 1985 by David Lewis Rice , who falsely believed them to be Jewish Communists .
Education
1967 : Bachelor 's degree from Haverford College in Haverford , Pennsylvania
1971 : Doctor of Philosophy ( Ph.D. ) in molecular biology from the University of California at Berkeley
Career
Peter J. Goldmark is the owner of Double J. Ranch , which covers in Okanogan County . They also are the founder and chief scientist of a biotechnology research laboratory , DJR Research , Inc. , in Okanogan . Most recently they served on the Washington State University Board of Regents .
Career awards include being named Washington State Conservation Farmer of the Year ( 1983 ) . Additional career notes include thirty years as a volunteer wildland firefighter in Washington State . They were also former Director of the Washington Department of Agriculture , resigning in under six months ( reports of exact time differs ) saying `` It is not possible for me to fulfill the requirements of this important and demanding job in state government and still meet the needs of my family . ''
They were recently noted as saying they are ready for a full-time government post as Commissioner of Public Lands , and addressed concerns over the short period of time with the Department of Agriculture , citing that their children are now grown and they have hired additional staff to help manage the ranch .
1971 - 1972 : they were a Research Associate at Harvard University Medical School .
1972 : brought their wife back to the Double J Ranch for their honeymoon and never left .
1976 - 1986 : served as a member and chair of the Okanogan County Planning Commission .
1993 : appointed the director of the Washington State Department of Agriculture by former Governor Mike Lowry .
1994 - 1996 : served as chair of the Governor 's Council on Agriculture and the Environment .
1996 - 2005 : appointed to the Board of Regents to the Washington State University .
1996 - 1998 : worked as Vice President of Quality Northwest .
1997 - 2005 : served on the Board of Directors of the Okanogan School District .
1999 - 2000 : served as President of the Board and chairperson of the presidential search committee .
1999–present : Co-founded Farming and the Environment , a non-profit to bridge farmers and environmentalists .
2002 - 2003 : served on the Governor 's Council for a Sustainable Washington .
2003 - 2008 : served on the Advisory Board of the Washington State University - University of Washington Policy Consensus Center .
2004 - 2005 : served on the Governor 's Council on Biodiversity .
ongoing : Over thirty years as a wildland firefighter with Okanogan County Fire District No . 8 .
2006 campaign
In 2006 , Goldmark ran for Congress against Cathy McMorris , who was hailed as a rising star and a heavy favorite for re-election . The increasing visibility and fundraising ability of Goldmark 's campaign prompted CQPolitics.com to change its race rating to Republican Favored from Safe Republican in late August , 2006—stating that McMorris was still likely to win re-election , but that Goldmark was providing them with serious competition . McMorris ended up defeating Goldmark ( 56.4 % to 43.6 % ) by 13 % even after the DCCC designed the race as one of their `` Red To Blue '' races , targeting it for donations and support .
2008 campaign
Goldmark 's 2008 campaign focus was to `` restore the integrity of the management of of forest , rangeland , and water resources . '' They bring ranching and science experience , as well as a conservation ethic , to Washington Department of Natural Resources . They hope to maximize the productivity and sustainability of jobs , recreation , and wildlife . They beat Doug Sutherland by 31,000 votes .
Political positions
Energy policy
Goldmark is campaigning for a reduction in dependence on foreign oil by supporting the use of fuels derived from biomass , like biodiesel and raising the mileage requirements for new cars and trucks . They also support decentralized renewable energy initiatives to promote energy self-reliance in rural areas and supports investing in wind energy .
Puget Sound and the environment
Goldmark places a strong emphasis on the conservation of the Puget Sound , and the various rivers comprising its basin , for the restoration of salmon and other aquatic species . Clean water is important to the Washington Department of Natural Resources because a portion of their budget is based on the harvesting of wild geoduck .
Goldmark is a board member of the Washington State Biodiversity Council . Former Governor Gary Locke created the Council in 2004 to develop and promote more effective ways of conserving Washington 's biodiversity .
Farming
Goldmark ranches with a strong conservation philosophy . They adhere to methods that would conserve the soil while growing crops and managing the whole ranch with a philosophy of care instead of one of exploitation . In 1999 , Goldmark co-founded a nonprofit called Farming and the Environment comprising a coalition of environmentalists and farmers . The group is dedicated to ensuring the ecological and economic health of agricultural lands and rural communities . The hope is to build a bridge between farmers and environmentalists . The group has worked together to meet the needs of a healthy environment and maintain economically viable agricultural opportunities at the same time .
Goldmark says that farmers and ranchers fulfill a mandate to provide food for people and at the same time , they seek to be good flight attendants of the land and have to be very much concerned with the environment .
Forest management
Goldmark is concerned over the loss of working forests to sprawl and unsustainable logging practices . They want to `` end sweetheart deals that give away public resources '' and is working to limit clearcutting on dangerous slopes .
Campaign finance and government ethics
Peter Goldmark takes a very strong stance against lobbyist gifts and meals given to elected officials . They have vowed to refuse all such gifts and has challenged their opponent to take the same position . Goldmark did accept $ 202,855 in PAC money during the 2006 election cycle .
Electoral history
See also
Washington Department of Natural Resources
Geoduck
Washington State Executive elections , 2008
Washington United States House elections , 2006
References
External links
Purification and Properties of the recBC DNase of Escherichia coli K-12 A scientific article on E. coli co-authored by Goldmark in the Journal of Biological Chemistry .
Molecular Cloning and Expression of Abscisic Acid-Responsive Genes in Embryos of Dormant Wheat Seeds A scientific article on wheat co-authored by Goldmark in Plant Physiology .
Cloning and expression of an embryo-specific mRNA up-regulated in hydrated dormant seeds A scientific article on wheat co-authored by Goldmark in Plant Molecular Biology .
Goldmark 's 2008 campaign website
Goldmark 's 2006 campaign website
Washington State DNR website
Washington ( state ) Democrats
Harvard Medical School people
Haverford College alumni
University of California , Berkeley alumni
People from Okanogan , Washington
Washington ( state ) Commissioners of Public Lands
1946 births
Living people
Dominik Fitz ( born 16 June 1999 ) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club Austria Wien .
References
Living people
1999 births
Association football midfielders
Austrian footballers
Austria youth international footballers
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
FK Austria Wien players
Tony Macaroni is a chain of restaurants in Scotland and Northern Ireland specialising in Italian cuisine . The slogan of the company is vive per mangiare ( `` live to eat '' ) . It is the sister company of Nardini 's , an ice cream parlour in Largs , Scotland , and Marini 's , a Scottish chain of fish and chip shops . The first restaurant in Scotland opened in 2001 , in East Kilbride , South Lanarkshire .
Sponsorship
In August 2013 Livingston F.C . announced a three-year kit sponsorship deal with Tony Macaroni . The club 's Almondvale Stadium was renamed the Tony Macaroni Arena in 2015 .
See also
List of Italian restaurants
References
External links
Italian restaurants
Restaurant groups in the United Kingdom
Restaurants in Scotland
Companies based in Glasgow
William McEwan ( 24 October 1875 – 4 April 1934 ) was a Scotland rugby football player . On moving to South Africa , McEwan then also represented South Africa .
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
They also played for Edinburgh Academicals .
Provincial career
McEwan was capped for Edinburgh District .
International career
They were capped sixteen times for between 1894 and 1900 . They were also capped for South Africa .
Family
They were the brother of Saxon McEwan , who was also capped for Scotland .
References
Sources
Bath , Richard ( ed . ) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany ( Vision Sports Publishing Ltd , 2007 )
1875 births
1934 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
Edinburgh District ( rugby union ) players
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Rugby union forwards
Kitty at Boarding School is a short American silent comedy film produced by the Edison Company in 1912 .
Release
The film was released in the United States on October 21 , 1912 , and remained in circulation on US screens through at least the following January .
References
External links
1912 films
1912 comedy films
1912 short films
Silent American comedy films
American black-and-white films
Boarding school films
American silent short films
American comedy short films
1910s American films
Widow is a 1976 American TV film directed by J. Lee Thompson from a script by Barbara Turner . It was based on a memoir by publicist Lynne Caine .
Premise
A woman is widowed when their husband dies of cancer , meaning they have to look after their two children .
Cast
Michael Learned
Farley Granger
Bradford Dillman
Carol Rossen
Michelle Stacy
Amzie Strickland
Eric Olson
Louise Sorel
Kate Woodville
Carmen Mathews
Robert Lansing
Production
The film was made by Lorimar who also made The Waltons . Star of that show , Michael Learned , was the star of Widow . Learned called it `` the best script I 've seen for TV or movies since I came to Hollywood . '' It was shot at Burbank Studios in May 1975 .
Reception
The Los Angeles Times called it `` resourcefully made '' with `` an admirably tough minded and comprehensive script . ''
References
External links
Widow at IMDb
Widow at BFI
Widow at BFI
1976 films
1976 television films
American television films
Films directed by J. Lee Thompson
Jay Sadguru Swami is the arti sung at Swaminarayan Sampradaya mandirs . This arti was composed by Muktanand Swami on 5 November 1802 . During the arti , a lighted lamp is waved before murtis , representations of Swaminarayan and other deities . In shikharbaddha mandirs , arti is performed five times a day ; in dev mandirs , also known as Hari mandirs , arti is performed in the morning and evening only .
See also
Swaminarayan
Swaminarayan Sampradaya
References
Hindu music
Swaminarayan Sampradaya
Aarti
CXorf26 ( Chromosome X Open Reading Frame 26 ) , also known as MGC874 , is a well conserved human gene found on the plus strand of the short arm of the X chromosome . The exact function of the gene is poorly understood , but the polysaccharide biosynthesis domain that spans a major portion of the protein product ( known as UPF0368 ) , as well as the yeast homolog , YPL225 , offer insights into its possible function .
Proposed function
Given the mass of data available on CXorf26 , potential function is likely related to the workings of RNA polymerase II , ubiquitination , and ribosomes in the cytoplasm . The basis of these arguments is on the interaction data of human CXorf26 as well as its yeast homolog , YPL225W . Both homologs show interaction with multiple ubiquinated proteins and the transcriptional enzyme RNA polymerase II . For example , ubiquitiation and subsequent degradation of the 26S proteasome serves an important function in regulating transcription in eukaryotes . The yeast protein RPN11 , which interacts with YPL225W , has a homolog in humans that is a metalloprotease component of 26S proteasome that also degrades proteins targeted for destruction by the ubiquitin pathway . These functions do not seem to relate to a polysaccharide biosynthesis function as would be assumed due to its conserved domain , but it may still play a role in secondary structure or sites of phosphorylation .
Further experimentation into the potential role of CXorf26 can give further insight into its exact function in these key cellular processes . Experiments such as a RNA polymerase II inhibitor and subsequent gene expression of CXorf26 could enlighten potential function as well as a complete knockout of YPL225W in yeast using methods such as RNAi .
Gene
CXorf26 is found on the plus strand of the short arm of the X chromosome , specifically on the gene locus Xq13.3 spanning the genomic chromosome region from bases 75,393,420-75,397,740 . The primary mRNA transcript sequence has 1214 base pairs and its protein product , UPF0368 , is composed of 233 amino acids and has a predicted mass of 26,057 Da .
The locus where CXorf26 is located , Xq13.3 , has known associations to X-linked mental retardation .
The third gene located upstream of CXorf26 is ATRX , which encodes for an ATPase/helicase domain , and when mutated causes an X-linked mental retardation syndrome along with alpha thalassemia syndrome ; both are known to cause changes in the DNA methylation patterns . Furthermore , the third gene downstream of CXorf26 , ZDHHC15 , which when mutated , causes mental retardation X-linked type 91 . One noteworthy gene located nearby is Xist , which plays a role in the inactivation process of the X chromosome . X inactivation relates to CXorf26 , and is discussed below in the relevant research section .
Expression
Expression data for CXorf26 shows it is highly ubiquitously expressed throughout human tissues and ESTs in nearly all situations . The GEO profile to the right shows the expression levels for CXorf26 in common human tissues to consistently be around the 75th percentile range , suggesting it may possess a housekeeping function due its seemingly ubiquitous expression . If the conserved domain does indeed play a role in polysaccharide biosynthesis of some sort , this high gene expression is sensible to that function .
Gene expression profiles in the Gene Expression Omnibus ( GEO ) repository located within the NCBI website demonstrated that there were not many treatments that resulted in a changing of expression of CXorf26 in examined tissues . However , one experiment compared CXorf26 expression in lung adenocarcinoma CL1-5 cells either overexpressing or underexpressing Claudin-1 . Results indicated that CXorf26 expression greatly drops when CLDN1 is overexpressed . CLDN1 is a major component in forming tight junction complexes between cells , which foster cell-cell adhesion of cell membranes . More tight junctions formed by CLDN1 would likely result in decreased expression of CXorf26 since the cell membrane would be used for tight junctions instead of its normal function related to heparan sulfate .
Alternative splice forms
There is only one alternative splice form for CXorf26 . This splice form has significantly fewer mRNA base pairs at 977 , but still has a protein product of 232 amino acids . This alternative splice form appears to be missing exon 5 of the transcript , but it may be added onto exon 6 , creating a larger exon compared to the consensus transcript .
There were no other predicted exons within the genomic CXorf26 sequence when 3000 base pairs were added on either side in the search .
Promoter region
The promoter for CXorf26 is predicted to be located from bases 75392235 to 75393075 on the X chromosome positive strand . The promoter region has extensive conservation with all primates and most mammal homologs , but conservation is lessened in more distantly related species . Given the primary transcript begins at base 7539277 , the promoter overlaps with it by 304 bases . 20 predicted transcription factor binding sites with their transcription factor family was collected as well . A high amount of the transcriptional factors relate to zinc finger factors , which have the function of stabilizing protein folds , while none of the factors seem to relate to a potential polysaccharide biosynthesis function . One transcription factor family predicted to bind to the promoter region was V $ CHRF , and is involved in regulation of the cell cycle . The regulation could be related to ubiquitin function ; proteins with ubiquitination type function were found to interact with CXorf26 .
Protein
Subcellular distribution
The CXorf26 protein is 56.5 % likely to be localized within the cytoplasm while 17.4 % likely to localized to the mitochondria . CXorf26 's yeast homolog , YPL225W , was GFP tagged and its location was determined to be in the cytoplasm . Cytoplasmic location instead of transmembrane was supported since no hydrophobic signal peptide sequence and TMAP predicted no potential transmembrane segments in CXorf26 or any of its homologs in other species .
Polysaccharide domain
CXorf26 was found to have conserved domain known as DUF757 within its sequence . The conserved domain spans a majority of the protein sequence , from amino acids 39-159 . Conservation of the domain is strong throughout all homologs compared , including mammals , invertebrates such as insects , and even sponges . The yeast homolog , YPL225W , shows 42.4 % identity and 62 % similarity in this domain . Conservation of the domain is especially high in areas which include one of the multiple alpha helices or beta sheets . There are also multiple conserved phosphorylation sites located in the amino acid sequence at tyrosine 72 and serine 126 .
According to NCBI , this domain is in the family of proteins expected play a role in xylan biosynthesis in plant cell walls , but its exact role in the synthesis pathway is unknown . As animal cells do not contain cell walls , its exact function in other organisms such as humans is unknown .
Xylan is made from units of the pentose sugar xylose , which is known for being the first saccharide in multiple biosynthetic pathways of anionic polysaccharides such as heparan sulfate and chondroitin sulfate . Like Xylan , heparan sulfate it is found on the cell surface ; since it is needed for both the cell surface and extracellular matrix , it may explain CXorf26 's high expression in nearly all human tissues . Heparan biosynthesis occurs in the lumen of the endoplasmic reticulum and is initiated by the transfer of a xylose from UDP-xylose by xylosyltransferase to specific serine residues within the protein core . PSORTII predicts the presence of a KKXX-like motif , GEKA , near the C-terminus of CXorf26 . KKXX-like motifs are predicted endoplasmic reticulum membrane retention signals . This motif is only conserved in primates . However , another KKXX-like motif , QDKE , is found to exist at the end of the domain . The K in this motif is highly conserved back to most invertebrates . However , contradicting results from NetNGlyc predicted no N-glycosylation sites , suggesting CXorf26 does not undergo special folding in the endoplasmic reticulum lumen . Given that the conserved domain can not function to create xylan since there are no cell walls in animal cells , the function may be related to this pathway .
Secondary structure
Predictions across multiple programs suggest the presence of 7 alpha helices and 2 beta sheets for CXorf26 ; the majority of the secondary structures are in the conserved domain . Experimental evidence in the yeast homolog shows 4 alpha helices and 2 beta sheets all in the polysaccharide domain , just as the predicted SWISS model above shows for humans . The location of the secondary structures are also conserved .
Post-translational modifications
Pepsin ( pH 1.3 ) , Asp-N endopeptidase , N-terminal Glutamate and Proteinase K all had 50 or more cleavage sites within the protein , but none of the 10 caspases had any cleavage sites . This suggests CXorf26 is not likely to be cleaved or degraded during apoptosis . This follows with the observation that CXorf26 is expressed highly in nearly all tissues and experimental conditions .
Lysine 63 and 66 are potential sites of glycation of epsilon amino groups of lysines . Lysine 63 was conserved in both Macaca mulatta and Bombus impatiens . There are 10 serine , 3 threonine , and 6 tyrosine phosphorylation sites predicted within the CXorf26 protein . When comparing the predicted phosphorylation sites , those shown in the table below were those conserved in Macaca mulatta as well as Bombus impatiens . S127 was left in the table even though Homo sapiens and Macaca mulatta did not have significant scores above threshold for that position . Through evolutionary change , the serine in Bombus was changed to a tyrosine in Homo sapiens and Macaca mulatta , which is still capable of phosphorylation , suggesting although there was a mutation , it would likely not result in a large change for the protein and its function .
Species distribution
CXorf26 is strongly evolutionary conserved , with conservation found in Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis . A multiple sequence alignment of 20 orthologous protein sequences reveals very strong conservation of the polysaccharide biosynthesis domain , but conservation after it was essentially non-existent in invertebrates . For those vertebrates that contained a sequence after the conserved domain , it was found to be of low complexity and filled with repetitive sequence of the amino acid motif 'GEK ' , corresponding to amino acids glycine , glutamic acid , and lysine . Glutamic acid and lysine both are charged , which contributes to the overall hydrophilicity of the section after the conserved domain .
Yeast homolog YPL225W
The CXorf26 homolog in yeast , YPL225W , has an overall identity match of 27 % but a 42.4 % identity and 62 % similarity with the polysaccharide biosynthesis domain . Like the predicted human secondary structure , YPL225W is experimentally verified to also contain four alpha helices and two beta sheets within the biosynthesis domain . Like CXorf26 , YPL225W function in yeast is unknown , but based on co-purification experiments it may interact with ribosomes since many of its 18 interacting proteins were related to RNA and ribosomes . There were also multiple proteins involved with RNA polymerase , which is involved in the cellular process of transcription . Furthermore , multiple proteins were involved in ubiquitination . Some of the interacting yeast proteins with the higher interaction scores were UBI4 , RPB8 , SRO9 , and NAB2 .
Interacting proteins
Potential interacting proteins were identified using the tools provided at the I2D Interlogous Interaction Database and the STRING 9.0 program . Although more proteins were predicted , those shown below had the highest scores and showed the greatest possibility of relating to potential CXorf26 function .
SMAD2 , PHB , and CTNNB1 were found in an experiment investigating transcriptional factor networks . The BABAM1 interaction was found in both databases using an anti-tag coimmunoprecipitation assay while POLR2H was based on a tandem affinity purification assay using the yeast homolog , YPL225W .
References
Genes on human chromosome X
Kharadi is a suburb located in the Eastern Metropolitan Corridor of Pune , India , on the banks of the Mula-Mutha river that serves as a hub for information technology and business parks . Initially , it was referred to as a village however , during recent times with reference to the introduction of the information technology businesses in Kharadi , the suburb has evolved into a major metropolitan corridor for techies in Pune .
Although an IT powerhouse , the banking industry is also making its way into the neighbourhood . It is rapidly developing in terms of residential and office projects . The exponential development of Kharadi in the 2010s has caused demands for a metro station in the area . The possibility of a line connection has been touted by offices and companies , some even willing to contribute funds to the project - similar to IT companies in Bangalore .
History
Kharadi was a village for a larger part of the history of Pune . The initial urban expansion eastwards began from the eastern Pune suburb of Chandan Nagar . The IT boom , beginning in roughly 2005 , established major Multinational corporations in the area . Residential projects followed , and development is moving at a rapid pace in the 2020s .
Geography
Location
Kharadi is located in the north-east of Pune . It is approximately 15 minutes from the Pune Airport by car . To its north is Lohegaon ; to the south is the Mula-Mutha River and the neighbourhoods of Magarpatta and Hadapsar ; to its east is Chandan Nagar , Wadgaonsheri , and Viman Nagar ; and to its west is the neighbourhood of Wagholi .
Climate
Kharadi has a hot , semi-arid climate . It is between a tropical wet and dry . The area experiences three seasons : summer , monsoon , and winter . The summers are hot , dry , and clear lasting for 2.5 months . The monsoons are windy , cold , and overcast . The winters last for roughly 2 months , the coldest month of the year being January .
Economy
Kharadi is one of Pune 's IT hubs . Companies that have offices in Kharadi include Vodafone , Barclays , TATA , Credit Suisse , UPS , Symantec , Citigroup , Seagate Technology , Mphasis , Veritas Technologies , Zensar , Allianz , Northern Trust , and UBS . Pune 's only World Trade Centre is located in the area . The campus has several buildings and is one of India 's 25 WTCs . It is a member of the World Trade Centers Association .
Kharadi was the home of US - based MNC Urban Air Mobility ( UAM ) Blade ( company ) vertiport offering daily helicopter service to Mumbai . The travel time from Kharadi to Mumbai was cut down to 35 minutes due to the service . The vertiport was soon relocated to Koregaon Park - a posh , affluent , central Pune neighbourhood .
Culture
Kharadi has been the venue for multiple music festivals in the past . The VH1 Supersonic music festival took place in Kharadi , featuring artists such as Diplo , Marshmello , Machine Gun Kelly and more . Moreover , the popular festival all over India NH7 Weekender chooses Kharadi as its home when the circus makes its way to Pune .
See also
Hinjawadi
Magarpatta
Vimannagar
Koregaon Park
Kalyani Nagar
References
Neighbourhoods in Pune
High-technology business districts in India
Economy of Pune
Software technology parks in Pune
Alyce Frank is an American landscape painter .
Early life
Frank was born in New Iberia , Louisiana , in 1932 . They then moved to Los Angeles and Tulsa at a young age . At the age of 15 , they applied to a liberal arts program and was accepted at the University of Chicago , graduating three years later , in 1950 . They then moved to Los Angeles , where they attended graduate school at UCLA and the University of Southern California ( USC ) . At USC they met Larry Frank , an aspiring filmmaker ; they married in 1953 .
For ten years , they worked on educational films that their husband produced . Them work as a film editor helped cultivate their sense of composition , something that served them well when they took up painting .
Career
They moved to New Mexico in 1962 and began painting in 1973 , specializing in boldly colored landscape paintings influenced by fauvism and German expressionism .
In 1983 , they were selected for a master class with Richard Diebenkorn at the Santa Fe Institute of Art .
Frank collaborates with many artists in nearby Taos , New Mexico , and refers to themselves as a `` Taos Expressionist '' . They are a long-time painting partner of Taos artist Barbara Zaring .
Over 26 years , they created a large body of work , completing more than 600 canvases , primarily large landscapes as well as nearly one hundred portraits . Them works were collected into the book The Magical Realism of Alyce Frank by Joseph Dispenza in 1999 .
Them painting The Upper Falls at Yosemite ( ca . 1996 ) was part of an exhibition on the art of Yosemite which appeared at the Autry National Center , the Oakland Museum of California , the Nevada Museum of Art and the Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art from 2006 to 2008 .
Personal life
They are a resident of Arroyo Hondo , New Mexico , and was married to Larry Frank , a filmmaker and author , until their death . They collected Native American and Hispano American art and artifacts . They had three children .
References
1932 births
Living people
20th-century American women artists
American women painters
Artists from Louisiana
Painters from New Mexico
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
University of Chicago alumni
University of Southern California alumni
People from New Iberia , Louisiana
21st-century American women artists
Monterey , Pennsylvania , is an unincorporated community which was added to the USGS Geographic Names Information System on August 2 , 1979 . After the site was surveyed for the never-completed Tapeworm Railroad , the summit community was settled on the Emmitsburg & Waynesboro Turnpike east of the Nichol 's Gap Road intersection near the Toll Gate and Brown 's Spring and later bypassed by the 20th century Pennsylvania Route 16 highway .
As with the Pen Mar Park to the south , Monterey was the site of numerous resort facilities such as the Clermont House , 1887 Monterey Hotel , the Monterey House , the Monterey Inn , the Monterey Academy , and the Monterey Country Club . The community 's post office established in the late 19th century was named Charmian ( another PA post office already was named Monterey ) , and the Charmian station of the Baltimore and Harrisburg Railway was established after the Western Extension was laid in 1888–1889 ( cf . Monterey Station in 1872 ) .
Civil War
As a mountain community near the intersection of the turnpike and the Nichol 's Gap Road , the Monterey area was an 1863 American Civil War site through which both Federal and Confederate forces maneuvered during the Gettysburg Campaign ( e.g. , Buford 's Cavalry en route to a June 29/30 Fountaindale bivouac ) and a military engagement during the retreat from Gettysburg was at the Monterey location . On July 5 , prisoners of war encamped at and east of the site , and `` two soldiers of the Fourth Carolina Cavalry '' were buried `` near the gatehouse of the Monterey Springs '' .
References
American Civil War sites
Defunct resorts
Unincorporated communities in Franklin County , Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Mount Riiser-Larsen ( ) is a prominent mountain , 870 m , standing at the northwest end of the Tula Mountains on the east side of Amundsen Bay . It was named by the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition ( BANZARE ) under Mawson in January 1930 for Captain Hjalmar Riiser-Larsen , the leader of a Norwegian expedition in the Norvegia which also explored the area in that season .
Further reading
United States . Defense Mapping Agency . Hydrographic Center , Sailing Directions for Antarctica : Includes Islands South of Latitude 60.̊ , P 248
Itoyuki Nishioka , Naoto Ishikawa , and Minoru Funaki , Magnetic fabric analysis of deformed rocks in the Riiser-Larsen Main Shear Zone , East Antarctica , Polar Geosci. , 18 , 1525 , 2005
National Science Foundation , Antarctic Journal of the United States , Volumes 14-15 , P 47
External links
Mount Riiser-Larsen on USGS website
Mount Riiser-Larsen on AADC website
Mount Riiser-Larsen on SCAR website
References
Mountains of Enderby Land
Veto Gap ( ) is a gap between Tobin and Gair Mesas in the Mesa Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica which provides access from upper Rennick Glacier to the Aeronaut Glacier . It was named `` Veto '' by the northern party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition ( NZGSAE ) , 1962–63 , because it decided that Pinnacle Gap to the north offered the better route from Rennick to Aviator Glacier .
References
Mountain passes of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Johan Bülow Wamberg ( 15 May 1786 – 8 June 1852 ) was a Norwegian politician .
They were born in Hvideseid as the son of Nils Wamberg and their wife Sussanne Sophie Saxe . Their father had migrated from Denmark to work as a district stipendiary magistrate . Johan B. Wamberg was to a large degree raised by politician and businessperson Niels Aall . They went on to found their own company in Skien . They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1827 , representing the constituency of Skien og Porsgrund . They served only one term .
Around 1830 they were appointed chief customs surveyor in Farsund . They moved to Flekkefjord in 1841 and Kristianssand in 1842 , where they stayed until their death .
Wamberg married Hedvig Jørgine Flood , and the couple had eight children . After their death in 1840 , Wamberg married Mathilde Petromine Cappelen . They had three children .
References
1786 births
1852 deaths
Members of the Storting
Norwegian businesspeople
Politicians from Skien
Norwegian people of Danish descent
The Music of Disney : A Legacy In Song is a 1992 three disc set of Disney songs spanning eight decades that were originally recorded from 1928 to 1991 .
The collection is composed of hit songs and familiar favorites from films , television shows and theme parks including Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , Pinocchio , Bambi , Cinderella , 101 Dalmatians , Beauty and the Beast , The Little Mermaid , DuckTales , The Mickey Mouse Club , and Walt Disney anthology television series . Released in 1992 by Walt Disney Records , it features such classics as `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' , `` Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah '' , `` Someday My Prince Will Come '' , `` Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious '' , `` A Spoonful of Sugar '' , `` Beauty and the Beast '' and `` It 's A Small World ( After All ) '' .
The wide array of singers and performers include Julie Andrews , Dick Van Dyke , Burl Ives , Louis Prima , Maurice Chevalier , Angela Lansbury , Roger Miller , Helen Reddy , Bette Midler , Sean Connery , Kirk Douglas , Annette Funicello , Pearl Bailey and George Burns .
Certified as a gold-selling record by the RIAA in January 1993 , it was certified as a platinum-selling recording in March 1995 .
Track list
Disc One
1 . `` Turkey in the Straw '' : Steamboat Willie ( 1928 ) - Traditional
2 . `` Who 's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf ? `` : The Three Little Pigs ( 1933 ) - Pinto Colvig/Mary Moder/Dorothy Compton/Billy Bletcher
3 . `` Heigh-Ho '' : Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ( 1937 ) - The Dwarf Chorus
4 . `` Whistle While You Work '' : Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ( 1937 ) - Adriana Caselotti
5 . `` Someday My Prince Will Come '' : Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ( 1937 ) - Adriana Caselotti
6 . `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' : Pinocchio ( 1940 ) - Cliff `` Ukelele Ike '' Edwards
7 . `` Give a Little Whistle '' : Pinocchio ( 1940 ) - Cliff Edwards/Dickie Jones
8 . `` Dance of the Reed Flutes '' : Fantasia ( 1940 ) - The Philadelphia Orch/Leopold Stokowski
9 . `` Baby Mine '' : Dumbo ( 1941 ) - Betty Noyes
10 . `` Love is a Song '' : Bambi ( 1942 ) - Donald Novis
11 . `` Little April Shower '' : Bambi ( 1942 ) - Amy Lou Barnes/Sally Mueller/Mary Moder/Alice Sizer/Betty Bruce
12 . `` Saludos Amigos '' : Saludos Amigos ( 1943 ) - Disney Studio Chorus
13 . `` You Belong to My Heart '' : The Three Caballeros ( 1944 ) - Dora Luz
14 . `` Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah '' : Song of the South ( 1946 ) - James Baskett
15 . `` Everybody 's Got a Laughing Place '' : Song of the South ( 1946 ) - James Baskett/Jesse Cryor/Johnny Lee/Nicodemus Stewart
16 . `` The Lord is Good to Me '' : Melody Time ( 1946 ) - Dennis Day
17 . `` Lavender Blue ( Dilly , Dilly ) '' : So Dear to My Heart ( 1946 ) - Burl Ives
18 . `` A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes '' : Cinderella ( 1950 ) - Ilene Woods
19 . `` Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo '' : Cinderella ( 1950 ) - Verna Felton/Ilene Woods/James McDonald
20 . `` I 'm Late '' : Alice in Wonderland ( 1951 ) - Bill Thompson/Kathryn Beaumont
21 . `` The Unbirthday Song '' : Alice in Wonderland ( 1951 ) - Jerry Colonna/Ed Wynn/Kathryn Beaumont
22 . `` The Second Star to the Right '' : Peter Pan ( 1953 ) - The Jud Conlon Chor
23 . `` You Can Fly '' : Peter Pan ( 1953 ) - Bobby Driscoll/Kathryn Beaumont/Paul Collins/Tommy Luske
24 . `` Bella Notte '' : Lady and the Tramp ( 1955 ) - Bill Hamlin/Oliver Wallace
25 . `` Once Upon a Dream '' : Sleeping Beauty ( 1959 ) - Mary Costa/Bill Shirley
26 . '' Cruella De Vil '' : One Hundred and One Dalmatians ( 1961 ) - Bill Lee/Lisa Davis/Ben Wright
27 . `` Higitus Figitus '' : The Sword in the Stone ( 1963 ) - Karl Swenson/Ricky Sorenson
Disc Two
1 . `` Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious '' : Mary Poppins ( 1964 ) - Julie Andrews/Dick Van Dyke/The Pearlie Chorus
2 . `` A Spoonful of Sugar '' : Mary Poppins ( 1964 ) - Julie Andrews
3 . `` Chim Chim Cher-ee '' : Mary Poppins ( 1964 ) - Dick Van Dyke/Julie Andrews/Karen Dotrice/Matthew Garber
4 . `` Winnie the Pooh '' : Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree ( 1966 ) - Disney Studio Chorus
5 . `` The Bare Necessities '' : The Jungle Book ( 1967 ) - Phil Harris/Bruce Reitherman
6 . `` I Wan'na Be Like You '' : The Jungle Book ( 1967 ) - Louis Prima/Phil Harris/Bruce Reitherman
7 . `` The Aristocats '' : The Aristocats ( 1970 ) - Maurice Chevalier
8 . `` Everybody Wants to Be a Cat '' : The Aristocats ( 1970 ) - Phil Harris/Scatman Crothers/Thurl Ravenscroft/Liz English
9 . `` The Age of Not Believing '' : Bedknobs and Broomsticks ( 1971 ) - Angela Lansbury
10 . `` Nobody 's Problems '' : Bedknobs and Broomsticks ( 1971 ) - Angela Lansbury
11 . `` Oo-De-Lally '' : Robin Hood ( 1973 ) - Roger Miller
12 . `` Someone 's Waiting for You '' : The Rescuers ( 1977 ) - Shelby Flint
13 . `` Candle on the Water '' : Pete 's Dragon ( 1977 ) - Helen Reddy
14 . `` Best of Friends '' : The Fox and the Hound ( 1981 ) - Pearl Bailey
15 . `` Perfect Is n't Easy '' : Oliver & Company ( 1988 ) - Bette Midler
16 . `` Part of Your World '' : The Little Mermaid ( 1989 ) - Jodi Benson
17 . `` Under the Sea '' : The Little Mermaid ( 1989 ) - Samuel E. Wright
18 . `` Kiss the Girl '' : The Little Mermaid ( 1989 ) - Samuel E. Wright
19 . `` Be Our Guest '' : Beauty and the Beast ( 1991 ) - Jerry Orbach/Angela Lansbury
20 . `` Beauty and the Beast '' : Beauty and the Beast ( 1991 ) - Angela Lansbury
Disc Three
1 . `` A Whale of a Tale '' : 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ( 1954 ) - Kirk Douglas
2 . `` Old Yeller '' : Old Yeller ( 1957 ) - Jerome Courtland
3 . `` Pretty Irish Girl '' : Darby O'Gill and the Little People ( 1959 ) - Sean Connery
4 . `` The Parent Trap '' : The Parent Trap ( 1961 ) - Tommy Sands/Annette Funicello
5 . `` Castle in Spain '' : Babes in Toyland ( 1961 ) - Ray Bolger
6 . `` Enjoy It '' : In Search of the Castaways ( 1962 ) - Maurice Chevalier/Hayley Mills
7 . `` On the Front Porch '' : Summer Magic ( 1963 ) - Burl Ives
8 . `` The Monkey 's Uncle '' : The Monkey 's Uncle ( 1965 ) - Annette Funicello
9 . `` That Darn Cat '' : That Darn Cat ( 1965 ) - Bobby Darin
10 . `` Fortuosity '' : The Happiest Millionaire ( 1967 ) - Tommy Steele
11 . `` Mickey Mouse March '' : The Mickey Mouse Club ( 1955 ) - The Mouseketeers
12 . `` I 'm No Fool '' : The Mickey Mouse Club ( 1956 ) - Cliff `` Ukelele Ike '' Edwards
13 . `` You , the Human Animal '' : The Mickey Mouse Club ( 1956 ) - Cliff `` Ukelele Ike '' Edwards
14 . `` Mickey Mouse Club , Alma Mater '' : The Mickey Mouse Club ( 1955 ) - The Mouseketeers/Jimmie Dodd
15 . `` Wonderful World of Color '' ( Main Title ) : Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color ( 1961 ) - The Wellingtons
16 . `` The Spectrum Song '' : Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color ( 1961 ) - Paul Frees
17 . `` The Ballad of Davy Crockett '' : Davy Crockett ( 1955 ) - The Mellomen
18 . `` The Swamp Fox '' : The Swamp Fox ( 1959 ) - Leslie Nielsen
19 . `` The Wonderful World of Disney '' ( Main Title ) : The Wonderful World of Disney ( 1968 ) - George Bruns
20 . `` Zorro '' : Zorro ( 1957 ) - The Mellomen
21 . `` Strummin ' Song '' : Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color ( 1961 ) - Annette Funicello
22 . `` Mister Piano Man '' : The Golden Horseshoe Revie ( 1962 ) - Annette Funicello
23 . `` DuckTales Theme '' : DuckTales ( 1990 ) - Jeff Pescetto
24 . `` TaleSpin Theme '' : TaleSpin ( 1990 ) - Jim Gilstrap
25 . `` Meet Me Down on Main Street '' : Disneyland ( 1956 ) - The Mellomen
26 . `` The Tiki , Tiki , Tiki Room '' : Walt Disney 's Enchanted Tiki Room ( 1963 ) - Wally Boag/Fulton Burley/Thurl Ravenscroft/The Mellomen
27 . `` It 's a Small World ( After All ) '' : It 's a Small World ( 1964 ) - The Disneyland Chorus
28 . `` Yo Ho ( A Pirate 's Life for Me ) '' : Pirates of the Caribbean ( 1967 ) - The Mellomen
29 . `` There 's a Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow '' : Carousel of Progress ( 1964 ) - Rex Allen
30 . `` Golden Dream '' : EPCOT Center ( 1982 ) - Richard Page/Marti McCall
31 . `` Main Street Electrical Parade '' : Disneyland ( 1979 ) - Jean Jacques Perrey/Gershon Kingsley
References
1992 compilation albums
Walt Disney Records compilation albums
Disney albums
The climate of Scotland is mostly temperate and oceanic ( Köppen climate classification Cfb ) , and tends to be very changeable , but rarely extreme . It is warmed by the Gulf Stream from the Atlantic , and given its northerly latitude it is much warmer than areas on similar latitudes , for example Kamchatka in Russia or Labrador in Canada ( where the sea freezes over in winter ) , or Fort McMurray , Canada ( where is not uncommon during winter ) . Scots sometimes describe weather which is grey and gloomy using the Scots language word dreich .
Temperature
Scotland occupies the cooler northern section of Great Britain , so temperatures are generally lower than in the rest of the British Isles , with the coldest ever UK temperature of recorded at Braemar in the Grampian Mountains , on 10 January 1982 and also at Altnaharra , Highland , on 30 December 1995 . Winters in Scotland have an average low of around , with summer maximum temperatures averaging . In general , the western coastal areas of Scotland are warmer than the east and inland areas , due to the influence of the Atlantic currents , and the colder surface temperatures of the North Sea . The highest official temperature recorded was at Kelso , on 19 July 2022 .
For the last 100 years , the coldest winter was in 1963 ( average temperature ) and the mildest was in 1989 ( average ) . The warmest summer was in 2003 ( average ) and the coolest was in 1922 ( average ) .
Rainfall
Rainfall totals vary widely across Scotland— the western highlands of Scotland is one of the wettest places in Europe with annual rainfall up to . Due to the mountainous topography of the western Highlands , this type of precipitation is orographic in nature , with the warm , wet air forced to rise on contact with the mountainous coast , where it consequently cools and condenses , forming clouds . In comparison , much of eastern Scotland receives less than annually ; lying in the rain shadow of the western uplands . This effect is most pronounced along the coasts of Lothian , Fife , Angus and eastern Aberdeenshire , as well as around the city of Inverness . Inchkeith in the Firth of Forth receives only of precipitation each year , which is similar to Rabat in Morocco , and less than Barcelona receives per year . Also , as a result of this the north-western coast has about 265 days with rain a year and this falls to the south east to a minimum of about 170 days along the coast to the east of high ground .
Snowfall is less common in the lowlands , but becomes more common with altitude . Parts of the Highlands have an average of 36 to 105 snow days per year , while some western coastal areas have between 12 and 17 days with snow a year .
Sunshine
The maximum amount of sunshine in a calendar month was 329 hours in Tiree in May 1946 and again in May 1975 while the minimum , a mere 36 minutes , was recorded at Cape Wrath in the Highlands in January 1983 . Dundee and Aberdeen are the sunniest cities in Scotland . On the longest day of the year there is no complete darkness over the northern isles of Scotland . Lerwick , Shetland , has about four hours more daylight at midsummer than London , although this is reversed in midwinter . Annual average sunshine totals vary from as little as 711–1140 hours in the highlands and the north-west , up to 1471–1540 hours on the extreme eastern and south-western coasts . Average annual sunshine hours over the whole territory are 1160 ( taking 1971 to 2000 as standard ) meaning that the sun shines just over 25 % of the time .
Winds
Scotland is the windiest country in Europe due to eastward moving Atlantic depressions that bring strong winds and clouds continuously throughout the year . In common with the rest of the United Kingdom , wind prevails from the south-west . The windiest areas of Scotland are in the north and west ; parts of the Western Isles , Orkney and Shetland have over 30 days with gale force winds per year . Vigorous Atlantic depressions , also known as European windstorms , are a common feature in the autumn and winter in Scotland . The strongest wind gust recorded in Scotland was officially on 20 March 1986 in the Cairngorms , but an unofficial wind speed of was recorded in the same location on 19 December 2008 .
Climate change
References
John Konchar ( born March 22 , 1996 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . They played college basketball for the Purdue Fort Wayne Mastodons .
High school career
Konchar played basketball for West Chicago High School in West Chicago , Illinois . In their junior season , they averaged 19.7 points , 8.8 rebounds , 3.4 assists , and two steals , leading their team in most statistical categories . They finished with a 5–22 record . On February 27 , 2014 , as a senior , Konchar posted 45 points , 15 rebounds , eight assists , five steals , and five blocks in an 89–82 win over St. Charles North High School . With the performance , they became their school 's all-time leading scorer , surpassing their head coach and 1983 graduate Bill Recchia . Konchar averaged 28.9 points , 14.1 rebounds , 4.1 assists , 3.2 steals , and 2.5 blocks per game in their senior season , earning All-Area MVP honors .
Despite their high school success , they were lightly recruited , with their only NCAA Division I scholarship offer coming from Chicago State . A Notre Dame assistant coach convinced Indiana University – Purdue University Fort Wayne ( IPFW ) , then a joint campus of the Indiana University ( IU ) and Purdue University systems , to offer them a basketball scholarship . On April 25 , 2015 , they committed to IPFW .
College career
During Konchar 's college career , their basketball team represented two different universities and used three different athletic identities . In their first-year student season , the school 's athletic program was known as the IPFW Mastodons . Between their first-year student and sophomore seasons , IPFW changed its athletic branding to Fort Wayne Mastodons . After their sophomore season , the IU and Purdue systems agreed to dissolve IPFW effective June 30 , 2018 . IPFW 's degree programs in health sciences would transfer to the new Indiana University Fort Wayne , while all other IPFW degree programs , plus the IPFW athletic department , would become part of the new Purdue University Fort Wayne ( PFW ) . Shortly before the split became official , the athletic department announced that it would henceforth be known as the Purdue Fort Wayne Mastodons .
On March 10 , 2019 , Konchar recorded 18 points , 10 rebounds , and 10 assists in a 96–70 victory over South Dakota in the 2019 Summit League Tournament . It was the first triple-double in tournament history . As a senior for Purdue Fort Wayne , Konchar averaged 19.5 points , 8.6 rebounds , 5.4 assists , and two steals per game , earning first-team All-Summit League honors for their fourth consecutive season . They compiled 2,065 career points and left as the program 's all-time leading scorer . At the end of the season , Tom Henry , mayor of Fort Wayne , Indiana , proclaimed March 28 as `` John Konchar Day . ''
Professional career
Memphis Grizzlies ( 2019–present )
After going undrafted in the 2019 NBA draft , Konchar signed a two-way contract with the Memphis Grizzlies . Konchar made their NBA debut on November 9 , 2019 against the Dallas Mavericks . They suffered a calf strain on November 15 and was sidelined for several weeks .
On November 22 , 2020 , the Memphis Grizzlies announced that they had re-signed Konchar to a multi-year contract . On May 11 , 2021 , Konchar logged a career-high 18 points on 7-of-10 shooting from the field and 2-of-4 from three along with six rebounds and three assists in 26 minutes of play in a 133–104 win over the Dallas Mavericks .
During the Grizzlies ' regular season finale on April 10 , 2022 , Konchar recorded their first career triple-double with 17 points , ten assists and 13 rebounds in a 110–139 loss to the Boston Celtics .
On July 7 , 2022 , Konchar and the Grizzlies agreed to a multi-year contract extension through the 2026-27 season .
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Memphis
| 19 || 0 || 9.5 || .649 || .500 || .500 || 2.5 || 1.2 || .4 || .2 || 2.8
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Memphis
| 43 || 0 || 13.4 || .500 || .375 || .833 || 3.0 || 1.1 || .7 || .2 || 4.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Memphis
| 72 || 7 || 17.9 || .515 || .413 || .551 || 4.6 || 1.5 || .6 || .3 || 4.8
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
| 134 || 7 || 15.3 || .522 || .407 || .654 || 3.8 || 1.3 || .6 || .3 || 4.4
Playoffs
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2021
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Memphis
| 1 || 0 || 3.0 || .000 || .000 || || 1.0 || .0 || .0 || 1.0 || .0
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2022
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Memphis
| 8 || 0 || 7.0 || .273 || .167 || 1.000 || 2.4 || .6 || .4 || .1 || 1.1
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
| 9 || 0 || 6.6 || .250 || .143 || 1.000 || 2.2 || .6 || .3 || .2 || 1.0
Personal life
Konchar is of Czech and Hungarian descent ; in addition , their paternal grandfather is a Serb .
See also
List of NCAA Division I men 's basketball players with 2000 points and 1000 rebounds
References
External links
Purdue Fort Wayne Mastodons bio
JohnKonchar.com
1996 births
Living people
American men 's basketball players
American people of Czech descent
American people of Hungarian descent
American people of Serbian descent
Basketball players from Chicago
Memphis Grizzlies players
Memphis Hustle players
People from West Chicago , Illinois
Purdue Fort Wayne Mastodons men 's basketball players
Shooting guards
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
Miss Universe Spain 2018 was the sixth edition of the Miss Universe Spain pageant . It was held in August Auditorium , Palau Firal i de Congressos in Tarragona on June 29 , 2018 , with 20 finalists competing . Sofía del Prado of Castilla-La Mancha crowned their successor at the end of the event . The winner represented Spain at Miss Universe 2018 pageant . Ángela Ponce became the first transgender person to win the competition .
The event was broadcast live and direct nationally by the forty-two regional television stations that make up the Cadena Local TV group and also via Broadcasting through the official channel on YouTube for viewers around the world .
Results
Placements
Candidates
20 contestants competed for the title of Miss Universe Spain 2018 :
References
External links
Universe Spain
Miss Spain
June 2018 events in Spain
2018 in Catalonia
Formby Golf Club is a golf link in Formby , Merseyside , England .
History
Founded in 1884 , the course was redesigned by Willie Park Jr. in 1912 . Over the years the course has undergone some changes , including some in 1922 by James Braid .
Major tournaments hosted
The course has been the venue for a number of tournaments and competitions over the years , including the Curtis Cup in 2004 and The Amateur Championship in 1957 , 1967 , 1984 , and 2009 . It has also been used as a qualifying course for The Open Championship in 1924 , 1971 and 1996 . It hosted the Staysure PGA Seniors Championship in 2021 and 2022 as part of the European Senior Tour .
References
External links
Formby Golf Club
Englands Golf Coast
Article on the 2004 Curtis Cup
Aerial Photograph from MultiMap
Golf clubs and courses in Merseyside
Curtis Cup venues
Sport in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton
Sports venues completed in 1884
Formby
Ethmolaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Chromadorida .
Genera :
Ethmodora Khera , 1975
Paraethmolaimus Jensen , 1994
Trichethmolaimus Platt , 1982
References
Nematodes
Kunjali Marakkar is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language historical film directed by S. S. Rajan , written by K. Padmanabhan Nair and produced by T. K. Pareekutty . It stars Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair , Prem Nazir , Sukumari , P. K. Saraswathi and P. K. Sathyapal . The film has a musical score by B . A. Chidambaranath . The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam .
Cast
Prem Nazir as Antonio / Narayana Nair
Sukumari
P. K. Saraswathi
P. K. Sathyapal
P. J. Antony as Zamorin 's nephew
Jyothi Lakshmi
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Kunjali Marakkar , Chief Naval Officer of Samoothiri
Kunjava
Kuthiravattam Pappu
Kuttyedathi Vilasini
Premji as Zamorin of Calicut
Santha Devi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by B . A. Chidambaranath and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran .
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Indian biographical films
History of Kerala on film
Best Malayalam Feature Film National Film Award winners
1960s biographical films
Costilla County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 3,499 . The county seat is San Luis , the oldest continuously occupied town in Colorado .
History
On July 8 , 1694 , Spanish Conquistador Don Diego de Vargas and their army , two weeks before the Battle of Astialakwa , reached Costilla County . Diego Vargas is not the first Spaniard in Colorado . Juan de Archuleta led an expedition into Colorado in 1664 - but their expedition is the first traceable Spanish expedition into Colorado . In 1647 , Governor Luis Rosas fought with the Utes in northern New Mexico . While Rosa came near Colorado , it has not been verified they actually did .
Costilla County was the first area of Colorado to be settled by European-Americans . Hispanic settlers from Taos , New Mexico , officially established San Luis on April 9 , 1851 . Costilla County was one of the original 17 counties created by the Territory of Colorado on November 1 , 1861 . The county was named for Costilla Creek . Although San Miguel was originally designated the county seat , the county government was moved to San Luis in 1863 .
The county 's original boundaries extended over much of south-central Colorado . Much of the northern portion became part of Saguache County in 1866 , and the western portions were folded into Hinsdale and Rio Grande counties in 1874 . Costilla County arrived at its modern boundaries in 1913 when Alamosa County was created from its northwest portions .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.3 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Huerfano County - northeast
Las Animas County - east
Colfax County , New Mexico - southeast
Taos County , New Mexico - south
Conejos County - west
Alamosa County - northwest
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 160
State Highway 142
State Highway 159
National protected area
San Isabel National Forest
Historic trails and sites
Fort Garland State History Museum
Los Caminos Antiguos Scenic and Historic Byway
Old Spanish National Historic Trail
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,663 people , 1,503 households , and 1,029 families living in the county . The population density was 3 people per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . There were 2,202 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 60.91 % White , 0.79 % Black or African American , 2.48 % Native American , 1.01 % Asian , 0.14 % Pacific Islander , 29.46 % from other races , and 5.21 % from two or more races . 67.59 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 1,503 households , out of which 28.50 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.60 % were married couples living together , 11.30 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 31.50 % were non-families . 28.10 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.60 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.98 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 25.00 % under the age of 18 , 6.60 % from 18 to 24 , 23.30 % from 25 to 44 , 28.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 16.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 42 years . For every 100 females there were 99.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 96.20 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 19,531 , and the median income for a family was $ 25,509 , the lowest for Colorado . Males had a median income of $ 22,390 versus $ 16,121 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 10,748 . About 21.30 % of families and 26.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 32.40 % of those under age 18 and 23.30 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Costilla County tends to favor the Democratic candidate in Presidential elections . The last Republican to carry the county was Calvin Coolidge in 1924 , and the last to gain an absolute majority William Howard Taft in 1912 – an era when most votes in these high valley counties were done for the voters by political machines . In the last eleven Presidential elections the Democratic candidate has consistently received over sixty percent of the county 's vote and four times won over seventy percent .
In Colorado 's first elections as a state in 1876 , Auguste Lacome ( D ) ran against William H. Meyer ( R ) for State Senate in Costilla County , then Colorado 's 18th District . Meyer would later become the Lt . Governor of Colorado . Votes cast for “ Locome ” and “ Lacompte ” were included in the count for Lacome . Meyer carried the election 349–204 .
It is part of Colorado 's 3rd congressional district , which has a Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+5 and is represented by Republican Lauren Boebert . In the Colorado Senate it is in District 35 and is represented by Cleave Simpson . In the Colorado House of Representatives it is in District 62 and is represented by Democrat Donald Valdez .
Communities
Towns
Blanca
San Luis
Census-designated places
Fort Garland
San Acacio
Other unincorporated places
Chama
Garcia
Jaroso
Mesita
Russell
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Costilla County , Colorado
Auguste Lacome
References
External links
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
San Luis Valley Information Center
Colorado counties
1861 establishments in Colorado Territory
San Luis Valley of Colorado
Populated places established in 1861
Hispanic and Latino American culture in Colorado
Prince Philip of Bourbon-Two Sicilies ( Filippo Maria Alfonso Antonio Ferdinando Francesco di Paola Lodovico Enrico Alberto Taddeo Francesco Saverio Uberto ; 10 December 1885 – 9 March 1949 ) was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and a Prince of Bourbon-Two Sicilies .
Family
Prince Philip was the tenth child of Prince Alfonso of Bourbon-Two Sicilies , Count of Caserta , and their wife , Princess Maria Antonietta of Bourbon-Two Sicilies .
Marriage and issue
Philip married firstly to Princess Marie Louise of Orléans , the eldest daughter and child of Prince Emmanuel , Duke of Vendôme and their wife Princess Henriette of Belgium , on 12 January 1916 in Neuilly-sur-Seine . The couple had one child before their divorce in 1925 :
Prince Gaetano Maria Alfonso Enrico Paolo of Bourbon-Two Sicilies ( born 16 April 1917 in Cannes ; died 27 December 1984 in Harare ) . They renounced their title and dynastic membership in the House of Bourbon-Sicily on 24 February 1939 upon becoming a British subject . On 16 February 1946 they married Olivia Yarrow ( born 16 July 1917 in Dumfries ; died 24 May 1987 in Harare ) in Paddington They had children :
Adrian Philip de Bourbon ( born 7 April 1948 in Warrington )
∞ Linda Idensohn ( born 3 February 1950 in Salisbury ) on 20 March 1976 in Salisbury
Philip Charles de Bourbon ( born 5 May 1977 in Harare )
Michelle Lara de Bourbon ( born 12 February 1979 in Harare )
Gregory Peter de Bourbon ( born 2 January 1950 in Warrington )
∞ Maureen Powell ( born 19 April 1951 in Bulawayo ) on 15 May 1971 in Rusape
Christan Peter de Bourbon ( born 11 April 1974 in Vancouver )
Raymond Paul de Bourbon ( born 8 November 1978 in Harare )
∞ Carrie Anne Thornley ( born 2 February 1945 in Cessnock ) on 30 August 1986 in Brisbane
Philip married secondly to Odette Labori , daughter of French attorney Fernand Labori , on 10 January 1927 in Paris . Philip and Odette did not have children .
Titles , styles and honours
Titles and styles
10 December 1885 – 9 March 1949 : Their Royal Highness Prince Philip of Bourbon-Two Sicilies
Honours
:
Grand Cross of the Order of Charles III , 8 October 1907
Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece , 5 January 1916
Novice Knight of the Order of Alcántara
Ancestry
References
1885 births
1949 deaths
People from Cannes
Princes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies
French Roman Catholics
19th-century Roman Catholics
20th-century Roman Catholics
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Spain
Knights of the Order of Alcántara
The King Is Alive is a 2000 drama film directed by Kristian Levring . The fourth film to be done according to the Dogme 95 rules , it was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival .
Plot
A group of tourists is stranded in the Namibian desert when their bus loses its way and runs out of fuel . Canned carrots and dew keep the tourists alive , but they are helplessly entrapped , completely cut off from the rest of the world . As courage and moral fibre weaken and relationships grow shaky , Henry , a theatrical manager , persuades the group to put on Shakespeare 's tragedy King Lear . As the tourists work their way through Henry 's hand-written scripts for an audience of only the sand dunes and one distant , indigenous watcher , real life increasingly begins to resemble the play .
Cast
Miles Anderson as Jack
Romane Bohringer as Catherine
David Bradley as Henry
David Calder as Charles
Bruce Davison as Ray
Brion James as Ashley
Peter Khubeke as Kanana ( as Peter Kubheka )
Vusi Kunene as Moses
Jennifer Jason Leigh as Gina
Janet McTeer as Liz
Chris Walker as Paul
Lia Williams as Amanda
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes , The King Is Alive holds an approval rating of 60 % , based on 68 reviews , and an average rating of 6/10 . Its consensus reads , `` Though the plot feels rather contrived , the ensemble acting in this Dogme 95 film is good . '' On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 52 out of 100 , based on 25 critics , indicating `` Mixed or average reviews '' .
References
External links
2000 films
2000s adventure drama films
Danish-language films
Dogme 95 films
Danish independent films
Films directed by Kristian Levring
Films with screenplays by Anders Thomas Jensen
Films set in Namibia
Namibia
Films set in deserts
2000s survival films
2000 drama films
2001 drama films
2001 films
2000s English-language films
I 'm Shooting High is an album by jazz pianist Gildo Mahones recorded for the Prestige label in 1963 . The album was intended to be the pianist 's debut album but was shelved temporarily when the Prestige subsidiary label New Jazz ceased to be used for releases and was later issued as part of the Prestige 16000 Series .
Track listing
All compositions by Gildo Mahones except where noted .
`` Water Blues Fall ''
`` Good Morning Heartache '' ( Irene Higginbotham , Ervin Drake , Dan Fisher )
`` The Sweetest Sounds '' ( Richard Rodgers )
`` Stormy Monday '' ( Earl Hines , Billy Eckstine , Bob Crowder )
`` I 'm Shooting High '' ( Jimmy McHugh , Ted Koehler )
`` Bali Ha ' i '' ( Richard Rodgers , Oscar Hammerstein II )
`` Tales of Brooklyn ''
`` Hey Girl '' ( Gerry Goffin , Carole King )
Recorded at Van Gelder Studio in Englewood Cliffs , New Jersey on February 4 , 1963 ( tracks 5 , 6 ) , August 15 , 1963 ( tracks 7 , 8 ) and September 3 , 1963 ( tracks 1–4 )
Personnel
Gildo Mahones – piano
Leo Wright – alto saxophone ( tracks 7 , 8 )
Kenny Burrell – guitar ( tracks 7 , 8 )
Larry Young – organ ( tracks 5 , 6 )
Peck Morrison ( tracks 5 , 6 ) , George Tucker ( tracks 1–4 , 7 , 8 ) – bass
Oliver Jackson ( tracks 5 , 6 ) , Jimmie Smith ( tracks 1–4 , 7 , 8 ) – drums
Ozzie Beck – vocals ( track 8 )
Ozzie Cadena – producer
Rudy Van Gelder – recording engineer
References
Gildo Mahones albums
1964 albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums produced by Ozzie Cadena
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Pedda Raveedu is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh . It is the mandal headquarters of Peda Araveedu mandal Markapur revenue division .
References
Villages in Prakasam district
Nephthys or Nebet-Het in ancient Egyptian ( ) was a goddess in ancient Egyptian religion . A member of the Great Ennead of Heliopolis in Egyptian mythology , they were a daughter of Nut and Geb . Nephthys was typically paired with their sister Isis in funerary rites because of their role as protectors of the mummy and the god Osiris and as the sister-wife of Set .
They were associated with mourning , the night/darkness , service ( specifically temples ) , childbirth , the dead , protection , magic , health , embalming , and beer .
Etymology
Nephthys is the Greek form of an epithet ( transliterated as Nebet-hut , Nebet-het , Nebt-het , from Egyptian nbt-ḥwt ) . The origin of the goddess Nephthys is unclear but the literal translation of their name is usually given as Lady of the House or Lady of the Temple .
This title , which may be more of an epithet describing their function than a given name , probably indicates the association of Nephthys with one particular temple or some specific aspect of the Egyptian temple ritual . Along with their sister Isis , Nephthys represented the temple pylon or trapezoidal tower gateway entrance to the temple which also displayed the flagstaff . This entrance way symbolized the horizon or akhet .
Function
At the time of the Fifth Dynasty Pyramid Texts , Nephthys appears as a goddess of the Heliopolitan Ennead . They are the sister of Isis and companion of the war-like deity , Set . As sister of Isis and especially Osiris , Nephthys is a protective goddess who symbolizes the death experience , just as Isis represented the birth experience .
Nephthys was known in some ancient Egyptian temple theologies and cosmologies as the `` Helpful Goddess '' or the `` Excellent Goddess '' . These late ancient Egyptian temple texts describe a goddess who represented divine assistance and protective guardianship .
Nephthys is regarded as the mother of the funerary deity Anubis ( Inpu ) in some myths . Alternatively Anubis appears as the son of Bastet or Isis . In Nubia , Nephthys was said to be the wife of Anubis .
Though usually considered the aunt of Horus , they often appear as their mother . They are also seen as a wife of Horus .
As the primary `` nursing mother '' of the incarnate pharaonic god , Horus , Nephthys also was considered to be the nurse of the reigning pharaoh himself . Though other goddesses could assume this role , Nephthys was most usually portrayed in this function . In contrast , Nephthys is sometimes featured as a rather ferocious and dangerous divinity , capable of incinerating the enemies of the pharaoh with their fiery breath .
New Kingdom Ramesside Pharaohs , in particular , were enamored of Mother Nephthys as is attested in various stelae and a wealth of inscriptions at Karnak and Luxor , where Nephthys was a member of that great city 's Ennead and their altars were present in the massive complex .
Nephthys was typically paired with their sister Isis in funerary rites because of their role as protectors of the mummy and the god Osiris and as the sister-wife of Set .
Less well understood than their sister Isis , Nephthys was no less important in Egyptian religion as confirmed by the work of E. Hornung along with the work of several noted scholars .
Ascend and descend ; descend with Nephthys , sink into darkness with the Night-bark . Ascend and descend ; ascend with Isis , rise with the Day-bark . — Pyramid Text utterance 222 , line 210
Symbolism
In the funerary role , Nephthys often was depicted as a kite or as a woman with falcon wings , usually outstretched as a symbol of protection . Nephthys 's association with the kite or the Egyptian hawk ( and its piercing , mournful cries ) evidently reminded the ancients of the lamentations usually offered for the dead by wailing women . In this capacity , it is easy to see how Nephthys could be associated with death and putrefaction in the Pyramid Texts . They are , almost without fail , depicted as crowned by the hieroglyphs signifying their name , which were a combination of signs for the sacred temple enclosure ( ḥwt ) along with the sign for nb or mistress ( lady ) on top of the enclosure sign .
Nephthys was clearly viewed as a morbid-but-crucial force of heavenly transition , i.e. , the pharaoh becomes strong for their journey to the afterlife through the intervention of Isis and Nephthys . The same divine power could be applied later to all of the dead , who were advised to consider Nephthys a necessary companion . According to the Pyramid Texts , Nephthys , along with Isis , was a force before whom demons trembled in fear and whose magical spells were necessary for navigating the various levels of Duat , as the region of the afterlife was termed .
Mythology and position in the pantheon
Nephthys and Set
Though it commonly has been assumed that Nephthys was married to Set and they have a son Anubis , recent Egyptological research has called this into question . Levai notes that while Plutarch 's De Iside et Osiride mentions the deities ' marriage , there is very little specifically linking Nephthys and Set in the original early Egyptian sources . They argue that the later evidence suggests that :
while Nephthys 's marriage to Set was a part of Egyptian mythology , it was not a part of the myth of the murder and resurrection of Osiris . They were not paired with Set the villain , but with Set 's other aspect , the benevolent figure who was the killer of Apophis . This was the aspect of Set worshiped in the western oases during the Roman period , where they are depicted with Nephthys as co-ruler .
It is Nephthys who assists Isis in gathering and mourning the dismembered portions of the body of Osiris after their murder by the envious Set . Nephthys also serves as the nursemaid and watchful guardian of the infant Horus . The Pyramid Texts refer to Isis as the `` birth-mother '' and to Nephthys as the `` nursing-mother '' of Horus . Nephthys was attested as one of the four `` Great Chiefs '' ruling in the Osirian cult center of Busiris in the Delta and they appear to have occupied an honorary position at the holy city of Abydos . No cult is attested for them there , though they certainly figured as a goddess of great importance in the annual rites conducted , wherein two chosen females or priestesses played the roles of Isis and Nephthys and performed the elaborate `` Lamentations of Isis and Nephthys '' . There , at Abydos , Nephthys joined Isis as a mourner in the shrine known as the Osireion . These `` Festival Songs of Isis and Nephthys '' were ritual elements of many such Osirian rites in major ancient Egyptian cult centers .
As a mortuary goddess like Isis , Neith , and Serqet , Nephthys was one of the protectresses of the canopic jars of Hapi . Hapi , one of the sons of Horus , guarded the embalmed lungs . Thus we find Nephthys endowed with the epithet `` Nephthys of the Bed of Life '' in direct reference to their regenerative priorities on the embalming table . In the city of Memphis , Nephthys was duly honored with the title `` Queen of the Embalmer 's Shop '' and there associated with the jackal-headed god Anubis as patron .
Nephthys was also considered a festive deity whose rites could mandate the liberal consumption of beer . In various reliefs at Edfu , Dendera , and Behbeit , Nephthys is depicted receiving lavish beer offerings from the pharaoh which they would `` return '' using their power as a beer goddess `` that [ the pharaoh ] may have joy with no hangover '' . Elsewhere at Edfu , for example , Nephthys is a goddess who gives the pharaoh power to see `` that which is hidden by moonlight '' . This fits well with more general textual themes that consider Nephthys to be a goddess whose unique domain was darkness or the perilous edges of the desert .
Nephthys could also appear as one of the goddesses who assist at childbirth . An ancient Egyptian myth preserved in the Papyrus Westcar recounts the story of Isis , Nephthys , Meskhenet , and Heqet as traveling dancers in disguise , assisting the wife of a priest of Amun-Re as they prepare to bring forth sons who are destined for fame and fortune .
Nephthys 's healing skills and status as direct counterpart of Isis , steeped , as their sister in `` words of power '' , are evidenced by the abundance of faience amulets carved in their likeness and by their presence in a variety of magical papyri that sought to summon their famously altruistic qualities to the aid of mortals .
New Kingdom cults
The Ramesside pharaohs were particularly devoted to Set 's prerogatives and , in the 19th Dynasty , a temple of Nephthys called the `` House of Nephthys of Ramesses-Meriamun '' was built or refurbished in the town of Sepermeru , midway between Oxyrhynchus and Herakleopolis , on the outskirts of the Fayyum and quite near to the modern site of Deshasheh . Here , as Papyrus Wilbour notes in its wealth of taxation records and land assessments , the temple of Nephthys was a specific foundation by Ramesses II , located in close proximity to ( or within ) the precinct of the enclosure of Set . To be certain , the House of Nephthys was one of fifty individual , land-owning temples delineated for this portion of the Middle Egyptian district in Papyrus Wilbour . The fields and other holdings belonging to Nephthys 's temple were under the authority of two Nephthys prophets ( named Penpmer and Merybarse ) and one ( mentioned ) wa'ab priest of the goddess .
While certainly affiliated with the `` House of Set '' , the Nephthys temple at Sepermeru and its apportioned lands ( several acres ) clearly were under administration distinct from the Set institution . The Nephthys temple was a unique establishment in its own right , an independent entity . According to Papyrus Wilbour , another `` House of Nephthys of Ramesses-Meriamun '' seems to have existed to the north , in the town of Su , closer to the Fayyum region .
Another temple of Nephthys seems to have existed in the town of Punodjem . The Papyrus Bologna records a complaint lodged by a prophet of the temple of Set in that town regarding undue taxation in their regard . After making an introductory appeal to `` Re-Horakhte , Set , and Nephthys '' for the ultimate resolution of this issue by the royal Vizier , the prophet ( named Pra'emhab ) laments their workload . They note their obvious administration of the `` House of Set '' and adds : `` I am also responsible for the ship , and I am responsible likewise for the House of Nephthys , along with a heap of other temples . ''
As `` Nephthys of Ramesses-Meriamun '' , the goddess and their shrines were under the particular endorsement of Ramesses II . The foundations of the Set and Nephthys temples at Sepermeru finally were discovered and identified in the 1980s and the Nephthys temple was a self-sustaining temple complex within the Set enclosure .
There can be little doubt that a cult of Nephthys existed in the temple and great town of Herakleopolis , north of Sepermeru . A near life-sized statue of Nephthys ( currently housed in the Louvre ) boasts a curiously altered inscription . The basalt image originally was stationed at Medinet-Habu as part of the cultic celebration of the pharaonic `` Sed-Festival '' , but was transferred at some point to Herakleopolis and the temple of Herishef . The cult-image 's inscription originally pertained to `` Nephthys , Foremost of the Sed [ Festival ] in the Booth of Annals '' ( at Medinet-Habu ) , but was re-inscribed or re-dedicated to `` Nephthys , Foremost of the [ Booths of ] Herakleopolis '' . A `` prophet of Nephthys '' is indeed attested for the town of Herakleopolis in the 30th Dynasty .
Chief goddess of Nome VII
Nephthys was considered the unique protectress of the Bennu bird . This role may have stemmed from an early association in their native Heliopolis which was renowned for its `` House of the Bennu '' temple . In this role , Nephthys was given the name `` Nephthys-Kheresket '' and a wealth of temple texts from Edfu , Dendera , Philae , Kom Ombo , El Qa'la , Esna , and others corroborate the late identification of Nephthys as the supreme goddess of Upper Egyptian Nome VII , where another shrine existed in honor of the Bennu . Nephthys also was the goddess of the `` Mansion of the Sistrum '' in Hwt-Sekhem ( Gr . Diospolis Parva ) , the chief city of Nome VII . There , Nephthys was the primary protectress of the resident Osirian relic , of the Bennu Bird , and of the local Horus/Osiris manifestation , the god Neferhotep .
Nephthys was most widely and usually worshiped in ancient Egypt as part of a consortium of temple deities . Therefore , it should not be surprising that their cult images could likely be found as part of the divine entourage in temples at Kharga , Kellis , Deir el-Hagar , Koptos , Dendera , Philae , Sebennytos , Busiris , Shenhur , El Qa'la , Letopolis , Heliopolis , Abydos , Thebes , Dakleh Oasis , and indeed throughout Egypt . In most cases , Nephthys found their typical place as part of a triad alongside Osiris and Isis , Isis and Horus , Isis and Min , or as part of a quartet of deities .
In popular culture
References
See also
Hapi ( Son of Horus )
287 Nephthys
External links
Alcohol goddesses
Childhood goddesses
Deities of wine and beer
Egyptian death goddesses
Death goddesses
Health goddesses
Magic goddesses
Night goddesses
Avian humanoids
Bitan can refer to :
Bitan , Xindian District , New Taipei , Taiwan
Yeinot Bitan , Israeli supermarket chain
David Bitan , Israeli lawyer and politician
Sylvain Bitan , Turkish athlete
In computer science , an integer literal is a kind of literal for an integer whose value is directly represented in source code . For example , in the assignment statement x = 1 , the string 1 is an integer literal indicating the value 1 , while in the statement x = 0x10 the string 0x10 is an integer literal indicating the value 16 , which is represented by 10 in hexadecimal ( indicated by the 0x prefix ) .
By contrast , in x = cos ( 0 ) , the expression cos ( 0 ) evaluates to 1 ( as the cosine of 0 ) , but the value 1 is not literally included in the source code . More simply , in x = 2 + 2 , the expression 2 + 2 evaluates to 4 , but the value 4 is not literally included . Further , in x = `` 1 '' the `` 1 '' is a string literal , not an integer literal , because it is in quotes . The value of the string is 1 , which happens to be an integer string , but this is semantic analysis of the string literal – at the syntactic level `` 1 '' is simply a string , no different from `` foo '' .
Parsing
Recognizing a string ( sequence of characters in the source code ) as an integer literal is part of the lexical analysis ( lexing ) phase , while evaluating the literal to its value is part of the semantic analysis phase . Within the lexer and phrase grammar , the token class is often denoted integer , with the lowercase indicating a lexical-level token class , as opposed to phrase-level production rule ( such as ListOfIntegers ) . Once a string has been lexed ( tokenized ) as an integer literal , its value can not be determined syntactically ( it is just an integer ) , and evaluation of its value becomes a semantic question .
Integer literals are generally lexed with regular expressions , as in Python .
Evaluation
As with other literals , integer literals are generally evaluated at compile time , as part of the semantic analysis phase . In some cases this semantic analysis is done in the lexer , immediately on recognition of an integer literal , while in other cases this is deferred until the parsing stage , or until after the parse tree has been completely constructed . For example , on recognizing the string 0x10 the lexer could immediately evaluate this to 16 and store that ( a token of type integer and value 16 ) , or defer evaluation and instead record a token of type integer and value 0x10 .
Once literals have been evaluated , further semantic analysis in the form of constant folding is possible , meaning that literal expressions involving literal values can be evaluated at the compile phase . For example , in the statement x = 2 + 2 after the literals have been evaluated and the expression 2 + 2 has been parsed , it can then be evaluated to 4 , though the value 4 does not itself appear as a literal .
Affixes
Integer literals frequently have prefixes indicating base , and less frequently suffixes indicating type . For example , in C++ 0x10ULL indicates the value 16 ( because hexadecimal ) as an unsigned long long integer .
Common prefixes include :
0x or 0X for hexadecimal ( base 16 ) ;
0 , 0o or 0O for octal ( base 8 ) ;
0b or 0B for binary ( base 2 ) .
Common suffixes include :
l or L for long integer ;
ll or LL for long long integer ;
u or U for unsigned integer .
These affixes are somewhat similar to sigils , though sigils attach to identifiers ( names ) , not literals .
Digit separators
In some languages , integer literals may contain digit separators to allow digit grouping into more legible forms . If this is available , it can usually be done for floating point literals as well . This is particularly useful for bit fields and makes it easier to see the size of large numbers ( such as a million ) at a glance by subitizing rather than counting digits . It is also useful for numbers that are typically grouped , such as credit card number or social security numbers . Very long numbers can be further grouped by doubling up separators .
Typically decimal numbers ( base-10 ) are grouped in three digit groups ( representing one of 1000 possible values ) , binary numbers ( base-2 ) in four digit groups ( one nibble , representing one of 16 possible values ) , and hexadecimal numbers ( base-16 ) in two digit groups ( each digit is one nibble , so two digits are one byte , representing one of 256 possible values ) . Numbers from other systems ( such as id numbers ) are grouped following whatever convention is in use .
Examples
In Ada , C # ( from version 7.0 ) , D , Eiffel , Go ( from version 1.13 ) , Haskell ( from GHC version 8.6.1 ) , Java ( from version 7 ) , Julia , Perl , Python ( from version 3.6 ) , Ruby , Rust and Swift , integer literals and float literals can be separated with an underscore ( _ ) . There can be some restrictions on placement ; for example , in Java they can not appear at the start or end of the literal , nor next to a decimal point . Note that while the period , comma , and ( thin ) spaces are used in normal writing for digit separation , these conflict with their existing use in programming languages as radix point , list separator ( and in C/C++ , the comma operator ) , and token separator .
Examples include :
int oneMillion = 1_000_000 ;
int creditCardNumber = 1234_5678_9012_3456 ;
int socialSecurityNumber = 123_45_6789 ;
In C++14 ( 2014 ) , the apostrophe character may be used to separate digits arbitrarily in numeric literals . The underscore was initially proposed , with an initial proposal in 1993 , and again for C++11 , following other languages . However , this caused conflict with user-defined literals , so the apostrophe was proposed instead , as an `` upper comma '' ( which is used in some other contexts ) .
auto integer_literal = 1'000'000 ;
auto binary_literal = 0b0100'1100'0110 ;
auto very_long_binary_literal =
0b0000'0001'0010'0011 '' 0100'0101'0110'0111 ;
Notes
References
Literal
Source code
Daphne Cérès Jongejans ( born June 22 , 1965 in Badhoevedorp , North Holland ) is a retired female diver from the Netherlands , who represented their native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics : 1984 , 1988 and 1992 .
Background
Jongejans ' best Olympic performance was finishing in eighth place at the 1988 Summer Olympics , in the women 's 3 metres springboard event . Them younger brother Edwin was also a well-known international diver . They won the world title in the men 's 1 metre springboard event at the 1991 World Aquatic Championships in Perth , Western Australia .
They are a graduate of the University of Miami , and is in their sports hall of fame .
They are married to Scott Bousquet and has two children . They reside outside of Atlanta , Georgia and works as an event planner .
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Dutch female divers
Divers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Divers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Divers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic divers of the Netherlands
People from Haarlemmermeer
Miami Hurricanes women 's divers
Sportspeople from North Holland
Bageye at the Wheel is a 2012 novel by British author Colin Grant , giving a semi-autobiographical account of 1970s ' Luton through the portrayal of the lead character Clinton `` Bageye '' Grant , a Jamaican migrant to the UK . The story itself is one of observation of a period whereby a provincial town of immigrants ( a mixture of Irish , Asian and Caribbean ) and their larger families congregate , yet try to assimilate into a British culture which had not yet been accustomed to diversity among ethnicities . Nevertheless , this indifference to a somewhat unforgiving environment is neatly summed up by the unwavering , independent `` Bageye '' , who refuses to blend in but rather stand out as a linchpin for the so-called `` Windrush generation '' .
According to the review in The Guardian : `` In its toughness and tenderness , as well as its sensuous and telling details , Bageye at the Wheel is a father memoir that deserves to be as celebrated as Ian Jack 's essay `` Finished With Engines '' or Gary Imlach 's My Father and Other Working-Class Football Heroes . It 's a quietly unforgettable book about innocence and experience , about memory and cruelty – and the cruelty of memory . '' For Peter Carty in The Independent , `` a lot of the book 's appeal comes from Grant 's insider perspective on the Afro-Caribbean experience in the UK . '' Keith Bruce notes in The Herald : `` These pages are populated by a bunch of immigrant men who have bestowed Truman Capote-style nicknames on each other . There 's the popular Summer Wear ( really one Ian Dixon ) with their unseasonal clothing , the fastidious Tidy Boots and the tardy Soon Come . The opening chapters are stand-alone short stories about the domestic adventures of Bageye and these `` spars '' and are almost reminiscent of Tom Sawyer . ''
Colin Grant is a historian and BBC producer . They are also the author of Negro with a Hat , a biography of Marcus Garvey , and I & I : The Natural Mystics , a group biography of The Wailers , Bob Marley , Peter Tosh and Bunny Livingston .
References
English novels
2012 British novels
British autobiographical novels
Novels set in Bedfordshire
Luton
Jonathan Cape books
Marianafoot ( foaled 25 March 2015 ) is a French Thoroughbred racehorse . They won two minor races as a two-year-old in 2017 and two more races including the Listed Prix Luthier in the following year . In 2019 they won a valuable race in Qatar and a second Prix Luthier but appeared to be just below top-class as they were well-beaten when competing in Group races in Europe . After an injury disrupted 2020 campaign they emerged as a leading sprinter in the following year when they were unbeaten in seven races including the Prix Servanne , Prix du Palais-Royal , Prix de la Porte Maillot and Prix Maurice de Gheest .
Background
Marianafoot is a chestnut horse with a white sock on their left hind leg bred in France by their owner Jean-Claude Seroul . The colt was initially sent into training with Patrick Khozian .
They were one of the best horses sired by Footstepsinthesand who was undefeated in a brief racing career which included the 2000 Guineas in 2005 . Marianafoot 's dam Marianabaa showed modest racing ability in France but did better as a broodmare , producing the Listed winner Padron . They were a distant female-line descendant of Rare Treat , an American broodmare who was the ancestor of Golden Fleece , Earthlight . Lightning Spear and Be My Guest .
Racing career
2017 : two-year-old season
Marianafoot was ridden in both of their races as a two-year-old by Nicolas Perret . On their racecourse debut in the Prix de la Minadriere over 1400 metres on good to soft ground at Vichy Racecourse on 18 July they started at odds of 10.6/1 and won by half a length from Dark Side . On 2 September the colt started 11/10 favourite when they were stepped up in distance for the 1600 metres Prix des Cadets on the synthetic Polytrack surface at Cagnes-sur-Mer Racecourse and won again , beating the filly Ballet de la Reine by one and a half lengths .
2018 : three-year-old season
Marianafoot began their second campaign by finishing fifth over 1600 metres at Lyon-Parilly and then , with Perret in the saddle , won over 1400 metres on very soft ground at Toulouse on 1 June . In the summer they ran twice over 1200 metres at Deauville Racecourse running third in the Listed Prix Kistena in July and fourth when odds-on favourite for the Prix de la Huderie in August . Before their next start the horse was transferred to the training stable of Jerome Reynier . On their first run for their new trainer Marianafoot started 1.6/1 favourite for the Prix Jean de Tauriac over 1400 metres at Toulouse on 3 October and won by four and a half lengths from Diamond City . On the polytrack at Deauville on 16 December the colt started 3.8/1 second favourite for the Listed Prix Luthier over 1500 metres . Ridden by Pierre-Charles Boudot they recorded their first major win as they produced a strong late run and won by a head from Indyco .
2019 : four-year-old season
In early 2019 Marianafoot was sent to race in Qatar and on 22 February they were ridden by Boudot to a neck victory in the Irish Thoroughbred Marketing Cup over 1600 metres at Doha Racecourse . On their return to Europe the colt ran four times in high-class races over 1400 metres at Longchamp . They finished fifth to Hey Gaman in the Prix du Palais Royal in May , second to Polydream in the Prix de la Porte Maillot in July , fourth to City Light in the Prix du Pin in September and eleventh behind One Master in the Prix de la Foret in October . On their final run of the season they went off the 2.1/1 favourite as they attempted to repeat their 2018 success in the Prix Luthier at Deauville on 14 December . With Barzalona in the saddle they prevailed by one and three quarter lengths from Stunning Spirit with Indyco a further two and a half lengths back in third .
2020 : five-year-old season
In February 2020 Marianafoot returned to Qatar for a second run in the Irish Thoroughbred Marketing Cup but was beaten a short head into second place by Stunning Spirit , sustaining a joint injury in the process . They were off the track for more than nine months before returning to action in the Prix Flying Water over 1300 metres at Deauville in December . Ridden by Antonio Orani , they started the 1.2/1 favourite and won by half a length from Buridan .
2021 : six-year-old season
Marianafoot began their 2021 campaign with three races on polytrack . They made their first appearance as a six-year-old on 15 January when started odds on favourite for a minor race over 1500 metres at Marseille Pont-de-Vivaux Racecourse where they were ridden by Orani and won by two and a half lengths from J'Aurais Du . They went on to win the 1300 metre Prix Cirrus Des Aigles by three and a half lengths at Cagnes-sur-Mer in February and the Prix du Bat l'Eau over the same distance at Chantilly Racecourse in March . On 26 April Marianafoot was stepped back up to Listed class and returned to the turf for the Prix Servanne over 1200 metres at Chantilly and started the 2.5/1 second favourite in a nine-runner field . Ridden by Barzalona they recorded their fifth win in a row as they came home two and a half lengths clear of the favourite Queen of Love .
On 30 May at Longchamp Marianafoot made their second attempt to win the Prix du Palais-Royal , and went off the 1.9/1 second favourite behind the Prix du Muguet winner Duhail . Barzalona sent Marianfoot into the lead after 400 metres and the horse stayed on well to beat Duhail by a length . After the race Jerome Reynier said `` Marianafoot is a lovely horse , but ... they had to take it easy for nearly all of last year . But they came back maybe better than ever and we are very happy to win ... They can stretch to a mile if there is enough pace , but their ideal trip could be the Prix Maurice de Gheest , six and a half furlongs on a straight course and that is why we tried them last time over the straight course at Chantilly . They have done it well so they are in great shape and we need to keep them like that to try to win a Group 1 with him. ” On 1 July , over the same course and distance , Marianafoot started 1.5/1 favourite ahead of Duhail in the Prix de la Porte Maillot on very soft ground . They led from the start , went clear of their opponents 200 metres from the finish and won by one and a half lengths from Duhail despite being eased down by Barzalona in the final strides .
In the Group 1 Prix Maurice de Gheest over 1300 metres on soft ground at Deauville on 8 August , Marianafoot was partnered by Barzalona and went off the 8.9/1 third choice in the betting behind the joint-favourites Campanelle and Starman . The other nine contenders included Brando ( winner of the race in 2017 ) , Glen Shiel , Laws of Indices and Thunder Moon . After being restrained towards the rear of the field in the early stages Marianafoot began to make rapid progress entering the last 400 metres , overhauled Starman 150 metres from the finish and won by one and three quarter lengths . After the race Reynier said : `` The plan really worked beautifully . Over this distance we wanted to attack in the final 100 metres because we know they stay further and some of the others are pure sprinters . We wo n't rush to decide [ on their next race ] , but he 'll stay up here and they could run in the Prix Jacques le Marois , depending on how they come out of this and how the race shapes up . ''
Reynier opted to give Marianafoot a break before bringing them back in autumn for the Prix de la Foret but the horse was withdrawn from the race owing to the unsuitable ground conditions .
2022 : seven-year-old season
Marianafoot began their 2022 campaign by attempting to reproduce their success of the previous year in the Prix Cirrus des Aigles at Cagnes on 11 February but although they started favourite they sustained their first defeat in almost two years as they came home third behind King Gold and Elusive Foot . They failed to reproduce their six-year-old form in their next two starts as they finished sixth behind Prince Lancelot in the Prix Servanne and then ran second to Egot in the Prix du Palais-Royal .
Pedigree
References
2015 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in France
Racehorses trained in France
Thoroughbred family 8-c
The Annual Provincetown Jazz Festival was founded in 2005 and is held in Provincetown , which is the oldest continuous arts colony in the United States , and a portion of the proceeds are donated to JAZZ in the Schools program on Cape Cod .
Jazz musicians who have performed include Evan Christopher ( clarinet ) , Scott Robert Avidon ( sax ) , Billy Stritch ( piano & vocals ) , Molly Ringwald ( vocals ) , Kate McGarry ( vocals ) , Howard Alden ( guitar ) , Joe Muranyi ( clarinet ) , Greg Abate ( sax ) , Afro Bob Alliance , Shawnn Monteiro ( vocals ) , Suede ( vocals & trumpet ) , Rebecca Parris ( vocals ) , Nicki Parrott ( bass & vocals ) , Stephanie Jordan ( vocals ) , Lea DeLaria ( vocals ) , Zoe Lewis ( vocals ) , Lou Colombo ( trumpet ) , Jim Robitaille ( guitar ) , Janette Mason ( piano ) , Mary Ann McSweeney ( bass ) , Bruce Abbott ( sax ) , Matt Richard ( piano ) , John Harrison III ( piano ) , Dave Zinno ( bass ) , Bart Weisman ( drums ) , and Billy Stritch .
References
Jazz festivals in the United States
This page covers the period January - September 1985 . The rest of 1985 is covered in 1985-86 in Argentine football .
Nacional 1985
1985 featured the last ever edition of the Nacional championship . The structure of the tournament made it the most complicated championship in the history of the Argentine first division . The eventual champions were Argentinos Juniors who beat Vélez Sársfield in a 2nd final .
Group Stages ( 1st step )
The top two teams go through to the winners knockout , the bottom two go to the losers knockout .
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
2nd step
Winners knockout
The winners progressed to the winners QF , the losers enter the losers 3rd round .
Losers knockout
3rd step
Winners Quarter finals
Losers 3rd round
4th step
Winners Semi Finals
Losers 4th round
5th step
Winners final
Argentinos Juniors to play in the final
Vélez Sársfield progress to the losers final
Losers 5th round
6th step
Losers 6th round
7th step
Losers 7th round
8th step
Losers final
Vélez Sársfield to play in the final
Final
August 28 , 1985
As Argentinos Juniors had made it to the final without losing a game , the final had to be replayed to give them the 2nd chance that every other team had already had .
September 3 , 1985
References
Argentina final tables : 1980s by Osvaldo José Gorgazzi at rsssf .
Seasons in Argentine football
1985 in Argentine football
Dr. Eugene `` Gene '' Johnson is an American virologist who specializes in filoviruses like Ebola , and Marburg . Formerly of USAMRIID , the United States Army Medical Research Institute for Infectious Disease , they are currently on staff at the Armed Forces Medical Intelligence Center . While at USAMRIID , Johnson coordinated the first efforts to identify the vector for Marburg virus in Kitum cave , Kenya . They also participated in the joint Centers for Disease Control and Prevention/USAMRIID containment of the 1989 Reston Ebola outbreak near Washington DC .
References
Living people
American virologists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Pierre Christin ( ; born 27 July 1938 ) is a French comics creator and writer .
Biography
Christin was born at Saint-Mandé in 1938 .
After graduating from the Sorbonne , Christin pursued graduate studies in political science at SciencesPo and became a professor of French literature at the University of Utah , Salt Lake City . Their first comics story , Le Rhum du Punch , illustrated by their childhood friend Jean-Claude Mézières , was published in 1966 in Pilote magazine . Christin returned to France the following year to join the faculty of the University of Bordeaux . That year they again collaborated with Mézières to create the science-fiction series Valérian and Laureline for Pilote . The first episode was Les Mauvais Rêves ( Bad Dreams ) .
In addition to the ongoing Valerian , Christin has written several other comics one-shots , including The City That Did n't Exist ( La Ville qui n'existe pas ) , The Black Order Brigade ( Les Phalanges de l'ordre noir ) and The Hunting Party ( Partie de chasse ) ( all illustrated by Enki Bilal ) . Among the many European comics artist they have collaborated with are Enki Bilal , Jacques Tardi , Alexis , Raymond Poïvet , Jijé , Annie Goetzinger , Daniel Ceppi , and François Boucq . They have also written screenplays and science-fiction novels .
Awards
1976 : Angoulême International Comics Festival , Best French Author
1986 : Angoulême International Comics Festival , Library Readers Award , for La voyageuse de la petite ceinture
1995 : Haxtur Awards , Spain , nominated for Best Short Comic Strip , for El Círculo del poder ( The Circles of Power )
1997 : Angoulême International Comics Festival , Tournesol Award , for Les otages de l'Ultralum ( Hostages of the Ultralum )
1996 : Max & Moritz Prizes , Germany , Best International Writer
2019 : Angoulême International Comics Festival René Goscinny award
Notes
References
Pierre Christin publications in Pilote BDoubliées
Pierre Christin albums Bedetheque
External links
Pierre Christin biography on Lambiek Comiclopedia
1938 births
Living people
People from Saint-Mandé
French comics writers
Valérian and Laureline
French male writers
French graphic novelists
Mount Pleasant Hospital ( ) was a health facility in Mount Pleasant , Swansea , Wales .
History
The facility had its origins in the Swansea Union Workhouse which was opened in 1862 . A large female infirmary designed by Herbert Wills was added in 1903 . It became Mount Pleasant Hospital in 1929 and joined the National Health Service in 1948 . After services had transferred to Singleton Hospital , Mount Pleasant Hospital closed in 1995 , the site was subsequently sold to Swansea Housing Association and the buildings were converted into accommodation for housing association tenants in 1999 .
References
Defunct hospitals in Wales
Hospitals established in 1862
Hospital buildings completed in 1862
1862 establishments in Wales
Hospitals in Swansea
Willie Taylor ( born c. 1936 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and BC Lions . They won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964 . They played college football at Florida A & M University and was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the 1959 NFL draft ( Round 6 , # 61 ) .
References
1930s births
Living people
Players of American football from Tallahassee , Florida
American football guards
Florida A & M Rattlers football players
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football guards
BC Lions players
Hamilton Tiger Cubs players
The Chesterfield County Courthouse and Courthouse Square is a historic county courthouse complex located at Chesterfield , Virginia . The complex includes the old Chesterfield County Courthouse , built in 1917 ; the county clerk 's office buildings , dating from 1828 and 1889 ; and the old Chesterfield County Jail , constructed in 1892 and closed in 1960 . The 1917 courthouse is a one- and two-story red brick structure , fronted by a full-height portico , and topped by an octagonal belfry , in the Colonial Revival style .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 .
References
County courthouses in Virginia
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Chesterfield County , Virginia
Colonial Revival architecture in Virginia
Government buildings completed in 1917
Buildings and structures in Chesterfield County , Virginia
Ophiorrhabda mormopa is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Thailand , the Philippines , India , Sri Lanka , Sumatra , Borneo and Australia .
References
Moths described in 1906
Olethreutini
Rebecca Lucy Kitteridge ( born ) is the current director of the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service .
Life
Kitteridge attended Upper Hutt College , and is a graduate of Victoria University of Wellington .
They were Secretary of the Cabinet from 2008 to November 2013 . During the last six months of this time they were seconded to the GCSB to carry out a review of compliance systems and processes there , in response to concerns of illegal spying on Kim Dotcom .
On 25 March 2014 , Kitteridge was appointed a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order upon relinquishing their roles as Secretary of the Cabinet and Clerk of the Executive Council , and was invested by the Queen in a private ceremony at Buckingham Palace . In 2017 , Kitteridge won the Public Policy Award at the New Zealand Women of Influence Awards .
References
1960s births
Living people
New Zealand public servants
People educated at Upper Hutt College
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
New Zealand Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
New Zealand Women of Influence Award recipients
Kolonia Ostrowicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland . It lies approximately south-west of Gniew , south of Tczew , and south of the regional capital Gdańsk .
For details of the history of the region , see History of Pomerania .
In 2006 , the village had a population of 610 . The sołectwo has an area of .
References
Kolonia Ostrowicka
Armenian law ( ) , that being the modern Legal system of Armenia ( ) , is a system of law acted in Armenia .
The modern legal system of Armenia was founded on September 21 , 1991 by the referendum on country 's independence and by the declaration of independence on 23 September 1991 . For the evolution of Armenian law this phase was a turning point in nation 's historical development , because it marked the beginning of the establishment of an independent , sustainable legal system guaranteeing human freedoms , rights , legitimate interests and welfare . The highest legal form for this new platform of interaction of the Armenian state and society – the Constitution of Armenia – was voted in the referendum from July 5 , 1995 .
The legal system of Armenia began and still shares the patterns and the characteristics that describe the legal systems of civil law countries . The Constitution of Armenia is based on the model of the French Constitution , and several principal aspects of the Civil Code of Armenia depict the model code of civil law elaborated for the Commonwealth of Independent States . In previous years the impact of German administrative legislation on the development of the relevant legal framework of Armenia has been obvious . Indeed , the legal system being built on new ideological and institutional merits continues to bear influence on various practices inherent to the legal procedures of Soviet Socialistic Republics .
The constitutional justice in Armenia is carried out by the Constitutional court , and by virtue of the article 92 of Constitution and the article 15th of Judicial Code it is the Cassation Court of Armenia which is vested in the formation of predictable and consistent jurisprudence .
Armenia is a secular state , which presupposes regulation of public relationships solely by the state enacted legal acts . However , in the absence of Armenian statehood , the Armenian Apostolic Church played and now continues to play an essential role in the protection of humanitarian values constituting an indivisible part of the moral-physiological foundations of the Armenian legal system . For the asupervisorstioned reason the wording of article 8.1 of Armenian Constitution states : “ …The Republic of Armenia recognizes the exclusive historical mission of the Armenian Apostolic Holy Church as a national church , in the spiritual life , development of the national culture and preservation of the national identity of the people of Armenia . ”
History of Law in Armenia
Legal System of Armenia and International Legal System
A specific form of rooting the principles , outlining the directions of the development of the legal system , and also entering into a dialogue with the nations that have an advanced legal culture is Armenia 's participation in bilateral and multilateral international treaties .
The international agreements become a constitutive part of the Armenian legal system when they are ratified or adopted by the relevant national authorities . Moreover , the wording of Article 6 of the Constitution indicates : “ If a ratified international treaty stipulates norms other than those stipulated in the laws , the norms of the treaty shall prevail . International treaties contradicting Constitution can not be ratified . ”
The consistent parts of Armenian legal system are almost all international treaties in the field of human rights and fundamental freedoms . In particular the following :
Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide
European Convention for the Prevention of Torture and Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment
European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms .
A comprehensive list of international treaties the Republic of Armenia has acceded/ratified may be found in the following Human Rights , 3rd edition .
The System of Law
The system of Armenian law is another component of the legal system . It comprises the structural elements such as norms , institutes , and branches that are classified based on various criteria . Thereby the branches of law are usually classified into public and private law or substantive and procedural ; the legal norms might take the form of norm-principles , norm-guarantees , norm-mechanisms , etc . Later the branches of Armenian Law are presented under the classification criteria of substantive and procedural law .
It is well known that the exploration of any system of law , with no exception of Armenian , starts with the study of theoretical legal sciences . On a certain level of generalization they uncover the anatomic structure and functional capacity of law , which are common for any type of legal system .
Substantive Law
Constitutional Law of RA
Civil Law of RA
Criminal Law of RA
Administrative Law of RA
Financial Law of RA
Labor Law of RA
Environmental Law of RA
Land Law of RA
Customs Law of RA
Family Law of RA
Penitentiary Law of RA
Procedural Law
RA Civil Procedure Law
RA Criminal Procedure Law
RA Administrative Procedure Law
The system of legislation
The system of legislation encompasses all the relevant legal acts regulating public and private relations within that legal system . One needs to differentiate the system of legislation from the system of law discussed above . The latter has an objective beginning and is aimed to the exploration of the objective content of legislation in force . The term “ system of legislation ” is applied broadly to refer to various legal acts of Armenia and , in a narrow definition , to refer to the laws adopted by the National Assembly of Armenia .
All acts of Armenian legal system are available via the following official web source ; www.arlis.am .
The alphabetically classified laws are available via the web-page of the National Assembly of Armenia ; www.parliament.am . The laws enacted before 2001 are available also in English and Russian translations .
The decisions of the Constitutional Court are available as well o the page of the Constitutional Court of Armenia –www.concourt.am . The www.datalex.am provides access to the judicial of Armenian courts
See also
Constitutional Court of Armenia
Crime in Armenia
Police of Armenia
Politics of Armenia
Prosecutor General of Armenia
References
Further reading
External links
National Assembly of Armenia
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide
European Convention for the Prevention of Torture and Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment
European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms
Legislation on the Independence of the Judiciary in Armenia
Armenia , Globalex
Armenian law
Nimantha Perera ( born Kariyapperuma Athukoralage Sajeewa Nimantha Perera on 9 November 1981 ) is a Sri Lankan cricketer . They are a right-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who plays for Police Sports Club . They were born in Ampara .
Perera has made a single first-class appearance for the side , in the 2008-09 season , against Panadura Sports Club . They scored 9 runs in the first innings in which they batted , and three runs in the second . They also played in one List A match in the same season .
References
External links
Nimantha Perera at Cricket Archive
1981 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Police Sports Club cricketers
People from Eastern Province , Sri Lanka
Lurabee Glacier ( ) is a glacier long , flowing northeast between the Scripps Heights and Finley Heights to the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica . This glacier was discovered by Sir Hubert Wilkins on December 20 , 1928 , on their pioneer Antarctic flight . They named it `` Lurabee Channel '' for Lurabee Shreck of San Francisco , in recognition of their aid in procuring equipment for this and an earlier Arctic flight , and for their editorial assistance on their book Flying the Arctic . The term channel has been amended to glacier , in keeping with the true nature of the feature .
See also
Hogmanay Pass
References
Glaciers of Palmer Land
`` `` ( Our Father in Heaven ) is a Lutheran hymn in German by Martin Luther . They wrote the paraphrase of the Lord 's Prayer in 1538 , corresponding to their explanation of the prayer in their ( Small Catechism ) . They dedicated one stanza to each of the seven petitions and framed it with an opening and a closing stanza , each stanza in six lines . Luther revised the text several times , as extant manuscript show , concerned to clarify and improve it . They chose and possibly adapted an older anonymous melody , which was possibly associated with secular text , after they had first selected a different one . Other hymn versions of the Lord 's Prayer from the 16th and 20th-century have adopted the same tune , known as `` Vater unser '' and `` Old 112th '' .
The hymn was published in Leipzig in 1539 in Valentin Schumann 's hymnal , with a title explaining `` The Lord 's Prayer briefly expounded and turned into metre '' . It was likely first published as a broadsheet .
The hymn was translated into English in several versions , for example `` Our Father , Thou in Heaven Above '' by Catherine Winkworth in 1863 and `` Our Father , Lord of Heaven and Earth '' by Henry J. de Jong in 1982 . In the current German hymnal ( EG ) it is number 344 .
Text
Below is the German text from the 1539 Gesangbuch of Valentin Schumann with the English translation by George MacDonald .
Hymn tune
Below is the hymn tune from Valentin Schumann 's Gesangbuch of 1539 ( Zahn No . 2561 ) .
In English-language publications , the tune has also appeared with various unrelated texts , and its use in English and Scottish Psalters as a setting for Psalm 112 has led to the tune being referred to as `` Old 112th '' in some hymnals . The original rhythm is also sometimes altered , as for example in a harmonisation by Johann Sebastian Bach :
Use in musical compositions
Numerous composers used the hymn tune , some also the text . There are choral settings by Orlando di Lasso , Michael Praetorius and Samuel Scheidt . Johann Ulrich Steigleder composed 40 three-part variations on the hymn tune and published them as a Tabulaturbuch in Strasbourg in 1627 . Amongst those who set it as a chorale prelude for organ are Michael Praetorius , Jacob Praetorius , Samuel Scheidt and Heinrich Scheidemann . Johann Pachelbel included a chorale prelude in their liturgical collection Erster Theil etlicher Choräle .
Dieterich Buxtehude set the hymn twice as a chorale prelude . The freely composed chorale prelude BuxWV 207 has three separate verses : the first two for manuals alone have one or two quasi-improvisatory voices accompanying a plain cantus firmus ; the third verse is a four-part setting for two manuals and pedal with a highly ornamented cantus firmus in the soprano voice . The cantus firmus is also elaborately developed in Buxtehude 's ornamental choral prelude BuxWV 219 for two manuals and pedal .
Georg Böhm also set the hymn twice as a chorale prelude ( formerly misattributed to Bach as BWV 760 and 761 ) , in addition to a setting as an organ partita .
Johann Sebastian Bach used the hymn tune in several of their chorale preludes for organ . One early setting ( BWV 737 ) can be found in the collection of Neumeister Chorales . There is a four-part setting BWV 636 in their Orgelbüchlein ( Little Organ Book ) . Bach 's late Clavier-Übung III ( German Organ Mass ) contains a pair of settings BWV 682-683 : an elaborate one for five voices with the cantus firmus in canon over a trio sonata ritornello ; and a shorter four-part setting for single manual . In their choral works , Bach used the melody in their cantata Es reißet euch ein schrecklich Ende , BWV 90 ( 1723 ) , the chorale cantata Nimm von uns , Herr , du treuer Gott , BWV 101 ( 1724 ) and cantata Herr , deine Augen sehen nach dem Glauben , BWV 102 ( 1726 ) , and stanza 4 ( ) in their St John Passion ( 1724 ) ( BWV 416 is an earlier version of the same harmonisation ) .
Felix Mendelssohn included the melody in their Sixth Organ Sonata . Max Reger composed a chorale prelude as No . 39 of their 52 Chorale Preludes , Op . 67 in 1902 .
See also
List of hymns by Martin Luther
References
Bibliography
16th-century hymns in German
Hymn tunes
Hymns by Martin Luther
1538 works
The 2016–17 Northern Colorado Bears men 's basketball team represented the University of Northern Colorado during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Bears were led by first-year head coach Jeff Linder and played their home games at Bank of Colorado Arena in Greeley , Colorado . They were members of the Big Sky Conference . They finished the season 11–18 , 7–11 in Big Sky play to finish in a tie for eighth place . On October 8 , 2016 , the school self-imposed a postseason ban amid an ongoing NCAA investigation .
Previous season
The Bears finished the 2015–16 season 10–21 , 7–11 in Big Sky play to finish in ninth place . They lost to Portland State in the First Round of the Big Sky Tournament .
On April 21 , 2016 , the school fired head coach B. J. Hill amid an NCAA investigation into `` serious and concerning '' allegations of violations within the program . On May 1 , the school hired Jeff Linder as head coach .
Departures
Incoming Transfers
2016 incoming recruits
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
! colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
! colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
! colspan=9 style=| Big Sky regular season
References
Northern Colorado Bears men 's basketball seasons
Northern Colorado
Northern Colorado Bears men 's basketball
Northern Colorado Bears men 's basketball
The Coast Is Clear is the debut album by Canadian indie rock band In-Flight Safety , released on January 24 , 2006 on Dead Daisy Records and distributed by Outside Music . The album was recognized by the music industry , with the group winning three awards at the 2006 Nova Scotia Music Awards , including Album of the Year . In 2007 , they won three East Coast Music Awards , including Group Recording of the Year for this album . The music video for `` Coast Is Clear '' was nominated for Video of the Year at the 2007 Juno Awards . Lead vocalist and guitarist John Mullane wrote the lyrics for each song .
Recording
Recorded at a number of studios in Vancouver and Halifax , the album was self-produced by the band . Drums on tracks 1 , 2 , 7 , 9 , and 10 were recorded by Laurence Currie at Sonic Temple Studio , Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada . The assistant engineer was Darren van Niekerk . Bass was recorded by Currie at Idea of East , Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada with Craig Sperry as assistant engineer . Technical support was provided by Michael Ryan .
Pre-production for the remainder of the album was done by Wayne Livesey at The Rockspace , former home to Little Mountain Sound Studios , Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . Drums and bass were recorded by Livesey at Mushroom Studios , Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . Additional recording ( also by Livesey ) was done at The Shed , Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . The second engineer was Joel Livesey .
Packaging
Album design was done by In-Flight Safety . The painting of the girl ( on the reverse side ) is by Andrzej Michael Karwacki . Karen Baer provided the band photo on the inside sleeve .
Track listing
All lyrics by John Mullane . Music written by In-Flight Safety except as noted .
`` Coast Is Clear ''
`` Time & Place ''
`` Surround '' ( In-Flight Safety , Jon Sheen )
`` A Lot to Learn '' ( In-Flight Safety , Sheen )
`` Letting Go ''
`` Turn Me Around ''
`` Fear ''
`` The World Wo n't ''
`` Silent Treatment ''
`` Lost ( The March Song ) ''
Personnel
In-Flight Safety :
Brad Goodsell – bass , gang vocals
Daniel Ledwell – piano , organ , Mellotron , glockenspiel , backing vocals
John Mullane – vocals , guitars , glockenspiel
Glen Nicholson – drums , gang vocals
Guest musicians :
Jon Sheen – Rhodes , mellotron
Jill Barber – additional vocals
Rose Cousins – additional vocals
Jenn Grant – additional vocals
Production :
Joa Carvalho - mastering
John Mullane , In-Flight Safety - Mixing
Daniel Ledwell , John Mullane - overdub recording at Northern Electron Studios , Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada
Karen Baer - band photo inside sleeve
References
External links
In-Flight Safety official website
2006 albums
In-Flight Safety albums
The white-tipped quetzal ( Pharomachrus fulgidus ) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae found in Venezuela , Colombia , and Guyana . Two subspecies have been described . Pharomachrus fulgidus fulgidus is found in the mountains of northern Venezuela and Pharomachrus fulgidus festatus ranges through the Santa Marta mountains of northeast Colombia . Quetzals are iridescent and colourful birds found in forests , woodlands and humid highlands . The white-tipped quetzal has been a limited subject of research . Pharomachrus nests have been studied to analyse the effects of rainfall on breeding , however conclusions are based on single observations . On the IUCN Red list of threatened species , the white-tipped quetzal is listed as a species of the least concern .
Identification
Morphology
The adult male white-tipped quetzal is identified by a golden , green-bronze crown and nape with bright green breast , back , rump and upper tail-coverts . The male bill is butter yellow and feet are brownish-black . The under tail-coverts and belly are a striking red , wings and upper tail are black with the under tail appearing white , thus the ‘ white-tipped ' descriptive name . These broad , white backed outer rectrices occupy about a third of their length . The male has elongated feathers on the forehead , creating a short crest . The white tips of outermost rectrix are 50 mm long , next 55mm , and next 32 mm long .
Adult females are less iridescent , with no frontal crest and the throat , belly and breast appearing brown-grey bordered by a green band . The female bill and feet are yellowish-brown to grey and their three outermost rectrices are also narrowly tipped with white .
In immature birds , both male and female chicks have remiges , scapulars and wing coverts intermixed with buff , outer rectrices infused with white and feathers more narrow and pointed than adults . Immature females have a brown breast .
Trogons are the only birds with a heterodactyl toe arrangement .
Vocalisations
Hilty and colleagues ( 1986 ) describe the voice as a loud kirra , or kirra , kip , and when excited kier , kip-kip-kip-a .
Habitat
The white-tipped quetzal can be found in Columbia , Venezuela and Guyana and the species is endemic to the northern South America . In Columbia and Venezuela they appear in upper tropical and subtropical zones . The white-tipped quetzal occurs in a wide variety of habitats from subtropical to temperate forests , cloud forests , secondary growth , forest edges , moist ravines and coffee plantations . Like the golden-headed and crested quetzals , they are cloud forest birds . They are rarer in Guyana , however they have been seen inhabiting the most dense areas in the barrancas ( deep ravines ) of forests .
Due to the lack of observations on the white-tipped quetzal , it is unknown why they favour these environments , however it is likely due to the temperate , humid conditions , the availability of berries and the ability to find small crevices in these areas to nest in .
Ecology
Breeding predominantly occurs towards the end of the dry season , between January and April . It is thought that the quetzal 's reproductive cycle is directly correlated with fruit availability . Reproductive activities including courtship , nesting and chick rearing occur when fruits are most abundant in the forest conditions . This aids the species during energy-demanding phases of their life which may increase the probability of successful reproduction .
White-tipped quetzal nests are usually located in isolated , non-native trees , sometimes in previous holes of woodpeckers and often in dead tree trunks 4–10m above the ground . Nests have been observed in an old cavity , excavated by a Woodpecker , in a dead snag , approximately 5 m above the ground at an elevation of 1600 m. They can also nest in termite nests , laying 2–4 white or pastel-coloured eggs and there were subtle differences in egg color and size .
First breeding is usually at one to two years of age . The altricial young hatch naked , quickly molting into their immature plumage without a significant downy stage . This is fast , naked-to-feathered progression may be an ancestral characteristic or a result of nesting in cavities where the temperature is constant and down is not needed for temperature regulation . The species fledges in around three weeks and obtains adult plumage after their second prebasic molt .
There is little data on the survival rates and competition of the white-tipped quetzal however its IUCN status suggests that the population is stable .
Diet
The white-tipped quetzal feeds on fruits and berries and has been observed collecting these by means of sallying from a perch . One individual has also been seen eating a large lizard on at least one occasion . Their wide bills and weak legs reflect their diet within arboreal areas .
Behaviour
The specific behavioural habits of the white-tipped quetzal have not been studied in detail . However , it is presumed that they partake in the general behavioural patterns of the trogon family . The white-tipped quetzal is a fast flyer , but reluctant to fly long distances . Trogons are generally non-migratory . Some species undertake partial local movements , however it is presumed that the white-tipped quetzal is a sedentary species .
Trogons are usually inactive outside of intermittent feeding flights . They find food by the most commonly used technique for Trogons , which is a sally-glean flight where a trogon flies from a perch to its target on a branch or within foliage . Once it has arrived at its target the bird hovers and then grabs the item before returning to its original perch to consume the seed or berry .
It has been noted that although the White-tipped quetzal is striking and beautiful , it has few to no further engaging qualities . This lack of activity is presumably a defence against predation , likely to compensate for their famous bright feathers . Trogons have been observed moving from branch to branch , keeping their brightly coloured feathers sheltered from potential observers while also keeping watch using their flexible necks , which can turn through 180 degrees . These anti-predatory techniques provide an effective camouflage within their natural wooded habitats .
Threats
Predators of the White-tipped quetzal have not been recorded , however Trogons have reportedly been preyed upon by predatory mammals and hawks . One report of a Resplendent quetzal taken , while caring for chicks , by a margay .
Pharomachrus quetzals are also at risk of parasites , similar to those who live on songbirds or pigeons in the same general area . Ornithoctona nitens , native to neotropical America , appears to be a parasite specific to the family Trogonidae .
The white-tipped quetzal nests in old tree cavities , potentially limiting the population . The availability of nesting sites can often limit the reproductive and survival rates of birds within such populations . Habitat loss has also been found to be an increased threat for species in the Americas and the Cordillera de Caripe and Paria , where White-tipped quetzals abide , is currently threatened by the destruction of natural habitats . The destruction of forested areas in the Neotropics largely threatens wood-cavity nesting birds as the use of their nesting sites directly relies on the presence of trees . Even sustainable forestry practices , for example the removal of dead trees , will increase the risk of population declines in wood-cavity nesting birds .
Population and Conservation
Population size and distribution
The white-tipped quetzal is endemic to the Americas . The species occurs at altitudes of 900–1900 m in Venezuela , in the coastal cordillera from Yaracuy to Miranda , to the middle cordillera on Cerro Golfo Triste and spreading to the eastern cordillera in Anzoátegui , the northern Monagas , and Sucre east to Cerro Humo .
The species is also found at altitudes of 1500–2500 m , distributed through Colombia 's Santa Marta mountains in the Sierra Nevada . However , a white-tipped quetzal was reported at an elevation of 725–775 m in a cafetel in Cucuchica , Venezuela , which suggests that the species has a greater range of distribution than has been observed .
The white-tipped quetzal is also native to Guyana , however its status there is unclear and the distribution of its population there has not been documented . This is likely due to the species inhabiting the most dense and savage areas and barrancas of the tropical forests .
Though it has the smallest distribution of any quetzal , it is fairly common within the ranges where it is found . Due to the lack of studies on the white-tipped quetzal , specific population numbers have not been predicted .
Status and Conservation
Although the white-tipped quetzal may have a restricted range , it is not predicted to approach the boundary for Vulnerable under the range size criteria , the population trend criteria or the population size criteria . This is because the species population is not declining or fluctuating , their habitat quality is stable and their population structure is firm and not subject to fragmentation . For these reasons the white-tipped quetzal is listed as a species of The Least Concern on the IUCN Red list of threatened species . This means that no conservation strategies for the white-tipped quetzal or its habitats are planned or taking place . However it is noted that more research must be done on the species and its population statistics .
References
External links
Photo ; Article sunbirdtours
white-tipped quetzal
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
white-tipped quetzal
Taxa named by John Gould
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vilhelm Ekelund ( October 14 , 1880 – September 3 , 1949 ) was a Swedish poet .
Career
The works of Ekelund were influenced by Friedrich Hölderlin , Friedrich Nietzsche , and Emanuel Swedenborg . Their early career was lyrical , and though not widely recognized at the time , their poetic work , almost wholly produced in the first decade of the century , became a formative influence on many later Swedish poets . Their grasp of rhythmic and musical qualities in verse and their concentrated imagery propelled their poetry into increasingly ambitious forms , soon moving from bound to free verse , and making it a vital model for later writers such as Karin Boye , Erik Lindegren , Gunnar Björling and others .
From 1907 , after an affair with Amelie Posse and an increasing conviction that poetry was an unsatisfactory , vain medium , they turned away from poems and devoted themselves to essays and aphoristic prose in a highly personal and sometimes near impenetrable style .
Works
Melodier i skymning ( 'Melodies at Dusk ' , 1902 )
Havets stjärna ( 'Star of the Sea ' , 1906 )
Antikt ideal ( 'The Ancient Ideal ' , 1909 )
Böcker och vandringar ( 'Books and Wanderings ' , 1910 )
På havsstranden ( 'On the Sea Shore ' , 1922 )
Notes
References
Lilja Norrlind , Eva , Studier i svensk fri vers : den fria versen hos Vilhelm Ekelund och Edith Södergran ( `` '' Studies in Swedish free verse ; the free metrics of Vilhelm Ekelund and Edith Södergran '' , Göteborg 1981 )
Werin , Algot , Vilhelm Ekelund I-II ( Lund 1960-61 )
External links
1880 births
1949 deaths
Swedish poets
20th-century Swedish poets
Inga is a 1968 Swedish sexploitation film directed by Joseph W. Sarno . Three years later , Sarno also directed the sequel The Seduction of Inga .
Plot
After their mother dies , Inga is sent to live with their Machiavellian Aunt Greta , who attempts to set them up as the mistress of a wealthy older man in order to pay off debts . The plan backfires when Karl , Greta 's young lover , falls in love with Inga and runs away with them
Cast
Marie Liljedahl as Inga Frilund
Monica Strömmerstedt as Greta Johansson , Inga 's aunt
Thomas Ungewitter as Einar Nilsson , editor-in-chief
Anne-Lise Myhrvold as Dagmar
Casten Lassen as Karl Nistad , young writer
Else-Marie Brandt as Frida Dagheim , maid
Sissi Kaiser as Sigrid Nilsson , feature editor
Rose-Marie Nilsson
Curt Ericson as Hallstroem , boat salesperson ( as Kurt Eriksson )
Lennart Norbäck as Lothar Bjoerkson
Lotta Persson as Uta Dahlberg , judge
Anders Beling as Birger
Annabel Reis as Olga
Ulf Rönnquist as Tor
Kitty Kurkinen as Helga Lindqvist , young writer
Censorship
The Italian Committee for the Theatrical Review of the Italian Ministry of Cultural Heritage and Activities did not approve the release of Inga in Italy . The reason for the denial , cited in the official documents , is : the immorality of its characters and the subject , and the numerous sexual scenes that they considered offensive to decency . Two years later , in 1971 , the Movie Reviewing Commission , approved the projection of the movie , but rated it as VM18 : not suitable for children under 18 . In addition , the Committee imposed the removal of the following scenes : 1 ) the scene of the ritual of the Virgin ( trial ) ; 2 ) the scene in which Inga masturbates ; 3 ) the scene in which Inga and the young man see each other for the third time and are in bed .
References
External links
1968 films
Films directed by Joseph W. Sarno
English-language Swedish films
Sexploitation films
Golan-Globus films
1960s English-language films
1960s Swedish films
Markus Foser ( born 31 January 1968 ) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics .
Foser is most notable for their sole win on the Alpine skiing World Cup , achieved in the Val Gardena downhill in December 1993 from a bib number of 66 in changing conditions . This was the first World Cup downhill win for a male skier from Liechtenstein . They scored two more top ten finishes on the World Cup , both in downhill - a seventh place in Aspen , Colorado in March 1994 and a fourth in the 1995 edition of the Val Gardena downhill .
References
External links
sports-reference.com
1968 births
Living people
Liechtenstein male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Liechtenstein
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Røvika is a village in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway . The village is located at the end of the Karlsøyfjorden on the Romsdal Peninsula , about southeast of the town of Molde and about north of the villages of Nesjestranda and Sølsnes . The village sits along the Norwegian County Road 64 , at the eastern end of the Bolsøy Bridge . Røvik Church is located in the village .
References
Villages in Møre og Romsdal
Molde
The 32nd Oregon Legislative Assembly was the biannual session of the bicameral state legislature held in the state of Oregon in 1923 .
House members
Speaker of the House : K.K . Kubli ( R–18 Portland ) .
Senate members
Senate President : Jay H. Upton ( R–17 Prineville )
See also
Government of Oregon
References
1923 in Oregon
1924 in Oregon
32
1923 U.S. legislative sessions
1924 U.S. legislative sessions
`` I Got This '' is a song performed by American R & B singer and songwriter Jennifer Hudson . It was released as the third single in the United States from their second studio album , I Remember Me ( 2011 ) . It was written by Tor Erik Hermansen , Mikkel Erikssen , Crystle Johnson and Mats Lie Skare , with production by StarGate . It was recorded by Mikkel S. Eriken and Miles Walker at Roc The Mic Studios , New York , NYC . It was released to the United States contemporary hit radio on October 30 , 2011 .
Background and promotion
On September 21 , 2011 , the song was confirmed to be the next single from the album following `` Where You At '' and `` No One Gon na Love You '' in an interview with ABC . On October 25 , 2011 , Hudson released an audio video of the song on their VEVO channel .
Chart performance
On March 12 , 2012 , the song peaked at number fifty-four on the Billboard Hot R & B/Hip Hop Songs Chart . On March 17 , 2012 , the song peaked at number eleven on the Adult R & B Songs Chart .
Charts
References
External links
JenniferHudsonOnline.com — official site
I Got This ( audio ) - I Got This ( audio ) on YouTube
2011 singles
Jennifer Hudson songs
Songs written by Tor Erik Hermansen
Songs written by Mikkel Storleer Eriksen
Song recordings produced by Stargate ( record producers )
Arista Records singles
2011 songs
Songs written by Crystal Nicole
Whyte 's barbet ( Stactolaema whytii ) is a species of bird in the family Lybiidae ( African barbets ) . It is found in Malawi , Mozambique , Tanzania , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the naturalist Alexander Whyte , who collected in what is now Malawi .
The bird is 18–20.4 cm ( 7.1-8.0 inches ) long and weighs 51-63 grams ( 1.8-2.2 ounces ) . It is mainly brownish with a large black bill , head , and tail . The bird has a white malar mark , wings , and tail . There is also a small red spot under the malar mark .
Subspecies
Stactolaema whytii includes the following subspecies :
S. w. buttoni - ( White , CMN , 1945 )
S. w. stresemanni - ( Grote , 1934 )
S. w. terminata - ( Clancey , 1956 )
S. w. angoniensis - ( Benson , 1964 )
S. w. whytii - ( Shelley , 1893 )
S. w. sowerbyi - Sharpe , 1898
References
External links
Whyte 's barbet - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
https : //www.hbw.com/species/whytes-barbet-stactolaema-whytii
Whyte 's barbet
Birds of East Africa
Whyte 's barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
John James Spanish ( June 1 , 1922 – December 12 , 2011 ) was an American politician , mechanic , and miner .
Biography
Spanish was born in Hibbing , Minnesota and graduated from Hibbing High School . They also went took University of Minnesota vocational extension classes . Spanish served in the United States Navy during World War II . Spanish worked as a mechanic , machinists , and in the iron ore mine . They served on the Hibbing Village Council and was a Democrat . Spanish served in the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1969 and 1970 and from 1973 to 1978 . In 2004 , they ran for election to the Minnesota House of Representatives on the Independence Party of Minnesota ticket and lost the election . Spanish died at the St. Raphael 's Rehabilitation Center in Eveleth , Minnesota .
Notes
External links
1922 births
2011 deaths
People from Hibbing , Minnesota
Military personnel from Minnesota
American miners
University of Minnesota alumni
Minnesota Democrats
Independence Party of Minnesota politicians
Minnesota city council members
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Hibbing High School alumni
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Gelati Cecchi is an Italian gelato company founded in 1936 by Gabriello Cecchi in Turin . Today the company is led by grandson Stefano Cecchi .
History
1936-1950
In 1936 , Gabriello Cecchi moved to Turin . They were originally from Ponte Buggianese , in Tuscany , but they hailed from France , where they learned the art of making gelato from Italian immigrants . Assisted by their wife and their brother , Tancredi , they opened an gelato parlour in Corso Palestro with a seating capacity of 200 and a workshop attached . The business grew quickly , thanks also to their famous crema gialla custard flavour , considered the best in Turin at the time . This particular type of vanilla , a flavour that no one ever managed to reproduce , was Gabriello 's jewel in the crown . The glass sign featuring golden italics on an aquamarine background , which dominated the Corso Palestro parlour 's shop window – Cecchi Gelati Naturali – revealed only part of the secret . Gabriello did use top quality ingredients , but it was the formula they used to mix those ingredients that made their gelati so unforgettable . It was a time when gelato was booming ; it became a mass consumer good in the postwar years . Gelato recipes were perfected and new ways of eating it were invented . The usual steel cups used for serving it at tables were joined by wafer cones for eating it while strolling along . The three most important brands in Turin were Cecchi , Fiorio and Pepino . Then there were those who did n't have a shop yet and toured the city on a bicycle cart , such as Teofilo Sanson , who sold the gelato their close friend Gabriello provided them with .
1950-1960
At the end of the Second World War – during which Gabriello fought alongside the partisans ( he was the commander of the 77th Garibaldi Brigade in Italy and the Third International Brigade in Spain ) – Gelati Cecchi made a giant leap towards industrialisation . The gelato parlour in Corso Palestro was no longer big enough for its ambitious founder , who was in no doubt as to the quality of their products and wished to distribute them beyond the borders of Turin . New machines and technologies became available , hence the first production plant in Via Abate Chanoux was set up : an establishment that initially employed 40 people . Gelati Cecchi produced gelato lollies , cones , sandwiches and tubs . The workshop boasted modern pasteurising and freezing equipment supplied by Cecchi 's friends , Bruto and Poerio Carpigiani . A sales network of entrepreneurs was set up , selling and delivering gelato throughout the regions of Piedmont and Liguria . The increase in production was supported by Cecchi 's first simple promotional efforts .
1960-1973
In the Sixties , Gabriello Cecchi streamlined the company 's structure and focused on industry . They opened a new , modern , 3,000-metre production plant in Vinovo . Their son Raimondo , fresh out of law school , was now helping him . Gelati Cecchi grew till it employed 300 members of staff and boasted a network of 120 agents who supplied as many as 1,500 points of sale , expanding to cover the whole of northern Italy and part of the French Riviera . The brand was now a market leader and its marketing efforts attempted to find an image that would be more recognizable and up-to-date . This was how Cecchino , the cartoon that helped enliven the company 's message , came about . Cecchino decorated the fridges and enamel boards displayed at the entrance to the shops the company supplied and , next to him , customers found the gelati that had now been given their own special names : Capriccio , Canestrino , Secchiello , Mattonella , Graziella , Nobilino , Parigina , Canguro and Mela Cha Cha Cha . The company 's communication strategy could not fail to feature sport and Gelati Cecchi linked its name to Pallacanestro Biella , which competed in the A1 league and boasted talented players of the calibre of Rudy Bennett and Charlie Caglieris . The company once founded by Gabriello – who by now had been made a Cavaliere del Lavoro ( a knight of the Italian Order of Merit for Labour ) – had thus become one of the ten biggest Italian gelato companies and joined Motta , Alemagna , Besana , Algida , Chiavacci , Sammontana , Toseroni , Sanson and Tanara in setting up a trade association that was presided over by Raimondo Cecchi for a two-year stint . At the height of its success in the early 1970s and during a general phase of corporate take-overs , Gelati Cecchi was acquired by the Barilla Group through its subsidiary , Tanara , only to become part of the SME Group , alongside Motta and Alemagna .
1973-1993
Gabriello Cecchi became manager of the Italgel Group dealing with research and development . At the beginning of the 1980s a new brand was founded in gourmet cuisine which immediately met with the public 's approval : Antica Gelateria del Corso . The Knight has followed the development of the project step by step bringing forth unforgettable products such as the ice cream coconut , the gelato lemon and the famous tartufo ( truffle ) .
In 1993 , the Italgel group was sold for 475 billion lire to the Swiss multinational food corporation , Nestlé . The Cecchi family bowed out from the world of gelato forever , except for Silvano Moschini , the brother of the Knight 's wife , Luisa Cecchi , who kept the family tradition alive in their traditional gelato parlour in Via Nizza . And it 's thanks to Silvano that the secret of traditional gelato has reached us today ; a secret that has brought them international honour and Italian recognition in the Gambero Rosso and Slow Food guides .
2014
Stefano Gabriello Cecchi – Raimondo 's son and Gabriello 's grandson , the founder of a record company , a creator of luxury brands and a global marketing and communication consultant – decides to revive Gelati Cecchi using their grandfather 's formulas .
References
Ice cream brands
Dairy products companies of Italy
Manufacturing companies based in Turin
Anna Konstantinovna Vinogradova ( ) ( born 6 April 1991 ) is a Russian ice hockey goaltender .
International career
Vinogradova was selected for the Russia women 's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics . They did not dress for any of the games .
Vinogradova made one appearance for the Russia women 's national under-18 ice hockey team , at the IIHF World Women 's U18 Championships , in 2008 .
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
Eurohockey.com Profile
1991 births
Living people
Russian women 's ice hockey goaltenders
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Russia
Sportspeople from Chelyabinsk
The Tobler hyperelliptical projection is a family of equal-area pseudocylindrical projections that may be used for world maps . Waldo R. Tobler introduced the construction in 1973 as the hyperelliptical projection , now usually known as the Tobler hyperelliptical projection .
Overview
As with any pseudocylindrical projection , in the projection 's normal aspect , the parallels of latitude are parallel , straight lines . Their spacing is calculated to provide the equal-area property . The projection blends the cylindrical equal-area projection with meridians of longitude that follow a particular kind of curve known as superellipses or Lamé curves or sometimes as hyperellipses . The curve is described by . The relative weight of the cylindrical equal-area projection is given as α , ranging from all cylindrical equal-area with α = 1 to all hyperellipses with α = 0 .
When α = 0 and k = 1 the projection degenerates to the Collignon projection ; when α = 0 , k = 2 , and γ ≈ 1.2731 the projection becomes the Mollweide projection . Tobler favored the parameterization shown with the top illustration ; that is , α = 0 , k = 2.5 , and γ = 1.183136 .
See also
List of map projections
References
Map projections
Equal-area projections
Michael Schutzler ( born 1962 ) is the CEO of the Washington Technology Industry Association and former CEO of Livemocha , an online language learning community . They are also an author and business coach .
Schutzler 's tertiary education began at Pennsylvania State University . There , they earned a Bachelor of Science , in Electrical Engineering .
Since 2000 , they have served as CEO and senior executive in several Internet industry firms and services including Classmates.com , Monster Worldwide and RealNetworks .
In 2007 , Schutzler founded the business-coaching firm , CEOsherpa.com .
On 8 June 2010 , Schutzler was announced as the new CEO of Livemocha .
References
External links
Livemocha 's New CEO , Michael Schutzler , on Company Challenges , Culture , and the Evolution of Social Networks
1962 births
Living people
Penn State College of Engineering alumni
University of Rochester alumni
American chief executives
Gregory Dimitri Gadson ( born February 19 , 1966 ) is an American actor , motivational speaker , retired colonel in the United States Army and former commander of the U.S. Army Fort Belvoir garrison . They are also a bilateral above-the-knee amputee . They served in the U.S. Army for more than 20 years as a field artillery officer and served on active duty for Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm , Operation Joint Forge , Operation Enduring Freedom , and Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Education and military career
Gadson attended the United States Military Academy at West Point , New York , graduating in 1989 . They also hold a master 's degree in information systems from Webster University and a master 's degree in policy management from Georgetown University . They are a graduate of the Command and General Staff College and the Advanced Field Artillery Officers Course and in 2010 , they became an Army War College Fellow at the Institute of World Politics in Washington , D.C .
Assignments
Commander , U.S. Army Garrison , Fort Belvoir , Virginia
Director , Army Wounded Warrior Program , Alexandria , Virginia
2nd Battalion , 32nd Field Artillery .
4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team , 1st Infantry Division ( Fort Riley ) .
Battalion fire direction officer for 5th Battalion , 18th Field Artillery , III Corps at Fort Sill .
Division targeting officer , Headquarters and Headquarters Battery , 82nd Airborne Division Artillery .
Battalion adjutant , 3rd Battalion , 319th Airborne Field Artillery Regiment .
Battalion fire support officer , 1st Battalion , 504th Parachute Infantry Regiment .
Commander , Battery C , 3rd Battalion , 319th Airborne Field Artillery Regiment .
Commander , Headquarters and Headquarters Company , 82nd Airborne Division for the 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg .
Personnel distribution officer and human resources commander , Alexandria , Virginia .
Battalion operations officer , 2nd Battalion , 11th Field Artillery .
Operations officer , 25th Infantry Division , executive officer .
Special assistant to the commanding general , United States Army Pacific at Fort Shafter .
Deployments
Platoon fire direction officer , firing battery platoon leader ( Desert Shield/Desert Storm )
Chief of operations , Multinational Division North , Bosnia-Herzegovina , ( Stabilization Force XI ) , 25th Infantry Division ( Light )
25th Infantry Division Artillery , Forward Operating Base Salerno , Afghanistan ( Operation Enduring Freedom V )
Injury
On the night of May 7 , 2007 , while returning from a memorial service for two soldiers from their brigade , they lost both their legs and severely injured their right arm to a roadside bomb in Baghdad . They became one of the first military personnel to use a next-generation powered prosthetic knee with technology to make it possible for amputees to walk with confidence and with a more natural gait .
Military awards
Gadson is also authorized to wear the Combat Action Badge and the Master Parachutist Badge .
Civil awards
They won the prestigious Henry Viscardi Achievement Awards in 2017 given by Viscardi center to honour the extraordinary leaders with disabilities .
Athletics
Gadson played football at West Point between 1985 and 1988 , wearing the No . 98 jersey . In 2007 , they were present when the New York Giants beat the Washington Redskins at FedExField at the invitation of West Point classmate Mike Sullivan , who was then on the coaching staff of the New York Giants . This win was the beginning of a 10-game road winning streak and came after Gadson had made an inspirational speech to the team . The streak culminated in the Giants winning Super Bowl XLII . and in recognition for their contribution , Gadson received a specially minted Super Bowl ring . Gadson has since remained with the team as a motivational speaker .
Acting career
Gadson made their acting debut in Battleship , a 2012 American science fiction naval war film , as Lieutenant Colonel Mick Canales , playing a war veteran who regains their appetite for the fight when Oahu is threatened by an alien attack . Director Peter Berg , having seen news articles about Gadson , decided to cast them as an army officer trying to recover from the loss of their legs .
Photography
Gadson has been an avid photographer for many years . Their work has most recently been featured prominently in Coming Home : Journey , Community , Dialog , a public art project based in New York City that seeks to encourage communication between civilians and those who have served in the US military .
Filmography
Battleship ( 2012 ) – Lieutenant Colonel Mick Canales
The Inspectors ( 2015–2016 ) – David Cole ( 10 episodes )
`` A Journal for Jordan '' ( 2021 )
Uncredited
References
External links
West Point Class of 1989
1966 births
Living people
American amputees
United States Army colonels
United States Army personnel of the Iraq War
United States Army personnel of the Gulf War
United States Army personnel of the War in Afghanistan ( 2001–2021 )
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Military Academy alumni
People from Chesapeake , Virginia
American male film actors
21st-century American male actors
Male actors from Virginia
Military personnel from Virginia
20th-century American male actors
Army Black Knights football players
Rankin Glacier ( ) is a glacier about 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) long on the east side of Palmer Land . It flows southeast and then east along the south side of Schirmacher Massif to join the Cline Glacier just inland from the head of Odom Inlet . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) in 1974 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for John S. Rankin , United States Antarctic Research Program ( USARP ) biologist on the International Weddell Sea Oceanographic Expeditions , 1968 and 1969 .
Glaciers of Palmer Land
Daniel Morrison McLennan ( 5 May 1925 – 11 May 2004 ) was a Scottish football player and coach . As a player , they were a Scottish League Cup winner with East Fife . Their extensive coaching career took them all around the world and spanned a period of forty years , during which they managed ten national teams : the Philippines , Mauritius , Rhodesia , Iran , Bahrain , Iraq , Malawi , Jordan , Fiji and Libya .
Playing career
Born in Stirling , McLennan represented Scotland at schoolboy international level and played junior football for Lochore Welfare . They joined Rangers as a 17–year-old apprentice , but after failing to break through to the first team they moved to Falkirk . McLennan 's most successful spell as a player was at East Fife from 1947 to 1957 . They were part of the team that won the Scottish League Cup in 1953 . They played briefly for Dundee before joining Berwick Rangers as player–manager .
Management career
Their first coaching role came as player-manager of Berwick Rangers in 1957 , and went on to coach the national teams of the Philippines , Mauritius , Rhodesia , Iran , Bahrain , Iraq , Malawi , Jordan , Fiji , and Libya .
McLennan lead Stirling Albion to promotion to the top division in 1961 , and to the semi finals of Scottish League Cup for the first time , also in 1961 .
With both Rhodesia , in 1970 , and Iran , in 1974 , McLennan almost qualified for the FIFA World Cup , but lost out in the play-off round twice .
They took Malawi to its first African Cup of Nations in 1984 . Unfortunately a rigged draw between Algeria and Nigeria ended any hopes of qualifying from the group .
Honours
PLAYER
East Fife
Scottish League Cup : 1953-54
MANAGER
Stirling Albion
Scottish Second Division : 1960-61
Iraq
Arabian Gulf Cup : Runners-up 1976
References
External links
Danny McLennan career at Post War English & Scottish Football League A–Z Player 's Database
1925 births
2004 deaths
Footballers from Stirling
Scottish footballers
Rangers F.C . players
Stirling Albion F.C . players
East Fife F.C . players
Dundee F.C . players
Berwick Rangers F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish football managers
Scottish expatriate football managers
Berwick Rangers F.C . managers
Stirling Albion F.C . managers
Worcester City F.C . managers
Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball managers
Expatriate football managers in the Philippines
Philippines national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Mauritius
Mauritius national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Zimbabwe
Zimbabwe national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Iran
Iran national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Bahrain
Bahrain national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Iraq
Iraq national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Malawi
Malawi national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Jordan
Jordan national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Fiji
Fiji national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Libya
Libya national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in India
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate football managers in Norway
Expatriate football managers in Tanzania
Scottish Football League managers
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in Fiji
People from Stirling ( council area )
Falkirk F.C . players
Churchill Brothers FC Goa managers
1984 African Cup of Nations managers
Association football inside forwards
Association football wing halves
`` Home '' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Dierks Bentley . It was released in October 2011 as the second single from their 2012 album of the same name . The song reached number one on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in March 2012 . Bentley co-wrote this song with Dan Wilson and Brett Beavers . The song was selected by the Arizona Centennial Commission to serve as its official song for the state 's 100 year celebration .
Background and writing
The song was inspired by the Tucson , Arizona shooting that killed six people and critically injured U.S. Representative Gabby Giffords in January 2011 . Bentley told The Desert Sun that right after the shooting incident occurred , they were sitting with the song 's two other writers , Dan Wilson and Brett Beavers and they were trying to make sense of the tragedy . They also point out that `` the song 's about a sense of being and memories of the country . Everybody 's idea of America is a little different . ''
In January 2012 , singer-songwriter Jason Isbell posted on Twitter that they thought Bentley plagiarized their song `` In a Razor Town '' , which has a nearly identical melody . After Isbell tweeted that Bentley `` brought that idea to the table '' , Bentley responded , `` that is some funny shit ! '' Bentley also linked to an earlier interview with co-writer Dan Wilson discussing the writing of the song . Wilson indicated that it was a collaboration , as they and Brett Beavers developed the melody of the verses and Bentley came up with the hook of the chorus . On January 7 , Isbell followed that they would not fight with Bentley over Twitter .
Critical reception
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country gave the song three and a half stars out of five , saying that `` [ the ] mood of ‘ Home ' is unlike anything he 's ever released to radio '' but `` after a couple of listens , the shock wears off and one can appreciate Bentley 's effort . '' Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song five stars out of five , writing that `` Dierks has kept the production ‘ epic ' in scale and melody without ever succumbing to being too loud and too orchestral for some tastes . '' It also received a positive review in Billboard , whose Deborah Evans Price said that `` The lyrics paint a picturesque portrait of our country 's beauty and strength , while the melody wraps around the listener like an autumn sunset . '' They also praised the `` understated '' production and called Bentley a `` dexterous '' songwriter . Bentley 's performance earned them a Grammy nomination for Best Country Solo Performance .
Music video
The music video was directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions and premiered in October 2011 .
Chart performance
`` Home '' debuted at number 53 on the U.S . Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of October 15 , 2011 . It also debuted at number 70 on the Billboard Hot 100 for the week of November 26 , 2011 . It also debuted at number 62 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart for the week of February 25 , 2012 .
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2011 singles
Country ballads
2010s ballads
Dierks Bentley songs
Capitol Records Nashville singles
Songs written by Dan Wilson ( musician )
Songs written by Brett Beavers
Songs written by Dierks Bentley
Music videos directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions
American patriotic songs
Song recordings produced by Brett Beavers
2011 songs
Francis Putnam Burns ( Born : February 6 , 1807 ) was a pioneering piano maker in Albany , New York . Burns was born in Galway , New York and trained as a cabinet-maker . They learned the craft of piano-making from John Osborne at Meacham & Co. in Albany , and from 1834-1835 was partnered with Thomas Clemence in that city . They then began the F. P. Burns Company to manufacture pianos , and won a diploma in 1847 from the New York State Agricultural Society for `` best piano '' . Although the firm nearly went bankrupt during the American Civil War , their son Edward returned on disability and saved the company .
A Burns piano was reportedly the first piano in California . According to an 1884 article in the Santa Cruz Daily Surf : `` It was made in Albany , NY by E P Burns [ sic ] and brought around cape Horn in the fall of 1849 by Capt Wilson , and was put together on the schooner where its delightful strains helped to vary the monotony of the long voyage . It was regarded as a great curiosity when it arrived in San Francisco and crowds flocked to see the instrument and listen to its melody . ''
References
Makers of the Piano : 1820-1860 , Martha Novak Clinkscale , Oxford University Press , 1993 , page 68. .
Pianos and Their Makers : A Comprehensive History of the Development of the Piano from the Monochord to the Concert Grand Player Piano , Volume 1 , Alfred Dolge , Courier Corporation , 1911 , pages 287-288. .
Transactions of the New-York State Agricultural Society for the Year 1847 , Volume 7 , New York State Agricultural Society , Albany , 1848 , page 186 .
`` Her pioneer piano '' , in the Santa Cruz Daily Surf '' , February 27 , 1884 , by Mrs. Frank Lewis , page 3 , column 3 .
Piano makers
Businesspeople from Albany , New York
1807 births
Year of death missing
Rudolf Christoph Eucken ( ; 5 January 184615 September 1926 ) was a German philosopher . They received the 1908 Nobel Prize in Literature `` in recognition of their earnest search for truth , their penetrating power of thought , their wide range of vision , and the warmth and strength in presentation with which in their numerous works they have vindicated and developed an idealistic philosophy of life '' , after they had been nominated by a member of the Swedish Academy .
Early life
Eucken was born on 5 January 1846 in Aurich , then in the Kingdom of Hanover ( now Lower Saxony ) . Their father , Ammo Becker Eucken ( 1792–1851 ) died when they were a child , and they were brought up by their mother , Ida Maria ( 1814–1872 , née Gittermann ) . They were educated at Aurich , where one of their teachers was the classical philologist and philosopher Ludwig Wilhelm Maximilian Reuter ( 1803–1881 ) . They studied at Göttingen University ( 1863–66 ) , where Hermann Lotze was one of their teachers , and Berlin University . In the latter place , Friedrich Adolf Trendelenburg was a professor whose ethical tendencies and historical treatment of philosophy greatly attracted him .
Career
Eucken received their Ph.D. in classical philology and ancient history at Göttingen University in 1866 with a dissertation under the title De Aristotelis dicendi ratione . However , the inclination of their mind was definitely towards the philosophical side of theology . In 1871 , after five years working as a school teacher at Husum , Berlin und Frankfurt , they were appointed Professor of Philosophy at the University of Basel , Switzerland , succeeding another of their former teachers at Göttingen , Gustav Teichmüller . They stayed there until 1874 when they took up a similar position at the University of Jena . They stayed there until they retired in 1920 . In 1912–13 , Eucken spent half of the year as an exchange professor at Harvard University , and in 1913 they served as a Deem lecturer at New York University . During World War I , Eucken , like many of their academic colleagues , took a strong line in favour of the causes with which their country had associated itself .
Ethical activism
Eucken 's philosophical work is partly historical and partly constructive , the former side being predominant in their earlier , the latter in their later works . Their most striking feature is the close organic relationship between the two parts . The aim of the historical works is to show the necessary connection between philosophical concepts and the age to which they belong ; the same idea is at the root of their constructive speculation . All philosophy is philosophy of life , the development of a new culture , not mere intellectualism , but the application of a vital religious inspiration to the practical problems of society . This practical idealism Eucken described by the term `` ethical activism . '' In accordance with this principle , Eucken gave considerable attention to social and educational problems .
They maintained that humans have souls , and that they are therefore at the junction between nature and spirit . They believed that people should overcome their non-spiritual nature by continuous efforts to achieve a spiritual life , another aspect of their ethical activism and meaning of life .
Later life and death
Rudolf Eucken married Irene Passow ( 1863–1941 ) in 1882 and had a daughter and two sons . Their son Walter Eucken became a famous founder of ordoliberal thought in economics . Their son Arnold Eucken was a chemist and physicist .
Rudolf Eucken died on 15 September 1926 in Jena at the age of 80 .
Major works
They were a prolific writer ; their best-known works are :
Die Lebensanschauungen der großen Denker ( 1890 ; 7th ed. , 1907 ; 1918 ; Eng . trans. , W. Hough and Boyce Gibson , The Problem of Human Life , 1909 ) ( The Problem of Human Life as Viewed by the Great Thinkers )
Der Kampf um einen geistigen Lebensinhalt ( 1896 ) ( The Struggle for a Spiritual Content of Life )
Der Wahrheitsgehalt der Religion ( 1901 ) ( The Truth of Religion )
Grundlinien einer neuen Lebensanschauung ( 1907 ) ( Life 's Basis and Life 's Ideal : The Fundamentals of a New Philosophy of Life )
Der Sinn und Wert des Lebens ( 1908 ) ( The Meaning and Value of Life )
Geistige Strömungen der Gegenwart ( 1908 ; first appeared in 1878 as Die Grundbegriffe der Gegenwart ; Eng . trans . by M. Stuart Phelps , New York , 1880 ) ( Main Currents of Modern Thought )
Können wir noch Christen sein ? ( 1911 ) ( Can We Still Be Christians ? , 1914 )
Present Day Ethics in their Relation to the Spiritual Life ( 1913 ) ( Deem Lectures given at New York University )
Der Sozialismus und seine Lebensgestaltung ( 1920 ) ( Socialism : an Analysis ( 1922 ) )
Other notable works are :
Die Methode der aristotelischen Forschung ( 1872 ) ( The Aristotelian Method of Research )
Geschichte der philosophische Terminologie ( 1879 ) ( History of Philosophical Terminology )
Prolegomena zu Forschungen über die Einheit des Geisteslebens ( 1885 ) ( Prolegomena to Research on the Unity of the Spiritual Life )
Beiträge zur Geschichte der neueren Philosophie ( 1886 , 1905 ) ( Contributions to the History of the Newer Philosophies )
Die Einheit des Geisteslebens ( 1888 ) ( The Unity of the Spiritual Life )
Thomas von Aquino und Kant ( 1901 ) ( Thomas Aquinas and Kant )
Gesammelte Aufsätze zu Philosophische und Lebensanschauung ( 1903 ) ( Collected Essays on Views of Philosophy and Life )
Philosophie der Geschichte ( 1907 ) ( Philosophy of History )
Einführung in die Philosophie der Geisteslebens ( 1908 ; Eng . trans. , The Life of the Spirit , F. L. Pogson , 1909 , Crown Theological Library ) ( Introduction to the Philosophy of the Life of the Spirit )
Hauptprobleme der Religionsphilosophie der Gegenwart ( 1907 ) ( Main Problems of the Current Philosophy of Religion )
Other English translations of their work include :
Liberty in Teaching in the German Universities ( 1897 )
Are the Germans still a Nation of Thinkers ? ( 1898 )
Progress of Philosophy in the 19th Century ( 1899 )
The Finnish Question ( 1899 )
The Present Status of Religion in Germany ( 1901 )
The Problem of Human Life as Viewed by the Great Thinkers from Plato to the Present Time , Charles Scribner 's Sons , 1909 .
Back to Religion , 1912 .
Main Currents of Modern Thought : A Study of the Spiritual and Intellectual Movements of the Present Day , T. Fisher Unwin , 1912 .
The Meaning and Value of Life , A. and C. Black , 1913 .
Can we Still be Christians ? , The Macmillan Company , 1914 .
Collected Essays , T. Fisher Unwin , 1914 .
Knowledge and Life ( translation ) , G.P . Putnam 's Sons , 1914 .
They delivered lectures in England in 1911 and spent six months lecturing at Harvard University and elsewhere in the United States in 1912–1913 .
References
Further reading
Beck , Friedrich Alfred . Rudolf Eucken , Deutsche Buch-Gemeinschaft , 1927 .
Booth , Meyrick . Rudolf Eucken : Their Philosophy and Influence , Charles Scribner 's Sons , 1913 .
Feuling , Daniel . `` Rudolf Eucken 's Philosophy , '' The Dublin Review , Vol . CLV , July/October , 1914 .
Gibson , W. R. Boyce . Rudolf Eucken 's Philosophy of Life , A . & C. Black , 1915 .
Jones , Abel J. Rudolf Eucken : A Philosophy of Life , T. C. & E. C. Jack , 1913 .
Jones , W. Tudor . Rudolf Eucken : Their Life and Philosophy , '' Haldeman-Julius Co. , 1920 .
MacSwiney , Margaret Mary . Rudolf Eucken and the Spiritual Life , National Capital Press , 1915 .
External links
Eucken , Rudolf Christoph at Nobel-winners.com
List of Works
1846 births
1926 deaths
German male writers
German Nobel laureates
German philosophers
German spiritualists
Harvard University staff
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
Moral philosophers
Nobel laureates in Literature
People from Aurich
People from the Kingdom of Hanover
University of Göttingen alumni
University of Jena faculty
The 2011 FINA Men 's Water Polo World League was the tenth edition of the annual event , organised by the world 's governing body in aquatics , the FINA . After a preliminary round , the Super Final was held in Firenze , Italy from June 21–26 , 2011 . Serbia ended up being champions , defending the title acquired the previous year and was the first team to qualify for the 2012 Olympic men 's water polo tournament .
Preliminary round
Africa
The African tournament was supposed to be held in Algiers , Algeria from May 13–15 , but was cancelled .
Americas
The American preliminary round was held in Costa Mesa , California , United States from May 13–15 . United States advanced to the Super Final .
Asia/Oceania
The Asia and Oceania region was featured a two-legged tournament , in Auckland , New Zealand ( May 9–13 ) and Sydney , Australia ( May 16–20 ) . The four teams played a round robin in each location , with the results from both legs combined . Australia and China advanced to the Super Final .
Europe
Europe was divided into three groups of four teams , with qualifying spots for the winner of each group as well as Super Final host Italy . Rather than the condensed tournament style competition of the other continents , the European matches were played in a home-and-away format over five months .
Group A
Group B
Group C
Super Final
The Super Final was held in Firenze , Italy from June 21–26 .
Group A
June 21
June 22
June 23
Group B
June 21
June 22
June 23
Quarter-finals
June 24
Medal round
5th–8th places
Final ranking
Awards
The awards were announced on 1 July 2011 .
References
External links
FINA official website – Water Polo World League
2011
W
FINA
International water polo competitions hosted by Italy
Kiria is a British singer , songwriter and guitarist , born and currently based in London
Them debut album Radio was released in October 2010 , by independent record label Koochie Coo Records .
Musical style
Kiria plays melodic guitar pop incorporating elements of punk rock , with the singer citing original British punk groups , such as the Sex Pistols and The Clash as key inspirations . This combination of influences has led some critics to associate their music with the pop punk genre , however Kiria has made efforts to distance themselves from the label , telling EGL Magazine they resent associations to `` bad , cheap , manufactured record 'industry ' style 'punk ' pop '' . Instead they have adopted the tag 'Pink Punk ' , a phrase initially used by veteran Ritz journalist Frances Lynn to describe their music .
Other critics have commented that Radio is too diverse in its musical influences to be easily categorized , with particular reference being made to reggae track And Another Thing – and notably more aggressive , overtly punk-influenced closing track `` Live Sex On Stage '' , on which Kiria duets with actor and comedian Paul Kaye . Kiria and Kaye have also appeared onstage together in Kaye 's Mike Strutter Group , and at media events such as 2008 's Loaded LAFTA Awards .
Live shows
At live shows , Kiria is joined by a four-piece backing band , consisting of Evil Eden on bass , Jessie May on violin , Steve Rooney on drums , and on guitar Tony Feedback – formerly of Angelic Upstarts . Performances are often theatrical , with the band sometimes appearing in fancy dress and frequently being joined by Kiria 's mascot 'Jelly Baby ' , seen in the video for their single of the same name . Kiria has played at a diverse range of events , from the annual Warborough festival to the opening of LGBT art exhibition The Loudest Whispers .
Discography
Albums
Radio ( 2010 )
Singles and EPs
`` Live Sex On Stage '' ( 2008 )
`` Alright '' ( 2010 )
`` Jelly Baby '' ( 2010 )
References
External links
Official website
MySpace
English rock singers
English songwriters
English rock guitarists
Living people
Musicians from London
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter is a first-person shooter video game and the fifth installment in the Carnivores series . The game was initially developed by Tatem Games and released for iOS in 2010 , as an enhanced port of the original 1998 Carnivores game . Later that year , Tatem Games ' version was ported by Beatshapers to the PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) and PlayStation Portable ( PSP ) , as a PlayStation Minis . Tatem Games then brought its iOS port to Android in 2012 . In 2017 , a Microsoft Windows release was announced for Steam .
Gameplay
Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter is an updated port of the first Carnivores ( 1998 ) , and follows a similar format set by the first three entries in the Carnivores series . The player is allowed to choose from a variety of locations to hunt in , multiple dinosaurs , and a varied array of weapons ; time of day can be changed and a number of accessories can be taken to aid the player . The game provides a mixed roster of dinosaurs along side other creatures used to populate the maps . Whilst these additional animals can be killed ( with the exception of the Brachiosaurus ) , they do not grant the player any points .
Players start out hunting herbivorous dinosaurs , which flee upon spotting the player . Carnivorous dinosaurs such as Allosaurus and Velociraptor immediately go on the offensive after spotting the player but can be easily subdued , the Tyrannosaurus rex on the other hand requires a direct shot to the eyes before it can be killed . A feature exclusive to the mobile port is survival mode , which can be used to hone in shot accuracy as multiple waves of dinosaurs swarm the player , while hunt mode allows the player to select specific dinosaurs to hunt . A total of 15 species are available , each having varying levels of sight , smell , and hearing to alert them of the hunter 's presence . The choice of weapons is limited with only a pistol , shotgun , sniper rifle , and a crossbow . The use of a radar and a dinosaur call aids greatly in the capture of animals . In the PlayStation Portable/PlayStation 3 version of the game , the player can only choose one dinosaur at a time in each environment , while other dinosaurs appear for atmospheric purposes .
A new addition to the iOS port not present in the original Carnivores is the use of a leaderboard and support for social networking .
Development and release
Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter was initially developed by Tatem Games for iOS , as a port of the original Carnivores game . The game was released for iOS on June 12 , 2010 . Soon after , Beatshapers created a version of Tatem Game 's port for the PlayStation Portable , also compatible with the PlayStation 3 .
Beatshapers founder and chief executive officer Alexey Menshikov – an audio designer and sound programmer for the original Carnivores – stated that porting the game from iOS to PlayStation Portable was `` pretty easy '' overall , despite some issues : `` The hardest issue was how to fit all of the data , including huge terrains , foliage , and dinosaurs with animations into the PSP 's memory size . '' This issue delayed development for a month and a half while the team overcame the obstacle . Because of the PSP 's memory limitations , the player is only able to select one dinosaur to hunt in each environment . Beatshapers increased the speed at which the player can swim through water , as Menshikov stated , `` we found it too boring when a player slowly swims during their exploration . '' Development of the Beatshapers version lasted four and a half months .
In Europe , Beatshapers ' version was released on August 11 , 2010 , via the PlayStation Store , marking the first time a Carnivores game was released for a Sony PlayStation console . Previous plans to release a Carnivores game for the PlayStation 2 in 2000 were shelved because of difficulty in getting approval from Sony . In North America , the PlayStation Minis version was released through the PlayStation Store on August 17 , 2010 . At the time of the PlayStation Minis release , Tatem Games was working on a high-resolution version of the game for iPad , while Menshikov stated that Beatshapers was considering releasing the game for Nintendo 3DS and Android . The possibility of a WiiWare release had also been discussed between Beatshapers and Nintendo , but it was not expected to occur in the near future .
Tatem Games ported its iOS version to Android and released it in the United States and Europe in June 2012 . The Android release included a basic version that was free to download , as well as bundles that could be purchased to add new dinosaurs , locations , and weapons .
In January 2017 , a Microsoft Windows version of the game by Tatem Games was posted to Steam Greenlight . Mod support through Steam Workshop was confirmed to be part of the Windows version .
Reception
According to Metacritic , the iOS version of Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter received `` generally favorable reviews '' . Within two years of its launch , the iOS version had been downloaded six million times . Within eight days of its release , the Android version had 80,000 downloads via Google Play .
Slide to Play reviewed the iOS version and was critical of the difficulty and the `` blocky '' environments . Andrew Nesvadba of App Spy noted that the iOS version could have a limited audience appeal because of its realism , although they praised the controls and stated that for hunting fans , the game was an `` amazingly detailed title that 's a true must-have , but casual gamers should take more care in considering this title . '' The A.V . Club , reviewing the iPhone version , noted that the game `` lets you safely carry out '' the fantasy of hunting dinosaurs in the modern era .
Folahan Olowoyeye , writing for Macworld , criticized the iPhone version for its `` ludicrous '' story and its `` tedious '' Hunt mode , and stated that the graphics and renderings `` fail to make use of the capabilities '' of the iPhone . Olowoyeye also believed that the game should have included more new features that were not in the original 1998 game , but stated that the game had `` some moments of anachronistic fun . ''
Damien McFerran of Pocket Gamer stated that the iPhone version `` plays like a dream , with responsive controls , smooth visuals , and an immersive hunting experience . '' However , they noted that impatient players might be disappointed with the game , and complained of little replay value upon the game 's completion . McFerran called the game `` Methodical and hugely satisfying '' and one of the most `` intriguing '' action games available for the iPhone , stating that `` the only real complaint is a lack of variety . ''
Sammy Barker of Push Square reviewed the PlayStation Minis version and rated it 5 out of 10 stars , criticizing it for tedious gameplay but concluding that fans of `` slower paced shooters may get some enjoyment '' out of the game .
Sequels and remaster
Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter HD , a sequel in the Carnivores series and a modern remake of the original Carnivores ( 1998 ) , was released in 2013 .
Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter Reborn , a sequel to Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter , was released on May 27 , 2015 . The game was developed and published by Digital Dreams Entertainment , and was released for PC via Steam . The company had initially tried launching the game with a 2014 Kickstarter campaign , but was unsuccessful . Key members of the development team for the original Carnivores game reunited to create Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter Reborn . A remastered version of Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter Reborn was released on June 1 , 2021 , as Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunt . It was developed and published by Digital Dreams for Nintendo Switch , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .
References
External links
Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter official page
Carnivores : Dinosaur Hunter Reborn official page
2010 video games
Android ( operating system ) games
Hunting video games
First-person shooters
Dinosaurs in video games
Dinosaur hunting
IOS games
Video games developed in Ukraine
Windows games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Network games
PlayStation Store games
PlayStation Portable games
Video games set in the 22nd century
Alfonso Bialetti ( ) ( 17 June 1888– 4 March 1970 ) was an Italian engineer who became famous for the invention of the Moka Express coffeemaker . Designed in 1933 , the coffee pot has been a style icon since the 1950s . While many variations of the Moka have been developed , including the Bialetti cow-printed Mukka Express ( which makes cappuccino ) , the Moka Express is a time-honoured classic . Bialetti was also the founder of Bialetti Industries , the now giant Italian kitchen-ware company .
The Bialetti Company
Bialetti first acquired their metal-working skills by working for a decade in the French aluminium industry . By 1919 they had established their own metal and machine workshop in Crusinallo ( his native Piedmont ) to make aluminium products : this was the foundation of the Bialetti company . They transformed their workshop – Alfonso Bialetti & C. Fonderia in Conchiglia – into a studio for design and production .
The Moka Express
Design
Bialetti completed their design for the aluminium Moka Express in 1933 . It may also be referred to as a Moka , Moka pot , a Bialetti , a percolator or a stove-top coffeemaker , and in Italian as la Moka , la macchinetta ( `` the little machine '' ) or la caffettiera . The blueprints for the Moka Express are on display in the London Design Museum . Bialetti was probably heavily influenced by contemporary designers such as Hoffmann , Puiforcat , Genazzi and Henin ; to a certain extent they copied and built upon their coffee-pot designs . The coffee pot 's clean classic design with its symmetrical eight-faceted metallic body is easily recognisable—it followed the same design for over 70 years ( unusual in a world of constantly changing products ) . Since its creation the Moka has become the world 's most famous coffee pot and has been cited in the Guinness Book of World Records as well as in various essential design books . The Bialetti design has also provided an inspiration for modern designers ; Julian Lwin A New York designer , paid homage to the Moka Express with their own `` Dr. Octagon Espresso '' set of table and chairs .
The use of aluminium to construct the body of the coffee pot was also a relatively new industrial concept as aluminium was not a traditional `` domestic metal '' . Soon the material was to become more common in kitchens and the mid-1930s are considered to be the golden era in the production of aluminium products for the kitchen . The coming together of coffee and aluminum may have been inevitable , however , it was the Bialetti design together with the use of the novel metal which made the coffee-pot something rather special .
Development and marketing
The Moka was eventually to transform the Bialetti company into a leading Italian coffee-machine designer and manufacturer . Between 1934 and 1940 the humble Moka was only marketed locally - sold by Alfonso at the weekly markets in Piedmont . In these six years they only produced 70,000 units . By 2001 a total of 220 million units had been produced and to date the number has reached 330 million . During World War II the rising prices of coffee and aluminium stalled production of the Bialetti products . It was not until Renato , Alfonso 's son , took over in 1946 that the Bialetti product line was narrowed down to a single product : the Moka Express . A huge multi-faceted marketing campaign was initiated by Renato . It incorporated television , billboards which saturated the streets of Milan and even the creation of a giant statue of the Moka Express coffee pot . Copy-cat designs were infiltrating the market by now and advertising turned out to be a key strategy in defining the success of the Moka and ensuring the popularity of the Bialetti brand . L'omino con i baffi – the Moka mascot – was based on a humorous cartoon doodle of Alfonso Bialetti 's son Renato . The initial sketches and logo were created in 1953 by Paul Campani . By 1956 the Bialetti company had managed to construct a state-of-the-art factory in Omegna .
Social impact
Espresso machines prior to the Moka Express were large , expensive , and technically complicated . Few people kept them at home , so coffee-drinking was largely a public affair . The Moka Express , which was comparatively small , cheap , and easy to use , made it feasible for many more people to brew espresso at home . Over the rest of the 20th century , it gradually displaced other home coffee makers invented in the late 19th century , such as the Napoletana and the Milanese .
Mechanics of coffee percolation
Aromatic compounds and other flavour compounds are extracted from coffee grains by the Moka using a process known as percolation . In order to percolate or brew the coffee the percolator is placed on a stove element and heated until pressure in the water compartment increases causing the water to rise through a funnel , through the coffee grains , through a filter and , finally , into the top compartment . According to the Bialetti corporate lore the mechanical design for the Moka was inspired by the primitive washing-machines : linens were boiled in tubes built around a central conduit that drew the boiling soapy water up through it and redistributed it across the linen through a radial opening .
Trivia
Alfonso Bialetti is the grandfather of Alberto Alessi of Alessi ( the famous Italian design house ) .
Some patents describe this machine as an `` apparatus for domestic use to prepare hot drinks by steam jet , in particular to prepare 'Italian Cappuccino ' '' .
See also
Pressure cooking
Notes
External links
Bialetti.com
20th-century Italian engineers
Italian industrial designers
Italian designers
1888 births
1970 deaths
Bialetti
`` For You '' is a song written by Joe Burke and Al Dubin in 1930 . It was introduced in the Mack Sennett short Billboard Girl ( 1931 ) when it was sung by Bing Crosby .
Other versions
Casa Loma Orchestra – recorded for Brunswick Records on May 26 , 1933 , catalog No . 6606A .
The Glen Gray Orchestra recorded it for Decca Records ( catalog No . 1412 ) on July 23 , 1937 with Kenny Sargent doing the vocals .
Jo Stafford – recorded on January 20 , 1941 with Tommy Dorsey and their Orchestra for Victor Records ( catalog No . 36399 ) . They recorded it again in 1960 and it was included in their album Jo + Jazz .
Erroll Garner and their trio – recorded April 9 , 1946 for Mercury Records ( catalog No . 1034B ) .
Perry Como recorded it on November 20 , 1947 , releasing the song in 1948 .
George Shearing Quintet – recorded July 5 , 1950 for MGM Records ( catalog No . 10907A ) .
Rosemary Clooney – recorded June 29 , 1956 and included in their album Rosie Swings Softly ( 1960 ) .
Jimmy Jones - recorded on the B side of `` Ready for Love '' ( 1960 )
Julie London – included in their album Julie ( 1957 )
Dean Martin – recorded it for their album Pretty Baby in 1957 .
Nat King Cole – recorded in 1958 and included in the Bear Family set Stardust .
Patti Page – for their album Indiscretion ( 1959 ) .
Steve Lawrence – for their album Portrait of My Love ( 1961 ) .
Timi Yuro also recorded the song . It was released on their LP Timi Yuro ( Liberty LRP-3208 ( mono ) and Liberty LST-7208 ( stereo ) in 1961 .
The Fabulous Echoes – recorded on the B side of `` Wait N ' See／For You '' in 1964 for Diamond Records , Hong Kong ( D.210 ) .
The biggest hit version of the song was recorded by Rick Nelson in 1963 . Nelson 's version went to number six on the US pop chart and spent two weeks at number one on the Middle-Road chart in early 1964 .
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1964 ( U.S . )
References
1930 songs
1963 singles
Ricky Nelson songs
Songs with lyrics by Al Dubin
1930s jazz standards
Songs with music by Joe Burke ( composer )
Bas Ent ( born 28 September 1987 in Zaanstad ) is a Dutch footballer .
Club career
Ent made their professional debut for FC Volendam on 21 April 2006 in an Eerste Divisie away match against Helmond Sport . Ent played ten games during their three-year professional contract in which they did not score . They also had a serious knee injury during their time with FC Volendam which curtailed their progress . They then joined VV Katwijk in 2009 and attended a college program at the Johan Cruyff University .
From May to July 2010 , Ent played in the USL Premier Development League in the United States for the Dayton Dutch Lions appearing in 16 league matches in which they scored 2 goals and assisted on 6 others . During their time with Dayton , Ent attracted the interest of several Major League Soccer clubs , and in July 2010 , they were given trials with Major League Soccer teams Toronto FC and Columbus Crew . They appeared for Toronto FC in an international friendly against Bolton Wanderers in 2010 .
In January 2011 , Ent rejoined Toronto FC on trial for their pre-season in Antalya , Turkey . On 20 March 2011 they signed with Topklasse club FC Lisse and continued playing in the Dutch top amateur leagues .
International career
Ent played six times for the Netherlands U-17 , but never made it to a senior squad .
References
1987 births
Living people
Footballers from Zaanstad
Association football midfielders
Dutch footballers
FC Volendam players
VV Katwijk players
Dayton Dutch Lions players
FC Lisse players
Amsterdamsche FC players
VV DOVO players
USL League Two players
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
AGOVV Apeldoorn players
ODIN '59 players
Dutch expatriate footballers
José González ( 19 March 1925 – 3 October 2016 ) was a Puerto Rican sports shooter . They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
1925 births
2016 deaths
Puerto Rican male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Puerto Rico
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Cayey , Puerto Rico
Brette Pettet ( born January 14 , 1999 ) is a Canadian ice hockey forward , playing in the Swedish Women 's Hockey League ( SDHL ) with Djurgårdens IF . Them college ice hockey career was played with the Wisconsin Badgers in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association ( WCHA ) conference of the NCAA Division I .
Career
Pettet grew up playing on boys ' teams in the Acadia Minor Hockey Association up until the Peewee AAA level , where they were coached by former NHLer Dennis Vial . When they were 12 , they moved to the United States to attend the Shattuck-Saint Mary 's prep school , winning four championships during their time there .
In 2017 , they began attending the University of Wisconsin , playing for the university 's women 's ice hockey programme . They scored 19 points in 38 games in their rookie NCAA season , scoring their first collegiate hat trick against Mercyhurst in late September 2017 . Them point production dropped during the 2018–19 season , down to six points , but the Badgers won the national championship . They then posted career-high marks during the 2019–20 season , scoring 28 points in 36 games , including the opening goal of the Badgers ' season . They were named a co-captain of the team for the 2020–21 season , their last year of collegiate eligibility .
International career
Pettet represented Canada at the 2017 IIHF World Women 's U18 Championship in Czechia , the only player from the Maritimes selected to the Canadian roster that year . They scored five points in five games at the Championships , second on their team in scoring as the country won silver .
Personal life
Pettet studied engineering at the University of Wisconsin .
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian women 's ice hockey forwards
Djurgårdens IF Hockey Dam players
Ice hockey people from Nova Scotia
People from Kentville , Nova Scotia
Wisconsin Badgers women 's ice hockey players
Aethiopsestis mufindiae is a moth in the family Drepanidae . It was described by Watson in 1965 . It is found in Tanzania .
References
Endemic fauna of Tanzania
Moths described in 1965
Thyatirinae
Moths of Africa
Néstor Nielsen van Hoff ( born 13 November 1972 , Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan Olympic show jumping rider . Representing Uruguay , they competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro where they finished 42nd in the individual competition , collecting 23 penalties in total during the three qualification rounds . Nestor became the first Uruguayan show jumper to compete at the Olympics after 1960 .
Nielsen also competed at the 2015 Pan American Games , where they placed 9th in both team and individual jumping competitions .
References
1972 births
Uruguayan people of Danish descent
Uruguayan male equestrians
Equestrians at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Equestrians at the 2015 Pan American Games
Olympic equestrians of Uruguay
Living people
Pan American Games competitors for Uruguay
20th-century Uruguayan people
21st-century Uruguayan people
Joyce Ann Tyldesley ( born 25 February 1960 ) is a British archaeologist and Egyptologist , academic , writer and broadcaster who specialises in the women of ancient Egypt .
Life
Tyldesley was born in Bolton , Lancashire and attended Bolton School . In 1981 they earned a first-class honours degree in the archaeology of the Eastern Mediterranean from Liverpool University . Them doctoral studies were undertaken at Oxford University ; first at St Anne 's College then , following the award of a scholarship , at St Cross College . In 1986 they were awarded a doctorate in Prehistoric Archaeology from Oxford University . Them thesis was written about Mousterian bifaces ( handaxes ) in Northern Europe . Tyldesley then joined the staff of Liverpool University , teaching Prehistoric Archaeology .
Tyldesley then worked as a freelance Egyptologist/archaeologist ; writing books , working with television companies , and teaching in further and higher education and online . Tyldesley has 2 children , Philippa and Jack . Philippa works as a civil servant , and their son Jack is a freelance wall-painting conservator who also works for the Royal Institute of British Architects .
In 2007 Tyldesley joined the University of Manchester , working as a joint appointment between the Manchester Museum and the Faculty of Life Sciences . They are currently Professor of Egyptology in the Department of Classics , Ancient History , Archaeology and Egyptology where they are tutor and Programme Director of the three-year online Certificate in Egyptology programme , the two-year online Diploma in Egyptology programme and the two year part-time online MA in Egyptology programme . They have devised , writes , directs and teaches a suite of on-line Short Courses in Egyptology , and has created several free online Egyptology courses ( MOOCS ) , working in conjunction with the Manchester Museum . Mumford the Mummy is a series of lessons aimed at Key Stage 2 primary school children , freely available via Nearpod .
In 2011 Tyldesley was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Bolton in recognition of their contribution to education . They are a Senior Fellow of the Higher Education Academy ( HEA ) and a Research Associate of the Manchester Museum . Tyldesley is President of Bolton Archaeology and Egyptology Society and a former trustee of the Egypt Exploration Society .
Tyldesley has extensive archaeological fieldwork experience , having excavated in Britain , Europe and Egypt where they worked with the British Museum at Ashmunein , with Liverpool University in the Eastern Nile Delta , and where they conducted their own field survey at Tuna el-Gebel .
Accountancy and Rutherford Press Limited
Tyldesley is a part-qualified Chartered Accountant , and spent 17 years supporting their writing career by working as small business manager for Crossley and Davis Chartered Accountants in Bolton .
In 2004 Tyldesley established , with Dr. Steven Snape , Rutherford Press Limited , a publishing firm dedicated to publishing serious but accessible books on ancient Egypt while raising money for Egyptology field work . Donations from RPL totaling £3,000 were made to Manchester Museum , the Egypt Exploration Society and the Liverpool University fieldwork project at Zawiyet umm el-Rakham . Rutherford Press closed in February 2017 , to allow Tyldesley to concentrate on their teaching .
Writings
Tyldesley has written a wide variety of academic and popular books for adults and children , including books to accompany the television series Private Lives of the Pharaohs ( Channel 4 ) , Egypt 's Golden Empire ( Lion Television ) and Egypt ( BBC ) . In January 2008 book Cleopatra : Last Queen of Egypt , was the Book of the Week on BBC Radio 4 . Them play for children , The Lost Scroll , premiered at Kendal Museum in 2011 . Them book Tutankhamen 's Curse ( published as Tutankhamen in the USA ) was awarded the 2014 Felicia A. Holton Book Award by the Archaeological Institute of America .
Bibliography ( authored books only )
The Wolvercote Channel Handaxe Assemblage : A Comparative Study ( Oxford : British Archaeological Reports , 1986 )
The Bout Coupe Biface : a Typological Problem ( Oxford : British Archaeological Reports , 1987 )
Nazlet Tuna : An Archaeological Survey in Middle Egypt ( with Steven Snape ) ( Oxford : British Archaeological Reports , 1988 )
Daughters of Isis : Women of Ancient Egypt ( London : Viking/Penguin , 1994 )
Hatchepsut : The Female Pharaoh ( London : Viking/Penguin , 1996 )
Nefertiti : Egypt 's Sun Queen ( London : Viking/Penguin , 1999 )
The Mummy : Unwrap the Ancient Secrets of the Mummy 's Tombs ( London : Carlton Books Ltd. , 1999 )
Ramesses : Egypt 's Greatest Pharaoh ( London : Viking/Penguin , 2000 )
Judgement of the Pharaoh : Crime and Punishment in Ancient Egypt ( London : Weidenfeld & Nicolson , 2000 )
The Private Lives of the Pharaohs ( London : Channel 4 Books , 2000 )
Egypt 's Golden Empire : The Age of the New Kingdom ( London : Headline , 2001 )
Tales from Ancient Egypt ( Rutherford Press Ltd. , 2001 )
Pyramids : The Real Story behind Egypt 's most Ancient Monuments ( London : Viking/Penguin , 2003 )
Unearthing the Past ( with Paul Bahn and Douglas Palmer ) ( London : Mitchell Beazley , 2005 )
Egypt : How a Lost Civilization was Rediscovered Companion book , ( London : BBC Books , 2005 )
Chronicle of the Queens of Egypt ( London : Thames & Hudson Ltd. , 2006 )
Egyptian Games and Sports ( Princes Risborough : Shire Books , 2007 )
INSIDERS : Egypt ( Ancient Egypt Revealed ) ( Templar , 2007 )
Mummy Mysteries : The Secret World of Tutankhamun and the Pharaohs ( London : Carlton Books Ltd. , 2007 )
Cleopatra : Last Queen of Egypt ( London : Profile Books Ltd. , 2008 )
The Pharaohs ( London : Quercus , 2009 )
Myths and Legends of Ancient Egypt ( London : Viking/Penguin , 2010 )
Stories from Ancient Greece and Rome ( Oxbow Books , 2017 )
Tutankhamen 's Curse : The Developing History of an Egyptian King ( London : Profile Books Ltd. , 2012 ) ( published in the USA as Tutankhamen )
Stories from Ancient Egypt : Egyptian Myths and Legends for Children ( Oxbow Books , 2012 )
Nefertiti 's Face : The Creation of an Icon ( London : Profile Books Ltd. , 2018 )
From Mummies to Microchips : A Case Study in Online Learning ( with Nicky Nielsen ) ( Routledge 2020 )
References
External links
Joyce Tyldesley 's University of Manchester page
Egyptology Online Website
Interview with Tyldesley on `` New Books in Biography ''
People from Bolton
Living people
English archaeologists
People educated at Bolton School
British women archaeologists
1960 births
Alumni of the University of Oxford
XHRAF-FM is a noncommercial radio station on 98.3 FM in Rafael Delgado , Veracruz . It is owned by Cultura es lo Nuestro , A.C. and known as Radio Banana .
XHRAF is simulcast on XHCAY-FM 102.9 in Acayucan .
History
The social concessions for XHRAF and XHCAY were approved on July 1 , 2016 . The stations began broadcasting at the end of 2017 .
References
Radio stations in Veracruz
Raja Rafe ( ; born 1 May 1983 in Jaramana , Rif Dimashq , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer who plays as a striker for Taliya SC , which competes in the Syrian Premier League , and is a member of the Syria national football team .
Rafe is Syria 's all-time second goalscorer with 32 goals in 84 matches , preceded by Firas Al-Khatib .
International goals
Scores and results list Syria 's goal tally first .
Honour and Titles
Individual
Syrian League Top Goalscorer : 2004 , 2005 , 2008 , 2012 , 2015 , 2016 .
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Syrian people of Druze descent
Druze people of Syrian nationality
Sportspeople from Damascus
Syrian footballers
Druze sportspeople
Association football forwards
Syria international footballers
Syrian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Iraq
Expatriate footballers in Kuwait
Expatriate footballers in Jordan
Expatriate footballers in Lebanon
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Iraq
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Lebanon
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Jordan
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Al-Majd players
Al-Wehda Club ( Mecca ) players
Al-Arabi SC ( Kuwait ) players
Al-Shorta Damascus players
Al-Wahda SC ( Syria ) players
Footballers at the 2006 Asian Games
Saudi Professional League players
Asian Games competitors for Syria
Lebanese Premier League players
Nejmeh SC players
Syrian Premier League players
Kuwait Premier League players
Valhalla Glacier is a small glacier in the Asgard Range located between Mount Valhalla and Conrow Glacier . It flows part way down the north wall of the range toward Wright Valley . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) and the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( NZ-APC ) in consultation .
Glaciers of the Asgard Range
Glaciers of McMurdo Dry Valleys
Sliema Aquatic Sports Club is a waterpolo club from Sliema , Malta , playing in the Maltese Waterpolo Premier League . The club was founded in 1912 and is the most successful in Malta , with 31 championships and 25 Knock-out Cups .
The Club 's original name was Sliema United ; the name of Sliema Aquatic Sports Club was assumed in 1930 .
The club also has a Swimming section .
In 2014 , Dr. Frank Testa , a lawyer , was elected president .
First Team
As at June 30 , 2018 :
Current squad
Joseph Sammut
Jerome Gabarretta
David Fenech
Christian Presciutti
Mark Meli
Kai Dowling
M. Spiteri Staines
Michael Cordina
Jamie Gambin
Zach Mizzi
Nicholas Bugelli
Zach Sciberras
Coaching staff
Head Coach : Sergio Afrić
Asst . Coach : Giuseppe Dato
Technical Director : John Soler
Team Physio : Luke Busuttil Leaver
Committee
As at June 30 , 2018 :
President : Frank Testa
Vice-President : Kevin Saliba
Secretary General : Darren Saliba
Asst . Sec . Gen. : Patrick Cachia
Treasurer : Andrew Galea
Asst . Treasurer : Kevin-James Fenech
Premises Manager : Mark Muscat
Events & Advertising : Daniela Said
Development : Yani Ellul
Public Relations : Francesco Cutajar
Finance and Development : Jean Borg
References
External links
Official Website
Water polo clubs in Malta
Sliema
Fur massage is a form of touch that is used in partner massage . It involves using a fur glove to touch one 's partner in an attempt to arouse . In therapeutic usage , professional boundaries do not permit that the therapist ( giver ) be emotionally involved in a massage . Fur massage mitts are sometimes recommended by professionals as a sensual toy rather than sexual toy . Use of fur gloves for massage is considered a safe sex practice by the Institute for Advanced Study of Human Sexuality .
Couples employ fur massage to focus their attention on the importance of touch and to sensitize specific areas of the skin . Couples use fur massage to stimulate the lymphatic system by exciting the skin . While traditional massage requires strong tissue rubs and technical expertise , fur massage stirs the imagination and highlights the erotic nature of touch . Special mitts are available .
See also
Massage
Dog massage
Cat massage
Human sexuality
Tantra
Erotic massage
Fur fetishism
References
Erotic massage
Sex industry
Sexual fetishism
Fetishism
Human sexuality
Paraphilias
Camille d'Ornano ( 4 April 1917 – 2 August 1987 ) was a French colonial administrator and diplomat . They served as High Commissioner of the French Territory of the Afars and Issas from 1976 to until its independence as Djibouti in 1977 . They later served as French Ambassador in Luxembourg .
References
French colonial governors and administrators
1917 births
1987 deaths
KVVU-TV ( channel 5 ) is a television station licensed to Henderson , Nevada , United States , serving the Las Vegas area as an affiliate of the Fox network . Owned by Gray Television , the station maintains studios at the Broadcast Center on West Sunset Road in Henderson ( using the 25 TV 5 Drive street address ) , while its transmitter is located on Black Mountain , just southeast of the city .
History
KVVU signed on the air on September 10 , 1967 , as Nevada 's first independent station , under the call sign KHBV-TV . The station originally operated from a converted Flying A gas station along Boulder Highway near Sunset Road , while its offices were housed in a modern office building on Flamingo Road . The station was on the air originally from 11 a.m. to midnight and ran a schedule of movies from the '30s through the '50s , some cartoons , westerns , and a few sitcoms . Owned first by Charles Vanda , Levin-Townsend Enterprises acquired the station in 1969 .
In 1971 , the station assumed its KVVU-TV call letters after being purchased by the Nevada Independent Broadcasting Corporation . By 1975 , the station was on the air by 7 a.m. and ran a large number of movies , cartoons , more off-network sitcoms , drama shows , and some westerns . Las Vegas was still considered a small market ; it was the 140th-largest in 1975 out of 207 areas of dominant influence . Las Vegas was the smallest market to have four commercial television stations ; there were still larger markets that only had two commercial stations and lacked programming from either ABC , NBC , or CBS as a result .
In 1978 , the station was sold to Carson Broadcasting , a company owned by talk show host and entertainer Johnny Carson , who visited the station fairly often .
Under Carson 's ownership , the station often ran R-rated theatrical films uncut during the late-night and early morning hours . While the afternoon ( 1:00 p.m. ) and evening ( 9:00 p.m. ) movies would always be different , the same film would be run uncut in the evening and aired in its censored form in the afternoon , but not on the same day . The evening movie generally reran at 1 a.m. almost every day . Films with questionable content were sometimes prefaced by a pre-recorded warning from Carson .
The station 's announcer from 1973 to 2001 , Ralph Menard , would stretch the hourly station identification out to emphasize the market 's larger city , intoning `` Henderson ... '' neutrally , then leading into an elongated and smooth segue to `` ... and Laaassss Vegas ! `` ; Menard died in 2003 . Meredith Corporation bought the station from Carson Broadcasting in 1985 . Upon Meredith taking control of the station , KVVU adopted a stylized `` TV 5 '' logo borrowed from its new sister stations , KPHO-TV in Phoenix ; WNEM-TV in Bay City , Michigan ; KCTV in Kansas City , Missouri ; and WTVH in Syracuse , New York . Channel 5 remained an independent station until October 9 , 1986 , when it became one of the charter affiliates of the newly launched Fox network ( it was one of a very few handfuls of stations located on the VHF dial to align with the new network upon its startup ) . However , by the time Fox expanded its programming from late nights into evenings in April 1987 , network primetime programming initially ran only two days a week ( it was not until 1993 that Fox began providing programming on all seven days of the week ) , so KVVU continued to be essentially programmed as an independent station . In the 1980s , more talk shows were added to the schedule and movies were cut back slightly .
In 1990 , the station introduced an on-air mascot named `` Rusty the Fox '' , apparently named after both the network and the station 's then-general manager Rusty Durante . The mascot , an anthropomorphic fox ( in actuality , a person in a fox costume ) , is used for community events and at one time was used for announcements for family-oriented information , as well as the block of children 's programming called Fox 5 Kids Club .
The station moved into its present studio facilities on Sunset Way in the Green Valley subdivision of Henderson in 1991 . The station remained a Fox affiliate during an affiliation deal that was struck between Meredith and CBS in 1994 because that network had a long-term affiliation contract with its existing affiliate KLAS-TV ( KPHO and WNEM would both change their network affiliations to CBS through the deal while KCTV was already affiliated with that network ) ; as a result , the Las Vegas market became one of the few television markets to not be affected by the 1994 United States broadcast television realignment . It was one of only five stations ( not counting satellites or semi-satellites ) under Meredith ownership ( the company having recently sold off WTVH ) at the time of the deal , and was one of only three Meredith stations to not switch their affiliation from a different network to CBS between 1994 and 1996 ( WSMV-TV in Nashville and WOFL-TV in Orlando being the others ) . In June 2006 , the station 's website was redesigned ( along with those of four of Meredith 's other stations ) . The old website was operated by the Local Media Network division of WorldNow . Internet Broadcasting operated the site until 2011 , when WorldNow began a group deal with all of Meredith 's stations .
Sale to Gray Television
On May 3 , 2021 , Gray Television announced its intent to purchase the Meredith Local Media division , including KVVU , for $ 2.7 billion . The sale was completed on December 1 . As a result , KVVU became a sister station to ABC affiliate KOLO-TV in Reno , which brings Gray statewide coverage of Nevada except for the Elko part of the Salt Lake City market that extends into that state , along with nearly all of Arizona except the Yuma market as Gray owns CBS affiliate KOLD-TV in Tucson .
Programming
In addition to the Fox network schedule , syndicated programs broadcast on KVVU-TV include The Ellen DeGeneres Show , Extra , TMZ on TV , Young Sheldon , Bob 's Burgers , and Family Guy , among others ( Fox itself also airs first-run episodes of the latter two programs ) .
In addition to KVVU 's local newscasts , the station also produces a locally produced entertainment and lifestyle magazine program called MORE , which takes its name from the magazine aimed at women in their 40s of the same name that is published by Meredith Corporation ( the MORE program format originated at KVVU 's Portland , Oregon sister station KPTV ) . The program debuted on September 12 , 2006 , and features stories about Las Vegas fashion , local cuisine and events aimed at women between the ages of 25 and 49 , MORE is broadcast as an hour-long extension of the station 's weekday morning newscast at 10:00 a.m. and uses the same staff as the newscast 's 7:00–10:00 a.m. block .
Sports programming
In 2017 , the then Oakland Raiders announced in preparation for their relocation to Las Vegas that KVVU would be the official home for the team 's preseason games and other pre-game programming such as the Silver and Black Show in Las Vegas , which began in the 2017 NFL season . After the Raiders completed their relocation ahead of the 2020 season , KVVU was named the team 's official broadcast partner . However , KLAS serves as the Raiders ' de facto `` home '' station , by virtue of CBS owning the rights to most games from the American Football Conference , where the Raiders play . In addition to preseason and Fox Sports Sunday afternoon and Thursday night games , KVVU also airs the Raiders ' ESPN Monday Night Football , Amazon Prime Video and NFL Network appearances .
In the 2022–23 television season , Gray will begin to produce a syndicated sports betting show , Beat the Odds , from KVVU 's studio .
News operation
KVVU-TV presently broadcasts 78½ hours of locally produced newscasts each week ( with 14½ hours each weekday and three hours each on Saturdays and Sundays ) ; in regards to the number of hours devoted to news programming , it is the highest local newscast output among Las Vegas ' broadcast television stations and highest of any Fox affiliate in the nation ; in addition , the station 's sports department produces Fox 5 Sports Plus , a 15-minute sports highlight program that airs on Sunday evenings after the 10:00 p.m. newscast .
Prior to affiliating with Fox , KVVU 's news programming consisted solely of daily news updates featured during the station 's syndicated programming between the late 1970s and 1986 . Meredith Corporation eventually started a news department for KVVU-TV ; it began producing a 10:00 p.m. newscast in June 1998 , the Las Vegas market 's first local newscast in primetime , the program originated as a weeknight-only half-hour newscast ; the broadcast expanded to Saturday and Sunday evenings in June 2002 , followed by the expansion of the newscast to an hour-long program in 2003 . For the first couple of years , the newscast was solo-anchored by Angelica Urquijo ; the station originally did not have a weather anchor or full-time sports anchor ; the sports segments were pre-recorded with voice-over work done by boxing analyst Al Bernstein .
In July 1999 , the station added a morning newscast that originally aired from 7:00 to 9:00 a.m . The following year , the program was expanded by 90 minutes with the addition of a news block from 5:30 to 7:00 a.m. News programming on channel 5 would not expand again until September 10 , 2007 , with the debut of an hour-long block of newscasts during the 5 p.m. hour ; with the expansion , KVVU-TV became the only local station in Las Vegas carrying a newscast in the 5:30 p.m. timeslot . One year later on August 4 , 2008 , KVVU debuted a half–hour weeknight–only newscast at 11:00 p.m. On March 7 , 2011 , the weekday morning newscast ( which consisted of the pre–7:00 a.m. Fox 5 News This Morning and the 7:00–9:00 a.m. Fox 5 News : Live in Las Vegas until 2013 , when the program uniformally rebranded under the former title ) expanded to 4½ hours , with its start time moved to 4:30 a.m. On July 9 , 2012 , KVVU debuted a half-hour 6:00 p.m. newscast .
On April 6 , 2020 , KVVU added a half-hour 1 p.m. newscast on weekdays , making it one of a few stations airing a 1 p.m. newscast alongside Los Angeles ' CW affiliate KTLA and San Diego 's Fox affiliate KSWB-TV . On that same day , KVVU expanded its weeknight 11 p.m. newscast to an hour ; this made KVVU among the very few stations to extend its late newscast to midnight , and one of six Fox affiliates ( Kansas City 's WDAF-TV , Washington , D.C. 's WTTG , Atlanta 's WAGA-TV , Tampa 's WTVT and Phoenix 's KSAZ-TV being the others ) to air a two-hour late local news block .
On September 5 , 2022 , KVVU added a hour-long 2 p.m. newscast on weekdays , becoming the first Fox station to air newscasts in that timeslot . Afternoon and evening newscasts now run from 1 to 7:30 p.m .
Notable former on-air staff
Al Bernstein – sports anchor ( 1998–2002 ; now a boxing analyst for Showtime )
Cher Calvin – weekday morning anchor ( now weekday anchor and reporter at KTLA in Los Angeles )
Technical information
Subchannels
The station 's digital signal is multiplexed :
Analog-to-digital conversion
KVVU-TV shut down its analog signal , over VHF channel 5 , on June 12 , 2009 , the official date on which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate . The station 's digital signal remained on its pre-transition VHF channel 9 . Through the use of PSIP , digital televisions display the station 's virtual channel as its former VHF analog channel 5 .
Translators
References
External links
Official website
Fox network affiliates
Ion Mystery affiliates
Dabl affiliates
Gray Television
Television channels and stations established in 1967
VVU-TV
1967 establishments in Nevada
Former Meredith Corporation subsidiaries
Johann Philipp Christfeld ( born 1796 or 1797 – 6 January 1874 ) was a German porcelain painter .
Christfeld was born in Frankenthal . They are recorded as living at Lerchen Straße 42 in Munich in around 1850 . Christfeld died in Munich in 1874 .
See also
List of German painters
References
19th-century German painters
19th-century German male artists
German male painters
1790s births
1874 deaths
Phibsborough Public Library is an art deco and Georgian style public library in Phibsborough , Dublin designed by Robert Sorley Lawrie working in the city architect 's office under Horace O'Rourke .
This building was one of four similar libraries built by Dublin Corporation between 1935 and 1940 in the Dublin suburbs of Phibsborough , Ringsend , Drumcondra and Inchicore .
See also
Drumcondra Public Library
Inchicore Public Library
Ringsend Public Library
References
Buildings and structures in Dublin ( city )
Libraries in the Republic of Ireland
Art Deco architecture in Ireland
Gilles Dewaele ( born 13 February 1996 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as the right back for Belgian club Standard Liège . They come from Cercle 's youth team .
Club career
Dewaele made their debut on 25 October 2013 at the 12th matchday of the season in the Jupiler Pro League . Dewaele substituted Tim Smolders after 76 minutes in a 1-1 draw against K.A.A . Gent .
References
External links
Belgium profile at Belgian FA
1996 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Belgian footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
Cercle Brugge K.S.V . players
K.V.C . Westerlo players
K.V . Kortrijk players
Standard Liège players
Belgian First Division B players
Belgian First Division A players
Flemish sportspeople
John Bainbridge ( born 1953 ) is an English author and campaigner for countryside preservation and access . They read Literature and Social History at the University of East Anglia .
Born in West Bromwich , Staffordshire , Bainbridge spent their childhood at 15 Ray Hall Lane , Great Barr , and was educated at Hamstead Primary School , Grove Vale School , Dartmouth Comprehensive , and West Lawn School in Teignmouth . It was from there that they began exploring the British countryside , often taking walking tours that lasted for months at a time . They moved to Devon as a teenager and became very knowledgeable about Dartmoor .
Bainbridge served as chief executive of the Dartmoor Preservation Association from 1996–2005 , and led the victorious campaign to save the archaeologically important Shaugh Moor from waste tipping by the china clay industry . They led the campaign for right to roam in Devon , which culminated in the Countryside and Rights of Way Act . They have opposed the military presence on Dartmoor , for which they were praised by Anthony Steen MP in the House of Commons in 2003 .
An unapologetic trespasser Bainbridge remains a steadfast campaigner for countryside access . They have dealt with the matter of trespassing in their controversial book `` The Compleat Trespasser '' ( 2013 ) and more briefly in their book on walking `` Rambling - some thoughts on country walking '' . They have also written an eBook about the Victorian writer George Borrow .
They are the author of a walking autobiography `` Wayfarer 's Dole '' .
In 2012 they were given an award by the Ramblers Association to mark a 40-year contribution to the outdoors movement .
As a writer they have contributed to most outdoor magazines and is the author of some thirty books about British topography , including Dorset Coast , South Devon Coast and Newton Abbot , Around Torbay , The Cotswolds , Worcestershire .
In 2009 Bainbridge created the Teignmouth and Dawlish Way long distance footpath , writing the guidebook of the same name , and was involved in the creation of The Two Moors Way long-distance trail .
Having retired from active campaigning , Bainbridge has found time to publish several thriller novels including `` The Shadow Of William Quest '' , `` Deadly Quest '' `` Dark Shadow '' which have been well received .
They have written a straight thriller `` Balmoral Kill '' - a set in 1937 and based on the involvement of the Establishment in appeasing Hitler , and a sequel `` Dangerous Game '' .
Bainbridge has also written four novels based on the old ballads of Robin Hood : `` Loxley '' , `` Wolfshead '' and `` Villain '' and `` Legend '' as part of a tetralogy of historical fiction entitled `` The Chronicles of Robin Hood '' .
They were in 2020 chosen by the writer Roly Smith as one out of twenty individuals who had done the most to influence the Right to Roam campaign in the UK
References
Block around the Rock , The Guardian , 15 March 2005
Hansard 15 October 2003
1953 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
English male writers
People from West Bromwich
People from Great Barr
Nelson Kawulukusi Sewankambo , MBChB , MMed , MSc , FRCP , LLD ( Hon ) , sometimes spelled as Nelson Ssewankambo , is a Ugandan physician , academician , medical researcher , and medical administrator . They are a professor of medicine and former principal of the Makerere University College of Health Sciences , a semi-autonomous constituent college of Makerere University .
Background
They were born at Mulago Hospital , in Kampala , Uganda 's capital city , in 1952 .
Education
Sewankambo was educated at Namilyango College , an all-boys residential middle and high school ( grades : eight to thirteen ) located in Mukono District , from 1965 until 1970 . In 1971 , they entered the Makerere University School of Medicine , where they obtained the degree of Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery , graduating in 1976 . They went on to obtain the Master of Medicine degree , specializing in Internal Medicine , also from Makerere in the early 1980s . They later obtained a Master of Science degree in Clinical Epidemiology , from McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada . They are a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians . They were later awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Laws by McMaster University .
Work experience
In the early 1980s , Sewankambo was one of the earliest physicians in Uganda to recognize the new disease that caused patients to lose weight and `` slim '' down to abnormal cachectic sizes . The new disease , at first called Slim Disease , became known as HIV/AIDS . They have been at the forefront of research about the disease , specializing in HIV clinical drug trials . They have extensively published the finding of their research in medical journals and other peer publications . In the late 1990s , they were appointed Dean of Makerere University School of Medicine . They served in that position until 2007 when they were promoted to the position of Principal , Makerere University College of Health Sciences , a position they still occupy . They have been engaged in a number of international boards , one of them is the Board of the Norwegian Global Health and Vaccination Research for 2011 to 2014 .
Other considerations
Sewankambo is a Fellow of the Uganda National Academy of Sciences .
See also
Makerere University School of Medicine
Uganda AIDS Commission
David Serwadda
References
External links
Board Members of The Network of African Science Academies ( NASAC ) 2013 to 2016
Living people
1952 births
Ganda people
Makerere University alumni
McMaster University alumni
Ugandan epidemiologists
People from Wakiso District
Ugandan Roman Catholics
People from Central Region , Uganda
People educated at Namilyango College
HIV/AIDS researchers
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Fellows of Uganda National Academy of Sciences
20th-century Ugandan physicians
21st-century Ugandan physicians
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
The Villa Aldobrandini is a villa in Frascati , Italy . It is still owned and lived in by the Aldobrandini family , and known as Belvedere for its location overlooking the valley toward the city of Rome .
It is the only grand Papal garden not owned by the state .
Construction
Vatican prelate Alessandro Rufini built the original villa in 1550 . Pope Clement VIII gave their nephew Cardinal Pietro Aldobrandini the villa in 1598 as a reward for the negotiations they undertook with France that resulted in the peace treaty of 1595 and for their role in annexing Ferrara to the Papal States . Clement 's gift also ensured the property remained in the family as Popes are not allowed to own property .
Conversion
Aldobrandini commissioned the Roman architect Giacomo della Porta to convert the villa into suitable accommodation in which a Cardinal could live and also entertain a Pope . Works started in 1598 . While the core of the villa was completed by the time of Giacomo della Porta 's death in 1603 , work continued for another 20 years on the various aspects of the villa and the garden under the supervision of Carlo Maderno , who added the loggia , and Giovanni Fontana .
The villa is aligned with the cathedral down its axial avenue that is continued through the town as Viale Catone . The villa has an imposing 17th century facade and some other interesting architectural and environmental features , such as the double gallery order on the rear facade , the spiral-shaped flights , the large exedra of the Water Theatre and a magnificent park .
Art
Inside the villa are paintings of Mannerist and Baroque artists like Taddeo Zuccari and their brother Federico , Cavalier D'Arpino and Domenichino . On the grounds is a monumental gate by Carlo Francesco Bizzaccheri ( early 18th century ) .
Water Theater
A noted feature of the garden is the Teatro delle Acque ( `` Water Theater '' ) by Carlo Maderno and Orazio Olivieri . To provide water for this feature and for the rest of the garden , Aldobrandini constructed a new long aqueduct from the Modena spring on Monte Algido to the villa .
The top of the garden in the villa has remained derelict and damaged since the American bombing during the Allied invasion in World War II , and the fountains of Teatro delle Acqua sustained damage as well from the bombing , with current owner Prince Camillo Aldobrandini 's father carrying out repairs to the fountains shortly after . However , having used cement , the fountains were in a bad state when Prince Camillo began restoration works in 2011 . Prince Camillo stated that Napoleon , who was related to the Aldobrandini 's through marriage , took statues that were all along the top of the balustrade of the Teatro and said they would pay Aldobrandini after coming back from Russia .
References
Further reading
Wells Clara Louisa - The Alban Hills , Vol . I : Frascati - 1878 publisher : Barbera , Rome , Italy - OCLC 21996251
Monty Don 's Italian Gardens - Part I - Rome , BBC documentary
Italian Renaissance gardens
Aldobrandini
Aldobrandini , Villa
Houses completed in 1550
The Bren Z. Guiao Sports Complex and Convention Center is a sports complex located in San Fernando , Pampanga , Philippines . It is one of the home venues of the Pampanga Giant Lanterns that plays in the Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League . It has hosted the Premier Volleyball League and the grand finals of season 6 of Pilipinas Got Talent . It is set to host the 2021 Asian Women 's Volleyball Championship that previously hosted by Seoul , South Korea in 2019 .
Facilities
It is a multi-purpose complex which has facilities used for concerts , convention , basketball games , beauty pageants and other sport activities . It hosts a 3,000-seat , air-conditioned convention center . The sports complex also has a stadium which has a single grandstand .
Notable events
References
Basketball venues in the Philippines
Indoor arenas in the Philippines
Volleyball venues in the Philippines
Sports complexes in the Philippines
Pandanus brosimos , the wild karuka , is a species of tree in the family Pandanaceae , endemic to New Guinea . Along with Pandanus julianettii , it is widely harvested in New Guinea as a traditional food source . Many local ethnic groups make use of pandanus languages ( a special avoidance language ) when harvesting the nuts .
It was first formally described by Elmer Drew Merrill and Lily May Perry in 1940 .
References
brosimos
Trees of New Guinea
Edible nuts and seeds
Fruits originating in Asia
Tropical fruit
Tropical agriculture
Non-timber forest products
Endemic flora of New Guinea
Taxa named by Elmer Drew Merrill
Taxa named by Lily May Perry
Martin Butler ( born 4 May 1952 ) is an Australian director , producer , and filmmaker . They are known for their work First Footprints ( 2013 ) , Tanna ( 2015 ) and A Sense of Self ( 2016 ) . For Tanna , they received a nomination for Best Foreign Language Film at 89th Academy Awards .
Filmography
A Sense of Self ( director , producer ) ( 2016 )
Tanna ( director , producer and writer ) ( 2015 )
First Footprints ( director , producer and writer ) ( 2013 )
Accolades
References
External links
Australian film producers
Australian film directors
Australian screenwriters
Living people
1952 births
Walkley Award winners
John Anton from Newark , California is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League .
After playing fours years of high school soccer at Newark High School under Frank Mangiola , Anton attended the University of San Francisco , playing on the men 's soccer team from 1973 to 1977 . In 1979 , they signed with the Edmonton Drillers of the North American Soccer League . They may have played for the San Diego Sockers in 1980 .
John currently resides in Novato , California with their wife and kids , where they coach youth soccer .
References
John Anton also played professionally for the Golden Gate Gales of the ASL
Also played for the USA Olympic Soccer Team 1976-77 Coach : Walt Chyzowych
John Anton was inducted into the USF Athletic Hall of Fame for Soccer in 1997
Drafted out of college 1977 to the San Jose Earthquakes
1979 Signed with the Oakland Stompers NASL which became the Edmonton Drillers of Alberta Canada
External links
NASL stats
1955 births
Living people
American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
American expatriate sportspeople in Canada
American Soccer League ( 1933–1983 ) players
Edmonton Drillers ( 1979–1982 ) players
North American Soccer League ( 1968–1984 ) players
San Francisco Dons men 's soccer players
San Diego Sockers ( NASL ) players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Soccer players from California
Association football midfielders
Senator Littell may refer to :
Alfred B. Littell ( 1893–1970 ) , New Jersey State Senate
Robert E. Littell ( 1936–2014 ) , New Jersey State Senate
See also
Senator Little ( disambiguation )
The Gilbert Stuart Birthplace and Museum is located in Saunderstown , Rhode Island , US . Gilbert Stuart was born on December 3 , 1755 , in the colonial-era house located on the property , becoming a famous American portraitist of the 18th and 19th centuries . The museum consists of the 1750 house in which Stuart was born , an operational snuff mill , an operational grist mill , a mill pond , streams , a fish ladder , nature trails , an herb garden , and a welcome center and art gallery .
History
The house on the property was built in 1751 , and Gilbert Stuart lived there for six years . Their father operated the family business in the basement of the house , where a water-powered snuff mill was located . They ground dried tobacco leaves into snuff , a fine powder used widely in the colonial era , and theirs was actually the first such mill in America . When Stuart was six years old , their family moved to Newport , Rhode Island .
The house served as a private residence and a tavern during the 18th century , and the snuff mill and water wheel were lost . In 1930 , the building was restored to its colonial state by Norman Isham and was opened to the public as a museum in 1931 . Many of the house 's original wood beams remained intact . It also retained its original four corner fireplaces , one in each room in the house . An English snuff mill built in the early 1730s was transported to the property during the restoration , and it is considered faithful in design to the original snuff mill . In addition , a new water wheel was built and attached to the side of the house , allowing the mill to operate by water power from Mattatuxet Brook . An original colonial-era gristmill was built in 1757 and owned by Benjamin Hammond , fitted with a water wheel . The mill remained inoperable until 2007 , when the waterwheel was reconnected to the mill 's operating gears .
The site was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1965 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966 .
Museum
The Gilbert Stuart Birthplace operates guided tours of the birthplace and gristmill Thursday through Monday , and is open from May until mid-October . The house is furnished with original colonial furnishings in every room , though no piece of furniture is original to the house . Each room is also fitted with reproductions of Gilbert Stuart 's most famous works , including the famous unfinished Athenaeum Portrait of George Washington ( which is portrayed on the one-dollar bill ) , The Skater , Dr. Hunter 's Spaniels , John Jay , and Catherine Brass Yates . Tours of the museum focus on the operation of the mills , explanation of the fish ladder , talks about the life and artwork of Gilbert Stuart , as well as some descriptions of the colonial furnishings and objects .
Junior docents
The Gilbert Stuart Birthplace operates a unique junior docent program , in which children and adolescents can volunteer to give interpretive tours of the museum dressed in colonial attire . The program is designed to teach children about history and the workings of a museum . Junior docents conduct tours on Sunday afternoons .
Grounds
The Gilbert Stuart Birthplace is located on twenty-three acres of property . The museum features nature trails , which bring tourists to the site of an old colonial burial ground , the Benjamin Hammond cemetery , a scenic overlook of Carr Pond , and the foundation of a colonial fulling mill . The grounds also feature an herb garden , a timber dam , and a boat dock , from which rowboats can be rented by museum members for use on nearby Carr Pond .
Images
See also
Casey Farm
Smith 's Castle
List of National Historic Landmarks in Rhode Island
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County , Rhode Island
References
External links
Official website
Gilbert Stuart , a full text exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art
Houses completed in 1751
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Rhode Island
Museums in Washington County , Rhode Island
History of New England
National Historic Landmarks in Rhode Island
Stuart , Gilbert
Mill museums in the United States
Tobacco buildings in the United States
Art museums and galleries in Rhode Island
Stuart
Houses in Washington County , Rhode Island
Stuart , Gilbert
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County , Rhode Island
1751 establishments in the Thirteen Colonies
Stuart
The Mountaineers are one of five cricket Zimbabwean cricket franchises . They are a first-class cricket team , based in the Manicaland and Mashonaland East area . They play their home matches at Mutare Sports Club in Mutare .
Franchise History
Following the decline of the standards of cricket in Zimbabwe , Zimbabwe Cricket decided to use a new set of teams for all the first-class , List A and Twenty20 formats of the domestic game . A total of 5 franchises were named , and the Mountaineers team was based in Manicaland .
2009-10 Logan Cup
On their debut in this tournament , Mountaineers finished in third place in the group , with three wins from twelve games . Their debut first-class match against Mashonaland Eagles was a draw , thanks mainly to captain Hamilton Masakadza 's century . Their first first-class win was against Southern Rocks , whom they crushed by eight wickets . For their third-place finish , Mountaineers could not contest the final .
2009-10 Faithwear Metbank One-Day Competition
The Mountaineers had a brilliant tournament , winning the championship by defeating Mid West Rhinos in the final by three wickets . They underlined their dominance in the tournament , by finishing top of the pool with 6 wins from 8 games . In the semi-final , they thrashed the Southern Rocks by seven wickets to enter the final . Players who starred for Mountaineers in that match included Hamilton Masakadza ( 44 * ) , Tino Mawoyo ( 40 ) , Stuart Matsikenyeri ( 36 ) , and Shingirai Masakadza ( 3-20 ) . In the final against the Rhinos , Mountaineers restricted the opposition to a lowly first-innings score of 144 , with captain Prosper Utseya taking 3-24 . In return , Mountaineers themselves slipped down to 66-7 , before a brilliant fightback by Shingirai Masakadza ( 41 * ) and Prosper Utseya ( 30 * ) in an unbeaten partnership and the winning runs were scored in style by Masakadza with a lofted six off Malcolm Waller . Rhinos captain Vusi Sibanda had tried nine bowlers , but nothing could break the partnership .
2009-10 Stanbic Bank 20 Series
Despite the fact , that the Mountaineers emerged victorious in this tournament , they were pretty shaky in the group stage . They had 3 wins from 5 games , while counterparts Mashonaland Eagles ( the group-toppers ) , had a better record than them , with 4 wins from 5 games . The Eagles were more dominant , as was proved by the 82-run downing given to them by Eagles bowler Ray Price who took figures of 5 for 12 off just 17 deliveries and took their 5th wicket as Natsai Mushangwe was stumped and the match ended . Mountaineers got better in the final , and put the asupervisorstioned disaster behind them to score a massive nine-wicket win and upset , with the victory mostly possible due to Hamilton Masakadza ( 64 * ) and Tatenda Taibu ( 37 * ) .
2010-11 Logan Cup
Players
When the country was debuting in the 2009-10 Logan Cup , the team consisted of Zimbabwean international and domestic players . Key players at that time included Hamilton Masakadza ( Captain ) , Timycen Maruma , Johnson Marumisa , Shingirai Masakadza , Stuart Matsikenyeri , Tino Mawoyo , Natsai Mushangwe , Njabulo Ncube ( who later went on to join their home province Matabeleland Tuskers ) , Tatenda Taibu ( who later on joined Southern Rocks ) , and Prosper Utseya .
The Mountaineers made their first major overseas signing when they signed up South African all-rounder Greg Smith .
The following season , there were many improvements in the squads . Former South African great fast bowler Allan Donald was named as the franchise 's head coach , while players like South Africa 's Jonathan Beukes , Sean Ervine , and more prominently , former South African great all-rounder Lance Klusener , who playing in 171 ODIs , had an average of 41.10 at an impressive strike-rate of 89.91 , Other signings include Liam Dawson , who scored , aged 21 , scored 908 runs for Hampshire County Cricket Club , in the County Championship , and is supposed to have a long time contract with Mountaineers .
For the 2011-12 season , Mountaineers signed overseas players such as Australian star fast bowler , Dirk Nannes , former Black Caps all-rounder Chris Harris , English wicket-keeper Phil Mustard , and Ned Eckersley . Apart from that , former Zimbabwean seamer Gary Brent replaced Donald as coach .
Current squad
Players with international caps are listed in bold .
Source : ESPNCricinfo
References
Zimbabwean first-class cricket teams
Mutare
The 2013 BMW PGA Championship was the 59th edition of the BMW PGA Championship , an annual golf tournament on the European Tour , contested 23–26 May at Wentworth Club in Surrey , England . Matteo Manassero of Italy won the tournament on the fourth hole of a sudden-death playoff with Simon Khan and Marc Warren .
Course layout
Past champions in the field
Made the cut
Missed the cut
Nationalities in the field
Round summaries
First round
Thursday , 23 May 2013
Friday , 24 May 2013
Second round
Friday , 24 May 2013
Third round
Saturday , 25 May 2013
Fourth round
Sunday , 26 May 2013
Playoff
Sunday , 26 May 2013
References
External links
Coverage on European Tour
BMW PGA Championship
Golf tournaments in England
BMW PGA Championship
BMW PGA Championship
BMW PGA Championship
Cornelius Severus was an Augustan Age Roman epic poet who is mentioned in Quintilian and Ovid . Quintilian attests to an epic about the Sicilian Wars , Bellum Siculum , and Ovid refers to a long poem on Rome 's ancient kings , which may be Res Romanae . This work , such as it is known , exists only in quotations by other authors . Seneca quoted twenty-five lines from it on the death of Cicero , which can be found in the Oxford University Press Oxford Book of Latin Verse ( 1912 ed . ) .
References
Courtney , Edward . `` Cornelius Severus '' in Hornblower , Simon and Antony Spawforth , eds . The Oxford Classical Dictionary . London : OUP , 2003. p. 399 .
Kenney , E. J . `` Cornelius Severus by Hellfried Dahlmann . '' The Classical Review ( 28 ) 1:1978 , 155 .
External links
The Death of Cicero from Bartleby
Golden Age Latin writers
1st-century BC Roman poets
Latin writers known only from secondary sources
Severus
Sugar for the Soul is the fifth studio album recorded by Sexepil . The album was recorded by Brian Anderson at the Phoenix Studio in Budapest , Hungary . The album was produced by Brian Anderson and Sexepil , and it was mixed Brian Anderson and engineered by Mark Haines at Butch Vig and Steve Marker 's Smart Studios in Madison , Wisconsin , The United States . The record was mastered by Howie Weinberg at Masterdisk in New York City , The United States . All songs were written by Sexepil and all lyrics by Mick Ness . The album was released by Magneoton and Warner Music Hungary , Warner Music Group in Hungary .
Track listing
Personnel
The following people contributed to Sugar for the Soul :
Sexepil
László Viktor - bass
Tibor Vangel - drums
Tamás Kocsis - guitars
Mick Ness - vocals
Gábor Varga - keyboards
Additional musicians and production
Brian Anderson - recording and mixing
Béla Jánosi - engineering
Howie Weinberg - mastering
Miklós Déri - cover photo
References
External links
Sugar for the Soul at Allmusic Hungary 's webpage
Sugar for the Soul at Dalok
Sugar for the Soul at YouTube
1995 albums
Sexepil albums
Two ships of the United States Navy have been named Belleau Wood , after the Battle of Belleau Wood near Château-Thierry in France .
, was a light aircraft carrier converted from a cruiser hull and in service during World War II .
, was an amphibious assault ship commissioned on 23 December 1978 and decommissioned on 28 October 2005 .
Sources
United States Navy ship names
Alphen a/d Rijn railway station is a railway station in Alphen aan den Rijn , Netherlands .
History
The railway station was opened in 1878 , as part of a railway connection between Leiden and Woerden . A connection between Alphen aan den Rijn and Uithoorn was opened in 1915 .
The line was extended to Gouda in 1932 , but the connection between Alphen aan den Rijn and Uithoorn was closed in 1936 .
The railway station was renovated for the RijnGouweLijn from Gouda in 2004 , involving the construction of an additional platform .
In 2007 a major redesign of the railway station and its surrounding area started . The original railway station building ( built in 1878 ) was demolished to make room for a tunnel underneath the railway and a bike storage facility . The new tunnel links the old town centre with the new district `` Kerk en Zanen '' , which used to be separated from the town centre by the railway . The tunnel and bike storage facility opened in mid 2010 .
Train services
The following services call at Alphen a/d Rijn :
NS Intercity services Leiden - Alphen aan den Rijn - Woerden - Utrecht
R-net local services ( Sprinter ) Alphen aan den Rijn - Gouda
Bus services
1 ( Station - De Aarhof - Ridderhof - Haagwinde - Rijsenburg - Busstation Herenhof - Ijzerweg - Eisenhowerlaan - Station )
2 ( Station - Eisenhowerlaan - Ijzweg - Busstation Herenhof - Rijsenburg - Haagwinde - Ridderhof - De Aarhof - Station )
3 ( Station - Europalaan - Amerikaweg - Albert Einsteinweg - Ondernemingsweg - Station )
4 ( Station - Ondernemingsweg - Albert Einsteinweg - Amerikaweg - Europalaan - Station )
147 ( Station - De Aarhof - Rijnbrug - Aarlanderveen - Nieuwkoop - Zevenhoven - Nieuwveen - Vrouwenakker - De Kwakel - Uithoorn , Busstation )
165 ( Station - Hazerwoude Rijndijk - Hazerwoude - Benthuizen - Willem Dreeslaan RR - Palenstein RR - Zoetermeer , Centrum West RR )
169 ( Station - De Aarhof - Ridderhof - Rijnland Hospital - Koudekerk aan den Rijn - Hazerwoude Rijndijk - Zoeterwoude Rijndijk - Leiden , Centraal Station )
182 ( Station - Eisenhowerlaan - Ter Aar - Woubrugge - Hoogmade - Leiderdorp - Leiden , Centraal Station )
249 ( Station - Rijsenburg - Woubrugge - Hoogmade - Leiderdorp - Leiden )
370 ( Station - Eisenhowerlaan - De Hoek ( Change for Hoofddorp ) - Amsterdam Airport Schiphol )
External links
NS website
Dutch Public Transport journey planner
Municipal plans for the development of the area around the railway station
History of the railway line between Leiden and Woerden
Railway stations in South Holland
Railway stations opened in 1878
Alphen aan den Rijn
1878 establishments in the Netherlands
Paul S. Seale ( born March 29 , 1939 ) is a former Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions . They won the Grey Cup with them in 1964 . They played college football at the Oregon State University . They are a member of the Wenatchee Valley College & BC Sports Halls of Fame .
References
1939 births
BC Lions players
Oregon State Beavers football players
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
The ivory-billed araçari ( Pteroglossus azara ) , is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae . It was named after the naturalist Félix de Azara .
It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
Taxonomy and systematics
The ivory-billed aracari was originally classified in the genus Ramphastos . Alternate names include Azara aracari and yellow-billed aracari .
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized :
Yellow-billed aracari ( P. a. flavirostris ) - Fraser , 1841 : Originally described as a separate species . Found in western Amazonia
P. a. azara - ( Vieillot , 1819 ) : Found in north-western Brazil
Some authorities consider the brown-mandibled aracari to also be a subspecies of the ivory-billed aracari .
Gallery
References
ivory-billed aracari
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
ivory-billed aracari
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hemiphyllodactylus zhutangxiangensis is a species of gecko . It is endemic to Yunnan ( China ) . It is named after its type locality , Zhutang Township ( ) .
References
Hemiphyllodactylus
Reptiles of China
Endemic fauna of Yunnan
Reptiles described in 2021
Taxa named by Jesse L. Grismer
Taxa named by Larry Lee Grismer
W. G. Grace visited Australia in 1873–74 as captain of Lord Sheffield 's team .
Despite their injury problems in 1891 , few doubted that Grace should captain England in Australia the following winter when they led Lord Sheffield 's team to Australia in 1891–92 . Australia , led by Jack Blackham , won the three-match series 2–1 .
Grace played in 8 first-class matches on the tour and scored 448 runs at 44.80 with one century which was their highest score of 159 not out . They scored two half-centuries . In the field , they took 17 catches but had minimal success as a bowler with only 5 wickets at a comparatively high average of 26.80 and the best analysis of 3–64 .
References
External links
CricketArchive – W.G . Grace
Bibliography
Australian cricket seasons from 1890–91 to 1917–18
1891
Gettysburg and Petersburg Turnpike , in addition to the original turnpike road , may refer to :
Baltimore Pike ( Adams County , Pennsylvania ) , the designation for the remaining unnumbered portion of the Gettysburg and Petersburg Turnpike .
Gettysburg and Petersburg Turnpike Company , the corporation that built and operated the turnpike .
Pennsylvania Route 97 ( Adams County ) , which is the southern portion of the former Gettysburg and Petersburg Turnpike .
U.S. Route 140 , a former US Highway designation—the northern portion of which had been the Gettysburg and Petersburg Turnpike .
James Fitzpatrick ( born 4 April 1952 ) is a British politician and former firefighter who served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) from 1997 to 2019 , for Poplar and Canning Town until 2010 and for Poplar and Limehouse until their retirement . They are a member of the Labour Party .
Fitzpatrick served as Minister of State for Farming and the Environment at the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs during the Brown ministry . In June 2019 , they announced that they would not stand for reelection to Parliament .
Early life
Fitzpatrick was born in Glasgow , Scotland , and educated locally at the Holyrood R.C . Secondary School in Crosshill . From 1970 , they were a trainee with Tytrak in Glasgow , before moving to London in 1973 to become a driver with Mintex . In 1974 , they joined the London Fire Brigade as a firefighter , being decorated with the Fire Brigade Long Service and Good Conduct Medal in 1994 . They left the fire service when they were elected to the House of Commons in 1997 .
Fitzpatrick was elected as the chair of the Barking Constituency Labour Party , and was chair of the Greater London Labour Party for seven years .
Parliamentary career
Member of Parliament
Fitzpatrick was selected as the Labour candidate over two sitting MPs , Mildred Gordon and Nigel Spearing .
They were elected to the House of Commons as Member of Parliament for the newly created seat of Poplar and Canning Town in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets at the 1997 general election with a majority of 18,915 . They made their maiden speech in the House of Commons on 17 June 1997 .
Fitzpatrick was appointed as the Parliamentary Private Secretary ( PPS ) to the Chief Secretary to the Treasury , Alan Milburn in 1999 , until Milburn became the Secretary of State for Health later in the same year . After the 2001 general election , Fitzpatrick was appointed to government by Tony Blair as an Assistant Government Whip , becoming a Lord Commissioner to the Treasury ( Government Whip ) in 2002 . They were again promoted within the Whips Office in 2003 when they became the Vice-Chamberlain of HM 's Household .
2005 Parliament
Fitzpatrick was re-elected in the 2005 general election , and was then appointed a junior minister in the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister , then John Prescott , with the role of Minister for London , a role they took with them on their subsequent move to the Department of Trade and Industry in May 2006 . In 2007 , they argued against a CWU strike saying it would harm their cause .
On 29 June 2007 , they moved to become the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Department for Transport , with shipping , aviation and road safety amongst their responsibilities , and was replaced as Minister for London by Tessa Jowell .
In 2008 , during the Christmas period , Fitzpatrick and their wife visited Bangladesh , touring the development projects supported by the Canary Wharf Group . The purpose of the trip was to re-visit the country since 1999 , and see the regeneration projects that this group supports . During their visit , they visited the Football Academy in Dhaka , also to Jagannathpur and Sylhet , where many Bangladeshis in the UK originate from including many in their constituency . Fitzpatrick was promoted to Minister of Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs in the June 2009 reshuffle . They kept this role until Labour 's defeat at the 2010 General Election .
In August 2009 , Fitzpatrick left a wedding at the London Muslim Centre when they were told it would be segregated by gender . In a local newspaper article , they blamed the Islamic Forum Europe for encouraging segregation , though the couple claimed Fitzpatrick had `` hijacked [ the wedding ] for political gain '' . Fitzpatrick stated they had left the wedding as discreetly as possible : `` it was never my intention to offend Mr Islam and if they think that I 'm done so then of course I will apologise to him '' .
2010 Parliament
Following boundary changes , Fitzpatrick contested the newly created Poplar and Limehouse constituency in 2010 , and was returned with a 4.7 % swing to Labour , contrary to the national swing against the party .
They were campaigned manager for former Labour MP Oona King ( Baroness King of Bow ) in their failed attempt to be endorsed as the Labour candidate in the 2012 London Mayoral Election . From 2010 until their resignation in 2013 , they served as Shadow Minister of State for Transport , covering aviation , shipping and road safety , their former ministerial brief . Fitzpatrick was a parliamentary supporter of Labour Friends of Israel .
In August 2013 , they resigned from their front bench role as Shadow Transport Spokesman in order to vote against both Labour and Government motions on the use of chemical weapons in Syria stating they were `` opposed to military intervention in Syria , full stop '' .
2015 and 2017 Parliament
In December 2015 , Fitzpatrick voted for the use of UK air strikes in Syria against ISIS .
Fitzpatrick was one of 13 MPs to vote against triggering the 2017 general election .
Fitzpatrick has spoken of a desire to implement the decision of the 2016 Brexit referendum and was one of five Labour rebels to support Theresa May 's Brexit deal in March 2019 ; they have voted against proposals for softer forms of Brexit such as EEA membership , against party colleague , Yvette Cooper 's amendment to delay Brexit to avoid no deal and for then chair of the Conservative 1922 Committee Graham Brady 's amendment to weaken the Northern Irish backstop .
In June 2019 , they announced that they would not stand for re-election to Parliament , having said that the 2017 general election would be their last election .
Personal life and honours
Fitzpatrick is married to Dr Sheila Fitzpatrick . They have two children from a previous marriage .
In 2011 , Fitzpatrick was honoured to receive the Freedom of the City of London and subsequently was admitted as a Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Shipwrights . In 2017 , they were elected to the Court of the Shipwrights Livery and made a Younger Brother at Trinity House . They are an honorary associate of the National Secular Society . In October 2021 they were awarded Freedom of the Borough of Tower Hamlets .
References
External links
Official site
Twitter
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Ask Aristotle : Jim Fitzpatrick MP
BBC Newsnight Interview
Debrett 's People of Today
1952 births
British Roman Catholics
People educated at Holyrood Secondary School
Labour Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Living people
Socialist Workers Party ( UK ) members
Labour Friends of Israel
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
Politicians from Glasgow
Members of Trinity House
Blow Me Down Provincial Park is a smaller Provincial Park on the west coast of the island of Newfoundland . The park is located on Route 450 , about 60 km ( 37 mi ) west of Corner Brook and the Trans-Canada Highway , on a small peninsula between Lark Harbour and York Harbour at the mouth of the Bay of Islands .
See also
List of Newfoundland and Labrador parks
List of Canadian provincial parks
List of National Parks of Canada
References
Provincial parks of Newfoundland and Labrador
Common Craft is a small instructional video company owned by Sachi and Lee LeFever in Seattle , Washington , USA .
Product
The company focuses on building a library of educational videos on a variety of topics that are easy to understand for people without a technical background . The videos use stop-action animation with whiteboards and paper cut-outs to illustrate the topic . Common Craft creates videos in four categories ( Technology , Social Media , Internet Safety , Money and Society ) and in five languages ( English , French , German , Portuguese , and Spanish ) .
Since 2007 , Common Craft has created over 70 videos that have been viewed millions of times online . One of the most popular films , `` Twitter in Plain English '' , has been viewed over 10 million times since being published on the host 's YouTube and dotSUB in March 2008 . The video explaining how a president is elected in the United States has been viewed more than 600,000 times .
Common Craft also provides a video making service whereby Common Craft may be commissioned to produce a video . Common Craft has been hired by many companies to explain their products and services , including Ford for Sync and Google for Google Reader . A video made for Dropbox was placed on Dropbox 's homepage and was viewed 25 million times .
Common Craft has made videos on a number of topics :
Technology
Social Media
Internet Safety
Money
Society
Awards
Webby Award Honoree , Best Writing - 2009
Webby Award Honoree , Technology Online Film and Video - 2008
Merlot Classics Award , Faculty Development - 2008
References
External links
Corporate website
Companies based in Seattle
The Infinity Gauntlet is a five-issue American comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics as part of the 2015 Secret Wars crossover . It was written by Gerry Duggan and drawn by Dustin Weaver . The series was initially published between July 2015 and January 2016 before being collected into a single volume .
The story is set on Battleworld , in a realm where the 2006 Annihilation storyline had an alternate ending .
Plot
The Bakian Clan ( a group of humans who survived the attacks of the Annihilation Wave ) are shadowed by an unknown figure as they scrounge for food in the ruins of New Xandar , but their dog Zigzag is only able to find canned dog food for them to eat . Later that night , Menzin tells their youngest daughter Fayne about how their mother left to reinforce the Nova Corps and will someday return . The elder daughter Anwen believes their mother to be dead as evidenced by the arrival of the Annihilation Wave . An argument between their father and the girls ' maternal grandfather ensues which attracts the attention of the bugs forcing the Bakian Clan to flee for their lives . During the resulting chase , Anwen falls into a bug nest . As they fight for their life , they discover the Mind Infinity Gem . Hearing explosions on the surface , they climb out and comes face to face with a Nova who removes their helmet , revealing themselves to be Anwen 's mother as the two then embrace . Anwen 's mother says `` everything will be alright '' . Meanwhile , Thanos watching from the shadows in a building disagrees with what they overheard and it is revealed they have the Time Gem .
Eve reunited Anwen with the rest of the Bakian clan and gave each of them Nova suits . After escaping from a horde of bugs by using the Mind Gem Anwen had found , they tried to retreat to the Nova HQ , but found the place wrecked with the Novas stationed there killed and the gem in their possession missing . At the other side of New Xandar , Star-Lord returns to Gamora who is revealed to be the possessor of the gem ( the Space Gem ) that was on the Nova HQ , having scavenged the HQ and found it between the attack and the Bakians ' arrival .
As they had gone back in time to before the Bakian clan reunited with Eve , Thanos posed as an ally , to the point of giving them the Time Gem to earn their trust , and accompanied them in their journey , which remained the same as originally . After finding the ravaged Nova HQ , the Bakian clan and Thanos confronted Star-Lord and Gamora , forcing them to stop fighting by using the Mind Stone . In exchange for three Nova Stars , they acquired the Space Gem . Because they wanted to achieve a common goal , the destruction of the Annihilation Wave , Star-Lord and Gamora joined the Bakian clan and Thanos in their mission . The next gem , the Power Stone , was found being protected by Groot , who gave it to them and joined their party .
Through a vision , Eve was guided by the Stones to Magus City , a sanctuary under the protection of Adam Warlock ( wielder of the Soul Stone ) who used it to keep the Annihilation Wave at bay . Unbeknown to the Balkian and their allies , Adam also fed on the souls of the inhabitants of the city to power themselves and keep the monsters away . When the Balkian were received by Warlock and their Knights of Xandar , Eve went straight to the point and demanded to take the Soul Stone to complete the Infinity Gauntlet and destroy the Annihilation Wave . Warlock opposed Eve leading to a fight for the ownership of the Stone , while the rest of the Balkian Clan and their allies confronted the Knights . Drax the Destroyer ( a being bent on hunting down Thanos ) interrupted into the battle and demanded the presence of Thanos . The Balkians attacked him , initially believing them to be an enemy . When Warlock used the Soul Stone on Eve to control her , they discovered the full use they gave to the Stone . Thanos tackled Warlock and saved Eve before their soul was consumed and took the Soul Stone for himself . Thanos turned to Eve and seemingly killed them before taking the other four Stones from them and unleashing their power .
Critical reception
The series debuted to positive reviews , averaging a score of 8.3 out of 10 based on 13 reviews according to review aggregator Comic Book Roundup .
References
2015 comics debuts
Crossover comics
Marvel Comics limited series
Comics about parallel universes
Science fiction comics
Superhero comics
Smedberg may refer to :
People
Martin Smedberg , Swedish football midfielder
Education
T.R . Smedberg Middle School , Sacramento , California
Berardino Lombardi ( born 10 May 1990 ) is an Italian motorcycle racer who has competed in the 125cc World Championship , the Supersport World Championship and the European Superstock 600 Championship . They won the CIV Stock 600 Championship in 2011 .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
( key )
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
( key )
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Benevento
Alisher Uzoqov ( sometimes spelled Alisher Uzakov in English ) ( ) ( born August 25 , 1984 ) is an Uzbek actor , film director , singer , and professional footballer . Uzoqov received widespread recognition and acclaim in Uzbekistan after starring in the 2009 Uzbek drama Janob hech kim ( Mr. Nobody ) . Since then they have starred in many Uzbek comedy films . Uzoqov has also recorded a few songs .
Uzoqov has also tried their hand at directing . They have directed three films , namely , Mening akam boʻydoq ! ( My Brother is a Bachelor ! ) ( 2011 ) , Endi dadam boʻydoq ? ( Now My Father is a Bachelor ? ) ( 2012 ) , and Kuzda gullagan daraxt ( The Tree That Blossomed in the Fall ) ( 2015 ) . In 2013 , the actor announced their plans to quit acting , but has appeared in several films since .
Since 2012 , Uzoqov has played for Istiqlol Football Club which competes in the Uzbekistan First League . In 2016 , they became vice president of the Andijan Province Football Federation .
Life
Alisher Uzoqov was born on August 25 , 1984 , in Tashkent , Uzbek SSR , USSR . They are a grandson of the celebrated Uzbek folk singer Maʼmurjon Uzoqov . Their father , Muhammadjon Uzoqov , is a singer and actor . Their mother , Shohida Uzoqova , is also a movie actor and has appeared alongside Uzoqov in several films , most notably in Soʻnggi lahza ( The Last Moment ) ( 2009 ) , Tundan tonggacha ( From Dusk to Dawn ) ( 2009 ) , Mening akam boʻydoq ! ( My Brother is a Bachelor ! ) ( 2011 ) , Uchrashuv ( The Meeting ) ( 2011 ) , Soʻnggi qoʻngʻiroq ( The Last Bell ) ( 2012 ) , and Tundan tonggacha davom etadi ... ( From Dusk to Dawn Continues ... ) ( 2012 ) . Uzoqov is married and has a son ( Firdavs 2012 ) and a daughter ( Soliha 2014 ) .
Filmography
Actor
Music video appearances
Director
Screenwriter
Awards
Although they do not have more awards , most people enjoy their starring films and appreciate their acting talent .
Discography
Music videos
Football career
Since 2012 , Uzoqov has played for Istiqlol Football Club which competes in the Uzbekistan First League . In 2016 , they became vice president of the Andijan Province Football Federation .
References
External links
1984 births
Ethnic Uzbek people
Living people
Uzbekistani male film actors
21st-century Uzbekistani male singers
21st-century Uzbekistani male actors
Uzbekistani footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Athanasios 'Thanasis ' Garavelis ( ; born 6 August 1992 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League club Lamia .
Career
On 20 June 2019 , Garavelis joined newly promoted side Volos , on a free transfer .
On 8 June 2021 , Lamia announced they had signed a contract with the club .
Career statistics
References
1992 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Gamma Ethniki players
Delta Ethniki players
Football League ( Greece ) players
Kozani F.C . players
Xanthi F.C . players
Panthrakikos F.C . players
Panegialios F.C . players
Volos N.F.C . players
PAS Lamia 1964 players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Kozani
Starlord is an open-ended , computer moderated , space-based play-by-mail game . Designed and moderated by Mike Singleton , gameplay began initially in the United Kingdom , with Flying Buffalo launching a version in the United States in 1983 . Gameplay is limited to 50 players roleplaying as Starlords with the goal of becoming emperor by conquering the Throne Star . Starlord was reviewed multiple times in magazines such as Dragon and The Space Gamer in the early 1980s , receiving generally positive reviews , with one reviewer noting the possibility of the game lasting for years .
Publication history
Mike Singleton designed Starlord . They moderated the game using their Commodore PET . Singleton started gameplay in the United Kingdom , but as of 1983 , Flying Buffalo began running the game in the United States as well .
Starlord was based on a 1977 board game of the same name invented by Gary Bedrosian and Lee Elmendorf .
Gameplay
The game depicted a galactic empire on the decline , in a 1000-star galaxy , in which 50 players took the part of `` starlords '' trying to become emperor by conquering the Throne Star . At the outset , players controlled one Base Star out of 1,000 available . The `` Empyr '' controlled the non-assigned stars , `` with up to ten ships at each and several hundred at the central Throne Star '' . However , `` sadly , the last Emperor has died , and the Empyr is run by imperial computers '' , proving an opportunity for players to seize the throne . A player that took the Throne Star received various benefits , including control of the Empyr 's forces and free turns , but also acquired `` up to 49 enemies '' .
Lee Simpson noted in the Winter 1983 issue of Flagship magazine that `` Mike Singleton has since admitted , in earlier Starlord games the Throne Star was initially too lightly garrisoned '' , allowing players to become Emperor early in the game .
Reception
W.G . Armintrout reviewed Starlord in the March 1982 issues of The Space Gamer . Armintrout commented that `` In my opinion , Starlord is one of the top five PBM games going . I highly recommend it to all gamers , even those who have never yet tried this type of game . ''
In the April 1983 edition of Dragon ( Issue 72 ) , Michael Gray stated `` A player who becomes Emperor early in a game , and is then dethroned and eliminated , may still win the game by accumulating lots of points during their or their reign . But with 50 players per game , Starlord could take many years to complete . ''
W.G . Armintrout reviewed Starlord again in the May–June 1983 issue of The Space Gamer . Armintrout commented that `` Starlord continues to receive my highest recommendation – a masterpiece of game design , ridiculously easy to play yet moderately challenging . Those who have never tried PBM could start here . I have only two quibbles : You ca n't choose your player name ( you are named after your Base Star ) , and the map should have a circular frame . ''
See also
List of play-by-mail games
References
Flying Buffalo games
Play-by-mail games
In international relations , power is defined in several different ways . Material definitions of state power emphasize economic and military power . Other definitions of power emphasize the ability to structure and constitute the nature of social relations between actors . Power is an attribute of particular actors in their interactions , as well as a social process that constitutes the social identities and capacities of actors .
International relations scholars use the term polarity to describe the distribution of power in the international system . Unipolarity refers to an international system characterized by one hegemon ( e.g . United States in the post-Cold War period ) , bipolarity to an order with two great powers or blocs of states ( e.g . the Cold War ) , and multipolarity refers to the presence of three or more great powers . Those states that have significant amounts of power within the international system are referred to as small powers , middle powers , regional powers , great powers , superpowers , or hegemons , although there is no commonly accepted standard for what defines a powerful state .
Entities other than states can have power in international relations . Such entities can include multilateral international organizations , military alliance organizations like NATO , multinational corporations like Wal-Mart , non-governmental organizations such as the Roman Catholic Church , or other institutions such as the Hanseatic League and technology companies like Facebook and Google .
History
Concepts of political power
Michael Barnett and Raymond Duvall define power as `` the production , in and through social relations , of effects that shape the capacities of actors to determine their circumstances and fate . '' They reject definitions of power that conflate power as any and all effects because doing so makes power synonymous with causality . They also reject persuasion as part of the definition of power , as it revolves around actors freely and voluntarily changing their minds once presented with new information .
Political scientists , historians , and practitioners of international relations ( diplomats ) have used the following concepts of political power :
Power as a goal of states or leaders ;
Power as a measure of influence or control over outcomes , events , actors and issues ;
Power as victory in conflict and the attainment of security ;
Power as control over resources and capabilities ;
Power as status , which some states or actors possess and others do not .
Power as a goal
The primary usage of `` power '' as a goal in international relations belongs to political theorists , such as Niccolò Machiavelli and Hans Morgenthau . Especially among Classical Realist thinkers , power is an inherent goal of humankind and of states . Economic growth , military growth , cultural spread etc . can all be considered as working towards the ultimate goal of international power . The German military thinker Carl von Clausewitz is considered to be the quintessential projection of European growth across the continent . In more modern times , Claus Moser has elucidated theories centre of distribution of power in Europe after the Holocaust , and the power of universal learning as its counterpoint . Jean Monnet was a French left-wing social theorist , stimulating expansive Eurocommunism , who followed on the creator of modern European community , the diplomat and statesman Robert Schuman .
Power as influence
Political scientists principally use `` power '' in terms of an actor 's ability to exercise influence over other actors within the international system . This influence can be coercive , attractive , cooperative , or competitive . Mechanisms of influence can include the threat or use of force , economic interaction or pressure , diplomacy , and cultural exchange .
Under certain circumstances , states can organize a sphere of influence or a bloc within which they exercise predominant influence . Historical examples include the spheres of influence recognized under the Concert of Europe , or the recognition of spheres during the Cold War following the Yalta Conference . The Eastern Bloc , the Western Bloc , and the Non-Aligned Movement were the blocs that arose out of the Cold War contest . Military alliances like NATO and the Warsaw Pact are another forum through which influence is exercised . However , `` realist '' theory attempted to maintain the balance of power from the development of meaningful diplomatic relations that can create a hegemony within the region . British foreign policy , for example , dominated Europe through the Congress of Vienna after the defeat of France . They continued the balancing act with the Congress of Berlin in 1878 , to appease Russia and Germany from attacking Turkey . Britain has sided against the aggressors on the European continent—i.e . the German Empire , Nazi Germany , Napoleonic France or the Austrian Empire , known during the Great War as the Central Powers and , in World War II as the Axis Powers .
International orders have both a material and social component . Martha Finnemore argues that unipolarity does not just entail a material superiority by the unipole , but also a social structure whereby the unipole maintains its status through legitimation , and institutionalization . In trying to obtain legitimacy from the other actors in the international system , the unipole necessarily gives those actors a degree of power . The unipole also obtains legitimacy and wards off challenges to its power through the creation of institutions , but these institutions also entail a diffusion of power away from the unipole . David Lake has argued along similar lines that legitimacy and authority are key components of international order .
Susan Strange made a key contribution to International Political Economy on the issue of power , which they considered essential to the character and dynamics of the global economy . Strange was skeptical of static indicators of power , arguing that it was structural power that mattered . In particular , interactions between states and markets mattered . They pointed to the superiority of the American technology sector , dominance in services , and the position of the U.S. dollar as the top international currency as real indicators of lasting power . They distinguished between relational power ( the power to compel A to get B to do something B does not want to do ) and structural power ( the power to shape and determine the structure of the global political economy ) . Political scientists Henry Farrell and Abraham L. Newman argue that state power is in part derived from control over important nodes in global networks of informational and financial exchange , which means that states can `` weaponize interdependence '' by fighting over control of these nodes .
Power as security
Power is also used when describing states or actors that have achieved military victories or security for their state in the international system . This general usage is most commonly found among the writings of historians or popular writers .
Power as capability
American author Charles W. Freeman , Jr. described power as the following :
Power is also used to describe the resources and capabilities of a state . This definition is quantitative and is most often used by geopoliticians and the military . Capabilities are thought of in tangible terms—they are measurable , weighable , quantifiable assets . A good example for this kind of measurement is the Composite Indicator on Aggregate Power , which involves 54 indicators and covers the capabilities of 44 states in Asia-Pacific from 1992 to 2012 . Hard power can be treated as a potential and is not often enforced on the international stage .
Chinese strategists have such a concept of national power that can be measured quantitatively using an index known as comprehensive national power .
Michael Beckley argues that gross domestic product and military spending are imprecise indicators of power . They argue that better measurements of power should take into account `` net '' indicators of powers : `` [ Gross ] indicators systematically exaggerate the wealth and military capabilities of poor , populous countries , because they tally countries ' resources without deducting the costs countries pay to police , protect , and serve their people . A country with a big population might produce vast output and field a large army , but it also may bear massive welfare and security burdens that drain its wealth and bog down its military , leaving it with few resources for power projection abroad . ''
Power as status
Definitions
Much effort in academic and popular writing is devoted to deciding which countries have the status of `` power '' , and how this can be measured . If a country has `` power '' ( as influence ) in military , diplomatic , cultural , and economic spheres , it might be called a `` power '' ( as status ) . There are several categories of power , and inclusion of a state in one category or another is fraught with difficulty and controversy . In their famous 1987 work , The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers , British-American historian Paul Kennedy charts the relative status of the various powers from AD 1500 to 2000 . They do not begin the book with a theoretical definition of `` great power '' ; however they list them , separately , for many different eras . Moreover , they use different working definitions of great power for different eras . For example ;
Neorealist scholars frequently define power as entailing military capabilities and economic strength . Classical realists recognized that the ability to influence depended on psychological relationships that touched on ethical principles , legitimacy and justice , as well as emotions , leaders ' skill and power over opinion .
Categories of power
In the modern geopolitical landscape , a number of terms are used to describe various types of powers , which include the following :
Superpower : In 1944 , William T. R. Fox defined superpower as `` great power plus great mobility of power '' and identified three states , the British Empire , the Soviet Union and the United States . With the decolonisation of the British Empire following World War II , and then the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 , the United States has remained to be the sole superpower . China is now considered an emerging global superpower by many scholars .
Great power : In historical mentions , the term great power refers to the states that have strong political , cultural and economical influence over nations around them and across the world .
Middle power : A subjective description of influential second-tier states that could not quite be described as great or small powers . A middle power has sufficient strength and authority to stand on its own without the need of help from others ( particularly in the realm of security ) and takes diplomatic leads in regional and global affairs . Clearly not all middle powers are of equal status ; some are members of forums such as the G20 and play important roles in the United Nations and other international organisations such as the WTO .
Small power : The International System is for the most part made up by small powers . They are instruments of the other powers and may at times be dominated ; but they can not be ignored .
Other categories
Regional power : This term is used to describe a nation that exercises influence and power within a region . Being a regional power is not mutually exclusive with any of the other categories of power . The majority of them exert a strategic degree of influence as minor or secondary regional powers . A primary regional power ( like Australia ) has often an important role in international affairs outside of its region too .
Cultural superpower : Refers to a country whose culture , arts or entertainment have worldwide appeal , significant international popularity or large influence on much of the world . Countries such as China , India , Italy , Japan , Spain , France , the United Kingdom , the United States , Jamaica have often been described as cultural superpowers , although it is sometimes debated on which one meets such criteria . Unlike traditional forms of national power , the term cultural superpower is in reference to a nation 's soft power capabilities .
Energy superpower : Describes a country that supplies large amounts of energy resources ( crude oil , natural gas , coal , uranium , etc . ) to a significant number of other states , and therefore has the potential to influence world markets to gain a political or economic advantage . Saudi Arabia and Russia , are generally acknowledged as the world 's current energy superpowers , given their abilities to globally influence or even directly control prices to certain countries . Australia and Canada are potential energy superpowers due to their large natural resources .
Hard , soft and smart power
Some political scientists distinguish between two types of power : Hard and Soft . The former is coercive ( example : military invasion ) while the latter is attractive ( example : broadcast media or cultural invasion ) .
Hard power refers to coercive tactics : the threat or use of armed forces , economic pressure or sanctions , assassination and subterfuge , or other forms of intimidation . Hard power is generally associated to the strongest of nations , as the ability to change the domestic affairs of other nations through military threats . Realists and neorealists , such as John Mearsheimer , are advocates of the use of such power for the balancing of the international system .
Joseph Nye is the leading proponent and theorist of soft power . Instruments of soft power include debates on cultural values , dialogues on ideology , the attempt to influence through good example , and the appeal to commonly accepted human values . Means of exercising soft power include diplomacy , dissemination of information , analysis , propaganda , and cultural programming to achieve political ends .
Others have synthesized soft and hard power , including through the field of smart power . This is often a call to use a holistic spectrum of statecraft tools , ranging from soft to hard .
See also
Balance of power ( international relations )
Global police officer
International relations ( 1814–1919 )
National power
Peace through strength
Power Politics
Power ( social and political )
Power transition theory
References
Further reading
Bennett , Andrew ( 2013 ) . `` The mother of all isms : Causal mechanisms and structured pluralism in International Relations theory . '' European Journal of International Relations .
Barnett , Michael ; Duvall , Raymond ( 2005 ) . `` Power in International Politics '' . International Organization 59 ( 1 ) : 39–75 .
Geopolitical rivalry
Political history
Chocolate Bayou is an unincorporated community in eastern Brazoria County , Texas , United States . According to the Handbook of Texas , the community had a population of 60 in 2000 . It is located within the Greater Houston metropolitan area .
History
Chocolate Bayou is located near the bayou of the same name . This area was originally part of a land grant to Stephen F. Austin and James Franklin Perry . Perry 's sister , Emily Austin Perry , operated the Peach Point Plantation . It produced cotton and sugar . By 1911 , Chocolate Bayou gained its first post office , and three years later , the St. Louis , Brownsville and Mexico Railway established service through the area . During that time , it had 25 residents , a general store , and two hay shippers . The discovery of oil occurred in 1946 . The post office closed in 1950 and the population dropped to 50 . Its only business closed in 1966 . In 1920 , the community counted 150 residents , its highest population total through 1990 and 2000 when it counted 60 people .
Geography
Chocolate Bayou is located on Farm to Market Road 1297 between Texas State Highway 35 and FM 2403 in eastern Brazoria County .
Education
The Alvin Independent School District operates schools in the area . Children attend R.L . Stevenson Primary School , Walt Disney Elementary School , Alvin Junior High School , and Alvin High School .
Notable person
James Elijah Brown Perry ( born May 17 , 1830 , in Potosi , Missouri ; died February 14 , 1831 , in Chocolate Bayou )
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Brazoria County , Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
The Meat Purveyors were an American alternative country bluegrass band from Austin , Texas , United States . The Meat Purveyors consist of Bill Anderson ( an Austin Music Hall of Fame inductee ) on guitar , Jo Stanli Walston on vocals , Cherilyn diMond on upright bass , and Pete Stiles on mandolin . Founded in 1996 , the band released six records on the Bloodshot label between 1998 and 2008 .
Musical style and influence
The Meat Purveyors have a wide range of influences , as evidenced by the variety of artists that they pay tribute to in their recorded covers , including songs by Ronee Blakley , Nick Lowe , ABBA , Foreigner , The Human League and Ratt . The band also has a reputation for `` sassy stage play '' , `` immaculate harmonies '' and `` a relentless percussive pace '' .
Band history
Formation
In Austin , Texas , during the summer of 1996 , Bill Anderson ( now in Austin 's Captain Beefheart-influenced Churchwood ) and Jo Walston ( who had previously collaborated as members of the band Joan of Arkansas ) initiated the formation of The Texas Meat Purveyors , and quickly drew Cherilyn diMond , Pete Stiles and Nora Floyd into the project .
Sweet in the Pants and More Songs About Buildings and Cows
In the spring of 1997 , the Texas Meat Purveyors played a showcase at South By Southwest . A representative from Bloodshot Records was on hand , and after the showcase they offered the band a recording contract which they accepted .
At this point , the band renamed themselves `` The Meat Purveyors '' , to avoid infringing on the use of `` Texas Meat Purveyors '' by an actual meat purveying business that was also operating in Austin , Texas . In late 1997 , the band released their first album on the Bloodshot label , Sweet in the Pants .
In the summer of 1999 the band released More Songs About Buildings and Cows . However , by New Year 's Eve 1999/2000 , the band went on hiatus , announcing that they had broken up for good .
Reunion and later recordings
In September 2001 , the Meat Purveyors regrouped , and by the end of the following year they released the new album , All Relationships are Doomed to Fail . In the summer of 2004 , the Meat Purveyors released Pain by Numbers , their fourth album on the Bloodshot label . The Meat Purveyors released their most recent Bloodshot album , Someday Soon Things Will Be Much Worse ! , in the summer of 2006 .
In October of the same year they once again called it quits because Cherilyn diMond decided to get married and head off to Maine . They thought better of it ( the moving to Maine , not the getting married ) , and not being able to stay apart forever they toured once during 2007 and then again in 2008 .
In August 2008 they also released a new EP of three Bill Anderson ( one with Jo Walston 's help ) originals , and four covers entitled Come And Take It . They are currently on yet another hiatus .
Discography
1998 : Sweet in the Pants ( Bloodshot Records )
1999 : More Songs About Buildings and Cows ( Bloodshot Records )
1999 : The Madonna Trilogy 7 '' Single ( Bloodshot Records )
2002 : All Relationships are Doomed to Fail ( Bloodshot Records )
2004 : Pain By Numbers ( Bloodshot Records )
2006 : Someday Soon Things Will Be Much Worse ! ( Bloodshot Records )
2008 : Come And Take It EP ( Bloodshot Records )
References
External links
[ The Meat Purveyors ] at Allmusic.com
The Meat Purveyors at Bloodshot Records
Musical groups from Austin , Texas
American alternative country groups
Musical groups established in 1996
1996 establishments in Texas
Bloodshot Records artists
Luanshya District is a district of Zambia , located in Copperbelt Province . The capital lies at Luanshya . As of the 2000 Zambian census , the district had a population of 147,908 people .
References
Districts of Copperbelt Province
Luanshya
Melville Richard John Guest ( born 18 November 1943 ) is a British former diplomat and first-class cricketer .
They were born in what was then Salisbury , Southern Rhodesia , two weeks after the death of their father , Ernest Melville Charles Guest , a RAF pilot who was killed in action over the English Channel . They were educated at Rugby School and Magdalen College , Oxford , where they played cricket for the University from 1964–1966 and earned a Blue . In the Varsity Match of 1965 , Guest and their fellow batsman Mike Groves were barracked by the crowd for slow scoring , with 15 consecutive maiden overs bowled by the two Cambridge spinners . They were elected President of Vincent 's Club in 1966 .
They entered the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) in 1966 , with a first posting to Tokyo in 1967 . After a tour of duty in Paris , they temporarily left the FCO and was managing director of Lucas France from 1980 to 1985 . They were then a director of the Channel Tunnel Group before returning to the FCO in Tokyo in 1986 as commercial counsellor . Their last overseas posting was as political counsellor and consul general in Stockholm . They returned to the UK as head of the South Pacific department and then head of the South East Asia department . They left the FCO to become chief executive of Asia House , during which time they also took the role of executive director of the UK-Korea Forum for the Future and of the UK-Japan 21st Century Group . They were also the secretary of the UK-India Round Table . They were a senior advisor for corporate and external affairs to Imperial College , London , 2005–13 .
They were appointed OBE in the 2007 Queen 's Birthday Honours for services to Britain 's relations with Asia .
References
External links
Melville Guest at CricketArchive
Melville Guest at ESPNcricinfo
1943 births
Living people
English cricketers
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Oxford University cricketers
British diplomats
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of Magdalen College , Oxford
Wiltshire cricketers
Voiles is a composition by Claude Debussy for solo piano from 1909 . It is the second piece in a set of twelve préludes published in 1910 . The title may be translated as either veils or sails ; both meanings can be connected to the musical structure ( see below ) . Except for some mild , localized chromaticism and a short pentatonic passage , the entire piece uses the whole-tone scale .
In their published form , the Préludes have their individual titles printed not at the start , but at the end—and in parentheses .
Musical analysis
The composition studies the whole tone scale intensively , with the exception of a brief six-measure section in the pentatonic scale .
The structure of the piece follows a ternary ( A–B–A ' ) form . A begins in m. 1 ; B begins in m. 42 ; and A ' begins in m. 48 . This three-part form is articulated by the dynamic structure : A and A ' have only soft dynamics ( piano or softer ) , while B has a wider dynamic from piano to forte . The B section is also set apart by a faster tempo and increased density of notes . Finally , the A and A ' sections are characterized by a whole-tone scale , while the B section is characterized by an E-flat minor pentatonic scale . The whole-tone scale and the soft dynamics give the A and A ' sections a mysterious and eerie mood . In the B section , the louder dynamics , the faster passage , and the more consonant and familiar pentatonic scale give the listener a break from the eerie tone , allowing a brief moment of clarity .
If interpreting the movement in light of `` veils , '' the eerie , mysterious mood of the A section sounds veiled . The clearer , more open sound of the B section generates an impression that the veil is removed , but returns for the A ' section . If one takes `` sails '' as a possible understanding of the title , that leads to a possible image of a becalmed ship in the A and A ' sections , with the clearer , louder , brighter B section denoting a more open sea and sails full of wind . Generally however , there is no clear structure that the piece fits easily into ; neither ternary form nor binary form fit in with the style of the piece . Some say ( who ? ) that the pentatonic section forms the B part but , in truth , it is not clear enough to state it is definitely ABA . Others argue that it follows a Rounded Binary form more than Ternary form due to the fact that there is an A part , B part and then another bit at the end , concluding all of their ideas .
See also
List of compositions by Claude Debussy
References
Attribution
This article contains information translated from the corresponding article of the German Wikipedia . A list of contributors can be found there at the History section .
External links
Notes on `` Voiles '' on Klavier-noten.de
, Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli
Preludes by Claude Debussy
1910 compositions
Chrysocraspeda ozophanes is a species of moth in the family Geometridae first described by Louis Beethoven Prout in 1918 . It is found in Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo .
External links
Sterrhinae
Moths described in 1918
Moths of Borneo
Francis Xaver Hennemann S.A.C . ( 27 October 1882 – 17 January 1951 ) , was a Titular Bishop in South Africa .
Biography
Hennemann was born in Germany in Holthausen ( Schmallenberg ) . The son of a tradesman visiting the school in Fredeburg ( Schmallenberg ) . In 1907 they became a priest ordained . Pope Pius X appointed them on 16 July 1913 to Titular Bishop of Coptus and ordered them coadjutor of the seriously ill Vicar Apostolic of Cameroon , Heinrich Vieter . As of 7 November 1914 they were appointed Vicar Apostolic of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Yaoundé . Because of their success made them the pope 1933 to Vicar Apostolic of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cape Town . On 2 September 1948 written Hennemann a letter , addressed to all the clergy of their diocese . In this letter they condemned the Nationalist government 's apartheid policy as `` noxious , unchristian and destructive '' . They died in 1951 in Cape Town .
Publications
Author
Sieben Jahre Missionsarbeit in Kamerun , Zeitfragen aus der Weltmission , 1918
Zwei Grundfragen afrikanischer Missionsarbeit , ZM 9 , 1919
Die religiösen Vorstellungen der heidnischen Bewohner Süd-Kameruns , Ehrengabe dt . Wiss. , Franz Fessler ( Hrsg . ) , 1920
Werden und Wirken eines Afrikamissionars . Erlebtes und Erschautes. , Pallottiner Verlag Limburg an der Lahn , 1922
References
1951 deaths
Roman Catholic anti-apartheid activists
White South African anti-apartheid activists
Pallottine bishops
German Roman Catholic missionaries
Roman Catholic missionaries in Cameroon
1882 births
People from Hochsauerlandkreis
German colonial people in Kamerun
Roman Catholic missionaries in South Africa
20th-century Roman Catholic titular archbishops
German emigrants to South Africa
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in South Africa
Roman Catholic bishops of Cape Town
Roman Catholic bishops of Yaoundé
Local elections took place in Parañaque on May 9 , 2022 within the 2022 Philippine general election . Voters will elect for the elective local posts in the city : the mayor , vice mayor , two members of congress , and the 16 councilors , eight each in the two local legislative districts of Parañaque .
Background
Mayor Edwin Olivarez was on third and final term . They ran as representative of city 's first district , switched places with their brother , First District Representative Eric Olivarez , was also on third and final term . Olivarez was challenged by Baclaran Barangay Captain Julius Anthony `` Jun '' Zaide , who broke the long time rule of the Cailles family ( Olivarez 's allies ) in Barangay Baclaran , as well as Kainos Breed Fellowship International founder Gerardo `` Bishop Jherie '' Mores and independents Rolando Aguilar and John Andrew Uy .
Vice Mayor Jose Enrico `` Rico '' Golez was on third and final term . They ran as councilor of the second district . Their party nominated Second District Councilor Vincent Kenneth `` Binky '' Favis to run in their place . Favis faced their fellow councilors , Joan Villafuerte-Densing and Maritess `` Tess '' de Asis from first and second district respectively .
First District Representative Eric Olivarez was term-limited , and ran as mayor . They were replaced by Mayor Edwin Olivarez . Olivarez was challenged by Jayson Moral and Pedro Montano .
Second District Representative Myra Joy Tambunting wo n't run for re-election . Them husband , former Representative Gustavo `` Gus '' Tambunting ran in their place . Tambunting was challenged by Josef Maganduga .
Candidates
Administration coalition
Other coalitions
Other parties
Independents
Results
Names written in bold-Italic are the re-elected incumbents while in italic are incumbents lost in elections .
For Mayor
First District Rep. Eric Olivarez defeated their closest rival , Barangay Baclaran Chairman Julius Anthony `` Jun '' Zaide .
For Vice Mayor
First District Councilor Joan Villafuerte-Densing defeated their fellow councilors Vincent Kenneth `` Coach Binky '' Favis and Maritess `` Tess '' De Asis .
For Representative
First District
Mayor Edwin Olivarez defeated their opponents Jayson Moral and Pedro Montaño .
Second District
Former Representative Gustavo `` Gus '' Tambunting , defeated their closest rival Atty . Josef Maganduga by a thin margin .
City Council Elections
First District
|-bgcolor=black
|colspan=12|
2nd District
|-bgcolor=black
|colspan=12|
References
2022 Philippine local elections
Elections in Parañaque
May 2022 events in the Philippines
2022 elections in Metro Manila
Shieli ( , ) is a district of Kyzylorda Region in southern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the urban-type settlement of Shieli . Population :
Shieli district is located in the middle reaches of the ancient Syr Darya River . In the eastern side there are the ancient cities of Sighnaq , Bestam , known to all , in the southern side the ancient Karatau mountains stretch . Further , the Sarysu River , originating in the Arch and Telikul , is a witness to many historical events . The western part of the district is in contact with the regional center , and the northern part with Kyzylkum , famous for its winds .
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kyzylorda Region
Happyton Mabhuya Bonyongwe is a retired army general who briefly served as Minister of Justice , Legal and Parliamentary Affairs in the cabinet of Zimbabwe from October to November 2017 .
Background
Prior to this they were the director general of the Zimbabwean government intelligence agency , the Central Intelligence Organisation ( CIO ) from 2002 to 2017 . They are a retired Brigadier in the Zimbabwe National Army . As Director General of the CIO they reported directly to president Robert Mugabe , bypassing the Minister for Security . They were appointed Minister of Justice , Legal and Parliamentary Affairs on 9 October 2017 and they were sworn in on the 10th of October 2017 , thereby vacating their CIO post in line with the constitution .
Bonyongwe replaced Emmerson Mnangagwa who previously served as head of the intelligence agency . Mnangagwa had held both posts of Minister of Justice and First Vice President at the same time . In a cabinet reshuffle in October 2017 , Mnangagwa 's ministerial position was given to Bonyongwe . After the 2017 Zimbabwean coup d'etat , Mnangagwa was sworn in as Zimbabwe 's 3rd president but did not retain Bonyongwe as Minister of Justice .
Since 2008 , Bonyongwe is placed on the United States sanctions list .
See also
Joint Operations Command
References
Zimbabwean military personnel
Zimbabwean spies
Living people
1960 births
People from Mashonaland East Province
Cryptocranium laterale is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Audinet-Serville in 1835 . It is known from Bolivia and Brazil .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1835
The Firehouse Restaurant is a fine dining establishment located in historic Old Sacramento , housed in an 1853 redbrick firehouse . It opened as a restaurant in 1960 .
History
In 1850 , Sacramento organized California 's first fire department . After two major fires resulted in extensive damage to the area , a new brick firehouse was built in 1853 to house the fire chief and volunteer crew of Engine Company No . 3 .
A succession of owners and tenants were custodians of the building until its purchase by Newton Cope in 1959 . Mr . Cope undertook a major renovation on the firehouse building , converting it into a small bar and restaurant reminiscent of the Gold Rush Era . This was the first building renovation of the new Historic District . The Firehouse was later designated as a historical landmark .
The Firehouse Restaurant officially opened for business in 1960 . The restaurant has since attracted governors , politicians , diplomats , sports and entertainment celebrities , international business people , tourists and locals . The Firehouse wine list represents more than 2,100 individual labels and its wine cellar houses more than 18,000 bottles .
As the governor of California , Ronald Reagan held both of their inaugural dinners at The Firehouse .
In 1999 Harvego Enterprises purchased the restaurant .
The restaurant has a staircase which was previously used in the Preston Castle ( now the Preston School of Industry ) until it was closed and portions of the castle sold at auction .
In 2004 , the building was used as a set in the 2005 film , Them Minor Thing .
In 2009 , Amgen held a press conference at the restaurant to announce that the city would be included in the 2010 Amgen Tour of California .
The Sacramento chapter of The Salvation Army held its first meeting at the Firehouse Restaurant on May 19 , 1885 . On May 19 , 2010 , the Firehouse Restaurant hosted the chapter 's 125th anniversary meeting .
Awards & recognitions
“ Award of Excellence ” from Wine Spectator Magazine
Sacramento magazine readers voted The Firehouse for various dining awards , including “ Best Wine List , Best Special Occasion , Best Outdoor Dining and Best Old Favorite . ”
Received Sacramento magazine 's Editor 's Choice Award “ The Firehouse Courtyard—Best Atmosphere for Dining . ”
Citysearch awarded The Firehouse the “ Best Special Occasion ” award .
Awarded the “ Award of Unique Distinction ” from Wine Enthusiast Magazine in 2006 and 2007 .
California Restaurant Association 's Best California Wine List Competition Winner
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Sacramento , California
Restaurants in California
Tourist attractions in Sacramento , California
Commercial buildings completed in 1853
Restaurants established in 1959
1959 establishments in California
Jeunesse Sportive de Poto-Poto is a Congolese football club based in the city of Brazzaville in the Republic of the Congo . They currently play in the top domestic Congo Premier League .
External links
Soccerway
Football clubs in the Republic of the Congo
Sports clubs in Brazzaville
The American Free Press is a weekly newspaper published in the United States .
The newspaper 's direct ancestor was The Spotlight , which ceased publication in 2001 when its parent organization , Liberty Lobby , was forced into bankruptcy . One of the paper 's founders was Willis Carto , a white supremacist who promoted antisemitic conspiracy theories and Holocaust denial .
History
American Free Press was founded by Willis Carto . Carto was most politically involved in their career throughout the 1960s . They were known for their extremist ideologies in white supremacist and anti-semitic movements .
Contributors
Writers for the newspaper included Michael Collins Piper , whose work has been characterized as anti-semitic and James P. Tucker , Jr. , a longtime Spotlight reporter whose focus was the Bilderberg Group . Articles by Carto also appeared occasionally . James Edwards , host of The Political Cesspool ( broadcast as a service of the neo-Nazi Stormfront ) , was also a former writer for the newspaper .
The newspaper also runs columns by Joe Sobran , James Traficant , Paul Craig Roberts , Ron Paul , and others . The newspaper 's podcast series has featured guests including Brian Baird , Philip Giraldi , Dean Baker , and others .
Attendees of the 2006 American Free Press/The Barnes Review , conference included Arthur J. Jones , former member Nationalist Socialist White People 's Party .
Some authors of the American Free Press such as Michael Collins Piper and Carto-affiliated institutions such as the Institute for Historical Review have published books which have been published in paper and electronic format on the America First Books website . William B . Fox is the publisher . It promotes nationalist viewpoints similar to those of the American Free Press and its authors .
Eustace Mullins was on the editorial staff of the American Free Press .
Criticism
The Southern Poverty Law Center considers it a hate group and says that it `` carries stories on Zionism , secret 'New World Order ' conspiracies , American Jews and Israel . '' One of the newspaper 's ex-contract reporters , Christopher Bollyn , has advocated on behalf of the 9/11 Truth Movement . The Anti-Defamation League has criticised the newspaper and , in particular , Bollyn for linking of prominent figures in the Jewish community with the events of September 11 , 2001 , and in September 2006 attacked the newspaper for disseminating `` antisemitic propaganda '' .
Pro-Israel conservative activists , such as Kenneth R. Timmerman , have criticized contributors to the American Free Press . In a May 2011 article , contributor Mark Dankof protested the British government 's attempt to shut down Press TV , blaming it on `` media outlets and correspondents with provable connections to the American Jewish lobby ; Israeli intelligence ; and Neo-Conservatives thirsting for a War of Civilizations with Iran specifically , and the Islamic world generally . ''
See also
List of newspapers in the United States
References
External links
Publications with year of establishment missing
Conspiracist media
Weekly newspapers published in the United States
Nationalist organizations
Political theories
Politics and race in the United States
White nationalism in the United States
Antisemitic publications
The Seven Mile Journey is a Danish post-rock band . They have worked with instrumental music since 1999 , which also characterizes their debut album The Journey Studies . The basis of their music is dynamic shifts , gloomy sounds , and long and intense sound surfaces , which invite the listener to absorption .
Discography
Demo
2001 - The Seven Mile Journey
In an Eight Track Universe
The Mystery of Olden
Distant March
When Blizzards are Afraid
Full-length
2006 - The Journey Studies
Through the Alter Ego Justifications
Passenger 's Log , the Unity Fractions
Theme for the Oddmory Philosophies
The Murderer/Victim Monologues
2008 - The Metamorphosis Project
Theme for the Elthenbury Massacre
The Catharsis Session
Identity Journals ( anonymous )
January 4 - The Hypothesis Hours
A Sanctuary for Lugubrious Tracy
Purification - The Journey Transcriptions
2011 - Notes for the Synthesis
Departures
The Alter Ego Autopsies
Simplicity Has a Paradox
The Engram Dichotomy
Transits
The Etiology Diaries
2016 - Templates for Mimesis
Substitutes for Oblivion
The Axiom Anomaly
Causalities
The Oddmory Principle
Tutorials
External links
Official site
Danish post-rock groups
Danish rock music groups
Ansh Gupta ( born 2 July 1996 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for I-League side Sudeva Delhi .
Club career
Born in Delhi , Gupta began their career with Sudeva Delhi in 2018 and was part of the squad announced when the side entered the I-League , India 's second-tier football league . Gupta made their professional debut for Sudeva in their first match of the season against Mohammedan on 9 January 2021 . They started and played 81 minutes as Sudeva were defeated 0–1 .
Career statistics
Club
References
1996 births
Living people
People from Delhi
Indian footballers
Association football midfielders
Sudeva Delhi FC players
I-League players
Footballers from Delhi
Loalwa Braz Vieira ( 3 June 1953 – 19 January 2017 ) was a Brazilian vocalist and musician , best known for providing the lead vocals for the French-Brazilian recording act Kaoma for their 1989 cover of the hit `` '' ( by Ulysses Hermosa , lead singer of the popular Bolivian folk group Los Kjarkas ) , later renamed as `` Lambada '' . They were fluent in four languages , and recorded songs in their native Portuguese , as well as in Spanish , French and English .
Biography
Braz was born in Jacarepaguá , Rio de Janeiro , to a family of musicians : their father was an orchestra leader and their mother was a popular and classical pianist . Braz learned to play the piano at the age of four , and started singing at the age of 13 . They lived in Paris from 1985 , and in Geneva from 2010 until their death in 2017 .
Braz grew up surrounded by the rhythms of Brazil , which shone through their songs . Them natural gifts were strengthened by hard work . Braz quickly obtained many awards , and started performing at Rio 's most prestigious night clubs . Them talent gained them the recognition of Brazil 's greatest pop artists Gilberto Gil , Tim Maia , Alcione , Maria Bethânia , Emílio Santiago , Gal , Costa , and Caetano Veloso , who became their stage and recording co-workers from 1975 to 1985 . They moved to Paris in 1985 , after their success at the Palais des Sports , with the show “ Brésil en Fête ” .
Braz appeared at major show business venues : Paradis Latin , Méridien ( Paris ) , Olympia ( '88 and '92 ) , TLP Dejazet , New Morning , Zenith , Madison Square Garden ( New York City ) , and the London Palladium and Waldorf Astoria ( both London ) . In 1989 , Braz provided vocals for the song “ Lambada ” , recorded by Kaoma , which became a worldwide hit but was originally composed by Ulysses Hermosa , leader of the popular Bolivian folk group 'Los Kjarkas ' and used without their permission ; a settlement for an undisclosed sum was later reached . The success of “ Lambada ” also brought new attention to Latin music in non-Latin regions .
Braz composed and sang two songs for the sound-track of the movie Le Roi Desperados – produced by French television station Canal+ - and performed with the London Philharmonic Orchestra , in Abbey Road , for the sound-track of the French movie Dis-Moi Oui , directed by Alexandre Arcady and with music by Phillipe Sarde . Many songs marked their career : “ Chorando Se Foi ” ( “ Lambada ” ) , “ Tago Mago ” , “ Dançando Lambada ” , “ Mélodie D'Amour ” and “ La Media Noche ” . Braz 's adaptation of the Stevie Wonder song “ Another Star ” into Portuguese ( as “ Outro Lugar ” ) demonstrated their skills , and that was why great names of world music were interested in their compositions and arrangements .
Braz was a member of the Arts , Sciences and Literature French Academy ; they were decorated with the silver medal ( Prix Thorlet ) in 2003 . They released a solo album in 2006 , itself a trip between romanticism and the explosion of rhythms which characterized the artist 's musical style . A new title enriched the singer 's career : Ambassadress of the Association Francophone pours la Promotion de l'Esprit Sportif ( AFPES ) .
Death
In the early hours of 19 January 2017 , police found Braz 's body in a burnt-out car next to a road in Saquarema , 73 km from Rio de Janeiro . They were 63 years old . According to witnesses , two men had been seen earlier in their home , not far from the place where the vehicle was found . Police detained three men as suspects in their death , describing the crime as ' a robbery gone awry ' . According to police investigation , they were murdered by one of their employees , who had started working at the singer 's inn just 15 days prior to their death .
Discography
Solo
Brésil ( 1989 )
Recomeçar ( 2003 )
Ensolarado ( 2011 )
with Kaoma
Worldbeat ( 1989 )
Tribal-Pursuit ( 1991 )
A La Media Noche ( 1998 )
References
External links
Official website
1953 births
2017 deaths
Brazilian dance musicians
Musicians from Rio de Janeiro ( city )
People murdered in Brazil
Brazilian murder victims
Afro-Brazilian women singers
20th-century Brazilian women singers
21st-century Brazilian women singers
21st-century Brazilian singers
The Smokey Bear Show is an American-Japanese animated television series that aired on ABC 's Saturday morning schedule , produced by Rankin/Bass Productions . The show features Smokey Bear , the icon of the United States Forest Service , who was well known for their 1947 slogan , `` Remember ... only YOU can prevent forest fires '' . It aired for one season of 17 episodes starting on September 6 , 1969 , and then aired in reruns for the 1970–1971 season .
The Smokey Bear Show was based on stories created for the Dell Comics Smokey the Bear comic books , which were published as part of Dell 's Four Color anthology series from 1955 to 1961 . The comic featured anthropomorphic animals acting out fables of carelessness and greed , including a story about two bears who are Communist spies , and another about two cynical weasels who want to feed a baby bird to a bobcat in order to sell pictures of the `` tragedy '' to a magazine . The series adapted the comic 's tales for the show , but toned down some of the morbid content . It did not garner high ratings .
American broadcaster and voice-over artist Jackson Weaver performed the voice for the adult Smokey ; the cub Smokey was voiced by Canadian actor Billie Mae Richards . Other voices were provided by Carl Banas and Paul Soles . The series ' animation was outsourced to Japanese studio Toei Doga ( now known as Toei Animation ) , who were also responsible for their overseas animation work on The King Kong Show ( its international co-production with Rankin/Bass ) in 1966 , The Wacky World of Mother Goose in 1967 , and the Thanksgiving special The Mouse on the Mayflower in 1968 .
Previously , Rankin/Bass produced a General Electric Fantasy Hour television special for NBC in 1966 , The Ballad of Smokey the Bear , which featured their trademark stop-motion animation called `` Animagic '' .
While the character is often referred to in popular culture as `` Smokey the Bear '' ( including in the Dell Comics series ) , the correct name is `` Smokey Bear '' , which is reflected in the cartoon 's title and the spinoff Gold Key Comics series .
Opening
The theme song tells a brief summary of the bear 's history : they were saved as a cub from a forest fire in New Mexico by a ranger , who named them Smokey and brought them to Washington , D.C . There , they became a ranger , and we see them don a ranger hat and grab their trusty shovel as they grow to a full size , adult bear . Traveling through the city in a parade , they head for the woods with an important job to do .
This reflects the true story of a real bear cub who was rescued from the May 1950 Capitan Gap Fire in New Mexico . That cub was named Smokey after the already existing ad campaign , which began in 1944 . New Mexico Department of Game and Fish Ranger Ray Bell and their family adopted the cub , and nursed them back to health , with the help of a veterinarian . The story was picked up by the national news service , and upon regaining their health , the bear was taken to the National Zoo in Washington and designated the `` living symbol '' of Smokey Bear .
Description
Each episode contains three cartoons : two featuring Smokey as an adult bear , with the middle cartoon showing Smokey in their cub days titled `` Smokey Bear 's Album . ''
Smokey lives in the forest with their neighbors : Floyd the fox , Benny the rabbit , Bessie the pig , Hiram the snake , Mayor Owl , Freddy Fume , the skunk , Smokey 's cousin Griz , and Gabby the mountain lion . They often have to remind their friends about the principles of fire safety , and the show also stresses other conservation themes .
Comic books
As a tie-in for the cartoon , Gold Key Comics published another Smokey Bear comic book series , this time a quarterly beginning with an issue dated February 1970 . 13 issues were published , ending in March 1973 . In these stories , Smokey was aided by a coyote deputy named Clem . Their TV show friends Bessie Pig , Benny Bunny and Mayor Owl appeared in the comic , along with Mr. and Mrs. Grizzly , Luke and Seth Coyote , Floyd Fox , Mayor Owl 's niece Olivia , Lionel Lion and Sammy Skunk .
Cast
The voice cast included :
Jackson Weaver as Smokey the Bear ( adult )
Billie Mae Richards as Smokey the Bear ( cub ) , Bessie the Pig
Carl Banas as Hiram the Snake , Mayor Owl
Paul Soles as Benny the Rabbit , Floyd the Fox
Crew
Producers/Directors : Arthur Rankin , Jr. , Jules Bass
Script Editor : William J. Keenan
Writers : Shamus Culhane , Frank Freda , Hal Hackady , Fred Halliday , Romeo Muller , William J. Keenan
Music and Lyrics : Maury Laws , Jules Bass
Recording Supervisor : Bernard Cowan
Character Designer : Rod Willis
Animation Supervisor : Steve Nakagawa
Editorial Supervision : Irwin Goldress
Sound Engineers : Stephen Frohock , Gene Coleman , Robert Brown
Episode list
Founder 's Day Folly
Old Club House
One Born Every Second
The Outlaws
Silliest Show on Earth
Mission Improbable
Running Wild
Spooksville
Saga of Gas Bag
Hare Versus Cougar
High Divin '
Spit 'N Polish
Mighty Minerva
Casanova Hare
Great Kite Contest
Bessie Paints the Town
Thar They Blows
Hobo Jackal
Sneaky Beaky
Heroes Are Born
Winter and Still Champ
Freddy 's Big Date
Gone Fishin '
An Apple a Day Keeps
The Not So Merry Mailman
An Ill Wind
The Baby Sitters
The firefighter 's Convention
End of the World
Hizzoner the Admiral
Invention Is the Mother of Necessity
Ancient Caleb Coyote
Haunted Castle
The Honorable Freddy Fume
Gold Medal Grizzly
Treasure Hunt
Leave It to Grizzly
Citizen Fume
Invisible Benny
The Battle of Penny Echo River
Grizzly Rides Again
Build a Better Bridge
Feudin , Fightin ' And Fussin '
Stick 'Em Up
Goal Line Grizzly
The Crabtrees Forever
Hare of a Thousand Faces
Whar Fer Art Thou
The Celebrity
Ice Frolics
The Hambone Heist
References
Rankin/Bass Productions television series
1960s American animated television series
1970s American animated television series
1969 American television series debuts
1971 American television series endings
American children 's animated adventure television series
Animated television series about bears
English-language television shows
Jeffrey John Rotsch ( born July 22 , 1950 ) is a retired ice hockey player and business person . A native of Minneapolis , Minnesota , Rotsch received a BS degree in engineering from the University of Wisconsin in 1972 and an MBA degree in 1974 from the same institution .
Playing career
Southwest High School
Rotsch captained their 1968 Southwest High School Team to the Minneapolis City Conference title with an undefeated conference season . The team won the Regional championship and went on to compete in the Minnesota State Hockey Tournament where they made it to the semifinals in 1968 . They finished the season earning All City , All Region , and All State honors and was the highest scoring defenseman in the City Conference .
University of Wisconsin
Rotsch played 4 years of ice hockey at the University of Wisconsin and was co-captain of the 1972 team . That season they also led WCHA defensemen in points and was awarded All-American honors , becoming the second-ever All-American in UW history . During their collegiate career , Rotsch played in two Frozen Fours ( 1970 , 1972 ) with the Badgers finishing in third place both years . In 1973 , Rotsch served as an assistant coach under head coach Bob Johnson . That year the University of Wisconsin Men 's Ice Hockey team won their first NCAA Hockey Championship .
NHL Draft
They were the first University of Wisconsin player as well as the first Minneapolis High School player to be drafted by the NHL . They were the 112th pick in the 1970 NHL draft and was drafted by the St. Louis Blues . Their draft rights were later traded to the Oakland Seals in 1972 .
Team USA
Rotsch was a member of the 1972 US National Team which competed in the World Hockey Tournament in Bucharest , Romania . Rotsch also played on and co-captained the 1975 US Team in the World Championships in Munich and Dusseldorf , Germany .
Business career
Upon graduation from the University of Wisconsin with their MBA , Rotsch turned down the offer to play professional hockey and chose to start their business career . They started their career in Marketing at General Mills , Inc. in 1974 and spent 37 years at the food giant . During their tenure they served as President of numerous divisions at the company including Big G Cereal , Snacks , Betty Crocker , and Meals . In their final 12 years they were responsible for running Worldwide Sales for GMI with a total salesforce of 10,000
Rotsch has served on a number of boards including Minnesota Public Radio , Family and Children 's Services , and the University of Wisconsin Business School where they served as Chairman for four years .
Awards and recognition
In 2002 , Rotsch was named a University of Wisconsin Distinguished Alumni . They have also been inducted into the Southwest High School Hall of Fame , the University of Wisconsin Hockey Hall of Fame , and , most recently into the Minneapolis Hockey Hall of Fame in 2019 .
Personal life
Jeff and their wife Chris currently reside in Naples , Florida and are parents to two children , Molly & Andrew .
Career statistics
Regular Season and Playoffs
International
Coaching statistics
References
External links
1950 births
AHCA Division I men 's ice hockey All-Americans
American men 's ice hockey defensemen
Ice hockey players from Minneapolis
Living people
St. Louis Blues draft picks
Wisconsin Badgers men 's ice hockey players
Sports coaches from Minneapolis
Eva Pebay-Peyroula ( born 1956 ) is a French biologist and physicist . They study the functions of membrane proteins and in particular membrane transporters .
Biography
Studies
Eva Pebay-Peyroula studied at the Lycée Stendhal in Grenoble where they started to take an interest in science . They then enrolled in the preparatory classes for the `` Grandes Écoles '' . They became interested in meteorology and enrolled in a school to study this field . They reoriented themselves towards physics at the University of Grenoble-Alpes where they completed a master 's degree . In 1979 , they obtained their agrégation in physics . They taught for two years at a high school in Nimes . They completed a `` Diplome d'études approfondies '' ( DEA ) on the interaction between radiation and matter and decided to turn to research . They did their doctoral research in atomic physics at the Laboratoire national des champs magnétiques intense under the direction of Rémy Jost . In 1986 , they defended their doctoral thesis on ethanedial at Joseph-Fourier University .
Career
After their thesis , they obtained a position as a research fellow at the CNRS at the Laue-Langevin Institute . In 1989 , they were appointed lecturer at Joseph-Fourier University . In 1992 , they joined the Institute of Structural Biology . In 1994 they obtained a university degree and became a professor in 1995 at the University of Grenoble-Alpes . In 2001 , they created the membrane protein laboratory at the Institute of Structural Biology . From 2004 to 2014 , they were director of this institute . In May 2010 , they were appointed chairperson of the board of directors of the National Research Agency ( ANR ) . They held this position until 2012 . They have been a member of the Strategic Research Council since 2014 .
Family
They are married and has three children .
Positions and awards
1994 to 1999 : junior member of the Institut universitaire de France
30 November 2004 : election to the French Academy of Sciences
2005 : CNRS silver medal
2006 : Senior member of the Institut universitaire de France
2007 : Chevalier of the Ordre national de la Légion d'Honneur National Order of the Legion of Honour
2016 : Officer of the Ordre national de la Légion d'Honneur
References
1956 births
French physicists
French biologists
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
People from Grenoble
Living people
Azahara Muñoz Guijarro ( born 19 November 1987 ) is a Spanish professional golfer on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour and Ladies European Tour .
Amateur career
Muñoz was born in Málaga , Andalusia in southern Spain and had a successful amateur career in both Europe and the United States . They won the 2002 Spanish Amateur title at age 14 , the 2004 Girls Amateur Championship , and was the 2009 British Ladies Amateur champion . Additionally , they were runner-up to Amanda Blumenherst at the 2008 U.S. Women 's Amateur in Eugene , Oregon , and was a member of Europe 's Junior Solheim Cup Team in 2002 , 2003 , and 2005 .
At Arizona State , they were the 2008 NCAA Individual Champion in their junior year , winning by making a putt at the first hole of a playoff against UCLA 's Tiffany Joh in Albuquerque , New Mexico . Surgery on their right wrist in January 2009 sidelined them for over a month during their senior year . In May , Muñoz finished fourth at the NCAA Championships in Maryland to lead the Sun Devils to the 2009 NCAA team title . They were the Edith Cummings Munson Award recipient in 2008 & 2009 , the only double winner of the award . Muñoz was also 2006–08 NGCA Academic All-American , 2006–09 First-Team All-Pac-10 , 2006–07 NGCA Second-Team All-American , 2009 NGCA All-American and 2009 Pac-10 Scholar of the Year . They graduated magna cum laude from ASU in May 2009 with a bachelor 's degree in psychology and a minor in business .
In a final summer of amateur play , Muñoz won the match-play British Ladies Amateur in Wales over ASU teammate and compatriot Carlota Ciganda , then won gold medals ( individual & team ) for Spain at the 2009 Mediterranean Games in Italy . Although the runner-up in 2008 , they opted not to participate in the 2009 U.S. Women 's Amateur . They played in three professional majors as an amateur in 2009 and placed T-40 twice .
Professional career
2009
Muñoz turned professional in September 2009 , two weeks prior to the first stage of the LPGA Tour Qualifying Tournament in California , in which they finished second and advanced to the final stage in December .
Back in Spain , they received a sponsor 's exemption into the 2009 Madrid Ladies Masters , and made their professional debut on 1 October on the Ladies European Tour ( LET ) . After shooting a 64 ( −9 ) in the final round , they won the three-round event on the first playoff hole , defeating former ASU teammate Anna Nordqvist with an eagle putt ; Muñoz earned €50,000 and a three-year LET exemption .
Following a rain-shortened one-round victory in Barcelona for €5,000 on the Banesto mini-tour in late October , Muñoz finished fifth at the LPGA Final Qualifying Tournament in December in Florida to earn full playing privileges on the LPGA Tour for 2010 . They ended the year ranked 179th in the Women 's World Golf Rankings .
2010
In their rookie season of 2010 , Muñoz made the cut in their first eleven events , and won over $ 402,000 in LPGA competition with two top ten finishes . They made the top twenty in the three majors they played , was 30th on the money list , and 17th in scoring . Muñoz handily won the competition for LPGA Tour Rookie of the Year with 704 points ; the runner-up was compatriot Beatriz Recari with 419 .
They won an additional €26,380 in five events on the Ladies European Tour ( total 2010 LET earnings were €96,633 in seven events , with €70,253 from the two events co-sanctioned by the LPGA ) . Muñoz ended the year at 41st in the world rankings .
2012
Muñoz notched their first LPGA Tour victory at the Sybase Match Play Championship in Gladstone , New Jersey with a 2 and 1 victory over Candie Kung . In the semifinal round of match play against Morgan Pressel , Muñoz trailed by two through 11 holes . Pressel appeared to have won the 12th hole , which would have given them a three-hole lead over Muñoz , but a slow-play penalty was ruled against Pressel . Muñoz ended up winning the semifinal match against Pressel , 2 and 1 . The victory in May vaulted Muñoz from 27th to 19th in the world rankings and from tenth to second on the 2012 money list .
Professional wins ( 6 )
LPGA Tour ( 1 )
LPGA Tour playoff record ( 0–2 )
Ladies European Tour ( 5 )
1 Muñoz sank an eagle putt on the first playoff hole to win .
Results in LPGA majors
Results not in chronological order before 2021 .
^ The Evian Championship was added as a major in 2013
CUT = missed the half-way cut
NT = no tournament
T = tied
Summary
Most consecutive cuts made – 9 ( 2013 Evian – 2015 British Open )
Longest streak of top-10s – 1 ( three times )
LPGA Tour career summary
official through 2021 season
* Includes matchplay and other events without a cut .
World ranking
Position in Women 's World Golf Rankings at the end of each calendar year .
Team appearances
Amateur
Junior Solheim Cup ( representing Europe ) : 2002 , 2003 ( winners ) , 2005
Espirito Santo Trophy ( representing Spain ) : 2006 , 2008
European Ladies ' Team Championship ( representing Spain ) : 2007 ( winners ) , 2008
Professional
Solheim Cup ( representing Europe ) : 2011 ( winners ) , 2013 ( winners ) , 2015 , 2019 ( winners )
International Crown ( representing Spain ) : 2014 ( winners )
Solheim Cup record
References
External links
Spanish female golfers
Arizona State Sun Devils women 's golfers
Ladies European Tour golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
Winners of ladies ' major amateur golf championships
Solheim Cup competitors for Europe
Olympic golfers of Spain
Golfers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Golfers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games medalists in golf
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Spain
Competitors at the 2009 Mediterranean Games
Sportspeople from Málaga
1987 births
Living people
20th-century Spanish women
21st-century Spanish women
Mills College Art Museum is a museum and art gallery in Oakland , California .
The originally all-girls ' school Mills College was founded by Susan and Cyrus Mills , who were both interested in art and history . Susan 's sister Jane Tolman was an art historian who developed the art history curriculum in 1875 . With a Tolman Mills bequest the present museum building was constructed in 1925 called the Mills College Art Gallery . Albert M. Bender , the Mills College Trustee chiefly responsible for the museum 's completion , also made a gift of 40 paintings and 75 prints by contemporary San Francisco Bay Area artists , and since then the gallery has become an important public collection of modern art in Northern California . Bender themselves later became a principal founder of what is now the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art .
References
Official website
Museums in Oakland , California
Modern art museums in the United States
A brand tribe is a group of people who are linked by a shared belief around a brand . Its members are not simply consumers ; they are also believers and promoters . A brand tribe is capable of collective action and therefore has implications for businesses .
The notion of consumer tribe refers to a multiplicity of commercial and non-commercial social groupings , characterized as impermanent , fluid , and ephemeral .
Origins
The concept of tribal consumption comes from the research and writings of numerous academic researchers who have expressed `` tribal-based views of brand . '' Brand Warfare : Ten Rules for Building the Killer Brand , with Michele Owens describes the tribes people belong to as `` determined even less by geography , pedigree , race or religion . Instead , our tribes are determined largely by education and accomplishment , and they are manifested by the things we consume . More and more , they are brand tribes . ''
Much of the research on brand tribalism depicts 21st Century society as a network of micro-cultures or `` tribes . '' Brand tribes are organically and voluntarily formed through individual identification with a brand . Factors that contribute to the formation of a brand tribe are perceived brand authenticity , experiences felt through interaction with the brand , and a collective sense of belonging within a group . Central to the fabric of brand tribes is a deep conviction as to the notion of truth or rightness ( Belief ) .
The concept of Tribal Marketing— '' All Tribes have Brands & All Brands have Tribes '' —was first developed in 1984 at McCann-Erickson Advertising ( Sydney ) by Mark Lovick for Coca-Cola USA . Prior to 1984 the concept of Tribal Marketing did not exist internationally , only socio/economic , and other such demographic `` research statistics '' disciplines were used .
Potential red flags
Much in this area is still under-theorised . Academics have explored and discussed the degree of connectedness between consumers and brands and the implications for post-modern organisations and consumption . Robert Kozinets and Jay Handelman have been among those to call for further conceptualisations .
References
Further reading
Cova , B. and Cova , V. ( 2002 ) , “ Tribal marketing : the tribalisation of society and its impact on the conduct of marketing. ” European Journal of Marketing , Vol . 36 , No.5 & 6 , pp . 595–620 .
Cova , B. and Cova , V. ( 2001 ) ‘ Tribal aspects of postmodern consumption : the case of French in-line roller skaters , ' Journal of Consumer Behaviour , Vol . 1 , No 1 , p. 67-76 .
Kozinets , R . Cova , B. and Shankar , A . ( eds ) ( 2007 ) Consumer Tribes : Theory , Practice , and Prospects , Elsevier/Butterworth-Heinemann , London .
Maffesoli , M. ( 1996 ) , The Time of the Tribes . London .
Brand management
Branding terminology
Product management
The men 's triple jump event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 11 June in Port Louis , Mauritius .
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Triple jump at the African Championships in Athletics
James Raven ( 29 March 1908 – 2 January 1965 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Brentford , Bristol Rovers and Wrexham as a right half .
Career
A right half , Raven began their career at Second Division club Notts County and later dropped into non-League football to join Southern League Eastern Division club Folkestone . Raven returned to the Football League to join Second Division club Brentford in 1934 . They made one appearance for the club , in a 0–0 draw with Nottingham Forest on 28 February 1935 . Raven spent much of their time in the reserve team and won the 1934–35 London Challenge Cup with the team . They later played in both the Third Division North and South for Wrexham and Bristol Rovers respectively , before their career was brought to a halt by the outbreak of the Second World War .
Honours
Brentford Reserves
London Challenge Cup : 1934–35
Career statistics
References
1908 births
Footballers from Nottingham
English footballers
Brentford F.C . players
English Football League players
Folkestone F.C . players
Notts County F.C . players
Southern Football League players
Association football wing halves
Bristol Rovers F.C . players
Wrexham A.F.C . players
1965 deaths
Clapton Orient F.C . wartime guest players
`` Tru Love '' is a song by American recording artist Faith Evans . It was written by Johnta Austin , Evans , Bryan Michael Cox , and Jermaine Dupri for their fourth studio album The First Lady ( 2005 ) , while its production was handled by the latter two . The contemporary R & B ballad was released as the album 's third and final single in October 2005 and reached number 27 on the US Billboard Hot R & B/Hip-Hop Songs chart .
Background
`` Tru Love '' was penned by Evans along with singer Johnta Austin and producers Bryan Michael Cox , and Jermaine Dupri . Phil Tan and Dupri mixed the track , while Brad Todd handled the recording of `` Tru Love '' . Built along a harp , the song is a contemporary R & B ballad reminiscent of other Cox/Dupri collaborations at that time , including Usher 's `` Burn , '' which was released a year prior .
Critical reception
The song garnered a generally mixed to positive reception from music critics . MusicOMH 's Sam Shepherd stated that `` Tru Love '' was `` an understated love song , and it allows Evans to show off an impeccable timing in their delivery . '' They however felt that `` sadly there is little weight or edge to the song and it fails to impress . '' Michael Benning from Blogcritics ranked `` Tru Love '' among those tracks which showed `` off [ Evan 's ] ability to drive slower numbers with sultry relaxed vocals . '' On the other hand , Raymond Fiore from Entertainment Weekly found that the album was `` blemished by a few toothless slow jams '' such as `` Tru Love '' and album cut `` Ever Wonder . ''
Formats and track listings
Promo 12 '' single
`` Tru Love '' ( album version ) – 3:41
`` Tru Love '' ( instrumental ) – 3:41
`` Tru Love '' ( a cappella ) – 3:41
`` Mesmerized '' ( Desert Storm remix radio edit , featuring Snoop Dogg ) – 3:56
`` Mesmerized '' ( Desert Storm remix instrumental ) – 3:56
`` Mesmerized '' ( Desert Storm remix a cappella , featuring Snoop Dogg ) – 3:56
Promo CD single
`` Tru Love '' ( radio version ) – 3:41
`` Tru Love '' ( instrumental ) – 3:41
`` Tru Love '' ( a cappella ) – 3:41
Credits and personnel
Faith Evans – vocals
Jermaine Durpi – production , mixing
Todd Russaw – executive producer
Andrew Shack – executive producer
Phil Tan – mixing
Brad Todd – recording
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
Faith Evans songs
2006 singles
Song recordings produced by Jermaine Dupri
Songs written by Jermaine Dupri
Songs written by Bryan-Michael Cox
Songs written by Johntá Austin
2005 songs
Capitol Records singles
Songs written by Faith Evans
Contemporary R & B ballads
2000s ballads
Zero to One : Notes on Startups , or How to Build the Future is a 2014 book by the American entrepreneur and investor Peter Thiel co-written with Blake Masters . It is a condensed and updated version of a highly popular set of online notes taken by Masters for the CS183 class on startups , as taught by Thiel at Stanford University in Spring 2012 .
Promotion
To promote the book , Peter Thiel sent out their first tweet ever ( and only ) on September 8 , 2014 , from a Twitter account that had been dormant for years . They were also interviewed by Alexia Tsotsis of TechCrunch . On September 9 , Thiel was interviewed on Timothy Ferriss ' podcast . On September 11 , Thiel answered questions for Ask Me Anything on Reddit .
On September 13 , Thiel appeared on NPR with host Wade Goodwyn to discuss the book .
Reception
In The Atlantic , Derek Thomson describes Thiel 's book as possibly the best business book they have ever read . In their review article , they wrote : `` Peter Thiel 's new book , Zero to One , shines like a laser beam . Yes , this is a self-help book for entrepreneurs , bursting with bromides and sunny confidence about the future that only start-ups can build . But much more than that , it 's also a lucid and profound articulation of capitalism and success in the 21st century economy '' and `` it 's surprising in a wonderful way just how simple Zero to One feels . Barely 200 pages long , and well lit by clear prose and pithy aphorisms , Thiel has written a perfectly tweetable treatise and a relentlessly thought-provoking handbook '' .
Publishers Weekly wrote of the book : `` Thiel touches on how to build a successful business , but the discussion is too abstract to offer much to the next Steve Jobs—or Peter Thiel . ''
In November 2014 , Timothy B. Lee reviewed the book for Vox.com , writing that although Thiel 's book contained some good advice , they made the advice sound more contrarian than it really was , did not provide sufficiently concrete advice , and made some questionable claims .
In The New Atlantis , James Poulos compares Thiel to Frederich Nietzsche and argues Thiel , `` the most political and theoretical of the supernerds , '' writes esoterically in Zero to One , when they `` raises the prospect of a remarkably comprehensive failure among our best and brightest . ''
References
2014 non-fiction books
Business books
Books about companies
Entrepreneurship
Gwembe District is a district of Zambia , located in Southern Province . The capital now lies at Munyumbwe ( the capital was formerly Gwembe Town ) . As of the 2016 Zambian Census , the district had a population of 53,117 people .
References
Districts of Southern Province , Zambia
The Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 is a 10.1-inch Android-based tablet computer produced and marketed by Samsung Electronics . It belongs to the fourth generation of the Samsung Galaxy Tab series , which also includes a 7-inch and an 8-inch model , the Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 and Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 . It was announced on 1 April 2014 , and released from 1 May 2014 along with the Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 .
Features
Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 was released with Android 4.4.2 KitKat . Samsung customized the interface with its TouchWiz UX software . Some devices only run up to android 5.0.2 as opposed to the 5.1.1 version . It also has apps from Google , including Google Play , Gmail and YouTube , it has access to Samsung apps such as ChatON , S Suggest , S Voice , S Translator , S Planner , Smart Remote ( Peel ) ( WiFi Version Only ) , Smart Stay , Multi-Window , Group Play , and All Share Play .
The device is available in WiFi-only , 3G & WiFi , and 4G/LTE ( carried by AT & T and Verizon ) & WiFi variants . Storage ranges from 16 GB to 32 GB depending on the model , with a microSDXC card slot for expansion . It has a 10.1-inch WXGA TFT screen with a resolution of 1280x800 pixels . It also features a 1.3 MP front camera without flash and 3.0 MP AF rear-facing camera . It also has the ability to record HD videos . It has GPS and a GLONASS receiver .
References
Samsung Galaxy Tab series
Android ( operating system ) devices
Tablet computers introduced in 2014
Tablet computers
Dystasia similis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Charles Joseph Gahan in 1907 .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1907
Ayvacık is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey . As of 2000 , it had a population of 40 people .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Danny Collins is a 2015 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Dan Fogelman in their feature directorial debut . Inspired by the true story of folk singer Steve Tilston , the film stars Al Pacino , Annette Bening , Jennifer Garner , Bobby Cannavale and Christopher Plummer . The film was released in theaters on March 20 , 2015 .
For their performance , Pacino was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy at the 73rd Golden Globe Awards .
Plot
Aging 1970s rocker Danny Collins can not give up their hard-living ways – but then their manager , Frank Grubman , uncovers a 40-year-old undelivered letter to them from John Lennon . After reading the letter , Danny decides to change their way of life . They travel to New Jersey to attempt to connect for the first time with their grown son , Tom Donnelly , born from a casual relationship with a woman who died 10 years earlier . Tom has a wife , Samantha , and seven-year-old daughter , Hope , and is expecting a second child .
Seeking a new start , Danny forswears touring and checks into a Hilton hotel in New Jersey , much to the delight of the young staff . They begin to woo the hotel manager , Mary , and tries to set up their assistant Jaime on a date .
Tom initially rejects the father they believe abandoned him , but Danny persists , getting Hope , who has ADHD , into an exclusive school for children with special needs . They learn Tom has what doctors say may be terminal leukemia , inherited from their mother , and begins to attend doctor 's visits with him . Tom 's dislike of their father gradually gives way to the need for their support .
Inspired by their feelings for Mary and their happiness at having a family , Danny begins to write new songs . They book a one-night performance at a small club . However , when the audience demands they play their old material , Danny loses their nerve and gives a rote performance . Ashamed , they resume doing drugs , damaging their relationship with Mary and their family . Tom confronts him , causing Danny to angrily reveal Tom 's leukemia diagnosis , something Samantha had not been aware of . Feeling betrayed , Tom tells Danny never to bother their family again .
Danny finds out from Frank that their finances are in danger , on account of all their excessive habits , and that they need to go on tour again . Danny goes to the hotel to mend fences with Mary . Tom is visited by Frank , who tells them that their father , despite many flaws , is a good man . Tom then finds Danny waiting at the doctor 's office to hear their diagnosis . Danny reassures them that everything will be all right , which , after the doctor arrives , appears to be the case .
Cast
Al Pacino as Danny Collins
Annette Bening as Mary Sinclair
Jennifer Garner as Samantha Leigh Donnelly
Bobby Cannavale as Tom Donnelly
Christopher Plummer than Frank Grubman
Nick Offerman as Guy DeLoach
Cesar Evora as Gabriel
Josh Peck as Nicky Ernst
Scott Lawrence as Dr. Kurtz
Fernando Colunga as Fernando
Michelle Vieth as Selena
Katarina Čas as Sophie
Brian Thomas Smith Judd ( Busy Work )
Melissa Benoist as Jamie
Giselle Eisenberg as Hope Donnelly
Eric Michael Roy as Young Danny Collins
Background
The story is based on a real-life situation in which John Lennon and Yoko Ono wrote a letter to the English folk singer Steve Tilston in 1971 but this remained unknown to them for 34 years . The real letter was signed `` John + Yoko '' , while the letter in the movie was signed `` John '' .
Production
In November 2010 , Steve Carell was attached to star in the film , then titled Imagine , as the rocker 's son , but they ultimately dropped out due to scheduling conflicts . In June 2011 , Al Pacino was in discussions to star in the film . In October 2012 , Jeremy Renner was announced as Carrell 's replacement and Julianne Moore also joined the film . Both were eventually also replaced ; by Bobby Cannavale and Annette Bening , respectively .
Filming began in July 2013 in Los Angeles . The crew filmed a scene with Pacino during a concert of the band Chicago in Los Angeles . In November 2014 , it was reported that the film had been retitled Danny Collins , and that Ryan Adams would compose the score with Theodore Shapiro .
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an approval rating of 77 % based on 132 reviews , with an average rating of 6.44/10 . The site 's critical consensus reads , `` Thanks to Al Pacino 's stirring central performance — and excellent work from an esteemed supporting cast — Danny Collins manages to overcome its more predictable and heavy-handed moments to deliver a heartfelt tale of redemption . '' On Metacritic , the film has a score of 58 out of 100 , based on 31 critics , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' .
Entertainment Weekly 's Chris Nashawaty named the film one of 2015 's `` overlooked gems '' .
In addition to Pacino 's Golden Globe Award nomination , two of the film 's original songs , `` Do n't Look Down '' and `` Hey Baby Doll '' , were long-listed for the 2015 Academy Award for Best Original Song .
References
External links
2015 films
2015 comedy-drama films
2015 directorial debut films
2015 independent films
American comedy-drama films
American independent films
Films about music and musicians
American films based on actual events
Bleecker Street films
Entertainment One films
Films directed by Dan Fogelman
Films scored by Theodore Shapiro
Films set in hotels
Films set in Los Angeles
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films with screenplays by Dan Fogelman
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
FK Jiskra Třeboň is a Czech football club located in Třeboň . It currently plays in Divize A in the Czech Fourth Division . The club has participated numerous times in the Czech Cup , reaching the third round in 2006–07 and 2007–08 .
References
External links
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Association football clubs established in 1884
Jindřichův Hradec District
Khalid Hotak is an Afghan wushu practitioner . They represented Afghanistan and won a bronze medal at the 2018 Asian Games in the men 's sanda 65 kg category .
References
Afghan sanshou practitioners
Wushu practitioners at the 2010 Asian Games
Wushu practitioners at the 2014 Asian Games
Wushu practitioners at the 2018 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Afghanistan
Asian Games medalists in wushu
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Waihi Beach is a coastal town at the western end of the Bay of Plenty in New Zealand 's North Island . It lies 10 kilometres to the east of the town of Waihi , at the foot of the Coromandel Peninsula . The main beach is 10 kilometres long . The town had a permanent population of as of .
At the northern end of Waihi Beach , the Orokawa Scenic Reserve offers several short walking tracks along the coast and to Orokawa Bay . While the main beach is backed by the residential area of the township of Waihi Beach , Orokawa Bay is undeveloped and surrounded by native bush including pohutukawa , puriri , and nikau palms .
At the southern end of the beach is the small settlement of Bowentown and the northern side of the northern Katikati entrance to Tauranga Harbour .
History and culture
Early history
Māori have lived in the region since pre-European times , with numerous pā sites within a few kilometres of Waihi Beach . There is still evidence of the old pā sites at the Bowentown end of Waihi Beach .
The name Waihi ( `` Rising Water '' ) is said to be named after a stream which flows into the beach , the later town of Waihi taking its name from the name for the beach .
Modern history
The Waihi Beach Hotel was built in 1967 and the Athenree mineral hot springs are located nearby . Nearby Waihi is known for the gold and silver mining operation at Martha Mine and several underground mines .
Marae
Otāwhiwhi Marae , located in Bowentown , is a marae ( tribal meeting ground ) of the Ngāi Te Rangi tribe and Ngāi Tauwhao sub-tribe ; it includes the Tamaoho wharenui ( meeting house ) .
In October 2020 , the Government committed $ 500,000 from the Provincial Growth Fund to upgrade the marae . The upgrade is expected to create 33 jobs .
Demographics
Waihi Beach , comprising the statistical areas of Waiau , Waihi Beach-Bowentown and Athenree , had a population of 3,621 at the 2018 New Zealand census , an increase of 471 people ( 15.0 % ) since the 2013 census , and an increase of 675 people ( 22.9 % ) since the 2006 census . There were 1,443 households . There were 1,785 males and 1,839 females , giving a sex ratio of 0.97 males per female , with 513 people ( 14.2 % ) aged under 15 years , 435 ( 12.0 % ) aged 15 to 29 , 1,572 ( 43.4 % ) aged 30 to 64 , and 1,098 ( 30.3 % ) aged 65 or older .
Ethnicities were 89.7 % European/Pākehā , 15.7 % Māori , 1.3 % Pacific peoples , 2.1 % Asian , and 1.6 % other ethnicities ( totals add to more than 100 % since people could identify with multiple ethnicities ) .
The proportion of people born overseas was 15.0 % , compared with 27.1 % nationally .
Although some people objected to giving their religion , 55.1 % had no religion , 33.8 % were Christian , 0.5 % were Hindu , 0.3 % were Buddhist and 3.2 % had other religions .
Of those at least 15 years old , 537 ( 17.3 % ) people had a bachelor or higher degree , and 555 ( 17.9 % ) people had no formal qualifications . The employment status of those at least 15 was that 1,209 ( 38.9 % ) people were employed full-time , 534 ( 17.2 % ) were part-time , and 87 ( 2.8 % ) were unemployed .
Education
Waihi Beach School is a co-educational state primary school for Year to 6 students , with a roll of as of . The school opened in 1924 .
References
Western Bay of Plenty District
Populated places in the Bay of Plenty Region
Beaches of the Bay of Plenty Region
Populated places around the Tauranga Harbour
The men 's featherweight ( 57 kg/125.4 lbs ) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O . European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the third lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and involved only six fighters . Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules .
Due to there not being enough men for a tournament fit for eight , two of the fighters received byes through to the semi finals . The tournament gold medal went to Russia 's Zurab Faroyan , who defeated Serb Milos Anic in the final by split decision . It was Zurab 's fourth gold medal in a row at a W.A.K.O . championships and fifth overall ( Paris '03 , Agadir '05 , Szeged '05 , Lisbon '06 , Skopje '06 ) . Gabor Kiss from Hungary and Mariusz Cieśliński from Poland won bronze .
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O . European Championships 2006 ( Skopje )
Daxata anterufipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1961 .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1961
The Turkey Devonshire sandwich , sometimes simply called a Devonshire , originated in 1934 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . It is typically served as a hot open-faced sandwich on toasted bread with hot turkey , bacon , tomatoes , and a cheese sauce . The sandwich is similar to a Kentucky Hot Brown .
It was created by Frank Blandi ( 1907-1999 ) , a Sicilian American , who first served them at the Stratford Club located at the corner of Centre and Millvale Avenues , on the border between Pittsburgh 's Bloomfield and Shadyside neighborhoods . The club had an English atmosphere and the sandwich was named after Devonshire Street , located one block away . This sandwich 's heyday was in the 1960s , but it remains a local favorite hot sandwich . It is believed this sandwich was influenced by the 21 Club 's trendy chicken hash , a dish of diced chicken covered in Mornay sauce and then browned .
See also
List of sandwiches
References
Note that several of these accounts , including the obituary , wrongly state that the Stratford Club was located in the Millvale borough of Allegheny County rather than on Millvale Avenue in the Bloomfield neighborhood .
American sandwiches
Culture of Pittsburgh
Hot sandwiches
Open-faced sandwiches
Turkey dishes
Francis Thomas ( 1799–1876 ) was an American politician and Governor of Maryland .
Francis Thomas may also refer to :
Francis A. Thomas ( 1826–1899 ) , American physician and New York City politician
Francis Wolferstan Thomas ( 1834–1900 ) , Canadian banker and philanthropist
Frank Thomas ( bishop ) ( 1930–1988 ) , English prelate of the Roman Catholic Church
Francis Xavier Thomas ( 1906−1985 ) , Australian Roman Catholic bishop
See also
Frank Thomas ( disambiguation )
Thomas Francis ( disambiguation )
Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti ( Frances Abigail Olufunmilayo Thomas , 1900−1978 ) , Nigerian chieftain , feminist and politician
The 1998 Harrow Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Harrow London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1998
1998 London Borough council elections
Sainte Genevieve , also known as The Genny , was a steam powered Cutterhead dredge . At the time they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 they were located on the Mississippi River along the levee near downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States .
History
The boat was built by the Dravo Contracting Co. of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania in 1932 . They were Hull # 1139 and weighed 947 tons . The Sainte Genevieve had a steel hull and a superstructure of wood with steel for strengthening . Between 1963 and 1973 , 97 % of their hull bottom and 71 % of their sides were replated . Them paint scheme of gray and ivory with trim colors of dark red , black and gray was consistentsissippi River to keep it open to barge traffic . They were the last sternwheel vessel and the last steam-powered dredge operated by the Corps when they retired in 1984 . They were given to the city of Davenport for use as a tourist attraction . Plans were to turn them into a dockside restaurant , a floating museum , or a bed and breakfast . Those plans were never realized , and they left Davenport in October 1990 for a new home on the Missouri River in St. Charles , Missouri , where there were plans to turn them into a museum , but that plan never materialized . The Sainte Genevieve sank in 1992 near Cairo , Illinois . They were raised and sank again in Cape Girardeau , Missouri in 1994 . They were reportedly scrapped . The vessel was delisted from the National Register of Historic Places in 2019 .
References
Dredgers
Ships on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Davenport , Iowa
Former National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
1932 ships
Ships built by Dravo Corporation
Taxco is an impact crater on Mars . It was named by the IAU in 1976 after the town of Taxco in Mexico .
Taxco is located in Chryse Planitia , east of Punsk crater and south of Tarsus crater .
References
Impact craters on Mars
Dasyphyllum excelsum is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae . Known as bulli in Chile . This plant is known to occur in parts of South America , in Chile it occurs from Quillota to Cauquenes ( 32 to 35°S ) between 190 and 800 m above sea level , a specific location of occurrence being in central Chile within the Cerro La Campana forests in association with the endangered Chilean wine palm , Jubaea chilensis .
Description
It is an evergreen tree or that measures up to 15 m ( 50 ft ) tall and over 2 m ( 80 in ) in diameter , soft , thin and brown bark , with deep vertical cracks , it is one of the few genera of asteraceae which are trees . The leaves are alternate , entire edge , elliptical shaped with acute apex which ends in a mucro . The leaves are yellowish green , 2-6 long and 1–2.5 cm wide , glabrous on both surfaces and pubescent on the margins , the petioles are 1–4 mm long .
Provided with two thorns ( modified stipules ) , deciduous at the base of the leaves , the flowers are clustered in inflorescences ( terminal Flower heads ) . The flowers are white and hermaphrodite , 5 stamens with the anthers attached . The fruit is a cylindrical achene about 3–3.5 mm long and 1 mm wide , pubescent , reddish pappi 5 mm long .
Etymology
Dasyphyllum is derived from Greek hairy leaves , diacanthoides from Greek two thorns .
References
Encyclopedia of Chilean Flora Dasyphyllum
C. Michael Hogan . 2008 . Chilean Wine Palm : Jubaea chilensis , GlobalTwitcher.com , ed . N. Stromberg
Line notes
excelsum
Chilean Matorral
Trees of Chile
Plants described in 1832
Taxa named by Ángel Lulio Cabrera
The 1925 San Diego mayoral election was held on March 24 , 1925 to elect the mayor for San Diego . Incumbent mayor John L. Bacon stood for reelection to a third term . In the primary election , Bacon received a majority of the votes and was elected outright with no need for a contested runoff .
Candidates
John L. Bacon , Mayor of San Diego
Fred A. Heilbron , member of the San Diego City Council
George L. Mayne
Marcus W. Robbins
William I. Kinsley
Campaign
Incumbent Mayor John L. Bacon stood for reelection to a third term . On March 24 , 1923 , Bacon received an absolute majority of 50.3 percent in the primary election , more than 24 percent higher than their nearest competitor , Fred A. Heilbron . Bacon received one hundred percent of the vote in the uncontested runoff election held April 7 , 1925 and was elected to the office of the mayor .
Primary Election results
General Election results
Because Bacon won outright in the primary with a majority of the vote , theirs was the only eligible name on the runoff ballot .
References
1925
1925 California elections
1925
1925 United States mayoral elections
March 1925 events
Rocca Islands ( ) is a group of small islands and rocks 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of Avian Island , off the south end of Adelaide Island . Discovered in 1909 by the French Antarctic Expedition and named by Charcot for Monsieur Rocca , an acquaintance in Punta Arenas . Remapped by the British Royal Navy Hydrographic Survey Unit in 1963 .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Adelaide Island
John `` Grizzly '' Adams ( c. 1812–1860 ) was a California mountaineer and grizzly bear tamer .
Grizzly Adams may also refer to :
The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams ( 1974–1982 ) , television and film series
Grizzly Adams Wolfsburg , German professional ice hockey team
See also
Adams State Grizzlies , collegiate sports teams
Bartow County is located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 100,157 . The county seat is Cartersville .
Traditionally considered part of northwest Georgia , Bartow County is now included in the Atlanta metropolitan area , mainly in the southeastern part near Cartersville , which has become an exurb more than from downtown Atlanta on I-75 . It has a sole commissioner government , and is the largest county by population of the few remaining in Georgia with a sole commissioner .
History
Bartow County was created from the Cherokee lands of the Cherokee County territory on December 3 , 1832 , and named Cass County , after General Lewis Cass ( 1782–1866 ) , Secretary of War under President Andrew Jackson , Minister to France and Secretary of State under President James Buchanan , who was instrumental in the removal of Native Americans from the area . However , the county was renamed on December 6 , 1861 , in honor of Francis S. Bartow , because of Cass 's support of the Union , even though Bartow never visited in the county , living away near Savannah all of their life . Cass had supported the doctrine of popular sovereignty , the right of each state to determine its own laws independently of the Federal government , the platform of conservative Southerners who removed their name . The first county seat was at Cassville , but after the burning of the county courthouse and the Sherman Occupation , the seat moved to Cartersville , where it remains .
The county was profoundly affected by the Civil War , setting it back economically for many decades . On May 18 and 19 , 1864 , General George Henry Thomas led the Army of the Cumberland after General William J. Hardee 's Corps of the Army of Tennessee , and General James B. McPherson led their Federal Army of the Tennessee flanking Hardee 's army to the west . This huge army was disruptive and sought food . Elements were out of control and sacked homes , depleting meager supplies . Property destruction and the deaths of one-third of the county 's soldiers during the war caused financial and social calamity for many .
Slaves gained their freedom , and for over a decade exercised the political franchise through the Republican Party . In 1870 , about one black family in 12 owned real estate . More of the blacks lived in white-headed households , working as domestic servants and laborers . The great majority of freed people were day laborers or farm laborers , while a sizable minority occupied skilled positions such as blacksmiths , wheelwrights , and ironworkers . By the late 1870s , hardship was experienced by everyone .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and or 2.2 % is water .
The bulk of Bartow County is located in the Etowah River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin ( Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin ) . The northeastern portion of the county around Rydal is located in the Coosawattee River sub-basin of the same ACT River Basin , while an even smaller northwestern section around Adairsville is located in the Oostanaula River sub-basin of the larger ACT River Basin .
The Etowah is mostly part of Lake Allatoona in southeast Bartow and southwest Cherokee counties , with the Allatoona Dam near Cartersville also impounding Allatoona Creek into northwest Cobb county . The peninsula between the two major arms of the lake is home to Red Top Mountain State Park , east-southeast of Cartersville and just southeast of the dam .
Adjacent counties
Gordon County – north
Pickens County – northeast
Cherokee County – east
Cobb County – southeast
Paulding County – south
Polk County – southwest
Floyd County – west
Demographics
2000 census
As of 2000 , there were 76,019 people , 27,176 households , and 21,034 families living in the county . The population density was 64/km2 ( 166/mi2 ) . There were 28,751 housing units at an average density of 24 persons/km2 ( 63 persons/mi2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 87.79 % White , 8.68 % African American , 0.28 % Native American , 0.51 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 1.62 % from other races , and 1.10 % from two or more races . 3.32 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 27,176 households , out of which 38.20 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 61.90 % were married couples living together , 11.10 % had a woman whose husband does not live with her , and 22.60 % were non-families . 18.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 6.70 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.14 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.90 % under the age of 18 , 8.30 % from 18 to 24 , 33.00 % from 25 to 44 , 21.40 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females , there were 97.70 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 94.90 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 43,660 , and the median income for a family was $ 49,198 . Males had a median income of $ 35,136 versus $ 24,906 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,989 . 8.60 % of the population and 6.60 % of families were below the poverty line . Out of the total people living in poverty , 9.60 % were under the age of 18 and 12.20 % were 65 or older .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 100,157 people , 35,782 households , and 26,529 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 39,823 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 82.7 % white , 10.2 % black or African American , 0.7 % Asian , 0.4 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 3.8 % from other races , and 2.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 7.7 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 13.9 % were American , 10.0 % were Irish , 9.3 % were English , and 7.8 % were German .
Of the 35,782 households , 39.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 54.8 % were married couples living together , 13.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , 25.9 % were non-families , and 21.0 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.20 . The median age was 36.2 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 49,216 and the median income for a family was $ 56,281 . Males had a median income of $ 42,835 versus $ 31,225 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 22,241 . About 10.8 % of families and 14.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 18.9 % of those under age 18 and 12.1 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 108,901 people , 39,742 households , and 28,529 families residing in the county .
Education
Public education in Bartow County is administered by Bartow County School District and Cartersville City Schools .
Excel Christian Academy and the Trinity School are private institutions .
Politics
Bartow County has voted Republican consistently since 1984 . Mitt Romney carried the county in 2012 with 75 percent of the vote . Barack Obama won a small minority of votes in the county , at 23.5 percent , that same year , making Bartow one of the least Democratic counties in Georgia .
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 411
State Route 3
State Route 20
State Route 20 Spur
State Route 61
State Route 113
State Route 140
State Route 293
State Route 293 Connector
State Route 401 ( unsigned designation for I-75 )
Secondary highways
Euharlee Road
Old S.R . 293 . Portion south of Emerson and east of U.S. 41 into Cobb County .
Old Alabama Road . Future route of S.R . 113 .
Burnt Hickory Road
Taylorsville-Macedonia Road
Macedonia Road
Halls Station Road
Spring Place Road
Cassville-White Road
Glade Road
Red Top Mountain Rd
Peeples Valley Rd
Cassville Rd ( Old U.S. 41 )
Museums
Bartow History Museum opened in 1987 and is located in the historic 1869 Courthouse in downtown Cartersville . Artifacts , photographs , documents and a variety of permanent exhibits focus on the settlement and development of Bartow County , Georgia , beginning with the early nineteenth century when the Cherokee inhabited the area . Early European settler life , the iron ore and bauxite industries , Civil War strife , post-war recovery , the Great Depression era , early textile industries and notable figures are depicted through interactive exhibits in the permanent gallery space . The museum offers a wide variety of educational programs and lectures .
Booth Western Art Museum , an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution , is a museum located in Cartersville . Guests are invited to See America 's Story through contemporary Western artwork , presidential portraits and letters , Civil War art , more than 200 Native American artifacts , and Sagebrush Ranch children 's gallery . Open since August 2003 , Booth Museum is the second largest art museum in the state , and houses the largest permanent exhibition space for Western art in the country .
Tellus Science Museum , an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution , is a world-class museum located in Cartersville , just off I-75 at exit 293 . The museum features four main galleries : the Weinman Mineral Gallery , the Fossil Gallery , Science in Motion and the Collins Family My Big Backyard . There is also a 120-seat digital planetarium and an observatory with a state-of-the-art 20-inch telescope located at Tellus .
Euharlee History Museum is located adjacent to the Euharlee Covered Bridge in Euharlee , Georgia , about 9 miles west of downtown Cartersville . The museum opened in 1997 and is a cooperation between the Euharlee Historical Society and the City of Euharlee .
Adairsville Rail Depot Age of Steam Museum is located in a restored 1847 railroad depot on the Historic Public Square in Adairsville , along with a locally operated welcome center . The museum displays artifacts and pictures covering almost 150 years of life in the area , including the Civil War , the chenille boom , railroad history , early farming implements , and weapons .
Recreation
Bartow County Georgia Hiking Trails
Etowah Indian Mounds
Communities
Cities
Adairsville
Cartersville
Emerson
Euharlee
Kingston
White
Town
Taylorsville
Unincorporated communities
Atco
Cassville
Rowland Springs
Stilesboro
Rydal ( south of Pine Log )
Folsom
Center
Funkhouser
Allatoona ( mostly lost to Lake Allatoona , but portion remains at Allatoona Pass )
Historical communities
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bartow County , Georgia
References
External links
Bartow County official website
Antebellum Iron Industry in North Georgia Centered in Bartow County
Bartow Ancestors - People , Places & History of Bartow County
Bartow County historical marker
1832 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1832
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
Counties in the Atlanta metropolitan area
Northwest Georgia ( U.S . )
Counties of Appalachia
Dystasia subuniformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938 . It is known from Borneo .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1938
The IBSF World Billiards Championship ( previously known as the World Amateur Billiards Championship ) is the premier , international , non-professional tournament for the game of English billiards . Dating to some form to 1951 , the event has been sanctioned by the International Billiards and Snooker Federation since 1973 .
History
Prior to 1951 , when the first `` world amateur '' championship was held under the auspices of the Billiards Association and Control Council ( based in London ) , this event was called the [ British ] Empire Billiards Championship .
In 1971 , after many years ' discussion , the World Billiards & Snooker Council was formed , changing its name in 1973 to the International Billiards & Snooker Federation . The name change came about because of the disquiet of many overseas national associations that the same body should oversee both the English domestic game and the game at international level . Consequently , the IBSF took control of the organisation of the non-professional championships of both snooker and billiards . The first winner from outside the British Commonwealth did not occur until 1999 .
From 2012 to 2015 , the IBSF World Billiards Championship was merged with the World Professional Billiards Championship . Under the name World Billiards Championship , tournaments were held in both points and timed format .
Champions
References
IBSF past champions
World championships in English billiards
LDOS may refer to :
Local density of states , a physical quantity
The ICAO code for Osijek Airport in Osijek , Croatia
Lord 's Day Observance Society
The disk operating system for the TRS-80 that later replaced TRSDOS
See also
DOS ( disambiguation )
LOS ( disambiguation )
The Coniochaeta form a genus of pleomorphic yeasts of the order Coniochaetales and are pathogens of trees . Some species have also been found to form endophytic associations within plants in which they live inside plant tissues but do not actually harm the organism . They can take the form of pink to brown colonies , hyphae , condiophores or sclerotia . In 2013 , the Lecythophora were merged with the Coniochaeta , following suggestions by Ziauddin Khan et al .
Ecology
The Coniochaeta have been described as typically associated with wood , water , and soil . However , there is also growing evidence of specialised associations between each species and specific environments , and a suggestion that 4-spored and 8-spored species interact differently with their environments , some species surviving forest fires , which activate their sexual cycle .
Medical Issues
Other members of the Coniochaeta , most commonly Coniochaeta polymorpha , can cause clinical infections in immunocompromised individuals , which has increased recent interest in the genus .
References
Sordariomycetes genera
Coniochaetales
This is a list of game show hosts . A game show host is a profession involving the hosting of game shows . Game shows usually range from a half hour to an hour long and involve a prize .
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
Y
Z
Bibliography
David Schwartz , Steve Ryan & Fred Wostbrock , The Encyclopedia of TV Game Shows – 3rd Edition , Checkmark Books ,
References
List
Game show hosts
Game show
Charles J Timmes ( July 18 , 1907October 20 , 1990 ) was a United States Army Major General .
Early life and education
Timmes was born in Innsbruck , Austro-Hungarian Empire where their father , an American medical doctor was pursuing advanced studies . Their family returned to the United States , living in New York City . Timmes attended Fordham University , graduating with a law degree in 1932 and practiced as a lawyer in New York for the next seven years .
Career
Timmes was called to active duty in 1939 .
World War II
Lt. Col. Timmes was commander of the 2nd Battalion , 507th Parachute Infantry Regiment which was dropped on Mission Boston , part of the American airborne landings in Normandy on the morning of 6 June 1944 . The 2/507th was tasked with securing the western end of the La Fière bridge approximately 3 km from Sainte-Mère-Église , however their battalion had been widely scattered during the drop landing in grassing swampland along the Merderet river , by the end of the day Timmes controlled a group of approximately 100 men in defensive positions in an orchard . On 8 June German forces launched 4 separate attacks on Timmes ' position , all of which were repulsed . A request for support was sent to the 82nd Airborne Division headquarters and a battalion from the 325th Glider Infantry Regiment was sent as reinforcements and Timmes then launched attacks on the German positions and the La Fière causeway . On 9 June the 325th attacked German positions at Cauquigny but were beaten back and withdrew to the orchard which came under renewed attack by the Germans before they were relieved later that day . The site of the battle is now known at Timmes Orchard and monuments to the 507th , the 325th and the 508th have been erected nearby .
The 507th Parachute Infantry Regiment was transferred to the 17th Airborne Division on its return to England in July 1944 . Timmes again led the 2/507th in Operation Varsity in March 1945 .
Post World War II
After the war Timmes studied the Russian language at the Army 's Defense Language Institute at the Presidio of Monterey , California and Russian history at Columbia University . These studies prevented them from taking part in the Korean War . Timmes received a master 's degree in political theory from Georgetown University and graduated from the Command and General Staff College , Armed Forces Staff College , and the National War College . Timmes then served in South Korea from November 1956 until March 1958 and as an intelligence officer in Washington D.C. Timmes was assistant commander of the 101st Airborne Division from March 1959 to May 1961 .
Vietnam War
In July 1961 , Timmes was sent to South Vietnam , where they served as deputy to Military Assistance Advisory Group ( MAAG ) chief Lt. Gen. Lionel C. McGarr . When McGarr left this post in March 1962 , Timmes succeeded them and remained in this post until 15 May 1964 when MAAG was subsumed into Military Assistance Command , Vietnam . Timmes remained in South Vietnam until July 1964 . During this period Timmes built relations with many of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) officers who would play important roles during the war including General Dương Văn Minh . On 15 November 1963 Timmes announced that 1000 U.S. advisers would be withdrawn in December , bringing the number of advisers down to 15,500 .
After retiring from the Army Timmes joined the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) and returned to South Vietnam in 1967 where their role was liaison with the South Vietnamese leadership and ARVN commanders , many of whom they knew when they were junior officers during their earlier tour in Vietnam . Timmes renewed their friendship with Dương Văn Minh and they often played tennis together at the Cercle Sportif .
Timmes acted as a go-between for the US Embassy and the South Vietnamese Government during the Fall of Saigon and was instrumental in facilitating the resignation of President Nguyễn Văn Thiệu on 21 April and the ascent of Dương Văn Minh to the presidency on 27 April in the hope that they would be able to negotiate a ceasefire with the North Vietnamese . On 25 April 1975 Timmes and fellow CIA agent Frank Snepp escorted former President Thiệu to Tan Son Nhat International Airport where Thiệu boarded a plane that would take them into exile . On 29 April , Timmes was evacuated from the U.S. Embassy during Operation Frequent Wind on the same helicopter as Frank Snepp .
Later life
After retiring from the CIA in 1975 , Timmes worked for the Washington law firm Altmann & Vitt .
Timmes died on 20 October 1990 in Falls Church , Virginia and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery .
References
External sources
https : //valor.militarytimes.com/hero/23134 # 12676
1907 births
1990 deaths
United States Army generals
American expatriates in the Austro-Hungarian Empire
Corridor No . 8 is a 2008 Bulgarian documentary film about the EU infrastructural project of the same name , which follows the ancient Via Egnatia and passes through Bulgaria , Macedonia and Albania . The film is written and directed by Boris Despodov and produced by Martichka Bozhilova from AGITPROP .
The film premiered at the Berlinale 2008 , where it got the Special Mention of the Ecumenical Jury in the International Forum of New Cinema . At Hot Docs director Boris Despodov won the HBO award for a newcomer in documentary cinema . The film also won Best Documentary Award at Sarajevo Film Festival . It was aired on HBO in September 2009 .
Synopsis
With Bulgaria joining the EU , the country was incorporated in the EU infrastructural plans . Among the promised projects was the establishing of the Pan-European Corridor VIII , which would provide a better , quicker and more efficient in lieu of the then existing roads , on which a person needed three days to drive a distance of 324 kilometers . The movie leads its viewers on a road trip on this non-existent highway between Sofia and Tirana , which is why it is sometimes dubbed as ' a non-road movie ' . According to Variety reviewer Jay Weissberg , the movie reveals `` a people mistrustful of their neighbors and unimpressed by grand claims from local and European politicos '' .
References
External links
Official trailer at Vimeo
Official website
Bulgarian documentary films
2008 documentary films
Pan-European Corridor VIII
2008 films
Yvonne Chaka Chaka ( born Yvonne Machaka on 18 March 1965 ) is a South African singer , songwriter , actor , entrepreneur , humanitarian and teacher . Dubbed the `` Princess of Africa '' ( a name they received after a 1990 tour ) , Chaka Chaka has been at the forefront of South African popular music for 35 years and has been popular in Nigeria , Zimbabwe , Kenya , Gabon , Sierra Leone and Ivory Coast . Songs such as `` I 'm Burning Up '' , `` Thank You Mr. DJ '' , `` I Cry For Freedom '' , `` Motherland '' and the ever-popular `` Umqombothi '' ( `` African Beer '' ) ensured Chaka Chaka 's stardom . The song `` Umqombothi '' was featured in the opening scene of the 2004 movie Hotel Rwanda .
As a young performer Chaka Chaka was the first Black child to appear on South African television in 1981 . Since then , they have shared the stage with people such as Bono , Angélique Kidjo , Annie Lennox , Youssou N'Dour , the crossover group Appassionante , the classic rock band Queen and South Africans Johnny Clegg , Miriam Makeba and Hugh Masekela . They have performed for Queen Elizabeth II , US President Bill Clinton , South African President Thabo Mbeki and other world leaders .
Chaka Chaka is a champion for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , TB and malaria , the United Nations MDG Envoy for Africa , and the Goodwill Ambassador for the Roll Back Malaria Partnership . They were chosen by Nelson Mandela as the first ambassador for their children 's fund , and has also established their own charity , the Princess of Africa Foundation , using the name first given to them in Uganda . The Princess of Africa Foundation is a partner of the ACTION global health advocacy partnership . In 2012 , they were the first African woman to receive the World Economic Forum 's Crystal Award .
They teach literacy part-time at the University of South Africa , sits on several boards of charitable organisations and NGOs , and serves on the board of the Johannesburg Tourism Company .
Life and career
Chaka Chaka was born in Dobsonville in Soweto . Chaka Chaka had it tough growing up . Them father died when they were 11 and their mother , a domestic worker , brought up three daughters on their meagre 40-rand-a-month salary .
Chaka Chaka started singing at 19 in 1984 when Phil Hollis of Dephon Records discovered them in Johannesburg . Them début album was called I 'm in Love With a DJ . Songs such as `` I 'm Burning Up '' , `` I Cry for Freedom '' , `` Sangoma '' , `` Motherland '' and the ever-popular `` Umqombothi '' immediately ensured Chaka Chaka 's status as a star on South Africa 's mbaqanga music scene .
Sangoma was released in 1987 on Mercury Records . Its track listing was `` Sangoma '' , `` Come a Little Bit Closer '' , `` Private Lover '' , `` Save Me '' , `` Stimela '' and `` I 'm Gon na Stop Loving You '' . Releasing hit after hit , Chaka Chaka 's subsequent award-winning albums include Burning Up , Sangoma , Who 's the Boss , Motherland , Be Proud to be African , Thank You Mr. DJ , Back on My Feet , Rhythm of Life , Who 's Got the Power , Bombani ( Tiko Rahini ) , Power of Afrika , Yvonne and Friends and Kwenzenjani . During their career Chaka Chaka has met many illustrious people including Nelson Mandela ( singing at their 85th birthday party ) , the Queen and Oprah Winfrey .
`` Mama Africa '' , Miriam Makeba , said of their `` She 's my baby ! '' and Hugh Masekela called Chaka Chaka `` my mad niece '' . Legends Dolly Rathebe and Dorothy Masuka describe Chaka Chaka 's music as `` something that all should listen to '' .
When asked who they admired most , Chaka Chaka said : Of the numerous world leaders they have met , they say their favourite is mentor and father figure Nelson Mandela , who called them their `` dear daughter '' . `` Madiba '' , as they are affectionately known , recounted that it was Yvonne 's music that helped sustain them and others while confined as prisoners on Robben Island . They said ,
Chaka Chaka has four sons with their husband Tiny Mhinga . They have a degree and diploma from the University of South Africa , one in adult education , another in local government , management and administration . They also studied speech and drama at Trinity College , London , they graduated with a bachelor 's degree in 1997 .
Entrepreneurship
Chaka Chaka has their own music label and their own production company , as well as owning a limousine company together with their husband , Dr Mandlalele ( Tiny ) Mhinga .
Advocacy and humanitarianism
Chaka Chaka is a champion for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , TB and Malaria , the United Nations MDG Envoy for Africa , and the Goodwill Ambassador for the Roll Back Malaria Partnership . Chaka Chaka is also a board member of Information Technology Companies , Human Resource Development and Sandown Motors . They became the face of First National Bank ( FNB ) in 2001 and in 2006 , they founded their own charity called The Princess of Africa Foundation .
The Princess of Africa Foundation is a partner of the ACTION global health advocacy partnership . In 2012 , they were the first African woman to receive the World Economic Forum 's Crystal Award . Recently , the launch of their documentary film , A Motherland Tour – A Journey of African Women , filmed over five years of travels around Africa , took them on a world tour to promote the grassroots successes of those engaged in the battle against HIV/AIDS , TB and malaria , supported by the Global Fund .
Chaka Chaka also serves as Ambassador for Nelson Mandela 's 46664 Campaign which raises global awareness of HIV/AIDS . They have also been ambassador to the University of South Africa ( UNISA ) , City of Johannesburg Tourism , and South Africa 's Mpumalanga Province Tourism . Chaka Chaka has taught literacy in South Africa 's townships , promoted the rights of women and works to protect children everywhere , and they are a Trustee of Tomorrow Trust , which educates orphans and vulnerable children .
They served as an Honorary Colonel in the South African Air Force .
In 2015 they signed an open letter which the ONE Campaign had been collecting signatures for ; the letter was addressed to Angela Merkel and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma , urging them to focus on women as they serve as the head of the G7 in Germany and the AU in South Africa respectively , which will start to set the priorities in development funding before a main UN summit in September 2015 that will establish new development goals for the generation .
They are part of the Ashinaga Kenjin-Tatsujin International Advisory Council , supporting orphaned students across Africa to access quality tertiary education .
Discography
Albums
I 'm Burning Up ( 1986 )
Sangoma ( 1987 )
Thank You Mr. DJ ( 1987 )
I Cry For Freedom ( 1988 )
The Power of Afrika ( 1996 )
Back On My Feet ( 1997 )
Bombani ( Tiko Rahina ) ( 1997 )
Princess Of Africa : The Best of Yvonne Chaka Chaka ( 1999 )
Yvonne and Friends ( 2000 )
Yvonne and Friends ( 2001 )
Kwenzenjani ( 2002 )
Princess of Africa , Vol . 2 ( 2002 )
Celebrate Life ( 2006 )
Ndi Phendule
Compilations
The Princess of Africa : The Best of Yvonne Chaka Chaka ( 1995 )
The Princess of Africa : The Best of Yvonne Chaka Chaka Vol . 2 ( 2002 )
Contributing Artist
Urban Africa : Jive Hits of the Townships ( 1990 )
The Rough Guide to the Music of South Africa ( 1998 , World Music Network )
The Winds of Change : Words and Music of a Free South Africa ( 2004 )
46664 - Part 2 : Long Walk to Freedom ( 2004 )
Tales of African Folk : Southern Africa ( 2005 )
Hotel Rwanda - Motion Picture Soundtrack ( 2005 )
The Rough Guide to the Music of South Africa Vol . 2 ( 2006 )
Experience South Africa ( 2008 ) The Rough Guide to African Disco '' ( 2013 , World Music Network )
References
1965 births
Living people
20th-century South African women singers
21st-century South African women singers
People from Soweto
