Dynoides longisinus is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae .
References
longisinus
The Jaipur State Railway was a metre gauge railway constructed by the Jaipur Durbar and owned by the Princely Jaipur State . The railway was managed , stocked and worked by the Jaipur Durbar and trafficked by the Bombay , Baroda and Central India Railway ( BB & CIR ) for a specified fee .
History
The mainline , Jaipur–Sawai Madhopur Railway from Sanganer ( in the south west suburbs of Jaipur ) to Nawai , 32 miles , opened in 1905 and was extended to Sawai Madhopur ( to the south-east of Jaipur ) in 1907 making total line length of 73 miles
The Jaipur–Shekhawati Railway was named on the ceremonial opening of the Jaipur West railway station , 9 November 1916 by the then Viceroy , Lord Chelmsford when the line was further extended to Reengus ( to the north-west from Jaipur ) , making line length of 108 miles ( 173 km ) .
Further extensions from Reengus to Sikar and on to Jhunjhunu , a further 71 miles to the north-north-west were authorised/under construction in 1918 . The date of opening of this section has not been determined .
The railway was worked by Bombay , Baroda and Central India Railway ( BB & CIR ) until 1936 when the Jaipur Durbar took the Jaipur State Railway back under its own management . It was again absorbed in BB & CIR and subsequently became a part of the North Western Railway zone of Indian Railways .
Conversion to broad gauge
The railway was converted to broad gauge progressively from 1993 till 2009 .
References
Transport in Jaipur
Defunct railway companies of India
Rail transport in Rajasthan
Railway lines opened in 1907
Metre gauge railways in India
History of Rajasthan
`` Never Will Be Mine '' is a song by rapper Rye Rye featuring Swedish singer Robyn . Released in 2011 the song serves as the second single from their debut album Go ! Pop ! Bang ! , appearing on the deluxe edition , whilst the R3hab remix appears on the standard edition . The song samples the chorus of Robyn 's previous hit single Be Mine ! . Its release on N.E.E.T . Recordings and Interscope Records was followed by a music video directed by Tim Nackashi . On August 11 , 2011 the song debut at number 49 on the US Billboard Dance Charts .
Reception
Rolling Stone described the song as a `` hip-hop ballad that showcases a sweeter , more tender side of the rapper , who is typically more bouncy and exuberant . The tempo is a bit slower than usual for both ladies , but they ca n't help but hit the stage with a lot of enthusiasm and energy . '' Robyn commented that they appreciated how Rye Rye took a sad , ballad song and interpolated it into a different style in a `` Behind The Scenes '' documentary .
Music video
Directed by Tim Nackashi and released on June 15 , 2011 , the music video for `` Never Will Be Mine '' has been described as a 'summer slow jam with some surprise glitches and turns along the way ' . The video sees Rye Rye , accompanied by Robyn , lamenting over lost love as they walk through the graffiti strewn streets of Los Angeles . The collaboration has proved popular , gaining over 1.7 million views under a week .
Track listings and formats
Never Will Be Mine ( feat . Robyn ) - Single
`` Never Will Be Mine ( feat . Robyn ) '' – 3:24
Never Will Be Mine ( Kat Krazy Remix ) [ feat . Robyn ] - Single
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Kat Krazy Remix ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 3:37
Never Will Be Mine ( The Remixes ) [ feat . Robyn ]
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Fedde Le Grand Dub ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 7:35
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Fedde Le Grand Vocal Club Remix ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 7:35
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Kill the Noise Club Remix ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 4:44
`` Never Will Be Mine ( R3hab Club Remix ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 4:16
`` Never Will Be Mine ( R3hab Radio Edit ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 3:10
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Burns Club Remix ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 5:50
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Moguai Remix ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 6:49
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Mia Moretti + Caitlin Moe 4 On Da Floor Remix ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 4:15
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Kat Krazy Club Remix ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 4:08
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Kat Krazy Radio Edit ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 3:37
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Kill the Noise Dub ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 4:31
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Burns Radio Edit ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 4:15
`` Never Will Be Mine ( Kat Krazy Dub ) [ feat . Robyn ] '' - 4:08
Chart performance
References
External links
Rye Rye at MySpace
Rye Rye official website
Rye Rye at Interscope
Electronic songs
Rye Rye songs
Robyn songs
2011 singles
Songs written by Robyn
Songs written by Klas Åhlund
The Videos are a video album by Australian singer Dannii Minogue . It was released on 12 April 1999 by Mushroom Records in Australia . This was a budget release , released at the same time of The Singles and The Remixes . The video features all Minogue 's promo music videos up to 1998 .
Track listing
`` Love and Kisses ''
`` Success ''
`` Jump to the Beat ''
`` Baby Love ''
`` I Do n't Wan na Take This Pain ''
`` Show You the Way to Go ''
`` Love 's on Every Corner ''
`` This Is It ''
`` This is the Way ''
`` Get into You ''
`` All I Wan na Do ''
`` Everything I Wanted ''
`` Disremembrance ''
`` Everlasting Night ''
References
External links
Official website
Dannii Minogue video albums
Dellmus Charles Colvin ( born August 3 , 1959 ) is an American serial killer who committed a series of at least eight murders against girls and women engaged in prostitution in New Jersey and Ohio between 1987 and 2005 . They were arrested thanks to a DNA profiling exam .
Biography
Dellmus Colvin was born on August 3 , 1959 , and grew up in the countryside of Akron , Ohio . Colvin spent their childhood and youth in a socially prosperous environment . In their teenage years , they entered into a social conflict with their mother , but they did not display signs of aggressive behavior . In high school , Colvin wrestled and played football . After graduating from high school , Dellmus became a driver , after which they worked as a taxi driver in Atlantic City and its various suburbs . In the mid-1980s , they began to show signs of anti-social behavior and had problems with social skills . They were unpopular in the area , and began leading a criminal lifestyle , often preferring to spend time in the company of prostitutes . In the late 1980s , Colvin moved to Ohio , where over the years they lived in the cities of Swanton , Lima , Orient , and Toledo . In 1989 , in Summit County , they were arrested on assault charges and illegal weapons possession . They were convicted and sentenced to 15 years imprisonment . Dellmus was paroled in 1992 , but was jailed again in July 1993 for violating their parole . Three years later , they were released a second time and moved to Toledo , where they soon found work as a truck driver . In subsequent years , they were seen displaying increasingly impulsive and violent behavior towards women . In April 2004 , they were arrested after a woman contacted police , claiming that Colvin kidnapped them from a truck stop , robbing , beating and attempting to rape her , but they managed to escape . During the investigation , a blood and saliva sample was taken from them for DNA testing , in order to see if they had committed any similar crimes in the past .
Exposure
In November 2005 , based on the results from the DNA analysis , Dellmus Colvin was charged with the murders of two prostitutes : 33-year-old Jackie Simpson and 37-year-old Melissa Weber , who were murdered in Toledo on April 16 and May 9 , 2003 , respectively . In addition , they were charged with a rape that occurred that same year . In September 2006 , Colvin stood trial for the murders . During said trial , the Lucas County Attorney General 's Office , which suspected Colvin was responsible for more murders due to their occupation as a truck driver , proposed a plea bargain in exchange for taking the death penalty off the table . Agreeing to the proposal , Dellmus pleaded guilty to the murders of Simpson and Weber , as well as three others . According to their testimony , in January 2000 , they lured 38-year-old Valerie Jones into their truck , strangled her , and then dumped their body in Lake Erie , in Ottawa County ; on September 1 of that year , they lured 42-year-old Jacquelynn Thomas into their truck 's cabin , after which they violated and subsequently killed them Them body was found the next day in Monroe County . In April 2005 , they killed 43-year-old Lily Summers , whom they had previously offered money in exchange for sex . All three were engaged in prostitution , and were drug addicts .
On October 3 , 2006 , Colvin unexpectedly confessed to another murder . They admitted to their involvement in the murder of 40-year-old Dorothea Wetzel , who was found murdered on August 5 , 2000 , on the banks of the Maumee River in southern Toledo . During interrogation , Colvin stated that their motive for the killings was misogyny , which was caused by their sexual complexes and inferiority complex . In October of that year , on the basis of the plea bargain , they were given several terms of life imprisonment .
In June 2010 , Colvin was charged with the cold case murder of 27-year-old Donna Lee White , who was killed on September 15 , 1987 , in Atlantic City . Dellmus was extradited to New Jersey , where they appeared before the court in April 2011 . During the trial , they pled guilty to White 's murder . In their statement , they claimed to have met Donna while working as a taxi driver , after which they made the girl an offer to go to their apartment , where they would drink and have sex , to which they supposedly agreed . A few hours later , Donna began taking drugs , and fainted from an overdose . However , instead of helping her , Colvin strangled them with a plastic bag and then dumped the body on the outskirts of the city .
Based on their testimony , in April 2011 , Dellmus Colvin was convicted of White 's murder and received an additional 30 years imprisonment , to be served concurrently with their life sentences .
In September 2020 , during a telephone conversation with criminal profiler Phil Chalmers , Colvin claimed that , between 1983 and 2005 , they killed 52 girls and women across the United States . To support their claims , they shared details about the murder of a prostitute they committed in 2005 in LaSalle County , Illinois , near Ottawa . According to their testimony , after committing the murder , they dumped the victim 's body in an abandoned building located in the small town of Peru . Following Colvin 's statement , the LaSalle County Sheriff authorized a search at the designated dump site , resulting in two bones , believed to belong to a woman 's skeleton , were found by law enforcement officials . They were subsequently taken to a forensic anthropologist for identification , but found to be non-human .
See also
List of serial killers in the United States
References
1959 births
Living people
20th-century American criminals
21st-century American criminals
Male serial killers
American serial killers
American people convicted of murder
American people convicted of rape
American rapists
People convicted of murder by Ohio
People convicted of murder by New Jersey
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Ohio
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by New Jersey
Prisoners and detainees of Ohio
Criminals from New Jersey
People from New Jersey
Crimes against sex workers in the United States
Peter Leo Gerety ( July 19 , 1912 – September 20 , 2016 ) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church . They served as the Archbishop of Newark in New Jersey from 1974 to 1986 , having previously served as Bishop of Portland in Maine from 1969 to 1974 . Gerety was the oldest living Catholic bishop in the world at the time of their death at age 104 .
Early life and education
Peter Gerety was born in Shelton , Connecticut , the oldest of nine sons of Peter Leo and Charlotte Ursula ( née Daly ) Gerety . Since there were no local Catholic schools , they received their early education at public schools in Shelton , including Commodore Isaac Hull School and the Ferry Street School . They graduated from Shelton High School in 1929 , and then worked for the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the New Jersey Department of Transportation for three years .
In 1932 , Geretybegan their studies for the priesthood at St. Thomas Seminary in Bloomfield , Connecticut . They continue their studies at the Saint-Sulpice Seminary in Issy-les-Moulineaux , France , in 1934 .
Priesthood
On June 29 , 1939 , Gerety was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Hartford at the Cathedral of Notre Dame in Paris . Following their return to Connecticut , they were assigned as a curate at St. John the Evangelist Parish in New Haven , Connecticut . In addition to their duties at St. John 's , they served as a chaplain at Grace-New Haven Hospital in New Haven . In 1942 , Gerety was appointed a curate at St. Brendan Parish and the director of Blessed Martin de Porres Center , both in New Haven . The center was an interracial social and religious organization that ministered to the African American Catholic community . In 1956 , the center became St. Martin de Porres Parrish and Gerety was named its first pastor .
During their tenure at St. Martin 's , Gerety became an outspoken advocate for the American Civil Rights Movement and supported programs to eliminate poverty . In 1963 , they were chosen as coordinator and director of the Diocesan Priests ' Conference on Interracial Justice .
Episcopacy
Bishop of Portland
On March 4 , 1966 , Gerety was appointed coadjutor bishop of the Diocese of Portland and titular bishop of Crepedula by Pope Paul VI . They received their episcopal consecration on June 1 1966 from Archbisop Henry O'Brien , with Bishop Daniel Feeney and Bishop John Hackett serving as co-consecrators , at the Cathedral of St. Joseph in Hartford .
Due to the failing health of Bishop Feeney , Gerety became apostolic administrator of the diocese on February 18 , 1967 , assuming responsibility for the daily activities of the diocese.Upon the death of Bishop Feeney on September 15 , 1969 , Gerety succeeded them as the eighth Bishop of Portland .
During their tenure in Portland , they implemented what were perceived to be the liturgical reforms of the Second Vatican Council by modernizing the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception , through the removal of the high altar , cathedra , pulpit , and communion rail . They also provided housing for the elderly and expanded the Diocesan Bureau of Human Relations .
In 1969 , Gerety led a campaign against a bill in the state legislature to legalize abortions That same year , they called on Maine food retailers to stop selling California grapes , in support of the United Farm Workers ' dispute with growers . Gerety was one of 14 bishops in New England to sign a statement in 1973 endorsing a boycott of California-grown lettuce in a similar dispute . They also defended the rights of conscientious objectors during the Vietnam War and appealed to the Maine congressional delegation to modify the Selective Service Act .
Archbishop of Newark
Following the retirement of Archbishop Thomas Boland , Gerety was appointed the third Archbishop of Newark , New Jersey , on April 2 , 1974 . Their installation took place at the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart on June 28 of that year . They were the first archbishop of Newark to actually live in the city of Newark ; their predecessors lived in the Llewellyn Park section of West Orange .
During their 12-year tenure in Newark , Gerety created the Office of Pastoral Renewal and began a ministry to divorced Catholics . The Office of Pastoral Renewal evolved into RENEW International , an organization now based in Plainfield , New Jersey , that provides resources for small Christian communities in the United States , Canada , Latin America , and South Africa . Gerety established the Archbishop 's Annual Appeal in 1975 , and supported the charismatic and ecumenical movements . They also established the Archbishop Gerety Fund for Ecclesiastical History to advance studies in ecclesiastical history , especially the history of Catholicism in the United States .
In 1976 , Gerety sent a letter to the Democratic National Convention to protest the party 's platform on abortion , which they described as `` the bloody horror of the callous elimination of hundreds of thousands of God 's most defenseless little ones , our own flesh and blood . '' That same year , they testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on `` U.S. Foreign Policy : A Critique from Catholic Tradition , '' and in 1977 they represented the United States Catholic Conference before the House Ways and Means Committee to offer their view on President Jimmy Carter 's `` Better Jobs and Income '' proposal .
A year prior to their resignation , the Archbishop addressed the charismatic covenant community known as the People of Hope , a branch of the Sword of the Spirit . In 1984 , the Archbishop had asked People of Hope to submit statutes to bring them into a canonical relationship with the Archdiocese . The community responded positively . On December 8th , 1985 , Gerety addressed the People of Hope at length , informing them of the process they would be involved in over the next year to bring them into compliance with their expectations of a 'Catholic ' organization , approved by the Archdiocese . The People of Hope however claimed they were not subject to their authority as they were members of the Sword of the Spirit , an umbrella organization of Covenant Communities out of Ann Arbor , MI . Robert Gallic , a 'coordinator ' for the People of Hope , withdrew the 1984 statutes . Gerety 's retirement in 1986 was viewed by many of us in the Sword of the Spirit as a victory . See the collection of official correspondence between the Archbishop , their delegate , the People of Hope and the Sword of the Spirit at https : //www.scribd.com/document/76728560
Later life
Gerety submitted their letter of resignation as Archbishop of Newark to Pope John Paul II on June 3 , 1986 . At that time , they declared , `` It is well known that a bishop must resign at the age of 75 . I will be 74 years old next month and I told the Holy Father in my letter of resignation that for the good of God 's Church and for my own peace of mind , I believe it is time of a younger man to take over the reins of office here in Newark . I have done my best and I am very happy now to step aside . '' They were succeeded by then Bishop Theodore McCarrick . Gerety died in Totowa , New Jersey , on September 20 , 2016 , aged 104 , and was the world 's oldest living Catholic bishop at the time .
Legacy
On May 11 , 2013 , the Archdiocese of Newark settled two lawsuits by men who were abused as children by Carmen Sita , a priest at St. Aloysius Parish in Jersey City , New Jersey Five men were abused in the 1970 's by Sita , who in 1982 pleaded guilty to sexual assault . Gerety then allowed Sita to legally change their name to Gerald Howard and move to Missouri . Gerety never notified the Diocese of Jefferson City about Sita 's name change or their conviction . Sita then abused at least three more children in Missouri . The Archdiocese of Newark agreed to pay $ 650,000 to the five New Jersey victims and $ 225,000 to one Missouri victim .
On May 11 , 2021 , a woman filed a $ 50 million lawsuit against the Archdiocese of Newark . The plaintiff claimed that Gerety had sexually abused them starting in 1976 three or four times when they were five years old . Gerety had been bringing extra food to the family and babysitting the young girl . The New Jersey Independent Victim Compensation Program had investigated their claims , but did not find them credible . The program had offered them a $ 5,000 settlement , which they rejected .
References
1912 births
2016 deaths
St. Thomas Seminary alumni
Seminary of Saint-Sulpice ( France ) alumni
Roman Catholic bishops of Portland
Roman Catholic archbishops of Newark
American Roman Catholic clergy of Irish descent
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in the United States
People from Shelton , Connecticut
American centenarians
Men centenarians
Catholics from Connecticut
Catholics from New Jersey
USA-91 , also known as GPS IIA-11 , GPS II-20 and GPS SVN-37 , was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System . It was the eleventh of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched .
Background
Global Positioning System ( GPS ) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground , sea , and air forces . Since its implementation , GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe , including recreational used ( e.g. , boating , aircraft , hiking ) , corporate vehicle fleet tracking , and surveying . GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0° . These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane .
GPS Block 2 was the operational system , following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 ( Navstar 1 - 11 ) spacecraft . These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized , nadir pointing using reaction wheels . Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power . They used S-band ( SGLS ) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency ( UHF ) cross-link between spacecraft . The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz ( L1 ) and 1227.60 MHz ( L2 ) . Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors . Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force , the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years .
Launch
USA-91 was launched at 00:07:00 UTC on 13 May 1993 , atop a Delta II launch vehicle , flight number D220 , flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration . The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A ( LC-17A ) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ( CCAFS ) , and placed USA-91 into a transfer orbit . The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor .
Mission
On 14 June 1993 , USA-91 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.88 minutes , and 54.9° of inclination to the equator . It broadcast signal PRN 07 , and operated in slot 4 of plane C of the GPS constellation . The satellite had a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years , and ceased operations on 20 December 2007 .
Following decommissioning , it was kept as a reserve satellite . It was finally put in a disposal orbit approximately 1000 km above the operational constellation on 18 March 2016 .
References
Spacecraft launched in 1993
GPS satellites
USA satellites
University of Extremadura ( in ) is a Spanish public university in Extremadura ( Badajoz and Cáceres ) .
It was founded in 1973 by Decree 991/1973 , May 10 ( BOE May 18 ) of the Ministry of Education and Science of Spain .
Currently the University of Extremadura offers 64 Bachelor 's Degrees and 32 Master 's Degrees in many different fields of knowledge .
Together with the University of Cantabria , Castilla-La Mancha , Balearic Islands , La Rioja , Navarra , Oviedo , Zaragoza and the Basque Country , form the Group G9 of Universities ( formed by the universities that are alone in their autonomous community ) .
Structure
The University of Extremadura is distributed into four different campuses : Badajoz , Cáceres , Mérida and Plasencia . Each campus has different specialities :
Badajoz Campus
Faculty of Science ( Mathematics , Chemistry , Physics , Chemical Engineering , Biology , Environmental Sciences , Biotechnology , Enology ) .
School of Industrial Engineerings ( Industrial Engineering , Materials Engineering , Electronic Engineering , Biomedical Engineering , Renewable Energies , Mechanical Engineering , Electrical Engineering ) .
Faculty of Economics Sciences .
Faculty of Education .
Faculty of Medicine .
Cáceres Campus
Faculty of Laws
Faculty of Veterinary
Faculty of Sport Science
Faculty of Teacher Training
Faculty of Nursing and Occupational Therapy
School of Technology
Faculty of Philosophy and Letters
Faculty of Business and Tourism
Mérida Campus
Mérida Campus offers five different bachelor 's degrees : Industrial Design Engineering , Telecommunication Engineering , Information Technologies , Geomatics and Topography , and Nursing ( in collaboration with Mérida 's Hospital ) .
Plasencia Campus
Plasencia Campus offers the Degree in Forestry Engineering , Podiatry and Administration and Business Management .
UEx Virtual Campus
The Virtual Campus of the University of Extremadura ( CVUE ) complements the education that students receive in the classroom . Based on the New Technologies of Information and Communication aims to provide to teachers , students and administration and services staff , tools that extend and enhance the teaching-learning processes and teamwork . The UEX encourages virtual collaboration to be successfully with these processes , breaking with traditional models .
References
External links
Campus Virtual de la Universidad de Extremadura
Extremadura
Incubus HQ Live is a participatory media exhibit and real-time documentary by American rock band Incubus in collaboration with Sony Music Entertainment and producer/director Marc Scarpa . Held in the summer of 2011 , it allowed fan access and interaction with the band as they prepared for the release of their seventh studio album , If Not Now , When ? . From June 30 to July 6 in a warehouse space in West Los Angeles , California , band members Brandon Boyd , Mike Einziger , Jose Pasillas , Ben Kenney and DJ Kilmore and their fans participated in instrument clinics , question and answer sessions , video chats and large art canvases where both band members and fans alike were encouraged to share original artwork . Each night , Incubus performed a fan created set-list , starting with their earliest material and culminating on the last night with a performance of If Not Now , When ? in its entirety .
Events throughout the day and the nightly performances were streamed over the web from multiple points of view ( professional and fan-held cameras alike ) while participants from around the world shared in the experience through Twitter , Facebook , Livestream , TweetBeam and YouTube . The broadcast was viewed by nearly 2 million people over the course of the week .
The multi-platform , real-time approach to the documentary format allowed Incubus and their fans to reflect on what the music had come to mean to them over time , its significance for them in the moment and its potential and possibility for the future .
A special box set containing performances , interviews with the band members , archival footage and candid footage from over the course of Incubus HQ Live was released in July 2012 .
References
Simulcasts
Documentaries about music
Incubus ( band )
La ceinture du grand froid , by Nic & Cauvin , is the thirtieth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series , and the first of the authors . The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine , before released as a hardcover album in 1983 .
Story
In The Belt of Great Cold , Fantasio made the eccentric purchase of an old ship on which he , Spirou and Spip go on a journey by sea . They end up arriving in a zone in which the climate resembles the North Pole , but the three scientists living the close island explains to them that this `` belt of cold '' is caused artificially and that the island is fictitious also .
Thus , these scientists build an interplanetary vessel in order to flee the Earth , whose great powers try to exploit their genius with fine soldiers . Mercenaries occur , with the orders of the commander Alexander , in order to take them along , but Spirou and Fantasio manage to slow down them sufficiently a long time and the scientists flee in their making believe that they all are died .
References
Cauvin publications in Spirou and Nic Broca publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou ( magazine )
Literature first published in serial form
1983 books
1983 in comics
Arctic in fiction
Nautical comics
Emil Matthew Laird ( November 29 , 1895 – December 18 , 1982 ) was a pioneering American aircraft designer , builder , pilot , and business person . They put the first commercial aircraft into production at their E. M. Laird Aviation Company .
Biography
Childhood , airplane designer , and barnstormer
Laird was born on November 29 , 1896 and grew up in Chicago . Their father died in 1909 . A year later , after Laird completed eighth grade , they were forced to go to work to help support their mother and three siblings . They found a job as an office boy at the First National Bank of Chicago .
While working at the bank , Laird had their first experience with aviation . They watched Walter Brookins fly a Wright Model A in Chicago 's Grant Park . Laird later described the experience , “ I was so thrilled with seeing them fly and maneuver around the land that I said right then and there that I wanted part of it and made up my mind I was going to have it . I did n't know how , but I would. ” Towards that end they started building models and joined a model airplane club .
Laird 's first full-size aircraft was a bicycle with glider wings attached that they built at the age of 15 . They then built a monoplane of their own design in their mother 's attic and flew it on September 15 , 1913 , getting off the ground . Four months later , they managed to get twice as high . Laird used the plane to teach themselves to fly . After a friend crashed the plane and heavily damaged it , Laird and their friends scavenged its parts and built their second plane , the Laird Baby Biplane , which was completed in 1914 . Laird flew the Baby Biplane in local meets .
The promoter Bill Pickens heard of Laird 's flights in the tiny biplane and hired them to demonstrate aircraft . Laird was paid $ 350 just to take off and circle a field in the early days of skeptical onlookers . Over the next three years Laird performed as a barnstorming pilot at county fairs all over the Midwest . They also worked during the winter at the Sloan Aircraft plant in Bround Brook , New Jersey , primarily to learn how to better build planes by working under skilled craftsmen . Eventually , Laird became one of the best-known exhibition flyers in the United States .
During this period , Laird and some colleagues also built a larger biplane . Laird 's 1915 Biplane became known as “ Boneshaker ” due to the strong vibrations created by its 45-horsepower , six-cylinder Anzani radial engine . With this plane Laird was able to perform several challenging aerobatic maneuvers , including the loop-the-loop . At that time only a handful of American exhibition pilots had both the skill and a plane with enough power and structural strength to perform a loop . In 1916 , Laird loaned this plane to Katherine Stinson for the first tour of an airplane in Japan and China . Both Stinson 's flying and Laird 's plane garnered significant international attention during the tour . This plane is on display at the Henry Ford Museum .
In March , 1917 , Laird was testing a new biplane built by another designer . During one of the test flights the plane entered a spin from which Laird could not recover . The resulting crash broke numerous of Laird 's bones and they almost lost a leg . They were in the hospital for months and ended up with an improperly knitted elbow , which disqualified them from military service during World War I . Towards the end of the war they returned to Chicago to build airplanes .
Business owner and airplane designer
In 1920 , Laird was recruited to start building airplanes in Wichita , Kansas , and they co-founded the E. M. Laird Aviation Company with their brother Charles Laird and investors William A. Burke and Jacob Mollendick to build an aircraft called the Swallow . Over the next four years , about 43 Swallows were built . The Swallow set the standard for light biplanes for the coming decade . Among the company 's approximately 20 employees was draftsman Lloyd Stearman and pilot-salesperson Walter Beech . Barnstormer Clyde Cessna was an early customer . These three men later founded the Travel Air company and then each formed their own aviation company .
After a disagreement with the company 's major stockholder , Laird left the company in 1923 and founded the E. M. Laird Airplane Company to build commercial aircraft such as the Laird Commercial and custom designs . Laird retained sole ownership of the new company and did not accept outside capital , even during the Great Depression . As a result , the company was relatively small , never exceeding 85 employees , but it built a reputation for sleek , rugged , and fast airframes and high quality products .
In 1930 , Laird was approached about developing an entry for the 1930 Thompson Trophy Race . In three weeks Laird and their staff developed the Laird LC-DW300 Solution , which won the race . This was just one of multiple notable Laird racers—including Super Solution and the Laird-Turner RT-14 Meteor—and major wins , including the first Bendix Trophy race in 1931 and the 1938 and 1939 Thompson Trophy races . Laird had the reputation of getting more speed with fewer horsepower than other designers , in large part due to the quality of workmanship . During the 1930s , to complement income from developing aircraft , the company also successfully bid on work to support the growing airline passenger industry , such as refurbishing DC-3 fuel tanks and building passenger loading stands .
World War II and retirement
In anticipation of the United States entering World War II , Laird closed their plant in July 1941 , and they became vice president of a manufacturing company in Laporte , Indiana ( which later became Laporte Corp. ) . They brought with them all of their factory machinery , equipment , and materials . Despite starting with an untrained workforce , Laird led the company in successfully meeting rapidly expanding wartime needs for a wide range of components , including B-24 and SB2C vertical fins , complete empennage groups for Martin B-26s , wing flaps , radio cabinets , and crew bunks .
After the war , Laird was concerned about business prospects for civil aviation . They were also wanted to pursue treatments for their daughter , who had contracted polio . At the time , the standard treatment was frequent immersions in warm water along with physical therapy . As a result of both factors , Laird retired and they and their wife moved their family to Boca Raton , Florida .
In retirement , Laird was active in multiple aviation history efforts . This included serving as president of the Early Birds of Aviation . They were also involved with restorations of their 1930s racers Solution and Super Solution .
Laird died in Palm Beach , Florida at the age of 87 .
Legacy
They were inducted into the Kansas Aviation Hall of Fame in 1999 .
References
External links
Photograph of Laird Swallows , Kansas Historical Society
American aviation businesspeople
Aviators from Illinois
1890s births
1982 deaths
Members of the Early Birds of Aviation
Aeronautical engineers
Air racing
Aviation pioneers
Aerobatic pilots
Munkamba Airport is an airport serving the town of Munkamba in Kasaï-Central Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
See also
Transport in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
List of airports in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
External links
FallingRain - Munkamba Airport
HERE Maps - Munkamba
OpenStreetMaps - Munkamba
OurAirports - Munkamba Airport
Airports in Kasaï-Central
Lyndon Dale is an unincorporated community located in the town of Fox Lake , Dodge County , Wisconsin , United States . The community is found on a peninsula in Fox Lake .
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Dodge County , Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Cornelio Musso ( or Cornelius ) ( 1511–1574 ) was an Italian Friar Minor Conventual , Bishop of Bitonto ( 1544–1574 ) , Bishop of Bertinoro ( 1541–1544 ) , and prominent at the Council of Trent . They are , perhaps , the most renowned orator of their day , styled the `` Italian Demosthenes '' . Returning to ancient patristic models , they raised the homily to a high form of perfection .
Biography
Musso was born at Piacenza . On 14 Nov 1541 , they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul III as Bishop of Bertinoro . On 27 Oct 1544 , they were transferred by Pope Paul III to the Diocese of Bitonto .
They served as Bishop of Bitonto until their death on 13 Jan 1574 . They were among the first three bishops present at the Council of Trent , where they delivered the inaugural oration , distinguishing themselves especially at the debates on justification . In 1560 they were sent as papal legate to Emperor Ferdinand .
They wrote : `` De divina historia libri tres '' ( Venice , 1585 ; 1587 ) ; `` Comment . in epist . ad Romanos '' ( Venice , 1588 ) ; `` De operibus sex dierum '' ( Venice , 1598 ) . Their `` Conciones evangeliorum '' and `` Sermones '' ( ed . by Jos . Musso , Venice , 1580 ) were translated into Latin by Michael ab Isselt ( Cologne , 1594 ) .
They served as Bishop of Bitonto until their death on 13 Jan 1574 . Musso was buried in the Basilica of Santi Apostoli , the Curia of the Order of Friars Minor Conventual , in Rome .
Episcopal succession
While bishop , they were the principal consecrator of :
Sisto Diuzioli , Bishop of Carinola ( 1572 ) ;
and the principal co-consecrator of :
Gian Antonio Fassano , Titular Bishop of Christopolis and Auxiliary Bishop of Monreale ;
Giovanni Antonio Lazzari , Bishop of Amelia ( 1572 ) ;
Jakob Feucht , Titular Bishop of Athyra and Auxiliary Bishop of Bamberg ( 1572 ) ;
Giulio Fioretti , Bishop of Chiron ( 1572 ) ; and
César Alamagna Cardona , Bishop of Cava de ' Tirreni ( 1572 ) .
References
Gaudentius Guggenbichler , Beiträge z. Kirchengesch . d. 16. und 17 . Jahrh . ( Bozen , 1880 ) , 48 sqq .
Manuale dei Minori Conventuali , 324 sq .
Pallavicino , Istoria de concilio di Trento ( Rome , 1883 ) , passim
Keppler in Theologische Quartalschrift ( Tübingen , 1892 ) , 98
Hugo von Hurter , Nomenclator Lit. , III ( 3rd ed . ) , 84 sqq .
External links
1511 births
1574 deaths
Conventual Friars Minor
Bishops of Bitonto
Participants in the Council of Trent
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Conventual Franciscan bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul III
Oak Valley is an unincorporated community in Yuba County , California . It is located south-southeast of Strawberry Valley , at an elevation of 3012 feet ( 918 m ) .
Oak Valley
`` This little mining town is situated on the head waters of Oak Valley Creek , two miles from North Yuba River , and six miles northeast from Camptonville . It received its name on account of oak timber growing in the vicinity . Gold was discovered here about the same time as at the other diggings , and quite a town sprang up . In 1855 , there were one hundred men here , a store , saloon , restaurant , hotel , etc . For ten years the town thrived and then went down as did most of the other places . There are about twenty men at work now , and a store and saloon combined kept by a Frenchman . ''
- Thompson & West , History of Yuba County , 1879
The town at its founding is the setting of Catherine Bell 's 2014 novel , Rush of Shadows .
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County , California
Zaw Zaw ( ) is a Burmese business magnate , banker , investor , and philanthropist . They are the chairperson of Max Myanmar Group of Companies , a major conglomerate . Zaw Zaw has served as the president of the Myanmar Football Federation since 2005 , and vice president of ASEAN Football Federation ( AFF ) and Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) .
Early life
Zaw Zaw was born in Yegyi Township , Ayeyarwady Region in 1967 . They graduated from University of Yangon majoring in Mathematics .
Business
They started their career in the early 1990s when they were living in Japan , which a part-time job washing dishes in Ginza . In 1993 , they founded Max Myanmar , initially as an exporter of used Japanese cars to their home country . They reportedly had close ties to key figures from the former ruling military junta , the State Peace and Development Council , including Maung Aye and Than Shwe 's grandson Nay Shwe Thway Aung . Through their relationships , Zaw Zaw has won concessions and import licenses , including most of the country 's car and motorcycle imports licenses , as well as import and distribution licenses for fuel . In 1996 , they went into construction sector , one year later , they started Hotel Business with Hotel Max Yangon . Their company won several bids to construction projects in Naypyidaw , the country 's new capital , including a stadium for the 2013 Southeast Asian Games .
In 2009 , Zaw Zaw suffered a major setback , when they were blacklisted by the United States , being one of around 200 individuals and companies that had sanctions against doing business with them imposed , under a Specially Designated Nationals ( SDN ) List regulated by the U.S. Treasury . Their attempt to enter the Singaporean stock market as an international business person by bidding over Aussino Group Ltd. was not successful . Singaporean stock market regulators were concerned at this and rejected the bid in January 2013 . Annual revenue of Max Myanmar Group was about US $ 500 million in the early 2010s . In 2010 , they established the Ayeyarwady Foundation to provide funding for charity projects such as building schools and medical institutions .
They were delisted from SDN list by the US Treasury in 2016 .
Sports
Football
Zaw Zaw has been serving as the chairperson of the Myanmar Football Federation since 2005 .
They also served as an Executive Committee Member of Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) and the Chairman of AFC Organising Committee for Youth Competition . After their first-term of vice presidency in ASEAN Football Federation ( AFF ) , they were re-elected as vice-president of ASEAN Football Federation ( AFF ) for another four-year term from 2019-2023 at the AFF 26th Congress in March 2019 . In April 2019 , they were elected as a vice president of Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) for the next four-year term ( 2019-2023 ) .
Tennis
They chaired Myanmar Tennis Federation from 2002 to 2005 . They brought Davis Cup back to Myanmar after 50 years and the country hosted Zonal competition in 2005 .
Philanthropy
Zaw Zaw is an active philanthropist , and is involved in causes including healthcare , education , disaster response and youth development . In 2011 , they constructed 550-bedded Yankin Children 's Hospital worth Kyats 9 billion ( $ 10 million ) and transferred the hospital ownership to the Ministry of Health to be used as a tertiary paediatric hospital in Yangon as well as a teaching hospital of University of Medicine 2 , Yangon .
They continuously provided funds to the hundreds of patients with Congenital heart disease ( CHD ) through their foundation who are in real need of such donation and support for required surgery .
In 2017 , they donated Kyats 2.33 billion ( $ 1.7 million ) in Rakhine State through their Ayeyarwady Foundation . Their foundation also provides free medical treatments to the under-privileged children in Yankin Children 's Hospital .
They donated ten thousand balls to the Football for Schools Programme .
They consistently contributed for COVID-19 . They supported MMK 100 millions worth medical aids for Waibagi Hospital and Yankin Children 's Hospital and provided facility quarantines for more than 350 people . They also funded 500 Million MMK worth of Health Insurance Benefit for Caregivers and provided accommodation , daily meals and transportation services ferrying the doctors and nurses from Waibargi Hospital , who are facing the difficulties of commuting and lodgings .
They have contributed over US $ 2.2 million ( 3 billion kyats ) to Myanmar 's fight against the coronavirus outbreak since March .
In September 2020 , Zaw Zaw has been built temporary treatment center for COVID-19 positive people which is built within seven days in Yangon through Ayeyarwady Foundation . Ministry of Health and Sports assigned a team of 100 healthcare professionals and volunteers to run the site and the foundation contributes the entire bill for construction , logistics , foods and medical supplies .
Recognition
Their efforts for Myanmar football as the Chairman of Myanmar Football Federation starting from 2005 , were recognized by the ASEAN Football Federation and was instrumental in the MFF picking up the AFF Association of the Year award at the AFF Awards 2013 in the first week of April .
On 30 April 2013 , they were honoured with the State Excellence Award of the President of Myanmar for being one of the top taxpayers in the country . They were honoured country 's top taxes payer certificate by President U Win Myint for the 2017-18 fiscal year .
In 2013 November , they led the MFF to obtain the AFC Dream Asia award , which is given in recognition of those who share the values of Dream Asia , the AFC 's social responsibility initiative , which promotes the culture of giving , and emphasizes the power of football in bringing about positive change in respective Asian societies .
They have been recognized as `` Banker of the Year '' by Myanmar Times in 2014 for their impressive leading performance .
They empowered Myanmar National Under-20 Football Team to reach FIFA U-20 World cup 2015 in New Zealand , and the MFF was recognized by the AFF Association of the Year award at the AFF Awards 2015 .
In mid-August 2017 , for the second time running , they received the ASEAN Goodwill Award at the AFF Football Awards for their outstanding acts or contributions to the ASEAN Football Federation .
References
1966 births
Living people
People from Ayeyarwady Region
University of Yangon alumni
Burmese philanthropists
Recipients of the Thiri Pyanchi
20th-century Burmese businesspeople
21st-century businesspeople
The Martian Piloted Complex or MPK was a Soviet Union human mission to Mars proposed in 1956-62 by Mikhail Tikhonravov . It featured a six-Cosmonaut crew on a 900-day mission , with a launch in 1975 .
The craft would have a mass of 1,630 metric tons and land a crew on Mars for a one-year expedition . It would take 25 N1 rocket launches to assemble the MPK .
See also
References
External links
MPK page
Soviet Mars missions
Cancelled Soviet spacecraft
Human missions to Mars
The following lists events that have happened in 1909 in the Qajar dynasty , Iran .
Incumbents
Monarch : Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar ( until July 16 ) , Ahmad Shah Qajar ( starting July 16 )
Prime Minister :
until April 29 : Ahmad Moshir al-Saltaneh
April 29-May 2 : Kamran Mirza Nayeb al-Saltaneh
May 2-May 8 : vacant
May 8-July 13 : Javad Sa 'd al-Dowleh
July 17-September 30 : vacant
starting September 30 : Mohammad Vali Khan Tonekaboni
Events
January 23 – The 7.3 Borujerd earthquake affected central Iran with a maximum Mercalli intensity of IX ( Violent ) , killing between 6,000–8000 .
July 16 – Ahmad Shah Qajar , the last king of Qajar dynasty , ascended to throne .
References
Iran
Years of the 20th century in Iran
1900s in Iran
Iran
Daisy Deane is an American ballad composed by Lieutenant T.F . Winthrop and James Ramsey Murray in an American Civil War camp . The music for it was published by Root & Cady . It has been recorded by the Nashville Mandolin Ensemble on the album The Arkansas Traveler : Music from Little House On the Prairie and on the 2016 album From the Parlor to the Prairie . The Library of Congress has a version published by S. Brainard 's Sons . Grandpa Jones recorded a version of the song on King records in 1949 . The song has also been recorded by Valerie Coates , Jason Andrews , Timothy O'Connor & Jeff Morrissey on the album From the Parlor to the Prairie .
The lyrics of the song reminisce about meeting Daisy Deane in a flowery meadow in springtime with green grass , flower buds , birds singing , and how they outshone the flowers . The scenery has faded and Daisy is reported as dead A research report describes it as a `` strophic with chorus piano and voice '' . but the narrator 's memory of them remains fresh and love for remains .
`` None knew thee but to love thee thou dear one of my heart . ''
References
American folk songs
1860s songs
Joseph Jackson ( September 23 , 1880 – December 30 , 1960 ) was an American sport shooter and Olympic champion . They were born in St. Louis , Missouri . They won three gold medals , all in team events , at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp .
References
External links
Joseph Jackson at FindAGrave
1880 births
1960 deaths
American male sport shooters
Shooters at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in shooting
Olympic medalists in shooting
United States Distinguished Marksman
Sportspeople from St. Louis
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
19th-century American people
20th-century American people
Paul Thomas Mirabella ( born March 20 , 1954 ) is a former professional baseball pitcher . Mirabella , who threw left-handed , played all or parts of 13 seasons in Major League Baseball for the Texas Rangers ( 1978 and 1982 ) , New York Yankees ( 1979 ) , Toronto Blue Jays ( 1980–81 ) , Baltimore Orioles ( 1983 ) , Seattle Mariners ( 1984–86 ) and Milwaukee Brewers ( 1987–90 ) .
Career
Mirabella attended Parsippany High School in Parsippany-Troy Hills , New Jersey , then went on to Montclair State University .
Mirabella had a 19–29 win–loss record with a 4.45 earned run average . They appeared in 298 games , including 33 as a starting pitcher , 3 of which were complete games , including 1 shutout . As a relief pitcher , they finished 88 games , compiling 13 saves . Overall , they pitched 499.2 innings , facing 2,236 batters , striking out 258 . They allowed 526 hits , 284 runs ( 247 earned ) , 43 home runs , 239 walks ( 29 intentional ) , 13 hit batsmen , 17 wild pitches and 1 balk .
References
External links
, or Baseball Gauge , or Retrosheet , or Venezuelan Professional Baseball League
1954 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Asheville Tourists players
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from New Jersey
Beloit Brewers players
Calgary Cannons players
Columbus Clippers players
Denver Zephyrs players
Leones del Caracas players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Major League Baseball pitchers
Milwaukee Brewers players
Montclair State Red Hawks baseball players
Montclair State University alumni
New York Yankees players
Parsippany High School alumni
People from Belleville , New Jersey
People from Parsippany-Troy Hills , New Jersey
Portland Beavers players
Rochester Red Wings players
Seattle Mariners players
Sportspeople from Morris County , New Jersey
Syracuse Chiefs players
Texas Rangers players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Tucson Toros players
Tulsa Drillers players
West Palm Beach Tropics players
Natisha Naresha John ( born 6 May 2000 ) is a Trinidadian footballer who plays as a defender . They have been a member of the Trinidad and Tobago women 's national team .
International career
John represented Trinidad and Tobago at the 2016 CONCACAF Women 's U-17 Championship qualification and the 2018 CONCACAF Women 's U-20 Championship . At senior level , they capped during the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games and the 2018 CONCACAF Women 's Championship qualification .
References
2000 births
Living people
Women 's association football defenders
Trinidad and Tobago women 's footballers
People from Tunapuna–Piarco
Trinidad and Tobago women 's international footballers
Competitors at the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games
Young Harris Mountain Lions women 's soccer players
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate women 's footballers
Trinidad and Tobago expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate women 's soccer players in the United States
Loilem Township is a township of Loilem District in the Shan State of Myanmar . The principal town is Loilem . In 2018 , the Myanmar Army was accused of committing war crimes in the township . In November 2019 , police destroyed several acres of poppy plantations in the township .
References
Townships of Shan State
Loilen District
Kwai Fong Estate ( ) is a public housing estate in Kwai Fong , Kwai Chung , New Territories , Hong Kong . It was built in the reclaimed land of Gin Drinkers Bay , later the town centre of Kwai Chung , south of Kwai Hing Estate . Kwai Fong station is named after the name of the estate . It comprises twelve buildings with a total of 6,400 units and a shopping arcade .
Background
Before redevelopment , it consisted of 11 buildings which were completed between 1971 and 1973 . In 1982 , the buildings were revealed to have structural defects . In 1985 , the HKHA announced that the strength of the concrete in blocks 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 of Kwai Fong Estate was below standard . Those blocks were demolished between 1985 and 1989 . Other old buildings were also demolished in the 1990s to cope with the estate redevelopment . The estate was later redeveloped with 12 new buildings built between 1987 and 2002 .
Houses
Demographics
According to the 2016 by-census , Kwai Fong Estate had a population of 18,023 . The median age was 46.8 and the majority of residents ( 94.2 per cent ) were of Chinese ethnicity . The average household size was 2.9 people . The median monthly household income of all households ( i.e . including both economically active and inactive households ) was HK $ 22,540 .
Politics
Kwai Fong Estate is located in Kwai Fong constituency of the Kwai Tsing District Council . It was formerly represented by Leung Yiu-chung , who was elected in the 2019 elections until February 2021 .
See also
Public housing estates in Kwai Chung
References
Residential buildings completed in 1987
Residential buildings completed in 1990
Residential buildings completed in 1991
Residential buildings completed in 1993
Residential buildings completed in 1996
Residential buildings completed in 1998
Residential buildings completed in 2000
Residential buildings completed in 2002
Kwai Chung
Kwai Fong
Public housing estates in Hong Kong
1987 establishments in Hong Kong
Matt W. Windschitl ( born December 30 , 1983 ) is an American politician and business person serving as a member of the Iowa House of Representatives from the 17th District and Majority Leader of the Iowa House .
Early life and education
Born in 1983 in Marshalltown , Iowa , Windschitl studied gunsmithing at the Colorado School of Trades .
Career
A Republican , they have served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2007 . Windschitl works for Doll Distributing in Council Bluffs , Iowa . Previously they have worked as a conductor for the Union Pacific Railroad and as a gunsmith .
Windschitl is a member of the United States Marine Corps Reserve and served a six-month tour in Iraq .
Windschitl was elected by their caucus to serve as House Majority Leader in 2019 . Previously , they served as the Speaker Pro Tempore and served on several committees in the Iowa House : Judiciary , Local Government , Veterans Affairs , and Ways and Means committees .
References
External links
Representative Matt Windschitl official Iowa General Assembly site
Financial information ( state office ) at the National Institute for Money in State Politics
Profile at Iowa House Republicans
|-
|-
|-
1983 births
21st-century American politicians
Iowa Republicans
Living people
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
People from Harrison County , Iowa
Politicians from Marshalltown , Iowa
Union Pacific Railroad people
Ralph Barnes was the Archdeacon of Totnes from 1775 until 1820 . They died in their 89th year at Harberton on Saturday 20 May 1820 . Their son George was later Archdeacon of Barnstaple .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
1820 deaths
Year of birth missing
Megalomyrmex adamsae is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae . Megalomyrmex adamsae , known from Panama , is very similar to M. symmetochus , known from Costa Rica to Panama .
Biology
Megalomyrmex adamsae is a specialized social parasite of Attini , like its close relative M. symmetochus . Colonies cohabit nests with their attine hosts as `` guest ants , '' feeding on fungal mycelia and attine brood . Megalomyrmex adamsae and M. symmetochus differ in host preference : M. adamsae is typically found in Trachymyrmex nests , M. symmetochus in Sericomyrmex nests .
References
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 2010
Kocudza Pierwsza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Kocudza Pierwsza
Lublin Governorate
Lublin Voivodeship ( 1919–1939 )
Regis-Breitingen ( ) is a town in the Leipzig district , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany . It is situated on the river Pleiße , 6 km southwest of Borna .
References
Leipzig ( district )
White County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana . As of the 2010 United States Census , the population was 24,643 . The county seat ( and only incorporated city ) is Monticello .
History
The first white settlers in the future White County arrived in the land west of Tippecanoe River in 1829 , and in other parts of the county in 1831 . This area was part of Carroll County during that period .
By 1833 , so many settlers had entered the area that the state legislature were pressured to have a separate county created . On 1 February 1834 the state approved the creation of this county , directing that it be named for Isaac White . Interim commissioners were named and directed to organize the county during the summer of 1834 , and to choose a county seat in September . They did so on 5 September 1834 , naming Monticello as the future seat , due to its central location . While the county was being organized , it was attached to Carroll County for administrative and judicial purposes .
The county name honored Isaac White of Equality , Illinois , who was killed at the Battle of Tippecanoe in 1811 . White was a Colonel in the Illinois militia , who volunteered to serve as a Private in the Indiana militia in the march against Prophetstown . They were placed under the command of Kentucky Maj. Joseph Hamilton Daveiss . The two exchanged swords in a demonstration of mutual respect at Fort Vincennes . In the Battle of Tippecanoe they died together and were buried in a common grave at Battle Ground .
Alterations were made to the county 's boundaries on 24 December 1834 , on 4 February 1837 , and on 14 February 1839 . In addition , the counties of Jasper ( 1837 ) , Pulaski ( 1839 ) , Newton ( 1839 ) , and Benton ( 1840 ) removed significant portions of the county 's territory . The borders have remained unchanged since 1840 .
Geography
The low , rolling hills of White County are entirely devoted to agriculture or to urban development . The Tippecanoe River flows southward through the central part of the county . The highest point on the terrain ( 770 feet/235 meters ASL ) is a gentle rise about 2.8 miles ( 4.5 km ) SSE from Wolcott .
According to the 2010 United States Census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 99.30 % ) is land and ( or 0.70 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Pulaski County - north
Cass County - east
Carroll County - southeast
Tippecanoe County - south
Benton County - west
Jasper County - northwest/CST Border
City and towns
Brookston ( town )
Burnettsville ( town )
Chalmers ( town )
Monon ( town )
Monticello ( city/county seat )
Reynolds ( town )
Wolcott ( town )
Census-designated places
Buffalo
Idaville
Norway
Unincorporated places
Badger Grove
Bell Center
Cedar Point
East Monticello
Golden Hill
Guernsey
Headlee
Indiana Beach
Lee
Round Grove
Seafield
Sitka
Smithson
Springboro
Townships
Big Creek
Cass
Honey Creek
Jackson
Liberty
Lincoln
Monon
Prairie
Princeton
Round Grove
Union
West Point
Major highways
Interstate 65
U.S. Route 24
U.S. Route 231
U.S. Route 421
Indiana State Road 16
Indiana State Road 18
Indiana State Road 39
Indiana State Road 43
Indiana State Road 119
Railroads
CSX Transportation
Toledo , Peoria and Western Railway
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Monticello have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1963 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in July .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The legislative branch of the county government ; controls spending and revenue collection in the county . Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts . They set salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county ; commissioners are elected county-wide , to staggered four-year terms . One commissioner serves as president . The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council , collect revenue , and manage the county government .
Court : The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases . The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
County Officials : The county has other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk . These officers are elected to four-year terms . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 24,643 people , 9,741 households , and 6,849 families in the county . The population density was . There were 12,970 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.9 % white , 0.4 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.3 % black or African American , 3.7 % from other races , and 1.4 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 7.1 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 27.0 % were German , 13.3 % were Irish , 9.7 % were English , and 8.4 % were American .
Of the 9,741 households , 31.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.1 % were married couples living together , 9.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , 29.7 % were non-families , and 24.8 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.96 . The median age was 41.9 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 52,626 . Males had a median income of $ 39,715 versus $ 28,880 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 22,323 . About 7.7 % of families and 9.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 13.0 % of those under age 18 and 4.5 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Public schools in White County are administered by the Frontier School Corporation , North White School Corporation , Tri-County School Corporation and Twin Lakes School Corporation .
High Schools and Middle Schools
Tri-County Middle/Senior High School
Frontier Junior-Senior High School
North White High School
North White Middle School
Roosevelt Middle School
Twin Lakes High School
Elementary Schools
Eastlawn Elementary School
Frontier Elementary School
Meadowlawn Elementary School
Monon Elementary School
Oaklawn Elementary School
Tri-County Intermediate School
See also
Meadow Lake Wind Farm
National Register of Historic Places listings in White County , Indiana
References
External links
Indiana counties
1834 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1834
Sundown towns in Indiana
The 1998–99 NBA season was the 31st season for the Seattle SuperSonics in the National Basketball Association . During the off-season , the Sonics signed free agents Billy Owens and former Sonics center Olden Polynice , and acquired Don MacLean from the New Jersey Nets . After a lockout wiped out half the season , cutting it to 50 games , the Sonics got off to a strong start under new head coach Paul Westphal , winning their first six games . However , they soon fell apart losing nine of their next twelve games as Vin Baker played just 34 games due to thumb and knee injuries . Owens and MacLean both missed large parts of the season also due to injuries . From there , the Sonics would play around .500 for the remainder of the season finishing fifth in the Pacific Division with a 25–25 record , losing a tie-breaker for the # 8 seed in the Western Conference to the Minnesota Timberwolves , and missing the playoffs for the first time since 1990 .
Gary Payton averaged 21.7 points , 8.7 assists and 2.2 steals per game , and was named to the All-NBA Second Team , and to the NBA All-Defensive First Team , while Detlef Schrempf averaged 15.0 points and 7.4 rebounds per game , and Baker provided the team with 13.8 points and 6.2 rebounds per game . In addition , sixth man Dale Ellis and Hersey Hawkins both contributed 10.3 points per game each , while MacLean provided with 10.9 points per game in only just 17 games , and Polynice led the team with 8.9 rebounds per game . Payton also finished in ninth place in Most Valuable Player voting , and in third place in Defensive Player of the Year voting .
Following the season , Schrempf signed as a free agent with the Portland Trail Blazers , while Hawkins was traded to the Chicago Bulls , Polynice signed with the Utah Jazz , and Ellis , Owens and MacLean were all traded to the Orlando Magic .
Draft picks
Roster
Regular season
Season standings
z – clinched division title
y – clinched division title
x – clinched playoff spot
Record vs. opponents
Game log
Player statistics
NOTE : Please write the players statistics in alphabetical order by last name .
Season
Awards and records
Awards
Gary Payton , All-NBA Second Team
Gary Payton , NBA All-Defensive First Team
Records
Transactions
Trades
Free agents
Additions
Subtractions
References
See also
1998–99 NBA season
Seattle SuperSonics seasons
Martinovići may refer to :
Martinovići , Sisak-Moslavina County , a settlement in Glina , Croatia
Martinovići , Gusinje , Montenegro
Natyoshala , is a unique Indian drama related non-profit organisation . It is the brain child of some Bengali drama enthusiasts . It is supported by many people from all the parts of the world including North America , Asia , and Europe . It is a collective initiative , which provides the unique setting to share one 's act ( s ) either as a solo artist or in a group with other drama enthusiasts . It aims to bring together people who share enthusiasm in drama either as a playwright , actor , director , producer , music composer or in any other role , regardless of any geographical or language barrier .
Web portal
It is associated to a web portal whose goal is to provide a platform to practice and develop modern plays for everyone . The significance of such a web portal lies in the fact that while there are quite a few online resources about Bengali Theatre or Bengali drama , there are hardly any resources for amateur/non-professional drama enthusiasts . The preliminary goal of Natyoshala is to cater to the need of that group of people apart from spreading the message of Bengali drama to a wider audience .
Features
The prominent features of Natyoshala portal are
The most popular feature is an open source drama script repository . It contains mostly Indian drama scripts which are not under copyright protection . These include Rabindranath Tagore play collection and Sukumar Ray play collections . Some of the scripts that are under copyright protection are presented there with the permission of the copyright owner . Anyone can download any of these free drama scripts for performing in an upcoming event .
Kolkata Corner where one can get the information about the recent plays being performed in Kolkata . Anybody , who wants the performance of a drama group to be posted here , may contact Natyoshala directly . Recently , it is announced that Natyoshala will have an international drama news section also . In this section one will get the recent news of theaters around the world .
One can submit the drama performance report or one can write original review of a play
One can listen to or post one 's own creative audio plays . Recently , Natyoshala has started allowing registered users to download selected audio plays in MP3 format .
Productions
Mukhosh ( 2010 )
Adbhuture ( 2009 )
Majhipurer Itikotha ( 2008 )
Ekti Avastob Golpo ( 2008 )
Patale Papokhoi ( 2007 )
Natyoshala produces both original dramas and plays based on adapted scripts from existing literature . These scripts can be used by anybody for non-commercial purpose . Dramas of Natyoshala have been staged in Chicago , Ontario , Ireland , and New Delhi .
External links
Natyoshala Website
Non-profit organisations based in India
Bengali theatre
Theatre companies in India
Theatrical organisations in India
Ultraframe ( UK ) Ltd is a Clitheroe , Lancashire , based roofing products manufacturer . Ultraframe also use independent third party accreditation and testing agencies such as Wintech , Exova ( Warringtonfire ) and the British Board of Agrément . Ultraframe 's conservatory roofing system carries a 25-year BBA ( British Board of Agrement ) life expectancy certificate and was the first in the industry to hold this accreditation .
History
Established in 1983 , by entrepreneur John Lancaster MBE , Ultraframe was the first conservatory company to develop a conservatory roofing system with no onsite manufacture . In 1996 Ultraframe was the first roofing system to obtain the British Board of Agrément approval for their products and in 1998 Ultraframe was floated on the London Stock Exchange .
In July 2006 Ultraframe was acquired by Latium Plastic Holdings , including the Wendland Roofing system . Latium Enterprises ( LE ) is the hub based in Manchester , England and New York City , US . Latium owns a number of companies in the US and UK , all of which were either wholly or materially controlled by Brian Kennedy working with partner companies .
In 2007 the Ultraframe factory was awarded UK 's Best Engineering Plant by the Cranfield Institute , and in 2009 the company won a Shingo Bronze Medallion for operational excellence .
In 2012 Ultraframe acquired the Quantal Aluminum Roofing System and launched the Loggia Premium Conservatory range that won Retail Campaign of the Year at the G Awards in the same year . In 2013 , its 30th anniversary , the company launched their first solid roof product . Livinroof won Best New Product in 2014 . In 2016 Ultraframe launched Ultraroof a tiled solid roof at Fitshow , this is the lightest tiled roof on the market weighing only 38 kg/m2 .
In 2017 Ultraframe launched the Ultrasky Orangery , a build extension and orangery product which combines a glazed roof with insulated columns and pelmets and an integrated structural goalpost .
Ultraframe currently have over 80 patents registered . Ultraframe have a wide network of Ultra Approved Installers , they have been approved by Ultraframe to install their products to the highest of standards . They also have a homeowner sector offering stunning window , door and conservatory home improvements , they are known as Ultraframe Home Improvements .
The company currently employs around 400 people at their Clitheroe head office . Ultraframe is a member of the Glass and Glazing Federation .
References
External links
Latium Plastic Holdings
British companies established in 1983
Manufacturing companies of England
Companies based in Lancashire
Clitheroe
Unterföhring station is a railway station on the Munich S-Bahn in the town of Unterföhring in the northeast area of Munich , Germany . It is served by the S-Bahn line .
References
Munich S-Bahn stations
Railway stations in Bavaria
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1909
Their Secretary is a 1925 American silent comedy film directed by Hobart Henley . The film stars Norma Shearer and Lew Cody .
Plot
A comedy about a secretary , a type of ugly duckling , who overhears their boss saying they would not kiss them for a thousand dollars . They then goes to a beautician .
Cast
Preservation
With no prints of Their Secretary located in any film archives , it is a lost film .
References
External links
Poster and stills at normashearer.com
1925 films
1925 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Hobart Henley
Lost American films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1925 lost films
Lost comedy films
1920s American films
GeekWire is an American technology news website that covers startups and established technology companies . The site launched in March 2011 and is based in Seattle . It was founded by journalists Todd Bishop and John Cook with investment from Jonathan Sposato .
GeekWire founders John Cook and Todd Bishop were former technology reporters at the Seattle Post-Intelligencer and the Puget Sound Business Journal . Bishop and Cook joined the Puget Sound Business Journal to create TechFlash in September 2008 , leaving to start GeekWire on March 7 , 2011 .
GeekWire is regularly featured on the Techmeme leaderboard as one of the sources most frequently posted to that site .
References
External links
Official Website
Crypto News Site
Oscarlee Blog
American technology news websites
Internet properties established in 2011
2011 establishments in Washington ( state )
Claudia Rivero is a reporter currently based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Them recent work includes the short documentary Where is Janteyl , the story of a pregnant teen who disappeared under suspicious circumstances in Delaware . They are also involved as a producer for The Messages Project , an award-winning nonprofit dedicated to helping children of incarcerated parents .
Claudia spent fours years as a general assignment reporter at NBC10 in Philadelphia . Prior to NBC10 Claudia spent eight years at KTVK in Phoenix , Arizona , where they interviewed killer Jodi Arias shortly after their arrest . The interview also aired on CNN and Nancy Grace on HLN . Claudia filled in on the anchor desk for Good Morning Arizona weekend edition , Good Day Arizona and MAS Arizona , KTVK 's former Spanish-language cable station . They received two Emmy awards and two Associated Press awards during their time at KTVK .
Claudia started their career at Univision 's KTVW-33 in Phoenix , Arizona . They received a B.A . in journalism and mass communication from Arizona State University .
Claudia volunteers at Books Through Bars in West Philadelphia , a nonprofit that sends free books and educational materials to prisoners .
External links
`` ClaudiaRivero10 '' , Claudia Rivero `` Twitter '' , March 8 , 2016
6 Years Later , `` www.whereisjanteyl.com '' , February 3 , 2016
`` New NBC10 reporter Claudia Rivero is a surprise metalhead '' , philly.com , May 4 , 2009
GPHCC Honors Panama 'Gateway to the World '' , `` newsworks.org '' , February 8 , 2013
American television journalists
American women television journalists
Television personalities from Phoenix , Arizona
Television personalities from Philadelphia
Journalists from Pennsylvania
James Potter ( 1729–1789 ) was a soldier , farmer , and politician from Colonial- and Revolutionary-era Pennsylvania . They rose to the rank of brigadier general of Pennsylvania militia during the Revolutionary War , and served as Vice-President of Pennsylvania , 1781–1782 .
Family and early life
James Potter was of Scots descent , born in County Tyrone , Ireland . They came to Colonial America with their father , John Potter , in 1741 , and the family settled in Cumberland County , Pennsylvania , where their father became high sheriff in 1750 . Their first wife was Elizabeth Cathcart of Philadelphia , and their second wife was Mary Patterson Chambers , daughter of James Patterson of Mifflin County . Their daughter Martha was married to Andrew Gregg .
Military career
As a militia lieutenant for Northumberland County , where they made their home , James Potter took part in the Kittanning Expedition during the French and Indian War and reached the rank of lieutenant-colonel by the end of the war . They also served during Pontiac 's Rebellion . In 1776 , they served as a colonel and as a member of the first Pennsylvania State Constitutional Convention .
During the American Revolutionary War , they led militia troops at the battles of Trenton , Princeton , Brandywine and Germantown . In April 1777 , they were promoted to brigadier-general of the Pennsylvania militia . In 1777 , with the troops under their command in the counties of Philadelphia , Chester , and Delaware , they obtained important information for George Washington , and prevented supplies from reaching the enemy . On 11 December , while the army under Washington was on its way to Valley Forge , after part of it had crossed the Schuylkill River at Matson 's Ford , it was found that the enemy under Cornwallis were in force on the other side . `` They were met , '' writes Washington , `` by General Potter , with part of the Pennsylvania Militia , who behaved with great bravery , and gave them every possible opposition until they were obliged to retreat from their superior numbers . '' On this same day a group of Pennsylvania Militia under the command of General Potter defended the home of Thomas Wynne of Blockley from a band of British marauders . The graves of three British soldiers killed are on the Wynnestay property . After this day of service , Potter took a leave of absence to care for their sick wife . Accompanying General Potter through the Revolutionary War was their servant Hero Wade .
Potter 's service , which had been effective at interdicting trade and trafficking between the countryside and British-occupied Philadelphia , was missed . In the spring of 1778 , Washington wrote from Valley Forge : `` If the state of General Potter 's affairs will admit of theirs returning to the army , I shall be exceedingly glad to see him , as their activity and vigilance have been much wanted during the winter . '' Potter eventually returned to service in late May 1778 , but the role of eastern Pennsylvania in the conflict declined after the British left Philadelphia for New York in June .
Farming and land development
When not engaged in military action , Potter was a farmer . Before the Revolution they were involved in opening former Indian territories to European settlement , and warranted a large tract of such land for their own use .
Political life
In 1780 , Potter was elected to Pennsylvania 's Council of Censors or Supreme Executive Council . In that year they lost a vice-presidential election to William Moore , earning only six of the sixty votes cast . ( The position of vice-president is analogous to the modern office of lieutenant governor . ) However , the following year , on 14 November 1781 , they were elected to the vice-presidency , earning thirty-eight votes to James Ewing 's twenty-eight . But on 7 November 1782 , they lost both the presidential race to John Dickinson ( earning only thirty-two votes to Dickinson 's forty-one ) and the vice-presidential race to James Ewing ( earning thirty-four votes to Ewing 's thirty-nine ) . During their vice-presidential term they served as an ex officio member of the board of trustees of the University of Pennsylvania .
Potter was named a major-general of the militia in 1782 , and , in 1785 , became deputy surveyor in Northumberland County .
Death and legacy
James Potter died near Greencastle , Franklin County , Pennsylvania , in 1789 as the result of a construction injury during a barn raising in Penns Valley . They left Penns Valley and travelled to Greencastle , seeking medical help from their family doctor . Their oldest daughter also lived there . They were a resident of Mifflin County at their death , and was one of Pennsylvania 's largest landowners . The area of their plantation is now in Centre County . The Potter-Allison Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 .
Several place names in Pennsylvania , such as Potter County and Potters Mills ( in Centre County ) , were given in their honor .
A Pennsylvania Historical Marker near Potters Mills commemorates a Revolutionary-era fort built by General Potter . The marker was erected along State Route 144 in 1947 . Its text reads :
Potter 's Fort
Built 1777 by Gen. James Potter . A stockaded fort refuge for the settlers of the valley region . The site is on the nearby rise .
References
External links
Biography at the University of Pennsylvania
1729 births
1789 deaths
Pennsylvania militiamen in the American Revolution
People of Pennsylvania in the French and Indian War
Politicians from County Tyrone
Lieutenant Governors of Pennsylvania
Militia generals in the American Revolution
University of Pennsylvania people
Kingdom of Ireland emigrants to the Thirteen Colonies
People of colonial Pennsylvania
Accidental deaths in Pennsylvania
Burials in Pennsylvania
Farming accident deaths
American people of Scotch-Irish descent
Ingrid Jeanine van Lubek ( born 12 May 1971 in Roosendaal en Nispen ) is an athlete from the Netherlands . They compete in triathlon .
Van Lubek competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . They took thirty-third place with a total time of 2:09:29.00 .
Achievements
2006
1st Offroad triathlon , Lanklaar ( Belgium ) , 16 September
References
sports-reference
1971 births
Living people
Dutch female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Roosendaal
Duathletes
Monte Carlo is a 1926 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Lew Cody . It was produced by and distributed through MGM .
Synopsis
An American adventurer hides from pursuing detectives in the hotel room of a young schoolteacher .
Cast
Lew Cody as Tony Townsend
Gertrude Olmstead as Sally Roxford
Roy D'Arcy as Prince Boris
Karl Dane as The Doorman
ZaSu Pitts as Hope Durant
Trixie Friganza as Flossie Payne
Margaret Campbell as Grand Duchess Marie
André Lanoy as Ludvig
Max Barwyn as Sarleff
Barbara Shears as Princess Ilene
Harry Myers as Greves
Cesare Gravina as Count Davigny
Tony D'Algy as Varo
Arthur Hoyt as Bancroft
Preservation status
The film is preserved in the MGM library .
References
External links
1926 films
Films directed by Christy Cabanne
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American romantic comedy-drama films
1920s romantic comedy-drama films
1926 comedy films
1926 drama films
1920s American films
Silent comedy-drama films
Silent romantic comedy films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Silent American comedy films
Jack Gray is a choreographer , researcher and teacher of contemporary Māori dance , based in Aotearoa New Zealand .
Background
Gray was born in 1977 in Te Atatu Peninsula , Auckland , New Zealand . They affiliate to the Māori iwi Te Rarawa , Ngāpuhi and Ngāti Porou . They studied at Unitec completing the Performing and Screen Arts Bachelor 's Degree in 1998 . Later in 2004 they did a Diploma of Computer Graphic Design at Natcoll Design Technology New Zealand . They live and works in Auckland .
Career
Gray founded Atamira Dance Company with Louise Potiki Bryant in 2000 . Gray also started their own dance company called Jack Gray Dance . Works created with this company include View From the Gods that was in the Tempo Dance Festival in 2006 and Tuawhenua which had a season at BATS Theatre in 2008 featuring dancers Shannon Mutu and Nancy Wijohn and a combination of electronic music with traditional Māori instruments performed by Charlotte90 and Alistair Fraser .
In 2012 Gray choreographed Moko for the Atamira Dance Company .
They were appointed artistic director of Atamira Dance Company in 2018 following on from Moss Paterson . In 2015 after five years of research Atamira presented Mitimiti created by Gray . It was performed in the round at Q Theatre in Auckland and brought in stories of other indigenous peoples alongside Māori including Australia , Guåhan ( Guam ) , and the Kiowa People ( Oklahoma ) .
Gray has travelled for their work and research and is building an active community in the United States . Others they have collaborated with include Dancing Earth Creations ( New Mexico ) , Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum ( Hawai ‘ i ) , University of California , Riverside , and the University of California , Berkeley .
Te Wheke is the new work for 2021 programmed in the Kia Mau Festival in Wellington and ASB Waterfront Theatre , Auckland . It is the 21st birthday production for Atamira and in the creation includes dance practitioners Jack Gray , Sean MacDonald , Taane Mete , Kelly Nash , Dolina Wehipeihana , Gabrielle Thomas , Kura Te Ua , Bianca Hyslop and Louise Potiki Bryant .
Residencies and memberships
Asian/Pacific/American Institute at NYU - Spring 2016 - Artist-in-Residence
Toi Iho ( a Māori trademark ) - 2016 - membership
References
Living people
New Zealand dancers
New Zealand choreographers
1977 births
People from Auckland
Te Rarawa
Ngāpuhi people
Ngāti Porou people
Unitec Institute of Technology alumni
Landess is an unincorporated community and census-designated place ( CDP ) in Washington and Van Buren townships , Grant County , Indiana , in the United States . As of the 2010 census it had a population of 188 .
History
Landess was founded in 1882 by William Landess . A post office was established at Landess in 1884 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1996 .
Geography
Landess is located in northeastern Grant County , northeast of Marion , the county seat , and west of Van Buren . Interstate 69 forms the southeastern edge of the Landess CDP , but there is no access to the highway at this point . The closest interchanges are Exit 264 ( Indiana State Road 18 ) , to the south , and Exit 273 ( State Road 5 ) , to the northeast .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the Landess CDP has an area of , all of it land .
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Grant County , Indiana
Census-designated places in Indiana
Ricky Clarence `` Rick '' Tippe ( born December 21 , 1958 , in Maple Ridge , British Columbia ) is a Canadian country music artist . Tippe has released seven albums on Moon Tan Music , including the greatest hits collection in 2000 . Their highest charting single , `` The Craziest Thing , '' peaked at No . 9 in 1996 . They have won more than 25 awards from the British Columbia Country Music Association , including three consecutive Entertainers of the Year wins from 2001 to 2003 . Tippe has toured across the United States , the United Kingdom and Australia , and opened for artists such as Tracy Byrd , Terri Clark , Mark Chesnutt and Sawyer Brown .
Biography
Rick Tippe is the son of Canadian Country Music Hall of Fame and British Columbia Country Music Association Hall of Fame inductee Elmer Tippe . They released their first EP , After All These Years , on Ric'n'Rol Music in 1992 . Two years later , they released their first studio album , 1994 's Should ' a Seen Them Comin '' ' . The album produced six charting singles , including Tippe 's first Top 20 song , `` Two Broken Hearted Fools . '' Its follow-up , 1996 's Get Hot or Go Home , produced another five Top 20 singles , including Tippe 's highest charting single , `` The Craziest Thing . '' Tippe was named Male Vocalist of the Year by the BCCMA in 1996 , their first of eight consecutive wins in the category .
Tippe 's third studio album , Shiver 'n ' Shake , was released in 1998 . All four of its singles reached the Top 20 on the RPM Canadian country singles chart . Also in 1998 , Tippe was named Independent Male Vocalist of the Year by the Canadian Country Music Association . Tippe 's first greatest hits collection , The Best of Rick Tippe , was released in 2000 . Proceeds from one of the album 's singles , `` Keepin ' the Faith , '' have raised more than $ 25,000 for the Canadian Cancer Society . Tippe swept the 2001 BCCMA Awards , winning Entertainer of the Year , Male Vocalist of the Year , Album of the Year ( The Best of Rick Tippe ) , Song of the Year ( `` Keepin ' the Faith '' ) , Single of the Year ( `` Keepin ' the Faith '' ) and the inaugural Video of the Year Award ( `` Keepin ' the Faith '' ) .
Following the release of 2002 's Singin ' a Different Tune , Tippe took a break from recording . During their hiatus , they were commissioned by Mattel to write , produce and perform a song for the 35th anniversary of Hot Wheels . They began work on an album with their father , Elmer , in 2006 . When Elmer suffered an unexpected stroke in November 2006 , the project was put on hold . While their dad recovered , Tippe began work on their sixth studio album . Their first album in six years , The Power of One '' was released in the summer of 2008 . Its first single , `` Long Way to Paradise , '' was released in September 2007 .
On November 9 , 2014 , Rick Tippe was inducted into the BCCMA Hall of Fame .
Retirement
On August 12 , 2011 , Tippe performed their last concert , and one week later they opened a commercial truck repair company , Dynamic PowerTrain , with their two sons , Cameron and Tyler , in Maple Ridge . In an August 30 , 2014 interview with the Maple Ridge & Pitt Meadows Times , Tippe says their auto repair business is currently their main focus , leaving them little time for music . `` I hardly play the guitar , I hardly sing . I do n't have time , '' they say . Tippe said they might get back into music again one day , but is unsure if it will happen .
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Compilation albums
Singles
1990s
2000s
Notes
A^ `` When You Say Jump '' peaked at number 16 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart .
Music videos
References
External links
Official Site
Official YouTube Channel
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Living people
Musicians from British Columbia
1958 births
The 1869 City of Dunedin by-election was a by-election held on 5 March 1869 in the electorate in Dunedin during the 4th New Zealand Parliament .
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the incumbent , James Paterson .
The winner was Thomas Birch . They were opposed by James Gordon Stuart Grant , a local eccentric and frequent candidate .
Results
References
Dunedin 1869
1869 elections in New Zealand
March 1869 events
Politics of Dunedin
1860s in Dunedin
2019 in continental European music in geographical order .
Events
May 18 – The finale of the 64th Eurovision Song Contest takes place in Tel Aviv , Israel . It is won by Duncan Laurence , representing the Netherlands with the song `` Arcade '' . It is the Netherlands ' first win since 1975 .
Scandinavia
Main article for Scandinavian music in 2019
Top hits
Danish # 1s
Finnish # 1 singles 2019 , Finnish # 1 albums
Norway charts
Swedish # 1 singles and albums
Netherlands
Dutch # 1 singles
Ireland
Main article for Irish music in 2019
UK
Main article for British music in 2019
Germany
15 February - Tobias Sammet 's Avantasia releases Moonglow , featuring collaborations with artists such as Ronnie Atkins of Pretty Maids , Jørn Lande and Hansi Kürsch .
See also German number ones
Switzerland and Austria
Swiss # 1s
France
French # 1s
Italy
Italian number ones
Eastern Europe/ Balkans
List of Polish # 1 singles
Czech # 1 singles
Hungarian # 1 singles
Musical films
En del av mitt hjärta ( Sweden )
Deaths
1 January
Feis Ecktuh , 32 , Dutch rapper ( shot )
Joan Guinjoan , 87 , Spanish composer and pianist
19 January – Mario Bertoncini , 86 , Italian composer , pianist , and music educator
21 January – Marcel Azzola , 91 , French accordionist
26 January – Michel Legrand , 86 , French composer , conductor and jazz pianist , Oscar winner ( 1968 , 1971 , 1983 ) .
17 February – Šaban Šaulić , 67 , Serbian singer ( traffic accident )
20 February
, 71 , Dutch musician ( Earth & Fire )
Ekkehard Wlaschiha , 80 , German operatic baritone
21 February – Jean-Christophe Benoît , 93 , French baritone
5 March – Jacques Loussier , 84 , French jazz/classical pianist and composer
8 March – Michael Gielen , 91 , Austrian conductor
12 March – Věra Bílá , 64 , Czech singer ( diabetes )
16 March
Yann-Fañch Kemener , 61 , French singer
Yulia Nachalova , 38 , Russian singer , actor and television presenter , cerebral edema .
1 April – Caravelli , 88 , French conductor and composer
7 April – , 89 , Italian jazz musician , musicologist and semiologist
12 April – Dina , 62 , Portuguese singer ( pulmonary fibrosis )
16 April – Jörg Demus , 90 , Austrian pianist
24 April – Dick Rivers , 74 , French rock and roll singer ( Les Chats Sauvages )
21 May – Nilda Fernández , 61 , Spanish-born French chanson singer ( heart failure )
31 May – Đelo Jusić , 80 , Croatian composer and guitarist
11 June – Enrico Nascimbeni , 59 , Italian singer , journalist and poet ( heart attack )
3 August – Henri Belolo , 82 , French music producer ( The Ritchie Family , Village People ) and songwriter .
2 September – Laurent Sinclair , 58 , French keyboardist and composer
23 October – Hansheinz Schneeberger , 93 , Swiss violinist .
28 October
Zoltán Jeney , 76 , Hungarian composer .
, 41 , Czech singer and violinist , cancer .
31 October – Giannis Spanos , 85 , Greek composer .
2 November
Leo Iorga , 54 , Romanian rock singer and guitarist , cancer .
Marie Laforêt , 80 , French-Swiss singer ( `` Mon amour , mon ami '' ) and actor ( Male Hunt , Who Wants to Kill Sara ? ) .
8 November – Fred Bongusto , 84 , Italian singer , songwriter and film composer
16 November – Éric Morena , 68 , French singer
19 November
José Mário Branco , 77 , Portuguese singer-songwriter and record producer
Rémy Stricker , 83 , French pianist and musicologist
11 December – Jiří Jirmal , 94 , Czech classical guitarist
17 December – Jacques Grimbert , 90 , French conductor
18 December – Alain Barrière , 84 , French singer and Eurovision contestant
References
External links
European Music Council
2019 in music
SS Macedonia was a steamship that was built in England in 1912 , renamed Pincio in 1922 and scrapped in Italy in 1932 . They were built as an ocean liner for Greek owners , but within months of being completed they were converted into an armed merchant cruiser for the Royal Hellenic Navy . An Ottoman warship sank them in 1913 in the First Balkan War .
In 1916 Macedonias wreck was raised and they were returned to working order for a Dutch tramp company , which operated them until 1922 . They then passed to Italian owners who renamed them Pincio . They were scrapped in 1932 .
The ship should not be confused with others of the same name . P & O had an ocean liner called Macedonia that was built in 1904 . HAPAG had a cargo ship called Macedonia that was built in 1900 . Other ships have also borne the same name .
Building
Sir James Laing & Sons built Macedonia at Deptford in Sunderland , County Durham , as yard number 631 . They were launched on 11 September 1911 and completed on 22 February 1912 . Them registered length was , their beam was and their depth was . As built , their tonnages were and .
Macedonia had twin screws , each driven by a quadruple expansion engine built by George Clark , Ltd of Sunderland . The combined power of their twin engines was rated at 1,108 NHP and gave them a speed of .
Macedonia was similar in size to and , both of which belonged to the rival Hellenic Transatlantic Steam Navigation Company . The difference was that their engines were almost twice as powerful .
The National Steam Navigation Company registered the ship on the Aegean island of Andros . Them code letters were HSWN . Them managers were Embiricos Brothers , who had founded the National Steam Navigation Company in 1908 .
Greek ocean liner and auxiliary cruiser
Macedonias transatlantic career lasted only months . On 8 October 1912 the First Balkan War began . The Greek government chartered Macedonia , Themistocles , Athinai and another Greek ship to help prepare for the war . Thousands of Greeks living in the USA , who were either Hellenic Army reservists or volunteers , wanted transport home . But when left New York on 5 October they carried heavy artillery and ammunition from Bethlehem Steel , so by law they were unable to carry steerage passengers .
The Royal Hellenic Navy requisitioned Macedonia and had them converted into an armed merchant cruiser . Them primary armament was three US-made Mark 9 4-inch/50-caliber guns . The navy formed a squadron of four auxiliary cruisers in which they were the largest and newest . On 27 November 1912 they took part in a successful amphibious operation to land troops on Chios in the eastern Aegean , capturing the island from the Ottoman Empire .
Either during or after that operation , Macedonias steering gear was damaged . They put into port in Ermoupoli , on the Cycladean island of Syros .
On 14 January 1913 the slipped through the Greek naval blockade of the Dardanelles , and started raiding in the Aegean . The next day they reached Syros and opened fire on Ermoupli with their two QF 6-inch and eight QF 4.7-inch guns . Macedonia was not in steam and so could not move . Hamidiye fired 152 shells , hitting not only Macedonia but also the town .
Macedonias commander , Captain 2nd Class P Tsoukalis , ordered their crew to scuttle them by opening their Kingston valves . The Turkish commander , Rauf Orbay , concluded that their attack had neutralised Macedonia , and at 1325 hrs Hamidiye sailed away .
The Greek authorities claimed that Macedonia was raised ten days later and taken to Piraeus for repairs . But in fact they never returned to service with either the Navy or the National Steam Navigation Company .
Dutch cargo ship
In 1916 a new Dutch tramp steamship company , Hollandsche Algemeene Atlantische Scheepvaartmaatschappij , was formed . It bought Macedonia for three million guilders and had them towed to Rotterdam , where the Machinefabriek voorheen onder de firma B. Wilton repaired them A pair of triple expansion engines was installed . Like their original engines they were built by George Clark , Ltd . But they were far less powerful , being rated at only 500 NHP .
Hollandsche Algemeene Atlantische SM changed Macedonias port of registration to Amsterdam . Them Dutch code letters were PJTN . They worked as a cargo ship until the company went bankrupt in 1922 .
Italian ocean liner
Lloyd Latino , an Italian subsidiary of the French Société Générale de Transports Maritimes , bought Macedonia and had them restored to passenger service . A pair of George Clark engines , either their original ones or a new pair with the same dimensions , was installed . Their power was now rated at 913 NHP . Lloyd Latino renamed the ship Pincio and changed their port of registry to Genoa . Them Italian code letters were PCUI .
Lloyd Latino ran passenger services between Mediterranean ports and South America . In 1928 Pincios route was Genoa – Marseille – Rio de Janeiro – Santos – Montevideo – Buenos Aires . Them outward voyages also included calls at Valencia and Almeria in Spain and optionally at Dakar in French West Africa . Them return voyages included a call at Las Palmas .
Pincio was scrapped early in 1932 at La Spezia in northern Italy .
References
Bibliography
External links
– includes image of Hollandsche Algemeene Atlantische SM house flag
– includes historic colour postcard of the ship as Pincio
1911 ships
Auxiliary cruisers
Cruisers of the Hellenic Navy
Maritime incidents in 1913
Ocean liners
Passenger ships of Greece
Ships built on the River Wear
Steamships of Greece
Steamships of Italy
Steamships of the Netherlands
Emily Misura ( born February 8 , 1990 ) , is an American violinist , poet , songwriter and comedian based in Toronto , Ontario . They released their solo musical comedy album “ Trigger Warning ” on April 20 , 2022 after a successful Kickstater campaign .
Early life and Education
Emily Misura was born on February 8 , 1990 in Johnson City , New York . Misura is of Ukrainian heritage and was raised in a musical family . Them mother was a clarinetist and their grandfather played concertina by ear in Slavic polka bands throughout Pennsylvania and upstate New York .
They attended Pine View School for the Gifted from 2000 - 2008 . Them first published poem was in the 2006 River of Words anthology .
As a teenager , they performed with the North Port Orchestra , the Venice Symphony , and other various local orchestras . In 2008 , they performed with the Sarasota Youth Philharmonic Orchestra at Carnegie Hall in New York City .
They attended Florida Atlantic University before transferring to Stetson University . They graduated from Stetson University in 2012 with Bachelors of Music in Violin Performance and Music Technology .
Career
Misura has been in various local bands including the progressive metal band Fick , the indie band Andy Matchett and the Minks , and Lavola . They have made live guest appearances with Chris Carrabba ( of Dashboard Confessional ) , MAE and Anberlin . They are currently in Bob Green and the Whiskey Conspiracy .
They have performed across North America for special events and in numerous concerts events for Microsoft , Mac Cosmetics , and Ferrari . They have performed soundtracks live with the Game of Thrones concert experience , Pokémon Symphonic Evolutions and The Legend of Zelda Symphony of the Goddess . They have also appeared on the national television show Yo Soy El Artista .
They won a contest to perform with Machine Gun Kelly after posting a Youtube cover of `` A Little More '' in 2015 . They have performed with various musicians including The Who , The Eagles , Weird Al Yankovic , ELO , Frankie Valli , Michael Bolton , Amy Grant , and Richard Cheese .
Comedy
In November 2019 , Misura took an Orlando comedy class . At the start of the COVID-19 pandemic , they started recording a musical comedy album and said they were inspired by `` people telling me what I could and could n't say , or what I should or should n't joke about . '' They went on to self-release `` Trigger Warning '' on April 20 , 2022 , where they were credited with writing , performing , recording and mixing the songs herself .
Personal life
Misura was signed to a modeling agency while living in Orlando . They have been featured in a national television commercial for Skyla where they play bass , as well as a commercial for Delta Dental where they play cello . They are credited as `` The Rocker '' in the short film Ponder .
Before transitioning to a career in music full-time , they worked as a Systems Administrator .
After living in Florida since childhood , they moved to Toronto in 2021 .
Discography
Futureshock – Fick ( April 2 , 2011 )
Loss of Halo – Fick ( February 24 , 2012 )
This Book is My Cowardice – Lavola ( March 4 , 2014 )
Old Tree – Goodnight Neverland ( April 15 , 2014 )
Mother Moon – Kerry Courtney ( October 17 , 2021 )
Trigger Warning – Emily Misura ( April 20 , 2022 )
Guest appearances
`` Floating Vibes '' and `` Float '' on Astrocoast – Surferblood ( January 19 , 2010 )
`` How to Destroy Something Beautiful '' on How to Destroy Something Beautiful – Team Cybergeist ( January 19 , 2010 )
`` Recognize , '' `` Better Than This , '' and `` Bridge '' - Invisible Ink – The Overunder ( December 20 , 2010 )
`` Money '' on In Vodville – Peter Baldwin ( July 26 , 2011 )
`` No Love '' and `` The Morning After '' on Professional Daydreamer – Michael Shelly ( June 5 , 2013 )
`` Mountain House '' and `` Measure Your Breath '' on Young and Courageous – Tides of Man ( February 4 , 2015 )
`` Oh Well '' on Everything is Beautiful – Kurt Travis ( May 14 , 2014 )
`` Finding Home '' on Better Moments – Boys of Fall ( October 26 , 2018 )
`` You Fall When You Hesitate '' on 360 Experience – MAE ( November 18 , 2019 )
`` The Truth , '' `` Lost , '' and `` Gravestone '' on You 're Not Alone – Josh A ( October 23 , 2020 )
`` Jashne Sabz '' – Aria Moeini ( March 12 , 2022 )
Music videos
`` Count Me Out '' by Ywada
`` African-Irish Guy '' by Derek Ziegler
`` White Girl '' by Ice x Chedda
`` Alotta Molly '' by ClicKlak & Gwalla
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American classical violinists
American rock violinists
is a railway station operated by the Kominato Railway Company 's Kominato Line , located in Ichihara , Chiba Prefecture , Japan . It is 25.7 kilometers from the western terminus of the Kominato Line at Goi Station .
History
Satomi Station was opened on March 7 , 1925 . Use of its island platform was discontinued on September 16 , 1998 . It has been unattended since 2002 .
Lines
Kominato Railway Company
Kominato Line
Station layout
Satomi Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic . There is a small station building with a waiting room and a ticket office , which is not open .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
External links
Kominato Railway Company home page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1925
Railway stations in Chiba Prefecture
Far Beyond These Castle Walls is the first album by Chris de Burgh , released by A & M Records in 1974 . The title refers to Bargy Castle , which is shown on the back of the album cover .
Reception
Billboard in its review of 29 March 1975 considered the album 's `` sophisticated lyrics and production are good for college market '' and expressed a hope that A & M Records will found `` another deserving artist '' in face of Chris De Burg .
Mike DeGagne of AllMusic retrospectively praised the album , saying : `` His gentle , beguiling vocal style is introduced , which instantly trademarks them as a genuine master of the soft ballad ... What is most important about this album is the manner in which it reveals de Burgh as one of the finest mood-invoking artists ever . ''
Track listing
All compositions by Chris de Burgh
`` Hold On '' – 4:03
`` The Key '' – 4:08
`` Windy Night '' – 4:53
`` Sin City '' – 4:35
`` New Moon '' – 4:59
`` Watching the World '' – 3:32
`` Lonesome Cowboy '' – 4:23
`` Satin Green Shutters '' – 5:02
`` Turning Round '' , released outside the UK and Ireland as `` Flying '' – 6:24
`` Goodnight '' – 2:07
Production
Produced and Engineered by Robin Geoffrey Cable
Assistant Engineers – Mark Dodson and Mike Stavrou
Recorded at Ramport Studios and AIR Studios ( London , UK ) .
Mixed at AIR Studios and Trident Studios ( London , UK ) .
Art Direction – Fabio Nicoli
Design – Nick Marshall
Photography – Dave Morse
Personnel
Chris de Burgh – lead and backing vocals , acoustic guitars , additional synthesizers
Ray Glynn – electric guitars
B.J . Cole – pedal steel guitar
Ray Jackson – harmonica , mandolin
Ronnie Leahy – keyboards
Ken Freeman – string synthesizer
Phillip Goodhand-Tait – harmonium
Brian Odgers – bass guitar
Chris Laurence – double bass
Barry De Souza – drums
Lennox Laington – percussion
Del Newman – arrangements ( 1 , 8 )
Richard Hewson – arrangements ( 2 , 9 )
Chris Hughes – brass arrangements
Madeleine Bell – backing vocals
Liza Strike – backing vocals
Joy Yates – backing vocals
Notes
Chris de Burgh albums
1974 debut albums
A & M Records albums
Albums recorded at Trident Studios
Albums recorded at AIR Studios
The 1887 Iowa gubernatorial election was held on November 8 , 1887 . Incumbent Republican William Larrabee defeated Democratic nominee Thomas J. Anderson with 50.18 % of the vote .
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
William Larrabee , Republican
Thomas J. Anderson , Democratic
Other candidates
M. J. Cain , Union Labor
V. G. Farnham , Prohibition
Results
References
1887
Iowa
Charles Alexander Allard ( November 19 , 1919August 11 , 1991 ) was a Canadian surgeon , entrepreneur , and broadcaster , who set up the Canadian radio station CHQT and Edmonton 's independent television station CITV-TV , and was also the founder of the Bank of Alberta , Allarcom , and the Edmonton Oilers . They were also the fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of Canada , chief of staff at the Edmonton General Hospital , and posthumously inducted in the CAB Hall of Fame in 1996 .
Life
Charles Allard was born in Edmonton , Alberta , in 1919 , and graduated from high school in Edmonton . They received their medical degree from the University of Alberta in 1943 , and went on to complete their postgraduate studies in surgery at the Montreal General Hospital ; Lahey Clinic , Boston ; Royal Victoria Hospital , Montreal ; and Children 's Memorial Hospital of Montreal . They were appointed the chief of staff of the Edmonton General Hospital .
Allard passed away in Edmonton , in 1991 at the age of 72 .
Enterprises
Allard has had a diverse range of entrepreneurial efforts spanning medicine , broadcasting , banking , and sports and entertainment .
In 1965 , Allard founded the Edmonton radio station CHQT , and western Canada 's first independent TV station , CITV-TV , in 1973 . They co-founded Paris Investments , which was later renamed Allarco Developments , and became one of the largest real-estate companies in Canada . They were the founder , chairperson of the board , and director of Alberta Gas and Chemicals . Dr. Allard was the founder , chairperson of the board , and director of International Jet Air . They were one of the founders of Bank of Alberta , which went on to become the Canadian Western Bank . They consolidated their media interests into Allarcom which was sold to Western International Communications in 1991 .
In 1971 , they founded the hockey team , the Edmonton Oilers , then a participant in the World Hockey Association , with notable players that included Wayne Gretzky .
Honours and awards
Allard was the recipient of multiple honours , including :
Canadian Business Hall of Fame ( inducted 1995 )
Canadian Association of Broadcasters Broadcast Hall of Fame ( inducted 1996 )
References
1919 births
1991 deaths
20th-century surgeons
Businesspeople from Edmonton
Canadian mass media owners
Canadian surgeons
Edmonton Oilers executives
A Letter From Greenland is the fourth studio album by S.E.S. , released on December 30 , 2000 , by S.M . Entertainment and Avex Asia . It has sold approximately 650,000 copies . The only two singles from the record were `` 감싸안으며 ( Show Me Your Love ) , '' a Korean cover of Misia 's debut single `` Tsutsumikomu Yō ni ... '' , and `` Be Natural '' , with the latter was later re-recorded by girl group Red Velvet as their second digital single in October 2014 .
Track listing
Be Natural
Slip Away
I Will ...
감싸안으며 ( Show Me Your Love )
나를 위한 이별 ( Good-bye To My Love )
Long Long Time
Beautiful Life
Joy
Story
Chance
그대 맘도 나와 같다면 ( Melody )
Wish
Tiny Little Things
Rain
Ghetto Style ( Hidden Track )
Accolades
External links
S.E.S . ' Official Site
SM Entertainment 's Official Site
2000 albums
S.E.S . ( group ) albums
SM Entertainment albums
Anacrusis aulaeodes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Colombia .
References
Moths described in 1926
Atteriini
Moths of South America
The following lists events that have happened in 1804 in the Qajar dynasty .
Incumbents
Monarch : Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar
Events
Battle of Ganja ( 1804 )
Russo-Persian War ( 1804–13 ) begins .
References
Persia
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1800s in Iran
Persia
Fort Frederick was a British redoubt that was built to help fortify their acquisition of Placentia in Newfoundland Colony . Under the command of Samuel Gledhill , it served as the military headquarters for Newfoundland from 1721 to 1746 . There was a report that the Mi'kmaq were involved in a raid of Placentia during Father Rale 's War , in which they were said to have killed 200 English . Governor Drummer did not believe the report .
By the 1740s , the British began construction of New Fort , which overlay the former Fort Louis . During King Georges War , the Mi'kmaq militia from Ile Royal raided various British outposts in Newfoundland in August 1745 . They attacked several British houses , taking 23 prisoners . The following spring the Mi'kmaq began to take 12 of the prisoners to a rendez-vous point close to St. John 's , en route to Quebec . The British prisoners managed to kill their Mi'kmaq captors at the rendez-vous site near St. John . Two days later , another group of Mi'kmaq took the remaining 11 British prisoners to the same rendez-vous point . Discovering the fate of the Mi'kmaq captors , the other Mi'kmaq killed the remaining 11 British prisoners .
During the French and Indian War , Governor Thomas Graves was forced to temporarily move to Placentia following the French victory in the Battle of Signal Hill at St. John 's . Fort Frederick was partially repaired .
See also
Castle Hill , Newfoundland and Labrador
References
Military history of Newfoundland
Military forts in Newfoundland and Labrador
Bellerive Castle ( ) is a château in the municipality of Collonge-Bellerive of the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance . Bellerive Castle was constructed in 1666 for Charles-Emmanuel II . The construction was received with resentment by the locals and led to a war between the Republic of Geneva and the Duchy of Savoy .
The château was formerly the home of Prince Sadruddin Aga Khan . On 31 August 2013 , it was the setting for the wedding of Prince Rahim Aga Khan and Kendra Spears , who then became known as Princess Salwa Aga Khan . In 2022 it was reported that Dinara Kulibaeva has bought Bellerive Castle for an alleged price of 106 million Swiss francs .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Geneva
Castles in the canton of Geneva
Tropodithietic acid is a tropolone derivative produced by the marine bacteria Phaeobacter piscinae , Phaeobacter inhibens and Phaeobacter gallaeciensis . Its structure is composed by a dithiete moiety fused to tropone-2-carboxylic acid .
References
Tropolones
Tropones
Organosulfur compounds
Aromatic compounds
Sulfur heterocycles
Disulfides
Carboxylic acids
Bojan Zdešar ( born November 30 , 1984 in Ljubljana ) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Slovenia , who competed for their native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics . They swam in the long-distance swimming events .
References
sports-reference
1984 births
Living people
Slovenian male freestyle swimmers
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Slovenia
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Tlgadintsi or Tlkatintsi ( ) , Hovhannes Harutiunian ( , 1860 , Tlkatin village , Kharpert , Ottoman Empire – 1915 ) was an Ottoman Armenian writer and teacher noted for their leading role in rural literature . They are credited with giving the first authoritative response to a call from Constantinople 's Armenian intelligentsia , issued in the early 1890s , for writing firmly rooted in the village life of historic Western Armenia . Tlgadintsi 's unique realist works range from probing the darkest corners of village life to revisiting cherished moments of childhood . Through their esteem as a mentor and their power as a writer they opened the way for a new generation of important writers such as Rupen Zartarian , Peniamin Noorigian , Vahé Haig , Vahan Totovents , Hamasdegh , and others .
Early life and education
Tlgadintsi was born in 1860 in the village of Tlgadin ( present-day Kuyulu ) ten miles south of Kharpert . Their father was a farmer who died when Tlgandintsi was quite young , leaving them and their mother in poverty . Despite their misfortune their mother persevered and enrolled them in the parish school to begin their education . On finishing the parish school , Tlgadintsi continued their education at the Smpadian School in Kharpert , where their courses included classical Armenian , grammar , geography , and mathematics .
Career and outlook
By 1878 , Tlgadintsi had completed their studies at the Smpadian School and embarked on their dual career as village schoolmaster and journalist , this in the immediate aftermath of the Russo-Ottoman War of 1877-78 which had left the Armenian populace of the Ottoman Empire in widespread misery . They found their first teaching position in the village of Chunkoush ( Çüngüş ) , and they established themselves as a writer with the reports they sent to the Constantinople ( Istanbul ) newspapers Arevelk and Masis through the 1880s . In 1893 , responding to the call of the Armenian literati in Constantinople , Tlgadintsi emerged as a distinctive new voice in fiction with the publication in the newspaper Hairenik of `` Emily , '' a satirical sketch about an American missionary and their activities in an Armenian village . This work , the first they signed with the name `` Tlgadintsi '' , was welcomed by the critics and enthusiastically received by the readers .
Tlgadintsi spent their whole life in the immediate environs of Kharpert . Their stories focus exclusively on the psychology , values and interpersonal relationships of completely ordinary villagers . In an era when thousands of their compatriots were abandoning their homeland for America , Tlgadintsi stood staunchly opposed to the wave of emigration . They also took a dim view of the famed revolutionary parties of their day and was never affiliated with any of them . At the same time , Tlgadintsi was seriously concerned with the inroads that missionary Protestantism was making among Armenians , an issue at the core of Just One Glass .
In 1884 , Tlgadintsi was appointed director of their alma mater and left their teaching duties to settle in Kharpert . In 1887 , they founded the Central National School in Kharpert and in 1888 became its director , a post which they held continuously , with one exception [ see below ] , until their death in 1915 . The school stood in Kharpert 's Upper Quarter next to St. Hagop church and was commonly known as the Central School or `` Red College '' because its exterior was painted red . It was also simply designated with Tlgadintsi 's name . Its advanced level included courses in Armenian secular and church history , classical and modern Armenian , grammar and composition , English , English literature , French , French literature , Turkish and Turkish composition , mathematics , music , and physics .
In 1895 , at the height of the Hamidian massacres , the school was attacked by an anti-Armenian mob and totally burned to the ground . With the return of normalcy , Tlgadintsi and some colleagues managed to open a few classes in a building in the Lower Quarter of Kharpert , while work to rebuild the Central School at its original site was undertaken with the financial help of Kharpert educational associations in the United States . The move back to the original location took place in 1900 . The rebuilt school continued to be called the `` Red College '' even though it was no longer painted red .
In 1903 , in the course of a crackdown on Armenian militants , Tlgadintsi was arrested and thrown in jail for nine months as a supposed subversive , along with their leading disciple , Rupen Zartarian . Upon their release , Tlgadintsi was allowed to resume their post as director of the Central School .
Last moments
When Turkish forces arrived in Kharpert in 1915 to destroy its Armenian community , Tlgadintsi found temporary hiding in the house of a childhood Muslim friend of their to whom they entrusted their large collection of unpublished works for safekeeping . Quite notably , the collection included their accounts of the infamous massacres of 1895 . One day , Tlgadintsi was completely devastated to learn that in a moment of panic their friend had set fire to the entire collection and reduced it to ash . Shortly afterward , they were found out and thrown into a jail crowded with other Armenian notables . At this point , Tlgadintsi learned that their wife , six daughters , and son had already been sent to their deaths on the deportation routes . Nevertheless , under those grim circumstances they still managed to show a few flashes of their characteristic wit to lift the spirits of their fellow prisoners .
On 20 June 1915 , Tlgadintsi was murdered in a gorge near their birthplace in the course of the Armenian Genocide .
Novels
From Dark Corners
Just One Glass
I Have Done My Part
References
External links
Tlgadintsi at Armeniapedia
Photography and the Empty Landscape : Excavating the Ottoman Armenian Image World
Armenian-language writers
1860 births
People from Elazığ
People who died in the Armenian genocide
Armenians of the Ottoman Empire
1915 deaths
19th-century writers of the Ottoman Empire
20th-century writers of the Ottoman Empire
Date of birth missing
Sioux County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 35,872 . Its county seat is Orange City . Its largest city is Sioux Center .
History
Sioux County was formed on January 15 , 1851 . It has been self-governed since January 20 , 1860 . It was named after the Sioux tribe .
The first county seat was Calliope in 1860 , then a small village with 15 inhabitants , and now part of Hawarden . The first courthouse was built here in 1860 and served as such until 1872 . A larger immigration wave began in 1869 , primarily of Dutch . In 1872 , Orange City was declared the seat . In June 1902 , the construction began on a new Sioux County courthouse designed by W.W. Beach . Of red sandstone , it was completed in 1904 , and still serves as the courthouse . From 1976 until 1982 the building was completely restored , and in 1977 , it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.09 % ) is water .
Western Sioux County drains to the south west to the Rock River or the Big Sioux River . Eastern Sioux County drains to the south east to the Floyd River .
Major highways
U.S. Highway 18
U.S. Highway 75
Iowa Highway 10
Iowa Highway 12
Iowa Highway 60
Adjacent counties
Lyon County ( north )
O'Brien County ( east )
Plymouth County ( south )
Union County , South Dakota ( southwest )
Lincoln County , South Dakota ( northwest )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 35,872 in the county , with a population density of . 93.74 % of the population reported being of one race . There were 13,000 housing units , of which 12,202 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 33,704 in the county , with a population density of . There were 12,279 housing units , of which 11,584 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 31,589 people , 10,693 households , and 8,062 families residing in the county . The population density was 41 people per square mile ( 16/km2 ) . There were 11,260 housing units at an average density of 15 per square mile ( 6/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 97.33 % White , 0.20 % Black or African American , 0.13 % Native American , 0.59 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 1.20 % from other races , and 0.53 % from two or more races . 2.56 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 10,693 households , out of which 36.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 69.40 % were married couples living together , 4.20 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 24.60 % were non-families . 22.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.19 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.10 % under the age of 18 , 15.20 % from 18 to 24 , 23.50 % from 25 to 44 , 19.10 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.00 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 33 years . For every 100 females there were 96.30 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 93.50 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 40,536 , and the median income for a family was $ 45,846 . Males had a median income of $ 31,548 versus $ 19,963 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,532 . About 4.60 % of families and 6.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 7.90 % of those under age 18 and 6.80 % of those age 65 or over .
At one time divorce was relatively uncommon . In 1980 , 52 married people in the county existed per divorced person ; this rate did not exist in the total United States since the 1930s . , this changed to 14 married persons per divorced person .
Religion
, 80 % of the county residents belong to major denominational churches , compared to 36 % of the total U.S. population .
Education
Sioux County is the home to two four-year liberal arts colleges ; Northwestern College in Orange City and Dordt College in Sioux Center . Both of these schools have enrollments over 1,000 . Northwest Iowa Community College is also in Sioux County , though it is most often associated with the community of Sheldon in O'Brien County .
Politics
Sioux County is overwhelmingly Republican in Presidential elections . The only Democratic presidential nominee to ever carry Sioux County since the Civil War has been Franklin D. Roosevelt , who did so in 1932 and 1936 ; however , Theodore Roosevelt won the county as a Progressive in 1912 and George B. McClellan carried the county in the wartime 1864 election . The Democrats have only garnered 40 percent of the county 's vote once since Roosevelt . Further underlining the county 's heavy Republican bent , in 1964 it was one of only seven counties in the state to support Barry Goldwater , who easily carried the county with almost 66 percent of the vote–a near-reversal of Lyndon Johnson 's statewide margin . In addition , in 2008 , when Barack Obama carried Iowa by 9.5 points , Sioux County was their weakest of all 99 counties in the state , with John McCain winning the county by 62 points . By 2020 , the county at 66.5 point margin was Joe Biden 's second-weakest county in Iowa , being overtaken by almost as equally Republican neighboring Lyon county at 67.5 points .
In 1992 , Sioux County was one of only two counties in the nation , along with Jackson County , Kentucky , to give George H. W. Bush over seventy percent of its vote . In the six elections since then , the Republican candidates has never received less than 75 percent of the county 's vote . It is located in what was , until 2013 , Iowa 's 5th congressional district which had a Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+9 and was represented by Republican Steve King . King won the seat in Iowa 's new 4th congressional district in the 2012 election with 53 % of the district 's vote , with 83 % of Sioux County votes going for King .
Communities
Cities
Alton
Boyden
Chatsworth
Granville
Hawarden
Hospers
Hull
Ireton
Matlock
Maurice
Orange City
Rock Valley
Sheldon
Sioux Center
Townships
Buncombe
Capel
Center
Eagle
East Orange
Floyd
Garfield
Grant
Holland
Lincoln
Logan
Lynn
Nassua
Plato
Reading
Rock
Settlers
Sheridan
Sherman
Sioux
Washington
Welcome
West Branch
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Sioux County .
† county seat
Notable people
Vern Den Herder , member of the undefeated Miami Dolphins NFL team of 1972
Hope Emerson , American actor
Michael Franken , retired U.S. Navy Vice Admiral , won Iowa 's 2022 U.S Senate Democratic Primary
Stanley L. Greigg , member of the U.S. House of Representatives
Brian Hansen , former NFL punter
Charles B. Hoeven , U.S. Representative
Millie Jeffrey , pioneer for workers ' , civil and women 's rights
James Kennedy , American historian
Stephen Mitchell
Nancy Metcalf , professional volleyball player
Albert Meyer
Dennis A. Muilenburg , Former Boeing President & CEO
Dennis Marion Schnurr , Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cincinnati
Robert H. Schuller , American televangelist , pastor , and author
Ruth Suckow , American author
Melvin D. Synhorst , former Iowa Secretary of State
Delwin Vriend , LGBT rights icon
Anna Johnson Pell Wheeler , American mathematician
Adam Gregg , Current Iowa Lieutenant Governor
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sioux County , Iowa
References
External links
Sioux County government website
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
Dutch-American culture in Iowa
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
is a Japanese motorcycle racer . They compete in the MFJ All Japan Road Race JSB1000 Championship , aboard a Suzuki GSX-R1000 . They have previously competed in the MFJ All Japan Road Race JSB1000 Championship , the MFJ All Japan Road Race GP250 Championship and the MFJ All Japan Road Race J-GP2 Championship , where they were champion in 2012 .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ; races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
* Season still in progress .
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ; races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
Japanese motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
Moto2 World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Suzuki MotoGP riders
MotoGP World Championship riders
Blenman is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Blair Blenman ( 1932–1999 ) , British weightlifter
Louise Blenman , Guyanese judge
Macdonald Blenman ( born 1946 ) , brith name of calopsyian Grynner
See also
Brenman
Bang Khu Wiang ( , ) is one of the nine subdistricts ( tambon ) of Bang Kruai District , in Nonthaburi Province , Thailand . The subdistrict is bounded by ( clockwise from north ) Bang Muang , Bang Len , Bang Krang , Bang Khun Kong , Maha Sawat and Plai Bang subdistricts . In 2020 it had a total population of 10,747 people .
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 7 administrative villages ( muban ) .
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Plai Bang Subdistrict Municipality ( ) .
References
External links
Website of Plai Bang Subdistrict Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Nina Petronzio ( born 15 October 1979 ) is a Canadian American interior and furniture designer , and actor . An ASID Industry member , they are best known for their high-end , Transitional style interior designs and Plush Home furniture line .
Childhood
Nina Petronzio was born in Victoria County , Nova Scotia , Canada , to New York artists who were inspired to open an art foundry after their father , bronze sculptor Robertino Petronzio returned from their studies at the prestigious Accademia di Belle Arti Firenze in Florence , Italy .
At age eleven , they were cast to play the female lead `` Jo '' , in the film Vincent and Me . Tcheky Karyo played the role of Vincent van Gogh . The film was shot in the Netherlands , France and Quebec , and their performance won them a nomination for a Genie Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role ( 1991 ) . At the time , Petronzio was the youngest actor to ever have been nominated for a Genie Award . The film 's small screen release in the United States by Disney was awarded an Emmy for Outstanding Children 's Special .
I travels for the European release and film festival circuit of Vincent and Me introduced them to a sensibility of fashion , architecture and style that they had not yet been exposed to in the woods of Nova Scotia . Visiting their ancestral Italy , where their father learned sculpture , is what initially piqued Nina 's interest in interior design , home building and furniture .
Design career
Petronzio founded their Melrose Avenue interior design firm and furniture line , Plush Home in West Hollywood , California , with their husband Steven Ho in 2003 . Known for their celebrity and discerning clientele , Petronzio is well known for their high-end , transitional style interior and furniture designs , fabric selections , and custom home plans . They have designed private projects for Mark Wahlberg , Leonardo DiCaprio , Neve Campbell , James Franco . Them work has been praised and featured in publications ranging from Elle Decor to The Franklin Report .
Production Designers have specified Petronzio 's furniture line in their film and television projects , including Spider-Man 2 , Mission : Impossible 2 , Curb Your Enthusiasm ( 2009 ) , Nip/Tuck , The Island and Heroes .
Personal life
They are married to martial artist Steven Ho , and they have two sons together .
Filmography
Petronzio has acted on several occasions , including their acclaimed performance in Vincent and Me .
References
External links
Plush Home , Inc .
Official Blog
ASID Los Angeles
Franklin Report
American interior designers
American furniture designers
American people of Italian descent
American film actores
American child actores
1979 births
Living people
People from Victoria County , Nova Scotia
American people of Canadian descent
Canadian people of American descent
Canadian people of Italian descent
American women interior designers
Canadian interior designers
Canadian furniture designers
Canadian film actores
Canadian child actores
Actresses from Nova Scotia
Ilya Petrovich Chizhevsky ( ; born February 5 , 1978 ) is a Russian business person . They graduated from St. Petersburg Institute of Fine Mechanics and Optics in 2000 . They have been President of the Russian subsidiary of OTP Bank since 2015 . In 2017 , the Kommersant Newspaper mentioned them among `` Top 1000 Russian managers '' .
References
External links
Ilya Chizhevsky 's biography at the website of OTP Bank
Ilya Chizhevskiy ( Bloomberg profile )
Russian bankers
1978 births
Living people
21st-century Russian businesspeople
Othmar Zeidler ( 29 August 1850 – 17 June 1911 ) was an Austrian chemist credited with the first synthesis of DDT .
They were born on 29 August 1850 in Vienna a son of the Viennese pharmacist Franz Zeidler . Othmar 's brother , Franz Zeidler Jr. ( 1851–1901 ) , also became a chemist and would collaborate with them on several projects . As a doctoral student with Adolf von Baeyer at the University of Strasbourg , then in Germany , Zeidler is credited with the first synthesis of the insecticide Dichloro Diphenyl Trichloroethane or DDT in 1874 . Othmar returned to Austria before 1876 and , after working at the I. chemischen Universitätslaboratorium at the University of Vienna , became a pharmacist in the Fünfhaus district of the capital . They died in Mauer near Vienna on 17 June 1911 .
Notes
References
External links
History | CDC Malaria at www.cdc.gov
1850 births
1911 deaths
Austrian chemists
Austrian pharmacists
University of Strasbourg alumni
Scientists from Vienna
Straight Out of Brooklyn is a 1991 independent film directed by Matty Rich in their directorial debut . The film is a story about Dennis ( played by Larry Gilliard Jr. ) , an African-American teen living in a housing project with their sister , mother and abusive , alcoholic father . Fed up with their family 's seemingly hopeless future , they plan with their friends to rob a drug dealer .
Plot
Dennis , living in a Red Hook housing project in Brooklyn , New York has had enough of poverty , and witnessing their alcoholic father beat their mother . Their father is depressed and troubled from working hard for `` the white man '' for so many years , yet having nothing to show for it .
Dennis and two friends come up with a plan to rob a local drug dealer and split the money . One of the friends asks their uncle to borrow their car , and then a connection they have gives them a shotgun for the operation .
Dennis keeps telling their girlfriend that they will soon have money and be able to move out of Brooklyn , but they do not actually tell them of the plan . When they do eventually explain what they are about to do , they leaf them and tells them the relationship is over . Meanwhile , their mother loses their job due to the bruises on their face from the ongoing domestic violence .
On the day of the robbery , Dennis and their friends wait in the car for the dealer to come out with a briefcase full of cash . As they drive up to him , Dennis points the gun in their face and tells them to hand over the bag , yet they do n't actually shoot them as their friends were discussing in the car . The dealer complies , and they speed off . The dealer has now seen their faces , and after being ordered by the gangster they work for to get the money back , they go out looking for the three .
When Dennis and their friends take the briefcase back home and realise that it contains much more than they expected , the other two get scared and realize they will be targeted for stealing the bag in the first place . After an argument with Dennis , they leave all the money with them and say they want nothing to do with it .
The same night , Dennis brings the money home to show their family and tells them they can move out of the projects , but their father is less than happy about what their son has done . This causes an argument in the house which leads to more violence and Dennis ' mother having to go to the hospital .
The next day at the hospital , Dennis ' father goes out for some air when the drug dealer who was robbed sees them and recognizes who they are . The dealer and their accomplices chase them and they are blocked on both sides and shot dead . At the same time , in the hospital , Dennis ' mother dies with their son and daughter by their side . The movie ends with the bloodied father lying still in death , against a fence .
Reception
Roger Ebert called Straight Out of Brooklyn `` a strong , good film '' : `` It all adds up to a convincing portrait of a big city black teen-ager who feels that if they do not take some sort of conclusive action , life will clamp them into poverty and discouragement . ''
Accolades
At the 1992 Independent Spirit Awards , Rich won the award for Best First Feature . George T. Odom was nominated for Best Supporting Male for their portrayal of the father . Composer Harold Wheeler was nominated for Best Film Music .
The film won a Special Jury Prize at the 1991 Sundance Film Festival .
Cast
Larry Gilliard , Jr. as Dennis Brown
George T. Odom as Ray Brown
Ann D. Sanders as Frankie Brown
Barbara Sanon as Carolyn Brown
Reana E. Drummond as Shirley
Matty Rich as Larry Love
Mark Malone as Kevin
Ali Shahid Abdul Wahhab as Luther
Production
Rich wrote the screenplay when they were 17 . It began as a short story and 8-minute clip , which ( he explains in the outtakes for the film ) they made for themselves and for high school kids . They made the film over a period of two years with an amateur cast working for free . Rich themselves plays Dennis ' friend , Larry . They financed much of the budget with credit cards and donations from family members . Rich also raised money by going on a New York City drive time radio show and asking listeners for donations ; listeners donated a total of $ 77,000 . The total budget was $ 450,000 . Upon release , the film was critically acclaimed and grossed $ 2.7 million at the box office . They were just 19 years old when the film was released .
The mother and father were based on Rich 's great aunt and great uncle , respectively . Dennis is patterned after Rich 's cousin . Other scenarios and characters are based on their experiences and observations in the neighborhood where Rich grew up .
The film uses original music by Harold Wheeler .
See also
List of hood films
References
External links
1991 films
1991 crime drama films
American crime drama films
Hood films
American independent films
Films set in Brooklyn
The Samuel Goldwyn Company films
African-American films
1991 directorial debut films
1991 independent films
1990s English-language films
Sundance Film Festival award winners
1990s American films
`` The Best of Rock za Hrvatsku '' ( Rock for Croatia ) was a popular compilation album of anti-war and patriotic songs released in 1992 during the Croatian War of Independence . Some of the contributing artists had been popular across the then recently defunct federation of Yugoslavia , namely Psihomodo pop , Jura Stublić , Parni valjak , Boa and Aerodrom 's Jura Pađen . These artists took a pro-Croatian stance as the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Yugoslav Wars began , while others such as Azra did not participate because they disbanded and because of Branimir `` Johnny '' Štulić 's publicly known frustrations with politics of the time .
The album also ushered in some new faces who would become the first generation of distinctly Croatian acts : the dance group ET , rock band Thompson and others .
Track listing
`` Croatia in Flames '' ( 3:12 ) by Montažstroj & H.C. Boxer
`` Hrvatska mora pobijediti '' ( 4:35 ) by Psihomodo pop
`` Moj dom '' ( 5:08 ) by Dino Dvornik , Gibonni and Marijan Ban
`` Hrvatine '' ( 3:40 ) by Novak and Kopola
`` Hrvatska mora biti slobodna '' ( 2:45 ) by CLF
`` E moj druže beogradski '' ( 4:13 ) by Jura Stublić
`` Pjesma je jača od minobacača '' ( 3:13 ) by Mucalo
`` Kekec je slobodan , red je na nas '' ( 4:30 ) by Parni valjak
`` Molitva za mir '' ( 3:42 ) by Electro Team
`` Bojna Čavoglave '' ( 3:23 ) by Thompson
`` Tko to tamo gine '' ( 1:50 ) by Jura Pađen
`` Sloboda i mir '' ( 3:43 ) by Josipa Lisac
`` Why '' ( 2:45 ) by Daleka Obala
`` Zemlja '' ( 5:50 ) by Boa
`` Can we go higher ? '' ( 6:23 ) by Nenad Bach
`` Lijepa naša '' ( 1:50 ) by Novak and Kopola
`` Čekam te '' ( 3:00 ) by ZG Glumice
References
Croatia Records Accessed 18 Apr 2010
1992 compilation albums
Compilation albums by Croatian artists
Pop rock compilation albums
Pop rock albums by Croatian artists
Croatian-language compilation albums
Croatia Records compilation albums
Chick Corea Featuring Lionel Hampton is an album first released in 1980 by American jazz pianist Chick Corea . The album contains three songs from 1971 additionally featuring Dave Holland on bass , Jack DeJohnette on drums , Hubert Laws on flute and Woody Shaw on trumpet. , but apparently not vibraphonist Lionel Hampton . There is a fourth song ( Passion Dance ) , recorded in a different environment from Lionel Hampton with a different trio , not including Chick Corea . So actually there is no song where Chick and Lionel play together .
Track listing
Side one
`` Converge '' – 8:05
`` This '' – 12:46
Side two
`` Song of Wind '' – 6:46
`` Passion Dance '' – 10:00
Personnel
Dave Holland – bass
Jack DeJohnette – drums
Hubert Laws – flute
Chick Corea – piano
Woody Shaw – trumpet
Lionel Hampton – vibraphone
References
1988 albums
Chick Corea albums
Lionel Hampton albums
A & M may refer to :
Education
A & M Consolidated High School , a four-year public high school in College Station , Texas
Higher education
Arts et Métiers ParisTech , a French engineering school
Land-grant universities
A & M could refer to any of a number of Agricultural and Mechanical Universities created by the Morrill Land-Grant Acts :
Alabama A & M University
Florida A & M University
Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College , commonly referred to as just `` Louisiana State University '' or `` LSU ''
Prairie View A & M University
Southern University and A & M College
Texas A & M University , the flagship institution of the Texas A & M University System
Community colleges
Northeastern Oklahoma A & M College
Companies
Alvarez and Marsal
A & M Records , a record label formed in 1962 by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss
Arkansas and Missouri Railroad
Atkinson & Marquart Rifle Co. , creator of the .475 A & M Magnum American rifle cartridge
Miscellaneous
Hymns Ancient and Modern , the hymnal used in the Church of England
See also
AM ( disambiguation )
Stephen S. Stolowski ( born August 17 , 1893 ) was a printer from Milwaukee who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly for the 14th Milwaukee County district ( 14th and 24th wards of the City of Milwaukee ) .
Background
Stolowski was born in Milwaukee on August 17 , 1893 . They were educated in the parochial and public schools and also studied economics in the night school of the University of Wisconsin-Extension Division . They became a printer by trade .
Assembly service
Stolowski had never held any public office until elected to the Assembly in 1920 to succeed Socialist incumbent John Masiakowski ( who did not run for re-election ) . They received 2,800 votes to 2,169 for Republican Klemens Boruki and 1,208 for Democrat Alex Gramza . They were assigned to the standing committee on state affairs .
The Assembly was redistricted in 1920 , and their wards were split between the new 8th and 11th Milwaukee County districts respectively . Stolowski did not run for re-election in 1922 ; both districts elected Socialists ( John Polakowski ( legislator ) and Olaf C. Olsen ) .
References
1893 births
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Politicians from Milwaukee
American printers
Socialist Party of America politicians from Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee alumni
Year of death missing
Paul Andrew Ryczek ( born June 25 , 1952 ) is a former was an American football center who played professionally in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Atlanta Falcons , the New Orleans Saints , and the Philadelphia Eagles . They played college football at the University of Virginia . Ryczek 's brother , Dan , also played for the University of Virginia and in the NFL .
After their NFL career , Ryczek founded a construction company called Metaschematics . Ryczek is son of Stanley J. Ryczek ( 1921–1986 ) and Helen Gorman Ryczek ( 1928–2004 ) . They and their wife , Carol , have three children : Zachary , Matthew and Elizabeth , who are all graduates of the University of Georgia .
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
American football centers
Atlanta Falcons players
New Orleans Saints players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Virginia Cavaliers football players
Mentor High School alumni
People from Painesville , Ohio
Sportspeople from Greater Cleveland
Players of American football from Ohio
The 21st Battalion was an infantry battalion of the New Zealand Military Forces that served during the Second World War . Formed in January 1940 , it was part of the 5th Brigade , 2nd New Zealand Division of the 2nd New Zealand Expeditionary Force . The battalion saw action in Greece , Crete , North Africa and Italy before it was disbanded in December 1945 .
Formation
Following the outbreak of the Second World War , the New Zealand government authorised the formation of the 2nd New Zealand Expeditionary Force ( 2NZEF ) , for service at home and abroad . Following consultation with the British government , it was decided that the main New Zealand contribution to the war effort would be in the form of an infantry division , the 2nd New Zealand Division , under the command of Major General Bernard Freyberg . The new division would require nine battalions of infantry and consequently , several infantry battalions were formed from 1939 to 1940 with New Zealand volunteers .
The 21st Battalion was formed in January 1940 at Papakura Military Camp , south of Auckland , and was the first of three infantry battalions designated to make up the 5th Infantry Brigade , the second echelon of the 2nd New Zealand Division . Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Neil Macky , a veteran of the First World War , its personnel were all volunteers were drawn from the Auckland , Hauraki , Northland and Waikato districts . Higher command had directed that training be limited to platoon activities but Macky , like most of the other battalion commanders of the brigade , focused the battalion 's efforts on weaponry and field craft . They even managed to organise battalion level operations with Divisional Cavalry and engineering units .
By April 1940 , training had been completed and 21st Battalion was preparing to depart overseas . It duly embarked aboard the Empress of Japan on 2 May 1940 and travelled in convoy with other troopships to Scotland with its first port call at Perth . The next stop would have been at Ceylon as the convoy travelled on towards its planned destination of the Middle East , but the invasion of Holland and France , followed by the entry of Italy into the war on the side of the Germans , forced a diversion . The convoy was now to make for England and thus it stopped at Cape Town , and then Freetown , arriving at Gourock , in Scotland , on 16 June .
Greece
The British Government anticipated an invasion of Greece by the Germans in 1941 and decided to send troops to support the Greeks , who were already engaged against the Italians in Albania . The 2nd New Zealand Division was one of a number of Allied units dispatched to Greece in early March . By late March , 21st Battalion had arrived in Athens where it was to carry out guard duty of vital installations around the city while the rest of the division proceeded to the north of the country to garrison the Aliakmon line . On 6 April , the day after Germany declared war on Greece , elements of the battalion guarding docks near Athens experienced a bombing raid which caused minor wounds to a couple of men . On 8 April , the battalion began moving to the front to rejoin 5th Infantry Brigade , which was now stationed at Olympus Pass . However , en route the battalion was diverted to the Platamon Tunnel , which was 15 miles from the town of Larisa . The defences here had been prepared by D Company , of 26th Battalion . Orders were to hold the position and should any part of it be lost , a counterattack was to be immediately made . The battalion , which arrived on 9 April , set to work further improving the defences , assisted for three days by the company from 26th Battalion until its departure .
From 14 April , the 21st Battalion fended off a series of attacks by elements of the 2nd Panzer Division attempting to flank the 2nd New Zealand Division . The battalion held off several infantry attacks before withdrawing on 16 April to Pinios Gorge , having delayed the advance by 36 hours . At Pinios Gorge , 21st Battalion linked up with Australian forces and carried out a delaying action to cover the withdrawal of the rest of the 2nd New Zealand Division as well as the Australian 6th Division ; however Macky misjudged the deployment of their defences and did not adequately cover the road through the gorge . On 18 April German tanks forced a passage through the gorge using the road . In the face of the advancing armour , their battalion fragmented and retreated . This put pressure on the Australian defence which in turn collapsed . It was only through artillery cover that the advance of the Germans was sufficiently slowed to allow the rest of the Allied forces to evacuate and shift to the Thermopylae Line .
As the German forces approached the Thermopylae Line , the 2nd New Zealand Division was ordered to retreat . While 4th and 6th Brigades provided cover , most of the 5th Brigade moved to beaches at Porti Rafti over the next two days and was evacuated to Crete in the evening of 24 April . Casualties during the 21st Battalion 's campaign in Greece amounted to 40 killed and wounded with 230 personnel captured and made prisoners of war .
Crete
The Glengyle arrived at Crete on 25 April and 21st Battalion were unloaded at Suda Bay . Initially it was believed that Crete was to simply be a staging point for the New Zealanders as they returned to Egypt . However , as military intelligence indicated a likely attack by the Germans , it was necessary to defend the island . The 5th Brigade was assigned the defence of Maleme airfield , with 21st Battalion positioned to the east , guarding the beach and river mouth . It was also tasked with supporting 22nd Battalion if required . At this time , the battalion numbered 237 personnel , and two companies of New Zealand Engineers were attached to boost its numbers . In early May several parties of men , including Macky , began arriving , having made their way to Crete from Greece by various means . However Macky was ill with dysentery and was soon taken to hospital , leaving Harding still as acting commander . Macky was soon sent back to Egypt on account of their performance in Greece , and Lieutenant Colonel John Allen took command of the battalion .
On 20 May 1941 , German paratroopers began landing on Crete . After the initial drop , during which several Germans were killed as they descended , the day passed relatively uneventfully for the battalion . After the Maleme airfield , the defence of which was tasked to 22nd Battalion , was lost to the Germans , the entire 5th Brigade was withdrawn from its positions .
It was evacuated from Crete on the night of 31 May aboard the light cruiser HMS Phoebe and reached Alexandria the following day . Total casualties during the Battle of Crete were 33 killed in action , 33 wounded , and 80 men were captured .
North Africa
After a period of leave , the battalion 's personnel reassembled at Helwan in Egypt . Reduced to about 270 men after the campaigns in Greece and Crete , it was brought back up to strength with over 500 reinforcements . By August , the battalion , along with the rest of 5th Brigade , was involved in training in desert warfare and by the end of the month construction , of defensive positions , known as the Kaponga Box , commenced . It remained here for a month before shifting further west to the Baggush Box .
Its training was in preparation for the 2nd New Zealand Division 's role in the upcoming Operation Crusader , which was planned to lift the siege of Tobruk . The New Zealanders were to be one of the 8th Army 's infantry divisions that were to surround and capture the main strong points along the front while the armoured divisions were to seek out and engage Generalleutnant ( Lieutenant General ) Erwin Rommel 's Afrika Korps . At the same time , the Tobruk garrison was to attempt a breakout .
Operation Crusader
Commanding officers
The following officers served as commanding officer of 21st Battalion :
Lieutenant Colonel N. L. Macky ( January 1940–April 1941 ; May 1941 ) ;
Major E. A. Harding ( April–May 1941 ) ;
Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Allen ( May–November 1941 ) ;
Major T. V. Fitzpatrick ( November–December 1941 ) ;
Lieutenant Colonel R. W. Harding ( December 1941 ; May–June 1942 ; July 1942–April 1943 ; May–June 1943 )
Lieutenant Colonel S. F. Allen ( December 1941–May 1942 ; June–July 1942 ) ;
Lieutenant Colonel H. M. McElroy ( July 1942 ; June 1943–June 1944 ) ;
Lieutenant Colonel M. C. Fairbrother ( April–May 1943 ) ;
Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Trousdale ( June–July 1944 ) ;
Lieutenant Colonel J. I. Thodey ( July–October 1944 ; May–December 1945 ;
Lieutenant Colonel E. A. McPhail ( October 1944–May 1945 ) .
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
References
Infantry battalions of New Zealand in World War II
Military units and formations established in 1939
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Varka Deh ( , also Romanized as Varkā Deh ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 954 , in 214 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Barwell is a small locality in the London Borough of Kingston upon Thames , located between Chessington and Claygate and historically in the county of Surrey . It was traditionally farmland , its name likely alluding the barley that was grown in the area .
Areas of London
Districts of the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames
The Prince Olav Mountains is a mountain range of the Queen Maud Mountains in Antarctica stretching from Shackleton Glacier to Liv Glacier at the head of the Ross Ice Shelf .
Discovered in 1911 by Roald Amundsen on the way to the South Pole , and named by them for the then Crown Prince Olav of Norway .
Key mountains
This range includes the following mountains and peaks :
Allaire Peak
Allaire Peak is a rock peak standing northwest of Mount Hall , between the Gough and Le Couteur Glaciers . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Captain C.J . Allaire , USA , on the Staff of the Commander , U.S . Naval Support Force , Antarctica , during U.S. Navy Operation Deep Freeze 1963 .
Mount Campbell
Mount Campbell is a prominent peak standing southeast of Mount Wade . Discovered and photographed by the USAS ( 1939–41 ) , and surveyed by A.P . Crary ( 1957–58 ) . Named by Crary for Joel Campbell of the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey , Antarctic Project Leader for geomagnetic operations , 1957-60 .
Centennial Peak
Centennial Peak is a mountain situated south-southeast of Mount Wade . Mapped by USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1960-65 . Named by US-ACAN in recognition of the Centennial of Ohio State University in 1970 , the same year the University 's Institute of Polar Studies celebrated its Decennial . The University and the Institute have been very active in Antarctic investigations since 1960 .
Mount Finley
Mount Finley is a prominent mountain on the ridge which extends south from Mount Wade , located south-southwest of Mount Oliver . Named by Rear Admiral Byrd for John H. Finley , President of the American Geographical Society at the time of the Byrd Antarctic Expedition , 1928-30 .
Mount Fisher
Mount Fisher is a domed , snow-capped summit standing northwest of Mount Ray . Discovered and photographed by Byrd on flights to the Queen Maud Mountains in November 1929 , and named by them for the Fisher brothers , Detroit industrialists and contributors to the Byrd Antarctic Expedition , 1928-30 .
Jones Peak
Jones Peak is a mainly ice-free peak standing WNW of Mount Fisher at the head of DeGanahl Glacier . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for John M. Jones , Program Officer of the Committee on Polar Research , United States National Academy of Sciences , 1957-1963 .
Mount Oliver
Mount Oliver is a mountain over high standing southeast of Mount Campbell . Discovered and photographed by the USAS , 1939-41 . Surveyed by A.P . Crary ( 1957–58 ) and named by them for Norman Oliver , Air Force Cambridge Research Center , who was Antarctic Project Leader for aurora operations , 1957-60 .
Mount Ray
Mount Ray is a mountain located southeast of Mount Fisher . Named by US-ACAN for Carleton Ray , USARP zoologist at McMurdo Station in the 1963-64 , 1964–65 , and 1965–66 summer seasons .
Mount Sellery
Mount Sellery is a prominent peak between Mount Oliver and Mount Smithson . Discovered and photographed by Byrd on the Baselaying Flight of November 18 , 1929 , and surveyed by A.P . Crary in 1957-58 . The mountain is named by Crary for Harry Sellery of the U.S. National Bureau of Standards , who was Antarctic Project Leader for ionosphere studies , 1957-60 .
Mount Smithson
Mount Smithson is a mountain over 3,000 m along the northern escarpment of the Prince Olav Mountains , standing 3 mi E of Mount Sellery between the heads of Krout and Harwell Glaciers . Named by US-ACAN for James Smithson , English philanthropist . In 1835 , their property came into the possession of the United States Government , having been bequeathed by them for the purpose of founding an institution at Washington , DC , to be called the Smithsonian Institution for the increase and diffusion of knowledge among men .
Features
Geographical features include :
Allaire Peak
Barrett Glacier
Cape Irwyn
Centennial Peak
Clark Spur
Gough Glacier
Hardiman Peak
Harwell Glacier
Holzrichter Glacier
Jones Peak
Krout Glacier
Longhorn Spurs
McGregor Glacier
Mercik Peak
Mount Campbell
Mount Dodge
Mount Finley
Mount Fisher
Mount Hall
Mount Kenney
Mount Krebs
Mount Llano
Mount McCue
Mount Munson
Mount Oliver
Mount Ray
Mount Roe
Mount Sellery
Mount Smithson
Mount Wade
Mount Wells
Mount Wendland
Watt Ridge
Zotikov Glacier
References
Queen Maud Mountains
Mountain ranges of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Ellen Robinson ( 14 March 1840 – 6 March 1912 ) was a British teacher , Quaker minister , feminist and peace activist . They founded the Liverpool and Birkenhead Women 's Peace and Arbitration Society ( LBWPAS ) and served on the council of the International Peace Bureau . They were also active with the Peace Society , the International Arbitration and Peace Association , and the Religious Society of Friends . Robinson used their background as a teacher to give frequent speeches supporting anti-war principles . They were supported by Mary Jane Cooke who was assistant secretary of the Peace Union . Robinson , in particular , opposed British militarism of the Second Boer War in South Africa and spoke against European human rights abuses in Africa and Asia .
Robinson worked toward broader cooperation between peace groups . They often collaborated with other peace campaigners and feminists including Eugénie Potonié-Pierre , with whom they organized several meetings in Paris , and Priscilla Hannah Peckover .
They retired in 1903 and their place as secretary in the Peace Union was taken by Mary Jane Cooke . Cooke had been editing the peace journal , War or Brotherhood , from 1896 .
Robinson died in Liverpool on 6 March 1912 .
See also
List of peace activists
References
1840 births
1912 deaths
British anti-war activists
British feminists
British Quakers
British women activists
People from Derby
Quaker feminists
Quaker ministers
Abu ' l-Tayyib Ahmad ibn Ali al-Madhara ' i ( died 915 ) was a member of the bureaucratic al-Madhara ' i dynasty of fiscal officials , and served as director of finances of Egypt for the Tulunid dynasty during its last decades .
Life
Ahmad was a son of Ali ibn Ahmad al-Madhara ' i and grandson of the family 's founder , Abu Bakr Ahmad . Abu Bakr had been named controller of finances by the autonomous ruler of Egypt and Syria , Ahmad ibn Tulun , and had in turn named Ali as their representative in Egypt and another son , al-Husayn , as their representative in Syria . After Abu Bakr died in 884 , Ali became vizier of the Tulunid domains until their murder in 896 . Ahmad succeeded their father as fiscal director of Egypt , while their uncle al-Husayn held the analogous post in Syria , until the end of the Tulunid dynasty in 904–5 . Ahmad 's brother Muhammad became vizier in their father 's place in 896–904 . After the Abbasids re-established direct control over the former Tulunid domains in 904–5 , Ahmad was replaced in Egypt by their uncle al-Husayn . They died in 915 .
References
Sources
9th-century births
915 deaths
Al-Madhara ' i family
Egypt under the Abbasid Caliphate
Medieval Iraqi people
Tulunid officials
Peregrinus Proteus ( ; c. 95 – 165 AD ) was a Greek Cynic philosopher , from Parium in Mysia . Leaving home at a young age , they first lived with the Christians in Palestine , before eventually being expelled from that community and adopting the life of a Cynic philosopher and eventually settling in Greece . They are most remembered for committing suicide after giving their own funeral oration , cremating themselves on a funeral pyre at the Olympic Games in 165 . By 180 AD , a statue of Peregrinus had been erected in their home city of Parium ; it was reputed to have oracular powers .
Life
Lucian 's satirical biography
The only detailed account of the life of Peregrinus was recorded by Lucian in their satire , The Death of Peregrinus ( ) . Although this account is hostile to Peregrinus , the bare facts of their life can be extracted .
Peregrinus was born in Parium , c. 95 AD . At a young age they were suspected of parricide , and was obliged to leave their native home . During their wanderings they reached Palestine , they came into close contact with the Christian community , and quickly rose to a position of authority . They suffered a term of imprisonment at the hands of the Roman authorities , during which the Christians gave them much aid . They may have expected to be martyred , but the Governor of Syria released him .
They seem to have become a Cynic at this point , because they returned home and renounced their inheritance , giving away all their money to the people of their home city . They resumed their wandering life , maintaining close relations with the Christians at first , but eventually they offended them in some way , and was expelled from the Christian community . They went to Egypt to study with the famous Cynic Agathobulus , where they learned the harsh asceticism of the sect . They made their way to Rome , where they began a campaign of abuse against the Roman authorities , and especially the emperor Antoninus Pius . They gained a following among the masses , and it may be at this point that Theagenes became their chief disciple . Although tolerated at first , they were eventually expelled by the City Prefect .
They next went to Elis in Greece , where they continued their anti-Roman preaching . At the Olympic games ( either 153 or 157 ) , Peregrinus abused the wealthy philanthropist Herodes Atticus , whereby the infuriated crowd attacked Peregrinus , and they were forced to take refuge at the altar of Zeus . In Athens , Peregrinus devoted themselves to the study and teaching of philosophy , and obtained a considerable number of pupils , amongst them Aulus Gellius . At the Olympic Games of 161 , they announced that they would publicly burn themselves to death at the following Olympics :
They said that they wanted to put a tip of gold on a golden life ; for one who had lived as Heracles should die like Heracles and be commingled with the aether . And I wish , said he , to benefit humankind by showing them the way in which one should disregard death ; wherefore all men ought to play Philoctetes to my Heracles .
They carried out their promise : on the final night of the Olympic games in 165 , they immolated themselves on a funeral pyre located 20 stadia ( 3.7 km ) east of Olympia . Lucian , who was present , witnessed the event , having heard Theagenes , Peregrinus ' most ardent disciple , praise their master 's intentions .
It is hard to reconstruct Peregrinus ' own motivations for the events of their life , because Lucian , for general and personal reasons , presents a hostile view of Peregrinus . According to Lucian , Peregrinus strangled their father to death ; became a Christian so that they could gain wealth ; was imprisoned so that they could gain notoriety ; gave their inheritance away so that they might gain favour among the people of their home town ; studied under Agathobulus so that they could become more obscene ; attacked the Romans to become famous ; and killed themselves to become infamous .
Gellius 's account
Aulus Gellius provides a brief , but different , view of Peregrinus . They describe Peregrinus as `` a man of dignity and fortitude , '' and Aulus would regularly visit them in their hut outside Athens where they would listen to things which were `` helpful and noble '' :
They used to say that a wise man would not commit a sin , even if they knew that neither gods nor men would know it ; for they thought that one ought to refrain from sin , not through fear of punishment or disgrace , but from love of justice and honesty and from a sense of duty .
Ammianus Marcellinus 's allusion
Ammianus Marcellinus also refers positively to Peregrinus , albeit briefly . Describing the execution of the 4th century philosopher Simonides , burnt alive in the reign of the Emperor Valens , Ammianus compares Simonides with Peregrinus :
Simonides , ... to whom death was an escape from the grim tyrant life , and who laughed at sudden disastrous turns of fate , stood unmoved amid the flames , like the famous philosopher Peregrinus , nicknamed Proteus .
He , having decided to leave the world , mounted a pyre which they had built themselves at the quinquennial Olympic games , and was consumed by fire while the whole of Greece looked on .
Modern reconstructions
Several modern historians have attempted to outline Peregrinus ' life using the works of Lucian and other sources that have fixed historical dates such as the completion of Herodes Atticus 's aqueduct and the Jewish revolt in Syria . One of the more complete timelines of Peregrinus Proteus ' life comes from Gilbert Bagnani . They suggest the following timeline for Peregrinus ' life :
ca . 95 birth at Parium
114–116 in Armenia
ca . 120 at Parium : death of their father
120–130 goes to Palestine and Syria : joins Essene-Ebionite Church at Pella
132 imprisoned on the outbreak of the Jewish revolt
134 released by Julius Severus
135 after their return to Parium resumes their travels
ca . 140 excommunicated as an Ebionite : goes to Egypt
ca . 150 goes to Rome
ca . 152 expelled from Rome
153 attacks Herodes Atticus at Olympia
157 is reconciled to Herodes
165 their death at Olympia .
See also
Kalanos
Zarmanochegas
References
External links
Aulus Gellius , Attic Nights , xii , 11 .
Lucian , The Death of Peregrinus .
Gilbert Bagnani , Peregrinus Proteus and the Christians
165 deaths
2nd-century philosophers
Roman-era Cynic philosophers
Suicides by self-immolation
Roman Olympia
Roman-era philosophers in Athens
Ancient Anatolian Greeks
Christianity and Hellenistic philosophy
Year of birth unknown
Ancient people who committed suicide
Du cidre pour les étoiles ( Cider for the Stars ) , written and drawn by Fournier , is the twentysixth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series , and the author 's sixth , following the Spirou retirement of André Franquin . The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine before it was released as a hardcover album in 1976 .
Story
In Cider for the Stars , while en route to Champignac , Spirou and Fantasio are confronted with strange events : the villagers see extraterrestrials and animals panic . When they arrive at the castle , the Count tells them that they are , in fact , housing three extraterrestrials ( `` Ksoriens '' ) , enrolled in a mycology training program , but that their love for cider had led them to become careless .
One of them is wounded in the town and manages to regain the castle , but its saucer is stolen by foreign secret agents . A whole patrol of Ksoriens then proceeds to land in order to retrieve the saucer , but one of them is in turn kidnapped . The Ksoriens threaten to put the whole area to sleep in order to help them in their task , but the Count opposes the plan . In the nick of time Spirou and Fantasio find the saucer and the Ksorien , and the extraterrestrials capture the secret agents . The Mayor , as is their wont , suspects that the Count is conducting secret experiments and orders the castle to be searched , forcing the Ksoriens to leave .
References
Fournier publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Cidre pour les etoiles , Du
Works originally published in Spirou ( magazine )
Literature first published in serial form
1976 books
1976 in comics
Alien invasions in comics
Beetham may refer to :
Places
In England
Beetham , Cumbria
In Trinidad and Tobago
Beetham Estate Gardens , a neighbourhood in Port of Spain
Beetham Highway , a major highway
People
Bentley Beetham ( 1886–1963 ) , British mountaineer , ornithologist and photographer
Bruce Beetham ( 1936–1997 ) , New Zealand academic and politician
Charles Beetham ( 1914–1997 ) , American middle-distance runner
David Beetham , British social theorist
Edward Beetham ( 1905–1979 ) , Governor of Trinidad and Tobago
George Beetham ( 1840–1915 ) , New Zealand politician and alpinist
Isabella Beetham , British silhouette artist
Michael Beetham ( 1923–2015 ) , Marshal of the Royal Air Force
See also
Beetham Organization , a property development and investment company
Beetham Tower ( disambiguation ) , various British high-rise buildings financed and owned by the Beetham Organization
Silvia Gemignani ( born September 2 , 1972 in Pietrasanta ) is an athlete from Italy , who competes in triathlon .
Gemignani competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . They took twentieth place with a total time of 2:05:21.26 . At the 2004 Summer Olympics , Gemignani competed again . Them time of 2:08:56.94 earned them a twenty-first-place finish .
Since 1997 till 2007 Gemignani took part in Elite Women ITU races , wherein they came to podium four times . With time 01:54:55 , their best in this series , they won 2001 Forte dei Marmi ITU Triathlon European Cup . At 2001 Praia da Vitoria ITU Triathlon European Cup Gemignani finished second .
References
Profile
1972 births
Living people
People from Pietrasanta
Italian female triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Italy
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the Province of Lucca
Stenoma castellana is a moth of the family Depressariidae . It is found in French Guiana , South America .
The wingspan is 20–21 mm . The forewings are ochreous white with an elongated blackish-fuscous blotch running from the base of the costa to the middle of the dorsum but leaving dorsum narrowly whitish on the basal fourth , the upper edge somewhat irregular , the posterior extremity truncate , reaching the fold . There is a light fuscous trapezoidal blotch on the dorsum just beyond this , almost reaching the following . There is a very broad blackish-fuscous fascia from three-fourths of the costa to the tornus , much narrowed on the costa , the anterior edge convex-prominent in the middle and towards the costa , the posterior edge waved convex , leaving only a narrow white streak around the apical edge . The hindwings are grey , darker towards the apex , sometimes whitish tinged at the base and with the apical edge white .
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
Floriston is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Nevada County , California . It is situated at an elevation of above sea level . Floriston is located on the Truckee River , east-northeast of Truckee . Formerly an important railroad stop and mill town , Floriston survives to this day as a small residential community . The population was 73 at the 2010 census .
Name
The name comes from the flowers at the place . It is probably coined from the Latin or Spanish stem flor 'flower . '
History
The railroad station was established in the 1870s with the name of Bronco after the name of the creek a mile to the south . The Floriston post office opened in 1891 .
Geography
Floriston is located east of Truckee in the canyon of the Truckee River , a short distance north of the bend where it turns north from its previous eastward course . The community is located on a small gently sloped area on the east bank of the river next to Interstate 80 , which crosses the river nearby . Steep canyon walls thousands of feet high rise up from the river on both sides .
Climate
Floriston has a dry-summer continental climate ( Köppen Dsb ) with a moderate amount of precipitation , much of it falling as snow in the wintertime . Diurnal temperature variation is large , with average highs above freezing year-round , and quite cold nighttime temperatures even in midsummer . The community , deep in a canyon on the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada , experiences a moderate rain shadow effect due to the Sierra crest to the west . However , this rain shadow is much less pronounced than that of the lower terrain to the east . As a result , Floriston is located in a transition zone between the lush forests of the Sierra and the desert valleys to the east .
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Floriston was home to 73 people . The population was spread out among 38 households , including 18 families . 6 households included children under the age of 18 . Of the 73 people who lived in Floriston , 67 were white , 4 were Native American , and 2 were of mixed-race origin . The community had 9 people under the age of 18 , and 8 people aged 65 or older . The median age was 49.1 years . There were 35 males and 38 females .
Politics
California is an overwhelmingly Democratic state , and its representation in the Senate reflects that the state 's Senators , Dianne Feinstein and Kamala Harris , are both Democrats . However , befitting its location in the rural and conservative-leaning Sierra Nevada , Floriston is represented by Republicans in the House of Representatives at the federal level and in both legislative bodies at the state level . In the state legislature , Floriston is in , and . Federally , Floriston is in .
Like much of the Truckee–Tahoe area , with its large population of transplants and seasonal residents from the San Francisco Bay Area , Floriston itself leans strongly Democratic . In the 2016 election , voters in Floriston 's voting precinct , which also encompasses other rural areas east of Truckee , cast 69 votes for Hillary Clinton and 37 votes for Donald Trump .
Government
As an unincorporated community , Floriston has no government institutions of its own . Governmental duties are handled by Nevada County . Floriston is located in Nevada County 's 5th supervisorial district , represented by Democrat Richard Anderson .
References
External links
Census-designated places in Nevada County , California
Census-designated places in California
Whatstandwell railway station is a railway station owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Railway . It serves the villages of Whatstandwell and Crich Carr in Derbyshire , England . The station is located on the Derwent Valley Line from Derby to Matlock .
There is a ticketing machine on the single platform ; a full range of tickets for travel for any destination in the country can be also purchased from the guard on the train at no extra cost .
History
It was opened by the Manchester , Buxton , Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway as 'Whatstandwell Bridge ' on 4 June 1849 , though it was not listed in the timetable until 1853 . It was north of the Whatstandwell Tunnel , behind the Derwent Hotel .
On 4 October 1853 a luggage train was on its way from Rowsley to Ambergate and at Whatstandwell was put into a siding to collect some empty wagons . It derailed and a breakdown crew was sent for from Derby . With this assistance , the train was re-railed and set off for Ambergate . The break down train which had come from Derby was standing on the wrong line for returning to Derby . Instead of continuing for 1/2 a mile to cross onto the correct line they determined to return to Derby on the wrong line , calculating that they would get back before anything started out from Derby . They ignored the rules of the company which required a firefighter walking 800 yards in advance of the train and proceeding at a walking pace . Instead they travelled at full speed . They collided with another engine and Michael Barker , a firefighter , was killed . Samuel Kent , George Cawood and John Smeeton were indicted for their manslaughter . They were found guilty at the Midland Assizes on 18 March 1854 . Kent was sentenced by Lord Chief Justice Jervis to 18 months ' imprisonment and hard labour and the others got 12 months each .
The station was moved to its present location in 1894 when the name became 'Whatstandwell ' . The platform at the original station still exists . The area was used as a goods yard after the present station was built . The contractor for the new station was W.C. Hardy of Derby . The new station opened on 11 November 1894 .
A little way north was High Peak Junction at the base of the former rope-worked incline of the Cromford and High Peak Railway .
Stationmasters
Thomas Stevenson ca . 1853 ca . 1854
Robert Turner ca . 1857 - 1860
Luke Fox 1860 - 1864 ( afterwards station master at Cudworth )
S. Greenhough from 1864
William Webster ca . 1871 - 1873 ( afterwards station master at Chapel-en-le-Frith )
Brierly Ayton 1873 ( formerly station master at Beauchief , appointed to Whatstandwell but died 27 February 1873 )
William T. Stowell 1873 - 1876 ( formerly station master at Wixford , afterwards station master at Crosby Garrett )
Edwin Hoe 1876 - 1879 ( afterwards station master at Finedon )
George Simmons 1879 - 1883
Fred Watkin 1883 - 1887 ( formerly station master at Stirchley Street , afterwards station master at Shefford )
Charles Whitmore 1887 - 1896 ( formerly station master at Ratby )
H.T . Swain 1896 - 1900 ( formerly station master at Penns )
Harry Smith Dawes 1900 - 1911 ( formerly station master at New Mills , afterwards station master at Bakewell )
William Henry Hewitt 1911 - ca . 1937
E. Barker ca . 1946
A. Cyril Phillips until 1957
Today
The station is served by East Midlands Railway , who operate the service from Nottingham to Matlock ( via Derby ) . For journeys beginning at Whatstandwell , tickets may be bought from the machine on the platform or on the train for any destination in the country ; beyond Derby , tickets must be bought at the ticket office . The journey time to Derby is approximately 24 minutes . Services are approximately hourly , but two-hourly on Sundays . Trains on the Derwent Valley line were replaced by a bus service for several weeks in late summer of 2018 ; this was due to essential works being carried out on the approach to Derby station .
The footbridge at the station leads to the Cromford Canal towpath and to a bridge over the canal to Main Road and the village .
A team of volunteers from the village helps to maintain the station and car park .
Services
All services at Whatstandwell are operated by East Midlands Railway .
On weekdays and Saturdays , the station is served by one train per hour in each direction between and . The final late evening service from Matlock is extended to .
On Sundays , there is a two-hourly service between Matlock and Nottingham in the morning , with services increasing to hourly from mid-afternoon onwards .
References
External links
`` Picture the Past '' Whatstandwell station 1900-10
Pictures from the Wirksworth archives
Friends of the Derwent Valley Line
Peak Rail
Derwent Valley Line East Midlands Trains Community Rail Partnership
Railway stations in Derbyshire
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1849
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1894
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1894
Railway stations served by East Midlands Railway
1849 establishments in England
The following timeline of algorithms outlines the development of algorithms ( mainly `` mathematical recipes '' ) since their inception .
Medieval Period
Before – writing about `` recipes '' ( on cooking , rituals , agriculture and other themes )
c. 1700–2000 BC – Egyptians develop the earliest known algorithms for multiplying two numbers
c. 1600 BC – Babylonians develop the earliest known algorithms for factorization and finding square roots
c. 300 BC – Euclid 's algorithm
c. 200 BC – the Sieve of Eratosthenes
263 AD – Gaussian elimination described by Liu Hui
628 – Chakravala method described by Brahmagupta
c. 820 – Al-Khawarizmi described algorithms for solving linear equations and quadratic equations in their Algebra ; the word algorithm comes from their name
825 – Al-Khawarizmi described the algorism , algorithms for using the Hindu–Arabic numeral system , in their treatise On the Calculation with Hindu Numerals , which was translated into Latin as Algoritmi de numero Indorum , where `` Algoritmi '' , the translator 's rendition of the author 's name gave rise to the word algorithm ( Latin algorithmus ) with a meaning `` calculation method ''
c. 850 – cryptanalysis and frequency analysis algorithms developed by Al-Kindi ( Alkindus ) in A Manuscript on Deciphering Cryptographic Messages , which contains algorithms on breaking encryptions and ciphers
c. 1025 – Ibn al-Haytham ( Alhazen ) , was the first mathematician to derive the formula for the sum of the fourth powers , and in turn , they develop an algorithm for determining the general formula for the sum of any integral powers , which was fundamental to the development of integral calculus
c. 1400 – Ahmad al-Qalqashandi gives a list of ciphers in their Subh al-a'sha which include both substitution and transposition , and for the first time , a cipher with multiple substitutions for each plaintext letter ; they also give an exposition on and worked example of cryptanalysis , including the use of tables of letter frequencies and sets of letters which can not occur together in one word
Before 1940
1540 – Lodovico Ferrari discovered a method to find the roots of a quartic polynomial
1545 – Gerolamo Cardano published Cardano 's method for finding the roots of a cubic polynomial
1614 – John Napier develops method for performing calculations using logarithms
1671 – Newton–Raphson method developed by Isaac Newton
1690 – Newton–Raphson method independently developed by Joseph Raphson
1706 – John Machin develops a quickly converging inverse-tangent series for π and computes π to 100 decimal places
1789 – Jurij Vega improves Machin 's formula and computes π to 140 decimal places ,
1805 – FFT-like algorithm known by Carl Friedrich Gauss
1842 – Ada Lovelace writes the first algorithm for a computing engine
1903 – A fast Fourier transform algorithm presented by Carle David Tolmé Runge
1926 – Borůvka 's algorithm
1926 – Primary decomposition algorithm presented by Grete Hermann
1927 – Hartree–Fock method developed for simulating a quantum many-body system in a stationary state .
1934 – Delaunay triangulation developed by Boris Delaunay
1936 – Turing machine , an abstract machine developed by Alan Turing , with others developed the modern notion of algorithm .
1940s
1942 – A fast Fourier transform algorithm developed by G.C . Danielson and Cornelius Lanczos
1945 – Merge sort developed by John von Neumann
1947 – Simplex algorithm developed by George Dantzig
1950s
1952 – Huffman coding developed by David A. Huffman
1953 – Simulated annealing introduced by Nicholas Metropolis
1954 – Radix sort computer algorithm developed by Harold H. Seward
1964 – Box–Muller transform for fast generation of normally distributed numbers published by George Edward Pelham Box and Mervin Edgar Muller . Independently pre-discovered by Raymond E. A. C. Paley and Norbert Wiener in 1934 .
1956 – Kruskal 's algorithm developed by Joseph Kruskal
1956 – Ford–Fulkerson algorithm developed and published by R. Ford Jr. and D. R. Fulkerson
1957 – Prim 's algorithm developed by Robert Prim
1957 – Bellman–Ford algorithm developed by Richard E. Bellman and L. R. Ford , Jr .
1959 – Dijkstra 's algorithm developed by Edsger Dijkstra
1959 – Shell sort developed by Donald L. Shell
1959 – De Casteljau 's algorithm developed by Paul de Casteljau
1959 – QR factorization algorithm developed independently by John G.F. Francis and Vera Kublanovskaya
1959 – Rabin–Scott powerset construction for converting NFA into DFA published by Michael O. Rabin and Dana Scott
1960s
1960 – Karatsuba multiplication
1961 – CRC ( Cyclic redundancy check ) invented by W. Wesley Peterson
1962 – AVL trees
1962 – Quicksort developed by C. A. R. Hoare
1962 – Bresenham 's line algorithm developed by Jack E. Bresenham
1962 – Gale–Shapley 'stable-marriage ' algorithm developed by David Gale and Lloyd Shapley
1964 – Heapsort developed by J. W. J. Williams
1964 – multigrid methods first proposed by R. P. Fedorenko
1965 – Cooley–Tukey algorithm rediscovered by James Cooley and John Tukey
1965 – Levenshtein distance developed by Vladimir Levenshtein
1965 – Cocke–Younger–Kasami ( CYK ) algorithm independently developed by Tadao Kasami
1965 – Buchberger 's algorithm for computing Gröbner bases developed by Bruno Buchberger
1965 – LR parsers invented by Donald Knuth
1966 – Dantzig algorithm for shortest path in a graph with negative edges
1967 – Viterbi algorithm proposed by Andrew Viterbi
1967 – Cocke–Younger–Kasami ( CYK ) algorithm independently developed by Daniel H. Younger
1968 – A * graph search algorithm described by Peter Hart , Nils Nilsson , and Bertram Raphael
1968 – Risch algorithm for indefinite integration developed by Robert Henry Risch
1969 – Strassen algorithm for matrix multiplication developed by Volker Strassen
1970s
1970 – Dinic 's algorithm for computing maximum flow in a flow network by Yefim ( Chaim ) A. Dinitz
1970 – Knuth–Bendix completion algorithm developed by Donald Knuth and Peter B. Bendix
1970 – BFGS method of the quasi-Newton class
1970 – Needleman–Wunsch algorithm published by Saul B. Needleman and Christian D. Wunsch
1972 – Edmonds–Karp algorithm published by Jack Edmonds and Richard Karp , essentially identical to Dinic 's algorithm from 1970
1972 – Graham scan developed by Ronald Graham
1972 – Red–black trees and B-trees discovered
1973 – RSA encryption algorithm discovered by Clifford Cocks
1973 – Jarvis march algorithm developed by R. A. Jarvis
1973 – Hopcroft–Karp algorithm developed by John Hopcroft and Richard Karp
1974 – Pollard 's p − 1 algorithm developed by John Pollard
1974 – Quadtree developed by Raphael Finkel and J.L . Bentley
1975 – Genetic algorithms popularized by John Holland
1975 – Pollard 's rho algorithm developed by John Pollard
1975 – Aho–Corasick string matching algorithm developed by Alfred V. Aho and Margaret J. Corasick
1975 – Cylindrical algebraic decomposition developed by George E. Collins
1976 – Salamin–Brent algorithm independently discovered by Eugene Salamin and Richard Brent
1976 – Knuth–Morris–Pratt algorithm developed by Donald Knuth and Vaughan Pratt and independently by J. H. Morris
1977 – Boyer–Moore string search algorithm for searching the occurrence of a string into another string .
1977 – RSA encryption algorithm rediscovered by Ron Rivest , Adi Shamir , and Len Adleman
1977 – LZ77 algorithm developed by Abraham Lempel and Jacob Ziv
1977 – multigrid methods developed independently by Achi Brandt and Wolfgang Hackbusch
1978 – LZ78 algorithm developed from LZ77 by Abraham Lempel and Jacob Ziv
1978 – Bruun 's algorithm proposed for powers of two by Georg Bruun
1979 – Khachiyan 's ellipsoid method developed by Leonid Khachiyan
1979 – ID3 decision tree algorithm developed by Ross Quinlan
1980s
1980 – Brent 's Algorithm for cycle detection Richard P. Brendt
1981 – Quadratic sieve developed by Carl Pomerance
1981 – Smith–Waterman algorithm developed by Temple F. Smith and Michael S. Waterman
1983 – Simulated annealing developed by S. Kirkpatrick , C. D. Gelatt and M. P. Vecchi
1983 – Classification and regression tree ( CART ) algorithm developed by Leo Breiman , et al .
1984 – LZW algorithm developed from LZ78 by Terry Welch
1984 – Karmarkar 's interior-point algorithm developed by Narendra Karmarkar
1984 - ACORN PRNG discovered by Roy Wikramaratna and used privately
1985 – Simulated annealing independently developed by V. Cerny
1985 - Car–Parrinello molecular dynamics developed by Roberto Car and Michele Parrinello
1985 – Splay trees discovered by Sleator and Tarjan
1986 – Blum Blum Shub proposed by L. Blum , M. Blum , and M. Shub
1986 – Push relabel maximum flow algorithm by Andrew Goldberg and Robert Tarjan
1986 - Barnes–Hut tree method developed by Josh Barnes and Piet Hut for fast approximate simulation of n-body problems
1987 – Fast multipole method developed by Leslie Greengard and Vladimir Rokhlin
1988 – Special number field sieve developed by John Pollard
1989 - ACORN PRNG published by Roy Wikramaratna
1989 – Paxos protocol developed by Leslie Lamport
1990s
1990 – General number field sieve developed from SNFS by Carl Pomerance , Joe Buhler , Hendrik Lenstra , and Leonard Adleman
1990 – Coppersmith–Winograd algorithm developed by Don Coppersmith and Shmuel Winograd
1990 – BLAST algorithm developed by Stephen Altschul , Warren Gish , Webb Miller , Eugene Myers , and David J. Lipman from National Institutes of Health
1991 – Wait-free synchronization developed by Maurice Herlihy
1992 – Deutsch–Jozsa algorithm proposed by D. Deutsch and Richard Jozsa
1992 – C4.5 algorithm , a descendant of ID3 decision tree algorithm , was developed by Ross Quinlan
1993 – Apriori algorithm developed by Rakesh Agrawal and Ramakrishnan Srikant
1993 – Karger 's algorithm to compute the minimum cut of a connected graph by David Karger
1994 – Shor 's algorithm developed by Peter Shor
1994 – Burrows–Wheeler transform developed by Michael Burrows and David Wheeler
1994 – Bootstrap aggregating ( bagging ) developed by Leo Breiman
1995 – AdaBoost algorithm , the first practical boosting algorithm , was introduced by Yoav Freund and Robert Schapire
1995 – soft-margin support vector machine algorithm was published by Vladimir Vapnik and Corinna Cortes . It adds a soft-margin idea to the 1992 algorithm by Boser , Nguyon , Vapnik , and is the algorithm that people usually refer to when saying SVM
1995 – Ukkonen 's algorithm for construction of suffix trees
1996 – Bruun 's algorithm generalized to arbitrary even composite sizes by H. Murakami
1996 – Grover 's algorithm developed by Lov K. Grover
1996 – RIPEMD-160 developed by Hans Dobbertin , Antoon Bosselaers , and Bart Preneel
1997 – Mersenne Twister a pseudo random number generator developed by Makoto Matsumoto and Tajuki Nishimura
1998 – PageRank algorithm was published by Larry Page
1998 – rsync algorithm developed by Andrew Tridgell
1999 – gradient boosting algorithm developed by Jerome H. Friedman
1999 – Yarrow algorithm designed by Bruce Schneier , John Kelsey , and Niels Ferguson
2000s
2000 – Hyperlink-induced topic search a hyperlink analysis algorithm developed by Jon Kleinberg
2001 – Lempel–Ziv–Markov chain algorithm for compression developed by Igor Pavlov
2001 – Viola–Jones algorithm for real-time face detection was developed by Paul Viola and Michael Jones .
2001 – DHT ( Distributed hash table ) is invented by multiple people from academia and application systems
2001 – BitTorrent a first fully decentralized peer-to-peer file distribution system is published
2001 – LOBPCG Locally Optimal Block Preconditioned Conjugate Gradient method finding extreme eigenvalues of symmetric eigenvalue problems by Andrew Knyazev
2002 – AKS primality test developed by Manindra Agrawal , Neeraj Kayal and Nitin Saxena
2002 – Girvan–Newman algorithm to detect communities in complex systems
2002 – Packrat parser developed for generating a parser that parses PEG ( Parsing expression grammar ) in linear time parsing developed by Bryan Ford
2009 – Bitcoin a first trust-less decentralized cryptocurrency system is published
2010s
2013 – Raft consensus protocol published by Diego Ongaro and John Ousterhout
2015 – YOLO ( “ You Only Look Once ” ) is an effective real-time object recognition algorithm , first described by Joseph Redmon et al .
References
Algorithms
Algorithms
Algorithms
Vanastra is a dispersed rural community and unincorporated place in the municipality of Huron East , Huron County in southwestern Ontario , Canada , southeast of the community of Clinton . It is located on the former property of a top secret Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF ) station used to train and supply over 7,000 radar technicians and support staff for American , British and Canadian forces during World War II .
The base was renamed Canadian Forces Base Clinton in 1966 and experienced remarkable growth and development as a peacetime training facility for wireless telegraphy . Expansion of the base included recreational facilities , clubs and local sports teams . Following the closure of the base in 1971 the property valued at 40 million dollars , was purchased by a developer for $ 468,000 . It was sold piece by piece to private homeowners and businesses over the next several years . The recreation centre , parkland and the curling club were deeded to the Township .
As a result of amalgamation in 2001 , Vanastra became one of many communities to make up the Municipality of Huron East . In 2013 the municipality and the residents launched the Vanastra Revival Plan to honour the historical international contribution made by CFB Clinton , and to plan for a community revival .
Name
The name is derived from a combination of the name of local real estate developer John Van Gastel and of the RCAF motto , . Van Gastel had purchased four decommissioned Canadian Forces bases , including CFB Clinton , CFS Armstrong , CFS Foymount and CFS Ramore . They held a contest to rename the CFB Clinton and find a new name for the town . Mrs. Margaret Rudd , a resident of Clinton , submitted the winning name Vanastra and received a free home .
History
The initial air base was established by the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) with the purchase of Norman Tyndall 's 100-acre farm located at Lot 46 Concession 1 in Tuckersmith Township ( now part of Huron East , Ontario since 2001 ) , in the spring of 1941 under the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan .
The high bluffs overlooking Lake Huron , ten miles away , was thought to be the perfect place to simulate the coastal conditions in Britain . The objective of radar was to intercept German aircraft before they reached the coast of England . British radar training facilities were always under threat of German bombing , so an alternative training site was necessary .
The site went from farmland to start-up of training in only fourteen weeks . Roads and over 40 buildings were built . The school was ready so quickly that the first group of RCAF trainees had not yet completed their University of Toronto course , and so the first students were American Forces personnel . By the end of the war , over 5,000 Canadian airmen and 750 officers , as well as some 2,000 Americans , were trained in radar technology at Clinton . An August 1945 Time magazine article said : “ The United States students , most of them university men , thought so highly of the school that it later became the model for U.S training centers … [ it is ] the most modern electronics training centre on the continent ” .
The base was like a village in itself . There were 217 housing units , a fire station , a school , a hospital , a theatre , two churches , and facilities for ice skating , curling , swimming and bowling . When it first opened , the base was known as Royal Air Force ( RAF # 31 Clinton ) Range and Direction Finding ( RDF was the British cover name for radar ) .
In 1943 , the Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF Clinton ) took over and the school was renamed # 5 Radio School . In June 1944 the BCATP began to scale back and No 5 Radio School was transferred to the RCAF 's Home War Operations Training command .
Although threatened with closure following World War II , RCAF Station Clinton was , in fact , saved and authorized as a peacetime RCAF Signals School . In November 1945 it became home to the No . 1 Radar and Communications School ( No . 1 R & CS ) , which it co-hosted with nearby RCAF Station Centralia . With military forces ' integration in 1966 , the base experienced remarkable growth and development over the next 24 years including married quarters and barracks supporting recreational facilities , clubs and sports teams .
During the Cold War , RCAF Station Clinton hosted other units , including No . 12 Examination Unit , No . 1 Air Radio Officer School , School of Food Services ( 1945–67 ) , and the Aerospace Engineering ( AERE ) Officer School , the School of Instructional Technique ( 1962–71 ) , and the Guided Missile School ( 1958-early 1960s ) .
After the 1 February 1968 merger of the RCAF with the Royal Canadian Navy and Canadian Army to form the Canadian Forces , RCAF Station Clinton 's name was changed to Canadian Forces Base Clinton or CFB Clinton . With the merger , the Canadian Forces were rationalized and many of its facilities consolidated to avoid duplication . CFB Clinton was closed by 1971 , and its remaining units distributed to other facilities .
Following the closure of the base , the buildings were sold to real estate developer John Van Gastel and now make up the small village .
Transportation
Ontario Highway 4 or London Road is the main road that runs through Vanastra between Clinton and Exeter .
There are no airports located within Vanastra ; the closest major airport is located in London , Ontario .
There is no local or regional bus servicing Vanastra . A pre-registered door to door transportation services operates within Huron County and Perth County .
Notoriety
In 1959 a local resident , Steven Truscott ( aged 14 years at the time ) was falsely convicted for the murder of Lynne Harper and sentenced to be executed . After a 48-year struggle to clear their name , Truscott was acquitted by the Ontario Court of Appeal on August 28 , 2007 .
References
Bruce Forsyth 's Canadian Military History Page
Maccaulay , Horace R. The Military Base at Clinton , Ontario . Ottawa : Horace R. Maccaulay , 2005 . Print .
Whilsmith , Gwyneth J. , ed . Tuckersmith Memories 1935-1985 . Exeter , Ontario : Corporation of the Township of Tuckersmith , 1985 . 274-79 . Print .
External links
- website of the municipality of Huron East
Communities in Huron County , Ontario
Buildings and structures in Huron County , Ontario
Yusefabad-e Qavam ( , also Romanized as Yūsefābād-e Qavām ; also known as Yūsefābād ) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 4,158 , in 991 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
Julia Seitz ( born 14 February 1994 ) is a German ice hockey player for ECDC Memmingen and the German national team . They participated at the 2015 IIHF Women 's World Championship .
References
1994 births
Living people
German women 's ice hockey forwards
Weaver Press is a Zimbabwean independent publisher formed in 1998 in Harare . The press was co-founded by Irene Staunton , who has been credited with `` quietly shaping post-independence Zimbabwean literature '' , and the Press has published many notable African writers . Weaver 's list focuses on books on political and social history , the environment , media issues , women 's and children 's rights , fiction and literary criticism .
Background
Weaver was founded as an independent general publishing company , producing books by and about Zimbabwe , by Irene Staunton and their husband Murray McCartney in Harare in 1998 . McCartney holds the role of director and Staunton is the publisher . Staunton has said : “ Our role developed around the writers and their very particular , very significant voices . Weaver Press set out to publish ... very good fiction , and to try to ensure that some of the important academic research done in the country is made available to a wide readership . ''
Staunton previously co-founded the influential Baobab Books . In their role as publisher at both small presses , Staunton has been an important player in the dissemination of southern African literature - internationally , but also with a focus on making it locally accessible . According to the website of the African Books Collective , Weaver Press is committed to ensuring that `` scholarship and creative writing are made available in their region of origin , and not only in foreign markets . '' In a 2021 interview , Staunton further stated that the company was `` very aware of how often research is done in the country , but published outside , and we have endeavoured to make some of this material available in Zimbabwe . ''
Founding the company was a `` challenging and interesting enterprise '' , Staunton has written , `` with supportive sponsors ... in a developing country and in a new society full of hope . '' Following Zimbabwe 's independence in 1980 , publishers and bookshops flourished . “ Donor funding flowed in support of textbook development and distribution into schools following the expansion of the education system , '' Staunton writes . The highly regarded Zimbabwe International Book Fair was also then still running .
Challenges
However , Weaver Press was formed at the tail-end of this `` heyday '' for the industry , and at the start of a decline as political developments impacted the economy , resulting in a much diminished publishing environment . Weaver managed to remain somewhat insulated from the volatility of this period , Staunton explains : `` To some extent ... Weaver has remained outside the juggernaut that has ridden over the industry because we have never published textbooks , the industry 's beating heart , and over the years we have continued to publish a few novels a year , some history and memoir , and many collections of short stories . '' Tinashe Mushkavanhu , a writer and literary scholar who worked for a period as a publishing assistant at Weaver and calls it `` an ideal place to learn about publishing '' , wrote in 2017 of Staunton 's influence : `` Weaver Press has been the most active publishing concern in Zimbabwe in a struggling economy '' .
Nonetheless , the economic climate has taken its toll , with sales diminishing every year . Even literature texts prescribed for school and universities suffer poor sales . “ In the poorer rural schools , perhaps there will be one photocopied text in the classroom held by the teacher , who will read the novel to the class ... We assume our titles are photocopied , pirated , or sold on and on from year to year , student to student , '' Staunton said in 2021 . Moreover , while Zimbabwe has always produced writers with an international reputation , local publishers used to be able to sell the rights of locally published authors ; now , however , `` Our best writers can be offered advances that no local publisher could hope to recover in a lifetime ... Fortunately , it often happens that they will then make a real effort to ensure that their books do become available locally and at a price that people can afford . '' The company currently publishes only three or four titles a year , and may cease to publish fiction altogether : `` The market for it has disappeared and the costs of development are too high . '' Weaver continues to publish non-fiction , and also does work with NGOs , women 's groups , trade unions and environmental agencies .
Despite the precarity of the publishing industry in Zimbabwe , Staunton believes firmly in its importance . IN 2011 they wrote : `` Good fiction is a valuable way of recording experience in all its diversity and shades of ambivalence ; and I believe that every society should have access to , and be able to discuss and debate , academic theory and analysis – this is how people remain informed , dynamic and able to robustly challenge the sweeping generalisations made by nationalist propagandists . ''
Publications
Weaver Press has published work by some of Africa 's most important literary names , including Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie , NoViolet Bulawayo , Brian Chikwava , Shimmer Chinodya , John Eppel , Petina Gappah , Alexandra Fuller , Tendai Huchu , Sarah Ladipo Manyika , Charles Mungoshi , Yvonne Vera , and others . As Tinashe Mushkavanhu , writes , `` It was the work of writers [ Staunton ] published that always occupied centre stage , winning international accolades , or getting translated . '' The company 's fiction programme was developed with support from Dutch NGO Hivos. , and currently features over 120 Zimbabwean short-story writers , who have featured in their anthologies . Weaver 's non-fiction list focuses on history , politics , development , environmental issues and gender ; they also produce e-books , literary criticism and children 's literature .
Staunton has a lifelong interest in oral histories , particularly the voices of marginalised women and children : `` I began asking myself , after independence : who is collecting the voices , the stories , of rural women ? - women who had been pillars of strength for their families and communities during the war , '' they explained in a 2011 interview . Of their work with children , they write : `` Children have a lot to say when you stop to ask them ; and I believe that having them write rather than speak provided them with a degree of freedom that they might not otherwise have felt . ''
These concerns are reflected in many Weaver books , including those edited by Staunton herself . In a 2009 review of the Weaver publication Women Writing Zimbabwe , Heather Hewitt wrote : `` The publication of Women Writing Zimbabwe speaks to the resilience and resourcefulness of Zimbabweans , as well as to the vision of the founder of Weaver Press , who is still publishing books in Harare … The truths of these stories invite us into different realities ; it is up to us to accept their invitation . ''
References
External links
Weaver Press website
`` Zimbabwean Literary Initiatives : A Conversation with Weaver Press '' , Harare , Pan African Space Station ( PASS ) .
Further reading
Irene Staunton ( 2016 ) , `` Publishing for Pleasure in Zimbabwe '' , Wasafiri , 31:4 ( Print Activism in Twenty-first Century Africa . Guest edited by Ruth Bush and Madhu Krishnan ) , pp . 49–54 . DOI : 10.1080/02690055.2016.1216282 .
Annelie Klother , `` 'You need to have the idea , the vision , and the passion : An Interview with Irene Staunton '' , in Mbongeni Z. Malaba and Geoffrey V. Davis ( eds ) , Zimbabwean Transitions : Essays on Zimbabwean Literature in English , Ndebele and Shona , Matatu 34 ; Amsterdam/New York : Editions Rodopi , 2007 , pp . 211–217 .
Terence Ranger , `` The Fruits of The Baobab : Irene Staunton and the Zimbabwean Novel '' , Journal of Southern African Studies , Vol . 25 , No . 4 ( December 1999 ) , pp . 695–701 . Published online 4 August 2010 .
Book publishing companies of Zimbabwe
Publishing companies established in 1998
São Tomé and Príncipe competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil from 7 to 18 September 2016 . The country 's participation in Rio marked its debut appearance in the quadrennial event , although it had competed in the Summer Olympics six times since the 1996 Games . The delegation consisted of a single short-distance runner Alex Anjos , who was chosen as São Tomé and Príncipe 's flag bearer for the opening ceremony . Anjos was disqualified from the men 's 100 metres ( T47 ) for arriving late and failed to advance into the final of the men 's 400 metres ( T47 ) after failing to set a fast enough lap time .
Background
São Tomé and Príncipe first competed at the Olympic Games in the 1996 Summer Olympics at Atlanta , United States . The country participated in the Olympics on six occasions prior to their debut at the 2016 Summer Paralympics held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil from 7 to 18 September . São Tomé and Príncipe intended to make its debut in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London , United Kingdom , but withdrew days before the multi-sport event commenced for unknown reasons . The country was one of six to make its first appearance in the Paralympic Games : the others were Aruba , Congo , Malawi , Somalia and Togo . The São Tomé and Príncipe National Paralympic Committee sent one short-distance sprinter to the Games , Alex Anjos , who was selected to be the country 's flag bearer for the opening ceremony .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Athletics
Alex Anjos was the first Santomean Paralympic athlete to compete at the quadrennial event and was 25 years old at the time of the Games . They trained at Cape Verde 's national stadium , Estádio Nacional de Cabo Verde , in the months prior to the Games because São Tomé and Príncipe did not have the necessary training facilities for sprinters like them at the time . Anjos set themselves the goal of winning a medal at the Rio Paralympics . They were placed in the T47 category due to them having their left arm amputated . Anjos was disqualified from the second heat of the men 's 100 metres T47 on 10 September due of them arriving late at the Estádio Olímpico João Havelange . Six days later , they were drawn in the third heat of the men 's 400 metres T47 , finishing third out of five finishers , with a time of 50.94 seconds . Anjos was ahead of Hao Wang ( 52.29 seconds ) of China but behind Cuba 's Ernesto Blanco ( 49.68 seconds ) in a heat led by Shane Hudson of Jamaica ( 49.53 seconds ) . Overall , they placed eighth out of seventeen finishing para-athletes , and was unable to advance into the final after finishing 0.52 seconds slower than the slowest sprinter who progressed into the final .
Men 's Track
See also
São Tomé and Príncipe at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in São Tomé and Príncipe
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Custer County , Oklahoma .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Custer County , Oklahoma , United States . The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below , may be seen in a map .
There are 14 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county .
Current listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Custer County
Buildings and structures in Custer County , Oklahoma
OMEGA Engineering is an American instrumentation company headquartered in Norwalk , Connecticut , with its main factory in Bridgeport , New Jersey .
It has sales offices in the United Kingdom , Canada , Germany , China , Brazil , Singapore , Korea , Japan , and Mexico . Local websites are also available for customers in France , Spain , Italy , Denmark , Netherlands , Australia , India , and Chile . OMEGA does business with the United States Navy , NASA and other industrial corporations .
OMEGA has been owned by British-owned conglomerate Spectris plc . since 2011 .
History
The company was founded in 1962 by Betty Hollander at their kitchen table while they were raising 4 children . OMEGA began as a thermocouple manufacturer but slowly transitioned to other types of instrumentation . Today , OMEGA manufactures and sells devices that measure everything from temperature to pH .
Hacking
In 1996 , Tim Lloyd , an 11-year employee of OMEGA and a network administrator within the company , was fired . Three weeks after they were fired , they unleashed a hacking `` time bomb '' within OMEGA 's computer systems , deleting the software that ran all of OMEGA 's manufacturing operations at its factory in Bridgeport , New Jersey . OMEGA spent nearly $ 2 million repairing the programs and lost nearly $ 10 million in revenue , resulting in 80 employee layoffs , though Lloyd 's lawyer stated that OMEGA 's losses were far smaller . Tim Lloyd was convicted of computer sabotage and was sentenced to 41 months in Federal prison . The Tim Lloyd hacking case is considered one of the largest employee sabotage cases in the United States business history . The case also aired in a Forensic Files episode `` Hack Attack '' , episode 39 of season 8 .
Sale to Spectris
In April 2011 , Betty Hollander died , and the company was turned over to their husband Milton Hollander . Later that year , Milton Hollander sold OMEGA Engineering to British-based Spectris plc for $ 475 million . Then , in March 2017 , Spectris was forced to recognize an impairment charge of £115 million with relation to the past acquisition . This charge decreased goodwill and other intangible assets on Spectris ' balance sheet . The charge also decreased its 2016 net income .
Sale to Arcline
On April 19 , 2022 , Spectris announced the sale of Omega Engineering to Arcline Investment Management for $ 525 million . This was more than $ 100 million above the Net Book Value subsequent to the goodwill writeoff that Spectris previously took . Spectris announced a $ 390 million stock buyback as a result of the sale .
References
External links
http : //www2.ca3.uscourts.gov/opinarch/002409.txt US v Lloyd , 3rd Circuit , appeal overturning new trial order and reinstating trial verdict .
1962 establishments in Connecticut
Cybercrime
Sabotage
American companies established in 1962
Manufacturing companies established in 1962
Manufacturing companies based in Connecticut
The Soldiers ' , Sailors ' , Marines ' , Coast Guard and Airmen 's Club is a private social club founded in 1919 and located at 283 Lexington Avenue between East 36th and 37th Streets in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Midtown Manhattan , New York City . It is the only private organization in the New York area accommodating U.S. servicemen and servicewomen at subsidized rates . It also caters to military retirees and veterans and their families .
Mission
According to the club , its mission is :
`` To promote the general welfare of men and women of the Armed Forces of the United States and its Allies , and their families , by maintaining and offering club and lodging rooms ''
History
In 1919 , Cornelia Barnes Rogers and Eleanor Butler Alexander-Roosevelt , wife of Theodore Roosevelt , Jr. , along with General John J. Pershing , founded The Soldiers ' and Sailors ' Club to accommodate servicemen returning from overseas duty in World War I . The Club originally served only active duty enlisted male soldiers and sailors , but it now serves all ranks ( officers and enlisted ) and services , active and retired , of the United States and its allies . With no U.S. government funding , supported solely by guest proceeds and the donations of private citizens , it has accommodated over 2.5 million men and women of the US military and their families .
Currently , about 15,000 such personnel patronize the facility annually . In recent years the SSMAC Club has tended to incur an annual deficit of around $ 350,000 .
One of the largest fundraisers for the club is the prestigious International Debutante Ball held biannually at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York City .
The club was closed and sold in 2018 .
Facility
Since the early 1920s , the SSMAC Club has occupied two adjacent 19th century townhouses on Lexington Avenue between 36th and 37th Streets . These were built in the 1880s as homes for the upper middle class of that period . It is now a 79-bed facility that includes a library with two Internet stations , two large event rooms ( North Lounge , South Lounge ; both on the 1st floor ) , a television room , and a dining room . The walls of both common areas and private rooms are replete with U.S. military memorabilia , especially relating to World War I and World War II . ( Private rooms are dedicated to individual veterans , families and other donors having provided pictures , certificates , etc . A small room at the back of the 1st floor memorializes Lt. Col. ( Prince ) Serge Obolensky . )
See also
List of American gentlemen 's clubs
New York Military Affairs Symposium
References
External links
The SSMAC Club website in Archive.org
1919 establishments in New York ( state )
Clubs and societies in the United States
Veterans ' affairs in the United States
Murray Hill , Manhattan
Gentlemen 's clubs in the United States
United States military support organizations
Clubs and societies in New York City
Woodbury County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 105,941 , making it the sixth-most populous county in Iowa . The county seat is Sioux City .
Woodbury County is included in the Sioux City metropolitan area .
History
Originally established in 1851 as Wahkaw County , the Iowa Legislature in 1853 changed the name to Woodbury County in honor of Levi Woodbury ( 1789–1851 ) , a senator and governor of New Hampshire who served as a Supreme Court justice from 1844 until their death .
The first county seat of Wahkaw County was the now-extinct village of Thompsonville ; when the Legislature changed the county name to Woodbury , the new county seat became Sergeant 's Bluff ( now Sergeant Bluff ) . The county seat was moved to Sioux City in 1856 .
The Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska ( Ho-Chunk ) owns reservation land in Woodbury County .
Geography
The county is on the western edge of Iowa , with its western border being the Missouri River .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water . It is the third-largest county by area in Iowa .
Major highways
Interstate 29
Interstate 129
U.S. Highway 20
U.S. Highway 75
U.S. Highway 77
Iowa Highway 12
Iowa Highway 31
Iowa Highway 140
Iowa Highway 141
Iowa Highway 175
Adjacent counties
Plymouth County ( north )
Cherokee County ( northeast )
Ida County ( east )
Monona County ( south )
Thurston County , Nebraska ( southwest )
Dakota County , Nebraska ( west )
Union County , South Dakota ( northwest )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 105,941 in the county , with a population density of . 90.93 % of the population reported being of one race . There were 42,701 housing units , of which 39,904 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 102,172 in the county , with a population density of . There were 41,454 housing units , of which 39,052 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 103,877 people , 39,151 households , and 26,426 families residing in the county . The population density was 119 people per square mile ( 46/km2 ) . There were 41,394 housing units at an average density of 47 per square mile ( 18/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 87.48 % White , 2.02 % Black or African American , 1.69 % Native American , 2.41 % Asian , 0.04 % Pacific Islander , 4.37 % from other races , and 1.99 % from two or more races . 9.11 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 39,151 households , 34.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.90 % were married couples living together , 11.30 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families . 26.60 % of households were one person and 11.20 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.13 .
The age distribution was 27.30 % under the age of 18 , 10.20 % from 18 to 24 , 28.30 % from 25 to 44 , 20.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.40 % 65 or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females , there were 96.10 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.80 males .
The median household income was $ 38,509 and the median family income was $ 46,499 . Males had a median income of $ 31,664 versus $ 22,599 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,771 . About 7.20 % of families and 10.30 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 13.60 % of those under age 18 and 7.40 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
For much of the second half of the 20th century , Woodbury County tilted Republican , albeit not as overwhelmingly as most of western Iowa . Between 1988 and 2012 Woodbury County was the quintessential swing county in Iowa . No candidate won it by more than 3.5 % over that quarter-century . This was the only county in Iowa that Barack Obama won in 2012 that they failed to carry in 2008 . However , in 2016 , Woodbury County swung over dramatically to Donald Trump , who carried it by a 22 percent margin , the largest margin of victory since Lyndon Johnson 's landslide election in 1964 .
Communities
Cities
Anthon
Bronson
Correctionville
Cushing
Danbury
Hornick
Lawton
Luton
Moville
Oto
Pierson
Salix
Sergeant Bluff
Sioux City
Sloan
Smithland
Unincorporated communities
Climbing Hill ( a census-designated place )
Discord
Holly Springs
Midway
Owego
Townships
Arlington
Banner
Concord
Floyd
Grange
Grant
Kedron
Lakeport
Liberty
Liston
Little Sioux
Miller
Morgan
Moville
Oto
Rock
Rutland
Sioux City
Sloan
Union
West Fork
Willow
Wolf Creek
Woodbury
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Woodbury County .
† county seat
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Woodbury County , Iowa
References
Further reading
Lensch , R.A. ( 2006 ) . Soil survey of Woodbury County , Iowa . Washington , D.C. : U.S. Department of Agriculture , Natural Resources Conservation Service
External links
Woodbury County government 's website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Sioux City metropolitan area
Iowa counties on the Missouri River
Populated places established in 1851
Kurt Voß ( 8 July 1900 – 8 April 1978 ) was a German international footballer .
References
1900 births
1978 deaths
Association football forwards
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Holstein Kiel players
The Trinidadian and Tobagonian ambassador in Washington , D.C. is the official representative of the government of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago to the government of the United States and representative to the Organization of American States .
List of representatives
References
Trinidad and Tobago
United States|
Minneke De Ridder ( born 2 December 1980 in Lier ) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated with the N-VA . They were elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010 .
Notes
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives ( Belgium )
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1980 births
People from Lier , Belgium
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
Local elections was held in Valenzuela on May 9 , 2016 within the Philippine general election . The voters elected for the elective local posts in the city : the mayor , vice mayor , the two Congressmen ( or district representatives ) , and the councilors , six in each of the city 's two legislative districts .
Incumbent mayor Rexlon Gatchalian of Nationalist People 's Coalition won for their second term . Gatchalian 's primary opponent is Magtanggol Gunigundo of the Liberal Party , who was on their third term and term limited as representative to the city 's second congressional district since 2007 .
Mayoral and vice mayoral election
Incumbent mayor Rexlon `` Rex '' Gatchalian is on their first term as the mayor of Valenzuela . Prior to their election as mayor in 2013 , they represented the first district of Valenzuela from 2007 to 2013 . The other candidate for the mayoralty race is the incumbent second district representative Magtanggol `` Magi '' Gunigundo . Gunigundo represented the former lone district of Valenzuela from 1998 to 2001 and the second district of the same city since 2007 , which is now on their third term . As prescribed by the 1987 Constitution of the Philippines , they are barred from running as the representative and they may choose to run into higher or lower office instead .
There are only two candidates for vice mayor 's office : both are members of the city council : first district councilor Marcelino `` Mar '' Morelos and second district councilor Lorena `` Lorie '' Natividad-Borja .
Congressional election
The incumbent first district representative Sherwin Gatchalian is running for a Senate position under Grace Poe 's coalition , Partido Galing at Puso . The youngest of the Gatchalian brothers , Weslie , who is the incumbent representative of Alay Buhay party-list for the House of Representatives , is running for first district . The other candidate is Ritche Cuadra , who is a former member of the city council and unsuccessfully vied for the same post in 2013 . The third candidate is Victor Reponia .
For the second district , incumbent representative Magtanggol Gunigundo is running for mayorship and is barred for running for the same position . Their wife , Adelma , is running for the position instead . Adelma previously vied for the position of mayor last 2013 election . The other candidate for second district representative is Eric Martinez , who is a former member of the city council and the incumbent vice mayor since 2007 .
Election results
The winners of the congressional , mayor and vice mayor seats of Valenzuela City is determined with the highest number of votes received . These positions are voted separately , so there is a possibility that the winning officials came from the same or different political parties .
Mayoral election
Incumbent Rexlon `` Rex '' T. Gatchalian ran for reelection .
Vice Mayoral election
Incumbent Eric Martinez did not run for reelection .
Congressional elections
First district
Incumbent Sherwin `` Win '' Gatchalian ran for the Senate and won . Their brother , Weslie ran against former Councilor Ritche Cuadra .
Second district
Incumbent Magtanggol Gunigundo is running for Mayor , Their wife , Adelma is running against Vice Mayor Eric Martinez .
City council elections
The voters in the city are set to elect six councilors on the district where they are living , hence registered . Candidates are voted separately so there are chances where winning candidates will have the unequal number of votes and may come from different political parties .
Summary
First district
|-bgcolor=black
|colspan=5|
Second district
|-bgcolor=black
|colspan=5|
References
Notes
GM Part of the primary opposition coalition named Team Gobyernong Maasikaso .
TNV Part of the administration coalition named Team Tayo na , Valenzuela ! .
2016 Philippine local elections
Elections in Valenzuela , Metro Manila
2016 elections in Metro Manila
Einselthum is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
`` Miss Sun '' is a 1980 hit for Boz Scaggs first recorded in 1977 by David Paich along with David Hungate , Steve Lukather and Jeff Porcaro .
Background
The four musicians were working as session musicians on Scaggs ' Down Two Then Left album . They also worked on the self-titled album by Lisa Dalbello which was produced by David Foster . Dalbello - with whom Porcaro had formed a relationship - was invited to vocalize on the `` Miss Sun '' track , one of several demos which Lukather , Hungate , Paich and Porcaro cut at Davlen Studios . These demos led to the four musicians being signed to Columbia - Scaggs ' label - as the nucleus of the group Toto . `` Miss Sun '' was never featured on an original Toto album - the demo track was released on Toto XX in 1998 - but in 1980 Scaggs cut the song with Bill Schnee producing and Hungate , Lukather , Paich and Porcaro providing backing : Dalbello chanced to then be in Los Angeles and was invited to replicate their vocal contribution to the original demo . Scaggs ' version of `` Miss Sun '' ( on which the single releases alone credit the songwriting to both Paich and Scaggs ) was the only previously unreleased track on Scaggs ' 1980 compilation album Hits ! which would punctuate Scaggs ' career as a regular album artist , their subsequent releases being spaced several years apart .
As a single , `` Miss Sun '' peaked at # 14 in February 1981 and # 13 Adult Contemporary . Billboard ranked it No . 99 in its year-end survey for 1981 .
The Average White Band also cut the song a few months earlier for their 1980 album 'Shine ' ( produced by David Foster ) but it was left off the initial release and not added until years later as a bonus track .
Personnel
Boz Scaggs - lead vocals
David Paich - keyboards , backing vocals , Moog bass
Steve Lukather - guitar
Jeff Porcaro - drums , percussion
Steve Porcaro - synthesizers
Lisa Dalbello - vocals
Chart history
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1977 songs
1980 singles
Boz Scaggs songs
Toto ( band ) songs
Songs written by David Paich
Songs written by Jeff Porcaro
Songs written by Steve Lukather
High Lonesome may refer to :
Books
High Lonesome : New & Selected Stories , 1966–2006 , a short story collection by Joyce Carol Oates
High Lonesome , a 1962 Western novel by Louis L'Amour
High Lonesome , a 1996 short story collection by Barry Hannah
Films
High Lonesome ( film ) , a 1950 Western film directed by Alan Le May
A Father for Charlie , also released as High Lonesome , a 1995 television film directed by Jeff Bleckner
Places
Coeur d'Alene Mountains , part of the Bitterroot Mountain Range in the Rocky Mountains of North America
Music
High lonesome , a genre of bluegrass music pioneered by Bill Monroe
The High Lonesome , a country band whose lead singer was Larry Poindexter
High Lonesome , an indie rock band named after the short story collection by Barry Hannah
Albums
High Lonesome ( Randy Travis album ) , a 1991 album by Randy Travis
High Lonesome ( Charlie Daniels album ) , a 1976 album by Charlie Daniels Band
High Lonesome ( Country Gentlemen album )
High Lonesome , a 1999 album by Longview
Songs
`` High Lonesome '' , a song by Avail from their 2000 album One Wrench
`` High Lonesome '' , a song by The Gaslight Anthem from their 2008 album The '59 Sound
`` High Lonesome '' , a song by Jesse Malin from their 2003 album The Fine Art of Self Destruction
`` High Lonesome '' , a song by the Caspian from their 2012 album Waking Season
National Highway 167B , commonly called NH 167B is a national highway in India . It is a spur road of National Highway 67 . NH-167B traverses the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.The tenders for phase 1 of this road project covering a road length of 40 km from singarayakonda to malakonda ( local shrine of sri lakshmi narasimha swamy ) have been called on june 21 2021 under Morth annual highway laying plan with a budget outlay of approximately 700crores , A byapss at Kandukur is planned to avoid outbound traffic into town . Works will begin shortly after finalisation of contract work .
Route
Mydukuru , Onipenta , Porumamilla , Kammavaripalli , Rajasaheb Peta , Tekurpeta , Seetharamapuram , Kothapalli , Ambavaram , Ganeshunipalli , Darsi Gunta Peta , Chandrasekharapuram , Kovilampadu , Khamampadu , Bookapuram , Tumalgunta , Pamuru , Nuchupoda , Inimerla , Lakshmi Narsapuram , Mopadu , Botlagudur , Ayyavaripalli , Malakonda , Chundi Ayyavaripalli , Chundi , Valetivaripalem , Pokuru , Nukavaram , Badevaripalem , Bonthavaripalem , Cherlopalem , Kandukur , Malyadri Colony , Oguru , Kanumalla , Singarayakonda
Junctions
Terminal near Mydukuru .
near Pamur .
Terminal at Singarayakonda .
See also
List of National Highways in India by highway number
List of National Highways in India by state
References
External links
NH 167B on OpenStreetMap
National highways in India
National Highways in Andhra Pradesh
Wedgetail may refer to :
Boeing 737 AEW & C , an aircraft nicknamed the Wedgetail
Acanthagrion , a genus of damselflies commonly called wedgetails
Wedge-tail triggerfish
Wedge-tailed eagle
Animal common name disambiguation pages
Viví Arriba is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 748 .
Geography
Viví Arriba is situated at an elevation of south of Viví Abajo , in Utuado , Puerto Rico . It has an area of of which is water .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico and found that the population of Viví Arriba barrio was 1,240 .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado , Puerto Rico
Derek Poundstone ( born September 28 , 1981 ) is an American former professional strongman athlete from Woodbridge , Connecticut who placed runner-up at the 2008 World 's Strongest Man . Derek Poundstone is also a police Sergeant for the Naugatuck , Connecticut Police Department and is the former owner and landlord of an apartment complex and gym .
Strength sports
Poundstone began by competing in powerlifting and progressed to become the Connecticut State Champion . They started competing in strongman after finding an advertisement for a contest on the back of a powerlifting flyer . After earning their Professional Strongman card from the ASC ( American Strongman Corporation ) , Poundstone took two years off competing to enter the Police Academy and become a police officer . They returned to compete in strongman , and placed fifth in the 2006 St. Patrick 's Strongman National Qualifier . Poundstone then went on to place 2nd to the current IFSA World Champion Žydrūnas Savickas in the 2006 World Strongman Challenge contest in Tulsa , Oklahoma . Next , Poundstone placed 5th in the 2006 America 's Strongest Man contest . This earned them an invitation to the 2006 IFSA World Championships . On October 26 , 2006 , two weeks before the IFSA World Championships , Poundstone severely injured their lumbar spine during training while attempting a maximum effort deadlift of 366 kg ( 805 lb ) . Poundstone had a lumbar disc herniation ( L4/5 ) and a massive spinal cord hemorrhage . Doctors told them that they would never lift again due to the severity of the injury .
Poundstone 's return to the strongman competition circuit was the 2007 St. Patrick 's Strongman contest in Columbia , South Carolina . Poundstone won by 13.5 points and overcame their deadlifting injury fear by completing a 364 kg ( 800 lb ) deadlift during the competition . This victory qualified Poundstone to compete in the 2007 America 's Strongest Man contest , which Poundstone won by a record 30 points . Poundstone also qualified to compete in the 2007 IFSA World Championships in Geumsan , South Korea . Additionally , Poundstone received an invitation from Dr. Terry Todd to compete at the 2008 Arnold Strongman Classic , in Columbus , Ohio .
Poundstone also competed in two Team Strongman contests and a Highland Games/Strongman hybrid contest . First was the USA vs. World team contest put on by Al Thompson in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Poundstone and their team ( Travis Ortmayer , Van Hatfield , Nick Best , Walt Gogola ) pulled out an unprecedented victory against three of the top five European strongmen in the World , ( Zydrunas Savickas , Vasyl Virastyuk , and Andrus Murumets ) . Team USA won the first three events and Team World won the next three events . Team USA won with a victory in the final event , the Atlas Stones . Poundstone 's next contest was in Callander , Scotland at the World Highland Games contest . This contest was a Highland Games / Strongman hybrid . Poundstone won the event and set two world records . With Douglas Edmunds present , Poundstone broke Igor Pedan 's 9 rep 125 kg ( 275 lb ) Log Clean and Press World Record by powering through 13 reps , with 130 kg ( 286 lb ) . Poundstone also broke the current World Champion 's , Zydrunas Savickas , 140 kg ( 308 lb ) Block Press World Record by pressing out a 145 kg ( 319 lb ) block . Poundstone 's training partner Tom McClure also competed in Callander and placed 2nd . Poundstone 's next contest was a team contest , the World 's Strongest Nation held in Ukraine . This time Team USA consisted of Poundstone along with Travis Ortmayer , Tom McClure , and Brian Shaw . Team USA placed 2nd overall behind Team Ukraine led by Vasyl Virastyuk .
Poundstone competed in the 2007 IFSA World Championship held in Geumsan , South Korea . Poundstone was in 2nd position throughout the entire competition until the last event . During the final event , Poundstone ripped open their hands during the Farmer 's Walk event , which caused them to drop the implements . Poundstone placed 4th overall in their first appearance at the World Championship , 2 points behind Mikhail Koklyaev and 1 point behind the 2006 World Champ Zydrunas Savickas . Vasyl Virastyuk won the competition , becoming the first athlete to win both the World 's Strongest Man Title and the IFSA World Championships . Poundstone 's performance was the best ever recorded by an American at the IFSA World Championships .
Poundstone decided to compete on the WSM/SS circuit after sufficient political differences with IFSA . Poundstone was called up by Odd Haugen and asked to enter as a replacement athlete into the Mohegan Sun Super Series due to Kevin Nee pulling out with a torn biceps . Poundstone accepted and competed for the first time against Mariusz Pudzianowski . Poundstone defeated the four-time WSM champion and secured a qualification spot for the 2008 World 's Strongest Man contest .
Poundstone competed in the 2008 Arnold Strongman Classic contest , their first appearance at the Arnold . Poundstone would take second place behind Zydrunas Savickas .
On June 29 , 2008 during the 2 day Fortissimus contest , Poundstone became the first American to defeat Zydrunas Savickas . Poundstone and Savickas were approximately 40 points ahead of all the other competitors . Poundstone was the only athlete who managed to lift the 517 lb Louis Cyr Stone and secured their victory and title at the `` Mightiest Man on the Planet . ''
Poundstone became the 2008 Strongman Super Series champion after accumulating the most points throughout the Grand Prix . 1st at the Mohegan Sun , 2nd at Madison Square Garden , and 4th at Sweden earned Poundstone enough to take the overall title .
Poundstone competed in the 2008 World 's Strongest Man competition where they and Mariusz Pudzianowski , Poland 's then four-time champion would go head-to-head in the final event , the atlas stones , with Poundstone leading in points . In the atlas stones , Poundstone gained the lead , but as they lifted the final stone , the stone slipped , falling to the ground and giving Pudzianowski their record 5th World 's Strongest Man title .
Poundstone 's next challenge was the 2009 Arnold Strongman Classic . With Zydrunas Savickas opting to take a year off , the crown was vacant . Poundstone set a new world record with 15 reps in the circus dumb bell event . Poundstone took first place overall , and became only the third man behind Mark Henry and Zydrunas Savickas to win the Arnold Strongman Classic title since its inception in 2002 .
In May 2009 , Poundstone was scheduled to defend their title at the Mohegan Sun Strongman Championship hosted by Giants Live . Poundstone won five of six events , taking second on one event , and took the overall title . Poundstone also set a new world record on the max apollon 's axle clean and press with 415 lbs .
Poundstone competed in the 2009 World 's Strongest Man competition , which took place in Malta , being in fourth place after Brian Shaw , Mariusz Pudzianowski and Zydrunas Savickas .
Poundstone successfully defended their title at the 2010 Arnold Strongman Classic . Leading up to the last event , the timber carry , Poundstone had a 3-point lead over 6-time champion Zydrunas Savickas . Poundstone won the last event and the overall title for a second consecutive time , only the second man to accomplish this feat at the Arnold Strongman Classic . Zydrunas Savickas came in second and Travis Ortmayer came in third place . During the awards ceremony , Poundstone proposed to their girlfriend on stage and they happily accepted .
Poundstone defended their title at the 2010 Mohegan Sun Strongman Championships hosted by Giants Live , winning 3 out of 6 events including the shield carry . This was Poundstone 's third consecutive victory at this contest . Brian Shaw came in second and Stojan Todorchev came in third place .
Shortly before the 2010 World 's Strongest Man contest , Poundstone severely tore their quad muscle and was unsure if they would be able to compete , but they decided to heal and focus on upper body training . Poundstone was able to qualify for the finals and finished in 9th place overall .
Less than 24 hours after the 2010 WSM contest , Poundstone won their 3rd America 's Strongest Man title .
Poundstone is the host of a radio show titled `` Poundstone Power Radio '' which airs every Wednesday from 6-8pm Eastern time , on SIRIUS channel 94 , XM channel 208 , and on Sirius XM Radio internet radio channel 860 . The first episode aired on November 3 , 2010 .
Personal life
Poundstone married fiancée Kristin Nelson on Saturday June 25 , 2011 in Branford , Connecticut 's Trinity Episcopal Church . Poundstone 's training partner Louis-Philippe Jean was a groomsman at the wedding , and fellow strongman competitors Travis Ortmayer and Nick Best attended the wedding . In 2017 Derek and Kristin separated then later divorced . Both have since remarried .
Personal records - strongman
Atlas Stone
252 kg { 555 lb to 42 '' } Unofficial World Record Connecticut
239 kg { 525 lb to 48 '' } { Arnold 's Strongest Man , Columbus , Ohio }
Louis Cyr Stone
241 kg { 530 lb to 36 '' } World Record { Fortissimus - World Strength Challenge , Notre-Dame-Du-Rosaire , Quebec , Canada } ( Louis Cyr lift it up to the top of their shoulder , Derek lift it by fliping it on a small block )
Log Press
130 kg * 13 { 286 lb } - 75 sec time limit , Clean and Press each rep } World Record Callander Games , Scotland }
Overhead Block Lift
150 kg { 330 lb } World Record { World 's Strongest Man 2011 , Wingate , North Carolina }
Circus Dumbbell
{ 227 lb * 11 - 90 sec time limit , Clean and Press each rep } World Record { Arnold 's Strongest Man , Columbus , Ohio }
Car Squat
360 kg * 12 reps { 792 lb } { World 's Strongest Nation 2007 , Ukraine }
Tire Deadlift
363 kg { 800 lb } { USA National Championship Qualifier , South Carolina , U.S . }
Hummer Tire Deadlift
481 kg { 1062 lb } { Arnold Strongman Classic 2012 , Columbus , Ohio }
Timber Frame Carry
{ 1000 lb - 11.59 sec on 36 ' incline ramp } American Record { Arnold 's Strongest Man , Columbus , Ohio }
Super Yoke
500 kg { 1100 lb - 9.59 sec for 32 ' } { Arnold 's Strongest Man , Columbus , Ohio }
Personal records - powerlifting
done in official powerlifting meets in ADAU ( `` Anti Drug Athletes United '' ) as a Junior/ Teen-ager
under powerlifting rules ( no wrist straps , clean lifts )
Squat
Bench Press
196 kg { 430 lb } - November , 2003
→ 20-23 yr old 319 lb class ADAU American Record
Deadlift
289 kg { 635 lb } ( June , 2003 )
→ 20-23 yr old 275 lb class ADAU American Record
311 kg { 685 lb } ( November , 2003 )
→ 20-23 yr old 319 lb class ADAU American Record
Total
750 kg { 1650 lb } ( November , 2003 )
→ 20-23 yr old 319 lb class ADAU American Record
done in official strongman competitions
under strongman rules ( wrist straps , leaning back and hitching allowed )
Deadlift
395 kg { 870 lb } no wrist wraps , with power suit from standard height ( Madison Square Garden Super Series - June 21 , 2008 - New York )
415 kg { 914 lb } with wrist straps from standard height ( World Strongest Man 2011 ' )
481 kg { 1062 lb } Hummer Tire Deadlift - partial deadlift with wrist straps with high bending bar ( Arnold Strongman Classic 2012 ' )
done in the gym ( unofficial )
Bench Press
224 kg { 500 lb } for 3 repetitions raw ( February , 2009 )
265 kg { 585 lb } raw ( May , 2012 ) according to Poundstone themselves
Deadlift
363 kg { 800 lb } for 9 repetitions with wrist straps and power suit , leaning back and hitching allowed ( August , 2009 )
389 kg { 855 lb } from standard height ( recent gym lift personal record - October , 2007 )
413 kg { 910 lb } with wrist straps from standard height ( most recent gym lift personal record - 2011 ' )
Achievements
Professional Competitive Record - [ 1st ( 6 ) , 2nd ( 6 ) , 3rd ( 3 ) - Out of Total ( 19 ) ]
Performance Metric - .923 [ American - .931 International - .915 ]
Arnold Strongman Classic - Columbus , Ohio - 1st Place ( March 6–8 , 2010
America 's Strongest Man ( USA National Championship ) Morgantown , W. Va. - Winner - ( 7/24-7/26/09 )
Fortissimus - Louis Cyr Strength Challenge Montmagny , Quebec , Canada - 2nd place ( 6/24-6/25/09 )
Giants Live ( World 's Strongest Man Qualifier ) - Uncasville , Connecticut , USA - 1st Place ( 5/17/2009 )
Arnold Strongman Classic - Columbus , Ohio - 1st Place ( March 6–8 , 2009 )
World 's Strongest Man - Charleston , West Virginia , USA - 2nd Place ( September 2008 )
Sweden Super Series ( World 's Strongest Man Qualifier ) - Sweden - 4th place ( 8/16/2008 )
Fortissimus - Louis Cyr World Strength Challenge - Notre-Dame-Du-Rosaire , Quebec , Canada - winner ( 6/28-29/2008 )
Madison Square Garden Super Series ( World 's Strongest Man Qualifier ) - New York , New York , USA - 2nd place ( 6/21/2008 )
Arnold 's Strongest Man - Columbus , Ohio , USA - 2nd
Mohegan Sun Super Series ( World 's Strongest Man Qualifier ) - Uncasville , Connecticut , USA - winner ( 1/19/2008 )
World vs. Lithuania Team Competition - Vilnius , Lithuania - 2nd ( 10/27/2007 )
IFSA 2-Man Team World Championship - Vilnius , Lithuania - 3rd ( 10/7/2007 )
IFSA World Championship - Geumsan , South Korea - 4th ( 2007 )
World 's Strongest Nation Team Competition - Ukraine - 2nd ( 2007 )
World Highland Games - Callander , Scotland - winner ( 7/29/2007 )
USA vs. World Team Competition - Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA - winner ( 2007 )
America 's Strongest Man ( USA National Championship ) - Charlotte , North Carolina , USA - winner ( 2007 )
St. Patrick 's Strongman ( USA National Championship Qualifier ) - Columbia , South Carolina - winner ( 2007 )
USA vs. Lithuania Team Competition - Lithuania - 2nd ( 2006 )
World 's Strongest Nation Team Competition - Kiev , Ukraine - 3rd ( 2006 )
America 's Strongest Man ( USA National Championship ) - Charlotte , North Carolina , USA - 5th ( 2006 )
World Strongman Challenge ( USA Grand Prix ) - Tulsa , Oklahoma , USA - 2nd ( 5/19/2006 )
St. Patrick 's Strongman ( USA National Championship Qualifier ) - Columbia , South Carolina , USA - 5th ( 3/17/2006 )
Florida Pro - Am - Florida , USA - 3rd ( 2005 )
Northeast Regional Strongman Showdown - Wilmington , Massachusetts , USA - winner ( 2004 ) earned ASC Professional Strongman card
Connecticut State Powerlifting Champion
References
External links
Derek Poundstone 's official site
Official ASC Professional Athlete Profile of Derek Poundstone
Official YouTube web site of Derek Poundstone
Derek Poundstone - The Viper YouTube compilation , courtesy Garrick Daft
Photos from Callander Games , courtesy Jammach_UK
Derek Poundstone profile at MHPSTRONG.com
American powerlifters
American strength athletes
1981 births
Living people
American municipal police officers
Sportspeople from Waterbury , Connecticut
American landlords
The National Farmers Market Association ( NFMA ) is a nationwide , nonprofit organization created to promote access to fresh food for people across all economic and social barriers , and to educate individuals , communities , food producers and creative artisans about the impact that available and affordable fresh food can have on health and quality of life .
Overview
While the NFMA promotes health and quality of life around farmers markets , it does not seek to compete with grocery stores or supermarkets . The organization recognizes the inherent value in the farmers market as a resource for making connections within a community , especially in areas of the country where grocery stores and supermarkets are not present .
The NFMA operates within a local area by recruiting volunteers that reach out to educate community members , connect people to farmers markets , and help food desert communities learn how to get Farmers Markets into their areas . Food deserts are areas where fresh , quality food is too far to reach or not affordable .
History
The National Farmers Market Association was conceived as a program by a former Meals On Wheels executive director who saw in the communities their organization served a general lack of knowledge about nutrition and the benefits of fresh fruits and vegetables . The group they created that began the NFMA also saw how farmers ' markets became a center for people not just to shop , but to connect with each other , for public service organizations to conduct outreach , for artists and musicians to express their talent and be seen .
Community benefits of the NFMA
The National Farmer 's Market Association ( NFMA ) benefits a community in several ways , including education and economy . An NFMA chapter works to assist local farmers in bringing their products directly to the consumers . The establishment of an NFMA chapter within the local neighborhood centers buying power and education around the local area , creating a bond between local farmers and their communities . Also , in a purchase from an NFMA farmers market , the money stays in a local area , rather than going to growers around the world .
See also
Food desert
Farmers market
Community-supported agriculture
Fresh foods
Farmers Market ( Los Angeles )
Public market
Street food
Street market
Wet market
Farmers
References
Further reading
Chitnis , Christine : Markets of New England , 2011 . Print
External links
USDA Statistics
National Farmers Market Association
Public Health Grand Rounds
Non-profit organizations based in the United States
Eaton and Alsop is a civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire , England . The parish contains five listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England . All the listed buildings are designated at Grade II , the lowest of the three grades , which is applied to `` buildings of national importance and special interest '' . The parish contains the village of Alsop en le Dale and the surrounding area . The listed buildings consist of a church , two farmhouses , a private house , and a milepost .
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Derbyshire
The Fort of Budhayan is a location in the war of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
References
Forts in India
Indian Rebellion of 1857
`` Maniac '' is a song from the 1983 film Flashdance that was written by Dennis Matkosky and its performer , Michael Sembello . The original idea for the song came to Matkosky while watching a news report on a serial killer , which inspired gruesome lyrics that they and Sembello expanded upon after finding a 1980 horror film with the same name . When Flashdance director Adrian Lyne grew attached to the demo of the song used during filming , their music supervisor Phil Ramone requested lyrics more appropriate for their story of a dancer and worked with Sembello to produce a new version for the soundtrack . The new recording was used for a scene in which protagonist Alexandra Owens trains rigorously at home .
After the film became a surprise success , a music video was made using scenes from the film and began airing on the cable channel MTV in May 1983 , coinciding with the release of the single . The song spent two weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and performed well in several countries . Because its video was shown extensively on MTV and Flashdance became the third highest-grossing film of 1983 in the US , Hollywood began to see music videos as a profitable way to market films .
The song thrust Sembello into the spotlight for the first time with personal appearances to promote it and even won Matkosky and them a Grammy for their composition . They included `` Maniac '' on their debut album but made it clear that they would not be putting out a similar song just to capitalize on its success and that they wanted people to forget their hit record and focus on their latest material . Cover versions of the song cropped up in the UK , however , and one recording of a DJ rapping over a remix spent 10 weeks at number 1 in Ireland in 2000 and became the country 's fifth biggest-selling single of all time .
Composition and recording
The general concept for what became the Flashdance hit came to songwriter Dennis Matkosky while watching a news report about a serial killer . They jokingly thought , `` With my luck , this guy lives next door to me , '' and immediately jotted down the lyrics that came to mind : `` He 's a maniac . They just moved in next door . He 'll kill your cat and nail it to the floor . '' They took the idea to their friend Michael Sembello , whose eyes widened with interest when they heard the title . As soon as Matkosky was seated at a piano , Sembello said , `` All right . Hit the weirdest chord you know , '' and they began composing the music . Their inspiration for the bridge came from the Bloodrock song `` D.O.A . `` , a number 36 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1971 that recreated the two-tone siren used on ambulances in England at that time , and Sembello came up with the idea of using `` Chopsticks '' to introduce the instrumental portion of the song . Matkosky said , `` We thought it was a joke because we were n't trying to write a song . We were trying to make our friends laugh . ''
Sembello recalled their usual process for situations where they needed more lyrics : `` Whenever we get an idea , we start researching , but we did n't have Google . '' Matkosky found the 1980 slasher film Maniac and rented it to see if they could come up with more to put in the song . It did provide the additional lyrics they wanted , but the demo they recorded wound up on a tape sent to Phil Ramone , who was looking for songs to use in Flashdance . During the film 's pre-production , the two-tone siren music used in the bridge stood out for the film 's director , Adrian Lyne , who said , `` One of the tunes I 'd heard had a kind of chime in it , that kind of 'bing-bong-bing-bong-bing-bong ' , like that , and I said , 'Let 's use that . Let 's use that as a kind of motive , as a kind of driving thing for a dance . ' '' Lyne had grown accustomed to using the music by the end of filming and wanted it in the final cut , so Ramone asked for lyrics to fit the movie and had Sembello re-record the song .
Music video
Before Flashdance was released on April 15 , 1983 , its distributor Paramount Pictures had doubts that it would do well at the box office . The May 7 issue of Cash Box , however , reported on the surprise success of the film and Paramount 's plan to have Lyne take parts of scenes from it to create music videos to be shown on the cable channel MTV as well as on television programs and at other venues featuring such clips . `` Maniac '' was listed on the reports that MTV provided to Billboard that indicated what videos were in rotation on the cable network and made its first appearance there in the May 21 issue , which indicated that it had been added to their playlist as of May 11 .
Release and commercial performance
The June 4 , 1983 , issue of Billboard magazine included the first appearance of the 7-inch single of `` Maniac '' on the Billboard Hot 100 , where it spent 22 weeks , and the September 10 Billboard marked its first of 2 weeks as the most popular song in the US . It reached number 34 during its 8 weeks on the magazine 's Top Rock Tracks chart that began in the July 30 issue , and also made a number 34 showing over the course of 9 weeks on the Adult Contemporary chart as of the September 3 Billboard . Their September 10 Chartbeat column bemoaned the latter appearance as a `` sign of the times '' , noting that `` AC clearly is n't just for Anne Murray anymore '' , an uncannily prescient assessment considering that the song went to number 1 on the Adult Contemporary and pop charts in Murray 's native Canada just weeks later . It also made the top 10 on the pop charts in Australia , Germany , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Spain , and Switzerland . The 12-inch remix began 15 weeks on the Dance/Disco Top 80 in the June 25 Billboard and eventually got as high as number 6 .
Critical reception
`` Maniac '' was selected as the best song on the soundtrack album by the editors of Digital Audios Guide to Compact Discs , who described how `` it opens with a fast disco drum machine beat , augmented by frantic synthesizers and a pulsating bass line . '' In their retrospective reviews , AllMusic labeled the song as one of their Album Picks from the Flashdance soundtrack and the 1994 Casablanca Records Story compilation .
Awards and accolades
As a single , `` Maniac '' earned Sembello Grammy nominations for Record of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Performance , Male , and a nomination with Matkosky for Song of the Year . As part of the Flashdance soundtrack , it gave them and all of the songwriters who contributed to the album the Grammy Award for Best Album of Original Score Written for a Motion Picture or a Television Special , and Sembello was also nominated alongside all of the other performers on the soundtrack for Album of the Year . `` Maniac '' was nominated for the Academy Award and Golden Globe for Best Original Song , and the music video for `` Maniac '' was awarded Best Editing at Billboard magazine 's Video Music Awards .
Live performances
Some of Sembello 's appearances to promote `` Maniac '' included programs where performers would lip sync to the hit recording of their song , such as Solid Gold , where they appeared on June 18. and American Bandstand , which included a brief interview of them by Dick Clark , on September 10 . At the 56th Academy Awards on April 9 , 1984 , the song was performed live by Lani Hall with Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass .
Legacy and influence
The extensive exposure that the `` Maniac '' video received from MTV and other outlets helped Paramount plug Flashdance for free instead of paying the several million dollars of commercial time for the standard television advertising exposure needed to get the same result . Paramount vice president Gordon Weaver described this approach as `` invisible marketing '' . Flashdance went on to be the third highest-grossing film of 1983 in the US despite having unknown actors and receiving bad reviews , so the new priority for studio marketing departments became evaluating how practical it would be to include popular music in the projects they were looking to release in order to receive similar benefits from such outlets .
Aftermath
In 1983 Sembello said , `` It 's a funny irony that it caught on so , especially since I do n't dance and have never even been to a disco . '' Later they expressed pride in having a number one record after working in the business for so many years , cautioning , `` But , hey , let it die . 'Maniac ' was just a song , and now I 'm on to the next , and I do n't want to rip off the record-buying public by doing a carbon-copy of 'Maniac ' just to make some money . '' They chose to continue working with Ramone on their debut album , Bossa Nova Hotel , which included their number one single and gave them two more US chart hits : the number 34 Hot 100 entry `` Automatic Man '' and `` Talk '' , which reached number 25 on the Adult Contemporary chart .
In May 2010 , Maniac director William Lustig interviewed Sembello and Matkosky to clear up the misconception that their film was what began the process of writing their song of the same name , and they confirmed that the story of how the song originated had been retold incorrectly over the years .
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of the album Bossa Nova Hotel :
Michael Sembello – vocals , guitar , synthesizer bass , producer
Dennis Matkosky – keyboards , synthesizer
Carlos Vega – Simmons drums
Dennis Karmazyn – cello
Phil Ramone – producer
12-inch remix
Credits adapted from the liner notes of the 12-inch single :
John `` Jellybean '' Benitez – remixing
Jay Mark – engineer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
All-time charts
Certifications
Cover versions
The rave act 4 Rhythm made a recording of `` Maniac '' in 1994 that replaced the verses with a more contemporary rap , but the publishers of the original , Warner Chappell Music , `` were n't happy with the change of lyrics and blocked the release '' . They did allow a 4 Rhythm version in which the original verses were rapped , and that recording reached number 28 , the same peak position that Sembello achieved , on the Irish Singles Chart in 1995 . `` Maniac 2000 '' , a performance of Mark McCabe rapping over the 4 Rhythm version , spent ten weeks at number 1 on the Irish Singles Chart and became the country 's fifth biggest-selling single of all time .
French synthwave artist Carpenter Brut performed a heavily remixed version of `` Maniac '' in Paris which was posted to their YouTube channel in 2016 , with vocalist Yann Ligner replacing Sembello 's vocals . It was released on streaming platforms in 2020 . It has since become one of Carpenter Brut 's most critically acclaimed singles .
See also
List of Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles of 1983
List of number-one singles of 1983 ( Canada )
Citations
General and cited references
1983 debut singles
1983 songs
Michael Sembello songs
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Casablanca Records singles
EMI Records singles
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Song recordings produced by Phil Ramone
Songs written for films
Songs written by Dennis Matkosky
Songs written by Michael Sembello
Death Has Deep Roots is the fifth novel by the British mystery writer Michael Gilbert . It was published in England by Hodder and Stoughton in 1951 and in the United States by Harper & Brothers in 1952 . It is basically a classical courtroom trial story but with almost equally important thriller elements juxtaposed with the courtroom scenes . Although Inspector Hazlerigg , who had appeared in all of Gilbert 's earlier novels as a mostly leading character , does play a role in this story , it is only in two brief appearances , once towards the beginning of the book and once again near the end . Two of the three main characters in this book are from previous novels , Major Angus McMann ( They Never Looked Inside ) and Noel Anthony Pontarlier ( `` Nap '' ) Rumbold ( The Doors Open ) . The other leading character , the trial barrister Hargest Macrae , also appears in some of Gilbert 's early short stories .
The novel is the basis of the 1956 Gibraltar Films production Guilty ? , directed by Edmond T. Gréville and starring John Justin as Nap Rumbold .
Plot
The setting is London in about 1950 . Victoria Lamartine , a young French woman working at a small family hotel in Soho , has been arrested for the murder of an English major whom they had previously known in France during the war . Lamartine had been active in the Resistance and , the prosecution now asserts , had had a child fathered by the major , who was liaising with the French maquisards . In spite of being arrested by the Gestapo , they nevertheless bears the child and survives the war . The child dies not long afterwards and Lamartine comes to London to work in the hotel . Since the end of the war , they have been trying to locate the major but in vain . Finally , just before the story opens , they succeed in contacting them and they agree to meet them at the hotel . That evening they are found dead in their hotel room , stabbed through the heart with a deadly technique that the Resistance had developed . Lamartine is quickly arrested and charged with their murder .
Nap Rumbold , a junior solicitor in their father 's London firm , is asked by Lamartine to represent them Nap , who speaks excellent French , had themselves spent four months on dangerous missions with the French maquis in occupied France and is now a retired Lieutenant-Colonel , D.S.O . They are a friend of Major McCann , who had led tanks through France after the D-Day invasion , and asks McCann for help . McMann in turn interviews their friend Inspector Hazlerigg at Scotland Yard . Hazlerigg is not directly involved in the case , but subtly points McMann into a possible direction to take . The rest of the book is divided about equally between courtroom scenes involving Hargest Macrae and various witnesses , and the adventures ( and misadventures ) of Rumbold and McCann as they try to track down witnesses in both England and France who might help bring in a verdict of not guilty . Rumbold , in particular , in trying to uncover new information in France , is put in particular danger by a murderous gang and at one point saves their lives only by a desperate plunge into the Loire River . The final scenes are in the courtroom and with a summing up in Hazlerigg 's office .
Reception and Appraisals
Anthony Boucher of The New York Times said that `` the first 1952 book to reach this reviewer 's desk is one which would n't disgrace any Best-of-the-Year list '' and went on to say that it concerned : ... an important murder trial , with real understanding of courtroom psychology and technique . But the camera eye of the author constantly flashes from this ... to the efforts of two likable and believable amateurs detectives who are striving to assemble last-minute evidence for the defense ; and their adventures , involving maquisards and collaborators from the past , and gold-smugglers and secret agents of the present , make a thriller as wildly exciting as the courtroom scenes are suavely persuasive . It 's hard to recall any technical tour de force of fusion quite so admirably integrated as this . Mr. Gilbert is one of the most accomplished leaders of the new British school of murder writing .
A much later appraisal comes from Barzun and Taylor 's encyclopedic Catalogue of Crime :
There have been many mystery tales based upon the activities of the French Resistance ; few have been good , and fewer stand up to current rereading . This is one of the very best ... Scene of the crime is a small London hotel . Counsel of both sides are excellently portrayed . A gripping tale : one of the author 's triumphs .
Notes
External links
1951 British novels
Hodder & Stoughton books
British mystery novels
Novels by Michael Gilbert
Locke : Live at Club Moscow was filmed live on August 21 , 2016 when Locke took the stage of `` Club Moscow '' at Los Angeles ' legendary Boardner 's by La Belle . This was the final show of the `` Blue Heart '' era promoting their debut EP of the same title . The setlist includes a special performance of Jimi Hendrix 's `` Purple Haze . '' In addition to their backing band The Keys ( Nick Jordan and Daniel Rudd ) this concert features guest appearances from vocalist Kaleena Zanders and guitarist Travis Lee Stephenson . The film can be seen on YouTube .
Setlist
`` # ThisCouldBeUs ''
`` Give It Up ''
`` Style On Fleek ''
`` Rendezvous ''
`` Trojans ''
`` Purple Haze ''
`` KING ''
Personnel
Main
Directed by Doug Locke
Producer : Julien Lasseur
Producer : Jamie Thalman
Editor : Alexander Jellvi
Production Designer : Doug Locke
Camera Operator : Tobias Levene
Production Assistant : Bernice Fonge
Production Assistant : Elizabeth Ramirez
Lighting Design Scoti
Live Sound Mix : Matt Lowry
Sound Mix and Master : Eric Lee McNeely
Colorist : Patrick Maxwell
Band
Guitar : Daniel Rudd
Drums : Nick Jordan
Guest Vocalist : Kaleena Zanders
Guest Guitar : Travis Stephenson
References
Concert films
The ÇOMÜ Hospital ( more commonly referred to as Çanakkale University Hospital ) is the biggest research and teaching hospital in the Western Marmara region of Turkey which serves the area of north Aegean and South-West Marmara regions . The current president and chief executive officer is Dr. Murat Coşar . The hospital is a 160-bed facility that provides patients with a complete range of primary and specialty care services .
It is well respected as one of the leading community teaching and research hospitals in Turkey , affiliated with the Çanakkale Onsekiz Mart University ( ÇOMÜ ) . The University hospital has one of the busiest emergency departments in the country .
The COMU Hospital is staffed by 160 full-time attending physicians 124 of them are also faculty members of the COMÜ Faculty of Medicine . The University Hospital has more than 5,000 admissions , 2,500 births , and 215,000 outpatient visits annually .
History
The hospital was established in 2007 in Kepez district as the teaching and research hospital for the University of Çanakkale Onsekiz Mart School of Medicine . The rapid growth of the area led the hospital to continue to expand to some surrounding medical buildings . In 2012 the Nedime Hanim Site was added to the Hospital network . The new and bigger hospital buildings with 300-bed facility are also under construction . The new medical site is planned in the main campus of the University .
Statistics
Beds : 160
Full-Time Employees : 520
Active Medical Staff : 280
Lecturer Medical Staff : 124
Admissions : 5,000
Average Length of Stay : 5
Emergency Room Visits : 3.500
Trauma Patients : 850
Surgeries :
A Million Annual Budget ( Approximately ) : 35 million Turkish liras
Programs , Services and Clinics
Programs & Services
Accident and Emergency ( Emergency Department )
Post Graduate Medical Centre
Allergy
Anaesthesia
Andrology
Audiology
Back Pain Service
Biochemistry & Immunology
Blood Service
Bone ( Metabolic ) Unit & Bone Density Unit
Breast Unit
Breathlessness Intervention Service
Eye Unit
Health at Work Service
Heart Clinic
IVF
Cancer
Cardiac Rehabilitation Service
Cardiology ( Heart )
Cataract Clinic
Child Development Centre
Children 's Eye Service ( Paediatric Ophthalmology )
Children 's Services ( Paediatrics )
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) - Co-creating Health
Chronic Pain Service
Clinical Immunology
Clinical Investigation Ward
Clinical Pharmacology
Clinical Research Facility
Colorectal Unit
Colposcopy
Critical Care Outreach
Co-creating Health
Community Midwifery Team
Core Biochemical Assay Laboratory ( CBAL )
Cytogenetics & Molecular Genetics Laboratory
Cytology - Cervical/Diagnostic
Day Surgery
Delivery Unit
Department of Medicine for the Elderly ( DME )
Dermatology ( Skin )
Diabetes
Dialysis
Dietetics
Disablement Service Centre
Elderly Medicine
Emergency Department
Endocrinology
Endoscopy
ENT ( Ear , Nose and Throat )
Epilepsy services
Eye Unit
Eye Department ( Ophthalmology )
Familial gastric cancer study
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology , Hepatology and Nutrition ( Paediatric )
Genetics
Genetics laboratories
Genitourinary Medicine ( GUM ) and Sexual Health Advice Centre ( SHAC )
Gynaecology
Gynaecological Oncology
Haematological Laboratories
Haemophilia Centre
Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Cancer Service
Hereditary Diffuse Gastric Cancer ( HDGC ) study
Histopathology
Immunology
Immunology Laboratories
Infection control
Infectious Diseases
Intensive Care Unit ( ICU )
Intermediate Dependency Area
Kidney ( Renal )
Psychiatry Service
Low vision advice and liaison service
Lung Function Unit
Lupus & Vasculitis
Lysosomal Disorders
Major trauma centre
Maternity Services
Maxillofacial Surgery
Medical Physics and Clinical Engineering
Melanoma support group
Mental Health
Metabolic Bone Disease
Microbiology & Virology
Molecular Genetics
Molecular Malignancy Laboratory
Neonatal Services
Nephrology ( Renal/kidney )
Neuro Critical Care Unit
Neurosciences ( Brain and Nerves )
Neurotology & Skull Base Surgery Unit
Nuclear Medicine
Nutrition and Dietetics
Obesity
Occupational Health
Occupational Therapy
Oncology ( Cancer )
Ophthalmology ( Eye Department )
Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery ( Mouth & Face )
Orthodontics
Otolaryngology ( Ear , Nose & Throat )
Otology ( Ear )
Outpatient physiotherapy
Paediatrics ( Children 's Services )
Paediatric Gastroenterology , Hepatology and Nutrition
Paediatric Intensive Care Unit
Pain Service
Palliative care
Patient Advice and Liaison Service ( PALS )
Pathology
Pharmacy
Phlebotomy Service ( Blood )
Physiotherapy
Planned Short Stay Unit
Plastic Surgery
Pleural Service
Porphyria
Post Graduate Medical Centre
Pre-assessment
Prenatal & Neonatal Screening
Psychiatry - Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Mental Health Partnership NHS Trust
Radiology
Radiotherapy
Rehabilitation Medicine
Renal ( Nephrology )
Renal Genetics & Tubular Disorders Clinic
Respiratory Medicine
Rheumatology
Severe Insulin Resistance Service
Skin cancer service
Speech and Language Therapy
Thoracic Unit
Thrombosis Treatment Team
Tissue Typing
Trauma and Orthopaedics
Transplant
Upper Gastrointestinal ( GI ) Unit
Urology ( Urinary Tract )
Vascular Surgery
Vasculitis and lupus service
Virology & Microbiology
Ward information
Wellcome Trust Clinical Research Facility ( CRF )
Women 's Services
Clinics
Children 's Outpatients
Dermatology / Plastic Surgery
Diabetes and Endocrine Clinic
Ear , Nose & Throat ( ENT )
Eye Clinic
Gastroenterology , Neurosciences , Infectious Medicine , Hepatology , Renal
General Surgery
Genito-Urinary medicine
Heart
Medical , Cardiology & Elderly ( DME )
Mental Health
Respiratory ( Chest ) , Allergy & Immunology
Rheumatology
Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery and Orthodontics
Orthopaedics & Trauma
Trauma & Orthopaedics
Urology
The Kepez Site
The main building ( Kepez Campus ) is located at main street in Kepez Square . It was opened in 2007 by the permission of the Turkish National Health Ministry . The hospital underwent an expansion in the 2011 and work was completed with additional bed spaces in early 2012 .
The ÇOMÜ Hospital is a primary multi-care facility ( open 24 hours ) in its area , an Academic community hospital .
Nedime Hanım Site
The Nedime Hanım Site is located at Nedime Hanım Square , Old City .
The Emergency Service ( Department )
The hospital 's Emergency Service operates 24-hours a day , 365 days a year . It is based at Kepez Site . The Emergency Service serves the local population of Çanakkale province as well as adjoining parts of Balıkesir and surrounding area .
See also
List of hospitals in Turkey
References
External links
Official website
Hospital buildings completed in 2007
Teaching hospitals in Turkey
Hospitals in Çanakkale
Hospitals established in 2007
Çanakkale Onsekiz Mart University
Robert Amadas ( before 1490 – 7 April 1532 ) was a London Goldsmith whose clients included King Henry VIII and their courtiers . They were Master of the King 's Jewel House , and one of the Deputy Masters of the Mint .
Family
Robert Amadas was the son of William Amadas , a London Goldsmith . Their father 's will , made in 1491 , names their sons Robert , John , Thomas and William . Robert Amadas is also mentioned in the will , proved in 1490 , of their uncle , John Amadas , also a London goldsmith .
Career
Amadas was trained as a goldsmith by their father . They were a lowys of the Goldsmiths ' Company in 1492 , and 'fully sworn to the Company in 1494 ' . In 1503 they were admitted to the livery . They were one of the Company 's Wardens in 1511 and 1515 , and Prime Warden in 1524 and again in 1530 . The last mention of them in the Company 's records was on 15 January 1532 when their apprentice , Brian Berwycke , was sworn to the Company .
Amadas is said to have been the 'chief supplier of gold and silver to the King and their courtiers ' ; numerous entries in the State Papers record payment to them for gold and silver plate , including plate given by the King as New Year 's gifts . In January 1532 the King 's New Year 's gift to Amadas was 36.75 ounces of plate , while Amadas in turn gave the King 'six sovereigns in a white paper ' . It has been conjectured that Amadas marked their work as a goldsmith with a heart , a play on theirs name .
Amadas served as acting Master of the King 's Jewel House as early as 1524 , and on 20 April 1526 was formally appointed Master , an office which they retained until their death in April 1532 , when they were succeeded by Thomas Cromwell . After Amadas ' death , commissioners appointed to take an inventory of the King 's jewels which had been in Amadas ' custody . Two of the three books of inventory were signed by the King , and all three by Amadas ' widow , Elizabeth .
At some time before 1526 Amadas was appointed one of the deputies to the Master of the Mint , William Blount , 4th Baron Mountjoy . In 1526 the coinage was altered , and a new contract was entered into between Mountjoy and their two deputies , Robert Amadas and Ralph Rowlett , and Amadas ' deputy , Martin Bowes . Shortly thereafter allegations were made of wrongdoing in the administration of the Mint , and in June 1527 a commission of inquiry was set up . The commission reported in February 1528 , and was highly critical of Amadas and Rowlett . In 1530 Lord Mountjoy , disturbed by the declining revenues from the Mint , and suspecting corruption , instituted a lawsuit in the High Court of Chancery against their two deputies . Unfortunately the outcome of the lawsuit is unknown ; however in December 1530 Mountjoy appointed a new deputy for the Mint , the London goldsmith Hugh Welshe or Walshe , who had been one of the members of the commission which had earlier been critical of the work of Amadas and Rowlett .
Amadas refused election as Sheriff of London in 1531 . They made their will on 3 July 1531 , requesting burial in their parish church of St Mary Woolnoth , and appointing their wife , Elizabeth , as their sole executor , and Thomas Howard , 3rd Duke of Norfolk , Sir Thomas More , and Richard Rich as overseers . They bequeathed the King a gold cup of £100 value . Among their other bequests was £5 to John Freeman , who had been apprenticed to them in 1507 and admitted to the livery in 1528 . The will was proved 28 November 1533 . Their stock was inventoried after their death , and put up for sale .
In July 1533 , an Elizabeth Amadas claimed that they had earlier been solicited to become Henry VIII 's mistress . They predicted that Anne Boleyn would be burned as a harlot , and said that men should not be able to set aside their wives , as the King was attempting to do with Catherine of Aragon . Elizabeth Amadas claimed that their own husband had left them They were arrested for their treasonous comments , and it is said that Robert Amadas was ordered to pay several hundred pounds for 'missing plate ' owned by the King .
However Virgoe and others consider this identification to be mistaken , and conclude that the Elizabeth Amadas who made these allegations was likely Elizabeth ( née Buttockshide ) Amadas , the daughter of Anthony Buttockshide of St Budeaux , Devon , and wife of John Amadas ( c.1489–1554/5 ) , sergeant-at-arms to Henry VIII :
Cromwell seems to have treated [ John Amadas ] circumspectly , perhaps because the Mistress Amadas who prophesied against the King and Anne Boleyn and predicted a Parliament of Peace to be held in the Tower may have been their first wife ... Elton 's identification of the prophetess of 1533 with Elizabeth , widow of Robert Amadas , is unacceptable as they married Sir Thomas Neville soon after the goldsmith 's death in 1532 .
Marriage and issue
Amadas married Elizabeth Bryce , the daughter of James Bryce ( d. before 1496 ) by their wife , Elizabeth Chester ( d.1504 ) , and the granddaughter of Sir Hugh Bryce ( d. 22 November 1496 ) , Goldsmith , and Lord Mayor of London in 1485 , and their wife , Elizabeth ( née Ranfield ) , by whom they had two daughters , Elizabeth and Thomasine :
Elizabeth Amadas married Richard Scrope ( d. December 1572 ) of Castle Combe , Wiltshire , and is said to have left as their sole heir a daughter , Frances Scrope , who married Martin Bowes ( d.1573 ) , son of Sir Martin Bowes ( d.1566 ) who had been their grandfather 's deputy at the Mint . According to the Diary of Henry Machyn , they were buried 29 December 1566 . Martin Bowes ( d.1573 ) married secondly , Frances Clopton ( d.1619 ) , the daughter of Richard Clopton and Thomasine Knyvet . After their death , Frances ( née Clopton ) married secondly , as their third wife , Matthew Hutton , Archbishop of York .
Thomasine Amadas was the first wife of Sir Richard Stapleton ( d. 11 January 1585 ) of Burton Joyce , Nottinghamshire , by whom they had a son , Brian Stapleton ( d. 13 December 1606 ) , who married firstly Eleanor Neville , daughter of Ralph Neville , 4th Earl of Westmorland , and secondly Elizabeth Darcy , the daughter of George Darcy , 2nd Baron Darcy de Darcy .
After Amadas ' death , their widow , Elizabeth , married , on 28 August 1532 , as their second wife , the lawyer and Speaker of the House of Commons , Sir Thomas Neville , ( d. 29 May 1542 ) , fifth son of George Neville , 2nd Baron Bergavenny ( 1436–1492 ) , by their first wife Margaret , daughter of Hugh Fenn . Neville had earlier been married to Katherine ( née Dacre ) , widow of George , 8th Baron FitzHugh ( d. 28 January 1513 ) , and daughter of Humphrey Dacre , 1st Baron Dacre of Gilsland , by whom they had an only child , Margaret Neville , who on 1 May 1536 married Sir Robert Southwell . Elizabeth predeceased their second husband .
Notes
References
External links
Will of Robert Amadas , goldsmith of London , proved 28 November 1533 , PROB 11/25/85 , National Archives Retrieved 18 May 2013
Will of William Amadas , goldsmith of London , proved May 1491 , PROB 11/8/577 , National Archives Retrieved 20 May 2103
Will of John Amadas , goldsmith of London , proved 19 February 1491 , PROB 11/8/542 , National Archives Retrieved 20 May 2013
Will of Sir Thomas Neville of Mereworth , Kent , proved 23 October 1542 , PROB 11/29/193 , National Archives Retrieved 20 May 2013
1532 deaths
English goldsmiths
16th-century English people
Year of birth unknown
Year of birth uncertain
Masters of the Jewel Office
Renfroe is a surname of Scottish origin , and a variant of Renfrew . Notable people with the surname include :
Anita Renfroe ( born 1962 ) , American Christian comedian from Atlanta , Georgia , the wife of a Baptist pastor
Earl W. Renfroe ( 1907–2000 ) , innovator in the field of orthodontics and in breaking down the barriers of racism
Gilbert Renfroe ( born 1963 ) , former professional football quarterback
Hunter Renfroe ( born 1992 ) , baseball player
Laddie Renfroe , former Major League Baseball pitcher
Leon Renfroe Meadows , the second president at East Carolina Teachers College
Marshall Renfroe ( 1936–1970 ) , Major League Baseball pitcher
Moses Renfroe , one of a group of settlers who arrived in middle Tennessee in 1780 with James Robertson , the founder of Nashville
Owen Renfroe , American television soap opera director and former editor
Scott Renfroe ( born 1966 ) , legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado
See also
Renfro ( surname )
Renfrow ( surname )
References
Surnames of Scottish origin
is a Japanese animator and director . They are best known for working as director on the Studio Ghibli film The Cat Returns .
History
Morita was born in Fukuoka Prefecture and graduated from Fukuoka Kenritsu Chikushikoto School . During their high school days , they produced an independent animated film called , which won a prize in an animation magazine contest at the time . One of the production staff members for the film was Katsuyuki Toda , who later became a manga artist .
After graduating from the Department of Mechanical Engineering , Faculty of Engineering at Fukuoka University , they joined the animation production company Shaft . Their first work as an animator was Hiatari Ryōkō ! . Afterwards , they became a freelancer and worked as an inbetweener on movies such as Akira and Kiki 's Delivery Service , a key animator for Roujin Z , Hashire Melos ! , Memories , Perfect Blue and many others , and an episode director for the OVA Golden Boy . Being an animator who cares about fundamentals , Morita even danced the choreography for the idols in Perfect Blue .
Other Studio Ghibli productions they have worked on include My Neighbors the Yamadas and Koro no Daisanpo , a short film for the Ghibli Museum . This led to them being selected to direct The Cat Returns . In 2007 , they directed their first TV series , Bokurano : Ours .
On February 27 , 2011 , they were elected as director for the Japanese Animation Creators Association . They retired in June 2015 after serving on the board of directors for approximately four years .
Until mid-2017 , they worked at Polygon Pictures , a digital animation production company , and was involved in the management of ACTF , a forum themed around digital animation . They are currently working as a freelancer .
Controversy
During the production of the anime adaptation of Bokurano , Morita posted progress reports and held Q & A sessions about the aired episodes on their blog . There were various comments from the viewers such as criticism , support and inquiries . On the same blog , Morita stated , `` I dislike the original work , and I admit that I made some malicious changes to the original when making it into an animation . '' In response to this , not only did viewers criticize the adaptation of Bokurano , but many also criticized Morita himself .
Later , Morita explained , `` The word 'dislike ' that I used towards the original work was misleading so I 'll correct myself . The original manga is good and full of mysteries , and I think it was worth adapting . I wrote that I 'disliked ' the original story simply because there was so much mystery there , and because of the hardships involved . I was wrong to easily blame my personal 'dislike ' and 'malice ' for the criticisms written about the quality of my work . There is no escaping the fact that we have our own interpretation of the greatest mystery of all : why do the children die . ''
In a Monthly Ikki magazine interview with the original author Mohiro Kitoh , Morita said , `` I was half-forced to say [ that I 'dislike ' it ] , '' to which Kitoh replied , `` I 'm sure you were ( laughs ) '' and `` On the contrary , you 've shown some good stuff ( laughs ) . ''
Filmography
TV Anime
Hiatari Ryōkō ! ( 1987 ) - in-between animation
Lupin III : Bye Bye Liberty Crisis ( 1989 ) - key animation
Famous Dog Lassie ( 1996 ) - key animation
Rurouni Kenshin ( 1996-1998 ) - opening key animation
The Adventures of Mini-Goddess ( 1998 ) - storyboard
Master Keaton ( 1998 ) - key animation
Texhnolyze ( 2003 ) - key animation
Planetes ( 2004 ) - key animation
Paranoia Agent ( 2004 ) - key animation
Koi Kaze ( 2004 ) - storyboard
Uninhabited Planet Survive ! ( 2004 ) - storyboard
Monster ( 2004-2005 ) - storyboard , key animation
Noein : To Your Other Self ( 2006 ) - storyboard
Witchblade ( 2006 ) - storyboard
Bokurano : Ours ( 2007 ) - director , storyboard , episode director , key animation
Dennō Coil ( 2007 ) - key animation
Himitsu – Top Secret ( 2008 ) - storyboard , opening key animation
Black Butler ( 2009 ) - storyboard
Birdy the Mighty ( 2009 ) - storyboard
Valkyria Chronicles ( 2009 ) - storyboard
Umineko When They Cry ( 2009 ) - storyboard
Transformers : Animated ( season 3 ) ( 2009 ) - storyboard
Anohana : The Flower We Saw That Day ( 2011 ) - storyboard
Bunny Drop ( 2011 ) - storyboard
Working ! ! ( 2011 ) - storyboard
Inu × Boku SS ( 2012 ) - storyboard
Episode of Luffy : Adventure on Hand Island ( 2012 ) - director , storyboard , unit director ( with Mitsuru Hongō )
Knights of Sidonia ( 2014 ) - storyboard
Knights of Sidonia : Battle for Planet Nine ( 2015 ) - storyboard
Ajin : Demi-Human ( 2016 ) - storyboard
The Reflection ( 2017 ) - storyboard
Just Because ! ( 2017 ) - storyboard
Attack on Titan ( 2018 ) - storyboard
Gleipnir ( 2020 ) - storyboard
OVA
Record of Lodoss War ( 1990 ) - key animation
JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure ( 1993-1994 ) - key animation
Golden Boy ( 1995-1996 ) - storyboard , episode director
Film
Akira ( 1988 ) - in-between animation
Kiki 's Delivery Service ( 1989 ) - in-between animation
Roujin Z ( 1991 ) - key animation
Hashire Melos ! ( 1992 ) - key animation
Memories ( 1995 ) - key animation
Perfect Blue ( 1998 ) - key animation
Spriggan ( 1998 ) - key animation
My Neighbors the Yamadas ( 1999 ) - key animation
Tenchi Forever ! The Movie ( 1999 ) - storyboard , unit director , key animation
Koro no Daisanpo ( 2002 ) - key animation
The Cat Returns ( 2002 ) - director
Ghost in the Shell 2 : Innocence ( 2004 ) - key animation
Keroro Gunsō the Super Movie ( 2006 ) - key animation
Tales from Earthsea ( 2006 ) - key animation
Doraemon : Nobita 's Great Battle of the Mermaid King ( 2010 ) - key animation
Doraemon : Nobita and the New Steel Troops—Winged Angels ( 2011 ) - key animation
One Piece 3D : Mugiwara Chase ( 2011 ) - storyboard cooperation
Fullmetal Alchemist : The Sacred Star of Milos ( 2011 ) - key animation
Doraemon : Nobita and the Island of Miracles—Animal Adventure ( 2011 ) - key animation
A Letter to Momo ( 2012 ) - key animation
The Tale of the Princess Kaguya ( 2013 ) - key animation
Hakuoki : Warrior Spirit of the Blue Sky ( 2014 ) - key animation
Knights of Sidonia ( 2015 ) - storyboard production
Ajin : Demi-Human ( 2015 ) - storyboard
Godzilla : Planet of the Monsters ( 2017 ) - assistant director , storyboard
Godzilla : City on the Edge of Battle ( 2018 ) - assistant director , storyboard
Pokémon the Movie : The Power of Us ( 2018 ) - storyboard
NiNoKuni ( 2019 ) - assistant director , unit director
References
External links
Hiroyuki Morita 's Blog
1964 births
Living people
Anime directors
Japanese animated film directors
Japanese animators
People from Fukuoka Prefecture
Studio Ghibli people
The East Geelong Football Club , nicknamed the Eagles , is an Australian rules football and netball club based in the Geelong suburb of East Geelong . The club teams currently compete in the Geelong & District Football League .
Since the club 's formation in 1879 , the club has been known as East Geelong ( 1879-1892 , 1907-1979 , 2000-present ) , Marylebone ( 1893-1906 ) , and Eastern Suburbs ( 1980-1999 ) .
In 1979 , East Geelong were a founding club of the Geelong Football League , only to return to the Geelong & District Football League the following year .
Premierships
Reference :
References
External links
Facebook page
SportsTG website
Geelong Football League clubs
Sport clubs established in 1879
Australian rules football clubs established in 1879
1879 establishments in Australia
Geelong & District Football League clubs
Netball teams in Victoria ( Australia )
Patrick Kenji Takahashi ( born September 6 , 1940 , in Honolulu , Hawaii ) is an American biochemical engineer and popular science writer . They have published more than a hundred scientific papers and written four books . They are director emeritus of the Hawaii Natural Energy Institute at the University of Hawaii .
Biography
Takahashi was born in Honolulu , Hawaii on September 6 , 1940 , the son of Doris and Stanley Takahashi . They attended public schools in Honolulu and in 1962 obtained a B.S . degree in chemical engineering from Stanford University . They went on to work for the sugar industry in Hawaii until 1968 , when they were sent by the industry for graduate work in sugar engineering at Louisiana State University , where in 1971 they obtained a PhD in biochemical engineering , with a dissertation entitle “ Tunable Laser Irradiation of Escherichia coli . ”
They began teaching in the College of Engineering at the University of Hawaii courses such as computer programming , environmental engineering and technology & society . Their first research program was funded by the National Science Foundation Research Applied to National Needs program on geothermal reservoir engineering .
They spent an assignment with the NASA Ames Research Center in 1976 on SETI , where they advanced a concept to directly detect extrasolar planets , following suggestions by Charles Townes . The faculty team published a book entitled , Project Orion . They subsequently spent two summer assignments with the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory on laser fusion .
In the mid-1970s they served as chairperson of the Wind Energy Division of the American Solar Energy Society and helped develop the wind power engineering program for the State of Hawaii . In 1979 , Takahashi became a Special Assistant to U.S . Senator Spark Matsunaga and drafted bills relating to hydrogen and ocean thermal energy conversion .
They returned to the University of Hawaii in 1982 as professor of engineering and co-founded the Pacific International Center for High Technology Research . For a decade they held a dual role as director of Hawaii Natural Energy Institute and vice president of development for PICHTR , where their team obtained net positive energy for a U.S. Department of Energy open cycle ocean thermal energy conversion facility at the Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii . They also helped initiate a biomass to methanol project for the center . Each project was budget for approximately $ 25 million . From the mid-1980s into the 1990s , they supervised over research for producing energy from algae . and hydrogen . Over a three-year period , from 1987 to 1989 , they hosted a series of workshops to develop an open ocean system to produce hydrogen from sunlight , marine microbes and genetic engineering .
In the 1990s , their interest began to focus on the Blue Revolution , to utilize the nutrient rich deep ocean water , in combination with surface waters , to produce marine biomass plantations , next generation fisheries and sustainable fuels , while remediating global warming and preventing the formation of hurricanes . In 1992 they were the principal investigator of a blue-ribbon panel convened by the National Science Foundation and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to develop a national plan for ocean resources , and produced U.S . Ocean Resources 2000 . In 2003 , they were asked by UNESCO of the United Nations to present to the biennial meeting of the International Oceanographic Commission in Paris the Anton Bruun Memorial Lecture , presenting a case for the Blue Revolution as an international mission .
For past 15 years Professor Takahashi has also been involved with hydrogen , and in the mid-1990s chaired the U.S. Secretary of Energy 's Hydrogen Technical Advisory Panel , which produced the Green Hydrogen Report , which served as the basis for funding the national hydrogen research program . They have widely published in this field , and currently coordinates a biohydrogen program funded by the U.S. Department of Energy .
Their book , Simple Solutions for Planet Earth , , covers a variety of environmental and energy problems and potential solutions .
References
1940 births
Living people
American chemical engineers
Louisiana State University alumni
People from Honolulu
Stanford University alumni
University of Hawaiʻi faculty
American academics of Japanese descent
Flemming Jensen is a Danish lightweight rower .
At the 1982 World Rowing Championships in Lucerne , they won a bronze medal with the lightweight men 's four . At the 1983 World Rowing Championships in Duisburg , they started with the lightweight men 's eight and came third . They won a gold medal at the 1984 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men 's eight . At the 1986 World Rowing Championships in Nottingham , they won another bronze medal with the lightweight men 's eight . At the 1987 World Rowing Championships in Copenhagen , they came fifth with the lightweight men 's four .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
Jerzy Kazimierz Kłoczowski ( 29 December 1924 , Bogdany Wielkie , Poland – 2 December 2017 ) was a Polish historian , professor at the John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin , and former member of the Polish Senate . During World War II , Kłoczowski was a soldier of the Home Army ( Armia Krajowa ) and participated in the Warsaw Uprising , where they were seriously injured and lost their right hand . On leaving the military hospital in April 1945 , they went to Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań and then to Nicolaus Copernicus University in Toruń , where they earned a degree and a Ph.D. ( 1950 ) .
Member of the anti-communist Solidarity movement – after the fall of communism in Poland , Kłoczowski was elected Senator and member of the Commission for Foreign Affairs of the Senate , as well as the representative of the Polish Parliament at the Council of Europe .
Early and private life
Jerzy Kłoczowski was son of Eugeniusz , a landlord , and Irena née Cichowska . They attended Gimnazjum im . Adama Mickiewicza ( Adam Mickiewicz High School ) in Warsaw since 1937 .
In 1947 they married Krystyna Minkiewicz . They had five children : Piotr , Paweł , Jan , Isia and Anna .
Career
Kłoczowski served as Professor of history at the Catholic University of Lublin , and Director of the Institute of East-Central Europe in Lublin , as well as Chair of the International Federation of Institutes of East-Central Europe , Chair of the Polish Commission of the Comparative History of Churches , Vice-Chair of the International Commission of the Comparative History of Churches , and Chair of the Polish Commission for UNESCO . They were a former member of the UNESCO Executive Board , fellow of Collegium Invisibile , and the first president of the Joint Committee of UNESCO and International Committee of Historical Sciences ( ICHS ) .
Jerzy Kłoczowski was a former lecturer at the Collège de France ( 1977 ) , Merton College ( Oxford University , 1980 ) , University of Wisconsin–Madison ( 1985 ) , Paris-Sorbonne University ( 1985–1987 ) , Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton ( 1989–1990 ) , College of Europe in Natolin , Warsaw ( from 1997 ) . They were a Doctor honoris causa of University of Grodno ( 1993 ) , Kiev-Mohyla Academy ( 1998 ) , Free University of Berlin ( 1998 ) and Sorbonne ( 1999 ) . They were awarded the Order of the White Eagle , Virtuti Militari , Cross of Merit with Swords and Cross of Valor by the Polish government .
Public protest
Professor Kłoczowski became a target of a slanderous controversy , resulting from an article published in Najwyższy Czas ! magazine on September 11 , 2004 ( No . 37/747 ) by Stanisław Michalkiewicz . Michalkiewicz alleged that Kłoczowski could be the same person as the SB security agent pseudonym `` Historyk '' ( Historian ) recruited in 1961 , and listed in the secret communist archives held by the Institute of National Remembrance .
Michalkiewicz wrote again about Prof. Kłoczowski for the Paris-based La Voix Catholique ( The Catholic Voice ) on November 7 , 2004 . Their article resulted in a widely publicized official protest printed by Rzeczpospolita on November 13/14 , 2004 , and signed by 35 academics and prominent politicians such as Tadeusz Mazowiecki , Władysław Bartoszewski and film director Andrzej Wajda . The letter of protest explained that the slanderous memo ( known as `` Fałszywka '' in Polish ) was invented by the security service itself . The public protest was joined by the Catholic University of Lublin . Michalkiewicz was denied access to IPN archives in a decision that spurred further controversy lasting for several years . They were also discharged from La Voix Catholique .
Death
Kłoczowski died on 2 December 2017 , four weeks before their 93th birthday .
Major publications
Jerzy Kłoczowski is an author and editor of about 1,000 publications including :
Wspólnoty chrześcijańskie ( Christian Communities ) , 1964
Europa Słowiańska w XIV-XV wieku ( Slavic Europe in 14th-15th Centuries ) , 1984
Histoire religieuse de la Pologne ( Religious History of Poland ) , 1987
La Pologne dans l'Église medievale ( Poland in the Medieval Church ) , 1993
East Central Europe in the historiography of the countries of the region , 1995
Młodsza Europa . Europa Środkowo-Wschodnia w kręgu cywilizacji chrześcijańskiej średniowiecza ( The Younger Europe . East-Central Europe in the Middle Ages Christian Civilisation Circle ) , 1998
A History of Polish Christianity , 2000
L'héritage historique de la Res Publica de Plusieurs Nations ( Historic Heritage of the Commonwealth of Two Nations ) , 2004
Central Europe between East and West , 2005
La Pologne et l'Europe , du partage à l'élargissement ( XVIIIe-XXIe siècles ) , 2007
References
External links
Short biography , UNESCO website
Full biography , Institute of East-Central Europe
1924 births
2017 deaths
John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin faculty
20th-century Polish historians
Polish male non-fiction writers
Academics of the University of Oxford
Nicolaus Copernicus University in Toruń alumni
University of Paris faculty
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
Members of the Senate of Poland 1989–1991
Fellows of Collegium Invisibile
College of Europe faculty
People from Przasnysz County
Recipients of the Cross of Merit with Swords ( Poland )
Recipients of the Cross of Valour ( Poland )
Osvaldo Cavandoli ( 1 January 1920 – 3 March 2007 ) , also known by their pen name Cava , was an Italian cartoonist . Their most famous work is their series of short animated cartoons , La Linea ( `` The Line '' ) .
Early life , family and education
Cavandoli was born in Maderno sul Garda , Italy , on the shores of Lake Garda . They and their family moved to Milan when they were two years old . ( He was later made an honorary citizen of the city . )
Career
From 1936 to 1940 , they worked as a technical designer for Alfa Romeo . When they developed their interest in cartoons in 1943 , they started working with Nino Pagot , who later created Calimero . In 1950 they started working independently as a director and a producer .
La Linea
Cavandoli enjoyed worldwide recognition in 1969 with their character La Linea , a simply drawn cartoon born and lived out of a single white pencil stroke . Cavandoli initially proposed their work for Carosello , an Italian advertisement break broadcast between 1957 and 1977 . Massimo Lagostina , the owner of a popular eponymous brand of cookware , chose it as a testimonial for their advertising campaign . Following the success of the commercial , La Linea became the protagonist of an animated series subsequently adopted in many European countries .
Personal life and demise
Cavandoli died in Milan , Italy , at age 87 .
References
1920 births
2007 deaths
Italian animators
Italian animated film directors
Italian animated film producers
Italian cartoonists
Central Kerema Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Gulf Province , Papua New Guinea .
Wards
01 . Uaripi ( Tairuma language speakers )
02 . Mei ' i
03 . Lapari
04 . Mirakere
05 . Didimaua
06 . Uriri ( Kaki Ae language speakers )
07 . Silo
08 . Uamai No . 1
09 . Uamai No . 2
10 . Karama
11 . Pukari
12 . Koaru
13 . Meporo
14 . Mamavu
References
Local-level governments of Gulf Province
Nicolás Cavigliasso ( born 3 September 1991 ) is an Argentine four-wheeler motorcycle rider . In 2017 , they won the Merzouga Dakar Series in Morocco ( Six Day Dakar ) , and they were Argentine champion of Quadcross X , 4x2 ATV Quads .
They won the 2019 Dakar Rally in the quad category from start to finish , winning 9 of the 10 stages .
References
Sportspeople from Córdoba Province , Argentina
1991 births
Living people
Enduro riders
Argentine motorcycle racers
Dakar Rally motorcyclists
Dakar Rally winning drivers
Off-road motorcycle racers
Carl S. Burtness ( April 30 , 1882 – April 22 , 1954 ) was an American business person and politician .
Burtness was born in Wilmington Township , Houston County , Minnesota . They went to Breckinridge Institute in Decorah , Iowa and to University of Minnesota Farm School . Burtness lived in Caledonia , Minnesota with their wife and family . They were a farmer and was involved with the insurance business . Burtness served as the Wilmington Township Clerk for twenty-one years . They also served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1943 to 1950 . They died at Lutheran Hospital in La Crosse , Wisconsin .
References
1882 births
1954 deaths
People from Caledonia , Minnesota
University of Minnesota alumni
Businesspeople from Minnesota
Farmers from Minnesota
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Virginia 's 33rd Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Senate of Virginia . It has been represented by Democrat Jennifer Boysko since a 2019 special election to replace fellow Democrat Jennifer Wexton , who had been elected to Congress .
Geography
District 33 is split between Loudoun and Fairfax Counties in the suburbs of Washington D.C. , including some or all of Leesburg , Cascades , Ashburn , Sterling , Brambleton , McNair , and Herndon . Washington Dulles International Airport is also within the district lines .
The district overlaps with Virginia 's 10th and 11th congressional districts , and with the 10th , 32nd , 33rd , 34th , 36th , 67th , 86th , and 87th districts of the Virginia House of Delegates . It borders the state of Maryland .
Recent election results
2019
2019 special
2015
2014 special
2011
Federal and statewide results in District 33
Historical results
All election results below took place prior to 2011 redistricting , and thus were under different district lines .
2007
2006 special
2003
1999
1998 special
1995
List of members
References
Virginia Senate districts
Government in Fairfax County , Virginia
Government in Loudoun County , Virginia
Mohammed bin Hashim al-Awadhy ( Arabic : العوضي هاشم بن محمد ) was a Qatari militant and the coordinator and promoter of the `` Wa Atasemo for the Relief of Our People in Syria '' Islamic charity organization . Mohammed was the son of Hisham al-Awadhy , a Qatari business person . Mohammed was killed in battle in northeastern Syria in early 2015 . It is believed that they were fighting with Ahrar al-Sham at the time , although ISIS supporters have also labeled al-Awadhy as a `` martyr . ''
Family
Mohammed al-Awadhy was the son of Hashim al-Awadhy , Hashim al-Awadhy is the owner of Rabia TV , a media outlet in support of the Muslim Brotherhood , and serves as the Director of the Media Center at Eid Charity , an organization with ties to Hamas and founded by Specially Designated Global Terrorist al-Nuaymi .
Wa Atasemo for the Relief of Our People in Syria
`` Wa Atasemo for the Relief of Our People in Syria '' is a defunct Islamic charitable organization announced in 2013 . Pictures on Wa Atasemo 's social media accounts have shown the delivery of relief materials including blankets , food , and wheelchairs to Syrians in need . Wa Atasemo has called for donations of 950 Qatari Riyals ( approximately $ 260 ) to support the campaign and its missions . In 2014 , Mohammed al-Awadhi claimed that the charity had received donations from `` kind people '' in Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , and the UAE .
Mohammed bin Hashim al-Awadhy 's name and phone number is featured on the picture distributed on social media to promote the charity . In addition , al-Awadhy commonly promoted the campaign from their personal social media accounts . On Twitter , the Wa Atasemo account only follows the account of Mohammed al-Awadhy .
A large number of the accounts following Wa Atasemo 's Twitter page are supporters of ISIS as well as other Salafist groups in Syria .
Death
Reports of Mohammed al-Awadhy 's death surfaced in February 2014 . It is reported that they were found dead in northern Syria on the path between Binnish and Taftanaz , two towns in the Idlib Governorate in northwestern Syria . Although al-Awadhy was referred to as a `` Qatari recruit '' , it is unclear which group they were fighting for Syria . Multiple reports and social media posts have tied al-Awadhy to Ahrar al-Sham . However , al-Awadhy was also described as member of the `` convoy of martyrs '' by media outlets that support ISIS and a former member of the `` Raqqa Province , '' the headquarters of ISIS .
References
Year of birth missing
2015 deaths
Qatari activists
Erika Molnar ( born 15 July 1976 in Budapest ) is an athlete from Hungary , who competes in triathlon . Molnar competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . They took twenty-third place with a total time of 2:05:39.50 .
They competed again four years later at the 2004 Summer Olympics . Them time of 2:17:53.38 put them in thirty-eighth place .
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Hungarian female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Hungary
Sportspeople from Budapest
Duathletes
The Diocese of Ravello e Scala ( Latin : Dioecesis Ravellensis et Scalensis ) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Ravello on the Amalfi Coast in the province of Salerno , Campania , southern Italy . In 1818 , it was suppressed .
Ordinaries
Diocese of Ravello
Erected : 1086
Latin Name : Ravellensis
Benedetto de Pradosso ( 16 Feb 1418 – 1432 Died )
...
Bernardino de Soria , O.F.M . ( 23 Feb 1529 – 2 Jun 1536 Appointed , Bishop of Venafro )
...
Lodovico Beccadelli ( Lodovico Beccatelli ) ( 27 May 1549 – 19 Sep 1555 Appointed , Archbishop of Dubrovnik )
Ercole Tambosi ( 19 Sep 1555 – 1570 Died )
Paolo Fusco ( 25 Sep 1570 – 17 Feb 1578 Appointed , Bishop of Sarno )
Emilio Scataratica ( 17 Mar 1578 – 11 Nov 1590 Died )
Paolo De Curtis , C.R . ( 26 Apr 1591 – 15 Mar 1600 Appointed , Bishop of Isernia )
Antonio de Franchis , C.R . ( 31 Jul 1600 – 1603 Resigned )
Diocese of Ravello e Scala
United : 31 July 1603 with the Diocese of Scala
Francesco Bennio de Butrio , O.S.M . ( 30 Jul 1603 – 19 Jan 1617 Died )
Michele Bonzi , O.F.M . ( 13 Mar 1617 – 1623 Died )
Onorio de Verme ( Honuphrius a Verme ) ( 29 Jul 1624 – 1637 Died )
Celestino Puccitelli , B . ( 17 Aug 1637 – 14 Sep 1641 Died )
Bernardino Panicola ( 15 Dec 1642 – 10 Nov 1666 Died )
Giuseppe Saggese ( 16 Mar 1667 – 18 Feb 1694 Died )
Luigi Capuani ( Ludovico Capulani ) ( 15 Mar 1694 – 14 Dec 1705 Appointed , Bishop of Gravina di Puglia )
Nicolò Rocco ( 22 Feb 1706 – 21 Feb 1707 Appointed , Bishop of Cassano all'Jonio )
Giuseppe Maria Perrimezzi , O.M . ( 11 Apr 1707 – 26 Feb 1714 Appointed , Bishop of Oppido Mamertina )
Nicola Guerriero ( 6 Apr 1718 – 30 Apr 1732 Died )
Antonio Maria Santoro , O.M . ( 9 Jun 1732 – 10 May 1741 Died )
Biagio Chiarelli ( 26 Nov 1742 – 31 May 1765 Died )
Michele Tafuri ( 5 Aug 1765 – 1 Jun 1778 Appointed , Bishop of Cava de ' Tirreni )
Nicola Molinari , O.F.M . Cap . ( 1 Jun 1778 – 15 Dec 1783 Appointed , Bishop of Bovino )
Silvestro ( Jean Baptiste ) Miccù , O.F.M . Obs . ( 27 Feb 1792 Confirmed – 29 Oct 1804 Appointed , Archbishop of Amalfi )
Suppressed : 1818
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Ravello
Province of Salerno
Robert Joseph Brolly ( born 4 October 1950 ) MBE ( known professionally as Bob Brolly ) is a Northern Ireland-born broadcaster , singer and entertainer , who presents shows for BBC Local Radio in the United Kingdom . A long established personality in the West Midlands region , they have presented programmes on BBC CWR and BBC Radio WM for several years , where they are probably best known for a weekly Irish music show aired on Sunday afternoons .
Life and career
Born in Derry , Brolly moved with their family to England when they were fifteen , and settled in Coventry . After training as an engineer , they worked in the automotive industry for several years , at Morris Motors , before holding a number of other jobs that included being chief beer taster for Bass Brewery . Their radio career has seen them present a long-running afternoon programme on BBC Coventry & Warwickshire , which aired for twelve years until 2013 , as well as their Irish music show , which was first broadcast in the mid-1990s . In 2015 , they also became the host of Brolly and Friends , a chat show airing on Irish TV , a channel aimed at the Irish diaspora .
Brolly first began singing as a boy , as a member of the Waterside Chapel choir in Derry , but did not become a professional musician until much later in life , and when their family entered the pub trade . With their band , Calvary ( in which they were both lead singer and drummer ) , Brolly embarked on tours of Europe , the United States and Australia . They have also enjoyed a successful solo career , appearing at venues including the Wembley Arena in London , and the National Indoor Arena and Symphony Hall in Birmingham . They have released several albums , many featuring covers of popular songs . Their 2012 album , Till We Meet Again is a collection of mostly original material .
In 1994 , and along with fellow broadcaster Stuart Linnell and the Coventry Telegraph , Brolly founded the Snowball charity to raise funds for good causes . This was followed in 1998 by the first Bob Brolly and Friends annual fundraising campaign . Brolly hosted their first charity fundraising ball in 1999 , in aid of the Omagh Victim Support Fund and Leukemia Research , and featuring Irish artists and personalities such as Brendan Shine , Foster and Allen , Barry McGuigan and Majella O'Donnell . Brolly was awarded the MBE in the 2003 New Year Honours for their services to charity and broadcasting . They are also a past winner of the Irish World Radio Presenter of the Year Award , and the Irish Post Media Person of the Year Award .
In November 2005 Brolly was rushed to hospital after suffering a heart attack . At the time they described the experience as like being `` hit in the chest with a baseball bat '' . They subsequently gave their backing to the Derek Higgs Start a Heart Appeal , an appeal named in honour of former Coventry City F.C . director Derek Higgs ( who died from a heart attack in 2008 ) , and which sought to raise funds for fifty defibrillators that would be placed at locations around Coventry . They are also a patron for the Zöe 's Place Baby Hospice in Coventry .
Discography
Dreams , Hopes and Promises ( 2001 )
Precious Years ( 2002 )
Songs From Me To You ( 2003 )
The Irish Way ( 2004 )
Bob Brolly Loves To Sing ( 2005 )
Brolly ( 2006 )
Endless Magic ( 2010 )
Till We Meet Again ( 2012 )
References
External links
Bob Brolly at BBC Online
1950 births
Living people
Musicians from Derry ( city )
British radio DJs
British radio personalities
British television presenters
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
The Oval is a multi-use stadium in Caernarfon , Wales . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Caernarfon Town F.C . The stadium holds 3,000 people , with 600 seats .
The previous seating for the Hendre End of the ground was purchased from Shrewsbury Town when they became surplus to requirements due to the demolition of Gay Meadow . They have since been removed and replaced with yellow and green seats funded by the Football Trust .
References
Football venues in Wales
Stadiums in Wales
Oval
is a Japanese manga series by Kei Kusunoki which was originally serialized in Shogakukan 's Shōnen Sunday Zōkan from March 1986 to May 1990 . The manga was later adapted into a three–episode original video animation ( OVA ) in 1990 , and an eleven–episode television drama .
Plot
The story follows Yūji Yagami , a high school student with a problem : their mother , Nomi , looks very young and Yūji has a crush on them To complicate matters , their high school homeroom teacher is also infatuated with them due to how young they look . Nomi is oblivious to all of this and is head over heels in love with their husband , Yōji , and frequently displays this affection very publicly , which causes more embarrassment for Yūji .
Yūji 's high school friends constantly tease them about their `` mother complex '' . When Valentine 's Day comes around , though , Yūji receives a box of handmade chocolates . The name on card can be read multiple ways , the most common way being , a male name , so their friends tease them throughout the day until it is time to meet the person who sent the chocolates at the front gate after school .
The girl who sent the chocolates ( the name is actually read `` Mayuki '' ) starts meeting them after school so they can walk home together , and they eventually become an item . The remainder of the story follows Yūji and Mayuki as their love grows and as Yūji works to resolve their `` mother complex '' issues .
Characters
Main characters
Yūji has a `` mother complex '' because their mother appears to be very young and they find them attractive . This is used throughout the series for comedic effect . They feel guilty about how they feel about their mother .
Yūji 's mother . They are a bit naive and has a tendency to dote on their only son .
Yūji 's girlfriend . Due to the characters used to write their given name ( which can be read `` Masayuki '' , a male name ) , the love note they sent to announce their feelings was interpreted as being from a boy , much to Yūji 's chagrin and their friends ' amusement . They are shy and indecisive , so it took them a long time to work up the courage to let Yūji know about their feelings . However , they have a temper and frequently gets upset at Yūji for their indecisiveness . They drive a bullet bike .
Yūji 's homeroom teacher . They fell in love with Nomi at first sight , and is constantly flirting with them Nomi is the only one who does not seem to notice their flirting , though .
Yūji 's father , a salaryman . They have a very close , romantic relationship with Nomi , which often embarrasses Yūji .
A 23-year-old office lady . They secretly wish to have an affair with their boss , Yōji , and is very jealous . They are constantly flirting with him .
Nomi 's student . They act as the comic foil to Nomi 's unwitting naive mistakes .
Other characters
One of Yūji 's friend 's from their homeroom at high school .
One of Yūji 's friend 's from their homeroom at high school .
One of Yūji 's friend 's from their homeroom at high school .
Media
Manga
Yagami-kun 's Family Affairs , written and illustrated by Kei Kusunoki , was serialized in Shogakukan 's Shōnen Sunday Zōkan from the March 1986 to the May 1990 issues . Shogakukan collected its chapters in seven tankōbon volumes , released from August 18 , 1987 , to August 18 , 1990 .
Volume list
Original video animation
A three–episode original video animation ( OVA ) adaptation by Kitty Film Mitaka Studio was released in Japan on May 25 , 1990 .
Drama
An eleven–episode Japanese television drama was broadcast on TV Asahi from October 11 , 1994 , to February 2 , 1995 .
References
External links
1986 manga
1990 anime OVAs
Japanese drama television series
Romantic comedy anime and manga
Shōnen manga
Shogakukan manga
TV Asahi original programming
Rafiabad ( , also Romanized as Rafī ‘ ābād ) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 528 , in 125 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Hinduri ( or Handuri ) is a Western Pahari language of northern India . It was classified as a dialect under the Kiunthali Group
Script
Status
The language is commonly called Pahari or Himachali . Some speakers may even call it a dialect of Punjabi or Dogri . The language has no official status . According to the United Nations Education , Scientific and Cultural Organisation ( UNESCO ) , the language is of critically endangered category , i.e . the youngest speakers of Handuri are generally grandparents or older and they too speak it infrequently or partially .
The demand for the inclusion of 'Pahari ( Himachali ) ' under the Eight Schedule of the Constitution , which is supposed to represent multiple Pahari languages of Himachal Pradesh , had been made in the year 2010 by the state 's Vidhan Sabha . There has been no positive progress on this matter since then even when small organisations are striving to save the language . Due to political interest , the language is currently recorded as a dialect of Hindi , even when having a poor mutual intelligibility with it .
References
Northern Indo-Aryan languages
Indo-Aryan languages
Languages of Himachal Pradesh
Endangered languages of India
The Suzhou Museum of Opera and Theatre or China Kunqu Museum is a theatre museum in Suzhou , China . It is located in a Ming dynasty theatre of latticed wood and has display halls with old musical instruments , hand-copied books , lyrics and scores , masks and costumes . It also has other paraphernalia including a life size orchestra and photographs of performers . The museum also covers kunqu 's 500-year-old history . The museum is often used for performances today and the teahouse stages daily shows .
References
Museums in Suzhou
Kunqu
Theatre museums in China
The 1968 Christchurch mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections held that same year . In 1968 , election were held for the Mayor of Christchurch plus other local government positions . The polling was conducted using the standard first-past-the-post electoral method .
Background
Sitting mayor George Manning retired leaving an open field to succeed him . The election saw councillor Ron Guthrey of the Citizens ' Association defeat former Labour councillor and MP for Avon John Mathison . Labour lost ground on the city council as well , losing four seats leaving the composition of the council at three seats to sixteen in favour of the Citizens ' Association .
Mayoralty results
The following table gives the election results :
Councillor results
References
Mayoral elections in Christchurch
1968 elections in New Zealand
Politics of Christchurch
October 1968 events in New Zealand
1960s in Christchurch
In mathematical physics , two-dimensional Yang–Mills theory is the special case of Yang–Mills theory in which the dimension of spacetime is taken to be two . This special case allows for a rigorously defined Yang–Mills measure , meaning that the ( Euclidean ) path integral can be interpreted as a measure on the set of connections modulo gauge transformations . This situation contrasts with the four-dimensional case , where a rigorous construction of the theory as a measure is currently unknown .
An aspect of the subject of particular interest is the large-N limit , in which the structure group is taken to be the unitary group and then the tends to infinity limit is taken . The large-N limit of two-dimensional Yang–Mills theory has connections to string theory .
Background
Interest in the Yang–Mills measure comes from a statistical mechanical or constructive quantum field theoretic approach to formulating a quantum theory for the Yang–Mills field . A gauge field is described mathematically by a 1-form on a principal -bundle over a manifold taking values in the Lie algebra of the Lie group . We assume that the structure group , which describes the physical symmetries of the gauge field , is a compact Lie group with a bi-invariant metric on the Lie algebra , and we also assume given a Riemannian metric on the manifold . The Yang–Mills action functional is given by
where is the curvature of the connection form , the norm-squared in the integrand comes from the metric on the Lie algebra and the one on the base manifold , and is the Riemannian volume measure on .
The measure is given formally by
as a normalized probability measure on the space of all connections on the bundle , with a parameter , and is a formal normalizing constant . More precisely , the probability measure is more likely to be meaningful on the space of orbits of connections under gauge transformations .
The Yang–Mills measure for two-dimensional manifolds
Study of Yang–Mills theory in two dimensions dates back at least to work of A . A. Migdal in 1975 . Some formulas appearing in Migdal 's work can , in retrospect , be seen to be connected to the heat kernel on the structure group of the theory . The role of the heat kernel was made more explicit in various works in the late 1970s , culminating in the introduction of the heat kernel action in work of Menotti and Onofri in 1981 .
In the continuum theory , the Yang–Mills measure was rigorously defined for the case where by Bruce Driver and by Leonard Gross , Christopher King , and Ambar Sengupta . For compact manifolds , both oriented and non-oriented , with or without boundary , with specified bundle topology , the Yang–Mills measure was constructed by Sengupta In this approach the 2-dimensional Yang–Mills measure is constructed by using a Gaussian measure on an infinite-dimensional space conditioned to satisfy relations implied by the topologies of the surface and of the bundle . Wilson loop variables ( certain important variables on the space ) were defined using stochastic differential equations and their expected values computed explicitly and found to agree with the results of the heat kernel action .
Dana S. Fine used the formal Yang–Mills functional integral to compute loop expectation values . Other approaches include that of Klimek and Kondracki and Ashtekar et al . Thierry Lévy constructed the 2-dimensional Yang–Mills measure in a very general framework , starting with the loop-expectation value formulas and constructing the measure , somewhat analogously to Brownian motion measure being constructed from transition probabilities . Unlike other works that also aimed to construct the measure from loop expectation values , Lévy 's construction makes it possible to consider a very wide family of loop observables .
The discrete Yang–Mills measure is a term that has been used for the lattice gauge theory version of the Yang–Mills measure , especially for compact surfaces . The lattice in this case is a triangulation of the surface . Notable facts are : ( i ) the discrete Yang–Mills measure can encode the topology of the bundle over the continuum surface even if only the triangulation is used to define the measure ; ( ii ) when two surfaces are sewn along a common boundary loop , the corresponding discrete Yang–Mills measures convolve to yield the measure for the combined surface .
Wilson loop expectation values in 2 dimensions
For a piecewise smooth loop on the base manifold and a point on the fiber in the principal -bundle over the base point of the loop , there is the holonomy of any connection on the bundle . For regular loops , all based at and any function on the function is called a Wilson loop variable , of interest mostly when is a product of traces of the holonomies in representations of the group . With being a two-dimensional Riemannian manifold the loop expectation values
were computed in the above-mentioned works .
If is the plane then
where is the heat kernel on the group , is the area enclosed by the loop , and the integration is with respect to unit-mass Haar measure . This formula was proved by Driver and by Gross et al . using the Gaussian measure construction of the Yang–Mills measure on the plane and by defining parallel transport by interpreting the equation of parallel transport as a Stratonovich stochastic differential equation .
If is the 2-sphere then
where now is the area of the region `` outside '' the loop , and is the total area of the sphere . This formula was proved by Sengupta using the conditioned Gaussian measure construction of the Yang–Mills measure and the result agrees with what one gets by using the heat kernel action of Menotti and Onofri .
As an example for higher genus surfaces , if is a torus , then
with being the total area of the torus , and a contractible loop on the torus enclosing an area . This , and counterparts in higher genus as well as for surfaces with boundary and for bundles with nontrivial topology , were proved by Sengupta .
There is an extensive physics literature on loop expectation values in two-dimensional Yang–Mills theory . Many of the above formulas were known in the physics literature form the 1970s , with the results initially expressed in terms of a sum over the characters of the gauge group rather than the heat kernel and with the function being the trace in some representation of the group . Expressions involving the heat kernel then appeared explicitly in the form of the `` heat kernel action '' in work of Menotti and Onofri . The role of the convolution property of the heat kernel was used in works of Sergio Albeverio et al . in constructing stochastic cosurface processes inspired by Yang–Mills theory and , indirectly , by Makeenko and Migdal in the physics literature .
The low-T limit
The Yang–Mills partition function is , formally ,
In the two-dimensional case we can view this as being ( proportional to ) the denominator that appears in the loop expectation values . Thus , for example , the partition function for the torus would be
where is the area of the torus . In two of the most impactful works in the field , Edward Witten showed that as the partition function yields the volume of the moduli space of flat connections with respect to a natural volume measure on the moduli space . This volume measure is associated to a natural symplectic structure on the moduli space when the surface is orientable , and is the torsion of a certain complex in the case where the surface is not orientable . Witten 's discovery has been studied in different ways by several researchers . Let denote the moduli space of flat connections on a trivial bundle , with structure group being a compact connected semi-simple Lie group whose Lie algebra is equipped with an Ad-invariant metric , over a compact two-dimensional orientable manifold of genus . Witten showed that the symplectic volume of this moduli space is given by
where the sum is over all irreducible representations of . This was proved rigorous by Sengupta ( see also the works by Lisa Jeffrey and by Kefeng Liu ) . There is a large literature on the symplectic structure on the moduli space of flat connections , and more generally on the moduli space itself , the major early work being that of Michael Atiyah and Raoul Bott .
Returning to the Yang–Mills measure , Sengupta proved that the measure itself converges in a weak sense to a suitably scaled multiple of the symplectic volume measure for orientable surfaces of genus . Thierry Lévy and James R. Norris established a large deviations principle for this convergence , showing that the Yang–Mills measure encodes the Yang–Mills action functional even though this functional does not explicitly appear in the rigorous formulation of the measure .
The large-N limit
The large-N limit of gauge theories refers to the behavior of the theory for gauge groups of the form , , , , and other such families , as goes to . There is a large physics literature on this subject , including major early works by Gerardus 't Hooft . A key tool in this analysis is the Makeenko–Migdal equation .
In two dimensions , the Makeenko–Migdal equation takes a special form developed by Kazakov and Kostov . In the large-N limit , the 2-D form of the Makeenko–Migdal equation relates the Wilson loop functional for a complicated curve with multiple crossings to the product of Wilson loop functionals for a pair of simpler curves with at least one less crossing . In the case of the sphere or the plane , it was the proposed that the Makeenko–Migdal equation could ( in principle ) reduce the computation of Wilson loop functionals for arbitrary curves to the Wilson loop functional for a simple closed curve .
In dimension 2 , some of the major ideas were proposed by I. M. Singer , who named this limit the master field ( a general notion in some areas of physics ) . Xu studied the large- limit of 2-dimensional Yang–Mills loop expectation values using ideas from random matrix theory . Sengupta computed the large-N limit of loop expectation values in the plane and commented on the connection with free probability . Confirming one proposal of Singer , Michael Anshelevich and Sengupta showed that the large-N limit of the Yang–Mills measure over the plane for the groups is given by a free probability theoretic counterpart of the Yang–Mills measure . An extensive study of the master field in the plane was made by Thierry Lévy . Several major contributions have been made by Bruce K. Driver , Brian C. Hall , and Todd Kemp , Franck Gabriel , and Antoine Dahlqvist . Dahlqvist and Norris have constructed the master field on the two-dimensional sphere .
In spacetime dimension larger than 2 , there is very little in terms of rigorous mathematical results . Sourav Chatterjee has proved several results in large-N gauge theory theory for dimension larger than 2 . Chatterjee established an explicit formula for the leading term of the free energy of three-dimensional lattice gauge theory for any N , as the lattice spacing tends to zero . Let be the partition function of -dimensional lattice gauge theory with coupling strength in the box with lattice spacing and size being n spacings in each direction . Chatterjee showed that in dimensions d=2 and 3 , is
up to leading order in , where is a limiting free-energy term . A similar result was also obtained for in dimension 4 , for , , and independently .
References
Differential topology
Mathematical concepts
Mathematical physics
Measures ( measure theory )
Stochastic differential equations
Gauge theories
Cafe Ice Cream Yonk ( Hebrew : קפה גלידה יונק ) , founded in 1948 , is one of Israel 's oldest restaurants , located in Haifa . While the name implies otherwise , it is a Romanian grill . The restaurant is located at Kibbutz Galuyot Street 23 , adjacent to the Haifa Flea Market on the same street . Their flagship dish is the Romanian kebab .
History
The restaurant was founded in 1948 as a tiny ice cream and popsicle factory , by Yehuda `` Yonk '' and Yocheved Milstein , who had arrived from Poland . In the back of their factory Romanians from the neighborhood operated a little grill . Impressed by the potential , the Milsteins changed their tiny factory into a Romanian restaurant , serving the cuisine they had learned from the tenants . After Yehuda Milstein 's death , the restaurant was continued and perfected by their son-in-law . In 2019 it is managed by the third generation of the founding family .
References
External links
Official website
Restaurants in Haifa
Restaurants established in 1948
1948 establishments in Israel
Romanian restaurants
Ice cream brands
Romanian-Jewish culture in Israel
David Rikza Ariyanto ( born 8 January 1987 ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga 2 club Persikab Bandung .
Club career
PSM Makassar
Ariyanto joined the Borneo team for 2016 Indonesia Soccer Championship A . They made their debut against Arema F.C . in the sixth week of the 2016 season .
Borneo
On 2017 , They were signed a one-year contract with Liga 1 club Borneo . Ariyanto made their debut on 4 November 2017 in a match against Perseru Serui .
Kalteng Putra
On 2019 , Ariyanto signed a contract with Liga 1 club Kalteng Putra on a free transfer . They made their debut on 26 July 2019 in a match against TIRA-Persikabo .
Persebaya Surabaya
In 2021 , Ariyanto signed a contract with Indonesian Liga 1 club Persebaya Surabaya .
References
External links
David Ariyanto at Liga Indonesia
Living people
1987 births
Indonesian footballers
Sportspeople from Cilacap Regency
Sriwijaya F.C . players
Persiwa Wamena players
PSM Makassar players
Borneo F.C . players
Liga 1 ( Indonesia ) players
Association football goalkeepers
Philip Henry Pye-Smith FRS FRCP ( 30 August 1839 – 23 May 1914 ) was an English physician , medical scientist and educator . Their interest was physiology , specialising in skin diseases .
Life
Philip Pye-Smith was born in 1839 at Billiter Square , London EC3 , England , the son of Ebenezer and Mary Anne Pye-Smith . They were educated at Mill Hill School and University College London before pursuing a medical career at Guy 's Hospital and University of London .
In 1894 they married Emily Gertrude Foulger ( 1860-1923 ) , the daughter of Arthur Foulger and Martha Barclay , founder of Walthamstow Hall , an independent girls school .
Pye-Smith died in 1914 and was buried in the family tomb at Abney Park Cemetery , Stoke Newington in north-east London . The tomb lies on the east side of the main southern path known as Dr Watt 's Walk . Their wife , Emily Gertrude Pye-Smith lies with him . The grave also commemorates the loss of their only child , Lieutenant Phillip Howson Guy Pye-Smith of The King 's ( Liverpool Regiment ) , who was killed during the Battle of Arras on 15 May 1917 .
Career highlights
Elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1870 .
Elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1886 .
Representative to Senate of the University of London from 1902 to 1908 , and was vice-chancellor from 1903 to 1905 .
Representative to the General Medical Council from 1899 to 1909 .
Presentation of Lumleian lectures `` The Ætiology of Disease '' in 1892 .
Presentation of Harveian Oration `` Pathology as the Basis of Rational Medicine '' in 1893 .
Publication : An Introduction to the study of diseases of the skin in 1893 .
Publication : Revised Principles and practice of medicine by Charles Hilton Fagge in 1888 .
Vice-chancellor of University of London
President of the Pathological Society of London , 1907
Memorial
In St. Mark , North Audley St , Westminster there are two-stained glass windows in the memory of Philip Henry Pye-Smith .
References
External links
Darwin Correspondence Project
Royal Society
1839 births
1914 deaths
Fellows of the Royal Society
19th-century English medical doctors
People educated at Mill Hill School
Burials at Abney Park Cemetery
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Vice-Chancellors of the University of London
Physicians of Guy 's Hospital
Per Emanuel Limnell ( 24 March 1766 , Karlskrona2 March 1861 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish decorative painter and watercolorist .
Biography
They were the eighteenth child born to a shipyard maintenance worker . After their mother 's death , when they were seven , they ran away from home and spent five years living with an old village school teacher . The teacher also died , and they had to support themselves for several years . They returned home in 1781 and helped their father paint ships , but found the work unpleasant ; preferring to paint coffins , sledges , chests and similar items for the local peasants .
In 1784 , thanks to assistance from Admiral Carl Tersmeden , they were able to go to Stockholm and find employment in the stage decoration workshop at the Royal Swedish Opera . There , their work drew the attention of and Louis Jean Desprez , who took them on as a personal apprentice . In 1791 , they were hired as a regular decorative painter there ; a position they would hold well into the 19th century .
On the advice of Desprez and the sculptor , Johan Tobias Sergel , they used the model school at the Royal Swedish Academy of Fine Arts to improve their skills and promote himself . In 1802 , they were chosen as an agré ( member-candidate ) at the Academy and , the following year , was awarded full membership . In 1812 , they were named a Professor of drawing and , in 1813 , was appointed a court painter .
They married Ulrika Wargentin in 1791 . Their daughter , , also became an artist .
Their works may be seen at the Nationalmuseum , the and the Uppsala University Library .
References
External links
Biography from the Svenskt biografiskt handlexikon @ Projekt Runeberg
1766 births
1861 deaths
Swedish painters
Swedish watercolourists
Decorative arts
People from Karlskrona
Stamford Town Hall is a municipal building in St Mary 's Hill , Stamford , Lincolnshire , England . The building , which was the headquarters of Stamford Borough Council , is a Grade II * listed building .
History
The first town hall in Stamford was formed by a first-floor room in the gatehouse , located on the north side of the bridge across the River Welland , which was completed in 1558 . The Wansford Road Turnpike Trustees decided in the 1774 that the gatehouse was an impediment to traffic over the bridge and lobbied for its demolition ; civic leaders agreed to this on condition that the trustees contribute to the cost of a new town hall building . A significant contribution was also provided by the local member of parliament , Henry Cecil .
The foundation stone for the new building was laid in 1776 . It was designed in the neoclassical style , probably by Henry Tatam , built in locally sourced ashlar stone and completed in 1779 . The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with seven bays facing onto St Mary 's Hill ; the central section of three bays , which slightly projected forward , featured a doorway with a fanlight flanked by two round-headed windows on the ground floor ; there were three sash windows on the first floor and a coat of arms flanked by two smaller sash windows on the second floor . The outer sections were fenestrated in a similar style and , at roof level , there was a cornice and a parapet . Internally , the principal rooms were the courtroom and the mayor 's parlour . A prison was also established in the building , but the cells were very small and the conditions extremely poor and it ceased operating in 1878 . The part of the building which had operated as a prison was converted into a council chamber in the early 20th century .
The Phillips Room , named after the brewer , Joseph Phillips , was created to accommodate a collection of books bought for the town , following Phillips 's death in 1902 . The terrace in front of the building with steps and railing was constructed to a design by Marshall Sisson in 1952 and the Malcolm Sargent Room , named after the composer , Sir Malcolm Sargent , was created to display memorabilia given to the town by Sargent 's family , following their death in 1967 .
The building continued to serve as the headquarters of Stamford Borough Council for much of the 20th century but ceased to be the local seat of government after the enlarged South Kesteven Council was formed in 1974 . It was subsequently used as a magistrates ' court until HM Courts and Tribunals Service vacated the building in 2010 . After the Stamford Museum in Broad Street closed in 2011 , some of the exhibits were transferred to the town hall , for visitors to see .
Works of art in the town hall include a painting depicting bull-running in Stamford , a practice which only died out after a ruling by the Court of the Queen 's Bench , which prohibited it , in 1838 .
See also
Grade II * listed buildings in South Kesteven
References
Government buildings completed in 1779
City and town halls in Lincolnshire
Buildings and structures in Stamford , Lincolnshire
Grade II * listed buildings in Lincolnshire
John Walter McKinnon ( born 1950 ) is a New Zealand diplomat and public servant .
Biography
McKinnon was educated at Nelson College from 1963 to 1967 , Victoria University of Wellington , and the London School of Economics . They are the younger brother of former New Zealand Deputy Prime Minister , Foreign Minister , and , former Commonwealth Secretary-General Don McKinnon ; and of Ian McKinnon , Chancellor of Victoria University of Wellington and a former Deputy Mayor of Wellington City ; twin brother of historian and New Zealand international relations expert Malcolm McKinnon ; and the son of Major-General Walter McKinnon , former Chief of General Staff and Chairman of New Zealand Broadcasting .
McKinnon joined the New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1974 , and was posted to Beijing as second secretary in 1978 . In 1985 , they were posted to Washington as First Secretary , then to Canberra as Counsellor in 1986 .
In 1992 , McKinnon became New Zealand 's Deputy Permanent Representative to the United Nations in New York and was the only senior New Zealand diplomat to preside over the entirety of New Zealand 's third tenure on the United Nations Security Council ( 1993–1994 ) . On returning to Wellington in 1995 they became Director of the External Assessments Bureau . In 2001 , McKinnon became New Zealand 's Ambassador to Beijing .
McKinnon was Deputy Secretary of Foreign Affairs from 2004 , responsible for international politics and security ( Programme One ) . Coupled with their previous role running one of New Zealand 's intelligence agencies , they are considered an expert in international security . In October 2006 , the Government announced that they would succeed Graham Fortune as the Chief Executive of the Ministry of Defence , a position they held from the end of 2006 to November 2012 .
In the 2013 Queen 's Birthday Honours , McKinnon was appointed a Companion of the Queen 's Service Order for services to the State .
From December 2012 to October 2014 McKinnon served as the Executive Director of the Asia New Zealand Foundation .
In January 2015 McKinnon returned to Beijing for a second posting as Ambassador where they are served until 2017 at which point in time they retired
In the 2020 New Year Honours , they were appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit , for services to New Zealand–China relations .
Personal life
McKinnon is married to art historian and writer Avenal McKinnon .
References
External links
Official biography
1950 births
Living people
Alumni of the London School of Economics
New Zealand public servants
Ambassadors of New Zealand to China
People educated at Nelson College
Companions of the Queen 's Service Order
Companions of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Bridgetree , Inc. is a Fort Mill , South Carolina , based company that collects data and does data analysis , related application and web programming , and logistical services .
Bridgetree provides services to a variety of industries , such as retail , financial services , travel , consumer products , sports entertainment and non-profits . The company has corporate operations in the United States ( remote workforce ) and Bangalore , India .
History
This privately held company was founded in 1995 as WIT Development , Inc by Mark Beck and Charles Albright in 1995 with a motto to “ make marketing work better ” . Early on , the company provided USPS logistics for initial clients R.J. Reynolds , Thomasville Furniture and US Airways .
The founders split their business interests in 1997 which led to Mark Beck , renaming their part of the company Bridgetree , Inc. At this time , Beck added data-mining , data production and consumer databases to the company 's list of services .
The company opened Bridgetree Research Services in 2000 , added data gathering , web programming and its first data center in 2001 . The company opened a second data center in 2006 and launched Bridgetree Technology Service in Xi'an , China , in 2007 . In 2007 , the company moved operations from Davidson , North Carolina , to a historic building in Mooresville , North Carolina that is included in the Mooresville Historic District . It opened a mobile application programming operation in Bangalore , India , in 2010 .
As of 2019 , China Office was closed and all the operations were moved to US and India . Below is the current executive team :
CEO - Chris Talley
VP , Clients & Business Dev - Mark Malone
VP , Technology - Sanjay Mamani
CFO , Controller - Sonna Hughes
References
External links
Bridgetree on Facebook
Bridgetree Official Website - India
Privately held companies based in South Carolina
1995 establishments in South Carolina
Gregor Hildebrandt ( born 1974 in Bad Homburg , West Germany ) is a German contemporary artist who lives and works in Berlin , Germany
Early life and education
Gregor Hildebrandt graduated from Hochschule der Künste , Berlin in 2002 , after they studied previously at the University of Mainz between 1995-1999 . Hildebrandt was awarded a Studienstiftung scholarship between 1998-2002 and received a scholarship at the Deutsches Studienzentrum in Venice the following year , while still a student . Today , they live in Berlin with fellow artist Alicja Kwade .
Work
In their artistic practice , Gregor Hildebrandt makes extensive use of pre-recorded cassette tapes as material in their pictures and installations . The tapes are applied directly onto canvases and photographic prints and in room-sized installations . In their paintings , they adhere the coated side of cassette tapes onto a canvas , presses on it with a brush or roller , and rips the tape off to create the defined , yet sporadic lines on their works . They repeat the process before finally gluing them onto the canvas for good to create what they call the “ negative ” painting . For sculptures , they shape vinyl records into bowls , sometimes stacking them to create what the artist calls a “ sonic wall made of pillars of records . ”
Hildebrandt started thinking about incorporating audio into their practice during their time at the University of the Arts in Berlin . In the late 1990s , the artist recorded 'Falschgeld ' by German experimental group Einstürzende Neubauten before cutting the magnetic tape out and pasting it into their sketchbook . Hildebrandt 's signature canvases known for its magnetic tape covering were developed in the 2000s , gradually increasing in size to take on architectural dimensions . The 2021 large-scale installation Hirnholzparkett ( 2015 ) , shown at G2 Kunsthalle in Leipzig , incorporated 35,000 audiocassette tapes into record-sized reels , cast into epoxy resin and layered across the floor .
Although Hildebrandt 's work makes formal reference to Minimalism , the addition of a great number of subjective and autobiographical citations actually deliberately repudiates this strategy . For Hildebrandt , the cassette tape as artistic medium , especially in its original function of storage medium , fulfils an important function : it enables the artist to add a further “ invisible ” dimension to their pictures . Playing with perception in this way is a major characteristic of their work ; the picture is completed in the head of the viewer .
If the contemplation of their art incorporates the heterogeneous cosmos of Gregor Hildebrandt 's references to music , film , literature and , last but not least , art history , their works turn out to be complex montages , in which pictorial associations from different spheres combine and interpenetrate . Hildebrandt employs the material of their every-day environment without aesthetic or theoretical inhibition and playfully links aspects of conceptual art and minimal art with their personal life and experience of pop culture .
Gregor Hildebrandt is represented by Wentrup in Berlin , Grimm Gallery in Amsterdam , Almine Rech Gallery in Paris , Brussels and London and Emmanuel Perrotin in New York . and Casado Santapau gallery at Madrid .
Selected solo exhibitions
2012
Nächtliches Konzert , Museum Van Bommel van Dam with Jorinde Voigt , Venlo , Netherlands
Eind Koffer aus Berlin , Saarländisches Künstlerhaus , Saarbrücken
Schlaf is Zeit , die dir gehört , AVLSKARL , Copenhagen
2011
FÜR KOMMENDE MORGEN , Wentrup , Berlin
Seiten im Buch wie Wände im Raum , Almine Rech Gallery , Paris
Und dass zu frühe die Parze den Traum nicht ende , Grimm Gallery , Amsterdam
2010
vor der Tür stehen weiße Pferde , Galerie Almine Rech , Brussels
die Nacht trägt den Plan , Van Horn , Düsseldorf
Shapeless in the Dark again , Sommer Contemporary , Tel Aviv
2009
Weiße Nacht hängt an den Bergen , GriederContemporary , Zurich
Daß dieser Mai nie ende , Wentrup , Berlin
Der Himmel im Raum , Berlinische Galerie , Berlin ( cat . )
2008
This was made to end all parties , Ursula Werz , Tübingen
Front Room , Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis , St. Louis
Hokuspokus , Kunstverein Schwerte , Schwerte
Statement , Art 39 Basel ( with Galerie Jan Wentrup )
und im Garten blüht ein Blumenbeet , Haus am Waldsee , Berlin
2007
Dunkle Fahrt zu hellem Tag , Kunstverein Ludwigshafen
Dunkle Fahrt zu hellem Tag , Galerie Jan Wentrup , Berlin
Zum Wohl der Tränen , Almine Rech Gallery , Paris
2006
B:1F-134 , Uberbau , Düsseldorf with Alicja Kwade
2005
Von den Steinen zu den Sternen , Galerie Jan Wentrup , Berlin
Tage und Stunden zerspringen vor Glück , Städtische Galerie Pankow , Berlin
2004
allnightlong , Kaiserpassage 21a , Karlsruhe ( with Jenny Rosemeyer )
Und dieses Wasser wird sich immer schwarz färben , Arsenal HKM1 , Raum für Kunst , Mainz
2003
Dunst blauer Tage , Kunstverein Eislingen ( cat . )
Hausmusik , Mt . Warning , Berlin
Black Flags under the Yellow Moon , Hinterconti , Hamburg ( with Carola Deye )
2002
Tönende Jugend , WBD , Berlin
Public collections
Centre Pompidou / Paris , F
Berlinische Galerie / Berlin , D
Sammlung zeitgenössische Kunst des Bundes , D
Sammlung Museum van Bommel van Dam/ Venlo , NL
Selected notable private collections
Martin Z. Margulies Collection / Miami , US
Rubell Family Collection , US
Collection Jill & Peter Kraus /New York , US
Pat and Juan Vergez Collection/ Buenos Aires , AR
Sammlung Südhausbau / München , D
Collection Robert and Renée Drake / Wassenaar , NL
Sammlung Philara /Düsseldorf , D
sammlung FIEDE /Aschaffenburg , D
Collection Steve and Chiara Rosenblum / Paris , F
Burger Collection / Zürich / Hong Kong , CH / HK
Awards and scholarships
2008 - Vattenfall Kunstpreis „ Energie “
2008 - Stiftung Kunstfonds
2005 / 2006 - Scholarship , DAAD , Vienna
2004 - Award , GASAG
2003 - Scholarship , Deutsches Studienzentrum Venedig
1998 / 2002 - Scholarship , Studienstiftung des deutschen Volkes
Bibliography
Gregor Hildebrandt : Tönend hallt die Jugend , Kunsthalle Recklinghausen , DE/EN ,
References
External links
Gregor Hildenbrandt Artist Page at Sommer Contemporary Art Gallery Website
1974 births
Living people
German artists
German contemporary artists
The Urosporidae are a family of parasitic alveolates in the phylum Apicomplexa .
Taxonomy
There are six genera in this family .
History
This family was created by Léger in 1892 .
Description
There are 45 recognised species in this family .
References
Apicomplexa families
The Steinwache is a memorial museum in Dortmund , Germany .
The police station Steinwache was established in 1906 . Since 1928 a prison next to the station was in use for detention of suspects . In 1933 the Gestapo took over the prison and imprisoned and tortured many opponents of the Nazi regime . It soon had a reputation as Die Hölle von Westdeutschland ( `` The hell of western Germany '' ) . Between 1933 and 1945 more than 66,000 people were imprisoned in the Steinwache prison . In the early years of the regime the inmates were primarily members of the communist and social democratic opposition . During World War II foreign forced labourers made up the largest group of prisoners . Especially slave workers from eastern Europe were often badly treated and many of them were executed .
In contrast to most of Dortmund 's city center , the Steinwache was n't heavily damaged during the war . The conversion of the former prison into a memorial site began in the 1980s . Since 1992 it is the permanent location of the exhibition Widerstand und Verfolgung in Dortmund 1933–1945 ( `` Resistance and Persecution in Dortmund 1933-1945 '' ) , which demonstrates the persecution under National Socialism with many photographs , short texts and sometimes with reports from contemporary witnesses .
External links
Website of the memorial , City of Dortmund
Monuments and memorials to the victims of Nazism
Dortmund
Gestapo
Den is an album by electronica group Kreidler , released in 2012 .
Cover artwork
The cover artwork is by Italian artist Enrico David . Analogously to the preceding Kreidler album Tank , there is an art piece on the front cover , and another one on the inner sleeve ( vinyl version ) ; the CD is packed in a jewel case with the artwork on two changeable cardboards .
Track listing
Music videos
The album is accompanied by a collaboration between film director Heinz Emigholz and Kreidler , with Emigholz contributing clips to all the songs on Den . The videos contain alternate song versions , most remarkable `` Rote Wüste '' , where the video , at 21:12 , runs nearly three times longer than the album version .
The readers of German magazine Spex voted `` Rote Wüste '' as favorite video No . 7 in the top ten for 2012 . `` Moth Race '' won the 15th MuVi Award for `` Best German Music Video '' at the 59th International Short Film Festival Oberhausen in May 2013 . The production company Filmgalerie 451 lists `` Sun '' , `` Rote Wüste '' and `` Moth Race '' as trailers for Heinz Emigholz ' film The Airstrip - Decampment of Modernism .
Released videos
`` Rote Wüste '' – 21:12 ( September 2012 ) .
`` Cascade '' – 5:52 ( October 2012 ) .
`` Sun '' – 5:54 ( November 2012 ) .
`` Deadwringer '' – 6:37 ( December 2012 ) .
`` Moth Race '' – 3:55 ( February 2013 ) .
`` Celtic Ghosts '' – 3:31 ( May 2013 ) .
`` Winter '' – 8:02 ( June 2013 ) .
Personnel
Kreidler
Thomas Klein – drums , and electronic musical instruments
Alexander Paulick – guitar , and electronic musical instruments
Andreas Reihse – synthesizers , and electronic musical instruments
Detlef Weinrich – electronic musical instruments
Technical personnel
Guy Sternberg – recording , mixing
Florian von Keyserlingk – assistant
Stefan Betke – mastering ( at Scape-Mastering Berlin , April 2012 )
Reception
Den holds a score of 61 out of 100 ( `` generally favorable '' ) based on 7 reviews on review-aggregating website Metacritic .
References
External links
Discogs Kreidler Den
Bureau-B Kreidler Den
Kreidler Den
2012 albums
Kreidler ( band ) albums
Scott Johnson is an Australian actor , singer and musician .
Personal life
In November 2004 Scott married their partner of 11 years , actor Rachel Gordon . The two met at the National Institute of Dramatic Art ( NIDA ) in Sydney .
Career
Scott graduated from Australia 's National Institute of Dramatic Art ( NIDA ) with a degree in Performing Arts ( Acting ) in 1996 . Since graduation , they have combined stage acting with various roles in Australian television and films . They are also a tutor at the National Institute of Dramatic Art ( NIDA ) Sydney .
Scott appeared in long-running Australian soap Neighbours in 2007 as Terrence Chesterton , an accomplice to Charlotte Stone , played by their real-life wife , Rachel Gordon . Scott also appeared on Blue Heelers in 2005 , during the time that Rachel Gordon had a long-running role as Detective Senior Constable Amy Fox .
They starred for nearly two years as `` Tommy DeVito '' in the long-running Australian production of Jersey Boys in Melbourne and Sydney .
Theatre Roles
( Not a complete list )
Jersey Boys ( 2009 - 2011 ) Jersey Boys Australia
Anatomy Titus Fall of Rome ( 2008 ) Queensland Theatre Company ( QTC ) and Melbourne Theatre Company ( MTC )
August Moon ( 2008 ) Queensland Theatre Company
Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? ( 2007 ) Queensland Theatre Company
Go Pinocchio ( 2006 ) Theatre of Image
How Like an Angel ( 2004 ) Railway Street Theatre Co
Wonderlands ( 2003 ) Hothouse/Griffin Theatre Company
Crimes of the Heart Marion Street Theatre
The Crucible Sydney Theatre Company
Hansel and Gretel Sydney Theatre Company/Theatre of Image
Third World Blues ( 1998 ) Sydney Theatre Company
The Siege of Frank Sinatra ( 1998 ) Ensemble Theatre
TV Appearances
( Not a complete list )
Offspring ( 2010 ) as Tim ( 1 episode )
Neighbours ( 2007 ) as Terrence Chesterton ( 9 episodes )
Blue Heelers ( 2005 ) as Steven Prior ( 3 episodes )
McLeod 's Daughters ( 2002 ) as Rowan Simmons ( 1 episode )
Big Sky ( 1997 )
Filmography
( Not a complete list )
Razzle Dazzle : A Journey Into Dance ( 2007 )
Road Rage ( 2007 )
Heaven on the 4th Floor ( 1998 )
Mijn Dino en ik
Awards and nominations
2010 Helpmann Awards . Nomination for Best Supporting Actor in a Musical - Jersey Boys
2010 Sydney Theatre Awards . Nomination for best performance by an actor in a musical or cabaret - Jersey Boys
2009 Green Room Awards . Nomination for Best Male Artist in a Leading Role ( Music Theatre ) - Jersey Boys
References
External links
Australian male film actors
Australian male television actors
Australian male musical theatre actors
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Chenopodium parabolicum ( Syn . Rhagodia parabolica ) , commonly known as fragrant saltbush or mealy saltbush , is a shrub in the family Amaranthaceae . The species is native to Australia .
The species was formally described in 1810 in Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae by botanist Robert Brown . In 2012 , after phylogenetical research , it was reclassified as a species of Chenopodium , and assigned the name Chenopodium parabolicum ( R.Br . ) S.Fuentes & Borsch .
The species occurs in South Australia , Victoria , New South Wales and Queensland .
References
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Flora of South Australia
Flora of Tasmania
Flora of Victoria ( Australia )
parabolicum
The Legeriomycetaceae are a family of fungi in the Harpellales order . The family contains 31 genera and 158 species .
Genera
Allantomyces
Austrosmittium
Baetimyces
Barbatospora
Bojamyces
Capniomyces
Caudomyces
Coleopteromyces
Ejectosporus
Furculomyces
Gauthieromyces
Genistelloides
Genistellospora
Glotzia
Graminella
Graminelloides
Lancisporomyces
Legerioides
Legeriomyces
Legeriosimilis
Orphella
Pennella
Plecopteromyces
Pteromaktron
Simuliomyces
Smittium
Spartiella
Stipella
Tectimyces
Trichozygospora
Zygopolaris
References
External links
Zygomycota
`` Ocean '' is a song by Sebadoh from their 1996 album Harmacy . It was released as a Promo CD , a CD Single and 7 '' vinyl record .
A music video was made for the song . It was directed by Laura Borealis ( Laura Hyde Crapo ) .
The song peaked at number 23 on the US Modern Rock chart , and reached 146 on the UK Singles chart .
Track listing
UK 7 '' Single ( RUG50 )
`` Ocean ( Tim O'Heir 's Ocean Way remix ) ''
`` Worst Thing ( Osterville version ) ''
UK/GE CD Single ( RUG50CD )
`` Ocean ( Tim O'Heir 's Ocean Way remix ) ''
`` Worst Thing ( Osterville version ) ''
`` Third Generation Deadline ''
`` Portrait of the Dead Artist on the Phone ''
US Promo Single ( SUBPROCD 53 )
`` Ocean ( Tim O'Heir 's Ocean Way remix ) ''
Sebadoh songs
1996 singles
Sub Pop singles
Songs written by Lou Barlow
1996 songs
The 2019 Glynhill Ladies International was held January 17 to 20 , 2019 at the Braehead Curling Rink in Renfrew , Glasgow , Scotland as a part of the 2018–19 curling season . The event was held in a round robin format with the top eight teams advancing to the playoffs . The purse for the event was £ 11,000 .
In an all Swiss final , Team Ursi Hegner of Uzwil defeated Team Elena Stern of Brig-Glis 5–3 to claim the event title . To reach the final , Hegner defeated Team Isabella Wranå of Sweden 5–4 in one semifinal and Stern beat Team Tova Sundberg , also of Sweden , 8–0 in the other .
Teams
The teams are listed as follows :
Round robin standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Round robin results
All draw times are listed in Greenwich Mean Time ( UTC+00:00 ) .
Draw 1
Thursday , January 17 , 7:00 pm
Draw 2
Friday , January 18 , 9:00 am
Draw 3
Friday , January 18 , 12:30 pm
Draw 4
Friday , January 18 , 4:00 pm
Draw 5
Saturday , January 19 , 9:00 am
Draw 6
Saturday , January 19 , 12:30 pm
Playoffs
Source :
Quarterfinals
Saturday , January 19 , 4:00 pm
Semifinals
Sunday , January 20 , 11:30 am
Final
Sunday , January 20 , 2:30 pm
References
External links
Event Home
2019 in women 's curling
International sports competitions in Glasgow
Women 's curling competitions in Scotland
January 2019 sports events in the United Kingdom
Sport in Glasgow
2019 in Scottish women 's sport
Acro–dermato–ungual–lacrimal–tooth syndrome ( ADULT syndrome ) is a rare genetic disease . It is an autosomal dominant form of ectodermal dysplasia , a group of disorders that affects the hair , teeth , nails , sweat glands , and extremities . The syndrome arises from a mutation in the TP63 gene . This disease was previously thought to be a form of ectrodactyly–ectodermal dysplasia–cleft syndrome ( EEC ) , but was classified as a different disease in 1993 by Propping and Zerres .
Signs and symptoms
ADULT syndrome features include ectrodactyly , syndactyly , excessive freckling , lacrimal duct anomalies , dysplastic nails , hypodontia , hypoplastic breasts and nipples , hypotrichosis , hypohidrosis , broad nasal bridge , midfacial hypoplasia , exfoliative dermatitis , and xerosis . The lack of facial clefting and ankyloblepharon are important because they exist in ectrodactyly–ectodermal dysplasia–cleft syndrome ( EEC ) but not in ADULT syndrome .
Cause
ADULT syndrome is due to autosomal dominant mutations of the TP63 gene , which encodes the p63 protein . TP63 mutations cause deformities because the p63 protein is critical in embryonic development of limbs and other ectodermal tissues . 7 mutations have been found , the commonest forms being R298Q and R243W , in which encoding for arginine is changed to glutamine at position 298 and tryptophan at position 243 respectively . Other p63 genes mutation syndromes include ectrodactyly–ectodermal dysplasia–cleft syndrome ( EEC ) and Hay-Wells syndromes .
Diagnosis
Treatment
References
External links
Rare syndromes
Genodermatoses
Oros may refer to :
OROS , drug delivery system
Oros , Sindhudurg , town in India
Orós , municipality in Ceará , Brazil
People
Oros of Alexandria , 5th century Byzantine lexicographer and grammarian
Corneliu Oros ( born 1950 ) , Romanian former volleyball player
Cristian Oroș ( born 1984 ) , Romanian football player
Ernest L. Oros ( died 2012 ) , American politician from New Jersey
George Oros ( born 1954 ) , American lawyer and politician from New York
Joe Oros ( 1916–2012 ) , American automotive designer
Petro Oros ( 1917–1953 ) Ukrainian clandestine Greek-Catholic bishop
Rozalia Oros ( born 1964 ) , Romanian fencer
Yaroslav Oros ( born 1959 ) Ukrainian writer and journalist
See also
Oro ( disambiguation )
Romanian-language surnames
Hermógenes Pérez de Arce Ibieta ( born 10 January 1936 ) is a Chilean lawyer and politician who served as deputy during Salvador Allende 's government . In their country , they are commonly known for being a fierce supporter of Augusto Pinochet 's dictatorship . More preccisely , they are known for being a leading deanialist of the human rights violations in Pinochet 's Chile .
For long time Hermógenes Pérez de Arce was a regular columnist in El Mercurio .
They are also a writer and has written several books .
In 2003 they were homaged in Casa Piedra by hard-line Pinochetists for `` rescuing the historical truth of Chile '' .
In December 2019 Pérez de Arce was expelled from the TV program Bienvenidos by hostress Tonka Tomicic for their repeated denialist comments . Subsequently , Senator Alejandro Navarro proposed a Chilean law against denialism dubbed `` Ley Hermógenes '' .
See also
Sergio Diez , another denialist of human rights violations of the Pinochet regime
References
External links
BCN Profile
1936 births
People from Santiago
Living people
National Party ( Chile , 1966 ) politicians
University of Chile alumni
20th-century Chilean politicians
21st-century Chilean politicians
Chilean anti-communists
West Aitape Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Sandaun Province , Papua New Guinea . The Piore River languages and Oceanic languages such as Sissano are spoken in the LLG .
Sissano Lagoon is located in the LLG .
Wards
01 . Nimas
02 . Manyer ( Sissano )
03 . Maindroin ( Sissano )
04 . Paupa ( Bauni speakers )
05 . Moriri
06 . Arop 1 ( Arop speakers )
07 . Arop 2 ( Arop speakers )
08 . Mainyen ( Malol speakers )
09 . Tanyapin
10 . Aipokon
11 . Nengian
12 . Koiniri
13 . Walwale
14 . Rome
15 . Barera
16 . Kaiye
17 . Mafoka
18 . Mori
19 . Mumuru
20 . Sumo ( Bouni speakers )
21 . Ramo ( Uni speakers )
22 . Pou
23 . Sarai ( Sera speakers )
24 . Rainuk
25 . Amsuku
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Marc Parent may refer to :
Marc Parent ( executive ) ( born 1961 ) , French-Canadian business executive
Marc Parent ( police ) , former Chief of the Montreal Police Service
See also
Mark Parent ( born 1954 ) , Canadian clergyman and former politician
The black-backed tody-flycatcher ( Poecilotriccus pulchellus ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae , and one of twelve in the genus Poecilotriccus .
Distribution and habitat
It is endemic to Peru . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
black-backed tody-flycatcher
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Yungas
black-backed tody-flycatcher
black-backed tody-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Basilica of Guadalupe or Santuario de Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe , has a fifty five gold crowns inside . is a Roman Catholic church located in the metropolitan area of Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico . Standing in the neighborhood of Colonia Independencia , just outside the city 's downtown area , the temple is one of the larger Church edifices in northern Mexico . It is dedicated to Virgin Mary in their guise as Our Lady of Guadalupe , the Patroness of America , who appeared to St Juan Diego on Tepeyac Hill outside Mexico City in 1531 .
It is smaller than its counterpart , the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico City , which has a more national and international fame .
Year after year , the church becomes the destination for thousands of faithfuls devoted to the Virgin , especially on the days prior to their feast day , December 12 . On that date , beginning at the stroke of midnight leading into the 12th , mariachis play and sing traditional songs , or the mañanitas , paying tribute to the Virgin .
Usually , the weeks prior to Our Lady 's holiday , pilgrimages are made by peregrinos who arrive praying or chanting , and matachines who dance all the way up to the basilica . They all emerge from various directions to converge onto the church to pray and hear Mass in front of the copy of the image of the Guadalupana . The original is in the Mexico City basilica .
Other notable Catholic churches in the area are : Catedral de Monterrey ( The Monterrey Cathedral ) , La Basilica de la Purísima Concepcion - commonly known as `` La Purisima '' , Capilla de los Dulces Nombres ( the Chapel of the Sweet Names ) , San Juan Bautista de La Salle , Basilica de Nuestra Senora del Roble , El Sagrado Corazon ( Sacred Heart ) and the Antigua Basilica de Guadalupe ( Old Basilica ) .
Gallery
See also
List of basilicas
Our Lady of Guadalupe
Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe
References
Buildings and structures in Monterrey
Shrines to the Virgin Mary
Roman Catholic churches in Mexico
Basilica churches in Mexico
Our Lady of Guadalupe
Tourist attractions in Monterrey
The following poll makes up the 1978 NCAA Division I baseball rankings . Collegiate Baseball Newspaper published its first human poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1957 , and expanded to rank the top 30 teams in 1961 .
Collegiate Baseball
Currently , only the final poll from the 1978 season is available .
References
College baseball rankings in the United States
`` Necktie social '' , or `` Necktie parties '' , is a euphemism for execution by hanging commonly used in the American Old West . Additionally , the term is also used literally , for a social event that involved selling donated neckties for charity .
The term `` necktie party '' was used by one of the justices during oral argument of Hamdan v. Rumsfeld ( 05-184 ) in the United States Supreme Court on March 28 , 2006 .
References
Hanging
Euphemisms
`` Coughs and sneezes spread diseases '' was a slogan first used in the United States during the 1918–20 influenza pandemic – later used in the Second World War by Ministries of Health in Commonwealth countries – to encourage good public hygiene to halt the spread of the common cold , influenza and other respiratory illnesses .
Origins
The slogan was first used in the United States during the 1918–20 influenza pandemic ( `` Spanish flu '' ) .
Second World War
It was later promoted by the United Kingdom 's ( and New Zealand 's ) Ministry of Health in 1942 to encourage good public hygiene and prevent the spread of the common cold , influenza and other respiratory illnesses . Critics have said that the slogan , alongside `` Keep Britain Tidy '' , were an example of `` postwar Britain 's nanny state '' .
Posters were designed by British cartoonist H. M. Bateman and advised people to `` trap the germs by using your handkerchief '' . The original posters of these were published during the Second World War and showed people in the workplace , on the street and on public transport sneezing without covering their nose or mouth , spreading their respiratory droplets . The National Archives notes that these posters were created in an attempt to prevent wartime work absenteeism because of illness .
Later revivals
The slogan was later used intermittently by the National Health Service ( NHS ) following its establishment in 1948 , as well as public officials , in the H1N1 swine flu pandemic in 2009 and the COVID-19 pandemic , which is still continuing as of 2022 . The phrase was also used by the European branch of the World Health Organization in 2019 in a video on influenza . It was combined with washing the hands . More recent campaigns by the NHS ( such as `` Catch it , Bin it , Kill it '' ) promote handwashing and the use of disposable paper handkerchiefs , or at least coughing or sneezing into one 's elbow , rather than covering the mouth with a hand , so as to keep the hands uncontaminated .
References
External links
Slogans
Advertising campaigns
Public health in the United Kingdom
Public health in the United States
British advertising slogans
American advertising slogans
Public health education
Health promotion
Health campaigns
Medical hygiene
1910s neologisms
Infection-control measures
Articles containing video clips
The American was made by American Cyclecar Co. of Detroit , Michigan in 1914 . It had a 4-cylinder engine of 1.2 liters , and featured a friction transmission and chain drive . The headlights were inserted into the fenders , a feature later associated with the Pierce-Arrow . The make was superseded by the Trumbull .
References
^ G. Marshall Naul , `` American ( iii ) '' , in G.N . Georgano , ed. , The Complete Encyclopedia of Motorcars 1885-1968 ( New York : E.P . Dutton and Co. , 1974 ) , pp . 41 .
1910s cars
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Cyclecars
Motor vehicle manufacturers based in Michigan
Des haricots partout , written and drawn by Fournier , is the twenty-ninth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series , and the author 's ninth and final contribution to the series . The story was serialised in Spirou magazine before it was released as a hardcover album in 1980 .
Story
In Beans Everywhere , the attack on the bridge of Pagor Tevat fails , fortunately . Fantasio is therefore able to inspect Kuor-Lamb and collect information on the way that the harvests of Kodo function . Spirou manages to contact with them thanks to the pigeon of Prabang ; the rebels attempt to remove Spirou from the scene . United at last , Fantasio and Spirou develop a plan to overthrow the dictator .
Benefiting from the departure of Matteo , the rebels make leave Spirou the country ; this brings the Count de Champignac back in line with their cause . With the assistance of the WHO , where the Count has relations , they finally manage to unseat the dictator , who then flees the country .
References
Fournier publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Haricots partout , Des
Works originally published in Spirou ( magazine )
Literature first published in serial form
1980 books
1980 in comics
Comics set in India
Comics set in Myanmar
Comics set in Asia
Luis Jacinto Muñoz ( born August 19 , 1953 ) is a Costa Rican percussionist , producer , arranger and composer . They are a multiple-time ACAM Award winner .
Education
After graduating from high school in 1971 , Muñoz entered the University of Costa Rica , where they studied architecture . At the same time , they enrolled at the National Conservatory of Music , where they took flute lessons with the principal flutist of the National Symphony Orchestra .
In 1974 , Muñoz immigrated to the United States . They enrolled at the University of California , Santa Barbara , and studied composition with Peter Racine Fricker and Stephen Hartke .
Career
Muñoz began their musical career as a rock & roll drummer in their native Costa Rica . In 1968 , they formed their first band , The King Kats . Their recording Midnight Sunshine became a number one hit in 1968 and became one of the first original rock & roll songs ever recorded by a Costa Rican group .
Muñoz 's involvement in other projects of importance in the national music scene followed , including playing drums with Jazz pianist Pibe Hine , forming the Trio de Rock Acústico with singer and songwriters Alvaro Fernández and Pamela Johnson , and acting as arranger , co-producer , and performer in Compadre , a record by Alvaro Fernandez .
Muñoz 's first compositions were in 1975 . After finishing their formal studies at UCSB , they started the band Pelin . In 1980 , Muñoz was invited by the Costa Rican Government . They toured the entire country performing and recording music .
In 1995 , Muñoz was signed by Fahrenheit/Jazz , a record label out of Denver , Colorado . Their 1996 CD , The Fruit of Eden , marked the beginning of their recording career . In 1998 , Muñoz released their second project , Compassion . Then in 2004 , they created their record label , Pelín Music , and released Vida .
In 2011 , Muñoz won their second ACAM Award for Jazz Composer of the Year with Invisible ( 2010 ) . In 2015 , Muñoz released a vocal record Voz which won them 2 ACAM Awards ( Jazz Record of the Year and Best Sound Engineering ) , plus a nomination for a third award , for Producer of the Year .
In 2017 , Muñoz recorded , The Dead Man , originally inspired by a short story of the same name by Uruguayan author Horacio Quiroga . The Dead Man won the fifth ACAM award for Best Instrumental Record of the year .
In 2019 Muñoz collaborated with Guyanese singer Lois Mahalia and released The Infinite Dream , their first vocal project in English .
Nominations & Awards
2004 ACAM Award winner for Jazz Composer/Producer of the Year
2011 ACAM Award winner for Jazz Record of the Year .
2013 ACAM Award nomination for Jazz Record of the Year .
2013 Best Latin Jazz Album of the Year ( W. Royal Stokes/Jazz Journalists Association )
2015 ACAM Award winner for Jazz Record of the Year .
2015 ACAM Award winner for Sound Engineer of the Year .
2015 ACAM Award for Jazz Producer of the Year .
2017 ACAM Award winner for Instrumental Record of the Year 2020 .
Best Record of the Year ( Mark Holston/Jazziz Magazine )
3 ACAM Award nominations for Jazz Record of the Year , Producer of the Year , and Arranger of the Year . ACAM Award for Producer of the Year .
Discography
Solo
References
External links
Luis Jacinto Muñoz on LinkedIn
1953 births
Living people
Costa Rican composers
Costa Rican musicians
Costa Rican male singers
Nicolás Vikonis ( born 6 April 1984 ) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga MX club Mazatlán .
Personal life
On 31 March 2020 , Vikonis and their girlfriend at the time Paola Salcedo , a Mexican model and sister of professional footballer Carlos Salcedo announced on Instagram the birth of their son , Luka Mateo .
References
External links
Profile at BDFA
1984 births
Living people
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguay youth international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Categoría Primera A player
Liverpool F.C . ( Montevideo ) players
Rampla Juniors players
Sportivo Cerrito players
Atlético Bucaramanga footballers
Millonarios F.C . players
Club Puebla players
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Uruguayan people of Lithuanian descent
Kyrgyzstan competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , United States . Biathlete Aleksandr Tropnikov and ski jumper Dmitry Chvykov were the only competitors for the country at these Olympics .
Biathlon
Men
1 A penalty loop of 150 metres had to be skied per missed target .
3 One minute added per missed target .
Ski jumping
References
Official Olympic Reports
sports-reference
Nations at the 2002 Winter Olympics
2002
2002 in Kyrgyzstani sport
The Derwent Valley line is a railway line from Derby to Matlock in Derbyshire .
The line follows the Midland Main Line as far as Ambergate Junction , which is just south of Ambergate railway station , continuing to Matlock , following the course of the River Derwent .
Stations
Former branch line diverges to . This route has been sold and is disconnected from the mainline , but has reopened as the Ecclesbourne Valley Railway heritage railway .
Route diverges away from the Midland Main Line just to the south of Ambergate station .
Operations
Local passenger services are operated by East Midlands Railway . From Monday to Saturday , an hourly service operates between Derby and Matlock with a couple of services extended to and from Nottingham . On Sunday , the service operates between Nottingham and Matlock , with one train every two hours in the morning , increasing in frequency to hourly in the afternoon and evening .
The line is operated as one single line block section from Ambergate , using the No Signalman Key Token system under the supervision of Derby PSB . The driver of each train heading for Matlock must collect a token from the machine at Ambergate station before proceeding , and return it prior to leaving the branch .
In addition to the local passenger services , the line between Derby and Ambergate Junction is also used by East Midlands Railway and CrossCountry fast services along with freight services operated by various companies .
The Matlock branch lost its through services to London St Pancras in 2004 when ( the former mainline operator ) Midland Mainline replaced its Class 170 Turbostar diesel units with Class 222 Meridian sets . The Meridians are not yet cleared to work on the branch .
History
The section from Derby to Ambergate was built by the North Midland Railway ( which ran between Derby and Leeds ) and was opened in 1839 . Ambergate quickly became busy with tourists alighting for Matlock Bath who would travel onwards by coach . The Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway also operated excursions from Birmingham completing the journey by way of the Cromford Canal .
In 1849 the Manchester , Buxton , Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway opened from Ambergate and ran as far as Rowsley . Lack of finance prevented it from proceeding any further , but Matlock Bath capitalised on its reputation as a tourist town with the appellation Little Switzerland .
The line was leased jointly by the Midland Railway and the LNWR and , in spite of determined opposition from the latter , the Midland succeeded in reaching Manchester in 1867 .
The Midland , and later the LMS , regarded it as one of their premier lines , linking Manchester with the East Midlands and London . Indeed , it could be regarded as the original `` Midland Main Line '' carrying such prestige expresses as The Palatine and the Peaks . In the twentieth century , it also carried The Midland Pullman . Initially , there was a great deal of parcel traffic , particularly textiles from the various mills , and the line was also immensely important for coal traffic from Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire to Manchester and , southwards , for limestone from the Peak District . A large motive power depot was provided at Rowsley to split trains and provide banking engines for the long haul up to Peak Forest .
With the end of water power for the mills , and the introduction of road transport , the parcel traffic disappeared , but minerals remained important until the mid-20th century . In 1968 , however , the route from Matlock to Buxton was closed during the Beeching Axe .
The line between the quarry north of Matlock and Ambergate remained as a single track carrying a small amount of limestone , with a passenger service continuing from Matlock ( strongly supported by Derby railway employees with their free passes ) .
During the period from 1976 to 1993 trains would run through Derby from the Derwent Valley line to Sinfin . This ceased when the Sinfin branch line was first replaced with a taxi , then closed in 1998 . The service later returned as a train as far as Peartree as a single train per day until 2001 .
While the railway workers have largely disappeared , at the beginning of the 21st century , there is renewed public interest in rail , and Derbyshire County Council , among others , is keen to reduce traffic congestion on the A6 and in the Peak National Park . The route between Matlock and Rowsley was taken over by the Peak Rail preservation group , who are campaigning for the link to be restored to Buxton . The County Council carried out a study in 2004 , which concluded that it was not economically feasible , but that the track bed would be protected from development .
It was designated by the Department for Transport as a community rail service in July 2006 and fully designated as a community rail line in September 2006 .
Meanwhile , the interest shown by the local councils , and public groups such as the Derwent Valley Rural Transport Partnership and the Friends of the Derwent Valley , has encouraged the interest of railway companies . In particular , it follows the course of the Derwent Valley Mills World Heritage corridor . Former operator Central Trains heavily promoted the line 's tourist potential with a specially liveried train . Another former operator , Midland Mainline , extended some of its London–Derby services to Matlock , though these ceased with the introduction of the Class 222 Meridians which were too heavy for several bridges north of Whatstandwell which are in a poor state of repair . However Network Rail has announced its intention to overhaul the line completely in 2008 , reinforcing or replacing the defective bridges .
Passengers using the line have increased steadily at many stations on the line . 94 % more passengers used its stations in 2010/11 than in 2007/08 ; journeys from Ambergate , Belper , Duffield and Matlock Bath have doubled in the same period .
On 2 July 2011 Peak Rail extended their services from Matlock Riverside station into Matlock ( Network Rail ) station to provide easy interchange between services .
See also
Manchester , Buxton , Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway
Peak Rail
Ecclesbourne Valley Railway
Midland Main Line
References
External links
Derwent Valley Line Community Rail Partnership
Rail transport in Derby
Rail transport in Derbyshire
Community railway lines in England
Railway lines in the East Midlands
Standard gauge railways in England
Railway lines opened in 1839
Edward William Barankin ( 1920 – 1985 ) was an American mathematician and statistician .
They received their A.B . from Princeton University in 1941 and their Ph.D. in mathematics from the University of California , Berkeley in 1946 . For the academic year 1946–1947 they were Hermann Weyl 's assistant at the Institute for Advanced Study . At U. C. Berkeley they were a professor of mathematics from 1947 to 1955 and a professor of statistics from 1955 to 1985 .
Upon their death , Edward W. Barankin was survived by their former wife , Claire Barankin Wasser , two sons , Joseph Paul Barankin and Barry Alexander Barankin , and two grandsons , Nathan Robert Barankin and Micha David Barankin . Their granddaughter , Elizabeth Alexandra Meghan Barankin , was born a year and a half after their death .
References
1920 births
1985 deaths
American statisticians
Princeton University alumni
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
University of California , Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
Mathematicians from Pennsylvania
William Joseph Duggan ( 31 January 1884 – 4 July 1934 ) was an Australian trade unionist who served as the first president of the Australian Council of Trade Unions .
Duggan was born in Melbourne to ironoulder William Duggan and Elizabeth Margaret , née Whitmore . They attended local state schools before working as an estate agent and plumber , eventually joining the navy . In their early years they developed both their penchant for self-education and their boxing skills . They later left the navy to return to plumbing . On 12 March 1910 they married Frances Annie Barratt at St James Old Cathedral . In March 1912 , as a member of the Commonwealth Military Cadet Corps , they were commissioned lieutenant , but in 1913 they resigned ; despite their early support for military training they would oppose conscription during the 1916–17 referenda .
Duggan had joined the United Operative Plumbers and Gasfitters ' Society of Victoria ( which became the Australian Plumbers and Gasfitters Employees Union in 1912 ) in 1910 . They were state vice-president from August 1911 until their election as first organiser in January 1912 . In 1914 they became first secretary of the Building Trades Federation , and in March 1918 they sat on the Shipbuilding Tribunal . They continued to be active in the union movement throughout the 1920s , serving as a Plumbers ' Union delegate on the Victorian Trades Hall Council until their election as THC President ( 1926–27 ) . They chaired the 1927 Third All-Australian Trade Union Congress , which established the Australian Council of Trade Unions of which they were inaugural president , serving until 1934 . They were also active in the Australian Labor Party , serving as first metropolitan council president in 1926 and as Victorian president from 1928 to 1929 . They served on the federal executive ( 1929–31 , 1932 ) and ran for preselection for Bendigo in 1928 , unsuccessfully contesting Henty in 1929 . They served on Coburg Council from 1924 to 1930 and as mayor from 1928 to 1929 .
Duggan died from a duodenal ulcer in 1934 at Moreland .
References
1884 births
1934 deaths
Australian trade unionists
Australian plumbers
Australian builders
The Faroe Insurance Company ( , TF ) , often referred to as Tryggingin , is an insurance company in the Faroe Islands . The company currently employs about 110 people and is headquartered in Tórshavn . The Faroe Insurance Company also has branch offices in Sandavágur , Saltangará , Klaksvík , and Tvøroyri . The company was founded as Tryggingarsambandið Føroyar ( the Faroese Insurance Union ) in 1965 and received its current name in 1998 . Chairmen of the company have included Kristian Djurhuus , Johan Poulsen , and Hilmar Kass .
References
External links
The Faroe Insurance Company ( English homepage )
Financial services companies established in 1965
Insurance companies of the Faroe Islands
1965 establishments in Europe
1965 in the Faroe Islands
The 1993 Senior PGA Tour was the 14th season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 ( it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016 ) . The season consisted of 38 official money events with purses totalling $ 26,500,000 , including four majors . Dave Stockton won the most tournaments , five . The tournament results , leaders , and award winners are listed below .
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1993 season . `` Date '' is the ending date of the tournament . The numbers in parentheses after the winners ' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event . Senior majors are shown in bold .
Source :
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source :
Money List leaders
Source :
Career Money List leaders
Source :
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Game Doctors is an App studio well known for creating `` Zombie Smash '' which has been downloaded more than 3 million times was acquired by App publisher Zynga during December 2012
Published games
Zombie Smash for IOS
Zombie Smash HD for IOS
External links
Game Doctors website
Zombie Smash Official Page
Zynga Acquisition
Zynga Acquisition
Video game companies of Germany
Video game development companies
Oplopanax is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Araliaceae , consisting of three species of deciduous shrubs , native to western North America and northeastern Asia . Oplopanax is closely related to the Asian genus Fatsia . There are three recognized species of Oplopanax in the world : Oplopanax elatus , Oplopanax horridus , Oplopanax japonicus .
The species have spiny stems , large palmately lobed leaves , and whitish or greenish flowers occurring in terminal panicles . The fruit is a small spherical red drupe , popular with birds .
Oplopanax species are closely related to American ginseng . The plant was used in traditional Native American medicine .
References
Araliaceae
Apiales genera
The following is a comparison of TeX editors .
Table of editors
See also
Formula editor
Comparison of word processors
Comparison of text editors
Comparison of desktop publishing software
List of TeX extensions
Notes and references
TeX editors
Free TeX editors
TeX editors
Kimberley Jim is a 1963 South African musical comedy film directed by Emil Nofal and starring Jim Reeves , Madeleine Usher and Clive Parnell . Its plot follows an American singer who takes part in the Kimberley diamond rush in South Africa in the late 19th century . More specifically ,
`` Jim Reeves and Clive Parnell play likable con-men who earn their living by selling patent medicine and cheating at poker ... two invest their winnings into developing a diamond mine but must outsmart the crooked local business person '' , according to one summary .
Reeves , a country singer , enjoyed international popularity during the 1960s . According to Billboard magazine , `` Reeves ' star shone equally bright overseas in England , India , Germany , and even South Africa '' . In the film , the artist sings part of one song in Afrikaans . The soundtrack of 14 songs included the songs `` Kimberley Jim , '' `` Strike It Rich , '' `` I Grew Up , '' `` My Life Is A Gypsy , '' `` Born To Be Lucky , '' `` Old Fashioned Rag , '' `` Diamonds In The Sand , '' `` A Stranger 's Just A Friend , '' `` Fall In And Follow , '' `` Roving Gambler '' and `` Dolly With The Dimpled Knees . ''
Most exteriors were filmed in the area of the small town of Brit while interiors were shot at the Jamie Uys studios in the Northcliff suburb of Johannesburg . Reeves later said that they enjoyed the film-making experience and would consider devoting more of their career to this medium . The film was released in 1965 after Reeves 's death in an airplane crash .
Cast
Jim Reeves - Jim Madison
Madeleine Usher - Julie Patterson
Clive Parnell - Gerry Bates
Arthur Swemmer - Bert Patterson
Vonk de Ridder - Danny Pretorius
Tromp Terréblanche - Ben Vorster
Mike Holt - Punchy
Dawid van der Walt - Jan le Roux
Ruth Neethling - Elize
George Moore - Fred Parker
Freddie Prozesky - Neels le Roux
Don Leonard - Rube
Morris Blake - Max Bloom
Soundtrack
References
External links
1965 films
English-language South African films
Films directed by Emil Nofal
1965 musical comedy films
Munch Mobile is a top-down driving game released in arcades in 1983 . Developed by SNK , it was licensed to Centuri for the US release . SNK published the game in Japan as Joyful Road . The player controls an anthropomorphic car that uses extending arms to grab items from alongside the road . In 1984 , Texas Instruments published a port for its TI-99/4A home computer .
Gameplay
The game is viewed in the top-down perspective and automatically scrolls forward . The goal is to reach the garage at the far end of the road . The player drives a car with a large hand attached that is used to collect objects along the road . The left 8-way stick controls the car , the right two-way stick controls the hands . Fruits give points and gas containers give more fuel . Players gain extra points by disposing of the inedible remains of fruit in trash cans . Trees and other obstacles injure the hand , making it temporarily unusable . Player lives are lost when players run out of fuel or hit other cars .
References
1983 video games
Arcade video games
Racing video games
SNK games
TI-99/4A games
Top-down racing video games
Video games developed in Japan
Qillwiri ( Aymara qillwa , qiwña , qiwlla Andean gull , - ( i ) ri a suffix , also spelled Khellhuiri ) is a mountain in the Andes on the border of Bolivia and Chile . On the Chilean side it is located in the Arica y Parinacota Region . It is situated in the Cordillera Occidental between the mountains Pukintika in the north-west and Lliscaya in the south-east , east of the Suriri salt flat . On the Bolivian side the mountain lies in the Oruro Department , Sabaya Province , Sabaya Municipality .
See also
Kimsa Chata
References
Mountains of Chile
Landforms of Arica y Parinacota Region
Mountains of Oruro Department
EMTEC is part of the Dexxon Group headquartered in Gennevilliers , France , and markets consumer computer data storage products and other computer related consumables . Dexxon Group 's North American subsidiary , Dexxon Digital Storage Inc. is located in Lewis Center , Ohio . EMTEC evolved from BASF Magnetics producing magnetic tapes . Between 1998 and 2002 all of BASF 's cassette lineup ( Ferro Extra , Chrome Extra and Chrome Super , along with the budget tapes Sound 1 and Sound 2 ) were rebranded EMTEC . While cassette manufacture has since ceased in 2005 , and reel-to-reel tape operations were sold to RMGI , EMTEC continues to manufacture other recordable media such as optical discs , MiniDV and VHS cassettes , USB 2.0 and 3.0 Flash Drives . The Flash drives come in a variety of storage sizes . Distribution channels have decreased and EMTEC presence in the market is a shadow of its former BASF self . Since its sale by BASF , EMTEC has undergone several transformations .
History
1935 — The German chemical company BASF acquired Agfa-Gevaert 's magnetic tape business , creating BASF Magnetics .
1996 — BASF Magnetics was spun off of BASF into an independent company , but still 100 % owned by BASF .
1997 — The company changed its name to EMTEC Magnetics after being sold to KOHAP , Ltd. , a Korean textile firm with expertise in PET , the base film used for magnetic tape .
1999 — EMTEC is a compliance-verified licensed manufacturer of LTO technology media products .
2002 — Due to Asian financial crisis , KOHAP sold EMTEC to Legal & General Ventures Ltd. ( LGV ) , a British holding company .
2003 , January — EMTEC Magnetics GmbH ( a subdivision ) files for bankruptcy protection in Germany .
2003 , October — Imation completed its acquisition of certain data storage assets ( including patents and licenses ) of EMTEC Magnetics GmbH for approximately US $ 15 million .
2004 — MPO France , formerly known as Moulages Plastiques de l'Ouest ( not to be confused with Magnetic Products Oosterhout ) acquired certain assets of EMTEC Consumer Media GmbH . This included rights to use the trade name EMTEC .
2004 — Specialized equipment from EMTEC 's Willstätt and Munich plants is liquidated at auction . Some analog audio tape production equipment was acquired by Recording Media Group International ( RMGI ) who now makes EMTEC-branded audio tape .
2006 , May — EMTEC was acquired by The Dexxon Group , a French computer products distribution company .
2011 — EMTEC began creating Flash drives shaped like rubber animals . When the rubber is separated , the flash drive inside is revealed . There are multiple selections , some being a penguin , turtle , rabbit , chicken , clownfish , and dolphin .
Subsidiaries
Pyral — Based in Avranches France , formerly of the chemical group Rhône-Poulenc , made independent in 2004 .
EMTEC Magnetics GmbH — Based in Ludwigshafen am Rhein , Germany and included major coating and converting plants in Willstaett and Munich , Germany , now defunct .
EMTEC Consumer Media GmbH — Based in Ludwigshafen , but included many French assets . This included a cassette fabrication and loading facility in Obenheim . Made independent in November 2002 .
EMTEC da Amazônia — Based in Manaus , Brazil , packaging plant .
References
External links
Dexxon Digital Storage , Inc. ( U.S. subsidiary of Dexxon Group )
RPS division Web site
Information on the 2004 liquidation auction
Electronics companies of France
Aseraggodes is a genus of soles native to the Indian and Pacific oceans . These small flatfishes are poisonous .
Species
It is by far the most species rich genus in the family Soleidae , as there currently are 54 recognized species :
Aseraggodes albidus J. E. Randall & Desoutter-Méniger , 2007
Aseraggodes andersoni J. E. Randall & Bogorodsky , 2013
Aseraggodes auroculus J. E. Randall , 2005
Aseraggodes bahamondei J. E. Randall & Meléndez C. , 1987 ( South Pacific sole )
Aseraggodes beauforti Chabanaud , 1930
Aseraggodes borehami J. E. Randall , 1996 ( Boreham 's sole )
Aseraggodes brevirostris J. E. Randall & Gon , 2006
Aseraggodes chapleaui J. E. Randall & Desoutter-Méniger , 2007
Aseraggodes cheni J. E. Randall & Senou , 2007
Aseraggodes corymbus J. E. Randall & Bartsch , 2007
Aseraggodes crypticus J. E. Randall & G. R. Allen , 2007 ( Cryptic Sole )
Aseraggodes cyaneus ( Alcock , 1890 )
Aseraggodes cyclurus J. E. Randall , 2005
Aseraggodes diringeri ( Quéro , 1997 )
Aseraggodes dubius M. C. W. Weber , 1913
Aseraggodes filiger M. C. W. Weber , 1913
Aseraggodes firmisquamis J. E. Randall & Bartsch , 2005
Aseraggodes guttulatus Kaup , 1858
Aseraggodes haackeanus ( Steindachner , 1883 ) ( Southern sole )
Aseraggodes heemstrai J. E. Randall & Gon , 2006
Aseraggodes heraldi J. E. Randall & Bartsch , 2005
Aseraggodes herrei Seale , 1940 ( Herre 's sole )
Aseraggodes holcomi J. E. Randall , 2002
Aseraggodes jenny J. E. Randall & Gon , 2006
Aseraggodes kaianus ( Günther , 1880 )
Aseraggodes kimurai J. E. Randall & Desoutter-Méniger , 2007
Aseraggodes kobensis ( Steindachner , 1896 )
Aseraggodes kruppi J. E. Randall & Bogorodsky , 2013
Aseraggodes lateralis J. E. Randall , 2005
Aseraggodes lenisquamis J. E. Randall , 2005
Aseraggodes longipinnis J. E. Randall & Desoutter-Méniger , 2007
Aseraggodes macronasus J. E. Randall & Bogorodsky , 2013
Aseraggodes magnoculus J. E. Randall , 2005
Aseraggodes martine J. E. Randall & Bogorodsky , 2013
Aseraggodes matsuurai J. E. Randall & Desoutter-Méniger , 2007
Aseraggodes melanostictus ( W. K. H. Peters , 1877 ) ( Mottled sole )
Aseraggodes microlepidotus M. C. W. Weber , 1913
Aseraggodes nigrocirratus J. E. Randall , 2005
Aseraggodes normani Chabanaud , 1930
Aseraggodes orientalis J. E. Randall & Senou , 2007
Aseraggodes pelvicus J. E. Randall , 2005
Aseraggodes ramsaii ( J. D. Ogilby , 1889 )
Aseraggodes satapoomini J. E. Randall & Desoutter-Méniger , 2007
Aseraggodes senoui J. E. Randall & Desoutter-Méniger , 2007
Aseraggodes sinusarabici Chabanaud , 1931
Aseraggodes steinitzi Joglekar , 1971
Aseraggodes suzumotoi J. E. Randall & Desoutter-Méniger , 2007
Aseraggodes texturatus M. C. W. Weber , 1913
Aseraggodes therese J. E. Randall , 1996 ( Therese 's sole )
Aseraggodes umbratilis ( Alcock , 1894 )
Aseraggodes whitakeri Woods , 1966 ( Whitaker 's sole )
Aseraggodes winterbottomi J. E. Randall & Desoutter-Méniger , 2007 ( Negros sole )
Aseraggodes xenicus ( Matsubara & Ochiai , 1963 ) ( Dwarf sole )
Aseraggodes zizette J. E. Randall & Desoutter-Méniger , 2007
References
Soleidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Johann Jakob Heckel
Falkenstein is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany . The castle was the seat of the Counts of Falkenstein .
History
In 1255 , the Counts of Falkenstein inherited territories of extinct Hagen-Munzenberg . In 1418 , the line died out , the territory was passed to Lords of Eppstein and Counts of Solms . Later the Solms portion passed to Isenburg-Budingen by female inheritance . In 1647 , there was a siege , shelling and storming of the castle by the French . In 1654 Falkensteiners stormed the building and shot the Lorraine commander Weingart . The last Count of Falkenstein , William Wirich , sold 1667 , the impoverished county to the Duke of Lorraine . In 1736 the Imperial House of Habsburg possessed the county through the marriage of Francis Stephen of Lorraine with Maria Theresia . In 1816 Falkenstein was transferred along with the rest of Pfalz to Kingdom of Bavaria as a result of decisions taken at the Congress of Vienna agreements .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Fuzzy Heroes is a miniatures wargame published by Inner City Games Designs in 1992 that features combat between plush toys and plastic toys .
Gameplay
The book sets out rules for battles between plush toys — the Fuzzy Heroes — and hard plastic heroes — the Renegade Boy Toys . Players should be able to find all the components needed to play in their house : 6-sided dice , a ruler or tape measure , terrain made from pillows and clothes , and the plush and plastic toys themselves .
A fictional history of FrolicHaven is included to explain why the plushies are at war with the plastic toys .
The book also includes an adventure scenario — `` They 've Kidnapped Santa '' — to add an element of role-playing to the miniatures combat .
Setup
The players build a `` terrain '' on any suitable surface using clothing and pillows .
Character generation
Each toy is given points in six abilities — Energy Points , Defensive Classification , Movement Allowance , Energy Dice and Terrain Effects — based on its actual physical size , characteristics and color .
Movement
Each toy can move its rated Movement Allowance minus the effect of terrain .
Combat
If a toy is within 6 inches of its target it can attack . For each of its attacks , the player rolls three 6-sided dice . If the total exceeds the defender 's Defensive Classification , then the attacker rolls its Energy Dice for damage . If the damage exceeds the target 's Energy Points , the target falls asleep and becomes a terrain obstacle .
Advanced rules
There are several optional advanced rules that cover vehicles , climbing , retreating , fatigues , morale , special attacks , weapon use , and armor .
Publication history
Fuzzy Heroes is an 80-page perfect-bound softcover book designed by Christopher Clark , with illustrations by Jon Niccum , and published by Inner City Games Designs in 1992 . The following year , Inner City published a sequel , Fuzzy Sooper Heroes .
Reception
In the April 1995 edition of Dragon ( Issue # 216 ) , Spike Jones called the book `` the least expensive miniatures game you 'll ever come across '' since all the materials could be found in the average household . Jones found the rules `` simple and quite readable ( although the text does suffer from typo problems . ) '' They criticized the history of the FrolicHaven war as `` filler '' . Nonetheless , Jones thought this game could be a good introduction to the principles of miniatures wargaming for novices , and even a good way for a grandparent or parent to share their love of miniatures combat with children . They concluded by giving the book an average rating of 4 out of 6 , saying , `` The Fuzzy Heroes game makes for a good , inexpensive , and fun game that 'can be enjoyed by the whole family ' ( as the book 's back cover puts it ) . ''
Other reviews
White Wolf # 45 ( July , 1994 )
References
Board games introduced in 1992
Elegia tectorum , previously Chondropetalum tectorum or Restio tectorum , more commonly Cape thatching reed , or dakriet ( in Afrikaans ) , is a member of the restio family , Restionaceae . It is a tufted perennial growing to between 1.5 and 2.25 m , with deciduous leaf sheaths . Flowers are less than 3 mm long . Petals are smooth or hairy in the upper half . E. tectorum is found in marshes and seeps on deep sand in the Western Cape and Eastern Cape of South Africa .
The species was originally noted by Carl Linnaeus the Younger . In 1838 , E. tectorum was noted by Irish botanist William Henry Harvey ( as R. Tectorum ) for its use as a thatching material , and in the making of brooms and baskets . Historically , only the taller forms of the species , growing in the surroundings of Malmesbury , was used for thatching ; the more popular thatching reed was Thamnochortus insignis . Carl Peter Thunberg also noted the use in thatching in 1793 , as did English botanist John Lindley in 1846 . Thurnberg notes the Dutch East India Company had a farm at Zeekoe Valley ( 17 km SSE of the Castle of Good Hope ) , where the reed was cultivated . They describe its use at the Cape of Good Hope as follows :
Elegia tectorum was later called Chondropetalum tectorum , but cladistic analysis , conducted by Moline and Linder ( 2005 ) found that the genera of Chondropetalum and Dovea were imbedded in Elegia .
In cultivation in the UK this plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society 's Award of Garden Merit .
References
tectorum
Endemic flora of South Africa
Flora of the Cape Provinces
Fynbos
Garden plants of Southern Africa
The 1920 New South Wales state election was held on 20 March 1920 . The 24th parliament of New South Wales was dissolved on 18 February 1920 by the Governor , Sir Walter Edward Davidson , on the advice of the Premier William Holman .
The election was for all of the 90 seats in the 25th New South Wales Legislative Assembly , and it was the first to be conducted with multi-member electorates , using the Hare-Clark single transferable vote system .
It was conducted using 24 districts , 15 having 3 members and nine having five members .
Key dates
Results
The assembly was evenly divided , with Labor having 43 seats and the support of Percy Brookfield ( ) and Arthur Gardiner ( Independent Labor ) , while the Nationalists had 28 seats and the support of 15 seats of the Progressive Party and 2 independent Nationalists . The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly did not vote unless there was a tie which meant whichever side provided the speaker was unable to command a majority . Nationalist Daniel Levy controversially accepted re-election as speaker , giving Labor an effective majority .
{ { Australian elections/Title row
| table style = float : right ; clear : right ; margin-left:1em ;
| title = 1920 New South Wales state election
| house = Legislative Assembly
| series = New South Wales state election
| back = 1917
| forward = 1922
| enrolled = 1,154,437
| total_votes = 648,709
| turnout % = 56.19
| turnout chg = −5.24
| informal = 62,900
| informal % = 9.70
| informal chg = +8.68
} }
| }
Changing seats
See also
Candidates of the 1920 New South Wales state election
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly , 1920–1922
Notes
References
Elections in New South Wales
New South Wales State Election
1920s in New South Wales
New South Wales State Election
Diwan Chaman Lall ( 30 October 1892 – 12 November 1973 ) was an Indian politician and diplomat who served as a Member of the Rajya Sabha .
Early life
Chaman Lall was born on 30 October 1892 to Dewan Bahadur Daulat Rai . They received an honors degree in jurisprudence from Jesus College , Oxford , later called to the bar at Middle Temple in London . They worked a journalist , first for the art and literature quarterly magazine Coterie , in London , then as editor and Chief Leader Writer for the newspaper The Bombay Chronicle .
In freedom movement
Lall was a founder and first general secretary of the India Trade Union Congress in 1920 , later becoming its President in 1927 . They established themselves as a leader of workers ' unions , serving as president of the Federation of Posts and Telegraphs Union , All India telegraph Workmen 's Union , All India Postal and R.M.S . Union , All India Press Workers ' Union , NWFP Railway Workmen 's Union and the EP Railway Union . Lall was a member of the Royal Commission on Labour in India during 1929–30 . They recommended that the working hours of industrial workers be reduced and that minimum age for employment at factories be raised to 13 years . They also suggested that the government take steps towards it in conformity with the 1921 Convention that dealt with the same . They represented workers ' interests at the first Round Table Conference in 1930–31 . Lall served as delegate at the International Labour Organization conference in Geneva and led India 's delegation at the 1946 Montreal Conference .
As politician , Lall served as a member of the Central Legislative Assembly first from 1924 to 1931 , and then between 1944 and 1946 . From 1937 to 1945 , they served as member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly from Eastern Punjab constituency reserved for Trade and Labour Unions . In 1946 , Lall became a member of the Constituent Assembly of India before they resigned in two years later .
Constitution making
In 1946 , Chaman Lall was elected to the Constituent Assembly from East Punjab representing the All-India Trade Union Congress party . However , they resigned after two years . They spoke on voting rights of people who migrated to India after the partition .
During their tenure in constitutional assembly , contribute by working in Committees of the Constituent Assembly : Steering Committee and Provincial Constitution Committee .
After Independence
They served as India 's 1st Ambassador to Turkey from 1948 to 1950 . Lall was Member of Rajya Sabha for three consecutive terms 1952 to 1968 .
During their tenure , as a Rajya Sabha member , Lall introduced a private member bill to amend provisions on obscenity in the Indian Penal Code ( 1963 ) . They proposed in the bill , to exempt works of art , or publications meant for research , science or literature from the applicability of obscenity provisions . The amendment was passed in 1969 .
Personal life
They married Dr. Helen Khan and had three children with her ; sons Prakash , Navin Prakash and Rahul .
Bibliography
References
1892 births
1973 deaths
Alumni of Jesus College , Oxford
Members of the Middle Temple
Members of the Central Legislative Assembly of India
Members of the Constituent Assembly of India
Ambassadors of India to Turkey
Rajya Sabha members from Punjab , India
Indian barristers
Indian journalists
Indian National Congress politicians from Punjab , India
Bridge L7075 is a historic arch bridge in Hartford Township , Minnesota , United States . It was initially built around 1940 by the Works Progress Administration with a modular corrugated iron product called Multi Plate for the arches and a masonry façade . The bridge was expanded with a third arch around 1942 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Bridge No . L7075 in 2016 for having local significance in the theme of engineering . It was nominated for being a distinctive example of the era 's Multi Plate arch bridges and for the fine workmanship embodied in its WPA rustic architecture with Neoclassical detailing .
See also
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places listings in Todd County , Minnesota
References
External links
Bridge L7075–Minnesota Department of Transportation
1940 establishments in Minnesota
Arch bridges in the United States
Bridges completed in 1942
Buildings and structures in Todd County , Minnesota
Iron bridges in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Todd County , Minnesota
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Transportation in Todd County , Minnesota
Works Progress Administration in Minnesota
Occupy Baltimore was a collaboration that included peaceful protests and demonstrations . Occupy Baltimore began on October 4 , 2011 , in Baltimore , Maryland , in McKeldin Square near the Inner Harbor area of Downtown Baltimore . It is one of the many Occupy movements around the United States and worldwide , inspired by Occupy Wall Street .
The protesters were evicted from McKeldin Square on December 13 , 2011 .
Origin
The occupation of McKeldin Square began on October 4 , 2011 . This came after a meeting held on October 2 by 150 people at a different location . Those holding the meeting requested that a Baltimore Sun reporter leave .
Messages
Organizers from the beginning did not have a single ideology . Various messages have been voiced by protesters . These include :
Shortages of jobs
Frustrations over the economy
Demands for greater public input in urban planning .
Student loans that are difficult to pay off .
On November 20 , 2011 , the Occupy Baltimore general assembly approved a more comprehensive statement explaining its message . The statement expressed solidarity with the larger Occupy movement and thanks to various Baltimore unions for their letter of support . It also specifically defended the right of demonstrators to an ongoing encampment at McKeldin Fountains :
... through trial and error , we are creating a new system . In our community , everyone gets a hot meal , healthcare , and a voice in direct democracy . It says : there is another way , and we are building it . There are social ills that run deep in the veins of the city . Drug abuse , violence , and theft are symptoms of systemic poverty , not of Occupy Baltimore . Our encampment highlights their existence in an area of the city that usually has the privilege of ignoring them . This ignorance has been facilitated by the City , which typically treats symptoms of poverty rather than their cause . Instead of attacking the messenger , we call for the Baltimore City to enact real and sustainable policies that will address these problems and treat victims with humanity and respect . We call for the city , our country , and our global community to recognize and end their own complicit behavior in real crimes , the enabling of corporate tyranny and an unjust distribution of wealth .
Events
Disruption of Karl Rove
On November 15 , protesters interrupted a speech given by Karl Rove on the Johns Hopkins University campus . They stated that Rove had `` occupied '' Iraq and Afghanistan .
Howard Street Bridge
On November 17 , 2011 , protesters marched on the Howard Street Bridge . The bridge was chosen by the protesters because they said it was a symbol of the city 's decaying infrastructure and the need to get Americans back to work .
Occupy Our Homes
As part of Occupy Our Homes , Occupy Baltimore has begun a project of defending homes threatened with foreclosure .
Their first case was a house on West Lombard Street whose residents were threatened with eviction by Deutsche Bank . The group joined with residents of the neighborhood to physically defend the house from foreclosure by the sheriff . They guarded the house during the two-hour window in which the eviction was announced to occur .
The sheriff arrived unannounced the next day , along with a presumed representative of Deutsche Bank who refused to identify themselves or talk to the homeowner . Locks on the house were change and all property inside was confiscated .
Schools Not Jails
Starting January 16 , 2012 , Occupy Baltimore launched a protest of Maryland 's planned youth jail in Baltimore City . As part of their `` Schools Not Jails Occupation '' campaign , Occupy Baltimore activists entered a fenced site ( owned by the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services ) and began to build a red-painted plywood structure to represent schoolhouse . After negotiating with the activists in a bid to get them to leave , Maryland State Police arrested six people for trespass , and dismantled the building .
Members of the media complain that they were kept well away from the site of arrests .
`` Rec Center ''
On January 20 , 2012 , protesters demonstrated at the War Memorial near Baltimore 's City Hall . They jumped rope , hula-hooped , and juggled in support of Baltimore 's endangered recreation centers . They brought a large prop : a piece of plywood painted to look like the front of a cartoon rec center . Before they could bring the `` rec center '' to the site of the demonstration , they were stopped by a police officer backed by a SWAT team . Claiming that the protesters were blocking traffic , police confiscated the sign and threw it in a dumpster . Representatives from the ACLU suggest that the police 's actions may have violated the demonstrators ' first amendment rights .
Controversies
Emails to the Mayor
In January 2012 , the Baltimore Sun obtained a set of emails received and by the mayor 's office . These emails suggested private collusion between business owners and the city on the topic of Occupy Baltimore . These emails include :
A message from Deputy Mayor Christopher Thomaskutty to Constellation Energy alerting them to protest activity .
An expectation of local [ corruption ] within the [ AFL-CIO ] : `` 'Isnt ernie [ sic ] on the payroll , ' O'Doherty wrote of AFL-CIO president Ernie Grecco . ''
An admission by mayoral spokesperson Ryan O'Doherty that one of the primary motivations for shutting down the camp was the desire to maintain a pristine site for the Mayor 's lighting of a menorah .
The emails also revealed that the city incurred no extra expenses associated with the ongoing encampment . The Sun also noted that the mayor received many emails from students and community leaders supporting the movement . The paper also points out that the city withheld a number of emails , including those referring to police strategy and to the decisions leading up to eviction .
Legality
On October 25 , City Hall declared the encampment was illegal on the basis that McKeldin Square is not a campground . The city stated that anyone is free to protest at the location , but not to camp overnight . Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said each illegal act would be handled on a `` case-by-case basis . '' the city stated that they wanted to avoid a violent confrontation .
The ACLU has defended the movement as constitutionally protected free speech .
Toward the end of November , the movement applied for a 6-month permit to occupy McKeldin Square and to set up 4 large and up to 40 personal tents . The city denied the permit on the basis that permits are not issued for more than 5 days or 150 people .
Concert cancellation
Protesters blamed Baltimore Police for forcing the cancellation of a November 12 concert by the band Celebration . The concert was cancelled over safety concerns .
Cutting off of power
On November 2 , the city cut off power to the occupiers at McKeldin Square , citing safety concerns . The protesters had been using the electrical outlets at the square for their basic needs , including heating food and charging cell phones and laptops . The protesters said this would not stop them . Protesters responded by setting up solar panels and by attempting to set up a bicycle-based power generator .
Crime at McKeldin Square
Rape and robbery allegations
On Friday , October 28 , a woman claimed they had been sexually assaulted in their tent and robbed of $ 1800 cash . They said they could not go home because the attackers had taken their bills and knew where they lived . A 38-year-old man was taken into custody , though no evidence of a sexual assault was found .
Stabbing
On December 5 , a woman was allegedly stabbed by another woman in a fight over not taking care of their cat . A 23-year-old woman was arrested as the prime suspect in the incident , marking the first protest-related arrest .
Camp eviction
On December 13 , 2011 , the Occupy Baltimore protesters were evicted from McKeldin Square at 3:15 AM . Police arrived in riot gear , closed off surrounding streets , and allowed protesters to retrieve their personal belongings prior to departure . The protesters left peacefully . There were no arrests . Of the 40 people who departed , 18 accepted shelter services the city offered on the spot .
The protesters planned to hold a meeting regarding their next plans , and vowed to continue .
See also
Occupy articles
List of global Occupy protest locations
Occupy movement
Timeline of Occupy Wall Street
We are the 99 %
Other protests
15 October 2011 global protests
2011 United States public employee protests
2011 Wisconsin protests
Baltimore
Baltimore Development Corporation
Baltimore Police Department
History of Baltimore
Paul Pojman
Stephanie Rawlings-Blake
The Baltimore Sun
Related articles
Arab Spring
Corruption Perceptions Index
Economic inequality
Grassroots movement
Homelessness in the United States
Income inequality in the United States
Lobbying
Plutocracy
Tea Party protests
Wealth inequality in the United States
References
External links
Photo gallery ( from Baltimore Sun )
Occupy movement in the United States
History of Baltimore
Organizations based in Baltimore
Culture of Baltimore
Politics of Maryland
2011 in Maryland
2012 in Maryland
October 2011 events in the United States
January 2012 events in the United States
Gubyaley is an archaeological site in the Sool region of Somaliland .
Overview
Gubyaley is situated in the Las Anod District , near Goan Bogame . The site features a well with markings on its walls , which are similar to the camel brands used today by Somali herders . Beneath the various symbols are inscriptions that are believed to be associated with the markings .
See also
Somalian architecture
Notes
Sool , Somaliland
Archaeological sites in Somaliland
Chesapeake Light is an offshore lighthouse marking the entrance to the Chesapeake Bay . The structure was first marked with a lightship in the 1930s , and was later replaced by a `` Texas Tower '' in 1965 . The lighthouse was eventually automated and was used for supporting atmospheric measurement sites for NASA and NOAA . Due to deteriorating structural conditions , the lighthouse was deactivated in 2016 . At the time it was the last remaining `` Texas Tower '' still in use due to obsolescence .
History
Chesapeake Light was first established in 1930 using a lightship dubbed United States lightship Chesapeake ( LV-116 ) . It remained on station ( except during World War II ) until it was replaced by the present structure in 1965 . The current light is also referred to as a `` Texas Tower '' , one of six nearly identical lights on the East Coast which were built at the time . At some point the former lightship was moved to the Inner Harbor in Baltimore , Maryland where it is now on display . The light was automated in 1980 , and seventeen years later became a site for NASA to perform meteorological research .
In 2001 , NASA sponsored a field mission at the lighthouse called the Chesapeake Lighthouse and Aircraft Measurements for Satellites ( CLAMS ) . The CLAMS field mission involved six aircraft flying over the lighthouse to improve understanding of atmospheric aerosols , to validate and improve the satellite data products , and to test new instruments and measurement concepts .
Chesapeake Light was used in 2002-2003 by University of Maryland , Baltimore County students for research projects . The following year it was inspected by the Coast Guard for possible dismantling , but the inspection showed the light to be sound . By this time , Chesapeake Light was the last remaining `` Texas tower '' still in use as Frying Pan Shoals Light was deactivated in 2003 . Chesapeake Light continued in service until early July , 2016 when it stopped transmitting data . The NDBC lost its access to the tower to service and maintain the equipment after the coast guard had determined the lighthouse was `` structurally unsound '' . The lighthouse was then auctioned off on August 3 , 2016 where it sold for $ 215,000 ( USD ) to an anonymous buyer .
Meteorological measurement site
For over a decade , the Chesapeake Light has hosted a suite of meteorological and climate-observing instruments that take measurements for NASA 's Clouds and the Earth 's Radiant Energy System ( CERES ) project . The instrument suite , known as CERES Ocean Validation Experiment ( COVE ) , records the direct beam energy from the sun , the sun 's energy scattered by the sky , the amount of sunlight scattered by the ocean surface , wind speed , aerosol composition , air temperature , sea surface temperature and more . The measurements validate observations made by the CERES satellite system , which is managed by NASA 's Langley Research Center in Hampton , Virginia .
The collection of CERES instruments , which are mounted on several space-based satellites , has been operating for more than a decade , creating a long-term record of the key driver of Earth 's climate – the balance of incoming and outgoing solar radiation known as the `` energy budget . ''
The COVE instruments at the Chesapeake Light Station are uniquely located over an all ocean environment , and serve to validate the observations the CERES satellites make over the oceans . Validations over the ocean are important because three quarters of the Earth 's surface is water .
The COVE instrumentation is also part of an international network of satellite ground truth sites known as the Baseline Surface Radiation Network ( BSRN ) .
Other meteorological and atmospheric instrumentation located at Chesapeake Light Station include the AErosol RObotic NETwork ( AERONET ) , which is a ground-based , worldwide network that measures atmospheric aerosols . Chesapeake Light also hosts the Micro Pulse Lidar Network , which measures aerosol and cloud vertical structure , and NOAA 's Ground-Based Global Positioning System Meteorology Network ( GPS-MET ) which measures atmospheric column water vapor .
References
Further reading
External links
Chesapeake Bay Lighthouse Project - Chesapeake Light Station
Chesapeake Bay Lighthouse Project - Lightship Chesapeake
NASA 's COVE Site
Lighthouses completed in 1965
Lighthouses in Virginia
Lighthouses in the Chesapeake Bay
Bahar ( , also Romanized as Bahār ) is a village in Jushaq Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 183 , in 73 families .
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Bunker Hill Breweries was a brewery founded in 1821 by John Cooper and Thomas Gould in Charlestown , ( Boston ) Massachusetts , USA .
See also
List of defunct consumer brands
List of defunct breweries in the United States
References
American companies established in 1821
Food and drink companies disestablished in 1918
Food and drink companies based in Boston
Manufacturing companies based in Boston
Beer brewing companies based in Massachusetts
Defunct consumer brands
American beer brands
Defunct brewery companies of the United States
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Massachusetts
Food and drink companies established in 1821
1821 establishments in Massachusetts
1918 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Słupie may refer to the following places :
Słupie , Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Słupie , Gmina Bakałarzewo in Podlaskie Voivodeship ( north-east Poland )
Słupie , Gmina Suwałki in Podlaskie Voivodeship ( north-east Poland )
Mangashti Amirian ( , 3 February 1936 – 29 April 2021 ) was an Iranian light-heavyweight weightlifter . They placed tenth at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
References
1936 births
2021 deaths
Iranian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Iran
Weightlifters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Khuzestan province
The Uinta Basin ( also known as the Uintah Basin ) is a physiographic section of the larger Colorado Plateaus province , which in turn is part of the larger Intermontane Plateaus physiographic division . It is also a geologic structural basin in eastern Utah , east of the Wasatch Mountains and south of the Uinta Mountains . The Uinta Basin is fed by creeks and rivers flowing south from the Uinta Mountains . Many of the principal rivers ( Strawberry River , Currant Creek , Rock Creek , Lake Fork River , and Uintah River ) flow into the Duchesne River which feeds the Green River—a tributary of the Colorado River . The Uinta Mountains forms the northern border of the Uinta Basin . They contain the highest point in Utah , Kings Peak , with a summit 13,528 feet ( 4123 metres ) above sea level .
The climate of the Uinta Basin is semi-arid , with occasionally severe winter cold .
History
Father Escalante 's expedition visited the Uinta Basin in September 1776 . 1822–1840 French Canadian trappers Étienne Provost , François le Clerc , and Antoine Robidoux entered the Uinta Basin by way of the Old Spanish Trail and made their fortunes by trapping the many beaver and trading with the Uintah tribe . The Northern Ute Indian Reservation was established in 1861 by presidential decree . The United States opened the reservation for homesteading by non-Native Americans in 1905 . During the early decades of the twentieth century , both Native and non-Native irrigation systems were constructed—the Uinta Indian Irrigation Project , the Moon Lake Project , and the Central Utah Project .
Communities
The largest community in the Utah part of the Uinta Basin is Vernal . According to the U.S. Census , the community 's population in 2010 was 9,089 . Other communities in the Utah part of the region include Duchesne , Roosevelt , Altamont , Tabiona , and a number of small unincorporated communities . The Uinta Basin is also the location of the Uintah and Ouray Indian Reservation , home to the Ute Tribe of the Uintah and Ouray Agency ( also known as the Northern Ute Tribe ) . The Ute Tribe is the source of Utah 's state name .
Local attractions include Dinosaur National Monument , Starvation Reservoir State Park , Flaming Gorge National Recreation Area , Raven Ridge and Fantasy Canyon .
The local economy , once based on agriculture and mining , has diversified , and energy extraction and tourism are now major industries as well . In order to move oil out of the region , a new railroad is proposed to be constructed into the basin . In addition , Utah State University operates Branch campuses at Vernal and Roosevelt , expanding educational opportunities in a previously underserved region of Utah .
Physiography
The Uinta Basin is the most northerly section of the Colorado Plateau sections . The basin is above sea level and corresponding to this depression is a broad east-west strip of higher plateau that rises sharply above the denuded country to the south . On the south side of the plateau the descent of , to the general level of eastern Utah on the south , is made in two steps . The first is the Roan Cliffs and the second , the Book Cliffs . Eastward in Colorado the two lines of cliffs are poorly distinguished . The Green River flows southward out of the Uinta Mountains to the north , crossing the Uinta Basin , and flows in a deep gorge known as Desolation Canyon . The Colorado River crosses the eastern portion of this section , cutting off an area of some 40 miles ( 64 kilometres ) in diameter in which are preserved fragments of a lofty lava cap forming Grand Mesa and Battlement Mesa .
Geology
The Uinta Basin forms a geologic structural basin , and is the source of commercial oil and gas production . Separated from the Piceance Basin by the Douglas Creek Arch , both basins formed during the Laramide Orogeny , and are bounded by the Charleston-Nebo thrust fault , the Uinta Basin boundary fault , and the Grand Hogback monocline . The Uinta Basin includes the Wasatch Plateau . According to the USGS Uinta-Piceance Assessment Team , `` The black-shale facies of the Green River Formation is the main petroleum system of Tertiary age whereas the Mahogany zone of the Green River Formation is a minor component . The Cretaceous Mancos Group and equivalent rocks are the main source of Cretaceous oil and a major contributor of gas in the basin , whereas the Upper Cretaceous Mesaverde is a lesser contributor
of oil but a significant source for gas . Ferron Sandstone coals are known to be a source of coalbed methane .
The most prominent source of oil from Paleozoic rocks is the Permian Phosphoria Formation .
During the Laramide Orogeny along the Wasatch Mountains , the north-south trending coast during the Late Cretaceous was receding eastward , at the same time the area where the basin is located was subsiding , creating a lacustrine environment . A clastic wedge consisting of the North Horn , Colton , and Wasatch was deposited northwards . These sediments interfingered with organic-rich lacustrine clays and carbonate muds of the Green River and Flagstaff facies . Later , deposits originated from the Uinta Mountains from the north , forming a southward-thinning clastic wedge . A carbonate sediment consisting of an organic-rich oil shale was deposited from the middle Eocene into the Oligocene . The basin is also known for solid-hydrocarbon-filled fractures consisting of ozocerite , gilsonite , and wurtzilite .
In 1948 , oil was discovered in the Paleozoic portion of the basin at Ashley Valley . Tertiary discoveries followed in 1948 at Roosevelt , and then the Red Wash Field and Duchesne Field in 1951 . The Bluebell Field was discovered in 1967 and the Altamont Field in 1970 . The Altamont-Bluebell structural trap occurs where the Wasatch sandstone pinches out .
See also
Billie Untermann
References
External links
Utah -- Place . Population , Housing Units , Area , and Density : 2000 . U.S. Census Bureau
Utah History to Go
The Uintah Basin Standard
Utah State University , Uintah Basin Campus
Historic American Engineering Record ( HAER ) documentation , filed under Duchesne , Duchesne County , UT :
Structural basins of the United States
Sedimentary basins of North America
Colorado Plateau
Green River ( Colorado River tributary )
Regions of Colorado
Historic American Engineering Record in Utah
Regions of Utah
Landforms of Duchesne County , Utah
Landforms of Daggett County , Utah
Geography of Moffat County , Colorado
Landforms of Uintah County , Utah
Landforms of Wasatch County , Utah
Physiographic sections
Elena of Avalor is an American computer-animated adventure television series that premiered on Disney Channel on July 22 , 2016 , and moved to Disney Junior on July 14 , 2018 . The series features Aimee Carrero as the voice of Elena , an adult Latina princess .
The series finale aired on August 23 , 2020 .
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 ( 2016–17 )
Season 2 ( 2017–19 )
Season 3 ( 2019–20 )
Note : Starting with this season like the other Disney Junior shows from the time , episode title cards have been discontinued , but the titles are still spoken .
Shorts
Adventures in Vallestrella ( 2017 )
A short-form series titled Elena of Avalor : Adventures in Vallestrella premiered on Disney Junior on October 14 , 2017 , starring Elena and Isabel as they help baby Jaquins in Vallestrella .
Scepter Training with Zuzo ( 2018 )
A second short-form series debuted on Disney Junior on February 24 , 2018 . It involves Zuzo , Elena 's animal spirit guide , training them to properly use and strengthen the strong powers of their Scepter of Light .
The Secret Life of Sirenas ( 2018 )
A third short-form series entitled The Secret Life of Sirenas follows the movie Song of the Sirenas , which features the Sirenas in their day-to-day lives . It debuted on Disney Junior on September 21 , 2018 .
Discovering the Magic Within ( 2019 )
A fourth short-form series entitled Discovering the Magic Within follows the special The Magic Within , which features Princess Elena and their family and friends dealing with their newly strengthened magical abilities . It debuted on Disney Junior on October 13 , 2019 .
See also
Elena and the Secret of Avalor , a crossover television film with Sofia the First , which premiered on November 20 , 2016 .
References
Lists of American children 's animated television series episodes
Lists of Disney Channel television series episodes
Tuscaloosa station is an Amtrak intercity rail station located at 2105 Greensboro Avenue one mile south of downtown Tuscaloosa , Alabama . Currently served exclusively by the Crescent to New York or New Orleans , the station was originally operated by the Southern Railway . Tuscaloosa was one of the last railroad-operated active passenger stations in the country , as the Southern Crescent , predecessor to the current Amtrak train , was still operated by the Southern well into the Amtrak era .
References
External links
Tuscaloosa Amtrak Station ( USA Rail Guide -- Train Web )
Tuscaloosa ( TCL ) -- Great American Stations ( Amtrak )
Transportation in Tuscaloosa , Alabama
Amtrak stations in Alabama
Stations along Southern Railway lines in the United States
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1911
Transportation buildings and structures in Tuscaloosa County , Alabama
Uni Hill Factory Outlets is a shopping precinct located in the University Hill area of Bundoora in the outer north eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Australia . Brand Junction is one of nine precincts anticipated by the Janefield Development Plan , which was approved on 20 July 2004 by the City of Whittlesea and contains a mix of residential , commercial , retail and industry intended to be developed over the next 10–12 years by Melbourne property developer MAB Corporation on a site which is bounded by Plenty Road to the west , the Metropolitan Ring Road to the south , the Plenty Road Gorge Parklands to the east and RMIT University 's Bundoora East Campus to the north .
Brand Junction , which was approved by the City of Whittlesea in 2005 , has been built by St Hilliers at an expected cost of A $ 40 million , and is expected to include a Coles supermarket , 28 specialty stores and up to 90 factory outlets in tenancies ranging from 80 square meters to over 500 square meters and offering discounted fashion , footwear , homewares , shopping and lifestyle goods from name brands . Some tenants already signed up include Laura Ashley , Harris Scarfe , Roger David and Wittner .
History of University Hill
Historically , what is now the University Hill precinct was originally used from October 1920 until July 1925 as a farm by the Australian Red Cross for training ex-servicemen convalescing for tuberculosis . On 27 October 1937 , the site , known as Janefield , was gazetted as a centre for children with severe intellectual disabilities , and the first children were moved to the facility from Kew Cottages a month later . It was known by the unfortunate title of Janefield Colony for the Treatment of Mental Defectives until 1962 , after which it became a Training Centre under the provisions of the Mental Health Act 1959 . At its height , the centre had a special school , farm , gym , family unit , swimming pool and theatre . Due in part to changing community attitudes about the care of intellectually disabled people , the centre was closed in 1995 by the Kennett Liberal government , and residents were moved into new residential accommodation just north of the site , at a site known as Plenty Residential Services . Reserves over the rest of the land ( about ) were revoked under section 10 of the Land ( Miscellaneous Matters ) and National Tennis Centre ( Amendment ) Act 1994 , to facilitate the sale and redevelopment of the land for residential purposes as part of the then-Federal Government 's `` Building Better Cities '' program .
The land was subsequently purchased by the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology ( RMIT , later RMIT University ) in July 1997 at a cost of A $ 12 million , with the intention of building a technology estate , a neighbourhood shopping centre , a residential subdivision and recreational facilities ( including a golf course ) on the site . The final master plan was approved by the City of Whittlesea in November 1998 . However , a status report presented to the University 's board on 30 October 2001 , delivered in the midst of a cash crisis for the University as a whole , recommended `` that efforts and activities to develop and implement the RMIT Technology Estate as a major physical project on the Janefield site should cease '' . The report attributed the failure to implement the project to several factors , including lack of State Government support , absence of private sector involvement and investment , and inadequate resources within RMIT . On 5 March 2003 the Victorian Minister for Education granted permission for the University to sell the still in their possession , and a public tender process was conducted on RMIT 's behalf by Jones Lang LaSalle . The tender was won by Melbourne developer MAB Corporation , who worked with the City of Whittlesea to create a new master plan for a mixed-use urban village consisting of industrial , retail , residential and community facilities .
References
Shopping centres in Melbourne
Shopping malls established in 2007
Pizza is a 2005 coming-of-age comedy film written and directed by Mark Christopher , filmed in and around Milford , Pennsylvania in 2003 . It was screened at the Seattle International Film Festival on May 27 , 2005 and had a limited release on January 20 , 2006 . The region 1 DVD was released on October 24 , 2006 .
Plot
Cara-Ethyl ( Kylie Sparks ) is an eccentric and sheltered girl on the eve of their eighteenth birthday who desperately dreams of an exciting life . But she 's left with their blind , clueless ( but well-meaning ) mother ( Julie Hagerty ) , a pest of a brother and made-up friends ( Cara pretends they have a friend for them mother ) .
All that is changed when the pizza man , Matt Firenze ( Ethan Embry ) , comes to the door . Soon , Cara persuades Matt to allow them to go with them on their deliveries . As the night progresses , Cara-Ethyl and Matt impart their wisdom and learn from each other , and both are forced to evaluate their lives .
Cast
Ethan Embry as Matt Firenze
Kylie Sparks as Cara-Ethyl
Alexis Dziena as Emily
Julie Hagerty as Darlene
Judah Friedlander as Jimmy
Marylouise Burke as Aunt Grandma
Richard Easton as Mr. Mitchell
Jessica Dunphy as Desire
Julia Kay as Gina Morrissey
Jesse McCartney as Justin Bridges
References
External links
2005 films
2000s coming-of-age comedy films
American coming-of-age comedy films
2005 comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Greater Quad Cities , IA/IL is a nickname for the Davenport–Moline–Clinton , Muscatine , IA–IL Combined Statistical Area , an area that is made up of four counties in Iowa and three in Illinois . The statistical area includes one metropolitan areas and two micropolitan area . As of the 2010 Census , the CSA had a population of 471,551 ( though a March 2017 estimate placed the population at 472,153 ) .
The area consists of the :
Quad Cities Metropolitan Area , population 383,681 .
Clinton , IA Micropolitan Statistical Area , population 48,420 .
Muscatine , Iowa micropolitan area , population 54,118 .
Counties
In Iowa
Scott County pop . 170,385
Clinton County pop . 48,420
Muscatine County pop . 42,836
Louisa County pop . 11,282
In Illinois
Rock Island County pop . 147,258
Henry County pop . 49,860
Mercer County pop . 16,178
Communities
The communities ( both incorporated and unincorporated ) in the combined statistical area are as follows :
In Iowa
In Illinois
Education institutes
Higher education
Eastern Iowa Community Colleges
Primary and secondary education
Transportation
Airports
Below is a list of the airports in the greater area , followed by their number of enplanements ( commercial passenger boardings ) that occurred at the airport in calendar year 2013 .
Public
Quad City International Airport , 49,170
Davenport Municipal Airport , 28,251
Muscatine Municipal Airport , 14,106
Clinton Municipal Airport , 14,106
Interstates
Interstate 80
Interstate 74
Interstate 88
Interstate 280
Principal Highways
U.S. Highway 30
U.S. Highway 61
U.S. Highway 67
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 150
State Highways
Iowa State Route 22
Iowa State Route 38
Iowa State Route 70
Iowa State Route 78
Iowa State Route 92
Iowa State Route 130
Iowa State Route 136
Illinois State Route 5
Illinois State Route 17
Illinois State Route 78
Illinois State Route 81
Illinois State Route 82
Illinois State Route 84
Illinois State Route 92
Illinois State Route 93
Illinois State Route 94
Illinois State Route 192
Shopping
Below are some notable shopping centers in the area :
NorthPark Mall ( Davenport , IA )
SouthPark Mall ( Moline , IL )
Muscatine Mall ( Muscatine , IA )
References
Davenport , Iowa
Muscatine County , Iowa
Louisa County , Iowa
Obrowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has a population of 480 .
References
Obrowiec
Liebherr-Aerospace is the aerospace equipment manufacturing division of Liebherr . The company is an original equipment manufacturer ( OEM ) ; its low visibility in the minds of end consumers can be attributed to the OEM nature of all its operations .
Liebherr-Aerospace contributed €1.3 billion ( $ 1.5bn ) to total Liebherr group sales of €9 billion in 2016 . This represented an increase of nearly 5 % in turnover for the division . The division was reported to be employing around 5400 people all over the world . It has two primary production and assembly centres : Liebherr-Aerospace Toulouse and Liebherr-Aerospace Lindenberg .
Some of the other sites include : Liebherr-Aerospace Saline , Michigan , U.S. , Liebherr-Aerospace Singapore , Liebherr-Aerospace Dubai , U.A.E , Liebherr-Aerospace Laval , Canada , Liebherr-Aerospace Maintenance centre , Shanghai , Liebherr-Aerospace , Bangalore , India , Liebherr-Aerospace Toulouse , Campsas site , Liebherr-Aerospace Brasil , Guaratingueta , Liebherr-Aerospace Nizhny Novgorod ( Russia ) .
The Lindenberg and Toulouse centres of Liebherr have been recognized by the European Aviation Safety Agency ( EASA ) as a Design Organization Approval ( DOA ) certified company . This certification encompasses : landing gear systems , air management systems , and flight control actuation systems .
Production and other activities
Liebherr-Aerospace supplies aircraft flight control and actuation systems , landing gear , air management systems ( bleed air systems , wing anti ice , etc . ) , on-board electronics as well as gears and gearboxes for the aerospace industry . These systems are deployed in wide-bodied aircraft , single aisle and regional aircraft , business jets , combat aircraft , military transport aircraft , military training aircraft , civil helicopters and combat helicopters .
Being in Toulouse , Liebherr-Aerospace benefits from being in close proximity to the base of operations of one of their most important customers , Airbus .
Apart from manufacturing activities Liebherr-Aerospace also services and overhauls in-service components for their customers ( Airlines etc. ) . It also provides training courses for mechanics , engineers and other relevant personnel who work with any Aircraft which carries Liebherr products .
USM – Used Serviceable Materials
On 16 July 2018 , it was reported that Liebherr-Aerospace was expanding its services in a new direction by setting up a global network for USM parts to be managed from their Dubai offices . They plan to source own products and systems from retired aircraft , perform repairs if necessary and redistribute and sell through their network . The serviced parts will be released with appropriate airworthiness certifications and will come with a `` Repaired by Liebherr '' tag instead of a `` New '' tag . It is reported that their initial focus will be on Airbus fleets and families with a subsequent expansion . The target Customers are those with mature fleets , who will be requiring OEM quality parts at lower operation costs .
Research and development
The firm was reported to have invested in 2017 about €70 million ( $ 82m ) in R & D : more than 17 % of revenue .
B777X Wingtips
One of the most recent developments is the design of folding wingtips which are being implemented on the Boeing 777X . Due to its much larger wingspan the 777X could not be classified in the same category as the B777 . With the folding wingtips 777X will still be in the same wingspan category as the B777 . For take-off , the wing tips will be unfolded back into the horizontal position , providing the benefit of an extended span to increase fuel efficiency . The folding wing tip system is the first of its kind in commercial aviation .
3D Printing and Fuel Cells
The firm uses 3D printing technology to manufacture some of their products . The firm has also invested in developing tools and parts of their products using titanium because of the benefits it offers .
The firm is working on developing fuel cells along with their partners General Motors . Liebherr is interested in the use of fuel cells to replace APU 's ( auxiliary power unit ) on conventional aircraft , greatly reducing emissions . GM on the other hand is aiming to develop a primary source of energy for electric cars .
Hyperloop
Liebherr-Aerospace partnered with TransPod for the research , development , and production of new cabin and vehicle thermal systems designed specifically for TransPod 's hyperloop system to ensure safety , efficiency , and passenger comfort .
Presence at recent events
Liebherr-Aerospace is among the exhibitors at ILA Berlin Air Show . and was present in the latest edition of the Farnborough Air Show as well .
Incidents
On 18 July 2018 , an explosion was reported at Liebherr-Aerospace 's , Toulouse site . According to news reports , a valve on a high pressure air circulation system on the shop floor failed due to undetermined reasons . According to one of the reports , the explosion of the high pressure air lines was heard kilometres away . The accident took place during work hours , around 2 PM . The pressure of the high pressure line has been reported to be around 25 Bars , which is 25 times the normal atmospheric pressure . News agencies report that 39 employees were treated on site by emergency services and the in-house medical teams . Around 12 employees who were in immediate vicinity were affected and had respiratory and hearing problems , Three of them were hospitalised at the Toulouse Purpan Hospital .
Customers
The direct customers for Liebherr Aerospace are the air frame manufacturers as listed below , but end customers like Airlines also deal directly with Liebherr Aerospace for maintenance and troubleshooting .
Airbus
Airbus Helicopters
Airbus Defense
Bombardier
ATR
Embraer
Boeing
COMAC
Dassault Aviation
Agusta Westland
Irkut Corporation
Antonov
Sukhoi
References
Aerospace companies of France
Aerospace companies of Germany
Manufacturing companies based in Toulouse
Gandakasia is an extinct genus of ambulocetid from Pakistan , that lived in the Eocene epoch . It probably caught its prey near rivers or streams .
Just like Himalayacetus , Gandakasia is only known from a single jaw fragment , making comparisons to other ambulocetids difficult .
The first ambulocetid to be described , Gandakasia was not initially recognized as a cetacean .
Gandakasia probably inhabited a freshwater niche similar to the pakicetids .
References
Ambulocetidae
Prehistoric cetacean genera
Fossil taxa described in 1958
Extinct mammals of Asia
Simon Webb ( born 24 September 1981 ) is a former English cricketer . Webb was a right-handed batsman . They were born in Grimsby , Lincolnshire .
Webb made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 2000 MCCA Knockout Trophy against Cheshire . Webb played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 2001 to 2007 , which included 12 Minor Counties Championship matches and 4 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches . They made their List A debut against Glamorgan in the 3rd round of the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy . In this match , Webb scored 55 runs from 104 balls , before being dismissed by Andrew Davies . They played a further List A match against Cheshire in the 2nd round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002 . In this match , they scored an unbeaten 7 runs .
References
External links
Simon Webb at ESPNcricinfo
Simon Webb at CricketArchive
1981 births
Living people
Cricketers from Grimsby
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
A Night at the Movies can be :
A Night at the Movies ( film ) , a short film by humorist Robert Benchley
`` A Night at the Movies '' ( CSI ) , an episode of CSI : Crime Scene Investigation
A Night at the Movies , a 1987 anthology by Robert Coover
A Night at the Movies , a 1997 album by David Essex
VSSE may refer to :
Veiligheid van de Staat - Sureté de l'État , the Belgian State Security Service
The Vital Situation , Swift-Elimination International Intelligence Agency ; a fictional organization in the Time Crisis series of video games
The 2007 European Ladies ' Team Championship took place 10–14 July at Golf Club Castelconturbia in Agrate Conturbia , Italy . It was the 25th women 's golf amateur European Ladies ' Team Championship .
Venue
The hosting Golf Club Castelconturbia was refounded in 1984 . The three nine-hole courses , situated in Agrate Conturbia , in the Italian region of Piedmont , 60 kilometres north-west of Milan , on land were golf was played 90 years earlier , was designed by Robert Trent Jones Sr. and opened in 1987 .
The club had previously twice hosted the Italian Open on the European Tour , 1991 and 1998 .
Format
All participating teams played two qualification rounds of stroke-play with six players , counted the five best scores for each team .
The eight best teams formed flight A , in knock-out match-play over the next three days . The teams were seeded based on their positions after the stroke-play . The first placed team was drawn to play the quarter final against the eight placed team , the second against the seventh , the third against the sixth and the fourth against the fifth . In each match between two nation teams , two 18-hole foursome games and five 18-hole single games were played . Teams were allowed to switch players during the team matches , selecting other players in to the afternoon single games after the morning foursome games . Teams knocked out after the quarter finals played one foursome game and four single games in each of their remaining matches . Games all square after 18 holes were declared halved , if the team match was already decided .
The eight teams placed 9–16 in the qualification stroke-play formed flight B , to play similar knock-out match-play , with one foursome game and four single games to decide their final positions .
Teams
16 nation teams contested the event . Each team consisted of six players .
Players in teams
Winners
Defending champions Spain lead the opening 36-hole qualifying competition , with a score of 14 under par 706 , 16 strokes ahead of team Sweden on second place .
Tied individual leaders in the 36-hole stroke-play competition was Emma Cabrera-Bello , Spain , and Anna Nordqvist , Sweden , each with a score of 8 under par 136
Team Spain won the championship , beating Sweden 5–2 in the final and earned their fourth title and third in a row . Team England earned third place , beating Germany 4–3 in the bronze match .
Results
Qualification round
Team standings
* Note : In the event of a tie the order was determined by the better total non-counting scores .
Individual leaders
Note : There was no official award for the lowest individual score .
Flight A
Bracket
Final games
* Note : Game all square after 18 holes declared halved , since team match already decided .
Flight B
Bracket
Final standings
Sources :
See also
Espirito Santo Trophy – biennial world amateur team golf championship for women organized by the International Golf Federation .
European Amateur Team Championship – European amateur team golf championship for men organised by the European Golf Association .
References
External links
European Golf Association : Results
European Ladies ' Team Championship
Golf tournaments in Italy
European Ladies ' Team Championship
European Ladies ' Team Championship
European Ladies ' Team Championship
The Bombay plague epidemic was a bubonic plague epidemic that struck the city of Bombay ( present-day Mumbai ) in the late nineteenth century . The plague killed thousands , and many fled the city leading to a drastic fall in the population of the city .
Causes
The rapid growth of Bombay 's commerce led to a large influx of workers . In the 1891 census , the population of Bombay was counted to be 820,000 . Most of the immigrant workers ( over 70 % ) lived in chawls . The city services were not geared towards the well-being of the working class and various diseases were endemic to the slums .
Detection
In September 1896 , the first case of bubonic plague was detected in Mandvi by Dr. Acacio Gabriel Viegas . It spread rapidly to other parts of the city , and the death toll was estimated at 1,900 people per week through the rest of the year . Many people fled from Bombay at this time , and in the census of 1901 , the population had actually fallen to 780,000 . Viegas correctly diagnosed the disease as bubonic plague and tended to patients at great personal risk . They then launched a vociferous campaign to clean up slums and exterminate rats , the carriers of the fleas which spread the plague bacterium . To confirm Viegas ' findings , four teams of independent experts were brought in . With their diagnosis proving to be correct , the Governor of Bombay invited W M Haffkine , who had earlier formulated a vaccine for cholera , to do the same for the epidemic .
In the first year of the plague , a research laboratory was set up at the JJ Hospital . It moved in 1899 to the Government House in Parel under the directorship of Haffkine . This was the beginning of the Haffkine Institute .
Those who could afford it tried to avoid the plague by moving out of the city . Jamsetji Tata tried to open up the northern suburbs to accommodate such people . The brunt of the plague was borne by mill workers . The anti-plague activities of the health department involved police searches , isolation of the sick , detention in camps of travellers and forced evacuation of residents in parts of the city . These measures were widely regarded as offensive and alarming . The extent of this outrage was demonstrated with the murder of W.C. Rand , British chairperson of the Special Plague Committee . They were murdered by the Chapekar brothers , two Indian revolutionaries angered by the intrusive methods employed by the British to combat the plague in Pune .
In 1900 , the mortality rate from plague was about 22 per thousand . In the same year , the corresponding rates from tuberculosis were 12 per thousand , from cholera about 14 per thousand , and about 22 per thousand from various other illnesses classified as `` fevers '' . The plague was fearsome only because it was apparently contagious . More mundane diseases took a larger toll .
On 9 December 1898 , the Bombay City Improvement Trust ( CIT ) was created by an act of the British Parliament . It was entrusted with the job of creating a healthier city . One of the measures taken by the CIT was the building of roads , like Princess Street and Sydenham Road ( now Mohammedali Road ) , which would channel the sea air into the more crowded parts of the city .
References
External links
The Plague epidemics
History of Mumbai
Epidemics in India
19th-century epidemics
1896 in India
Third plague pandemic
1890s health disasters
Thayetkon may refer to several places in Burma :
Thayetkon ( 24°38 '' N 95°40 '' E ) -Banmauk Township , Sagaing Region
Thayetkon ( 24°31 '' N 95°42 '' E ) -Banmauk Township , Sagaing Region
Thayetkon ( 24°20 '' N 95°19 '' E ) -Banmauk Township , Sagaing Region
Antirrhinum coulterianum ( syn . Sairocarpus coulterianus ) is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common name Coulter 's snapdragon .
Distribution
It is native to southern California and Baja California , where it grows in desert shrublands and in the coastal hills and mountains , especially in areas that have recently burned .
Description
Antirrhinum coulterianum is an annual herb producing an erect stem which often clings to objects or other plants for support . It is mostly hairless , except for the inflorescence at the top , which can be quite woolly .
Leaves are sparse and generally linear and there is often a basal rosette of leaves at the base of the stem ; this is the only Antirrhinum that forms such a rosette .
The top of the mostly naked stem is occupied by a raceme inflorescence of white snapdragon flowers , which are often tinted with lavender or pink , especially when newly opened . Each flower is about a centimeter wide .
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment : Antirrhinum coulterianum
USDA Plants Profile
Antirrhinum coulterianum — U.C . Photo gallery
coulterianum
Flora of California
Flora of Baja California
Flora of the California desert regions
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
This list of protected areas of Myanmar includes national parks , wildlife sanctuaries and botanical gardens that were established since 1927 .
National parks
Alaungdaw Kathapa National Park in Sagaing Region ,
Hkakaborazi National Park in Kachin State ,
Lampi Island Marine National Park in Tanintharyi Region ,
Natmataung National Park in Chin State ,
Popa Mountain National Park in Mandalay Region
Wildlife sanctuaries
Bumhpa Bum Wildlife Sanctuary in Kachin State ,
Chatthin Wildlife Sanctuary in Sagaing Region ,
Htamanthi Wildlife Sanctuary in Sagaing Region ,
Hukaung Valley Wildlife Sanctuary in Kachin State , plus extension of
Indawgyi Lake Wildlife Sanctuary in Kachin State ,
Inlay Lake Wetland Sanctuary in Shan State ,
Kahilu Wildlife Sanctuary
Kyauk Pan Taung Wildlife Sanctuary in Chin state
Kelatha Wildlife Sanctuary in Mon State
Kyaikhtiyo Wildlife Sanctuary in Mon State ,
Loimwe Protected Area in Shan State , .
Mahamyaing Wildlife Sanctuary in Sagaing Region ,
Mein-ma-hla Kyun Wildlife Sanctuary in Ayeyarwady Region ,
Minwuntaung Wildlife Sanctuary in Sagaing Region ,
Minsontaung Wildlife Sanctuary in Mandalay Region ,
Moeyungyi Wetland Wildlife Sanctuary in Bago Region ,
Moscos Islands Wildlife Sanctuary in Tanintharyi Region ,
Mulayit Wildlife Sanctuary in Kayin State ,
Panlaung and Padalin Cave Wildlife Sanctuary in Shan State ,
Parsar Protected Area in Shan State ,
Pidaung Wildlife Sanctuary in Kachin State ,
Pyin-O-Lwin Bird Sanctuary in Mandalay Region ,
Rakhine Yoma Elephant Reserve in Rakhine State ,
Shwesettaw Wildlife Reserve in Magwe Region ,
Shwe-U-Daung Wildlife Sanctuary
Thamihla Kyun Wildlife Sanctuary in Ayeyarwady Region ,
Tanintharyi Nature Reserve in the Tenasserim Hills ,
Taunggyi Bird Sanctuary in the Shan Hills ,
Wethtigan Wildlife Sanctuary in Magwe Region ,
Nature Parks
Hlawga Park in northern Yangon Region ,
Myaing Hay Wun Elephant Park in Yangon Region
National Kandawgyi Botanical Gardens in Mandalay Region
Sein Ye Forest Park in Bago Region
See also
Deforestation in Myanmar
References
External links
Myanmar
Protected areas
Hrodivka ( ) is an urban-type settlement in the Pokrovsk Raion , Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine . The population is
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001 :
Ukrainian 86.91 %
Russian 12.77 %
Belarusian 0.09 %
Armenian 0.03 %
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Myrton Nathan Basing ( October 29 , 1900 – April 29 , 1957 ) was a halfback in the National Football League .
Biography
Basing was born Myrton Nathan Basing on October 29 , 1900 in Appleton , Wisconsin . They died in 1957 in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Career
Basing played with the Green Bay Packers for five seasons . They played at the collegiate level at Lawrence University .
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1900 births
1957 deaths
American football halfbacks
Green Bay Packers players
Lawrence Vikings football players
Sportspeople from Appleton , Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Edith Cigana ( born 15 February 1968 ) is an athlete from Italy . They compete in triathlon .
Cigana competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . They took twenty-seventh place with a total time of 2:07:06.81 .
References
1968 births
Living people
Italian female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Italy
Paratyndaris is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae , containing the following species :
Paratyndaris acaciae Knull , 1937
Paratyndaris albofasciata Knull , 1937
Paratyndaris anomalis Knull , 1937
Paratyndaris antillarum Fisher , 1940
Paratyndaris barberi ( Skinner , 1903 )
Paratyndaris chamaeleonis ( Skinner , 1903 )
Paratyndaris cincta ( Horn , 1885 )
Paratyndaris costata Nelson & Bellamy , 2004
Paratyndaris coursetiae Fisher , 1919
Paratyndaris crandalli Knull , 1941
Paratyndaris dozieri Nelson & Bellamy , 2004
Paratyndaris equihuai Westcott , 2000
Paratyndaris grassmani Parker , 1947
Paratyndaris knulli ( Barr , 1972 )
Paratyndaris lateralis ( Barr , 1972 )
Paratyndaris mexicana Fisher , 1933
Paratyndaris mimica Nelson & Bellamy , 2004
Paratyndaris mojito ( Bílý , 1987 )
Paratyndaris nelsoni ( Barr , 1972 )
Paratyndaris olneyae ( Skinner , 1903 )
Paratyndaris paralateralis Nelson & Bellamy , 2004
Paratyndaris peninsularis Westcott , 2000
Paratyndaris prosopis ( Skinner , 1903 )
Paratyndaris pulchra Nelson & Bellamy , 2004
Paratyndaris quadrinotata Knull , 1938
Paratyndaris robusta ( Dozier , 1988 )
Paratyndaris similis Nelson & Bellamy , 2004
Paratyndaris subcostata ( Barr , 1972 )
Paratyndaris suturalis Fall , 1934
Paratyndaris trilobata Westcott , 2000
Paratyndaris tucsoni Knull , 1938
Paratyndaris turbida Nelson & Bellamy , 2004
Paratyndaris uniformis Nelson & Bellamy , 2004
Paratyndaris variabilis Westcott , 2000
Paratyndaris verityi Nelson & Bellamy , 2004
Paratyndaris westcotti Nelson & Bellamy , 2004
References
Buprestidae genera
Robert Wyndham Ketton-Cremer , ( 2 May 1906 – 12 December 1969 ) was an English landowner , biographer and historian . They bequeathed their family seat , Felbrigg Hall , to the National Trust .
Early life
Robert Wyndham Cremer was born in Plympton , Devon , on 2 May 1906 to Wyndham Cremer Ketton-Cremer and their wife Emily Bayly . They were educated at Harrow School . They and their brother assumed the surname Ketton-Cremer in 1924 . They won an exhibition to Balliol College , Oxford where they read English Literature . While at Oxford they published poetry .
Life at Felbrigg
They were a descendant of the Wyndham family , who owned the Felbrigg estate in Norfolk , and was known as `` the Last Squire '' . They inherited the estate on the death of their father in 1933 . Wyndham Ketton-Cremer 's heir , their younger brother Richard , died in Crete during the Second World War . Ketton-Cremer also owned the Beeston Regis estate , including what is now Beeston Hall School .
Ketton-Cremer never married . They were a closet homosexual , at a time when homosexual acts were still criminalised though
close friends were aware of their sexuality . With regard to intimate relationships , the novelist and critic Anthony Powell , who dedicated their novel The Kindly Ones to Ketton-Cremer ( who read proofs of Powell 's books and suggested improvements , up to the time of their death ) wrote in 1988 , questioning the appropriateness of Ketton-Cremer 's name being included in a `` list of homosexual undergraduates '' in Bevis Hillier 's Young Betjeman , `` I knew Ketton-Cremer ... and never heard a suggestion that they had physical relations with another human being , then [ at Oxford ] or throughout their life . '' They stood godfather to the children of their friends , including Tristram Powell , son of Anthony Powell .
Public appointments
They were a justice of the peace and as such was required to witness two hangings . They were a major in the East Norfolk Home Guard during the Second World War . They served as High Sheriff of Norfolk in 1951–52 and was a trustee of National Portrait Gallery .
Writing
Ketton-Cremer wrote widely on the history of their native Norfolk as well as number of biographies , including one of Whig statesman William Windham , one of politician Horace Walpole , and one of the poet Thomas Gray , for which they won the James Tait Black Award . An annotated bibliography was published in 1995 . Their works include :
The Early Life and Diaries of William Windham . Faber and Faber , London , 1930 .
Horace Walpole : A Biography . Faber and Faber , London , 1940 ; revised edition 1946 .
Oliver Le Neve and their duel with Sir Henry Hobart , National Trust Collections , Felbrigg Hall , 1941
Norfolk Portraits , 1944
A Norfolk Gallery , 1948
Country Neighbourhood . Faber and Faber , London , 1951 .
Thomas Gray , 1955
Norfolk Assembly , 1957
Forty Norfolk Essays , 1961
Felbrigg : The Story of a House , 1962
Norfolk in the Civil War : A portrait of a society in conflict . Faber and Faber , London , 1969 .
Honours
In 1968 , Ketton-Cremer was elected a Fellow of the British Academy ( FBA ) . They were also an elected Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London ( FSA ) and Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature ( FRSL ) . They were awarded an honorary Doctor of Letters ( LittD ) by the University of East Anglia in 1969 .
Death and legacy
Ketton-Cremer died on 12 December 1969 . They bequeathed Felbrigg Hall to the National Trust .
A brief memoir was written shortly after their death by the literary scholar Mary Lascelles .
To mark the 50th anniversary of the decriminalisation of sexual activity between men in England and Wales , in summer 2017 the National Trust organised a national `` Prejudice and Pride '' campaign highlighting the LGBT themes in its properties . At Felbrigg Hall that included displaying a short film— narrated by Stephen Fry— in which it was revealed that Robert Wyndham Ketton-Cremer was gay , a fact previously only known to their close friends . Three of Ketton-Cremer 's godchildren criticised the decision , claiming that a public outing would have been against Ketton-Cremer 's wishes and accusing the Trust of using their godfather 's private life to generate publicity . Fry defended the Trust 's decision , justifying it by stating that in their view Ketton-Cremer had only kept their sexuality a secret because of pervasive homophobia and fear of prosecution during their lifetime . Catherine Bennett , in The Guardian , considered it `` unfortunate '' that the Trust attached the `` ambiguous '' Ketton-Cremer , who `` had neither , their family says , come out nor moved ... in circles where homosexuality was unconcealed '' to the Prejudice and Pride campaign , as opposed to a figure such as the openly gay James Lees-Milne , `` who more or less assembled the Trust 's collection of historic houses '' ; the `` dire '' short film featuring `` someone silently [ impersonating ] Ketton-Cremer '' was considered `` undeniably ambitious in imagining how [ Ketton-Cremer ] must have felt about their sexuality '' in light of the fact that `` unhelpfully , the squire appears to have left no records . '' Fry 's stance- that objection to the dubiously-accurate `` outing '' of Ketton-Cremer must be attributed to homophobia- was also criticised as lacking nuance .
References
External links
Literary Norfolk : Ketton-Cremer , Felbrigg .
1906 births
1969 deaths
English biographers
People from Felbrigg
20th-century biographers
English landowners
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Balliol College , Oxford
English poets
High Sheriffs of Norfolk
LGBT writers from England
British gay writers
English justices of the peace
Fellows of the British Academy
Fellows of the Royal Society of Literature
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
British Home Guard officers
Trustees of the National Portrait Gallery
Historians of Norfolk
20th-century male writers
People from Plympton
20th-century LGBT people
British LGBT poets
Taylor Forge is a defunct engineering and manufacturing company founded by J . Hall Taylor in 1900 as the American Spiral Pipe Works . It was renamed Taylor Forge & Pipe Works in 1929 and acquired by Gulf and Western in 1967 . In 1984 , G + W divested itself of its Taylor Forge operations to private investors , forming Taylor Forge Stainless and Taylor Forge Engineered Systems which consisted primarily of the Paola , KS facility TF acquired from Fluor Corporation in 1959 .
By the early 1960s the company had general offices and works located in Cicero , Illinois ( Chicago , Illinois area ) , and plants at Carnegie , Pennsylvania ; Gary , Indiana ; Houston , Texas ; Somerville , New Jersey ; and Hamilton , Ontario , Canada . Works and plants forged various industrial items from titanium , tungsten , magnesium , and nickel base superalloys for engineering applications . Their forged titanium products , such as discs and seamless rings for jet engines ; hemispheres , elliptical closures and contoured seamless body sections were used in all U.S. intercontinental ballistic missiles of the time , such as Atlas , Minuteman , and Titan . Also it developed and manufactured bulkhead rings for spacecraft such as Mercury and Gemini .
References
Engineering companies of the United States
Manufacturing companies based in Chicago
Gulf and Western Industries
Defunct engineering companies of the United States
1967 disestablishments in Illinois
1900 establishments in Illinois
American companies established in 1900
American companies disestablished in 1967
Hallgrímskirkja ( , church of Hallgrímur ) , also known as Hallgrímskirkja í Saurbæ or Saurbæjarkirkja , is a church in Hvalfjarðarsveit , Iceland .
History
The church was consecrated on 28 July 1957 and is dedicated to Hallgrímur Pétursson ( 1614–1674 ) who was the pastor of the local parish between 1651 and 1669 .
Icelandic State Architect Guðjón Samúelsson ( 1887–1950 ) was the first to draw a model of the church and it was according to their design that the foundations were cast . However work was postponed because of World War II . In 1953 , architects Sigurður Guðmundsson ( 1885-1958 ) and Eiríkur Einarsson ( 1907-1969 ) came together to design the current concrete church , with its brick interiors , copper roof and tower . Icelandic sculptor Gerður Helgadóttir ( 1928- 1975 ) designed the stained glass artwork of the church . The frescoes around the altar are the work of Finnish artist Lennart Segerstråle ( 1892–1975 ) . The crucifix on the altar itself dates back to the 16th century .
References
External links
Hallgrímskirkja on the Icelandic Church Map
Churches in Iceland
Churches completed in 1957
20th-century churches
Hopkinton High School may refer to :
Hopkinton High School ( New Hampshire ) located in Hopkinton , New Hampshire
Hopkinton High School ( Massachusetts ) located in Hopkinton , Massachusetts
The Desperados Are in Town is a 1956 American Western film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Robert Arthur and Kathleen Nolan .
It was a B movie made for the bottom half of double bills .
It was known as The Outlaws are in Town . Kurt Neumann signed to make the movie in July 1956 .
Plot
A farm hand from Georgia goes west to Texas , but finds the area overrun with outlaws .
Cast
Robert Arthur as Lenny Kesh
Kathleen Nolan as Alice Rutherford ( as Kathy Nolan )
Rhys Williams as Jud Collins
Rhodes Reason as Frank Banner
Dave O'Brien as Dock Lapman / Mr. Brown
Kelly Thordsen as Big Tobe Lapman
Mae Clarke as Jane Kesh
Robert Osterloh as Deputy Sheriff Mike Broome
William Challee as Tom Kesh
Carol Kelly as Hattie
Frank Sully as Carl Branch
Morris Ankrum as Mr. Rutherford
Dick Wessel as Hank Green ( as Richard Wessel )
Dorothy Granger as Molly , Saloon Girl ( as Dorothy Grainger )
Tod Griffin as Ranger
Nancy Evans as Mrs. Rutherford
Ann Stebbins as Girl
Byron Foulger as Jim Day
See also
List of American films of 1956
References
Bibliography
Quinlan , David . The Film Lover 's Companion : An A to Z Guide to 2,000 Stars and the Movies They Made . Carol Publishing Group , 1997 .
External links
1956 films
1956 Western ( genre ) films
American Western ( genre ) films
CinemaScope films
Films directed by Kurt Neumann
Films scored by Paul Sawtell
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Jayden David Darrel Gardner ( born May 14 , 2000 ) is an American college basketball player for the Virginia Cavaliers of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . They previously played for the East Carolina Pirates .
High school career
Gardner played for Heritage High School in Wake Forest , North Carolina for four years . They averaged 22.9 points and 15.1 rebounds per game as a junior and was named CAP-8 Conference Player of the Year and First Team All-State , leading their team to a 28–2 record . As a senior , Gardner averaged 24.3 points and 13.9 rebounds per game . They led Heritage to the NCHSAA Class 4A state championship game , where they recorded 30 points and 13 rebounds . They were named Northern Athletic Conference Player of the Year and was a First Team All-State selection . Gardner finished high school with the second-most points behind Donald Williams and the most rebounds and free throws made in Wake County history . They were rated a three-star recruit by 247Sports and Rivals and committed to play college basketball for East Carolina over offers from Penn State and VCU , among others .
College career
East Carolina
In their third game at East Carolina , on November 11 , 2018 , Gardner recorded 30 points and 10 rebounds in an 84–78 overtime win over Lamar . They became the third first-year student in school history to score at least 30 points in a game . On November 21 , Gardner posted 28 points and 17 rebounds in a 76–64 victory over Prairie View A & M . Six days later , they tallied 30 points and 15 rebounds in a 95–86 loss to UNC Wilmington , becoming the first-ever American Athletic Conference ( AAC ) first-year student with multiple 30-point games . On January 13 , 2019 , Gardner posted a career-high 35 points and 20 rebounds in a 76–65 loss to UCF . They became the first East Carolina player since 1966 with a 30-point , 20-rebound game and the first first-year student in AAC history to record at least 35 points or 20 rebounds in a game . Two days later , they were named USBWA National Freshman of the Week . As a first-year student , Gardner averaged 16.3 points and 8.5 rebounds per game , setting school first-year student records for rebounds and free throws and AAC first-year student records for points per game and free throws . They led all NCAA Division I freshmen in free throws , with 171 , and registered 10 double-doubles . They were a five-time AAC Freshman of the Week and was unanimously selected to the AAC All-Rookie Team .
On November 5 , 2019 , Gardner made their sophomore season debut , tallying 28 points and 11 rebounds in an 80–68 win over VMI . On January 1 , 2020 , they recorded a season-high 29 points and 10 rebounds in a 75–69 loss to Wichita State . Gardner scored 29 points again and grabbed a season-high 19 rebounds in a 69–59 loss to Houston on January 29 . Gardner became the third-fastest East Carolina player to reach 1,000 career points in a February 12 loss to Tulsa . On February 23 , they scored 29 points for their third time during the season , while grabbing 13 rebounds in a 67–63 victory over Temple . As a sophomore , they averaged an AAC-leading 19.7 points , 9.2 rebounds and 2.2 assists per game , posting 13 double-doubles , and was named to the Second Team All-AAC . They averaged the third-most points in school history . As a junior , Gardner averaged 18.3 points and 8.3 rebounds per game , earning First Team All-AAC honors .
Virginia
On April 12 , 2021 , Gardner transferred to Virginia for their final two seasons of eligibility , choosing the Cavaliers over offers from Arkansas , LSU , Miami , and NC State , among others . All Division I athletes who played in the 2020–21 season gained an extra year of eligibility . On December 3 , they scored 15 points and hit the game-winning putback shot in a 57–56 win against Pittsburgh . Gardner was named to the Third Team All-ACC .
Career statistics
College
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2018–19
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | East Carolina
| 31 || 31 || 30.6 || .493 || .200 || .750 || 8.5 || 1.3 || .8 || .5 || 16.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2019–20
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | East Carolina
| 31 || 30 || 34.3 || .521 || .200 || .734 || 9.2 || 2.2 || 1.1 || .5 || 19.7
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2020–21
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | East Carolina
| 19 || 18 || 35.1 || .479 || .500 || .737 || 8.3 || 1.4 || .6 || .2 || 18.3
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
| 81 || 79 || 33.1 || .501 || .250 || .741 || 8.7 || 1.6 || .9 || .4 || 18.0
References
External links
Virginia Cavaliers bio
East Carolina Pirates bio
2000 births
Living people
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from North Carolina
East Carolina Pirates men 's basketball players
Power forwards ( basketball )
Sportspeople from Durham , North Carolina
Virginia Cavaliers men 's basketball players
James Hornell ( 1865 – February 1949 ) was an English zoologist and seafaring ethnographer . They were a cousin of Edward Atkinson Hornel , a Scottish painter .
Career
As a zoologist Hornell published a number of papers on marine organisms working most notably with their father in law Joseph Sinel in Jersey , and in 1900 traveled to Ceylon ( now Sri Lanka ) to report on the pearl fisheries . Staying there for six years , Hornell published a number of papers on the pearling industry . While there they were elected a Fellow of the Linnean Society for their work on marine worms . After working for several more years in India , organizing the fisheries of Madras , they retired , and thus began their next career as an ethnographer of seafarming and maritime life . They traveled extensively around the Indian Ocean world and east Asia , making records of indigenous watercraft , sailing on Junks and Sampans , and as a member of an expedition to the south seas made many records of the watercraft of Polynesia . Further travels brought encounters with watercraft of northern India , the Mediterranean , the Nile , Uganda , Madagascar , Iraq , and northern Europe .
Hornell in the 1930s became the principal authority on traditional , indigenous watercraft particular logboats , skin boats , canoes of all types , floats and even small ships . Their work is distinguished by careful observation and measurement and supported by drawings and photographs of seafaring life all but vanished over the second half of the twentieth century .
James Hornell also collected string games . They collected string figures from Africa , Asia and Pacifics Islands .
Published works
Among their publications are :
String Figures from Fiji and Western Polynesia ( 1927 )
The String Games and Tricks of Sierra Leone ( 1928 )
Cat 's Cradles , the World 's Most Widespread Game ( 1928 )
String Figures from Sierra Leone , Libera , and Zanzibar ( 1930 )
The Cypriote Threshing Sledge ( 1930 )
String Figures from British New Guinea ( 1932 )
String Figures from Gujarat and Kathiawar ( 1932 )
Indonesian Influence in East African Culture ( 1934 )
Report on the Fisheries of Palestine ( 1934 ) . A brochure which describes first attempts of growing common carp in Palestine .
British Coracles and Irish Currachs with a note on the Guffah of Iraq ( 1938 as a book from Society for Nautical Research , previously a series of articles in their journal ) .
String Figures from Anglo-Egyptian Sudan ( 1940 )
String Figure Diffusion ( 1943 )
The Canoes of Polynesia , Fiji and Micronesia ;
The Fishing Luggers of Hastings ; and
Water Transport : Origins and Early Evolution .
`` Water Transport ''
Sinhalese String Figures and Tricks ( 1999 )
String Figures from Burma ( 1999 )
References
Works by James Hornal Open Library
External links
Tribute to James Hornell
1865 births
1949 deaths
English zoologists
Ethnographers
Fellows of the Linnean Society of London
The 1979 Sun Bowl was a college football postseason bowl game between the Texas Longhorns and the played on Saturday , December 22 , in
Background
The Huskies were the runner-up in the Pacific-10 Conference , behind USC . The Longhorns had lost two games by a combined total of nine points , with the two losses costing them a Southwest Conference title . This was Washington 's first Sun Bowl and Texas ' second straight .
Game summary
Husky defensive lineman Stafford Mays recovered quarterback Rick McIvor 's fumble late in the first quarter in Longhorn territory . Ten seconds into the second quarter , junior quarterback Tom Flick threw an 18-yard touchdown pass to first-year student Paul Skansi for the first score . On the second play of the Longhorns ' ensuing drive , strong safety Greg Grimes recovered McIvor 's fumble at the 25-yard line , giving Washington another shot at scoring . Five plays later , Willis Ray Mackey scored on a touchdown run to make it But on Washington 's next possession , Flick fumbled the ball to defensive lineman Kenneth Sims , who recovered it in Texas territory . Forty three yards later , Donnie Little threw a touchdown pass to Brad Beck with 3:10 to go in the half .
In gusty winds , the rest of the game was a defensive affair , with the Longhorns ' fumbles in the first half proving costly . Skansi caught five passes for 52 yards and was named MVP . Mays had 12 tackles , a fumble recovery , and two sacks .
Aftermath
The Huskies returned to the Sun Bowl three times ( 1986 , 1995 , 2002 ) , but lost all three ; the Longhorns returned in 1982 and 1994 .
Statistics
References
Sun Bowl
Sun Bowl
Texas Longhorns football bowl games
Washington Huskies football bowl games
December 1979 sports events in the United States
Sun Bowl
Lisa Erin Goldstein ( born July 30 , 1981 ) is a retired American television , film and theatre actor . They are most known for their role as Millicent Huxtable on One Tree Hill .
Personal life and education
Goldstein was born on Long Island , New York and lived in London , England until the age of 4 . They also lived in Pennsylvania as a child and then New York , North Carolina , California and Florida where they worked and went to school . They graduated from Hingham High School ( Hingham , Massachusetts ) in 1999 . Afterwards , Goldstein went to Elon University ( Elon , NC ) where they received their BFA in Music Theatre in 2003 . They then interned at B Street Theatre in Sacramento , California .
Goldstein is currently married and lives in Florida with their husband sports coordinator ; Brendan Kirsch . They met them on the One Tree Hill set where they were basketball coordinator .
On January 5 , 2014 , Goldstein and their husband announced via Twitter that the couple are expecting their first child . On July 11 , 2014 , Goldstein gave birth to the couple 's first child , a boy whom they named Flynn Robert Kirsch . They are now retired from acting .
Career
After college , Goldstein worked at regional theaters in several musicals , including Smokey Joe 's Cafe , Victor Victoria , and Anything Goes .
In early 2007 , Goldstein signed a contract with Walt Disney World in Orlando , Florida where they played Belle in Beauty and the Beast – The Musical , and Nemo , Pearl and Squirt in Finding Nemo – The Musical .
In July 2007 , Goldstein was cast in The CW 's popular drama series One Tree Hill as Millicent Huxtable . They were cast only for the first episode of season five . However , after seeing their performance in that episode , the writers decided to bring their character back for the remainder of the season . In season six they became a regular and was on the show until the final season .
In early 2008 , Goldstein filmed an independent film Who Do You Love ? , portraying Phil Chess 's wife Sheva Chess . They also appeared in the music video for fellow One Tree Hill co-star Kate Voegele 's song `` Only Fooling Myself , '' which was directed by the show 's creator and executive producer Mark Schwahn .
Goldstein 's last acting credit was for the film Do n't Know Yet before they left acting for good .
Filmography
References
External links
1981 births
21st-century American actores
Living people
Actresses from New York ( state )
American film actores
American stage actores
American television actores
Elon University alumni
People from Long Island
Ipiales is a city and Catholic bishopric in Nariño Department , southern Colombia , near the border with Ecuador . It is located at around , with an elevation of about 2950 m. Ipiales is located on the high plateau called `` Tuquerres e Ipiales , '' the city lies at a distance of 82 km from Pasto , the department 's capital . '' Ipiales is known as `` la ciudad de las nubes verdes '' ( the city of the green clouds ) because sometimes , especially in the afternoon , greenish clouds appear over the city .
One of the area 's favorite foods is the guinea pig or cavy ( Cavia porcellus ) , called kuy or kuwi .
The economy of this city is based on border trade between Ecuador and Colombia .
Culture and religion
The municipality 's main attraction is the impressive architecture of the Las Lajas Cathedral , the episcopal see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ipiales .
One of the biggest festivals is called the `` Black and White Carnival '' . Through this event people from Ipiales celebrate racial diversity . People paint each other with make-up and a white soap , called careoca . Many tourists travel to see this event from all over the country .
History
The Rumichaca Bridge , according to Spanish chroniclers , was the northernmost outpost of the Inca Empire , wrested from the Pasto people in the early 16th century . The bridge , crossing the Carchi River , is from Ipiales on the border with Ecuador .
Economy and transport
The inhabitants of the town of Ipiales are as important economic activities : trade , small businesses , tourism , and in rural areas : agriculture , livestock , minor species . In minerals : oil on Churuyaco jungle , rock quarries and crafts in Las Lajas , topdressing in Old Bridge , clay in the Tejar . Natural resources are abundant throughout its territory .
Ipiales a is land and air border port , with intense trade with the peoples of the former province of Obando and as crossroad for travelers from the Andean Pact countries , especially Ecuador , it is the second most important border in Colombia . There is wide legislation to control the flow of people and vehicles , with international treaties and agreements on economic and border relations in all social cultural and economic , the Neighborhood and Integration Commission Colombo - Ecuador 1989 . Republic of Colombia . Neighbourhood Binational Commissions . The Border Integration 1993 , the Border Act 1995 . The Special Economic Zone Export 2000 , to improve the economic , institutional and social of this region , but everything has been `` good intentions '' , as there is no vocation to create business , manufacturing or assembling artifacts , goods or services , for we do not have the infrastructure , equipment or decision for these projects .
The city is served by San Luis Airport .
Geography
The municipality of Ipiales is the southwest of Colombia , and the Department of Nariño , in the Andean highlands of 'Túquerres and Ipiales . The city is located 3 km from the Colombian-Ecuadorian and 82 km of Pasto . It communicates with the interior by the Pan American Highway , which continues along the Ecuadorian population Tulcán , after crossing the international bridge Rumichaca ( Quechua rumi stone , chaka bridge , `` stone bridge '' ) over the river Carchi in Narino territory called Guaytara to 800 meters , from the viewpoint of Ipiales .
Orographic
The orographic Ipiales Township are part of Narino highlands , the Guaitara canyon , and the Western Cordillera ; Cofanía valley and part of the Amazon basin . The moors : to Mueses and The Palace , the hills : Troy , La Quinta , Culachí , Black , French , Tigre and Pax . The territory of the municipality is slightly wavy with climatic zones : cold , desert , warm , medium , respectively . Geographic Institute `` Agustin Codazzi ' . T. Andrade , Ob . cit. , 1974 . The average height of the town is 2900 m , making it Colombia 's highest city ( although not the highest town ) and among the highest cities in the world .
Hydrography
Consists of three major watersheds : Jácome Benavides , Julio and others . Diagnosis municipal Ipiales .
Guáitara River Basin , and its tributaries : Boqueron River in the upper part is broken Doña Juana Blanco River , Carchi , Morro broken , or Pulcas Teques , Orejuela , El Rosario , Cutuaquer . Bishop Mejía says , `` but no river Guaytara explored more in our land and dug more in our soul . `` ; Mejia Mejia , JC Villaviciosa Hatunllacta province . `` River engineer '' for its dramatic chasms , its spectacular canyon and beautiful landscapes in their journey of 135 miles to its mouth in the Patia River .
Chingual River Basin , which in its upper part is broken or Chúnquer Pun , and San Francisco River tributaries , Green , Yamués , The Cultún .
San Miguel River Basin '' ' , and its tributaries : River Churuyaco , Sapoyaco , Rumiyaco , Kerosene , Lora , Rancheria .
Climate
Ipiales features an unusually cool subtropical highland climate ( Köppen Cfb ) , with an average temperature around cooler than its near equatorial climate might suggest , due to the city 's high altitude of almost above sea level , which makes it the highest major city in Colombia and one of the highest on Earth . The average temperature is cold for a subtropical highland climate with the city escaping an ETH '' ( alpine ) classification by less than . Temperatures rarely break the mark or fall below freezing , giving the city perpetual spring-like weather . Ipiales has a rainier season from October to May and a drier season from June through September . Rainfall is frequent though not heavy year round , falling on an average of 235 days for an annual total of approximately .
References
External links
Municipalities of Nariño Department
Colombia–Ecuador border crossings
European Prize for Literature ( Prix Européen de Littérature ) is a European-wide literary award sponsored by the city of Strasbourg with support from the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs ( France ) . The prize is awarded by the Jurys des Grands Prix Littéraires , in Strasbourg , at the same time as the Prix de Littérature Francophone Jean Arp and the Prix du Patrimoine Nathan Katz .
The award is presented to an author for their entire body of work , which best represents the cultural dimensions of Europe .
Honorees
References
External links
European Prize for Literature , official website .
Awards established in 2005
European literary awards
French literary awards
Literary awards honoring writers
2005 establishments in France
Yasunobu is a masculine Japanese given name .
Kanji and meaning
The name Yasunobu is composed of two elements yasu and nobu , each of which could be written with a variety of kanji , for example :
yasu : ( `` great '' or `` exalted '' ) , ( `` abundant '' ) , ( `` health '' ) , ( `` peaceful '' or `` safe '' )
nobu : ( `` extend '' ) , ( `` smoothly '' ) , ( `` trust '' )
The same elements can also be written in the opposite order to form the masculine name Nobuyasu .
People
Notable people with the name Yasunobu include :
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese weightlifter
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese quantum physicist
, Japanese sprint canoeist
, Japanese painter
, Japanese daimyō
References
Japanese masculine given names
Integra Air offered chartered and scheduled flight services , as well as air ambulance medevac services , out of Calgary , Alberta , Canada . The airline ceased operations on August 31 , 2018 , stating that it was undergoing corporate restructuring . The closure also shut down operations of the air ambulance services .
History
The company started in 1998 with scheduled flights to Edmonton . In 1999 , Integra started its chartered service and four years later it began offering aircraft management services . In 2010 , Integra Air purchased Bar XH Air , expanding their services to include air medevac . In early 2018 , Calgary-based Integra Air came in to assist Orca on March 15 , and in a March statement their CEO said “ Integra Air is currently in the process of negotiating aircraft , crews and management to support Orca Airways and prevent any further interruption to Orca passengers and customers ” .
Destinations
As of April 2018 , Integra Air served the following destinations , until ceasing operations .
Alberta
Bonnyville ( Bonnyville Airport )
Calgary ( Calgary International Airport )
Fleet
As of April 2018 , Integra Air had the following aircraft registered with Transport Canada , listed under BAR XH Air :
5 BAe Jetstream 31
4 King Air 200
1 IAI Westwind
The listing also includes a Cessna 150 and a Cessna 172 , both with cancelled certificates .
See also
List of defunct airlines of Canada
References
External links
Integra Air
Regional airlines of Alberta
Defunct airlines of Canada
Airlines established in 1998
Airlines disestablished in 2018
1998 establishments in Alberta
2018 disestablishments in Alberta
Transport in Calgary
Companies based in Calgary
Igor Lopatonok ( born 1968 in the Ukrainian SSR , USSR ) is a film producer , holding also US and Russian passports . They are known for their work in colorization and 3D conversion and as a documentary filmmaker .
They began to study engineering at the Dnipropetrovsk National University at age 16 . Later they finished at Moscow State Institute of International Relations studies in International Finance and worked for a few years in this area . In 2005 they began their career as a producer in the film business , by co-founding the production company Technomedia which specialised in offering new digital technologies to Ukrainian film professionals . One example of work was the colorization of Only `` Old Men '' Are Going Into Battle , a Soviet war drama from the 1970s filmed in black and white . They were responsible for the 3D effects in The Nutcracker in 3D . With Oliver Stone as executive producer , they directed the controversial documentary Ukraine on Fire about the Maidan Uprising during the winter months of 2013/14 .
From 1992 until 2009 they were married to Marina Lopatonok . Their second marriage ( 2009-2017 ) was with Nina Podolska .
In 2008 they moved to the Los Angeles area where they reside since .
Filmography
( as director )
Qazaq : History of the Golden Man ( 2021 )
The Everlasting Present - Ukraine : 30 Years of Independence ( 2021 )
Revealing Ukraine ( 2019 )
Ukraine on Fire ( 2016 )
External links
References
Ukrainian film producers
1968 births
Living people
Bruno N Rémillard ( born July 7 , 1961 ) is a Canadian mathematical statistician and an honorary professor at HEC Montréal . They are the 2019 Gold Medalist of the Statistical Society of Canada and was inducted as a 2019 Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics . Bruno N Rémillard is the current President-Elect of the Statistical Society of Canada .
Biography
Rémillard was born in Saint-Raphaël , Quebec , Canada . They received a BSc and a MSc in mathematics from Université Laval in 1983 and 1985 and two years latter a PhD in probability at Carleton University under the supervision of Donald A. Dawson . Their dissertation was entitled `` Large deviations and laws of the iterated logarithm for multidimensional diffusion processes with applications to diffusion processes with random coefficients . '' and earned them the Pierre-Robillard Award from the Statistical Society of Canada that recognizes the best PhD thesis defended in the relevant fields at a Canadian university in a given year . After working as an NSERC postdoctoral fellow at Cornell University , Bruno N Rémillard joined the Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières in 1988 . They were promoted to the rank of Associate in 1992 and became full professor in 1996 . They settled at HEC Montréal in 2001 .
Publications
Bruno N Rémillard has authored over 85 published papers , mostly in high-caliber international journals , in the fields of probability , statistics , and time series modelling . They have co-authored with Christian Genest nearly 20 papers in The Annals of Probability , The Annals of Statistics , Bernouilli , Biometrika , Journal of the American Statistical Association , Journal of Multivariate Analysis , etc . They are one of the 23 scientists to have published in the four IMS Annals . They are the author of a graduate monograph and co-authored three undergraduate books :
Corina Reischer , Raymond Leblanc , Bruno Rémillard , and Denis Larocque , Théorie des probabilités : Problèmes et solutions. , Presses de l'Université du Québec , Montréal , Canada , 2002
Pierre Duchesne and Bruno Rémillard , Statistical modeling and analysis for complex data problems , GERAD 25th Anniversary Series , Springer : New York , 2005
Pierre Del Moral , Bruno Rémillard , and Sylvain Rubenthaler , Une introduction aux probabilités , Éditions Ellipses , 2006
B. Rémillard , Statistical methods for financial engineering , Chapman and Hall/CRC , 2013 .
Awards and honors
Statistical Society of Canada Pierre-Robillard Award 1988
Elected Member of the International Statistical Institute 2000
Best Paper Award Canadian Journal of Statistics 2003
Pierre Laurin Award for Excellence in Research 2007
Roger Charbonneau Award 2013
Best Paper Award Econometrics
Statistical Society of Canada Gold Medalist 2019
Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics 2019
Personal life
Bruno N Rémillard is married to Bouchra R Nasri professor at Université de Montréal . They consider themselves fortunate to have met their wife Bouchra who has now become their most important and valued collaborator .
References
External links
Personal Webpage
1961 births
Living people
French Quebecers
Canadian mathematicians
Canadian statisticians
Elected Members of the International Statistical Institute
Fellows of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics
People from Montmagny , Quebec
Presidents of the Statistical Society of Canada
Université Laval alumni
Carleton University alumni
Cornell University alumni
Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières faculty
HEC Montréal faculty
Voorhoeve is a Dutch surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Clemens Voorhoeve ( born 1930 ) , Dutch linguist
Joris Voorhoeve ( born 1945 ) , Dutch politician and academic
Marc Voorhoeve ( 1950–2011 ) , Dutch mathematician
Voorhoeve index of a complex function , introduced by Marc Voorhoeve
Dutch-language surnames
Christophe Petibout ( born 21 December 1967 in Roanne ) is a French sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1980s . They finished ninth in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1967 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
French male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of France
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The Germany national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of Germany and is controlled by the Deutscher Motor Sport Bund . The team was started in all editions of Under-21 World Cup . It was started in two finals , but never won a medal . Christian Hefenbrock is the first , and so far , only medalist in Individual competition .
Competition
Team B
See also
Germany national speedway team
Germany national under-19 speedway team
External links
( de ) Deutscher Motor Sport Bund website
National speedway teams
Speedway
Team
Fakhriyeh ( , also Romanized as Fakhrīyeh ; also known as Fakhrīyeh Va Kalāteh-ye Ḩabashī ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 299 , in 83 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Yo soy Boricua , pa'que tú lo sepas ! is a documentary film co-directed by Liz Garbus and Rosie Perez , in which Perez explores Puerto Rican culture and history , from New York City 's Puerto Rican Day Parade to a broader examination of Puerto Rico 's past .
See also
Yo soy Boricua , pa'que tu lo sepas ! ( song )
References
External links
2006 films
Puerto Rican films
American documentary films
2006 documentary films
Films directed by Liz Garbus
Documentary films about Puerto Rico
2000s American films
Clovis-Thomas Richard ( May 8 , 1892 – August 22 , 1976 ) was a Canadian lawyer and political figure in the Province of New Brunswick . They were born in South Framingham , Massachusetts and raised in College Bridge , New Brunswick . They were educated at University of St. Joseph 's College , earning a BA degree before attending Dalhousie University where they graduated in 1918 with a Bachelor of Laws degree .
Richard was a member of the Canadian Expeditionary Force during World War I . After the war , they practiced law ; then , in a 1926 by-election to replace Peter Veniot who had been elected to the House of Commons of Canada in Ottawa , Richard won election to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick as the Liberal party candidate for the riding of Gloucester County . They were reelected in 1930 , 1935 , 1939 , and 1944 .
Richard served as the Provincial Secretary-Treasurer from July 16 , 1935 to January 10 , 1940 . They left provincial politics in 1945 to successfully run for a seat in the Canadian House of Commons as the Liberal Party of Canada candidate in the riding of Gloucester . Reelected in the 1949 Federal election , they served in Ottawa until retiring from politics in 1952 .
Elecotral record
References
1892 births
1976 deaths
20th-century Canadian politicians
20th-century Canadian lawyers
Acadian people
St. Joseph 's College alumni
Dalhousie University alumni
Lawyers in New Brunswick
Canadian military personnel of World War I
New Brunswick Liberal Association MLAs
Members of the Executive Council of New Brunswick
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from New Brunswick
Canadian Roman Catholics
People from Framingham , Massachusetts
People from Westmorland County , New Brunswick
Finance ministers of New Brunswick
The Summer Breeze Festival is an annual music festival held in Liddington , near Swindon , in the United Kingdom . It was first held in 2007 where the audience consisted of around 150 people , in 2012 around 2,000 people attended . The festival supports up-and-coming bands and local music along with established acts and high quality headliners . The festival is run on a voluntary basis by local music enthusiasts with a passion for live music . Profits made , include those from the food and drink , are either donated to charity or invested back into the festival .
Lineup history
2012
13–15 July 2012
360
A & T
Atari Pilot
Backbeat Sound System
Breeze
Charlie Bath
Corky
Dakhal
De Fuego
Dirty Goods
Ed Tudorpole
Elliot Mason
Films of Colour
Flipron
Fry 's Cream
Gaz Brookfield
Grubby Jack
Hip Route
Jake Morley
Jazz Morley
Jo Selbourne
Juan Zelada
KT Tunstall
Kova Me Bad
Little and Large
Lloyd Yates
Luke Concannon
Majestic
Marcus Bonfanti
Ode & The Bebops
Paul Childs Band
Ruby and the RibCage
Sam Green
Samsara
Subdued
The 1930s
The Blue Trees
The Congo Faith Healers
The Costellos
The Destroyers
The Lazy Maybees
The Penny Red
The Peoples String Foundation
The Running Club
Tom Staniford
Uncle Frank
Vintage Trouble
Wille and the Bandits
References
External links
Official Website
Music festivals in Wiltshire
Swindon
Annual events in England
2007 establishments in England
Music festivals established in 2007
Bourseiller is a French surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Antoine Bourseiller ( 1930–2013 ) , French comedian and opera and theatre director
Christophe Bourseiller ( born 1957 ) , French actor , writer , and journalist
French-language surnames
Ghana AIDS Commission is a supra-ministerial and multi-sectorial body in Ghana . It was established by Act 2016 , Act 938 of the Parliament of Ghana . It consists of 47 members including the President and the Vice President , 15 Ministers of State and two members of the Parliament .
Mission
Ghana AIDS Commission aims to establish policies on the HIV and AIDS epidemic . It also directs activities in response to HIV and AIDS in Ghana .
HIV in Ghana
References
Organisations based in Ghana
Wynn Zaw Htun ( ; born 15 September 1982 ) is a Burmese chess International Master . Currently the top ranked player in Myanmar , Wynn Zaw Htun has won the Myanmar National Chess Championship nine times : in 2000 , 2004 , 2006 , 2013–2015 , and 2017–2019
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Burmese chess players
Chess International Masters
Southeast Asian Games medalists in chess
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Myanmar
Competitors at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
20th-century Burmese people
21st-century Burmese people
Llech Ronw , or the Slate of Gronw , is a holed stone located along Afon Bryn Saeth ( a tributary of Afon Cynfal ) in Blaenau Ffestiniog , Wales . The stone is described as being roughly forty inches by thirty inches with a hole of about an inch in diameter going through it .
History
A stone resembling the mythical Llech Ronw was discovered by Frank Ward in 1934 on the bank of Afon Cynfal . It was believed to have washed downstream from Ceunant Coch , where a local woman recalled seeing it previously . Around the turn of the 21st century , a stone similar to Llech Ronw ( possibly the same one found in 1934 ) was discovered along Afon Bryn Saeth . Today , the modern Llech Ronw stands on a farmstead known as Bryn Saeth , or the Hill of the Arrow .
Role in mythology
In the Fourth Branch of the Mabinogi ( the story of Math ap Mathonwy ) , Lleu Llaw Gyffes is betrayed by their wife , Blodeuedd , when they elope with Gronw Pebyr . Blodeuedd and Gronw plot to kill Lleu , and while Lleu is on the bank of Afon Cynfael , Gronw hurls a spear at him . Lleu is deeply wounded and flees in the shape of an eagle .
At the end of the tale , Lleu seeks recompense from Gronw for the attempted murder . Thus Lleu and Gronw end up once again on opposite banks of Afon Cynfal , only this time Lleu is preparing to throw a spear at Gronw . However , before Lleu can do away with their opponent , Gronw asks for a stipulation .
Then Gronw Pebyr said to Lleu , ‘ Lord , since I did what I did to you through the maliciousness of a woman , I beg of you for God 's sake let me put the stone I see there on the bank between me and the blow . '
‘ God knows , ' said Lleu , ‘ I wo n't refuse you that . '
Yet the stone does not stop Lleu 's spear , which goes right through it , killing Gronw .
And Gronw Pebyr died , and the stone is there still on the bank of the Cynfael in Ardudwy , with the hole through it . Because of that it is called Gronw 's Stone .
Llech Ronw , given its appearance and location , is thought to be the stone here described as Gronw 's Stone .
In lieu of the mythological nature of Llech Ronw , the name of the farmstead where it now stands , Bryn Saeth ( Hill of the Arrow ) , as well as the name of the nearby farmstead , Llech Goronwy ( Goronwy 's Slate ) . In addition , there is another hill in the area called Bryn Cyfergyd , which may be the Bryn Cygergyr ( Hill of Battle ) of the Mabinogi and thus the hill from which Gronw threw their spear while attempting to kill Lleu .
Role in popular culture
The story of Lleu Llaw Gyffes , Blodeuedd and Gronw Pebyr was the inspiration of Alan Garner 's 1967 novel The Owl Service . Garner adapted their novel for Granada Television in 1969 . The Owl Service TV series was filmed in many of the locations mentioned in the novel . For the filming a replica of Llech Ronw was carved by local stone mason Edward Rowlands from a brief by Granada Television 's chief designer Peter Caldwell : `` An upright piece of slab stone or slate ( like a gatepost ) with a 4 '' dia rough hole cut through it 1'.0 '' from the top and a roughly etched grooved pattern of circles 2'.0 '' from the top . The stone should be 5'.00 '' above the ground and 2 '' .0 below . The stone should be very rough and weather-worn and will represent an ancient monument '' .
After the production was finished the stone was left in situ by the River Dovey . Rowlands later added their name to the carving so that their work would not be mistaken for an ancient monument .
References
Welsh mythology
Mabinogion
Megalithic monuments in Wales
Mawddwy
Forsys Metals is a Canadian mining company with gold and uranium operations in Namibia , particularly the Norasa uranium project .
As of November 2011 the company had market capitalization of about CDN $ 55 million .
Forsys was listed on the Toronto Venture Exchange in September 2004 , and moved up to the Toronto Stock Exchange in October 2006 .
In July 2005 Forsys acquired a 90 % interest in the Valencia uranium deposit in Namibia and in March 2007 raised its position to 100 % ownership . Based on prospecting on the property , Forsys filed a technical report estimating Valencia reserves in June 2007 .
After clearing environmental requirements , in August 2008 the Namibian government granted Forsys a 25-year mining licence for Valencia .
In November 2008 George Arthur Forrest attempted to buy Forsys Metals through a subsidiary of their Forrest Group , offering CDN $ 579m . The company 's management supported the offer .
The deal foundered in September 2009 . Forrest had not been able to find financial backers that would be acceptable to the Canadian Federal government . There was speculation that Forrest had looked for funding to South Korea , or possibly Iran or North Korea .
In January 2011 Wikileaks released U.S. diplomatic cables that said Washington and Ottawa were concerned that Forrest might sell the uranium to Iran , which was looking for nuclear fuel , and therefore blocked the deal .
In July 2009 Forsys started exploratory drilling for uranium at the 70 % owned Namibplaas permit , from the Valencia project . In August 2010 Forsys finalized an agreement through which Angus Mining ( Namibia ) , another Canadian company , would explore for gold at Forsys 's wholly owned Ondundu Project .
In November 2011 Forsys reported a net loss of $ 971,000 in the third quarter , much the same as the previous year .
The company had almost $ 5 million in working capital .
It was acquiring the remaining 30 % of the Namibplaas property by issuing new shares and purchase warrants .
References
Companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange
Mining in Namibia
George Hardie may refer to :
George Hardie ( artist ) ( born 1944 ) , English artist involved with the graphic design company Hipgnosis
George Hardie ( politician ) ( 1874–1937 ) , Scottish Labour politician , MP for Springburn
George Hardie ( tennis ) ( born 1953 ) , American tennis player
George Hardie ( footballer ) ( 1873– ? ) , English footballer
See also
George Hardy ( disambiguation )
George William McDonald ( November 20 , 1875 – April 6 , 1950 ) was a politician in Manitoba , Canada . They served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1915 to 1922 as a member of the Manitoba Liberal Party , and later sat in the House of Commons of Canada from 1935 to 1940 as a Liberal-Progressive .
McDonald was born in Lucknow , Ontario , the son of Donald McDonald and Mary McKenzie , and was educated in Kincardine . After completing their schooling , they taught school in Kinloss . They later moved to Manitoba , and worked as an agricultural implement dealer and insurance agent in Boissevain . In 1914 , they married Jennie M. Taylor .
They first sought election to the Manitoba legislature in the 1914 campaign , but lost to Conservative incumbent James Johnson by 62 votes . In 1915 , the Conservative government of Rodmond Roblin was forced to resign amid a corruption scandal . A new election was held , which the Liberals won in a landslide . McDonald was elected for Turtle Mountain , defeating Johnson by 36 votes . In the legislature , they served as a backbench supporter of Tobias Norris 's government .
The Liberals were reduced to a minority government in the 1920 provincial election . McDonald faced a serious challenge in Turtle Mountain from new Conservative leader Richard G. Willis , but retained their seat by sixteen votes ( 1,022 to 1,006 ) . They did not seek re-election in 1922 .
They were mayor of Boissevain from 1924 to 1926 and served on the town council from 1929 to 1935 .
McDonald returned to political life in the 1935 federal election , winning the rural Manitoba riding of Souris as a Liberal-Progressive by only three votes ( 3,504 to 3,501 ) . Ironically , they won this election by defeating incumbent Conservative Errick French Willis , the son of Richard G. Willis . Although they were not formally a member of the Liberal Party of Canada caucus , McDonald served as a backbench supporter of William Lyon Mackenzie King 's Liberal government for the next five years .
They were defeated in the 1940 campaign in which they ran as a straight Liberal , losing to `` National Government '' candidate J. Arthur Ross by 130 votes . They did not seek a further return to politics after this time .
McDonald died at home in Boissevain at the age of 74 .
References
1875 births
1950 deaths
Manitoba Liberal Party MLAs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Manitoba
Liberal-Progressive MPs
People from Boissevain , Manitoba
Mayors of places in Manitoba
Alfred Gassner ( born 2 January 1947 ) is an Austrian footballer . They played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1971 to 1976 .
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Association footballers not categorized by position
This page lists board and card games , wargames , miniatures games , and tabletop role-playing games published in 2007 . For video games , see 2007 in video gaming .
Games released or invented in 2007
Game awards given in 2007
Spiel des Jahres : Zooloretto
Games : Pillars of the Earth
Brass won the Spiel Portugal Jogo do Ano .
Significant games-related events in 2007
An article in Science announces that Checkers ( Draughts ) is a solved game . With perfect play by both sides , the game ends in a draw .
Deaths
See also
List of game manufacturers
2007 in video gaming
Games
Games by year
References
Charlie Bales ( born October 22 , 1991 ) is an American soccer player . They are currently the Co-General Manager of the Des Moines Menace .
Career
College and Amateur
Bales spent their entire college career at Western Illinois University . They made a total of 72 appearances for the Leathernecks and tallied 11 goals and 10 assists .
They also played in the Premier Development League for Des Moines Menace .
Professional
Bales joined USL expansion club Charlotte Independence for the 2015 season . On March 27 , they made their professional debut in a 3–2 defeat to Charleston Battery .
References
External links
Des Moines Menace staff page
Western Illinois player profile
Western Illinois coaching profile
1991 births
Living people
American soccer players
Western Illinois Leathernecks men 's soccer players
Des Moines Menace players
Charlotte Independence players
Association football defenders
Soccer players from Iowa
Sportspeople from Cedar Rapids , Iowa
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Major Arena Soccer League players
Western Illinois Leathernecks men 's soccer coaches
High school football players in the United States
American football placekickers
Carl Theodore Schmidt ( March 7 , 1906 – October 17 , 1958 ) was an American scholar .
Education and academic career
They were educated at the University of California , Berkeley , where was they awarded a BS in 1928 and a PhD in 1931 . Their doctoral thesis was titled `` Cyclical Fluctuations in German Economy , 1924–1930 '' . In October 1931 , they were appointed as a research associate with the National Bureau of Economic Research in New York .
They were a lecturer in economics at the Columbia University . In 1940 , they testified before the House of Representatives ' Select Committee to Investigate the Interstate Migration of Destitute Citizens . During World War II , Schmidt was an officer in the United States Army .
Works
Books
German Business Cycles , 1924–1933 ( New York : National Bureau of Economic Research , 1934 ) .
The Plough and the Sword : Labor , Land , and Property in Fascist Italy ( New York : Columbia University Press , 1938 ) .
The Corporate State in Action : Italy under Fascism ( New York : Oxford University Press , 1939 ) .
American Farmers in the World Crisis ( New York : Oxford University Press , 1941 ) .
Articles
'The Austrian Institute for Business Cycle Research ' , Journal of Political Economy , Vol . 39 , No . 1 ( Feb. , 1931 ) , pp . 101–103 .
'The German Institute for Business Cycle Research ' , The American Economic Review , Vol . 21 , No . 1 ( Mar. , 1931 ) , pp . 63–66 .
( with Erich A. Otto ) , 'Das National Bureau of Economic Research in New York ' , Weltwirtschaftliches Archiv 38 . Bd . ( 1933 ) , pp . 571–576 .
'The Italian `` Battle of Wheat '' ' , Journal of Farm Economics , Vol . 18 , No . 4 ( Nov. , 1936 ) , pp . 645–656 .
'La Propiedad y la Empresa Agrícolas Bajo el Fascismo Italiano ' , El Trimestre Económico , Vol . 4 , No . 15 ( 1937 ) , pp . 251–287 .
'Agricultural Property and Enterprise under Italian Fascism ' , Science & Society , Vol . 1 , No . 3 ( Spring , 1937 ) , pp . 326–349 .
'Land Reclamation in Fascist Italy ' , Political Science Quarterly , Vol . 52 , No . 3 ( Sep. , 1937 ) , pp . 340–363 .
'Concentration of Joint-Stock Enterprise in Italy ' , The American Economic Review , Vol . 30 , No . 1 , Part 1 ( Mar. , 1940 ) , pp . 82–86 .
Notes
1906 births
1958 deaths
University of California , Berkeley alumni
Columbia University faculty
United States Army personnel of World War II
Shanti Devi ( 18 April 1934 – 16 January 2022 ) was an Indian social worker born in 1934 in Balasore district of Indian state of Odisha . They were awarded the Padma Shri award on 9 November 2021 by the President , Ram Nath Kovind at the Civil Investiture Ceremony-IV , at Rashtrapati Bhavan for their social works and efforts to bring peace in the Maoist-affected Rayagada region of Odisha . Devi received the Radhanath Rath Peace Award and was awarded the Jamnalal Bajaj Award in 1994 .
Early life and education
Devi was born in a landlord family in Balasore district on 18 April 1934 . They attended the college for two years and at the age of 17 , they were married to Ratan Das , a doctor and follower of Gandhian ideology .
Social work
Devi was inspired by the ideology of the pacifist Vinobha Bhave . They took part in Bhave 's Bhoodan Movement . They began social work at the early age . Devi worked for the education and the betterment of tribal girls and destitute women . They established an ashram at Gobarapalli in Rayagada district and Seva Samaj at Gunupur in Odisha in 1964 . They also set up an ashram for leprosy patients in Jabarguda in the Rayagada district . They are known for their efforts to establish peace in the Maoist-affected districts of Odisha and for their work in Sankhalapadar village where the disease of Yaws was endemic . Devi was able to treat over 4,000 people who had the disease , possibly with the help of nine other people , which can lead to disfigurement and disability . Due to their efforts , the disease was eradicated from the village .
Personal life
Devi was born on 18 April 1934 in the Balasore district of Odisha . At the age of 17 , they were married to Ratan Das who was a doctor . After the marriage , they moved to Koraput district . They died on 16 January 2022 at Rayagada district hospital . They were 87 . They are survived by their son Sidharth Das .
References
1934 births
2022 deaths
People from Balasore district
Recipients of the Padma Shri in social work
Social workers from Odisha
Virginia 's 38th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Senate of Virginia . It has been represented by Republican Travis Hackworth since 2021 , following the death of fellow Republican A. Benton Chafin from complications of COVID-19 .
Geography
District 38 is based in Southwest Virginia , including all of Bland , Buchanan , Dickenson , Pulaski , Russell , and Tazewell Counties and the cities of Norton and Radford , as well as parts of Montgomery , Smyth , and Wise Counties .
The district is located entirely within Virginia 's 9th congressional district , and overlaps with the 1st , 3rd , 4th , 6th , 7th , and 12th districts of the Virginia House of Delegates . It borders the states of West Virginia and Kentucky .
Recent election results
2021 special
2019
2015
2014 special
2011
Federal and statewide results in District 38
Historical results
All election results below took place prior to 2011 redistricting , and thus were under different district lines .
2007
2003
1999
1998 special
1995
References
Virginia Senate districts
Bland County , Virginia
Buchanan County , Virginia
Dickenson County , Virginia
Pulaski County , Virginia
Russell County , Virginia
Tazewell County , Virginia
Norton , Virginia
Radford , Virginia
Smyth County , Virginia
Wise County , Virginia
Montgomery County , Virginia
2016–17 Inter State Twenty-20 Tournament was a Twenty20 cricket tournament in India . This was the first edition of the tournament , with the top teams qualifying for the 2016–17 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy . The tournament was held from 29 January 2017 to 6 February 2017 . 28 full members of BCCI participated in the tournament . Teams were divided in 5 geographical zones and competed within the zones in a Round-robin tournament . One winner was being declared from each zone . The tournament was established to set a stage for players to audition for the upcoming 2016–17 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy and 2017 Indian Premier League .
Central Zone
Squads
Squads -
Points Table
Fixtures
East Zone
Squads
Points Table
Fixtures
North Zone
Squads
Points Table
Fixtures
South Zone
Squads
Points Table
Fixtures
West Zone
Squads
Points Table
Fixtures
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
Domestic cricket competitions in 2016–17
2017 in Indian cricket
Family Law in Partnership is a specialist family law firm advising on the full range of family law issues including divorce and separation ( financial and children related issues ) , never married family separations , same-sex marriage and civil partnerships , and pre and post nuptial agreements . The firm regularly deals with cross border divorce cases and jurisdiction issues , and has a strong international practice .
Family Law in Partnership was named Best Law Firm 2019 & 2020 by The Times , the firm is ranked as a top tier law firm for both family law and family mediation by Legal 500 2020 , and the firm was named a leader for client service by Legal Business ( April 2020 ) .
History
Family Law in Partnership was established in 1995 . The firm was the first law firm to bring together lawyers , mediators and family counsellors working together to resolve clients ' relationship issues .
Practice
The firm advises on all aspects of family law with particular emphasis on the resolution of issues arising from divorce and separation . Specialists regularly advise on cases involving financial complexity including those with an international element , hidden assets , family companies and trust structures . The firm advises and represents parents on issues concerning their children , particularly removal from the jurisdiction . Moreover , it works with cohabitants and civil partners on issues such as relationship and prenuptial agreements and the registration of civil partnerships . Two directors and two consultants are qualified family arbitrators . Mediation and counselling services are available to all clients .
The firm was instrumental in introducing the practice of collaborative family law to Europe and its lawyers are widely recognised as leaders in the field of collaborative law . Consultant Gillian Bishop wrote the first practical handbook for clients divorcing collaboratively , “ A Client 's Guide to Collaborative Divorce – Putting Your Family First ” .
See also
English Law Commission
Notes
References
Researching Reform - Westminster Debate : Supporting Families after the Riots and the Role of Family Law
External links
Official Website
Family Mediators & Solicitors
FLiP 's Profile on Legal 500 UK 2020
FLiP 's profile on Chambers & Partners UK Guide 2020
FLiP 's profile on Chambers & Partners High Net Worth Guide 2020
Law firms of the United Kingdom
Companies based in the City of Westminster
Peshtani is a village in Municipality of Prilep , North Macedonia . It used to be part of the former municipality of Vitolište .
Demographics
According to the 2002 census , the village had a total of 20 inhabitants . Ethnic groups in the village include :
Macedonians 20
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
The Rolls-Royce Condor aircraft piston engine was a larger version of the Rolls-Royce Eagle developing up to 675 horsepower ( 500 kW ) . The engine first ran in 1918 and a total of 327 engines were recorded as being built .
Variants
Note :
Condor I
( 1920-1921 ) 600 hp , 72 built at Derby .
Condor IA
Alternative designation for Condor II .
Condor II
( 1921 ) 650 hp , revised propeller reduction gear ratio , increased compression ratio ( 5.17:1 ) . 34 built at Derby .
Condor III
( 1923-1927 ) 650/670 hp , compression ratio 6.5:1 , Re-designed connecting rods . 196 built at Derby .
Condor IIIA
( 1925 ) 650/665 hp . Improved main bearing design and material .
Condor IIIB
( 1930 ) 650 hp , 0.477:1 reduction gear , re-designed crankcase and crankshaft .
Condor IV
( 1925 ) 750 hp . Direct-drive , modified engine mounting . 13 built at Derby .
Condor IVA
( 1927 ) 750 hp . Nine built at Derby .
Condor V
( 1925 ) As Condor IIIA with two-stage turbocharger . Run but not flown , one built at Derby .
Condor VII
Direct-drive Condor IIIA , two built at Derby .
Condor C.I .
( 1932 ) 480 hp , compression ignition ( diesel ) , two engines tested and flown .
Compression ignition ( diesel ) variant
In 1932 the Air Ministry initiated a conversion of the Condor petrol engine to the compression ignition system . The conversion was developed at the Royal Aircraft Establishment , Farnborough , with the co-operation of Rolls-Royce Ltd. Engine layout , bore , and stroke remained the same as for the petrol version ; the compression ratio increased to 12.5:1 . The more robust construction required to withstand the increased stresses increased the engine weight to 1,504 lbs ( 682 kg ) . At its maximum 2,000 rpm the engine developed 500 hp ( 373 Kw ) , giving a power/weight ratio of 0.33 hp/lb .
The engine passed the 50-hour civil type test for compression ignition engines , being only the second British engine to do so . The only previous engine to pass this test was the much larger Beardmore Tornado fitted to the R101 airship . The diesel Condor was experimentally flown in a Hawker Horsley to explore the practical operation of a diesel engine in flight .
Applications
The Condor was used in the following aircraft :
Specifications ( Condor III )
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Lumsden , Alec . British Piston Engines and their Aircraft . Marlborough , Wiltshire : Airlife Publishing , 2003. .
External links
Photo of a Diesel version of the Condor at oldengine.org
Condor
1910s aircraft piston engines
Airship engines
Alan Norris Nelson ( born 22 November 1965 ) is a former Irish cricketer . Nelson was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium . They were born at Banbridge , County Down , Northern Ireland . They were educated at Banbridge Academy .
Nelson made their first-class debut for Ireland against Scotland in 1988 . They made three further first-class appearances for Ireland between then and 1991 , all of which came against Scotland . In their four first-class appearances , they took 14 wickets at an average of 22.57 , with best figures of 5/27 . With the bat , they scored 56 runs at an average of 18.66 , with a high score of 23 not out . They made their List A debut for Ireland against Gloucestershire in the 1988 NatWest Trophy . They made five further List A appearance , the last of which came against Yorkshire in the 1993 NatWest Trophy . In their six List A match , they took just 4 wickets at an average of 48.50 , with best figures of 2/19 . While with the bat , they scored 20 runs at an average of 10.00 , with a high score of 9 not out . They also made six appearances for Ireland in the 1994 ICC Trophy in Kenya .
Their brother , Noel , played a single first-class match for Ireland , while their son , Liam , has played Youth One Day Internationals for Ireland Under-19s . Outside of cricket , Nelson works as a despatch clerk .
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
People from Banbridge
People educated at Banbridge Academy
Irish cricketers
Cricketers from Northern Ireland
Hemileuca peigleri , the Texas buck moth , is a moth in the family Saturniidae .
Description
The male abdomen is black with a red tip , and the female abdomen is solid black . Their wings are almost transparent , with the upper side of the wing being gray with narrow black borders and a black wing base . Each wing has a wide white band with a small eyespot . Their wingspan ranges from 5.8 – 8.2 cm .
Range
Their range covers central Texas .
Habitat
Their habitat consists of oak-covered hills .
Ecology
Adult moths of this species do not feed . Female Texas buck moths fly 10–20 feet above the ground within oak trees while males fly near the ground .
Hosts of the Texas buck moth include Texas live oak ( Quercus fusiformis ) , Havard 's oak ( Q. havardii ) , Shumard 's oak ( Q. shumardii ) , and Nuttall oak ( Q. texana ) .
Etymology
Taxonomy
Hemileuca peigleri is at times considered a subspecies of Hemileuca maia , but many authors consider it its own species .
References
Hemileucinae
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Endemic fauna of Texas
Jabbar Threats ( born April 26 , 1975 ) is a former American football defensive end . They played for the Jacksonville Jaguars from 1997 to 1998 .
References
1975 births
Living people
American football defensive ends
Michigan State Spartans football players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Scottish Claymores players
Richard Haggie ( 8 October 1933 – 15 July 2005 ) was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented New Zealand .
Playing career
Haggie played at wing and fullback and represented Auckland .
In 1953 the touring American All Stars arrived in New Zealand . Short on players after a long tour of Australia , Haggie was one of the replacements called in to join the squad .
Haggie played for the New Zealand Māori in 1955 , being part of the side that defeated the touring French squad 28-20 . They were also part of the Auckland side that defeated France 17-15 .
Haggie was then selected for the New Zealand national rugby league team 1955–56 tour of Great Britain and France . They played in one test against Great Britain and all three tests against France .
In 1958 , Haggie was part of the Otahuhu Leopards side that played in the first ever Auckland Rugby League grand final , losing 7-16 to Ponsonby .
References
1933 births
2005 deaths
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand national rugby league team players
Auckland rugby league team players
Otahuhu Leopards players
United States national rugby league team players
New Zealand Māori rugby league team players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league wingers
Ronald Adolphis Johnson ( October 17 , 1947 – November 10 , 2018 ) was an American football running back .
Johnson played college football at the halfback position for the University of Michigan from 1966 to 1968 . They set a Michigan school record in 1967 by rushing for 270 yards in a game . In 1968 , they became the first African-American to serve as the captain of a Michigan football team . They set an NCAA record by rushing for 347 yards in a game and set Big Ten Conference records with 92 points scored and 1,017 rushing yards in seven conference games . They also set Michigan records with 2,524 career rushing yards , 19 rushing touchdowns in a season , and 139.1 rushing yards per game in 1968 .
They played seven seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) from 1969 to 1975 and became the first player in New York Giants history to rush for 1,000 yards in a season , accomplishing the feat in both 1970 and 1972 . They also led the NFL in rushing attempts in both 1970 and 1972 . Johnson retired as a player in 1976 , was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1992 , and became chairperson of the National Football Foundation in 2006 . They were diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease in 2008 , and died in 2018 . They are the brother of 1970 American League batting champion Alex Johnson .
Early years and family
Johnson was born in Detroit , Michigan , in 1947 . Their father , Arthur Johnson , having a fourth-grade education , supported their wife and their five children with their own trucking company , Johnson Trucking . Ron 's older brother , Alex Johnson , was a star baseball and football player at Northwestern High School , and opted to play baseball and made their Major League Baseball debut in July 1964 when Ron was 16 years old . Ron followed Alex to Northwestern High School , becoming a star baseball and football player and graduating in 1965 .
University of Michigan
Johnson enrolled at the University of Michigan in the fall of 1965 and played college football for the Michigan Wolverines football team from 1966 to 1968 under head coach Bump Elliott . As a sophomore in 1966 , Johnson gained 44 yards on 12 carries , seeing limited playing time in a backfield that included seniors Carl Ward and Jim Detwiler .
1967 season
As a junior in 1967 , Johnson became the Wolverines ' starting halfback , gaining 982 rushing yards on 210 carries for an average of 4.7 yards per carry . On October 7 , 1967 , in their third game as a starter , Johnson eclipsed the Michigan and Big Ten Conference single-game rushing records with 270 rushing yards on 26 carries , for an average of 10.4 yards per carry , against Navy . They also had 100-yard games that same year against Michigan State ( 107 yards on 24 carries ) , Minnesota ( 108 yards on 17 carries ) , and 167 yards against Northwestern ( 167 yards on a career-high 42 carries ) . They set a Big Ten record with their 42 carries against Northwestern , and they were selected as the most valuable player on the 1967 Michigan Wolverines football team .
1968 season
As a senior , Johnson was captain of the 1968 Michigan Wolverines football team , the first African-American player to receive that honor at Michigan . Johnson led the 1968 team , originally predicted to be an `` also-ran '' in the Big Ten , to an 8–2 record and a No . 12 ranking in the final AP Poll . They rushed for 1,391 yards on 255 carries in 10 games during the 1968 season . In the second game of the 1968 season , Johnson tallied their second 200-yard game , rushing for 189 yards in the first half alone , and finishing with 205 yards on 31 carries against Duke . They followed with three consecutive 100-yard games against Navy ( 121 yards on 22 carries ) Michigan State ( 152 yards on 19 carries ) , and Indiana ( 163 yards on 34 carries ) .
On November 16 , 1968 , in their next-to-last game for Michigan , Johnson set an NCAA record by rushing for 347 yards on 31 carries ( 11.2 yards per carry ) against Wisconsin . They also scored a Big Ten record five rushing touchdowns in Michigan 's 34–9 victory over the Badgers . The Chicago Tribune hailed Johnson 's performance against Wisconsin as `` the most explosive display of running in the proud history of the Big Ten conference . '' As of 2014 , their 347 rushing yards remains a Michigan single-game rushing record .
Johnson also set several career and season records at Michigan . Their 2,524 rushing yards set a new career rushing record at Michigan , eclipsing the record set by Tom Harmon from 1938 to 1940 . They also set Big Ten single-season records with 92 points scored and 1,017 rushing yards in seven conference games during the 1968 season . During the 1968 season , Johnson also set Michigan single-season records with 19 rushing touchdowns ( breaking a record set by Tom Harmon in 1940 ) , 139.1 rushing yards per game , and 1,557 combined rushing/receiving yards .
Michigan head coach Bump Elliott credited Johnson 's success to their instincts : `` I just think it 's instinct . He 's a strong runner and has great instincts . '' Ohio State University assistant coach Esco Sarkkinen credited Johnson 's physique : `` Johnson has good size , speed , agility and balance . But their extraordinary physique give them the ability to shake off tacklers . '' Johnson themselves credited their ability to find an opening as their main asset : `` Picking the hole is what I think I do best . It 's more instinct than anything else . You either have it or you do n't . When the play is called in the huddle I start thinking about where the hole is supposed to be . ''
At the end of their senior year , Johnson won numerous honours , including the following :
They were selected by the Football Writers Association of America and Football News as a first-team running back on the 1968 College Football All-America Team . They were also selected as a second-team All-American by the AP , UPI , and NEA .
They were unanimously selected by their Michigan teammates as the team 's most valuable player , winning the honor for the second consecutive year .
They won the Chicago Tribune Silver Football trophy as the most valuable player in the Big Ten Conference .
They received the Big Ten Medal as the most outstanding scholar-athlete at the University of Michigan .
They finished sixth in the voting for the 1968 Heisman Trophy with 12 first-place votes and 158 total points .
Johnson graduated from the University of Michigan in 1969 with a business degree .
Professional football
Johnson was selected by the Cleveland Browns in the first round of the 1969 NFL Draft . In August 1969 , Johnson ended a lengthy holdout , signing a two-year contract with the Browns in exchange for a compensation package reported to be in excess of $ 100,000 . In a disappointing rookie season , they appeared in all 14 games , 13 as a starter , as a fullback for the Browns , but gained only 472 yards and scored seven touchdowns on 138 carries .
Johnson , along with Jim Kanicki and Wayne Meylan , was traded by the Browns to the New York Giants for Homer Jones on January 26 , 1970 . They noted at the time that they were `` shocked '' by the trade , but hopeful since they believed they were better suited to being a halfback than a fullback as they were used in Cleveland .
In their first season in New York , Johnson became the first player in Giants franchise history to rush for 1,000 yards . On November 8 , 1970 , they rushed for 136 yards and caught four passes for 59 yards , including a game-winning touchdown pass with three minutes remaining , in a 23–20 victory over the Dallas Cowboys . They led the NFL with 263 carries and gained 1,027 yards , second in the NFL behind Larry Brown . They also gained 487 receiving yards on 48 catches . Late in the 1970 season , Giants quarterback Fran Tarkenton said of Johnson : `` Johnson is the best halfback in football today ... period ! He 's just a devastating football player . '' Johnson 's 1,000-yard season capped a big year for the Johnson family , as brother Alex won the American League batting title with a .329 average for the California Angels .
In the summer of 1971 , Johnson suffered a thigh injury while playing a pickup basketball game in Ann Arbor , Michigan . After blood collected in their thigh tissue , Johnson was required to undergo surgery . As a result of the injury , Johnson missed the first six games of the 1971 NFL season . They returned to the lineup for two games , but they sustained a ligament injury against the San Diego Chargers on November 7 , 1971 , and missed the remainder of the season . Johnson gained 156 yards on 32 carries in two games during the 1971 season .
Johnson returned to their pre-injury form during the 1972 NFL season . They led the NFL with a career-high 298 carries and gained 1,182 rushing yards , third best in the NFL behind O. J. Simpson and Larry Brown . They also gained 451 receiving yards on 45 catches . Johnson 's two 1-000-yard seasons were also the only two winning seasons the Giants had between 1964 and 1980 .
Johnson continued to play for the Giants through the 1975 season . They tallied 902 rushing yards and 377 receiving yards in 1973 , but saw their playing time drop off in 1974 and 1975 . In 1974 they were held back by two leg injuries , a thumb injury , and possibly with issues with new head coach Bill Arnsparger relating to Johnson 's role in the 1974 NFL strike . Johnson played out their option in 1975 and signed a contract to play for the Dallas Cowboys in June 1976 , but they were cut by Dallas before the 1976 season began .
Family and later years
In 1970 , Johnson married their wife , Karen , and they have two children , Christopher and Allison . In approximately 1983 , Johnson started Rackson , a food service company based in Totowa , New Jersey . Their son , Christopher , later joined the company , which eventually owned 13 Kentucky Fried Chicken franchises in Michigan and New Jersey .
Johnson was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1992 . In 2006 , they were named the chairperson of the National Football Foundation , operator of the College Football Hall of Fame , becoming its fifth chairperson in 59 years . In 2008 , Johnson was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease . As of 2011 , Johnson was living in a residential care facility in New Jersey , and the majority of the cost of their care was being funded by the NFL 's `` 88 Plan '' .
Death
Johnson died on November 10 , 2018 , at the age of 71 , in Madison , New Jersey .
See also
University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor
Lists of Michigan Wolverines football rushing leaders
References
External links
1947 births
2018 deaths
American football running backs
Cleveland Browns players
College football announcers
Michigan Wolverines football players
New York Giants players
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
National Conference Pro Bowl players
Ross School of Business alumni
Sportspeople from Bergen County , New Jersey
Players of American football from Detroit
People from Fort Lee , New Jersey
Businesspeople from New Jersey
Deaths from dementia in New Jersey
Deaths from Alzheimer 's disease
Northwestern High School ( Michigan ) alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
AmeriHealth New Jersey is a provider of health insurance to employers and individuals throughout New Jersey . AmeriHealth New Jersey is headquartered in Cranbury .
AmeriHealth New Jersey offers nationwide coverage through PHCS , a Preferred Provider Organization ( PPO ) . The company offers insurance through AmeriHealth 's wellness benefits and incentive programs .
History
AmeriHealth , originally known as Delaware Valley HMO , was established in 1995 to provide health coverage to Pennsylvania employers and their staff residing in Burlington , Camden , Gloucester , and Salem counties of New Jersey . It expanded its coverage area to include southern New Jersey and Delaware , and , by 1997 , AmeriHealth offered coverage to the entire state of New Jersey . In 2013 AmeriHealth announced it would be offering plans in New Jersey on the federally run health insurance exchange .
Wellness programs
AmeriHealth New Jersey is a provider of employer on-site health coaching with a nurse wellness specialist to small- and mid-sized New Jersey-based organizations . Workplace wellness services include sending registered nurses to provide a broad spectrum of on-site health education , seminars , screenings , and support . AmeriHealth New Jersey offers an incentive-based wellness program , called Commit2Wellness Rewards , which provides individuals and groups with tools to `` support wellness and rewards for living a healthy lifestyle '' .
Community involvement
AmeriHealth New Jersey is the name sponsor of the New Jersey Devils ' practice facility , the AmeriHealth Pavilion . At the time this sponsorship was announced , news reports cited AmeriHealth 's desire to contribute to the “ revitalization of Newark . ”
AmeriHealth New Jersey is also a sponsor and participant in Special Olympics New Jersey 's annual “ Lincoln Tunnel Challenge. ” In 2009 the event drew a record crowd of 3,500 runners and walkers to the tunnel . Additionally , AmeriHealth New Jersey sponsors and participates in the Benjamin Franklin Bridge Challenge , which benefits the Larc School for the disabled ; and sponsors Rutgers University and several local the minor league baseball teams .
References
Companies based in Middlesex County , New Jersey
Financial services companies established in 1995
Health care companies established in 1995
American companies established in 1995
Cranbury , New Jersey
Health insurance companies of the United States
Health care companies based in New Jersey
Rodrick Kuku ( born 6 April 1990 ) is a DR Congo judoka .
They competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , in the men 's 66 kg but lost to Wander Mateo in the second round .
References
1986 births
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo male judoka
Olympic judoka of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Linda Gregerson ( born August 5 , 1950 ) is an American poet and member of faculty at the University of Michigan . In 2014 , they were named as a Chancellor of the Academy of American Poets .
Life
Linda Gregerson received a B.A . from Oberlin College in 1971 , an M.A . from Northwestern University , an M.F.A . from the University of Iowa Writers Workshop , and their Ph.D. from Stanford University . They teach American poetry and Renaissance literature at the University of Michigan , where they have also directed the M.F.A . program in creative writing .
They served as the judge for the 2008 Brittingham Prize in Poetry . Them poems are featured in American Alphabets : 25 Contemporary Poets ( 2006 ) and many other anthologies .
Awards
Kingsley Tufts Poetry Award for Waterborne
The Poet 's Prize finalist
Lenore Marshall Poetry Prize finalist for The Woman Who Died in Them Sleep
Levinson Prize from Poetry magazine
Consuelo Ford Award from the Poetry Society of America
Isabel MacCaffrey Award from the Spenser Society of America
2000 Guggenheim Fellowship
Pushcart Prize .
Bibliography
Poetry
Collections
Fire in the Conservatory ( 1982 )
The Woman Who Died in Them Sleep ( 1996 )
Waterborne ( Houghton Mifflin , 2002 )
Magnetic North ( Houghton Mifflin , 2007 )
The Selvage ( Houghton Mifflin , 2012 )
Prodigal : New and Selected Poems , 1976 to 2014 , ( Houghton Mifflin , 2015 )
Canopy , Ecco , New York , 2022 .
List of poems
Non-fiction
The Reformation of the Subject : Spenser , Milton , and the English Protestant Epic ( 1995 )
Negative Capability : Contemporary American Poetry ( 2001 )
References
External links
Official Home Page
1950 births
Living people
American women poets
Iowa Writers ' Workshop alumni
The New Yorker people
Northwestern University alumni
Oberlin College alumni
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Stanford University alumni
University of Michigan faculty
American women academics
21st-century American women
Diksmuide was a constituency used to elect a single member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1900 .
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives ( Belgium )
Bečvář ( ) is a lunar impact crater that is located near the equator on the far side of the Moon . It was named after Czechoslovakian astronomer Antonín Bečvář . It lies to the northeast of the crater Necho , within that feature 's ray system . To the north-northeast is the crater Gregory .
This is a worn , eroded crater system with a few tiny craterlets lying across the floor and rim . A double-crater formation occupies the southwestern rim , with Bečvář Q forming the northwestern member of this pair . The crater Bečvář X is attached to the northern rim .
Bečvář lies at the center of an unnamed , highly subdued , 200-km-diameter crater which was originally discovered during the Apollo 16 mission and reported by Farouk El-Baz . The name Necho was proposed for the crater , but the name was eventually adopted for the small , bright-rayed crater along the south margin of the unnamed crater .
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Bečvář .
References
External links
Bečvář at The Moon Wiki
Becvar
Craig Packer ( born 1950 , Fort Worth , Texas ) is an American biologist , zoologist , and ecologist chiefly known for their research on lions in Serengeti National Park . They are the founder and director of both the Lion Research Center and Whole Village Project , as well as the co-founder of Savannahs Forever Tanzania . In addition , Packer has been a professor in the University of Minnesota 's department of Ecology , Evolution , and Behavior since 1983 . Since their graduation from Stanford University in 1972 , Packer has become an active researcher and scientist , having published over 100 scientific articles and authored two books . For one of these books - Into Africa - Packer was awarded the John Burroughs Medal in 1995 . They have received various honors and awards in recognition of their work as a biologist . Packer has been ordained with a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1990 , a Distinguished McKnight University Professorship in 1997 , and was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2003 . They are a regular contributor to National Geographic and the IUCN .
Early years
Packer was born in Fort Worth , Texas in 1950 . They attended their local Eastern Hills High School in 1964 and graduated in 1968 . Growing up , Packer was originally interested in being a doctor or an engineer , and originally sought medical school after graduating from high school . However , these fields did not support their desire to work out in the field and to travel to exotic places . Furthermore , Packer was fascinated by evolution and animal ethology . They ultimately abandoned their place in Stanford University 's School of Medicine to work as a field assistant for Jane Goodall in Gombe National Park , Tanzania to study olive baboons . They graduated from Stanford in 1972 with a bachelor 's degree in Human Biology . They later attended the University of Sussex to complete their doctoral research on baboons , graduating with a Ph.D. in Behavioral Ecology in 1977 . After a subsequent study on Japanese macaques in Hakusan National Park , Packer returned to Tanzania in 1978 as the head of the Serengeti Lion Project . Their interest in lions derives from their unique behavior as social carnivorans , and it is a passion they continue to exercise as director of the Lion Research Center .
Research
Baboons
While studying at Stanford , Packer was sent to Tanzania to study baboons at the Gombe Stream Research Center with Jane Goodall . During this study , Packer was one of the first ecologists to study complex hypotheses about the adaptive significance of behavior in their studies of coalition formation in baboons and the reasons why male baboons dispersed from their troop of birth to new troops . Packer attended the University of Sussex to complete their baboon research .
Serengeti Lion Project
In 1978 Packer began the Serengeti Lion Project to study various historical questions about lions . One of their biggest contributions to the Serengeti Lion Project was the discovery that successive outbreaks of canine distemper virus had different impacts depending on the rainfall patterns from the previous year . Packer studied how severe droughts led to co-infections of canine distemper virus by a tick-borne parasite , babesia . The co-infection mixed with high levels of babesia showed to be far more fatal than the distemper virus itself .
Packer also studied the effects of a full moon and its correlation to the number of lion attacks . Along with their colleagues , they discovered that the risks of man-eating attacks are highest during the first week after the full moon , which may help explain why there are so many myths about the full moon . They also discovered that people in southern Tanzania are most at risk from man-eating lions in areas where they have to sleep in their fields to protect their crops from nocturnal crop-pests such as bush pigs . The lions stumble upon a novel prey species when they follow the pigs into people 's fields .
Current Work
Packer works at the University of Minnesota .
Family
Packer is married to Susan James and has two children : Jonathan ( 1987 ) , who is a pulmonologist in Shreveport , Louisiana and Catherine ( 1984 ) , who holds an MPH from Johns Hopkins . They have two grandchildren , Sienna and Felix .
Works
Packer , C. & Pusey , A . ( producers ) & Matthews , R. ( director ) . ( 1989 ) . Queen of Beasts [ documentary ] . Tanzania National Park , East Africa : Alan Root Productions .
Packer , C. 1994 . Into Africa . University of Chicago Press .
Craft , ME. , Vols , E. , Packer , C. , Meyers , LA . 2011 . Disease transmission in territorial populations : the small-world network of Serengeti Lions . Journal of the Royal Society Interface 8 ( 59 ) 776-786 .
Packer , C. , Swanson , A. , Ikanda D. , Kushnir , H. 2011 . Fear of Darkness , the Full Moon and the Nocturnal Ecology of African Lions . PLoS ONE 6 ( 7 ) : e22285 .
Packer , C. A Bit of Texas in Florida . 2010 . Science 24 , 329 ( 5999 ) 1606-1607 .
Packer , C. , Kosmala , M. , Cooley , H.S. , Brink , H. , Pintea , L. , Garshelis , D. , Purchase , G. ,
Strauss , M. , Swanson , A. , Balme , G. , Hunter , L. , & K. Nowell . 2009 . Sport hunting , predator control and conservation of large carnivores . PLoS ONE 4 ( 6 ) : e5941 .
Mosser , A . & C. Packer . 2009 . Group territoriality and the benefits of sociality in the African lion , Panthera leo . Animal Behaviour .
Welburn , S. , K. Picozzi , P. Coleman & C. Packer . 2008 . Patterns in age-seroprevalence consistent with acquired immunity against Trypanosoma brucei in Serengeti lions . PLoS-Neglected Tropical Diseases 2 ( 12 ) : e347 .
Munson , L. , K.A . Terio , R. Kock , T. Mlengeya , M.E . Roelke , E. Dubovi , B. Summers , A.R.E . Sinclair & C. Packer . 2008 . Climate extremes and co-infections determine mortality during epidemics in African lions . PLoS-One 3 , e2545 .
Ikanda , D. & C. Packer . 2008 . Ritual vs. retaliatory killing of African lions in the Ngorongoro Conservation Area , Tanzania . Endangered Species Research 6 , 67-74 .
Fryxell , J. , A. Mosser , A.R.E . Sinclair & C. Packer . 2007 . Group formation stabilizes predator-prey dynamics . Nature 449 , 1041-1044 .
Citations
Packer , C. ( 2010 ) A Bit of Texas in Florida Science 24 , 329 ( 5999 ) 1606-1607.Retrieved on October 15 from the Science Magazine website : https : //www.science.org/doi/abs/10.1126/science.1196738
Public Broadcasting Service . ( 2011 ) Nature : Elsa 's Legacy , the Born Free Story . Retrieved October 15 , 2011 from the PBS website : https : //www.pbs.org/wnet/nature/episodes/elsas-legacy-the-born-free-story/interview-lion-expert-craig-packer/6143/
University of Minnesota . ( 2011 ) College of Biologigical Sciences : Faculty and Staff . Retrieved on October 15 , 2011 from the University of Minnesota website : https : //web.archive.org/web/20111018174543/http : //www.cbs.umn.edu/eeb/contacts/craig-packer
See also
Dr Packer on the issue of competition between Asiatic lions and tigers
References
American ecologists
Living people
1950 births
Sayaji Rao Gaekwad II was the eight Maharaja of Baroda State reigning from 1819 to 1847 . They became Maharaja of Baroda after the death of Anand Rao Gaekwad . They were the third son of Govind Rao Gaekwad .
Succession
They died in 1847 and was succeeded by Ganpat Rao Gaekwad as the new Maharaja of Baroda state .
See also
Gaekwad dynasty
References
External links
Official Website of the Gaekwads of Baroda
1800 births
1847 deaths
Maharajas of Vadodara
Hindu monarchs
Indian royalty
Indian military leaders
Golden Balls is a video game by Endemol UK based upon the UK TV series of the same name hosted by Jasper Carrott . The game was released on November 14 , 2008 . PEGI have rated the game as 3+ . It was developed by British studio Slam Productions .
Gameplay
The gameplay is identical to the show Golden Balls , containing four rounds , the only exception being when the votes are cast in rounds 1 and 2 , there is never a draw .
External links
http : //www.mindscape.co.uk/Home/Home.asp
2008 video games
Nintendo DS games
Wii games
Video games based on game shows
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Europe-exclusive video games
Mindscape games
Heaven Deconstruction is an experimental instrumental album by The Young Gods released on July 29 , 1997 .
Track listing
`` December '' - 6:04
`` Aoaçu '' - 2:48
`` Acid Strangel '' - 5:27
`` Improper '' - 5:25
`` Drun '' - 4:37
`` Riversky '' - 4:49
`` F '' - 3:21
`` Borea '' - 4:58
`` Scories '' - 0:56
`` Landing '' - 5:51
`` Messages '' - 3:11
`` Nano Pata '' - 1:48
`` Lova '' - 4:45
`` Light Residues '' - 2:24
`` Under '' - 6:15
`` Numière '' - 6:39
`` Windklang '' - 4:25
References
The Young Gods albums
1996 albums
Albums produced by Roli Mosimann
Hakola Umesh Chandra High School is a school located at Howrah , West Bengal , India . This is a co-educational school and is affiliated to the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education for Madhyamik Pariksha ( 10th Board exams ) , and to the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education for Higher Secondary Examination ( 12th Board exams ) .
References
High schools and secondary schools in West Bengal
Schools in Howrah district
Educational institutions in India with year of establishment missing
Laura Vasiliu ( born 25 January 1976 ) is a Romanian actor .
Born in Piatra Neamț , they shared an interest in the arts with their mother , with whom they would practice William Shakespeare works . Laura learned to act while spending time in a hospital with an actor .
After going on to act on stage and in film , Vasiliu came to international prominence after starring in the Palme d'Or-winning 2007 film 4 Months , 3 Weeks and 2 Days . At the Palm Springs International Film Festival , they won Best Actress for their role in 4 Months , 3 Weeks and 2 Days .
In 2016 , they starred in the film Fiore , which screened at the Cannes Film Festival .
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
People from Piatra Neamț
Romanian film actores
Romanian stage actores
21st-century Romanian actores
Ralph Beilby ( 1744–1817 ) was a British engraver , working chiefly on silver and copper .
They were the son of William Beilby , a jeweller and goldsmith of Durham who later moved to Newcastle upon Tyne to look for better opportunities . Ralph became a silversmith , jeweller , and seal-engraver under their father and elder brothers Richard and William junior . In addition , they became a copper engraver to meet the demand of the then North England market . Their plate `` Thornton 's Monument '' in John Brand 's History of Newcastle shows their craftsmanship in that field . In 1767 Thomas Bewick was apprenticed to him . They became partners 10 years later .
The texts in Bewick 's A General History of Quadrupeds ( 1790 ) and History of British Birds : Land Birds ( 1797 ) were drafted by Beilby and revised by Bewick . According to Bewick 's account , Beilby wanted to have their name appear in Land Birds as the sole author ; however , upon Bewick 's disagreement , neither of them was named as the author . The partnership came to an end in 1797 , after the publication of Land Birds . They were tentatively reconciled in 1800 , co-operating again for some projects , including the publication of Figures of British Land Birds . Bewick came to Beilby 's defense when the latter had been defamed in a supplement to the third edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica published in 1801 .
References
Bibliography
Bewick , Thomas ( 1975 ) . A Memoir of Thomas Bewick . Edited with an introduction by Iain Bain . London ; New York : Oxford University Press .
Dictionary of National Biography ( 1917 ) . London : Oxford University Press .
Uglow , Jenny ( 2006 ) . Nature 's Engraver : A Life of Thomas Bewick . London : Faber and Faber .
1744 births
1817 deaths
English engravers
Natural history illustrators
Aelquntam is a Native American mythological figure of the Nuxalk Nation people . They are the head of all supernatural beings and gods , similar to Juno or Jupiter .
References
Nuxalk gods
The Institute of High Energy Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences ( IHEP ) ( ) is the largest and most comprehensive fundamental research center of high-energy physics in China . It is located in Shijingshan District , Beijing and administered by the Chinese Academy of Sciences . The major research fields of IHEP are particle physics , astrophysics and astroparticle physics , accelerator physics and technologies , radiation technologies , and their applications .
Related
Beijing Electron-Positron Collider ( BEPC and BEPCII )
Beijing Proton Linac ( BPL )
Beijing Spectrometer III ( BES III )
Beijing Synchrotron Radiation Facility
Beijing Test Beam Facility
China Spallation Neutron Source
Dark Matter Particle Explorer ( DAMPE )
Daya Bay Reactor Neutrino Experiment
Hard X-ray Modulation Telescope ( HXMT )
High Energy cosmic Radiation Detector facility ( HERD )
Jiangmen Underground Neutrino Observatory ( JUNO )
Large High Altitude Air Shower Observatory ( LHAASO )
POLAR instrument onboard Tiangong-2
Yangbajing International Cosmic Ray Observatory ( YBJ )
Yutu ( rover ) ; IHEP built its alpha particle X-ray spectrometer
References
Particle accelerators
Particle physics facilities
Research institutes of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Shijingshan District
Physics institutes
`` Paid My Dues '' is a song by American rapper NF , released on December 3 , 2019 as the lead single from their 2021 mixtape Clouds ( The Mixtape ) . It was written and produced by NF , Tommee Profitt , and Cole Walowac , a.k.a . Saint X . The song discusses NF 's critics and their hypocrisy , showing how they made their path to success and overcoming obstacles that they faced along the way . A music video was released the same day as the song .
Composition and lyrics
In the song , NF raps about the audacity for critics to have an opinion on their music and the criticism they receive , before criticizing them himself , stating `` I read your article , it kinda hurt me / I do n't know who hired you or what your friends say in your circle / But the fact that you released it tells me two things are for certain : / They get paid for trashin ' people , I get paid 'cause I stay workin ' '' . They then continues by going into the topic of facing their battles , overcoming them , and working to produce the content that made them successful . It has a similar theme to their previous album , The Search , showing how they are lost and finding their way out .
Critical reception
A contributor from Billboard says that they `` kick [ ed ] the song into an even higher gear with their trademark rapid-fire delivery '' , with Jonathan Currinn from CelebMix stating that `` he certainly does n't disappoint . ''
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal .
Nate Feuerstein – composer , lyricist , producer
Tommee Profitt – composer , lyricist , producer , mastering engineer , mixer , studio personnel
Cole Walowac/Saint X – lyricist , producer
Charts
Certifications
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
NF ( rapper ) songs
Songs written by Tommee Profitt
Songs written by NF ( rapper )
Yvonne Denise Aki-Sawyerr , OBE ( ; born 7 January 1968 ) is a Sierra Leonean politician and finance professional , who is serving as the current mayor of Freetown , Sierra Leone 's capital and largest city ; they assumed office on 11 May 2018 . Prior to becoming head of the Freetown City Council , Aki-Sawyer had worked extensively in the UK financial and professional services industry . They had also taken either pioneering or crucial roles in various charity and public service projects in the UK and Sierra Leone , including participation in the fight against Ebola in 2014 and the subsequent recovery initiatives .
Early life and education
Yvonne Denise Aki-Sawyerr ( née Morgan ) was born on 7 January 1968 in Freetown , in the British Dominion of Sierra Leone ( present day Sierra Leone ) . They are a member of Sierra Leone 's Creole ethnic group . They attended St. Joseph 's Secondary School in Freetown where they were head girl and Loreto House Captain .
Aki-Sawyerr graduated with honours from Fourah Bay College in 1988 where they earned a bachelor 's degree in Economics . At university , they were active with AIESEC ( the International Association of Students in Economics and Management ) and they became the first African on AIESEC 's Brussels-based International Exchange Committee in 1988 .
They earned a master 's degree in International Relations and Politics of the World Economy at the London School of Economics and Political Science . In 1993 , they received their certification from the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales .
Career
Private sector
Mayor Aki-Sawyerr is a Chartered Accountant , and has a private sector experience of over 25 years in roles such as providing strategic planning , project management , risk management , corporate governance and regulatory consulting services to high profile clients in the UK financial services industry . They began working for professional services firm Arthur Andersen in 1990 . They became the Investment Director of IDEA ( Inspiring Digital Enterprise Award ) in 2009 , in which they were tasked for raising international finance to fund projects , and the management of local stakeholder groups .
Charity and other endeavours
In 1999 , Aki-Sawyerr co-founded the charity Sierra Leone War Trust ( SLWT ) , which aimed to promote humanitarian , social and welfare conditions of children and youth in Sierra Leone .
During the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone in 2014 , they led a campaign in the UK with the aim of increasing international awareness about the outbreak . They took a sabbatical leave from IDEA and joined Sierra Leone 's National Ebola Response Centre ( NERC ) , and became the Director of Planning . They relocated to Sierra Leone and recruited volunteers to work in the Ebola Treatment Centres .
Politics and public service
Before vying for the top position at Freetown City Council , Aki-Sawyerr worked as a key member of the President 's Recovery Priorities ( PRP ) , serving as delivery Team Lead , from January 2016 to October 2017 . PRP was the second phase of a multi-stakeholder programme aimed at driving sustainable socio-economic transformation in Sierra Leone after the Ebola crisis . They played a crucial role in the design and implementation of `` Operation Clean Freetown '' which was part of the PRP programme that focused on introducing a sustainable system of household waste collection in the city of Freetown .
Aki-Sawyerr has been the Mayor of Freetown since taking office on 11 May 2018 after winning a total of 309,000 votes representing 59.92 % of the votes cast in the mayoral election . She 's a member of the People 's Congress ( APC ) political party - one of the two political parties , alongside the Sierra Leone People 's Party ( SLPP ) , that have dominated Sierra Leone politics since independence from the United Kingdom
Personal life
Aki-Sawyerr is married and has two children .
Awards and honours
Aki-Sawyerr was recognized for their work during Sierra Leone 's Ebola crisis with an Ebola Gold Medal by then president of Sierra Leone Ernest Bai Koroma in December 2015 .
They were made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) by Queen Elizabeth II in January 2016 .
Aki-Sawyerr was on the list of the BBC 's 100 Women ( BBC ) announced on 23 November 2020 .
In February 2021 , Time Magazine named them as one of Time 's `` 100 Next '' honorees .
References
Living people
Sierra Leone Creole people
All People 's Congress politicians
Sierra Leone women 's rights activists
Mayors of Freetown
1968 births
BBC 100 Women
Women mayors of places in Sierra Leone
21st-century Sierra Leonean women politicians
21st-century Sierra Leonean politicians
Sierra Leonean economists
Sierra Leoneans of Jamaican Maroon descent
Kamarbon ( ; also known as Kamarīn ) is a village in Chelav Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 24 , in 5 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
The 1998 United States Senate election in Iowa was held November 3 , 1998 . Incumbent Republican United States Senator Chuck Grassley sought re-election to a fourth term in the United States Senate , running against former State Representative David Osterberg , who won the Democratic nomination unopposed . Grassley had not faced a competitive election since 1980 ; this year proved no different , and Grassley defeated Osterberg in a landslide .
Democratic primary
Candidates
David Osterberg , former State Representative
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Chuck Grassley , incumbent United States Senator
Results
General election
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
Iowa
1998
Classic Adventure , also known as Adventure 1 , is a fantasy text-based video game released by Abersoft in 1982 . It was originally released as Adventure 1 on the ZX Spectrum in 1982 before being changed to Classic Adventure in 1984-1985 and re-released on more platforms .
Classic Adventure is a remake of the 1976 text adventure game Colossal Cave Adventure .
Gameplay
As a text based game it starts with the opening `` You are standing at the end of a road before a small brick building . Around you is a forest . A small stream flows out of the building and down a gully '' . From here it is up to the player to decide how to explore the caves in the game . There are obstacles that must be overcome and treasure to bring back to the house .
References
1982 video games
BBC Micro and Acorn Electron games
Commodore 16 and Plus/4 games
Commodore 64 games
MSX games
Video games developed in the United States
ZX81 games
ZX Spectrum games
The National Environment Commission ( , Conama ) was created on 9 March 1994 after the releasing of the Law N°19,300 under the government of Patricio Aylwin . Its first CEO was José Goñi .
On 1 October 2010 , President Sebastián Piñera transformed the commission in the Ministry for the Environment .
List of representatives
References
External links
Profile at BCN
Government ministries of Chile
Wayne Ramsey ( born January 31 , 1957 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman . They were drafted in the sixth round , 104th overall , by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1977 NHL Amateur Draft ; they played two games in the National Hockey League with Buffalo in the 1977–78 season , going scoreless . They were also drafted by the World Hockey Association 's Indianapolis Racers , but never played in that league .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
External links
1957 births
Living people
Brandon Wheat Kings players
Buffalo Sabres draft picks
Buffalo Sabres players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Hershey Bears players
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Indianapolis Racers draft picks
Brandon Travellers players
Milwaukee Admirals ( IHL ) players
Port Huron Flags ( IHL ) players
Rochester Americans players
Springfield Indians players
Toledo Goaldiggers players
Karakoram Express ( ) is a passenger train operated daily by Pakistan Railways between Karachi and Lahore . The trip takes approximately 17 hours and 45 minutes to cover a published distance of , traveling along a stretch of the Karachi–Peshawar Railway Line , Khanewal–Wazirabad Branch Line and Shahdara Bagh–Sangla Hill Branch Line . The train is named after the famous Karakoram mountain range of northern Pakistan .
History
Karakoram Express was inaugurated on 14 August 2002 . This was during a period where Pakistan Railways went through several `` facelifts '' under Pervez Musharraf 's government ( including Karachi Express , Tezgam and Shalimar Express ) . Karakoram Express acquired the title of the `` fastest train in Pakistan '' .
Route
Karachi Cantonment–Khanewal Junction via Karachi–Peshawar Railway Line
Khanewal Junction–Sangla Hill Junction via Khanewal–Wazirabad Branch Line
Sangla Hill Junction–Shahdara Bagh Junction via Shahdara Bagh–Sangla Hill Branch Line
Shahdara Bagh Junction–Lahore Junction via Karachi–Peshawar Railway Line
Station stops
Karachi Cantonment
Hyderabad Junction
Rohri Junction
Khanewal Junction
Faisalabad
Lahore Junction
Equipment
The train operates 13 economy carriages , 4 AC Business carriages , 1 power van and 1 luggage van .
References
Named passenger trains of Pakistan
Passenger trains in Pakistan
Charles Albert Norris ( 23 July 1881 – 16 February 1940 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) . Norris remains the oldest player to debut in the VFL/AFL and go on to play 100 games . They were also a country field umpire with the VFL in 1921 .
Playing career
Originally from California Gully , Norris came to Melbourne and played for Northcote in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) before receiving a transfer to Collingwood in July 1910 . Playing mostly as a follower , Norris made up for their 178 cm with a good turn of speed as indicated by their victory in three footraces earlier that year . A gripman on the tramways Norris competed at the employees picnic coming first in the Denham Plate ( all-comers ) , gripmen and 440 yards events . They continued to place in similar events for much of their career despite the fact they debuted in the VFL aged 28 .
Norris was part of the 1910 Collingwood premiership win over rivals Carlton . Named in a back pocket Norris effectively stepped into the ruck position when teammate Dave Ryan injured an elbow in the second quarter .
Midway through the following season , Norris crossed to Fitzroy . This was just in time for them to take on the Magpies , against whom they performed creditably first up .
In their time with Fitzroy , Norris played in the club 's 1913 and 1916 premiership sides as well as Fitzroy 's Grand Final loss the following year . They were named amongst the best players in the latter two matches . Norris was a major influence in Fitzroy 's re-emergence as a league power following a number of indifferent seasons .
Moving on from Fitzroy in 1919 they transferred to North Melbourne in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) where they suffered a broken nose against Williamstown in one of their first matches . Norris played well for the remainder of home and away season but their form , much like North 's , dropped off during the finals . North made the 1919 VFA Grand Final , but were defeated by Footscray ; Norris appears to have had little effect on the result .
The following year , Norris returned to Northcote and played out their final year . Northcote finished three games out of finals contention .
Aged 39 , Norris retired at the end of the 1920 season .
Umpiring
Immediately following their retirement as a player , Norris began a short-lived umpiring career with the VFL .
Their first appointment was at Cobden ; in the ensuing two months , they officiated as a field umpire in nine different competitions across Victoria . Heatherton versus Mordialloc in the Federal Football League was their tenth and final match as a VFL umpire .
Personal life
Norris was born in Heathcote , Victoria , and was one of eleven children . They married Beatrice in 1903 and moved to Bendigo ; afterwards , Norris movied to Melbourne , where they worked as a tram driver . They died from pleurisy and pneumonia in 1940 . Their great-great grandson Will Hoskin-Elliott is now also a footballer for Collingwood . Will played 52 matches with the Greater Western Sydney Giants .
References
External links
1881 births
Collingwood Football Club players
Collingwood Football Club Premiership players
Fitzroy Football Club players
Fitzroy Football Club Premiership players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
1940 deaths
Three-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
This is a list of parliaments in Trinidad and Tobago .
See also
Parliament of Trinidad and Tobago
References
Government of Trinidad and Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago-related lists
`` Ude Dil Befikre '' ( ) is a Bollywood song from the soundtrack of the 2016 Indian feature film Befikre . The song is composed by Vishal–Shekhar , written by Jaideep Sahni and sung by Vishal Dadlani , Benny Dayal . The music video features Ranveer Singh , and Vaani Kapoor , and it was released by Yash Raj Films .
The composer duo Vishal–Shekhar composed the song on a stairwell . Ranveer Singh asked background actors to slap them in the face to help them achieve the desired expressions on the music video ; they were slapped 21 times . The song was released on 3 November 2016 .
Background
The song is written by Jaideep Sahni , extra French vocals by Sophie Choudry , and choreographed by Vaibhavi Merchant . Composers Vishal–Shekhar said that the entire song was composed on a stairwell . The duo said that it was hard to find the right singer for the song , explaining : `` When someone suggested Benny Dayal 's name for the song and we were like he 's a south Indian , we want someone who can get Arabic nuances '' , then they found out that Dayal spent their childhood in Oman and knew Arabic music . Later , they described them as `` He came in and nailed it '' .
Music video
The music video is set in Paris . Ranveer Singh described the weather during the filming as : `` so cold that Adi [ Aditya Chopra ] has to come to us saying you are not feeling cold '' . The song features UNESCO heritage sites from France , as a member of the film crew told Bollywood Hungama :
Choreographer Vaibhavi Merchant said that film director Aditya Chopra wanted to `` scale up the level of craziness '' . The director titled the song as a 'dare song ' and revealed that in the video the on-screen characters would assign each other for a few dares , but Merchant explained that `` that was not it for even the choreographers had a tough task at hand to complete the song in scheduled time '' . When filming the music video , actor Ranveer Singh asked the background actors to slap them hard across their face to ensure that they got the right expressions for the music video , and was slapped 21 times .
In the music video , Vaani Kapoor and Ranveer Singh 's characters dare each other to do various things such as `` stripteases , ballet on the streets and stealing a football from the stadium during an ongoing match '' .
Release
The song was released on 3 November 2016 . It received 9 million views on YouTube in its two weeks of release .
Devansh Sharma of Firstpost wrote , `` Vishal-Shekhar 's energetic and high-octane music serves as an appropriate background score and Benny Dayal 's vocals adds the punch '' . Rachit Gupta writing for Filmfare said that the visuals of `` Ude Dil Befikre '' `` are gold standard '' . Urvi Parikh of Pink Villa said that the song is `` spot on '' . India wrote : `` [ the song ] tries too hard to be unabashed love . But simply put the song both lyrically and visually is repetitive '' . News18 wrote that : `` [ the song ] will force you to dance carefree wherever you are '' . Bollywood Hungama called the song `` a visual treat '' .
The Himalayan Times wrote : `` Songs Nashe Si Chadh Gayi and Ude Dil Befirke make the audience groove and sing with them '' . Suparna Thombare of Cinestaan wrote : `` Ude Dil Befikre is a joyride and an easy-on-the-ears party number '' . India Today wrote : `` The high octane number , composed by Vishal-Shekhar and sung by Benny Dayal , is catchy and does not go the old-school way of mush and romance '' .
Track listing
References
External links
2016 songs
Songs written for films
Hindi film songs
Ashok Kumar Hemal is a urologist and medical academic , known as the first surgeon to perform robotic surgery in India . They are a former professor of the India Institute of Medical Sciences , Delhi and is credited with efforts in establishing the department of robotic surgery at AIIMS where they have performed over 100 surgeries for cancer on kidney , prostate glands and urinary bladder . They have also served at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center , Winston-Salem , as a professor and was a member of the team which developed teaching modules for the Centre for Medical Education Technology of AIIMS and Indira Gandhi National Open University . They have been involved in with many medical conferences and has published several medical articles ; PubMed , an online repository of medical articles has listed 320 of them . Besides , they have authored a medical text book , Robotics in Urological Surgery , published by Springer Verlag . They are an elected fellow of the National Academy of Medical Sciences and a recipient of the 2005 Outstanding Social Scientist Award of the University Grants Commission . The Government of India awarded them the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri , in 2007 , for their contributions to medical science .
See also
Robotic surgery
References
Recipients of the Padma Shri in medicine
Indian urologists
Indian medical academics
Indian medical writers
All India Institute of Medical Sciences , New Delhi faculty
Fellows of the National Academy of Medical Sciences
Indira Gandhi National Open University
Indian surgeons
20th-century Indian medical doctors
Living people
20th-century surgeons
1960 births
Andevar ( , also Romanized as Andevār and Andavār ) is a village located in a mountainous area on the Alborz Haraz road , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 226 , in 54 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Keith Rowland ( born on 1 September 1971 ) is a Northern Irish football manager and former footballer , who is manager of Tilbury .
As a player , they were a defender who notably played in the Premier League for Coventry City and West Ham United . They also played in the Football League for AFC Bournemouth , Queens Park Rangers , Luton Town , Chesterfield and Barnet , as well as with non-league sides Hornchurch , Redbridge and Welling United . They also represented Northern Ireland , winning 19 caps .
Since retirement , Rowland has worked as a manager and coach within non-league football . They have managed Wingate & Finchley and Aveley , having previously been on the coaching staff at Braintree Town .
Club career
Rowland was signed by AFC Bournemouth manager Harry Redknapp , making their league debut appearance against Darlington on 17 August 1991 . They had two loan spells away from The Cherries at Farnborough Town and at Coventry City where they made two substitute appearances .
In the summer of 1993 , with Redknapp now assistant manager to Billy Bonds at West Ham , Rowland , was signed for £110,000 alongside midfielder Paul Mitchell . Rowland played 91 games in all competitions for West Ham , scoring only one goal , in a 1–1 away draw against Newcastle United in November 1996 . They found their first team opportunities limited in their time at West Ham due to injury and the form of first team regulars Julian Dicks and David Burrows .
In January 1998 Rowland moved to Queens Park Rangers ( QPR ) along with Iain Dowie as part of the deal which saw Trevor Sinclair move to Upton Park . Rowland made their QPR debut in January 1998 against Stockport County and went on to make 56 league appearances , scoring three goals .
They stayed at the QPR until August 2001 , which included a period on loan , at Luton Town , before moving to Chesterfield on a free transfer .
They made only 12 appearances for Chesterfield before signing for Barnet in March 2003 . The summer of 2003 saw Rowland 's final Football League appearance before they made their move into non-League football .
International career
Rowland gained 19 caps for Northern Ireland scoring one goal in a 1–0 win against Finland on 10 October 1998 . They were first capped whilst with West Ham making their international debut on 8 September 1993 against Latvia . Their final game came on 9 May 1999 in a 1–0 win against Ireland .
Coaching career
After coaching at Aveley , Rowland followed manager Rod Stringer to Braintree Town in May 2010 where they were first-team coach . After managerial contract negotiations failed , they left the club with Stringer in May 2011 . On 14 June 2011 , Rowland returned to Braintree as Assistant Manager to Alan Devonshire . In January 2016 , Rowland was appointed manager of Wingate & Finchley . During Rowland 's time at the club , Wingate recorded two record high finishes in the Isthmian League Premier Division . On 29 August 2019 , Rowland returned to Aveley as manager . They left Aveley in November 2021 . They were appointed Tilbury manager on 16 November 2021 . Rowland left by mutual agreement on 19th February 2022 .
International goals
Scores and results list Northern Ireland 's goal tally first .
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
People from Portadown
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland international footballers
Football managers from Northern Ireland
Premier League players
AFC Bournemouth players
Farnborough F.C . players
Coventry City F.C . players
West Ham United F.C . players
Queens Park Rangers F.C . players
Luton Town F.C . players
Chesterfield F.C . players
Barnet F.C . players
Hornchurch F.C . players
Dublin City F.C . players
Redbridge F.C . players
Welling United F.C . players
Wingate & Finchley F.C . managers
Aveley F.C . managers
English Football League players
Association football defenders
Tilbury F.C . managers
Association football coaches
Jan Børge Poulsen ( born 23 March 1946 ) is a Danish football manager and former player who played as midfielder , spending most of their professional career at Boldklubben Frem .
Coaching career
During the 1980s Poulsen coached Boldklubben Frem and Køge Boldklub .
In 1990 , they were named Richard Møller Nielsen 's assistant for the Denmark national team , and they were part of the team that won the Euro 1992 . After the win in 1992 they were promoted to head coach of the Denmark U21 national team . They had this job until 1999 , when they were named new sporting director of the Singapore national team . When Vincent Subramaniam was sacked in 2001 due to bad results , Poulsen stepped in to replace him . This did not help Singapore and Poulsen themselves was sacked in 2002 .
They then returned to Denmark to a couple of minor coaching jobs . In 2006 , they made an agreement with Greve Fodbold to become new head coach , but at the same time they got the offer to become coach of the Jordan U-20s . In the end they accepted the job from Jordan .
In January 2008 , they accepted an offer to become the head coach of the Armenia national team . On 30 March 2009 , Poulsen was relieved of their duties from the Football Federation of Armenia .
Poulsen took over as the head coach of Tanzania national team in August 2010 after being appointed by the Tanzanian Football Federation from a short-list of five from 59 applicants . After four months in charge of the team , they led Tanzania to victory in the 2010 CECAFA Cup - the first win of the country since 1994 . They left Tanzania in May 2012 and was replaced by their fellow Dane and namesake Kim Poulsen .
In August 2013 they became new manager of the Danish lower league club Solrød FC . In the summer of 2014 they were named new manager of Haslev FC .
References and notes
External links
Boldklubben Frem profile
Jan B. Poulsen Interview
1946 births
Living people
People from Stevns Municipality
Association football midfielders
Danish footballers
Boldklubben Frem players
Danish football managers
Boldklubben Frem managers
Køge Boldklub managers
Singapore national football team managers
Armenia national football team managers
Tanzania national football team managers
Danish expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Singapore
Expatriate football managers in Armenia
Expatriate football managers in Tanzania
Sportspeople from Region Zealand
Nepal Janabadi Morcha ( NJM ; lit . Nepal Democratic Front ) is a leftwing political movement in Nepal . The group was founded in 1976 , and worked clandestinely during the panchayat regime . Its chairperson Ram Raja Prasad Singh lived in exile in India . After the successful Constituent Assembly election in April 2008 , Ram Raja Prasad Singh was proposed by the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) —now the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist Centre ) —as a potential candidate to become the first president of the Federal Republic of Nepal .
On June 20 , 1985 , several bombs detonated throughout the country . Eight people were killed . Several days later , NJM claimed responsibility . The explosions spurred hundreds of arrests . The National Panchayat pronounced death sentences in absentia for the NJM leadership , Ram Raja Prasad Singh , Laxman Prasad Singh ( vice chairperson ) and Khema Raj Mayalu ( general secretary ) . Dr. Laxmi Narayan Jha , Iswar Lama , Padam Lama , Maheswar Chaulagain and Saket Mishra were amongst those arrested after the attacks whom disappeared while in custody .
These events had a great impact on the political situation in the country . At the time it was widely believed that the bombings were the work of provocateurs , as the government wanted to disrupt the mass civil disobedience movements taking place .
In 1987 the NJM split , with one section forming Janabadi Morcha ( Nepal )
After the popular uprising of 1990 and the introduction of multiparty democracy , NJM was registered as a legal political party . It is still led by Ram Raja Prasad Singh , but plays little importance in national politics . It publishes Mukti-Morcha . NJM favoured abolition of the monarchy .
In the 1994 legislative elections , Khema Raj Mayalu came second in the constituency Dadeldhuda with 9,966 votes .
References
Political parties in Nepal
Rebel groups in Nepal
This is a list of films produced by the Tollywood ( Bengali language film industry ) based in Kolkata in the year 2003 .
Highest-grossing
Sangee
A-Z of films
References
External links
Tollywood films of 2003 at the Internet Movie Database
2003
Lists of 2003 films by country or language
Bengali
Al-Fassi or Al-Fasi is a surname . Notable people with the name include :
Imam Fassi ( 1760 CE – c. 1863 CE ) , Moroccan imam
al-Fassi family , constituting the Fassiyatush Shadhiliyya Sufi order
Isaac Alfasi ( 1013–1103 ) , Moroccan Talmudist , posek and rabbi
Abbas El Fassi ( born 1940 ) , Moroccan politician
Abd al-Rahman al-Fasi ( 1631–1685 ) , Moroccan writer
Abd al-Qadir al-Fasi ( 1599–1680 ) , Moroccan writer
Abu Imran al-Fasi ( 974–1015 ) , Moroccan writer
Abu l-Mahasin Yusuf al-Fasi ( 1530 – 1604 ) , Moroccan theologian
Ahmad ibn Idris al-Fasi ( 1760–1837 ) , Moroccan theologian
Ahmad Zarruq al-Barnusi al-Fasi ( 1442–1493 ) , Moroccan scholar and writer
Allal al-Fassi ( 1910–1974 ) , Moroccan politician , writer , poet and Islamic scholar
David ben Abraham al-Fasi ( died before 1026 CE ) , lexicographer
Al-Hassan al-Wazzan al-Fasi or Leo Africanus ( 1494 – c. 1554 ) , Moroccan geographer
Asia Alfasi ( born 1984 ) , Libyan-British comic writer and artist
Eric Alfasi ( born 1970 ) , Israeli basketball player and coach
Hatoon al-Fassi ( born 1964 ) , Saudi Arabian historian
Hamdun ibn al-Hajj al-Fasi ( 1760–1817 ) , Moroccan scholar
Malika al-Fassi ( 1908–1991 ) , Moroccan writer and nationalist
Mohammed al-Mahdi al-Fasi , Moroccan biographer and historian
Mohammed ibn Hajj al-Abdari al-Fasi ( 1258 – 1336 ) , Moroccan writer
Mohammed ibn Kiran al-Fasi ( 1758–1812 ) , Moroccan , religious scholar and politician
Mohammed ibn Zakri al-Fasi ( died 1731 ) , Moroccan writer
Taqi al-Din Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Fasi ( 1373–1429 ) , Saudi Arabian scholar and judge
Fasi
Lidija Cvijić ( born 25 May 1998 ) is a Serbian handball player for Toulon Saint-Cyr Var Handball and the Serbian national team .
References
1998 births
Living people
Serbian female handball players
Kabgian ( ) may refer to :
Kabgian District
Kabgian Rural District
Alfred Robert Waylen ( 1833 – 10 January 1901 ) was a colonial surgeon in Western Australia and a winemaker .
Waylen was born at Point Walter , Western Australia , son of Alfred Waylen and their wife , née Bailey . A. R. Waylen qualified as M.R.C.S . Eng. , L.S.A . ( London ) , and L.Mid.R.C.S . Eng . in 1856 . They entered the colonial service in April 1859 as medical officer Swan District , and was for sixteen years in the Imperial medical service in charge of the Guildford convict depot and out-stations . They were appointed colonial surgeon in August 1873 , medical officer of Perth prison in 1876 , and was also president of the Medical Board and of the Central Board of Health . Dr. Waylen , who was an M.D . of Melbourne and a J. P. of Western Australia , and was a member of the Perth Commission for the Colonial and Indian Exhibition , visited England in 1890 . They married in 1887 Louisa , daughter of the Rev . Thomas Henry Walpole , vicar of Winslow , Bucks , and widow of Sir Luke S. Leake . Dr. Waylen was one of the pioneers of the wine industry in Western Australia , starting a winery in Darlington .
Waylen died childless in Guildford , Western Australia on 10 January 1901 .
References
1833 births
1901 deaths
Australian surgeons
Australian winemakers
People from Perth , Western Australia
Legion Park may refer to :
American Legion Memorial Park , Everett , Washington
Centene Stadium ( Great Falls , Montana ) ; formerly Legion Park ( 1940-2007 )
Mort Glosser Amphitheater , Gadsden , Alabama ; formerly Legion Park Bowl
Legion State Park , Louisville , Mississippi
Sims Legion Park , Gastonia , North Carolina
See also
Legion Field , Birmingham , Alabama
Legion Field ( Greenville , Mississippi )
Kindrick Legion Field , Helena , Montana
The Tyrol–South Tyrol–Trentino Euroregion ( ; ) is a Euroregion formed by three different regional authorities in Austria and Italy : the Austrian state of Tyrol ( i.e . North and East Tyrol ) and the Italian autonomous provinces of South Tyrol and Trentino .
Overview
The boundaries of the association correspond to the former Princely County of Tyrol , a crown land of the Habsburg monarchy ( including the former Prince-bishoprics of Trent and Brixen ) which for centuries shaped life in the Alpine region . Excluded from the association due to a change of the province by the fascists , are Cortina , Livinallongo , Colle Santa Lucia , Pedemonte , Valvestino and Magasa , but they have voted in 2007/2008 to revert to the provinces of South Tyrol/Trentino , which has not yet been approved by the Italian legislature in Rome . Divided after World War I , the region retained much of its cultural integrity by its traditionally strong attachment to the land and a profound desire for self-government on both sides of the border . The long-standing cultural , social and economic ties , as much as the recognition of convergent interests based on its traditional role as transit country and its largely identical environmental conditions in the Eastern Alps , led to the creation of the Euroregion by the three provinces in 1998 .
Linguistically , the population in Austrian Tyrol is German-speaking , while the overwhelming majority of the inhabitants of the Trentino is Italian-speaking . In South Tyrol , approximately two-thirds speak German as their mother tongue and one-quarter speak Italian . Overall , 62 % of the Euroregion are German speakers and 37 % Italian speakers . About 1 % of the total population of the Euroregion speak Ladin as mother tongue , this group being mainly indigenous to South Tyrol , but also to the Trentino and Belluno .
Member regions
The Euroregion in numbers as of 31 December 2006 :
Co-operation
Cross-border cooperation between the three neighbours covers today many fields , including tourism , traffic , infrastructure , social services and environmental issues in the sensitive central Alps area . In 2001 , the joint ( 'Alpine declaration ' ) , a charter for sustainable development , called for a reconciliation of economic pressures with the wish of the local population to preserve its living environment . A common liaison office was set up in Brussels to foster relations with the EU .
Following a historic meeting between the parliaments of Austrian Tyrol and South Tyrol in 1971 , the first in 57 years , the joint meetings were extended 20 years later to include the Trentino . In the 1990s , the Austrian federal-state of Vorarlberg , which enjoyed close relations with the region in the past , was granted observer status in the Three Provinces ' Parliament ( ) . Meetings of the assembly were held at various places of historical importance , such as Innsbruck and the former capital of Tyrol , Merano .
See also
Tyrol
History of Tyrol
History of South Tyrol
List of euroregions
References
External links
Homepage of Tyrol-South Tyrol-Trentino
1998 establishments in the European Union
States and territories established in 1998
Euroregions
Regions of Tyrol ( state )
South Tyrol
Trentino
Tyrolean culture
Lyd may refer to :
LYD , the abbreviation for a Libyan dinar
PKP class Lyd2 , a diesel hydraulic locomotive
Lyd ( locomotive ) , a 2010-built narrow-gauge steam locomotive based on a design for the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway
River Lyd ( disambiguation ) , the name of two rivers in England
A common diminutive of Lydia
Surge Radio is an English student radio station based at the University of Southampton . Founded in 1976 as Radio Heffalump , the station was renamed Radio Glen the following year and originally broadcast from the university 's Glen Eyre Halls complex .
History
Surge Radio began broadcasting in the autumn term of 1976 as a pirate station , before it was agreed in March 1977 to form a legal radio station at Glen Eyre . The station was founded as Radio Glen and initially broadcast from a studio in Glen Eyre `` F-Block '' , transmitting on AM by means of induction-loop systems installed on building rooftops on 963 , and later on 1602 , KHz .
The early 1980s brought major developments , including the station 's first regular service of student news , a consistent programme schedule , the construction of a second studio and new music library , refurbishment of the main studio with cartridge machines and a new student-built mixer , and a sung jingle package . The station relocated to larger premises in New Terrace in 1998 .
In 2000 the station began broadcasting on 1287AM , having before only reached Glen Eyre tenants , and in 2001 it commenced FM transmissions for one week per year . Also in 2001 , the station was re-branded as SURGE , an acronym of Southampton University Radio from Glen Eyre .
In 2003 the station won its first Student Radio Award , awarded by the UK Student Radio Association : station Webmaster Nicholas Humfrey picked up the Technical Innovation Award for their `` Total Request '' system , while the website was awarded silver in the Website of the Year category . Surge News was founded in February 2004 by James Laidler , and in 2005 won first place in the SRA News & Talk category , with Nick Bevan picking up Surge 's third award , for Newcomer of the Year . In June 2005 , Surge successfully received funding of £25,000 from SUSU for construction of a new studio in the Students ' Union building on the University 's Highfield Campus , which was completed and launched in October . In April 2006 the station hosted the Student Radio Conference , and in June hosted the BBC 6 Music Breakfast Show with Phill Jupitus . Surge picked up an award for Best Entertainment Show in November 2006 , when Nick Bevan , Thomas Morgan and Zander Bell won with `` The Nick & Mogs Show '' .
In the 2011 Student Radio Awards Surge 's Technical Manager Ben Morton received two nominations for the station , both in the category of Best Technical Achievement ; they won the silver award at the ceremony for their work on the Surge Facebook application . Surge celebrated its 40th birthday in February 2016 .
In February 2017 , a rare EMI BTR-3 tape recorder , previously used at Abbey Road Studios in the 1960s , was recovered by members of the Surge committee from the old Glen Eyre Halls studio after information on its whereabouts was provided by former Radio Glen Technical Manager Henry Walmsley , who had used the machine at the premises throughout the 1990s . The BTR-3 was donated to Abbey Road in April 2017 , and in exchange , Surge were invited to broadcast from their new 'Front Room ' studio . This made Surge the first group to use the Front Room studio , and the first student radio station to ever broadcast from Abbey Road Studios . The broadcast took place on April 13 , 2017 .
Since 2018 , the station has officially been known as Surge Radio , distancing itself from the original acronym SURGE . The station was heavily affected by the lockdowns during the COVID-19 pandemic ; its final day of in-person broadcast was March 13 , 2020 . The station is expected to begin broadcasting again during the 2021/22 academic year .
Committee
The Surge Radio committee are in charge of running the station and are elected at the end of each academic year for the following academic year by current members of the station .
Studios
Surge Radio , along with SURGEtv , operate from two main studios and various facilities through the University of Southampton .
Studio 1
Studio 1 is Surge Radio 's live broadcast studio . Studio 1 has four microphones and a mixing desk , and the majority of shows on the schedule take place within Studio 1 . Studio 1 is also used for live music sessions .
Studio 2
Studio 2 is Surge Radio 's recording studio ; whilst it has the capability of broadcasting live , it is primarily used as a recording suite for podcasts , news bulletins , station sound and original music .
OB Kit
Surge Radio 's outside broadcast system , known as the OB kit , is a portable PC with several modules that allow for radio shows to take place outside of the other 2 studios . The OB kit has the ability to broadcast radio shows live through sound systems on site , but also the ability to create a second online stream so that the outside broadcasts can be listened to via Surge Radio 's website .
Student Radio Awards
Surge Radio has been nominated for , and won , many Student Radio Awards since they were launched in 1995 .
I Love Student Radio Awards
The Love Student Radio Awards are a separate awards ceremony held every year at the Student Radio Conference that aim to celebrate and reward the commitment of individuals and teams that work in student radio .
See also
Student Radio Association
SUSUtv
Wessex Scene
University of Southampton Students ' Union
University of Southampton
References
External links
Surge - University of Southampton at the Student Radio Association .
Radio stations established in 1976
Radio stations in Hampshire
Student radio in the United Kingdom
University of Southampton
The 2017–18 Biathlon World Cup – Stage 2 was the 2nd event of the season and was held in Hochfilzen , Austria , from 8 December until 10 December 2017 .
Schedule of events
Medal winners
Men
Women
References
Biathlon World Cup - Stage 2 , 2017-18
2017–18 Biathlon World Cup
Biathlon World Cup - Stage 2
Sport in Tyrol ( state )
Biathlon competitions in Austria
Sofie Blichert-Toft ( born 31 March 1994 ) is a Danish handball player who currently plays for Skanderborg Håndbold .
References
1994 births
Living people
People from Skive Municipality
Danish female handball players
Sportspeople from the Central Denmark Region
Bela Crkva ( Macedonian Cyrillic : Бела Црква ; meaning White Church ) is a village in the Municipality of Krivogaštani , Prilep Oblast , North Macedonia . It is situated along the main road between Krivogaštani and Demir Hisar .
Demographics
According to the 2002 census , the village had a total of 498 inhabitants . Ethnic groups in the village include :
Macedonians 498
References
Villages in Krivogaštani Municipality
Babasaheb Neelkanth Kalyani is an Indian business person who served as the chairperson and managing director of Bharat Forge , the Flagship company of the Kalyani Group and the world 's second-largest forgings manufacturer after ThyssenKrupp of Germany .
Early life and education
Babasaheb Kalyani was born in a Lingayat family on 7 January 1949 to Mrs. Sulochana and Mr. Neelakanth Kalyani , a Pune-based technocrat and maker of automotive components . They completed their high school from Rashtriya Military School , Belgaum ; and also attended Dr. ( Mrs ) Erin N.Nagarvala School ( formerly National Model School ) , Pune . They attended BITS Pilani , from where they earned a BE ( Hons . ) in Mechanical Engineering in 1970 , and later Massachusetts Institute of Technology where they earned an MS degree .
Career
Baba Kalyani joined Bharat Forge , a global manufacturing company , in 1972 .
To contribute to a clean and emission-free environment , Kalyani set up Kenersys Limited to manufacture various energy-efficient wind turbines for domestic and international markets . The company also has its own wind turbines in Maharashtra which generate `` green energy '' for the group 's manufacturing operations . They are also engaged in developing solar energy equipment for the non-conventional energy sector . In a joint venture with KPIT Cummins , Bharat Forge is developing a hybrid solution that would contribute in the country being able to meet its vehicular emission targets .
In SKF board of directors member since 2011 .
Kalyani received the Indian government 's Padma Bhushan award for contributions to Trade and Industry , and was made Commander First Class of the Royal Order of the Polar Star by the Swedish government in recognition of their contribution in furthering trade and business cooperation between Sweden and India . Other awards include Global Economy Prize , 2009 for Business by Kiel Institute , German Businessman of the Year , 2006 by Business India Magazine , Entrepreneur of the Year 2005 for Manufacturing by Ernst & Young , and CEO of the Year 2004 by the Business Standard group .
Government of India constituted a task force under the chairpersonship of Baba Kalyani to study policies related to special economic zone ( SEZ ) on 6 June 2018 .
On 19 February 2015 , the Kalyani Group announced a joint venture with Rafael Advanced Defense Systems of Israel . This joint venture company will be based in India .
In April 2021 , Forbes estimated their net worth to be around US $ 2.3 billion .
Philanthropy
They are the founder-chairperson of Pratham Pune Education Foundation , an NGO that is engaged in providing primary education to children belonging to under-privileged sections of the local community , which was established in 2000 .
References
External links
Kalyani Group web site
Forbes list
1949 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Maharashtra
Recipients of the Padma Bhushan in trade and industry
Recipients of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Marienberg Rural LLG ( also Marienberg Hills Rural LLG ) is a local-level government ( LLG ) of East Sepik Province , Papua New Guinea . The Marienberg languages are spoken in this LLG , as well as various Lower Sepik-Ramu languages and to isolate Tayap .
Wards
01 . Kasmin 2 ( Buna language speakers )
02 . Kasmin 1 ( Buna language speakers )
03 . Mansep
04 . Ariapan ( Buna language speakers )
05 . Boik ( Buna language speakers )
06 . Kis
07 . Kaup
08 . Murik ( Nor language speakers )
09 . Darapap
10 . Karau
11 . Mendam
12 . Bin
13 . Suk ( Buna language speakers )
14 . Imbandomarienberg
15 . Mamber
16 . Watam ( Marangis language speakers )
17 . Kopar ( Kopar language speakers )
18 . Mabuk
19 . Gapun ( Tayap language speakers )
20 . Arango
21 . Ombos
22 . Ormai
23 . Jangit
24 . Manimong
25 . Murken
26 . Pokran
27 . Jeta
28 . Binam
29 . Pankin
See also
Marienberg , Papua New Guinea
Marienberg Hills
Marienberg languages
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Meade Roberts ( 13 June 1930 in New York City – 10 February 1992 in New York City ) was an American screenwriter who collaborated with Tennessee Williams on the screenplays for the films The Fugitive Kind ( 1960 ) and Summer and Smoke ( 1961 ) , both based on plays by Williams . In other work for films , Roberts wrote the screenplay for The Stripper ( 1963 ) , starring Joanne Woodward , by adapting William Inge 's play A Loss of Roses and wrote the screenplay for the movie In the Cool of the Day ( 1963 ) , starring Peter Finch and Jane Fonda , by adapting Susan Ertz 's novel of the same name . Roberts also was an actor in two John Cassavetes films , The Killing of a Chinese Bookie ( 1976 ) and Opening Night ( 1977 ) . Roberts 's play A Palm Tree in a Rose Garden ( 1957 ) had an off-Broadway run in NYC from November 26 , 1957 to January 19 , 1958 , with Barbara Baxley as Barbara Parris . In 1960 , Tomás Milián appeared at Spoleto 's Festival dei Due Mondi in Roberts 's one-act play Maidens and Mistresses at Home in the Zoo ( 1958 ) , written specifically for him .
Meade Roberts wrote television scripts for such shows as CBS 's Suspense ( 1949–1955 ) , NBC 's The Kate Smith Evening Hour ( 1951–1952 ) , and CBS 's Schlitz Playhouse of Stars ( 1951–1959 ) . They adapted Henry James 's novel The Wings of the Dove for Playhouse 90 , which aired January 8 , 1959 , season 3 , episode 14 , with Dana Wynter as Kate Croy , James Donald as Merton Densher , and Inga Swenson as Milly Theale . NTA Film Network 's Play of the Week aired a teleplay of Roberts 's play A Palm Tree in a Rose Garden on April 4 , 1960 , season 1 , episode 26 , with Glenda Farrell as Rose Frobisher , Barbara Barrie as Lila Frobisher , Robert Webber as Anton Jonas , and Barbara Baxley as Barbara Parris .
They died of a heart attack in New York City on February 10 , 1992 .
Filmography
References
External links
American male screenwriters
1930 births
1992 deaths
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Mehrabad ( , also Romanized as Mehrābād ) is a village in Estabraq Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 413 , in 100 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Atutur is a town in the Eastern Region of Uganda .
Location
The town lies on the Tirinyi–Pallisa–Kamonkoli–Kumi Road , in Atutur Parish , Atutur sub-county , Kumi District , approximately southeast of Kumi Town , where the district headquarters are located . Atutur is located northwest of Mbale , the nearest large city . The coordinates of Atutur Town are : 01°19'25.0 '' N , 33°53'18.0 '' E ( Latitude:1.323605 ; Longitude:33.888341 ) .
Overview
Atutur General Hospital sits in Atutur sub-county , on the Tororo–Mbale–Soroti Road , about northeast of Atutur Town .
See also
List of hospitals in Uganda
List of roads in Uganda
References
External links
Kumi District Internet Portal
Kumi District
Populated places in Eastern Region , Uganda
Cities in the Great Rift Valley
Murroogh ( ) , sometimes named Murrooghtoohy or Murroghtwohy , is a hamlet in County Clare , Ireland . It covers the townlands of Murrooghtoohy North and Murrooghtoohy South . It is within the civil parish of Gleninagh , in the Barony of Burren . The area was officially classified as part of the West Clare Gaeltacht ; an Irish-speaking community ; until 1956 .
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
References
Towns and villages in County Clare
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly who served in the 56th Parliament held their seats from 2015 to 2019 . They were as elected at the 2015 state election and at by-elections . The Speaker was Shelley Hancock .
See also
Second Baird ministry
First Berejiklian ministry
Results of the 2015 New South Wales state election ( Legislative Assembly )
Candidates of the 2015 New South Wales state election
References
Members of New South Wales parliaments by term
20th-century Australian politicians
New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Mandi may refer to :
Places
Mandı , Azerbaijan
India
A town on the Mandi River in Poonch district , Jammu and Kashmir
Mandi , Himachal Pradesh , a city in Himachal Pradesh
Mandi State , former princely state
Mandi ( Lok Sabha constituency )
Mandi ( Vidhan Sabha constituency )
Mandi district , a district in Himachal Pradesh
Mandi , Jalandhar , a village in Punjab
Mandi , Uttar Pradesh , a village in Uttar Pradesh
Mandi Dabwali , a city in Sirsa district , Haryana
Mandi Gobindgarh , a town in Punjab
Mandi , Phagi , village in Jaipur district , Rajasthan
Pakistan
Mandi , Mirpur , a village in Azad Kashmir
Mandi Bahauddin , a town in Punjab
Mandi Bahauddin District , a district in Punjab
Heera Mandi , a district of Lahore
People
Aïssa Mandi ( born 1991 ) , Algerian footballer
Armando Sosa Peña ( born 1989 ) , known as Mandi , Spanish football midfielder
Gyula Mándi ( 1899–1969 ) , Hungarian Olympic footballer and manager
Imre Mándi ( 1916–1943 ) , Hungarian boxer
Nazanin Mandi ( born 1986 ) , American model , actor , and singer
Mandi Lampi ( 1988–2008 ) , Finnish actor and singer
Mandi Perkins , Canadian rock musician
Mandi Schwartz ( 1988–2011 ) , Canadian ice hockey player
Other uses
Mandi ( bath ) , a method of bathing in Indonesia and Malaysia
Mandi ( film ) , a 1983 Hindi film by Shyam Benegal
Mandi ( food ) , a popular meal in Arabia
Mandi ( legendary creature ) , a short-lived race from medieval bestiaries
Mandi ( Mandaeism ) , a place of worship for followers of Mandaeism
Mandi tribe , an indigenous people of Western Australia
Sabzi Mandi ( disambiguation ) , a wholesale food market in South Asia
See also
Mande ( disambiguation )
Mandy ( disambiguation )
Sarah Schneider ( born August 30 , 1980 ) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Straweight division . They are currently signed with Invicta FC .
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–6
| Amber Stautzenberger
| Decision ( Unanimous )
| EB - Beatdown at 4 Bears 11
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| North Dakota , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–6
| Carla Esparza
| TKO ( Punches )
| Invicta FC 2
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:28
| Kansas , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–5
| Sally Krumdiack
| Submission ( Armbar )
| Invicta FC 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:01
| Kansas , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–5
| Ivana Coleman
| Submission ( Armbar )
| BEP 5 - Breast Cancer Beatdown
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:30
| North Carolina , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 4–5
| Megumi Fujii
| TKO ( Punches )
| Bellator 21
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:58
| Florida , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 4–4
| Adrienna Jenkins
| Submission ( Rear-Naked Choke )
| FCF - Freestyle Cage Fighting 39
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:07
| Oklahoma , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 4–3
| Sarah Kaufman
| TKO ( Punches )
| PFC : Best of Both Worlds 2
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:43
| California , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–2
| Julie Kedzie
| Submission ( Rear-Naked Choke )
| MF - Matrix Fights 6
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:01
| New Mexico , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3–2
| Jennifer Tate
| Decision ( Split )
| PureCombat 6 - Halloween Bash
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:45
| Connecticut , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3–1
| Tonya Evinger
| Decision ( Decision )
| TFF - True Fight Fans
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Missouri , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Ashley Sanchez
| Decision ( Unanimous )
| FFF 4 - Call of the Wild
|
| align=center| 5
| align=center| 3:00
| Los Angeles , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Kaitlin Young
| Submission ( Armbar )
| Tuff-N-Uff - Thompson vs. Troyer
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 0:35
| Las Vegas , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Corinna West
| Submission ( Armbar )
| TFC 9 - Summer Mayhem 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:50
| Kansas , United States
|
References
External links
Sarah Schneider at Invicta FC
1986 births
Living people
American women boxers
American female mixed martial artists
Strawweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists from Missouri
People from Raytown , Missouri
21st-century American women
Tony Kehrer ( born January 16 , 1937 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Edmonton Eskimos . They won the Grey Cup with Winnipeg in 1958 and 1959 . They played junior football for the Rods and won two championships in 1956 in Winnipeg and 1957 in Toronto .
References
1937 births
Living people
Edmonton Elks players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Louis Pierre Goullaud ( 23 November 1840 – 7 December 1919 ) published and sold music in Boston , Massachusetts , in the 19th century . In the 1860s they worked for `` Koppitz , Pruefer & Co. '' With Asa Warren White ( 1826–1894 ) and their son , Edward Warren White ( 1849–1896 ) – as the firm `` White & Goullaud '' – they sold musical instruments and published sheet music ( c. 1869 – 1875 ) . Under their own imprint they issued sheet music and Goullaud 's Monthly Journal of Music . They retired c. 1886 , and died in Braintree on December 7 , 1919 .
Published by Goullaud
Little Rosewood Casket . 1870
The Dundreary Polka . Composed and inscribed to Mr. Sothern by Thomas Baker . 1872
Inman Line March . Composed by A.E . Warren . Respectfully Inscribed to William Inman Esq . 1872
The Little Frauds , Harrigan & Hart 's Songs & Sketches . 1872
Thematic Catalogue of Popular Songs . 1872
Gentle Spring Waltz dedicated to Fanny Davenport . 1873
Lotta 's Favorite Nocturne for piano by J. W. Turner . 1873
Johnny You 're In Luck , Sung With Unbounded Success By `` Bryants Minstrels . '' 1874
The Shaughraun Waltz by Thomas Baker . 1875
Fifth Avenue George , a Popular Song . Sung with unbounded applause by Tony Pastor . Written & Composed by J. P. Skelly . 1876
George H. Coes 's Album of Music . 1876
Evangeline , Opera Bouffe . List of Original Music . Libretto by J. Cheever Goodwin . Music by Edward E. Rice . 1877
Songs of the Rice Surprise Party . 1880
Images
References
External links
WorldCat . Goullaud , Louis P .
http : //hdl.loc.gov/loc.music/sm1877.03294
http : //imslp.org/wiki/Grande_polonaise_brillante , _Op.26_ ( Pratt , _Silas_Gamaliel )
http : //imslp.org/wiki/Evening_Service_in_E-flat_major_ ( Gerrish , _William_H . )
http : //www.wsulibs.wsu.edu/holland/masc/finders/cage430/page1.htm
1839 births
1919 deaths
Businesspeople from Boston
19th century in Boston
American music publishers ( people )
19th-century American businesspeople
Merchant Marine Academy may refer to :
Philippine Merchant Marine Academy
United States Merchant Marine Academy
Vicia benghalensis is a species of vetch known by the common names purple vetch and reddish tufted vetch . It is native to southern Europe , North Africa , and nearby islands , and it is utilized elsewhere in agriculture and may be present in the wild as an introduced species . It is an annual herb with a climbing stem which is coated in hairs , often densely , making the plant appear silvery white . Each leaf is made up of several pairs of elongated leaflets which measure up to 3 centimeters in length . The inflorescence is a one-side raceme of several dark reddish purple flowers . Each flower has a densely hairy calyx of sepals and a tubular corolla between one and two centimeters in length . The fruit is a flat , hairy legume pod up to 3.5 centimeters long containing multiple seeds .
This plant is used as a cover crop and green manure for the purposes of soil improvement and weed and pest control . It is used in crop rotation , for hay and fodder , and as a honey plant , and it has a very high biomass yield . Purple vetch seeds and forage have been reported to cause poisoning in humans and in livestock , so caution is required when feeding them .
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Photo gallery
benghal
Flora of Europe
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Route 48 is a state highway in northwestern Missouri . Its western terminus is located at U.S. Route 71 ( US 71 ) north of Savannah . The route travels eastward across the communities of Rosendale , Rea , and Whitesville . The road ends at US 169 in King City , about from its western terminus . The road was designated around 1926 , and was completely laid down with gravel by 1936 and paved in asphalt by 1942 .
Route description
The route is located in Andrew and Gentry counties . In 2015 , Missouri Department of Transportation ( MoDOT ) calculated as many as 876 vehicles traveling on Route 48 east of US 71 , and as few as 527 vehicles traveling west of Route B . This is expressed in terms of annual average daily traffic ( AADT ) , a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year .
Route 48 starts at the intersection of US 71 and County Road 43 ( CRD 43 ) and travels eastward . The road passes by a school and travels through farmland , and turns northeastward at CRD 146 . East of CRD 149 , the route shifts southward and crosses over the One Hundred and Two River , the city limit of Rosendale . Traversing the northern edge of the city as Main Street , the road intersects Route C , also known as Lake Street . The road soon leaves the town , and begins travelling northeastward again . At CRD 127 , the route travels eastward , and enters Rea at CRD 117 as Byers Street . Route 48 intersects four city streets before leaving the city . The entrance to the J. F. Roberts Octagonal Barn , listed on the National Register of Historic Places , is located past the intersection of Routes 48 and B . The road then intersects the northern terminus of Route D , and crosses over the Platte River . Route 48 intersects CRD 198 and CRD 201 in the unincorporated area of Whitesville , and crosses the Agee Creek past CRD 91 and CRD 200 . The road continues through farmland and crosses the Crooked Creek . Between CRD 226 and CRD 227 , Route 48 intersects Routes M and P and shifts slightly southward . The road enters Gentry County past CRD 111 and CRD 235 . Past CRD 417 , the route crosses over the Elm Grove Branch , and the Third Fork after CRD 432 . Route 48 enters King City as Empire Avenue , west of its intersection with Route CC . The road continues into the city , intersecting multiple city streets and driveways . The route ends at the intersection with US 169 , also known as Connecticut Street inside the city . The road continues as Route Z , which ends at Pattonsburg .
History
The Route 48 designation first appeared on state maps in 1926 , as an unimproved road starting from US 71 and ending at Route 4 in King City . A bridge at the One Hundred and Two River that carried the route was built in 1929 , with a cost of $ 49,087 . A large section of Route 4 was designated as US 169 in 1931 , including Route 48 's eastern terminus , and the Route 48 sections in Gentry County and from US 71 to Rosendale in Andrew Country were improved and had new gravel laid down ; the paving costs were $ 101,176 ( ) and $ 150,282 ( ) respectively . About two years later , gravel was laid down from Whitesville to the Andrew–Gentry county line . The remaining section from Rosendale to Whitesville was laid down with gravel by 1936 . The first asphalt paving on the route began in 1938 , where the Gentry County section was paved first , with a cost of $ 38,861 ( ) . The rest of the route was paved in asphalt four years later . Route 48 was resurfaced and shoulders were reshaped in 1974 from Rosendale to King City , which cost $ 435,278.46 ( ) . The bridge at the One Hundred and Two River was replaced by a new bridge in October 2014 .
Major intersections
References
External links
048
Transportation in Andrew County , Missouri
Transportation in Gentry County , Missouri
Irving Carrie Taylor ( August 13 , 1919 – December 4 , 1991 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player . They were a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers who won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz . Taylor died after complications due to stomach cancer at their home in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
References
External links
bio
Team profile
1919 births
1991 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Woodson County ( standard abbreviation : WO ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas . As of the 2020 census , the county population was 3,115 . Its county seat is Yates Center .
History
Early history
For many millennia , the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans . From the 16th century to 18th century , the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America . In 1762 , after the French and Indian War , France secretly ceded New France to Spain , per the Treaty of Fontainebleau .
19th century
In 1802 , Spain returned most of the land to France , but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles . In 1803 , most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre .
In 1854 , the Kansas Territory was organized , then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state . In 1855 , Woodson County was established . Fort Belmont was used during the Civil War and had received refugees from the Trail of Blood on Ice . Opothleyahola is buried in an unmarked grave next to their daughter who died at the fort .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.5 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Coffey County ( north )
Anderson County ( northeast )
Allen County ( east )
Neosho County ( southeast )
Wilson County ( south )
Greenwood County ( west )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,788 people , 1,642 households , and 1,052 families residing in the county . The population density was 8 people per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . There were 2,076 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 96.96 % White , 0.82 % Black or African American , 0.87 % Native American , 0.05 % Asian , 0.24 % from other races , and 1.06 % from two or more races . 1.37 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 1,642 households , out of which 25.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 53.80 % were married couples living together , 7.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 35.90 % were non-families . 33.30 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 19.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.83 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 21.70 % under the age of 18 , 7.40 % from 18 to 24 , 22.10 % from 25 to 44 , 23.90 % from 45 to 64 , and 24.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 44 years . For every 100 females there were 96.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 96.80 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 25,335 , and the median income for a family was $ 31,369 . Males had a median income of $ 23,950 versus $ 16,135 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 14,283 . About 10.20 % of families and 13.20 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 17.20 % of those under age 18 and 13.20 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Presidential elections
Woodson County is powerfully Republican . The only Democrat to win a majority in the county was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 , although Woodrow Wilson won a plurality in 1912 . In contrast , Charles Evans Hughes in 1916 & George H. W. Bush in 1992 are the only Republican winners of the county who only managed to win a plurality of its votes .
Education
Unified school districts
Woodson USD 366
Communities
Cities
Yates Center
Toronto
Neosho Falls
Census-designated place
Piqua
Other unincorporated communities
Athens
Batesville
Cookville
Durand
Rose
Vernon
Ghost towns
Defiance - located six miles east of Yates Center , its population moved to Yates Center after it was selected as the permanent county seat in 1876
Kalida - located two miles south of Yates Center , its population moved to Yates Center after it was selected as the permanent county seat in 1876
Townships
Woodson County is divided into six townships . The city of Yates Center is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships . In the following table , the population center is the largest city ( or cities ) included in that township 's population total , if it is of a significant size .
See also
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Woodson County , Kansas ; Geo . A. Ogle & Co ; 38 pages ; 1904 .
External links
County
Woodson County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Woodson County maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Highway maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Railroad maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
The Mary Marshall Houses is a duplex building in Savannah , Georgia , United States . It is located in the southwestern civic block of Oglethorpe Square and was built in the 1840s as rental property for Mary Marshall . It is part of the Savannah Historic District .
A structure on the same lot , but which faced onto East President Street , is visible in Historic American Buildings Survey photographs taken in the mid-20th century . This building was later demolished , after which the rears of today 's duplex were extended .
In a survey for the Historic Savannah Foundation , Mary Lane Morrison found the building to be of significant status . In 1964 , Walter C. Hartridge wrote : `` This trust lot , which is bounded by Abercorn and Drayton Streets , contains two buildings that are among the finest structures of the Greek Revival period in the United States . Hartridge also stated , incorrectly , that the property was designed by Charles B. Cluskey , although they could have been responsible for its early form that was later expanded upon .
Architectural detail
See also
Buildings in Savannah Historic District
The Marshall House
References
Houses in Savannah , Georgia
Houses completed in the 19th century
Oglethorpe Square ( Savannah ) buildings
Savannah Historic District
Detention is a 2003 American action film directed by Sidney J. Furie . It stars Dolph Lundgren as a soon-to-be retired high school teacher Sam Decker who has one last detention to proctor and Alex Karzis as Chester Lamb . However , drug runners have chosen to attack the school and Sam must band together the troublemakers and misfits in detention to defeat the criminals and stay alive .
Plot
Hamilton High School is no place for a teacher who cares . Teacher Sam Decker ( Dolph Lundgren ) , a former soldier , does n't care anymore . He 's quitting . After military service in the Gulf War and the former Yugoslavia , they returned to their inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . They wanted to make a difference—but nothing does at Hamilton High .
Frustrated and angered by a system that does n't work , Sam hands in their resignation . But the day they do , they pull one last detention duty with the toughest kids in the school . It 's a bad day for all .
But Hamilton High is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours , using the school to hide $ 300 million worth of heroin they 've hijacked . The plan is to use the school auto shop to prep two police cars , stash the drugs in secret compartments , and drive away safely .
Led by the brilliant and sadistic Chester Lamb ( Alex Karzis ) , the invaders are surprised to discover that Sam and the kids from the detention room are still inside the school .
The hunt is on as Lamb 's henchmen ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students through the school 's halls and classrooms , while Lamb tracks them on the surveillance cameras , turning the school 's security system against their prey .
Sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil Lamb 's perfectly planned crime . Along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government .
Paid-off local police and school security guards were supposed to make sure the school was empty after hours . But nobody figured Sam and their juvenile delinquents into the equation .
Lamb and their crew—who include Gloria Waylon ( Kata Dobó ) , punkers Viktor ( Joseph Scoren ) and Alek ( Anthony J. Mifsud ) -- continue to stalk the students through the school .
But Sam still has a few tricks to teach the kids , and he 's got some things to learn from them . Tonight at Hamilton High , the lesson is survival .
Cast
Dolph Lundgren as Sam Decker
Alex Karzis as Chester Lamb
Kata Dobó as Gloria Waylon
Corey Sevier as Mick Ashton
Dov Tiefenbach as Willy Lopez
K.C . Collins as `` Hogie '' Hogarth ( as Chris Collins )
Mpho Koaho as Jay Tee Barrow
Larry Day as Earl Hendorf
Shawn Roberts as Corey Washington
Jennifer Baxter as Margo Conroy
Nicole Dicker as Charlee Tuckle
Richard Yearwood as Leon
Joseph Scoren as Viktor
Anthony J. Mifsud as Alek
Roy Lewis as Lyle Nesson
Dan Willmott as Sergeant Phil Axel
Joseph Griffin as Phil Macer
References
External links
Official Website
Detention at the Russian
2003 films
2000s pregnancy films
2000s English-language films
2000s Hungarian-language films
2003 action films
Films directed by Sidney J. Furie
Teenage pregnancy in film
American high school films
2000s teen films
2000s American films
Shira Piven ( born October 8 , 1961 ) is an American director , writer and filmmaker . They directed the 2014 film Welcome to Me starring Kristen Wiig .
Early life and education
Piven was raised in Evanston , Illinois , a city just north of Chicago on Lake Michigan . I parents , Joyce Piven and Byrne Piven , founded the Piven Theater Workshop in Evanston . Piven performed with the theater company during their adolescence and started teaching and directing theater in their 20s . They studied drama and music at Bennington College , and graduated in 1983 . Piven grew up in a Jewish family
Career
Piven has directed more than 20 plays in New York , Chicago , Los Angeles , and Washington , D.C. , including Fully Loaded in 2006 , actor Patrick McCartney 's one-person show Sinister Kid in 2013 , and Victims of Duty in 2018 . In 1999 , they founded the Water Theater Company in New York , and led the improv theater group Burn Manhattan .
Piven directed their first feature film , Fully Loaded in 2011 , an adaptation of the stage play they co-wrote and directed , about two single mothers on a night out in Los Angeles .
In 2014 , their second feature , Welcome to Me , was co-produced by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay and stars Kristen Wiig as a woman with borderline personality disorder who wins the lottery and launches their own talk show .
Piven has also directed television episodes for Transparent , Claws , Divorce , Sweetbitter , and One Mississippi .
Personal life
Piven married writer and director Adam McKay in 1999 . They and McKay reside in Los Angeles with their daughters Lili Rose and Pearl . Them younger brother is actor Jeremy Piven .
Piven has taught theater to prison inmates and gang members . Piven and McKay both serve as board members of Jail Guitar Doors USA , a non-profit founded by Wayne Kramer that provides musical instruments to inmates .
Filmography
As director
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Film producers from Illinois
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
American women film directors
Jewish American actores
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Artists from Evanston , Illinois
Actresses from Evanston , Illinois
Film directors from Illinois
American women film producers
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
The is a public transportation authority of Kagoshima City , Japan . The bureau operates trams and bus lines . From April 1 , 2005 , together with Nangoku Kōtsū and JR Kyūshū Bus , the bureau introduced RapiCa , a smart card ticketing system .
The bureau was founded in 1928 , by taking over Kagoshima Electric Tramway , a private company . The tram line itself existed from 1912 .
Kagoshima City Tram
Currently . is one of the few tram lines in Japan that stably make profits . There are more than 10 million users annually .
Lines and routes
Lines : Officially , there are four lines with the total distance of 13.1 km .
Dai-Ikki-Line ( `` Phase 1 Line '' , 第一期線 ) : Takenohashi — Kagoshima-Ekimae
Dai-Niki-Line ( `` Phase 2 Line '' , 第二期線 ) : Takamibaba — Kagoshima-Chūō-Ekimae
Taniyama Line ( 谷山線 ) : Takenohashi — Taniyama
Toso Line ( 唐湊線 ) : Kagoshima-Chūō-Ekimae — Kōrimoto
Routes : There are two routes regularly in service by using one or more lines above .
■ Route 1 ( 1系統 ) : Kagoshima-Ekimae — Takamibaba — Takenohashi — Kōrimoto — Taniyama
■ Route 2 ( 2系統 ) : Kagoshima-Ekimae — Takamibaba — Kagoshima-Chūō-Ekimae — Kōrimoto
Tramcars come once per five minutes generally , once per one minute in busier sections . The fare is ¥170 for all the sections .
See also
List of light-rail transit systems
Little Dancer , one of the LRVs operated on its lines
External links
Official website
Bus companies of Japan
Tram transport in Japan
Rail transport in Kagoshima Prefecture
Intermodal transport authorities in Japan
István Gulyás ( ; 14 October 1931 – 31 July 2000 ) was the second Hungarian male tennis player to become a Grand Slam finalist . They were defeated in the 1966 French Open Men 's final by Tony Roche of Australia in three sets , after allowing the match to be delayed 24 hours to allow Roche to recover from an ankle injury . It was Gulyas ' lone Grand Slam final , though they made the semi-finals of the tournament the following year ( and the quarter-finals in 1971 ) . They were ranked inside the world 's Top 10 on more than one occasion and holds the record for most Hungarian National Championship titles having won it 15 times in their career . Lance Tingay of The Daily Telegraph ranked Gulyás as World No . 8 in 1966 .
Grand Slam finals
Singles : 1 ( 0-1 )
Grand Slam tournament performance timeline
Singles
References
External links
Hungarian male tennis players
1931 births
2000 deaths
Sportspeople from Pécs
Massimo Bonanni ( born 10 June 1982 ) is an Italian football coach and a former player who played as a midfielder .
Football career
Bonanni started their career at A.S. Roma youth system . They spent on loan to Viterbese , Panachaiki and Vicenza .
Vicenza bought half of the player registration rights for €200,000 after a season long loan .
On 27 June 2005 , they were bought back by Roma , for €500,000 , and sold to Palermo on 1 July 2005 , for €750,000 ( the fee of signing Cesare Bovo on loan ) .
They made their Serie A debut against Parma F.C . on 28 August 2005 . They played 4 games in UEFA Cup and 18 in Serie A before on loan to S.S. Lazio on 31 January 2006 . U.C . Sampdoria acquired half of the player registration rights on 14 July 2006 , for €2 million , along with Christian Terlizzi ( 50 % for €1.5 million ) , as part of the Aimo Diana 's transfer ( €5 million ) .
They played 7 games in Serie A and 4 in Coppa Italia for Sampdoria , before loaned to Ascoli on 12 January 2007 .
On 17 August 2007 , Bonanni is on a one-year loan to Bari of Serie B . They returned to Genoa , but after played once in 2008–09 season , they left for Grosseto of Serie B . In June 2009 Palermo gave up to remain 50 % registration rights to Sampdoria
On 31 July 2009 , they signed a three-year contract with Pescara of Prima Divisione for free .
On 12 July 2011 , they signed a two-year contract with Swiss Challenge League side FC Lugano on free transfer .
On 6 April 2012 , they returned to Italy for Lugano 's sister club Genoa ( effective on 1 July 2012 ) , however the sole purpose was transferred €1.45 million `` transfer fee '' to Lugano . They left for Serie B club U.S. Grosseto F.C . on 31 August 2012 but returned to Switzerland on 9 January 2013 , in temporary deal from Genoa .
References
External links
http : //www.tuttocalciatori.net/Bonanni_Massimo
Italian footballers
Italy youth international footballers
A.S. Roma players
U.S. Viterbese 1908 players
Panachaiki F.C . players
L.R . Vicenza players
Palermo F.C . players
S.S. Lazio players
U.C . Sampdoria players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C . players
S.S.C . Bari players
F.C . Grosseto S.S.D . players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
FC Lugano players
Genoa C.F.C . players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Football League ( Greece ) players
Swiss Challenge League players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Rome
People from Ostia ( Rome )
Italian expatriate footballers
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
1982 births
Living people
Italian football managers
The Fantasie in C major , Op . 15 ( D. 760 ) , popularly known as the Wanderer Fantasy , is a four-movement fantasy for solo piano composed by Franz Schubert in 1822 . It is widely considered Schubert 's most technically demanding composition for the piano . Schubert themselves said `` the devil may play it , '' in reference to their own inability to do so properly .
Historical background
Schubert composed this work in late 1822 , just after breaking off work on the Unfinished Symphony while sketching its incomplete scherzo . It was written for and dedicated to Carl Emanuel Liebenberg von Zsittin , who had studied piano with Johann Nepomuk Hummel , in the hope of some remuneration from the dedication . It is not only a technically formidable challenge for the performer , but also a structurally formidable four-movement work combining theme-and-variations with sonata form . Each movement transitions into the next instead of ending with a final definitive cadence , and each starts with a variation of the opening phrase of their lied `` Der Wanderer '' , D. 489 . The second movement , marked `` adagio , '' states the theme in virtually the same way it is presented in the song , whereas the three fast movements begin with variants in diminution ( that is , shortened note values ) : the first movement , `` allegro con fuoco ma non troppo , '' a monothematic sonata form in which the second theme is another variant , the third , `` presto , '' a scherzo in triple meter , and the finale , marked simply `` allegro , '' starting as a quasi-fugue and making increasing demands on the player 's technical and interpretive powers as it storms on to its conclusion .
Structure
The whole work is based on one single basic motif from which all themes are developed . This motif is distilled from the theme of the C-sharp minor second movement , which is a sequence of variations on a melody taken from the lied `` Der Wanderer '' , which Schubert wrote in 1816 . It is this set of variations from which the work 's popular name is derived .
The four movements are played without a break . After the first movement Allegro con fuoco ma non troppo in C major and the second movement Adagio ( which begins in C-sharp minor and ends in E major ) , follow a scherzo presto in A-flat major and the technically transcendental finale , which starts in fugato returning to the key of C major and becomes more and more virtuosic as it moves toward its thunderous nonfugal conclusion .
Liszt 's transcriptions
The Hungarian composer Franz Liszt , who was fascinated by the Wanderer Fantasy , transcribed it for piano and orchestra ( S.366 ) and two pianos ( S.653 ) . They additionally edited the original score and added some various interpretations in ossia , and made a complete rearrangement of the final movement ( S.565a ) .
References
External links
Piano music by Franz Schubert
Compositions for solo piano
1822 compositions
Schubert
Compositions in C major
Music with dedications
Testosterone undecanoate , sold under the brand names Andriol and Aveed among others , is an androgen and anabolic steroid ( AAS ) medication that is used mainly in the treatment of low testosterone levels in men , including hormone therapy for transgender men . It is taken by mouth or given by injection into muscle .
Side effects of testosterone undecanoate include symptoms of masculinization like acne , increased hair growth , voice changes , hypertension , elevated liver enzymes , hypertriglyceridemia , and increased sexual desire . The drug is a prodrug of testosterone , the biological ligand of the androgen receptor ( AR ) and hence is an androgen and anabolic steroid . It has strong androgenic effects and moderate anabolic effects , which make it useful for producing masculinization and suitable for androgen replacement therapy . Testosterone undecanoate is a testosterone ester and a prodrug of testosterone in the body . Because of this , it is considered to be a natural and bioidentical form of testosterone .
Testosterone undecanoate was introduced in China for use by injection and in the European Union for use by mouth in the 1970s . It became available for use by injection in the European Union in the early to mid 2000s and in the United States in 2014 . Formulations for use by mouth are approved in the United States . Along with testosterone enanthate , testosterone cypionate , and testosterone propionate , testosterone undecanoate is one of the most widely used testosterone esters . However , it has advantages over other testosterone esters in that it can be taken by mouth and in that it has a far longer duration when given by injection . In addition to its medical use , testosterone undecanoate is used to improve physique and performance . The drug is a controlled substance in many countries and so non-medical use is generally illicit .
Medical dosage
Testosterone undecanoate is used in androgen replacement therapy . It is specifically approved only for the treatment of hypogonadism . As an intramuscular injection , it is administered at a dosage of 1,000 mg once every 12 weeks . Conversely , oral testosterone undecanoate must be taken two or three times a day with food .
Side effects
Side effects of testosterone undecanoate include virilization among others .
Anaphylaxis
The Reandron 1000 formulation ( Nebido in the United States ) contains 1,000 mg of testosterone undecanoate suspended in castor oil with benzyl benzoate for solubilization and as a preservative , and is administered by intramuscular injection . As an excipient in Reandron 1000 , benzyl benzoate has been reported as a cause of anaphylaxis ( a serious life-threatening allergic reaction ) in a case in Australia . Bayer includes this report in information for health professionals and recommends that physicians `` should be aware of the potential for serious allergic reactions '' to preparations of this type . In Australia , reports to the Adverse Drug Reactions Advisory Committee ( ADRAC ) , which evaluates reports of adverse drug reactions for the Therapeutic Goods Administration ( TGA ) , show several reports of allergic reactions since the anaphylaxis case from 2011 .
Pharmacology
Pharmacodynamics
Testosterone undecanoate is a prodrug of testosterone and is an androgen and anabolic–androgenic steroid ( AAS ) . That is , it is an agonist of the androgen receptor ( AR ) .
Pharmacokinetics
Testosterone undecanoate has a very long elimination half-life and mean residence time when given as a depot intramuscular injection . Its elimination half-life is 20.9 days and its mean residence time is 34.9 days in tea seed oil , while its elimination half-life is 33.9 days and its mean residence time is 36.0 days in castor oil . These values are substantially longer than those of testosterone enanthate ( which , in castor oil , has values of 4.5 days and 8.5 days , respectively ) . Testosterone undecanoate is administered via intramuscular injection once every three months or so .
Chemistry
Testosterone undecanoate , or testosterone 17β-undecanoate , is a synthetic androstane steroid and a derivative of testosterone . It is an androgen ester ; specifically , it is the C17β undecylate ( undecanoate ) ester of testosterone . A related testosterone ester with a similarly very long duration is testosterone buciclate .
History
In the late 1970s , testosterone undecanoate was introduced for oral use in Europe , although intramuscular testosterone undecanoate had already been in use in China for several years . Intramuscular testosterone undecanoate was not introduced in Europe and the United States until much later , in the early to mid 2000s and 2014 , respectively . Testosterone undecanoate was approved in the United States after three previous rejections due to safety concerns .
Society and culture
Generic names
Testosterone undecanoate is the generic name of the drug and It 's and . It is also referred to as testosterone undecylate .
Brand names
Testosterone undecanoate is or has been marketed under a variety of brand names , including Andriol , Androxon , Aveed , Cernos Depot , Jatenzo , Nebido , Nebido-R , Panteston , Reandron 1000 , Restandol , Undecanoate 250 , and Undestor .
Availability
Intramuscular testosterone undecanoate is available in the United States , Canada , Europe , and elsewhere in the world . It is approved in over 100 countries worldwide . Oral testosterone undecanoate is available in Canada , Europe , Mexico , Asia , and in the United States . Intramuscular testosterone undecanoate is marketed most commonly as Nebido in Canada and Europe and as Aveed in the United States while oral testosterone undecanoate is marketed most commonly as Andriol .
Legal status
Testosterone undecanoate , along with other AAS , is a schedule III controlled substance in the United States under the Controlled Substances Act and a schedule IV controlled substance in Canada under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act .
In March 2019 , the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approved testosterone undecanoate ( Jatenzo ) , an oral testosterone capsule to treat men with certain forms of hypogonadism . These men have low testosterone levels due to specific medical conditions , such as genetic disorders like Klinefelter syndrome or tumors that have damaged the pituitary gland . The FDA granted the approval of Jatenzo to Clarus Therapeutics .
In March 2022 , testosterone undecanoate ( Tlando ) was approved for medical use in the United States .
Research
Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis
In 2013 , a phase II clinical trial testing intramuscular testosterone undecanoate for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis ( NASH ) was initiated in the United Kingdom . In the United States in 2018 , Lipocine Inc. began investigating the potential of using an oral testosterone undecanoate formulation , known as LPCN-1144 , in patients with NASH .
References
External links
Androgens and anabolic steroids
Androstanes
Bayer brands
Contraception for males
Ketones
Testosterone esters
Undecanoate esters
Pavlomatveyevskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 12 as of 2002 .
Geography
Pavlomatveyevskaya is located 30 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Alexandrovskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Antonio Coleman ( born September 1 , 1986 ) is a former American football Defensive end . They used to be with the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League . They used to be a member of the Optimist branch of the Boys and Girls Clubs of South Alabama . They attended Auburn University . Coleman was named to the Associated Press All-Southeastern Conference football first-team in 2008 and was considered one of the top outside linebacker prospects for the 2010 NFL Draft . They have been a member of the New York Giants .
College career
Coleman led Auburn with six sacks and 10.5 tackles for loss in 2008 . They finished the season with 46 tackles ( 29 solo , 17 assists ) and had a team-high 13 quarterback hurries , as well as a forced fumble and a pass break-up . They were named the SEC 's Defensive Lineman of the Week following Auburn 's 14-12 victory over Tennessee September 27 after completing four tackles including a sack and 1.6 tackles for loss .
Coleman was named to the ESPN.com 2009 preseason All-SEC first-team . Despite having a cast on their right hand the first 7 weeks of the season , Coleman still finished as the best pass rusher in the SEC , finishing the 2009 season ranked 1st in sacks and 2nd in tackles for loss .
Professional career
Buffalo Bills
Coleman was signed as an undrafted rookie free agent by the Buffalo Bills on April 25 , 2010 . They were waived by the team on September 3 , 2011 .
New York Giants
On September 28 , Coleman was signed to the New York Giants ' practice squad .
Return to Buffalo
The Buffalo Bills signed Coleman off of the Giants ' practice squad on October 25 after a season-ending injury to Shawne Merriman . They were released on December 17 , 2011 .
Saskatchewan Roughriders
On April 29 , 2013 , they signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
Hamilton Tiger-Cats
They signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the CFL on May 31 , 2014 .
References
External links
Hamilton Tiger-Cats bio
Auburn Tigers bio
Sacramento Mountain Lions bio
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mobile , Alabama
Players of American football from Alabama
American football linebackers
American football defensive ends
Auburn Tigers football players
Buffalo Bills players
New York Giants players
Sacramento Mountain Lions players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Auahitūroa is a male Māori deity , personification of comets , and the origin of fire .
Their consort is Mahuika , the goddess of fire .
See also
Māori mythology
References
E. Best , Māori Religion and Mythology , Part 2 . Dominion Museum Bulletin No.11 . ( Museum of New Zealand : Wellington ) , 1982 .
Fire gods
Māori gods
John Coda is an American composer with a focus on film music and television scoring .
Life
Coda was born in Los Angeles and began composing music when they were still in their teens . They learned to play the drums , piano and flute . After earning their Bachelor of Music degree in composition at California State University , Northridge , they worked for various recording studios in Hollywood , dedicating themselves to film and television scoring .
Today , Coda lives in Santa Monica , Southern California .
Film selections
1994 : Red Sun Rising
1994–1995 : The Secret World of Alex Mack ( TV series )
1995 : The Disappearance of Kevin Johnson
1996 : Sworn to Justice
1998 : By Default ( short )
1998 : 3 Ninjas : High Noon at Mega Mountain
1999 : Wild Grizzly ( TV film )
1999 : P.U.N.K.S .
1999 : Treehouse Hostage
2000 : Mom & Me ( short )
2000 : Primary Suspect
2000 : The Trial of Old Drum ( TV film )
2000 : Just Sue Me
2001 : Race to Space
2002 : Girl Fever
2000–2003 : Even Stevens ( TV series )
2003 : Monster Man
2004 : Let 's Love Hate ( short )
2003–2007 : That 's So Raven ( TV series )
2006 : The Cutting Edge : Going for the Gold
2006 : Beyond the Break ( TV series )
2006 : Just for Kicks ( TV series )
2007 : If I Had Known I Was a Genius
2007 : Bratz
2009 : Legally Blondes
2012 : Chilly Christmas
2013 : Baby Geniuses and the Mystery of the Crown Jewels
2013 : A Sierra Nevada Gunfight
2013 : Robosapien : Rebooted
2014 : Baby Geniuses and the Treasures of Egypt
2015 : Hoovey
2015 : Baby Geniuses and the Space Baby
2015 : Just in Time for Christmas
2022 : The King 's Daughter
References
External links
American film score composers
American male film score composers
American music arrangers
American television composers
Living people
Male television composers
Musicians from Los Angeles
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Firuzi ( , also Romanized as Fīrūzī ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 31 , in 10 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Kintu is a Bugandan mythological figure . It may also refer to :
Michael Kintu , former chief minister of Buganda
Kato Kintu , the first kabaka ( king ) of the Buganda kingdom
Kintu Musoke , former Prime Minister of Uganda
Kintu ( novel ) , a novel by Ugandan author Jennifer Nansubuga Makumbi
The Cyprus military ranks are the military insignia used by the Cypriot National Guard . Due to its close ties to Greece , Cyprus shares a rank structure similar to that of Greece .
Commissioned officer ranks
The rank insignia of commissioned officers .
Other ranks
The rank insignia of non-commissioned officers and enlisted personnel .
References
External links
Cyprus
Military of Cyprus
A raft guide is a trained professional capable of leading commercial while water rafting trips . Most raft guides are employed by commercial outfitters who run either multi or single day trips .
Training
Typically first year raft guides are required to undergo a training program often run by the company or a professional guide training school before beginning to guide commercial trips . This training utilizes classroom and on-river experience to train students in rigging and maneuvering vessels ; river flow and hazards ; scouting and running rapids ; and river rescue and emergency procedures . Trainees are generally required to have a minimum of Basic First Aid and CPR certifications . Professional river guides often have additional advanced certifications such as International Rafting Federation-GTE , Wilderness First Aid , Wilderness First Responder , Swift Water Rescue , White Water Rescue or Emergency Medical Technician . River rafting is an adventure sport in which expeditions are taken down rivers . Raft guides are also usually required to obtain a food handlers license , as preparing food is a large component of being a guide .
Training may include such skills as :
Teamwork and leadership skills
Safety on the river - hand signals
Boating gear and equipment
Commercial river operations
Customer service - safety talks and guide `` chatter ''
Whitewater paddling techniques
River etiquette guidelines
Problems , emergencies , advanced river rescues
Knots and riggings
Natural and the local history of the river
Meal Preparation
Description
A typical raft guide is usually in their or their twenties , but can range in age from late teens to late sixties . The majority of raft guides are seasonal employees and work during the spring and summer months when rivers are flowing at their best levels . However during the seasonal winter months , some raft guides will continue to work by traveling to countries with warmer climates where commercial rafting exists .
A raft guide 's primary job is to navigate an inflatable raft with passengers ( crew ) down a river in a safe and enjoyable manner . This requires that they continually assess and manage risks during the trip . A skilled raft guide is able to recognize river features and understand their effects on a raft , and what is required to navigate among or around these features with passengers . On rapids where the potential risk of injury is high , it is the guides responsibility to keep the raft from overturning ( flipping ) or passengers from falling overboard .
An important part of the job is delivering the `` Safety Talk '' . Before a trip , raft guides brief customers on potential hazards they may face on the water . Every raft guide has their own delivery style . Some safety talks include a lot of corny jokes ( summer teeth ) and others explain the dangers of the river in detail ( foot entrapment ) . Most rookie guides will listen to veteran guides ' talks and take bits and pieces of each to create their own . A good safety talk should cover equipment ( PFD , paddle , helmet ) , how to self-rescue in event of a swim , how to pull people back into the boat , and learning hand signals . Guides will also go over what to do in the event of a flip , wrap , or strainer . These three main hazards are very important to know in order to stay safe . Safety talks can also include discussions such as `` Leave No Trace '' , and plants and animals to watch out for .
Types of guiding
Oar Guiding is where the guide maneuvers the raft with oars from either the stern or middle of the raft . On multi-day trips it is common to have a center oar rig where clients do not paddle , and where gear is stored . Guides oar guiding will use techniques such as 'walking the oars ' through flat sections or 'holding a star ' when stern rigged through large waves . Oar Guides generally have more control over their raft than paddle guides , but oar rigged rafts are dangerous when flipping and hard to re-right making them less versatile in big water rafting . Oar boats are often rigged to carry all of the gear for a trip . Oars are typically made of wood , but sometimes plastic .
Paddle Guiding is the most common type of high adventure guiding where the guide sits in the stern of the boat with a one bladed guide stick ( paddle ) . Using draws , prys , the guide can influence the direction of the boat , along with using different paddling commands for their crew . Paddle guiding is the most fun form of rafting . Guests usually enjoy paddle guiding the most as they feel like they really have control over what is going on in the boat .
Bow Guiding is where two guides are in the boat , one in the stern and one in the bow . This can be done in a stern rigged boat , or a raft where both guides are paddle guiding . It is usually only done over short stretches of whitewater that require a lot of maneuvering for safe passage . Bow guides use techniques such as 'spearing ' through large waves , and bow draws to quickly change the direction of the boat . Unlike stern guides the bow guide will never pry with their paddle , instead they will change the orientation of their hands to maintain a power grip in both directions .
Compensation
Guide compensation can vary a great deal by type and length of the trip . In North America guides are typically paid by the day . They are also known to receive gratuities from their clients and the summation of a trip .
References
External links
Salary.Com Dream Job : White Water Raft Guide
Information and Resources for Raft Guides
New York Times article on Whitewater School
Jobs
Rafting
Guides
Geoffrey Edwin Kondogbia ( born 15 February 1993 ) is a professional footballer who plays for La Liga club Atlético Madrid and the Central African Republic national team as a defensive midfielder . They can also play as a central defender or left back .
Kondogbia started their career at Lens , then signed with Sevilla at the age of 19 . In 2013 they were bought by Monaco for €20 million , and then by Inter Milan for €31 million two years later . They returned to Spain in 2017 to play for Valencia , and in 2020 moved to Atlético Madrid .
Kondogbia earned 57 caps for France across its youth levels , before making their debut for the senior team in 2013 . In August 2018 , they were cap-tied to the Central African Republic by switching their allegiance , and made their debut for its national team in an official match shortly after .
Club career
Lens
Kondogbia was born in Nemours , Seine-et-Marne of Central African descent , joining Lens ' youth system at the age of 11 . On 11 April 2010 they signed their first professional contract , agreeing to a four-year deal . They made their debut in Ligue 1 on 21 November , appearing as a late substitute against Olympique Lyonnais .
Kondogbia spent the 2011–12 season in Ligue 2 after the Sang et Ors relegation . They scored their only official goal for the team on 13 April 2012 , netting the opener in a 3–0 success at Tours FC .
Sevilla
On 24 July 2012 , Kondogbia signed with Spanish club Sevilla FC for an undisclosed fee , believed to be in the region of €3 million . They first appeared in La Liga on 15 September , replacing goalscorer Piotr Trochowski in the 82nd minute of the 1–0 defeat of reigning champions Real Madrid , at the Ramón Sánchez Pizjuán Stadium . They scored their first goal for the Andalusians on 28 January 2013 , heading home the first for their team in an eventual 3–0 home derby win against Granada CF .
In Sevilla 's semi-final second leg tie of the Copa del Rey against eventual winners Atlético Madrid , on 27 February 2013 , Kondogbia picked up a red card as their team ended the match with nine men in the 2–2 home draw , and fell to a 3–4 aggregate loss .
Monaco
Kondogbia returned to the French top division on 31 August 2013 , signing a five-year contract with newly promoted AS Monaco FC worth a reported €20 million . They contributed with 26 games and one goal in their first season , helping the club finish second and return to the UEFA Champions League after one decade .
In the Champions League round-of-16 's first leg , on 25 February 2015 , Kondogbia put their team ahead at Arsenal in an eventual 3–1 win .
Inter Milan
On 22 June 2015 , Inter Milan announced that they had signed Kondogbia on a five-year deal for an initial fee of €31 million , subject to a medical , beating a reported €40m bid from city rival A.C. Milan . They scored their first goal for their new team on 8 November , the only away against Torino FC . On 14 February of the following year , they were sent off at the conclusion of a bad-tempered 1–2 loss at ACF Fiorentina for sarcastically applauding the referee ; they received a two-match ban .
In June 2016 , the Serie A club announced the total cost of Kondogbia was €40.501 million .
Valencia
On 21 August 2017 , Valencia CF announced that they reached an agreement with Internazionale for the loan of Kondogbia until 30 June 2018 , with an option to make the deal permanent . The deal was part of a loan exchange , with João Cancelo moving in the other direction . They scored on their debut six days later , playing the full 90 minutes and helping to a 2–2 away draw against Real Madrid .
On 24 May 2018 , Valencia redeemed the buyout clause of Kondogbia and the player signed a four-year contract .
Atlético Madrid
On 3 November 2020 , Kondogbia joined Atlético Madrid on a four-year contract . The club was granted an exception to sign them outside of the transfer window after Arsenal had met the release clause of Thomas Partey on deadline day .
International career
France
Kondogbia was selected to the French squad for the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup . In the nation 's first group match against Ghana , on 21 June , they scored the opening goal in an eventual 3–1 victory , being chosen by some publications as man of the match for their all-around performance . They netted for the second time in the tournament against hosts Turkey in the round-of-16 , leading to a 4–1 victory .
Kondogbia made their debut for the senior team on 14 August 2013 at the age of 20 , playing 63 minutes in a 0–0 friendly draw away to Belgium .
Central African Republic
As all five matches they played for France at senior level were not in competitive matches , Kondogbia was never cap-tied and was thus still eligible to represent the Central African Republic , for which they qualified through their parents . They received an official call on 31 August 2018 and made their debut on 12 October , starting and acting as captain in a 4–0 away loss to the Ivory Coast in a 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier . On 18 November in the same competition , they scored an added-time equaliser in a 2–2 draw away to Rwanda .
Personal life
Kondogbia 's older brother , Evans , was also a footballer . They spent most of their career in Belgium , and represented the Central African Republic internationally .
Kondogbia is a Muslim .
Career statistics
Club
International
Central African Republic score listed first , score column indicates score after each Kondogbia goal .
HonoursValenciaCopa del Rey : 2018–19Atletico MadridLa Liga : 2020–21France U20 '
FIFA U-20 World Cup : 2013
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Nemours
French sportspeople of Central African Republic descent
Citizens of the Central African Republic through descent
Footballers from Seine-et-Marne
Black French sportspeople
French footballers
Central African Republic footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football utility players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
RC Lens players
AS Monaco FC players
La Liga players
Sevilla FC players
Valencia CF players
Atlético Madrid footballers
Serie A players
Inter Milan players
France youth international footballers
France under-21 international footballers
France international footballers
Central African Republic international footballers
Dual internationalists ( football )
French expatriate footballers
Central African Republic expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Italy
French expatriate sportspeople in Spain
French expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Central African Republic expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Central African Republic expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Nabil Nahas ( born 18 September 1949 in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a Lebanese artist and painter living in New York .
Biography
Nabil grew up in Cairo and Beirut , before moving to the United States for college to study at Louisiana State University . They are the younger brother of the Lebanese/Brazilian business person Naji Nahas . They earned a BFA in 1971 and an MFA from Yale University in 1973 . Encounters with contemporary painters at Yale influenced Nahas to move to New York after graduation .
Painting career
They exhibited regularly at important New York galleries and received critical acclaim for their work . Usually working `` in '' an abstract idiom , Nahas repeatedly reinvented himself .
Nahas ' paintings have made use of geometric motifs and decorative patterns inspired Levantine art architecture . Nahas also employs traditional Western abstract painting , pointillistic and impressionistic techniques . Sometimes they combine these traditions in brightly colored paintings , suggestive of the richness of nature and of the imagination . One of Nahas ' motifs is starfish , sometimes cast in acrylic paint , on top of which they layered high-chroma acrylic paint .
In their most recent work , Nahas introduced recognizable Lebanese cedar , pine and olive trees in their most direct references yet to their native land . In 2018 , Nahas was commissioned to produce a cedar painting to be featured on a new stamp in Lebanon .
Exhibition history
Solo exhibitions
1973 Yale University , Connecticut
1977 Ohio State University , Ohio
1978 Robert Miller Gallery , New York
1979 Robert Miller Gallery , New York
1980 Robert Miller Gallery , New York
1987 Holly Solomon Gallery , New York
1988 Galerie Montenay , Paris
1988 Holly Solomon Gallery , New York
1994 Baldwin Gallery , Aspen , Colorado
1997 Sperone Westwater , New York
1998 Baumgartner Galleries , Washington , DC
1998 Milleventi , Milan
1999 Sperone Westwater , New York
2002 25th Bienal De São Paulo
2002 J. Johnson Gallery , Jacksonville Beach , Florida
2005 Galerie Xippas , Paris
2005 Sperone Westwater , New York
2009 Galerie Tanit , Munich , Germany
2010 FIAF Gallery , New York
2010 Beirut Exhibition Center ( BEC ) , Beirut , Lebanon
2011 Lawrie Shabibi Gallery , Dubai , United Arab Emirates
2011 Ben Brown Fine Arts , London , England
2013 Sperone Westwater
2013 Lawrie Shabibi , Dubai , UAE
2014 Ben Brown Fine Arts , London
2016 Saleh Barakat Gallery , Beirut , Lebanon
2019 Saleh Barakat Gallery , Beirut , Lebanon
References
1949 births
Lebanese painters
Living people
Artists from Beirut
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1648 .
Events
February
Ordinances are passed in England against plays ; actors are to be fined and theatres pulled down .
Richard Flecknoe sails from Lisbon to Brazil .
April 7 – Edward Pococke becomes Professor of Hebrew at the University of Oxford , in succession to Dr Morris .
April 16 – René Descartes meets Frans Burman , resulting in the Conversation with Burman .
June – Pierre Gassendi , having given up lecturing at the Collège Royal because of ill-health , returns to their home area of Digne .
July 14 – During the siege of Colchester , a cannon nicknamed Humpty Dumpty , is blown off the walls , possibly inspiring the nursery rhyme .
October – Richard Lovelace , a Royalist poet , is imprisoned for opposition to Parliament .
December – King Charles I IS imprisoned in Windsor Castle , where they reportedly spend much of their time reading the plays of Shakespeare and Ben Jonson .
unknown dates
Robert Boyle writes Seraphic Love , their first important work . Although it will not be published until 1660 , they produce presentation copies for friends .
Richard Crashaw , exiled in Paris , publishes two hymns in Latin .
King Frederick III of Denmark establishes the Royal Library , Denmark .
New books
Prose
Gauthier de Costes , seigneur de la Calprenède – Cléopâtre
Robert Filmer – Freeholders Grand Inquest touching our Sovereign Lord the King and their Parliament
Thomas Gage – The English-American , or a New Survey of the West Indies
Baltasar Gracián – Agudeza y arte de ingenio
Francisco Martínez de Mata – Memorial a razón de la despoblación y pobreza de España y su remedio
José García de Salcedo Coronel – Comentarios al Panegírico del Duque de Lerma de Luis de Góngora
Fray Marcos de Salmerón – El príncipe escondido
Madeleine de Scudéry – Artamène , ou le Grand Cyrus , volume 1
John Wilkins – Mathematical Magick
Gerrard Winstanley – The Mystery of God
Drama
Anonymous – Crafty Cromwell
Anonymous – Kentish Fair , or the Parliament Sold to Their Best Worth
Anonymous ( `` Mercurius Melancholicus '' ) – Mistress Parliament Them Gossiping
Jasper Mayne – The Amorous War
Poetry
Christen Aagaard – Threni Hyperborci
Richard Corbet – Poetica Stromata
Mildmay Fane , 2nd Earl of Westmorland – Otia Sacra
Robert Herrick
Hesperides
Noble Numbers
Francisco de Borja y Aragón – Obras en verso
Francisco López de Zárate – La invención de la Cruz
Francisco de Quevedo ( ed . Jusepe Antonio González de Salas ) – El Parnaso español , en dos cumbre dividido , con las nueve musas
Births
February 1 – Elkanah Settle , English poet and dramatist ( died 1724 )
November 12 – Juana Inés de la Cruz , Mexican Hieronymite nun , polymath , poet and playwright ( died 1695 )
Unknown date – Gaspard Abeille , French poet ( died 1718 )
Deaths
February 2 – George Abbot , English writer ( born c. 1603 )
February 22 – Wilhelm Lamormaini , Luxembourgish Jesuit theologian ( born 1570 )
March 12 – Tirso de Molina , Spanish dramatist ( born 1571 )
May 26 – Vincent Voiture , French writer and poet ( born 1597 )
May – William Percy , English poet and playwright ( born 1583 )
July 31 – Benedictus van Haeften , Dutch theologian ( born 1588 )
August 20 – Edward Herbert , 1st Baron Herbert of Cherbury Anglo-Welsh writer and soldier ( born 1574 )
September 1 – Marin Mersenne , French theologian and philosopher ( born 1588 )
December 16 – Arthur Duck , English lawyer and author ( born 1580 )
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Page One ( ) is a bookstore chain and publisher founded in Singapore by Mark Tan ( 陈家强 ) , with three branches in mainland China . Traditionally focused on English language books , it has recently expanded into the Chinese language market . There were branches which have closed in Singapore ( 2011 ) , Taiwan ( 2015 ) and Hong Kong ( November 2016 ) .
History
Page One began in 1983 , when a small shop stocking handpicked art and design books opened in a shopping mall in Singapore . The small shop accumulated a loyal following over the years and evolved into a brand .
Since then , Page One has marked its presence with bookstores in China , Hong Kong , Singapore , Thailand and Taiwan . In Singapore , the Page One bookstore was established at VivoCity , the shopping mall touted to be the largest of its kind on the island .
While it began as a retail outfit , Page One has also expanded in the areas of book publishing and distribution over the years . In publishing , Page One builds its strength from the acquisition of rights and creation of original in-house titles , with a focus on art and design content . Page One Publishing also brought its created titles to the West by selling territorial rights . These titles have been translated into eleven different languages . As a distributor , Page One has established a strong network in Asia and the rest of the world .
The chain managed to obtain approval for opening outlets in mainland China in early 2010s , and started reducing the number of political books stocked . No books deemed to be on sensitive topics are sold inside the country , except Hong Kong .
In 2012 , it closed its Singapore store located at VivoCity .
In 2016 , shortly after the disappearance of five people linked to an independent Hong Kong book publishing house , the chain removed political books and books on sensitive topics from their store at Hong Kong airport . The company will stop selling these titles in Hong Kong once existing stocks have been exhausted , leading to criticisms from academics that this forced disappearance from bookshop shelves as a result of the case was blatant self-censorship .
In 2017 , Page One restarted operations in Singapore with a bargain bookstore at The Cathay .
Design
Mark Tan and their brother , architect Kay Ngee Tan ( ) , uniquely incorporated Southeast Asian art into their stores . For instance in Taipei , Vietnamese , Burmese and Thai etc. , artworks were specially designed for the store , which customers could also purchase .
Southeast Asian clothworks decorate Page One stores and the decor is changed every season . This design initiative brought about the rise of `` giant '' -sized bookstores in Asia .
Store locations
China
Beijing Fun
Indigo , Beijing
The Square , Beijing
Singapore
Hong Kong ( closed )
Taipei ( closed )
References
External links
Page One Group Official site
Bookstores of Singapore
Book publishing companies of Singapore
Bookstores of Taiwan
Bookshops of Hong Kong
Singaporean brands
Bannerman 's weaver ( Ploceus bannermani ) is a species of bird in the weaver family , Ploceidae . It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests . It is threatened by habitat loss .
Its scientific and common names honor the ornithologist David Armitage Bannerman .
References
External links
Bannerman 's weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch .
Bannerman 's weaver
Birds of Central Africa
Bannerman 's weaver
Bannerman 's weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cameroonian Highlands forests
Kelvin John Morgan ( born 14 November 1997 ) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays as a forward for Gibraltarian club Bruno 's Magpies and the Gibraltar national team .
International career
Morgan made their international debut for Gibraltar on 4 June 2021 against Slovenia .
References
1997 births
Living people
Gibraltarian footballers
Association football forwards
Europa F.C . players
F.C . Bruno 's Magpies players
Manchester 62 F.C . players
Mons Calpe S.C. players
Gibraltar Premier Division players
Gibraltar international footballers
Gibraltar National League players
St Joseph 's F.C . players
Kotelniki ( ) is a town of Moscow Oblast , Russia , located southeast of the center of Moscow . Population :
History
The village of Kotelniki was first mentioned in the 17th century and belonged to Golitsyns in the 19th century . It was granted town status in 2004 .
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions , it is incorporated as Kotelniki Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts . As a municipal division , Kotelniki Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction is incorporated as Kotelniki Urban Okrug .
Economy
Transportation
Kotelniki metro station , the terminus of the Moscow Metro 's Tagansko-Krasnopresnenskaya Line , is located in the city . It was opened on 21 September 2015 and became the second station of the Moscow Metro in Moscow Oblast after Myakinino .
Gallery
References
Notes
Sources
Cities and towns in Moscow Oblast
Class 345 may refer to :
British Rail Class 345
FS Class D.345
The NHS Nightingale Hospital London was the first of the NHS Nightingale Hospitals , temporary hospitals set up by NHS England for the COVID-19 pandemic . It was housed in the ExCeL London convention centre in East London . The hospital was rapidly planned and constructed , being formally opened on 3 April and receiving its first patients on 7 April 2020 . It served 54 patients during the first wave of the pandemic , and was used to serve non-COVID patients and provide vaccinations during the second wave . It was closed in April 2021 .
Background
To add extra critical care capacity during the COVID-19 pandemic in the UK , and to treat those with COVID-19 , plans were made to create further temporary hospital spaces for those in need of treatment and care . They were named `` Nightingale Hospitals '' , after Florence Nightingale , a nurse who came to prominence during the Crimean War and is regarded as the founder of modern nursing .
History
Planning and construction
On 21 and 22 March 2020 , military planners and NHS England staff visited ExCeL London – an exhibition and convention centre in the Custom House area of Newham , East London – to `` determine if the armed forces could support the NHS response to the outbreak '' . Plans to create the hospital were announced in a press briefing by Health Secretary Matt Hancock on 24 March . The hospital would be run by NHS staff and volunteers , with 700 military personnel providing logistic assistance .
The facility was planned and constructed in conjunction with the British Armed Forces and British architects BDP , with the mission being run from the Headquarters Standing Joint Command in Aldershot , which coordinates resilience missions for the UK . The main contractor was CFES .
The facility was formally opened on 3 April 2020 by the Prince of Wales ( via video link ) in a ceremony during which the hospital 's Head of Nursing unveiled a plaque . The first patients were admitted on 7 April .
The television medical drama Holby City uses operational ventilators on set , and these were donated to the hospital .
First wave ( March - May 2020 )
Over the course of the first wave of the COVID pandemic in the United Kingdom , the hospital treated only 54 patients . Preexisting permanent hospitals had successfully managed to increase their intensive care capacity to respond to the growing demands of the pandemic , and as a result the Nightingale Hospital was surplus to requirements .
On 21 April 2020 , The Guardian reported that staff at the hospital had claimed that the hospital had been `` obliged to reject people needing care because it can not get enough of the nurses usually based in other hospitals to work there '' . This allegation was rebutted by a Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson , who stated that no coronavirus patients were being refused treatment due to a shortage of staff as the new hospital was to provide overflow capacity if required .
Second wave and vaccinations ( January 2021 )
During the second wave of COVID-19 , the hospital reopened for patients recovering from COVID , and patients being treated for non-COVID ailments .
Following the development of the first COVID-19 vaccines , in January 2021 another part of the ExCeL centre was reconfigured to provide COVID vaccinations .
Permanent closure
In March 2021 , it was announced the hospital would permanently close the following month , along with the other Nightingale Hospitals constructed at the beginning of the pandemic .
Operational details
The hospital 's role was to treat patients already intubated and ventilated at other London hospitals .
On 30 March 2020 it was announced that legal responsibility for the hospital would be passed to Barts Health NHS Trust , an existing NHS trust , as NHS England does not have legal powers to manage a hospital directly . The hospital 's CEO was Charles Knight , seconded from within the Barts trust .
The hospital was designed with capacity to receive and discharge up to 150 patients per day , with the number of staff required at full capacity being reported as 16,000 and later than 25,000 .
Criticism
Partially due to its low occupancy and large cost to the taxpayer , the London Nightingale Hospital , along with its counterparts across the country , saw some criticism . Critics argued that the hospitals had been poorly planned , and were little more than a PR stunt . Supporters argued that the hospitals were `` insurance '' against the possibility of the pandemic completely overwhelming existing hospitals . It has been claimed that one reason that the hospitals saw little use was that existing healthcare centres were reluctant to release staff to work in them , a reflection of a lack of understanding of the structure of the workforce in the healthcare sector .
See also
NHS Nightingale Hospital Birmingham
NHS Nightingale Hospital North West
NHS Nightingale Hospital Yorkshire and the Humber
NHS Louisa Jordan Hospital – a similar temporary hospital in Glasgow
Dragon 's Heart Hospital – a similar temporary hospital in Cardiff
References
External links
Buildings and structures in the London Borough of Newham
Health in the London Borough of Newham
NHS hospitals in London
London
Hospitals established in 2020
2020 establishments in England
Hospitals disestablished in 2021
2021 disestablishments in England
Geir Karlsen may refer to :
Geir Karlsen ( football player ) ( born 1948 ) , a Norwegian goalie
Geir Karlsen ( business person ) ( born 1965 ) , a Norwegian business magnate
Avatar ( ; from `` Aerobic Vehicle for Transatmospheric Hypersonic Aerospace TrAnspoRtation '' ) is a concept study for a robotic single-stage reusable spaceplane capable of horizontal takeoff and landing , by India 's Defence Research and Development Organisation . The mission concept is for low-cost military and commercial satellite space launches .
This spaceplane concept is unrelated to India 's RLV Technology Demonstration Programme ( RLV-TD ) .
Concept
The idea is to develop a spaceplane vehicle that can take off from conventional airfields . Its liquid air cycle engine would collect air in the atmosphere on the way up , liquefy it , separate oxygen and store it on board for subsequent flight beyond the atmosphere . The Avatar , a reusable launch vehicle , was first announced in May 1998 at the Aero India 98 exhibition held at Bangalore .
Avatar is projected to weigh 25 tons , of which 60 % of that mass would be liquid hydrogen fuel . The oxygen required by the vehicle for combustion in outer space would be collected from the atmosphere during takeoff , thus reducing the need to carry oxygen during launch . The notional specification is for a payload weighing up to to low Earth orbit and to withstand up to 100 launches and reentries .
If built , Avatar would take off horizontally like a conventional airplane from a conventional airstrip using turbo-ramjet engines that burn hydrogen and atmospheric oxygen . During this cruising phase , an on-board system would collect air from the atmosphere , from which liquid oxygen would be separated and stored and used to burn the stored hydrogen in the final flight phase to attain orbit . The vehicle would be designed to permit at least one hundred launches and atmospheric reentries .
Feasibility study
The Avatar concept study was commissioned by India 's Defence Research and Development Organisation in 2001 . India 's Space Agency ISRO has no connection with the project . Air Commodore Raghavan Gopalaswami , who headed the study , made a presentation on the spaceplane at the global conference on propulsion at Salt Lake City , United States on July 10 , 2001 .
See also
Spaceplanes of comparable role , configuration and era
Boeing X-37
Buran
Dream Chaser
Skylon
Space Rider
Space Shuttle
SpaceShipTwo
References
External links
Concept of AVATAR
Hydrogen-powered aircraft
Hypersonic aircraft
Space launch vehicles of India
Space programme of India
Ramjet-powered aircraft
Former proposed space launch system concepts
Spacecraft propulsion
Spaceplanes
Proposed aircraft of India
V-tail aircraft
Satish Dhawan Space Centre
The Goldberg win streak was a lengthy series of victories that established the character of American professional wrestler Goldberg , following their debut on WCW Monday Nitro on September 22 , 1997 . The unprecedented win streak proved to be essential in making Goldberg the breakout star of World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , propelling the rookie wrestler to main event status within a year of their first match , and would become a tool used by other promotions to build young stars into main event players .
Background
Beginnings
During the rehab following their NFL injury , Goldberg began powerlifting and mixed martial arts training . They were spotted by Lex Luger and Sting who urged them to try professional wrestling . Although not a fan of professional wrestling , they saw it as an alternative to their fledgling football career and began training at the WCW Power Plant .
Training under the tutelage of DeWayne Bruce , they made their debut as Bill Gold on a dark match at a Monday Nitro event on June 23 , 1997 where they defeated Bruce ( wrestling as Sgt . Buddy Lee Parker ) . They also faced and defeated Buddy Landell ( Saturday Night dark match ) , Hugh Morrus ( house show ) , Chip Minton ( Nitro dark match ) and John Betcha ( house show ) . Their final pre-televised appearance was in a dark match on July 24 at a Saturday Night taping in a loss to Chad Fortune .
The streak begins
Now 5–1 , Bill Goldberg had yet to be seen on television . As such , they were `` undefeated '' when they made their televised debut on Monday Nitro on September 22 , 1997 . Behind the scenes it was WCW announcer Mike Tenay who came up with the concept of the Goldberg Win Streak . Goldberg was booked to win over Morrus , and thus began a win streak that carried over onto WCW Saturday Night and non-televised house shows . The longer the streak became , the more popular the Goldberg character became .
After rampaging through most of WCW 's undercard of wrestlers , Goldberg faced Raven on April 20 edition of Monday Nitro and captured the United States Heavyweight Championship . By June they had eclipsed 100 wins , and was getting over as a main eventer . Hulk Hogan eventually granted Goldberg a title match , which would take place on the July 6 , 1998 episode of Nitro held at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta with over 40,000 in attendance , but Hogan insisted that Goldberg first had to defeat their nWo stablemate Scott Hall . Goldberg won and later in the evening was also able to defeat Hogan to become the WCW World Heavyweight Champion , in turn vacating their United States Heavyweight Championship .
Conclusion of the streak
Now WCW Champion , Goldberg found themselves the cornerstone of the company 's efforts to stave off the WWF . The former number two promotion was now running neck and neck with WCW , and Goldberg was programmed into a feud with Diamond Dallas Page . At Halloween Havoc , the feud was settled after Goldberg defeated Page to retain the title . According to Goldberg , their match against Page was the favorite match of their career . Following technical issues with the PPV the match was aired for free on the following Monday Nitro ; the huge rating that it garnered was the final time that Monday Nitro defeated Monday Night Raw .
As Goldberg moved on to a feud with The Giant , WCW management resorted to embellishing the win streak with fictional victories . Wrestling fans who followed match results online began to catch on as Goldberg 's streak grew exponentially , and they began to incur the first backlash of their career .
At Starrcade , Goldberg 's undefeated streak ended at an official approximate count of 173–0 , and after 174 days as champion when they lost the title to Kevin Nash , after Scott Hall , disguised as a ringside security guard , made a run-in and shocked Goldberg with a taser gun .
List of matches
Aftermath
Following the loss , Goldberg was booked against another wrestler who was enjoying an inflated win streak in Sid Vicious and challenged them to a match to end Sid 's winning streak . The two feuded with each other , which culminated in a match at Halloween Havoc for Sid 's U.S . Title . Goldberg defeated Sid via referee stoppage , and thus won their second United States Heavyweight Championship .
The following year the streak came up against when Goldberg feuded with Vince Russo , who gave them an ultimatum . If Goldberg was to lose another match at any point in time , unless they managed to duplicate their undefeated streak from 1997 to 1998 , they would be forced to retire from professional wrestling . Goldberg defeated KroniK ( Brian Adams and Bryan Clark ) at Halloween Havoc in a handicap elimination match . They then started a feud with Lex Luger . This culminated in a match at Mayhem , which Goldberg won . They continued their rivalry and battled in a rematch at Starrcade . Goldberg won the match , but afterwards they were attacked by Luger 's partner Buff Bagwell . Goldberg feuded with both Luger and Bagwell , who called themselves `` Totally Buffed '' . Their streak was broken at Sin when Goldberg , teaming with their Power Plant trainer DeWayne Bruce , lost to Totally Buffed in a tag team no disqualification match after a `` fan '' maced him , enabling Totally Buffed to pin him . The storyline was intended to enable Goldberg to have shoulder surgery , but WCW was sold to the WWF in March 2001 , while Goldberg was still recuperating .
Validity of the streak
Goldberg 's win–loss record at WCW events from 1997 to 1998 differed from that which was perpetuated by the company , with the official figure exaggerating the number of matches in which they won to 173 . Nick Schwartz of Fox Sports wrote : `` No one really knows what Goldberg 's actual record was ... but it 's generally accepted that 173–0 is an inflated number '' . Some of Goldberg 's industry peers have stated that the figure was exaggerated . Their then-WCW colleague Chris Jericho stated : `` One week he 'd be 42–0 and seven days later he 'd be 58–0 . Did stepping on bugs count ? '' Manager Jimmy Hart , who also worked with Goldberg in WCW , regarded the level of embellishment as `` kind of funny '' , while professional wrestler The Miz said : `` The number would just go on and on and on , to where it was like , 'Wait a second . How did they get this many wins in such a short time ' ? '' This exaggeration damaged the streak 's credibility among the WCW audience : upon noticing that the figure had been falsified , fans began to withdraw homemade signs trumpeting Goldberg 's record .
While officially cited as 173–0 , a definitive breakdown of all available match results shows that Goldberg began their career at an untelevised 5-1 , and that following their debut they had an actual win streak of 156 consecutive victories with two that ended in No Contest before their Starrcade loss to Kevin Nash .
Legacy
Although André the Giant was billed by the WWF as being undefeated for 15 years , the Goldberg Win Streak was the first lengthy televised win streak used to build a main eventer out of a new character . It is now part and parcel of the Hall of Fame legacy of the Goldberg character , and similar efforts were used to build the characters of Brock Lesnar in 2002 , Ryback in 2012 , and Asuka in 2017 .
See also
The Streak , The Undertaker 's win streak
References
World Championship Wrestling
History of professional wrestling
Superlatives in sports
Records ( superlatives )
Professional wrestling slang
Birmingham Gardens ( ) is a suburb of Newcastle , New South Wales , Australia , bordering the University of Newcastle west-northwest of Newcastle 's central business district . It is part of the City of Newcastle local government area .
Birmingham Gardens had a population of 2,376 in 2016 .
Origins
The Birmingham Gardens area was first subdivided in the 1930s . The area was expanded in the 1960s with the price of land being the attraction . The name Birmingham Gardens was given by Mr.T.M.Burke who originally subdivided the area after the English town of Birmingham . Originally owned by Newcastle Wallsend Coal Co & sold to Commonwealth Oil Refineries .
Today
Birmingham Gardens , residents include a majority of people aged over 55 and a number of university students renting near the University of Newcastle . A few families now live in Birmingham Gardens . Birmingham Gardens also has Harold Myers Park which includes play equipment .
References
Suburbs of Newcastle , New South Wales
René Philoctète ( 16 November 1932 – 17 July 1995 ) was a Haitian poet . Born in Jérémie , some of their most notable poems are Saison des hommes ( 1960 ) , which was also their first published poem , Les Tambours du Soleil ( 1962 ) , and Ces Iles qui Marchent ( 1969 ) .
Their novel Massacre River about the Parsley massacre was translated into English by Linda Coverdale and published by New Directions in 2005 . It is noted for its lucid metaphors and experimental prose and features a preface by Edwidge Danticat and an introduction by Lyonel Trouillot .
References
1932 births
1995 deaths
Haitian male poets
20th-century Haitian poets
20th-century male writers
The Finland men 's national tennis team represents Finland in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Suomen Tennisliitto .
Finland currently compete in the Europe/Africa Zone Group I . They have reached the World Group Play-offs three times . In 1999 , they came within one set of promotion .
History
Finland competed in its first Davis Cup in 1928 .
Current team ( 2022 )
Emil Ruusuvuori
Otto Virtanen
Patrik Niklas-Salminen
Eero Vasa
Harri Heliövaara
All players
See also
Davis Cup
Finland Fed Cup team
External links
Davis Cup teams
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Aksenovka ( ) or Aksyonovka ( ) is the name of several rural localities in Russia .
Modern localities
Aksenovka , Altai Krai , a settlement in Novorossiysky Selsoviet of Rubtsovsky District in Altai Krai ;
Aksenovka , Republic of Mordovia , a village in Lopatinsky Selsoviet of Torbeyevsky District in the Republic of Mordovia ;
Aksenovka , Omsk Oblast , a village in Sukhovskoy Rural Okrug of Gorkovsky District in Omsk Oblast
Aksenovka , Penza Oblast , a village in Yaganovsky Selsoviet of Vadinsky District in Penza Oblast
Aksenovka , Vladimir Oblast , a village in Alexandrovsky District of Vladimir Oblast
Alternative names
Aksenovka , alternative name of Aksenovo , a village in Voroninskoye Rural Settlement of Klinsky District in Moscow Oblast ;
See also
Aksenov ( rural locality )
Aksenovo
Tarannum Riyaz ( 9 August 1960 – 20 May 2021 ) was an Indian writer and a senior fellow with the Ministry of Culture , Government of India .
Biography
Students in several universities in India have done their M. Phil . and Ph . D. research on the works of Tarannum Riyaz . They have been lecturing in institutions of art and literature in India and abroad . Them books are on the curriculum in different levels of educational institutions in India .
Death
Riyaz died from COVID-19 in 2021 , a month after their husband 's death Riyaz Punjabi .
Published works
`` Zer e Sabza Mehw e Khwaab '' ( poetry – 2015 )
`` Ajnabee Jazeeron Men '' ( essays – 2015 )
`` Bhadon K Chaand Taley '' ( poetry – 2015 )
Barf Aashna Parindey ( novel – 2009 , second edition 2010 ; Hindi edition 2013 )
Meraa Rakhte Safar ( short stories – 2008 )
Fareb E Khitta E Gul ( 4 novellas – 2008 )
Purani Kitaabon Ki Khusbhu ( poetry – 2005 )
Chashme Naqshe Kadam ( critical essay – 2005 )
Beeswi Sadi Mein Khawateen Ka Urdu Adab ( anthology – 2005 )
Moorti ( novel – 2002 )
Yimberzal ( short stories – 2002 )
Abbabeelain Laut Aaengi ( short stories – 2000 )
Yeh Tang Zameen ( short stories – 1998 )
References
1960 births
2021 deaths
People from Srinagar
Urdu-language fiction writers
Urdu critics
Urdu-language novelists
University of Kashmir alumni
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in India
Urdu-language poets from India
20th-century Indian women writers
20th-century Indian writers
21st-century Indian women writers
21st-century Indian writers
Indian women poets
Indian women novelists
McDonald 's Pakistan ( ) is the Pakistani affiliate of the international fast food chain , McDonald 's . Its first restaurant was established in Lahore , followed by a second restaurant a week later in Karachi , in September 1998 .
McDonald 's Pakistan currently operates 72 outlets across 24 major cities nationwide , serving millions of customers . Its franchise locations include Karachi , Lahore , Faisalabad , Islamabad , Rawalpindi , Gujranwala , Peshawar , Multan , Hyderabad , Quetta , Sargodha , Bahawalpur , Sialkot , Sukkur , Sheikhupura , Rahim Yar Khan , Dera Ghazi Khan , Gujrat , Sahiwal , Abbottabad and Jhelum . The largest number of outlets is in Lahore , followed by Karachi and Islamabad-Rawalpindi .
Corporate history
In Pakistan , the franchise rights for McDonald 's are owned by Siza Foods Pvt . Ltd. , a subsidiary of the Karachi-based Lakson Group of Companies .
In December 2015 , the fast food chain opened doors to its first restaurant in the northwestern city of Peshawar , with a seating capacity of 200 . In April 2016 , McDonald 's opened its first restaurant in Quetta .
In January 2018 , McDonald 's became a sponsor of the Peshawar Zalmi cricket team and announced a `` Peshawar Zalmi Meal '' which fans would be able to order at restaurants . Revenues generated from the special meals would be donated to the Peshawar Zalmi Foundation , and spent on uplifting the lives of underprivileged children .
In April 2019 , McDonald 's and Pakistan International Airlines ( PIA ) inked a memorandum of understanding providing special meals and offers for PIA passengers , which would be printed on their boarding passes and remain valid across all McDonald 's outlets nationwide .
In September 2019 , McDonald 's and Chevron Pakistan announced a strategic partnership , wherein Chevron would satisfy the manufacturing requirements of lubricants and coolants for all of McDonald 's Pakistan restaurants .
Products
According to chief executive Amin Lakhani , the options and standard of food at McDonald 's Pakistan is at par with McDonald 's internationally ; consumers eat chicken , beef , fish , hamburger and cheeseburger products , however `` we have a range that is slightly spicier because people want spicy food '' in Pakistan . In 2011 , McDonald 's Pakistan received the Golden Arch Award for brand quality , hygiene standards and customer service .
Several of McDonald 's former and current products have been influenced by local tastes , and customised to appeal to the Pakistani market . These include the Mutton Burger , first introduced in 2014 for a limited time . In 2017 , McDonald 's unveiled the Chicken Chapli Burger with a meat patty evidently influenced by the chapli kebab , which was received positively . In March 2019 , the McDonald 's Bun Kebab was introduced for the first time , a knock-off from the famous Pakistani sandwich and street food known by the same name . According to McDonald 's marketing director Raza Ali , adding the Bun Kebab to the menu was an instinctive move considering its extreme popularity in `` every nook and corner of Pakistan '' , and because `` a significant proportion of our customers refrain from indulging in a bun kabab due to the unhygienic conditions they are usually made in '' typically at dhabas and shops , despite being cheaper than the McDonald 's version ; thus providing the opportunity to capitalise on both taste and hygiene , something many consumers would be willing to pay a higher price for . Similarly , a McDonald 's Lassi was introduced for a limited period to coincide with the fasting month of Ramadan , and was produced in partnership with Nestlé Pakistan .
Gallery
See also
KFC Pakistan
Pizza Hut Pakistan
List of the largest fast food restaurant chains
Pakistani Cuisine
References
Pakistani companies established in 1998
Food and drink companies based in Karachi
Fast-food chains of Pakistan
Lakson Group
Pakistan
Pakistani subsidiaries of foreign companies
Social amnesia is a collective forgetting by a group of people . The concept is often cited in relation to Russell Jacoby 's scholarship from the 1970s . Social amnesia can be a result of `` forcible repression '' of memories , ignorance , changing circumstances , or the forgetting that comes from changing interests . Protest , folklore , `` local memory '' , and collective nostalgia are counter forces that combat social amnesia .
Social amnesia is a subject of discussion in psychology and among some political activists . In the U.S. , social amnesia has been said to reflect `` the tendency of American penology to ignore history and precedent when responding to the present or informing the future ... discarded ideas are repackaged ; meanwhile , the expectations for these practices remain the same . ''
Fits of social amnesia after difficult or trying periods can sometimes cover up the past , and fading memories can actually make mythologies transcend by keeping them `` impervious to challenge '' .
Historian Guy Beiner opted to use the term social forgetting and has shown that under scrutiny this is rarely a condition of total collective oblivion but rather a more complex dynamic of tensions between public forgetting and the persistence of private recollections , which can at times resurface and receive recognition and at other times are suppressed and hidden .
In biology
Another meaning of social amnesia has been studied in biology among mice whose sense of smell is the primary means of social interaction . It is affected by oxytocin , and mice without the gene to produce that brain protein are said to suffer from `` social amnesia '' and an inability to recognize `` familiar '' mice . '' The role of oxytocin in the amygdala in facilitating social recognition and bonding as well as how oxytocin receptor antagonists might induce social amnesia has also been investigated .
See also
Politics of memory
Damnatio memoriae
References
Further reading
Jacoby Russell Social Amnesia , A critique of conformist psychology from Adler to Laing Boston : Beacon Press
Crowd psychology
Tales Runner is a massively multiplayer online game created by the South Korean company Rhaon Entertainment and published by Smilegate . It combines the genres of social , fantasy and racing games ; players compete by running , jumping , dashing , skiing and climbing across different magical fairy tale settings . The game setting is centered on Easter and Western fairy tales .
Tales Runner has local servers for various countries including Korea , the United States , Thailand , Mainland China and Japan . On 16 November 2011 , gPotato announced that their North American servers would permanently shut down on 21 December 2011 .
As of 29 October 2012 , Nowcom , the primary company hosting TalesRunner , released their global server of the game again . TOT announced that transfer publishing license in Thailand to Asiasoft on 30 April 2016 . OGPlanet , the company hosting the only English server of Tales Runner announced that their servers would close permanently on 20 April 2017 .
Storyline
King Henry is the king of a beautiful country . To make the people happy again , they started the `` Fairyland Sightseeing Racing Competition '' with a fairy tale theme . The winners of the competition will be awarded a stone that can fulfill any wish . Each contestant is called a `` Tales Runner '' .
Gameplay
Racing
Racing is a key part of Tales Runner . Players race though various racing maps in an effort to finish the map and collect money , experience points , Alchemy Cards , and various items . There is a variety of map styles ranging from training maps resembling sports facilities , fantasy maps themed around fairy tales stories , or survival races with monsters to conquer .
The game supports several racing modes , including individual races where each player runs for himself , team mode with two teams , and relay mode with up to six teams of three players . There 's also a mode for up to 30 players racing as well as a Tournament Mode for special events , and also 8 players co-operate to finish the race . Racing rewards differ dependent on the position at which the player or its team finished . Rewards consist of game currency award , experience points award and randomly in other items used in other game features .
Characters
Tales Runner currently supports eighteen different customizable playable characters with different stats . Players may have as many or as few characters as they wish , and once purchased are permanent additions to a player My Room . All game servers do n't support all the playable characters . In addition , there are transformation characters used to `` disguise '' a playable character as a person from a fairytale , as well as special characters for the character Maki , in the shape of ghosts . Characters are purchased in-game using either TR , or Astros ( USA Tales Runner ) currency or cash for Thailand and Korean servers .
Experience
Experience gained in racing or using other means allows the player to level up . Character abilities can also be improved using special equipment or clothing items , or with buffs from NPCs , event prizes , or fortune telling . Experience gained via racing is also used in improving some player 's belongings or allow special interactions with the items , for instance , Experience gained can level up pets , farm animals , and growable farm crops . Farm animals and farm crops can be harvested for various items , Experience , or money .
Currency
There are two currencies available in the game : A 'cash ' currency , which can only be obtained using real money , and the in-game currency called TR , which can be obtained via racing , with a variety of farm items , or purchased by tickets with cash currency .
Shop items available for purchase are usually only available for one of the currencies . Players can buy items for other players . After the purchase of an item , the item can never change owners . Playable characters used for racing are also inventory items – new characters can be bought in a shop , and the selection of active character does not change the player 's in-game name , experience count , or money balance .
Alchemy
Alchemy allows players to create new items by combining various cards obtained via racing with items bought in shops . The alchemy system also supports upgrading lower level equipment to a higher level . Each alchemy item supports a different stat , and is able to increase that stat . Players in Tales Runner can have couples , marriages , and family . They can purchase it with cash currency .
Players can form guilds with other players in addition to being in families ; these are similar to the guild system in some other MMORPGs . There are daily quests and race battles that are exclusive to only Guilds members . Details vary depending on the servers .
Farm
Farms are miniature maps a player can own , maintain , and use for meeting with other players . It is possible to use permanent items on maps for decorative purposes , or growable items which produce other useful items the player can use . Growable items use experience points obtained by the player in races but do n't prevent or slow down the character leveling up . Growable items expire after certain amount of using and either disappear or must be renewed to continue working . The farm needs a farm ticket to be used so it does n't expire ; this ticket is bought with in-game currency , TR .
Achievements
Achievements are small quests or tasks which player can accomplish while playing the game . Examples are racing certain number of races , performing certain number of racing tricks , or buying certain number of items in the in-game shop . Completing an achievement is rewarded with various amounts of in-game currency .
Tournaments and events
In tournaments and events , players compete against each other for points and prizes , varying depending on the server and event . Usually , a GM ( Game Master/Manager ) will host the event from in-game and dispatch the prizes .
The 2013 Tales Runner World Championships was hosted in a Mall in Hong Kong .
References
Multiplayer online games
Fantasy sports video games
Video games with cel-shaded animation
Racing video games
Video games developed in South Korea
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games
2005 video games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Smilegate games
Byte addressing in hardware architectures supports accessing individual bytes . Computers with byte addressing are sometimes called byte machines , in contrast to word-addressable architectures , word machines , that access data by word .
Background
The basic unit of digital storage is a bit , storing a single 0 or 1 . Many common architectures can address more than 8 bits of data at a time . For example , the Intel 386SX processor can handle 16-bit ( two-byte ) data , since data is transferred over a 16-bit bus . However , data in memory may be of various lengths . Byte addressable memory supports accessing data in units that are narrower than the bus . An eight-bit processor like the Intel 8008 addresses eight bits , but as this is the full width of the bus , this is regarded as word-addressable . The 386SX , which addresses memory in 8-bit units but can fetch and store it 16 bits at a time , is termed byte-addressable .
The advantage of word addressing is that more memory can be addressed in the same number of bits . The IBM 7094 has 15-bit addresses , so could address 32,768 words of 36 bits . The machines were often built with a full complement of addressable memory . Addressing 32,768 bytes of 6 bits would have been much less useful for scientific and engineering users . Or consider the 32-bit Pentium processor . Its 32-bit address bus can address 4 billion different items . Using word addressing , a 32-bit address bus could address 4 Gigawords ; or 16 Gigabytes using the modern 8-bit byte . If the 386SX and its successors had used word addressing , scientists , engineers , and gamers could all have enjoyed programs that were 4x larger on 32-bit machines . Then again , word processing , rendering HTML , and all other text applications would have run more slowly .
When computers were so costly that they were only or mainly used for science and engineering , word addressing was the obvious mode . As it became cost-effective to use computers for handling text , hardware designers moved to byte addressing .
To illustrate why byte addressing is useful , consider the IBM 7094 , which is word-addressable and has no concept of a byte . It has 36-bit words and stores its six-bit character codes six to a word . To change the 16th character in a string , the program has to determine that this is the fourth character of the third word in the string , fetch the third word , mask out the old value of the fourth character from the value held in the register , bitwise or in the new one , and then store back the amended word . At least six machine instructions . Usually , these are relegated to a subroutine , so every store or fetch of a single character involves the overhead of calling a subroutine and returning . With byte addressing , that can be achieved in one instruction : store this character code at that byte address . Text programs are easier to write , they are smaller , and run faster .
Hybrid systems
Some systems , such as the PDP-10 , use word addressing but facilitate access to individual bytes using special instructions which can access memory using a byte pointer , which contains both a word address and the index of a specific byte within the word .
See also
Data structure alignment
Endianness
References
Computer architecture
Central processing unit
Marek Wrona ( born 31 August 1966 ) is a Polish former racing cyclist . They won the Tour de Pologne 1989 .
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Polish male cyclists
People from Oława
Sportspeople from Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Nets of Destiny is a 1924 British drama film directed by Arthur Rooke and starring Stewart Rome , Mary Odette and Gertrude McCoy . It was an adaptation of the novel The Salving of a Derelict by Maurice Drake . The screenplay concerns a son who tries to overturn the disgrace of their father , who committed suicide .
Cast
Stewart Rome - Lawrence Averil
Mary Odette - Marion Graham
Gertrude McCoy - Constancae
Cameron Carr - Reingold
Judd Green - Captain Menzies
Reginald Fox - Pat Dwyer
Benson Kleve - Jack Menzies
James English - Major Graham
George Turner - Jerry Fisher
Laura Walker - Mrs. Jardine
References
External links
1924 films
British silent feature films
1924 drama films
Films directed by Arthur Rooke
British drama films
British black-and-white films
1920s English-language films
1920s British films
Silent drama films
In statistics , Yates 's correction for continuity ( or Yates 's chi-squared test ) is used in certain situations when testing for independence in a contingency table . It aims
at correcting the error introduced by assuming that the discrete probabilities of frequencies in the table can be approximated by a continuous distribution ( chi-squared ) . In some cases , Yates 's correction may adjust too far , and so its current use is limited .
Correction for approximation error
Using the chi-squared distribution to interpret Pearson 's chi-squared statistic requires one to assume that the discrete probability of observed binomial frequencies in the table can be approximated by the continuous chi-squared distribution . This assumption is not quite correct , and introduces some error .
To reduce the error in approximation , Frank Yates , an English statistician , suggested a correction for continuity that adjusts the formula for Pearson 's chi-squared test by subtracting 0.5 from the difference between each observed value and its expected value in a 2 × 2 contingency table . This reduces the chi-squared value obtained and thus increases its p-value .
The effect of Yates 's correction is to prevent overestimation of statistical significance for small data . This formula is chiefly used when at least one cell of the table has an expected count smaller than 5 . Unfortunately , Yates 's correction may tend to overcorrect . This can result in an overly conservative result that fails to reject the null hypothesis when it should ( a type II error ) . So it is suggested that Yates 's correction is unnecessary even with quite low sample sizes , such as :
The following is Yates 's corrected version of Pearson 's chi-squared statistics :
where :
Oi = an observed frequency
Ei = an expected ( theoretical ) frequency , asserted by the null hypothesis
N = number of distinct events
2 × 2 table
As a short-cut , for a 2 × 2 table with the following entries :
we can write N=a+b+c+d
In some cases , this is better .
See also
Continuity correction
Wilson score interval with continuity correction
References
Statistical tests for contingency tables
The Muskwa Formation is a stratigraphical unit of Frasnian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin .
It takes the name from Muskwa River , and was first described in the Western National Gas Fort Nelson a-95-J/94-J-10 well by F.F . Gray and J.R. Kassube , in 1963 .
Lithology
The Muskwa Formation is composed of bituminous shale . Pyrite is a common accessory mineral .
Gas production
Gas is produced from the Muskwa Formation shales in the Horn River Basin in the Greater Sierra oil field in north-eastern British Columbia . Horizontal drilling and fracturing techniques are used to extract the gas from the low permeability shales ( see Shale gas ) .
Distribution
The Muskwa Formation occurs in northern Alberta , north-eastern British Columbia and in the southern part of the Northwest Territories , and typically has a thickness of .
Relationship to other units
The Muskwa Formation is a sub-unit of the Horn River Formation ; it is conformably overlain by the Fort Simpson Formation and conformably underlain by the Otter Park Member .
See also
Muskwa Ranges
References
Geologic formations of Alberta
Shale formations
Oil-bearing shales in Canada
Natural gas fields in Canada
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin
Devonian System of North America
Upper Devonian Series
Devonian Alberta
Devonian British Columbia
Devonian Northwest Territories
Peace River Country
Frasnian Stage
Gene Mayer was the defending champion , but did not participate this year .
Tomáš Šmíd won the singles title of the 1983 BMW Open , defeating Joakim Nyström 6–0 , 6–3 , 4–6 , 2–6 , 7–5 in the final .
Seeds
Tomáš Šmíd ( champion )
Mel Purcell ( first round )
Shlomo Glickstein ( first round )
Mike De Palmer ( second round )
Fernando Luna ( quarterfinals )
Pavel Složil ( quarterfinals )
Chris Lewis ( quarterfinals )
Jairo Velasco , Sr. ( second round )
Draw
Final
Section 1
Section 2
External links
1983 Bavarian Tennis Championships Singles draw
Singles
Bisterschied is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany . Bennhausen has an area of 5.16 km² and a population of 232 ( as of December 31 , 2020 ) .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Palatinate ( region )
Transancistrus is a genus of suckermouth armored catfishes native to South America .
Species
There are currently 2 recognized species in this genus :
Transancistrus aequinoctialis ( Pellegrin , 1909 )
Transancistrus santarosensis ( M. Tan & Armbruster , 2012 )
References
Loricariidae
Fish of South America
USA-132 , also known as GPS IIR-2 and GPS SVN-43 , is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System . It was the second Block IIR GPS satellite to be launched , out of thirteen in the original configuration , and twenty one overall . GPS IIR-1 failed to achieve orbit , so USA-132 was the first successful Block IIR satellite . It was built by Lockheed Martin , using the AS-4000 satellite bus .
Launch
USA-132 was launched at 03:43:01 UTC on 23 July 1997 , atop a Delta II launch vehicle , flight number D245 , flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration . The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A ( LC-17A ) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ( CCAFS ) , and placed USA-132 into a transfer orbit . The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor .
Mission
On 22 August 1997 , USA-132 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 713.00 minutes , and 54.90° of inclination to the equator . It is used to broadcast the PRN 13 signal , and operates in slot 3 of plane F of the GPS constellation . The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years . As of 2022 it remains in service .
References
Spacecraft launched in 1997
GPS satellites
USA satellites
The John Wesley and Grace Shafer Warrick House , also known as the John W. Warrick Sr. House , is a house in the southern part of the city of Meadow Grove , in the northeastern part of the state of Nebraska , in the Midwestern United States . The house was built in the Queen Anne style in 1903 by a prominent Meadow Grove business person , who made some additions and alterations in the 1920s . The builder , and subsequently their descendants , continuously occupied it into at least the late 20th century .
The house is listed in the National Register of Historic Places , as a well-preserved example of the turn-of-the-century Queen Anne style .
History
Meadow Grove established
Among the first white settlers in the area that became Meadow Grove were brothers Perry Vanado Lewis and Van Buren Lewis , who arrived in the area in 1868 . In 1872 , Van Buren Lewis claimed a quarter-section of land ( 160 acres , or ) under the 1862 Homestead Act . Perry Lewis built a dugout on an adjoining quarter-section and , in 1874 , planted a grove of cottonwoods and claimed the land under the provisions of the Timber Culture Act .
In 1879 , the Fremont , Elkhorn and Missouri Valley Railroad extended its tracks up the Elkhorn Valley by some , from Wisner to Oakdale , crossing the northern part of Madison County . In 1883 , Perry Lewis built a gristmill on Buffalo Creek ; later that year , their son-in-law Joseph Beech built a grocery store by the gristmill , and a post office named `` Gimlet '' was established there . The mill attracted farmers from a wide area , and became a social as well as a commercial center .
Believing that the developing settlement needed a better location , Perry Lewis launched the town of Meadow Grove on their timber claim , platting it in 1886–87 and offering free lots to persons who would start new businesses . The store building was moved from the Gimlet site to the new town .
John W. Warrick
Among the first businesses in Meadow Grove was the Hale Warehouse Company , which dealt in grain and general merchandise . The owner , Virginia native Felix J. Hale , also owned a cattle-feeding farm north of the town . In 1887 , Hale offered John Wesley Warrick $ 100 a month to come to Meadow Grove and manage their operations .
Warrick was born in Elk Creek , Virginia , in 1858 . They attended school in Elk Creek until 1878 , then taught there for a year . They subsequently worked in the mercantile business , as well as serving for five years as postmaster . In 1887 , they accepted Hale 's offer and moved to Meadow Grove . Three years later , they married Grace Shafer , whose parents had moved from Ohio to Iowa before settling in the Meadow Grove area in 1872 .
Warrick remained with Hale until 1894 . In 1895 , they established their own grain , lumber , and coal business . Initially , the business had no grain elevator or direct access to the railroad , and grain operations were handled through a `` shovel house '' : grain was brought to the storage facility in wagons , shoveled into it by hand , then hand-shoveled out of storage into wagons for transport to waiting railroad cars . In 1898 , Warrick built a modern elevator , with a capacity of 20,000 bushels ( ) .
Warrick prospered and became one of Meadow Grove 's most prominent citizens . They sat on the city 's school board for over 20 years ; served for two decades as Sunday-school superintendent at the local Methodist church ; and , when the local Security Bank failed and was reorganized in 1928 , they were chosen as one of the directors . In 1931 , they brought their son , John Warrick Jr. , into their business , renaming it `` Warrick and Son '' .
John Warrick died in 1950 ; Grace Warrick , in 1951 . The family business continued under the operation of John Warrick Jr. , and subsequently of their sons John Warrick III and Robert Warrick .
Warrick House
In 1903 , John and Grace Warrick built a house on a four-acre ( about one-and-a-half hectares ) lot at the southern edge of Meadow Grove . The two-story house was built in the Queen Anne style , at a cost of about $ 4,000 . A carriage barn , architecturally similar to the house , was built to the southwest of the house at about the same time .
In the early 1920s , the house was raised and a finished basement constructed beneath it . A large porch was added , enclosing the entire first-floor front of the building .
In 1928 , John Warrick Jr. used $ 5,000 given to them by their father to build a house on the property just south of the senior Warricks . Various Warrick descendants continued to occupy the property as of 1990 : Robert Warrick in the main house , John Warrick Jr. 's widow in the house to the south , and John Warrick III next to the carriage barn .
In 1990 , the 1903 Warrick House was listed in the National Register of Historic Places , as an `` excellent '' and well-preserved example of the early-20th-century Queen Anne style .
Description
The Warrick property is on the west side of Fourth Street . A line of four brick piers , installed in the 1920s and formerly connected by hedges , runs along Fourth .
The house is set in the midst of conifers and deciduous trees , including some that John Warrick Sr. planted at the time of the house 's construction in 1903 . A brick-and-wood pergola , built on the south side of the house in the 1920s , is no longer extant ; nor is a goldfish pond north of the house .
The 19-room house faces eastward . It stands stories tall , atop a red-brick foundation installed as a finished basement in the 1920s . For the first two decades of its existence , the house 's front featured a porch that curved onto the south side , supported by classical columns . This porch was extended and enclosed in the 1920s , and a balcony with a railing of spindlework supports constructed atop it .
Originally , the rear ( west ) entrance of the house led through an enclosed porch . In 1988 , a greenhouse was added there .
The north and south sides of the building feature large two-story bay windows . There is a second-floor bay window above the enclosed front porch on the east side . The cross-gabled roof is steeply pitched and wood-shingled . The front ( east ) and south gables are supported by classical columns .
The interior of the house was finished in a variety of woods . Floors are solid oak throughout . On the first floor are bookshelves , a trestle table , and a writing desk made of walnut taken from trees planted in the yard . As of 1990 , many of the original interior furnishings and detailings remained .
A concrete curbed driveway runs westward from Fourth Street to the carriage barn southwest of the house . Built in about 1903 , the barn was later converted to a garage . Its architectural style complements that of the house . The steeply-pitched cross-gabled roof is topped with a square cupola ; there are windows in the lower gable ends .
Notes
References
Baldwin , Robert Morton ( 1932 ) . Nebraskana . Hebron , Nebraska : The Baldwin Company . Retrieved 2015-12-16 .
Kuchar , Gary , and Mrs. Lenora Kuchar ( 1979 ) . They Called It Meadow Grove . Osborne , Kansas : Osborne Publishing Company , Inc .
Kuchar , Lenora ( 2005 ) . `` Meadow Grove—Madison County '' . Nebraska ... Our Towns . Retrieved 2015-12-16 .
Mead & Hunt ( 2001 ) . Retrieved 2009-10-24 .
Scoville , C. H. ( 1892 ) . History of the Elkhorn Valley . Chicago : National Publishing Company .
Warrick , Robert ( 1990 ) . Retrieved 2015-12-16 .
Houses in Madison County , Nebraska
Houses completed in 1903
Queen Anne architecture in Nebraska
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Nebraska
National Register of Historic Places in Madison County , Nebraska
Scopula moralesi is a moth of the family Geometridae . It is found in Morocco .
References
Moths described in 1945
moralesi
Moths of Africa
Plain Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County , Ohio , United States . The 2010 census found 1,663 people in the township .
Geography
Located in the center of the county , it borders the following townships :
Middleton Township - north
Center Township - east
Portage Township - southeast corner
Liberty Township - south
Milton Township - southwest corner
Weston Township - west
Washington Township - northwest
Part of the city of Bowling Green , the county seat of Wood County , is located in eastern Plain Township .
Name and history
Plain Township was established in 1835 . The township was named for the level plains within its borders . Statewide , other Plain Townships are located in Franklin , Stark , and Wayne counties .
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees , who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1 . Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it . There is also an elected township fiscal officer , who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election , which is held in November of the year before the presidential election . Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees .
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County , Ohio
Townships in Ohio
The wing-barred piprites ( Piprites chloris ) is a species of bird which traditionally has placed in the family Tyrannidae .
It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Paraguay , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
wing-barred piprites
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
wing-barred piprites
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rolando Romero is an American professional boxer who held the WBA interim lightweight title from 2020 to 2021 .
Professional career
Early career
Romero made their professional debut on December 2 , 2016 , scoring a first-round technical knockout ( TKO ) victory against David Courtney at the Sam 's Town Hotel and Gambling Hall in Sunrise Manor , Nevada . Romero amassed an 8–0 record during the next three years , winning all but one of those fights by stoppage . Romero was next scheduled to face Andres Figueroa on April 20 , 2019 , on the undercard of the Danny Garcia and Adrián Granados welterweight bout . They won the fight by a fourth-round knockout . Romero had their first step-up in competition on November 1 , 2019 , when they faced Juan Carlos Cordones . They won the fight by a first-round knockout , stopping Cordones in the final minute of the opening round . Romero faced the undefeated Arturs Ahmetovs on February 22 , 2020 , on the undercard of Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury II . They won the fight by a second-round technical knockout .
Rise up the ranks
Romero vs. Maríñez
After compiling a record of 11–0 ( 10 KOs ) Romero faced undefeated Dominican Jackson Marinez for the vacant WBA interim lightweight title on August 15 , 2020 , at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville , Connecticut . Romero captured the vacant WBA interim title via twelve-round unanimous decision ( UD ) with the judges ' scorecards reading 118–110 , 116–112 , and 115–113 . This decision was considered very controversial , with many feeling Marinez deserved the win .
Romero vs. Sparrow
Romero was scheduled to take on Justin Pauldo , but Pauldo came in 5Ibs over the contracted weight . Romero 's team would then change the weight to 140 Ibs , but Pauldo failed a pre-fight physical with the commission having to cancel it . Romero fought Avery Sparrow as a last minute opponent , the latter having had five weeks of training prior to this fight . Romero defeated their opponent by seventh-round technical knockout , and aired their frustrations with Sparrow 's fighting style after the fight : `` He fought like a coward , they just wanted a street fight because they knew they are n't gon na do anything to me . ''
Romero vs. Yigit
Romero was slated to defend their interim title against Austin Dulay on the undercard of Jermell Charlo vs. Brian Castaño on July 17 , 2021 . Dulay pulled out of the fight a few days before the scheduled date which prompted Romero to claim that Dulay had pulled out of the fight due to a “ panic attack. ” Dulay responded by revealing that they suffered a knee injury and offered to give Romero $ 10,000 of their fight purse to reschedule the fight .
Anthony Yigit was subsequently moved from their untelevised preliminary slot to step in as Romero 's opponent . Romero 's title was no longer on the line when Yigit weighed in 5.2 lbs over the 135 lb limit , but the fight nonetheless went ahead . On the night , Romero dropped Yigit multiple times en route to a seventh-round technical knockout victory . The San Antonio crowd booed Romero as they were announced as the winner , voicing their displeasure with their roughhouse tactics of throwing elbows , shoving and grappling their opponent . They were unfazed when questioned about it in their post-fight interview , saying , `` I fought a 140 pounder and I fucking stopped him , simple as that . ''
Romero vs. Davis
On October 6 , 2021 , it was announced that Romero would be facing undefeated WBA ( Regular ) lightweight champion Gervonta Davis on December 5 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles on Showtime PPV . However , Romero was pulled from the bout due to sexual assault allegations made against him , and was subsequently replaced with Isaac Cruz . On January 11 , 2022 , Romero revealed on their Instagram page that no charges against them were filed , as the claims of sexual abuse could not be substantiated . On January 24 , the WBA once again ordered Davis to make a mandatory lightweight title defense against Romero , and gave the pair until February 24 to come to terms . The pair agreed to face each other on May 28 , in the main event of a Showtime PPV , at the Barclays Center in New York . Romero was knocked out in the 6th round .
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Date of birth missing ( living people )
American boxers of Cuban descent
Sportspeople from Las Vegas
Boxers from Nevada
American male boxers
Lightweight boxers
Sir Roderick Sheldon Deane ( born 8 April 1941 ) is a New Zealand economist , public sector reformer , and business person . They served as deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand , and as CEO and chairperson of the country 's largest telecommunications company , Telecom New Zealand .
Education
Born in Auckland , Deane grew up in Ōpunake and went to New Plymouth Boys ' High School . They completed a Bachelor of Commerce degree with first-class honours in economics and a doctorate in economics at Victoria University of Wellington in 1968 . During their doctoral research , Deane began corresponding with future Reserve Bank Governor Don Brash , forming a friendship that would continue throughout their careers .
Career
Reserve Bank of New Zealand
Deane worked at the Reserve Bank of New Zealand , rapidly becoming Chief Economist , then Deputy Governor in 1982 . During this period , Deane tended to clash with Prime Minister and Finance Minister Robert Muldoon , arguing for more economic liberalisation and sounder economic policies , although Deane described their personal relationship with Muldoon as `` cordial '' and `` civil '' . Muldoon twice appointed a Governor to the Reserve Bank in preference to Deane .
Deane served as Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund from 1974 to 1976 . While at the Reserve Bank , Deane published numerous papers on monetary , exchange-rate , and fiscal policy , as well as in the fields of international economics . They led a research-team which developed New Zealand 's first macroeconometric model and published many papers in this area . They authored and edited a range of books on monetary policy and financial-sector matters , the external sector and foreign investment . Deane later became the inaugural winner of the NZIER Qantas `` Economist of the Year '' Award .
Currency and constitutional crisis of 1984
In 1984 , with the election of the Fourth Labour government , Deane led those elements within the Reserve Bank calling for a devaluation of the New Zealand dollar . Speculation on international markets that the incoming New Zealand government would devalue the currency led to the Reserve Bank needing to defend the fixed currency in the markets , causing losses of hundreds of millions of dollars . The defeated Prime Minister , Muldoon , refused to devalue the currency ; a constitutional crisis ensued , during which the incoming Government directed Muldoon to devalue . During the crisis , Deane took the unprecedented step of closing the New Zealand currency to international trading pending settlement of the dispute .
State Services Commissioner
In 1986 Deane became Chairman of the State Services Commission , effectively the head of New Zealand 's public service . Along with Minister of Finance Roger Douglas , Deane served as the principal architect of state-sector reform and corporatisation of New Zealand 's State-Owned Enterprises . They also oversaw a range of other reforms to the public sector , including changes in the wage determination processes to liberalise these , the re-organization of the public service to reduce substantially the number of public servants and to improve the efficiency of many government departments , and changes designed to improve the clarity of objectives and the enhancement of accountabilities within the public sector .
In 1986–87 they were called on to investigate the Māori Loan Affair .
In 1987 Deane became Chief Executive of New Zealand 's then-largest state-owned enterprise , the Electricity Corporation of New Zealand ( ECNZ ) , often known as Electricorp . Don Hunn succeeded Deane as State Services Commissioner .
Telecom Chief Executive
In November 1992 , following the privatisation of Telecom as New Zealand 's largest listed company , Deane became Chief Executive of the new entity . They held this role until their retirement on 1 October 1999 , when they became the non-executive Chairman of Telecom . In the `` Top 200 Corporate Awards '' , Deane became CEO of the Year in 1994 , CEO of the Decade in 1999 and later Chairman of the Year .
Deane also served as Chairman of ANZ National Bank from 1999 and for many years as a Director of the ANZ Banking Group in Melbourne . They chaired the Board of the National Museum of New Zealand , Te Papa Tongarewa from 2000 , which encompasses what was previously the National Art Gallery . They formed the City Gallery Wellington Foundation and functioned for many years as its chairperson . In 2006 Deane announced their resignation from these positions to provide time to pursue other interests which they had been developing for some years . In the case of Telecom , the decision to resign followed particularly the Government 's decision to force Telecom to unbundle the local loop , a decision with which they said they fundamentally disagreed .
Retirement and voluntary activities
Deane remains a Director of Woolworths Ltd in Sydney and Chairman of the New Zealand Seed Fund . They were Chairman of New Zealand 's largest listed company , Fletcher Building Limited from 2001 to 31 March 2010 . They had earlier served as Chairman of the Fletcher Challenge Group and oversaw a major restructuring of that Group in 1999–2000 to rationalise and improve its performance . This involved several commercial transactions which were the largest of their kind at that time . Deane also sits on the advisory board of Pacific Road Corporate Finance .
Deane and their wife Gillian have actively supported the arts as patrons for many years , and they currently serve as Joint Patrons of the IHC New Zealand , the country 's largest voluntary welfare organisation . The Deanes ' late daughter Kristen was eventually diagnosed with Rett syndrome .
Deane occupied over many years senior positions in the IHC , including that of President , and oversaw a period of great change for people with an intellectual handicap , change enabling them to live more normal lives in the wider community . Closure of the country 's special schools and psychopaedic institutions facilitated this process , which also involved young people moving into normal schools and IHC buying many hundreds of houses to provide an environment as close as possible to normal living for intellectually handicapped people in regular communities .
From 2000 to 2003 Deane held a personal Chair as Professor of Economics and Management at Victoria University of Wellington , which awarded them an honorary Doctorate of Laws .
Honours
In 1990 , Deane was awarded the New Zealand 1990 Commemoration Medal . In the 2012 Queen 's Birthday and Diamond Jubilee Honours , they were appointed a Knight Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit .
References
Further reading
External links
independenteconomics.com Roderick Deane 's website
1941 births
People educated at New Plymouth Boys ' High School
Living people
New Zealand bankers
New Zealand chief executives
New Zealand economists
New Zealand public servants
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
Victoria University of Wellington faculty
People from Ōpunake
Knights Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Businesspeople awarded knighthoods
Retro style is a style that is imitative or consciously derivative of lifestyles , trends , or art forms from the historical past , including in music , modes , fashions , or attitudes . In popular culture , the `` nostalgia cycle '' is typically for the two decades that are 20–30 years before the current one .
Definition
The term retro has been in use since 1972 to describe on the one hand , new artifacts that self-consciously refer to particular modes , motifs , techniques , and materials of the past . But on the other hand , many people use the term to categorize styles that have been created in the past . Retro style refers to new things that display characteristics of the past . Unlike the historicism of the Romantic generations , it is mostly the recent past that retro seeks to recapitulate , focusing on the products , fashions and artistic styles produced since the Industrial Revolution , the successive styles of Modernity . The English word retro derives from the Latin prefix retro , meaning backwards , or in past times .
In France , the word rétro , an abbreviation for rétrospectif , gained cultural currency with reevaluations of Charles de Gaulle and France 's role in World War II . The French mode rétro of the 1970s reappraised in film and novels the conduct of French civilians during the Nazi occupation . The term rétro was soon applied to nostalgic French fashions that recalled the same period .
Shortly thereafter retro was introduced into English by the fashion and culture press , where it suggests a rather cynical revival of older but relatively recent fashions . In Simulacra and Simulation , French theorist Jean Baudrillard describes retro as a demythologization of the past , distancing the present from the big ideas that drove the modern age .
Most commonly retro is used to describe objects and attitudes from the recent past that never seem modern . It suggests a fundamental shift in the way we relate to the past . Different from more traditional forms of revivalism , `` retro '' suggests a half ironic , half longing consideration of the recent past ; it has been called an `` unsentimental nostalgia '' , recalling modern forms that are no longer current . The concept of nostalgia is linked to retro , but the bittersweet desire for things , persons , and situations of the past has an ironic stance in retro style . Retro shows nostalgia with a dose of cynicism and detachment . The desire to capture something from the past and evoke nostalgia is fuelled by dissatisfaction with the present .
Specific types of retro
Since the 1980s the implications of the word ‘ retro ' have been expanding in the application to different media . Several fields have adopted the term retro from the design world .
Objects
Up until the 1960s , interiors were often decorated with antiques . During the 1960s in London , shops started selling pieces of second-hand furniture . These shops were different from the previous antique shops because they sold daily life objects from the recent past . These objects used to be seen as junk : Victorian enamel signs , stuffed bears , old furniture painted with union jacks , bowler hats etc . A new way of producing and consuming the past emerged and a broader range of objects from the recent past was used for new designs .
Before the word ‘ retro ' came into use in the 1970s , the practice of adopting old styles for new designs was already common . Throughout the 19th and 20th centuries , designers borrowed from the past , for example , classicistic style . The difference is that since the 1960s people started to refer to the recent past .
In the 1980s , design history emerged as a discipline and several histories of design were published . The access to these overviews and the ability to experiment with computer design programs has caused an increase of retro designed objects in the last decades .
Interior design
Interior design magazines often show retro style as an interior decoration of mixed styles and objects from the past , second hand and new . For example , 1970s patterned wallpapers , combined with second-hand furniture also from the 1970s , the 1960s or 1950s . The value of old artifacts has increased , because the objects used to be considered old-fashioned and every day . In this case ‘ retro ' indicates a value , which is also partly why today 's retailers produce new objects in an old style .
Graphic design , typography , and packaging
Long before the use of the word ‘ retro ' , graphic design made reference to earlier graphic characteristics . William Morris can be seen as an example : for book design and other purposes they adopted Medieval production and stylistic models in 1891 . Furthermore , in the beginning of the twentieth century , Gothic , Baroque and Rococo motifs were used for new products .
In typography , classicism has always been an influence and throughout the 20th century , and in early woodcut printing as well . The introduction of the technique of photocomposition in the 1960s allowed typographers greater flexibility in the selection and arrangement of type styles and sizes . For example , psychedelic typefaces were developed , gaining inspiration from Art Nouveau and other cultures . Historicist styles are also used in the promotion and packaging of food and household products , referring to childhood memories and domestic nostalgic ideals .
In logo designing , retro logos have taken quite the limelight in recent years . Brands have incorporated retro logos designs to highlight their brand voice and message : clean , classic , and reminiscent of the recent past .
Fashion design
In the 2000s and 2010s , there was a revival of pastel and neon colors , stereotypically associated with 1980s and early 1990s fashion ( with the 1980s pastel revival itself actually being a rebirth of a 1950s trend ) . Also at this time , late 1980s-style high-waisted mom jeans made a comeback with female hipsters . In the 2010s and 2020s , 1990s fashion has made a comeback : many of the fabrics and patterns ubiquitous in that decade ( such as crushed velvet and floral ) are popular now , and Dr. Martens , a shoe brand popular in the 1990s , also made a strong comeback in the early 2010s , as 2011–12 was the British company 's best-selling season of all-time .
Retro art
The style now called `` retro art '' is a genre of pop art which was developed from the 1940s to 1960s , in response to a need for bold , eye-catching graphics that were easy to reproduce on simple presses available at the time in major centres . Retro advertising art has experienced a resurgence in popularity since its style is distinctive from modern computer-generated styling . Contemporary artist Anne Taintor uses retro advertising art as the centerpiece for their ongoing commentary on the modern woman . Specific styling features include analog machine design , vintage television programs , etc .
Perhaps the most famous example of a retro pop-art character is the more generalized form of the Ward Cleaver-styled J. R. `` Bob '' Dobbs-esque icon which has been widely played off , copied , and parodied .
Media and culture
Film , music , fashion , and television
Foreshadowed by the Mothers of Invention album Cruising with Ruben & the Jets in 1968 , and the revival/parody group Sha Na Na in 1969 , the 1970s and 1980s brought about a 1950s–early 1960s revival with films and television shows such as American Graffiti , M * A * S * H , Grease , Happy Days and Peggy Sue Got Married set in this time period .
Retrogaming
Retrogaming is a pastime which is becoming increasingly popular where individuals play video games on vintage computers or a classic game console . What constitutes a vintage or retro machine is sometimes open to debate , but typically , most retro gamers are interested in Commodore 64 , Amiga 500 , Atari 2600 , NES , Sega Genesis/Mega Drive , PlayStation , Nintendo 64 , Dreamcast , SNES , and classic Game Boy games and consoles . Emulation often plays a part in retrogaming if the original hardware is unavailable .
Aircraft
A handful of airlines has chosen to paint a historical livery on a single selected aircraft in their modern fleet , typically as a marketing device or to commemorate an anniversary .
See also
List of retro style video game consoles
Nostalgia
Retrofuturism
Retrotronics
Retro-style automobile
Steampunk
Throwback uniform
Vintage ( design )
Notes
References
Robyns , Clem ( 1991 ) . `` Beyond the first dimension : recent tendencies in popular culture studies '' , in Joris Vlasselaers ( Ed . ) The Prince and the Frog , Leuven : ALW , 14–32 .
The Retro Store , 2018 : Website listing and displaying many retro related items .
Dermody , Brenda and Breathnach , Teresa ( 2009 ) . New Retro : classic graphics , today 's designs London : Thames & Hudson
Baker , Sarah Elsie ( 2012 ) . Retailing Retro . Class , cultural capital and the material practices of the ( re ) valuation of style in European Journal of Cultural Studies , 15 : 621 ,
Heller , Steven and Lasky , Julie ( 1993 ) . Borrowed Design : The Use and Abuse of Historical Form , New York : Wiley
Woodham , Jonathan M. ( 2004 ) . A Dictionary of Modern Design . Oxford : Oxford University Press
External links
Cultural trends
Nostalgia
1970s neologisms
Prequels
Regional Committee in Protection of Revolution in Ukraine ( ) was a short lived revolutionary organization preceding the Kiev revolutionary committee of Bolsheviks . It declared itself the supreme authority in Ukraine after the October Revolution . The committee was created on the night November 7-8 , 1917 at the closed door session of the Executive Committee of Central Council of Ukraine with representatives of revolutionary organizations of Ukraine . It was dissolved in a couple of days and transferred its authority of the General Secretariat of Ukraine .
Composition
The committee consisted of the following representatives from :
Central Council of Ukraine
All-Ukrainian Soviet of soldiers deputies
Ukrainian General Military Committee
Chief Railway Committee
National political parties
Soviets of workers and soldiers deputies of Kiev , Kharkov , Odessa , Yekaterinoslav
List of members : Mykola Porsh ( chairperson ) , Mykhailo Tkachenko , Oleksandr Sevryuk , Mykola Kovalevsky , Andriy Nikovsky , Fedir Matushevsky , Yuriy Pyatakov , Mykyta Shapoval , Solomon Goldelman , S.Saradzhev , Anatoliy Pisotsky , Symon Petlyura , Mykola Shumytsky , Mykhailo Telezhynsky , Hryhoriy Kasyanenko , Isaak Kreisberg , Volodymyr Zatonsky , Moisei Rafes , Moisei Zilbelfarb .
Development
On November 9 , 1917 in its announcement to residents of Ukraine the committee reported that it concentrate functions of central power in its hands and being responsible to the Central Council of Ukraine . The committee created a revolutionary headquarters for organization of military forces and presented a request to the commander of Kiev Military District Mikhail Kvetsinsky that all military units will be subordinated to the orders of the Ukrainian General Military Committee ( UHVK ) , while orders of a commander and district headquarters were controlled by a commissariat of nine people that the committee created . The committee also requested to depose the representative of the Provisional Government .
The committee , however , was not able to control the situation . The administration of the Kiev Military District ( KVO ) refused to recognize the committee and after the fall of the Provisional Government of Russia considered itself the only legitimate power in the city . It rejected the committee 's request and arrested its members of commissariat who were sent for negotiations . In order to reach a consensus with the headquarters of KVO , Symon Petlyura personally as the chairperson of UHVK arrived for negotiations . The district administration refused any further negotiations with the committee that included bolsheviks .
Committee dissolved
After the executive committee of Central Council of Ukraine condemned the Petrograd uprising on November 8 , 1917 adopting a resolution , next day Bolsheviks left the committee . The same day in support of the Petrograd uprising , they conducted a united session with representatives of soviets , trade unions and military units in the building of . The assembly created the Kiev city Bolshevik revolutionary committee in preparation to overthrow the power led by Leonid Pyatakov , brother of Yuri Pyatakov . On November 11 , 1917 the members of the new Bolshevik Kiev revolutionary committee were arrested .
In protest against further negotiations with the Kiev Military District , the members of the rest Ukrainian political parties left the regional committee as well . Due to such situation the committee was forced to dissolve and on November 10 , 1917 transferred its authority to the General Secretariat of Ukraine .
Bibliography
1917 in Kyiv : chronology of events . Kyiv , 1928
Ukrainian Central Council : Documents and materials . Vol.1 . Kyiv 1996
Soldatenko , V.F . Ukraine in the revolution times : historical essay-chronicles in four volumes , 1917 ( Україна у революційну добу . Рік 1917 ) . `` Svitohlyad '' . Kyiv , 2010 .
External links
Regional committee in protection of revolution in Ukraine at the website of Institute of history of Ukraine of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine .
October Revolution . Regional Committee in Protection of Revolution of the Ukrainian Central Council , 1917
History of Ukraine ( 1795–1918 )
History of Kyiv
Government of Ukraine
Russian Revolution in Ukraine
Organizations established in 1917
Organizations disestablished in 1917
1917 establishments in Ukraine
1917 disestablishments in Ukraine
Cobra is the common name of various snakes , most of which belong to the genus Naja .
Biology
All of the known cobras are venomous and many are capable of rearing upwards and producing a hood when threatened .
Other snakes known as `` cobras ''
While the members of the genus Naja constitute the true cobras , the name cobra is also applied to these other genera and species :
The rinkhals , ringhals or ring-necked spitting cobra ( Hemachatus haemachatus ) so-called for its neck band as well as its habit of rearing upwards and producing a hood when threatened
The king cobra or hamadryad ( Ophiophagus hannah )
The two species of tree cobras , Goldie 's tree cobra ( Pseudohaje goldii ) and the black tree cobra ( Pseudohaje nigra )
The two species of shield-nosed cobras , the Cape coral snake ( Aspidelaps lubricus ) and the shield-nosed cobra ( Aspidelaps scutatus )
The two species of black desert cobras or desert black snakes , Walterinnesia aegyptia and Walterinnesia morgani , neither of which rears upwards and produces a hood when threatened
The eastern coral snake or American cobra ( Micrurus fulvius ) , which also does not rear upwards and produce a hood when threatened
The false water cobra ( Hydrodynastes gigas ) is the only `` cobra '' species that is not a member of the Elapidae . It does not rear upwards , produces only a slight flattening of the neck when threatened , and is only mildly venomous .
References
Broad-concept articles
Snakes
Predators
Hell or Clean Water is a Canadian documentary film , directed by Cody Westman and released in 2021 . The film centres on Shawn Bath , a diver in Newfoundland and Labrador who has organized the Clean Harbours Initiative to clean up garbage on the ocean floor .
The film premiered at the 2021 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival , where it was named one of five winners of the Rogers Audience Award .
References
External links
2021 films
2021 documentary films
Canadian documentary films
Films shot in Newfoundland and Labrador
Documentary films about water and the environment
2020s English-language films
2020s Canadian films
The Jean-Pellez Stadium is an indoor stadium of athletics of 6 462 m2 located in the greater Clermont-Ferrand in the commune of Aubière . It was inaugurated on 28 September 2002 by Serge Godard , Mayor of Clermont-Ferrand . This indoor stadium has hosted several times the Indoor Athletics Championships Of France .
History
The stadium is named for Jean Pellez , an athlete born in 1939 in Auvergne Valenciennes and who died in September 1998 , who ran in several tournaments including the 800 meters in 1963 .
Characteristics
It hosts regional , national , and even global athletic competitions , including the Athletics Indoor Championships in France .
Other sports are practiced like gymnastics or fencing .
Numbers
Its occupancy rate has reached 97 % which is the highest for an indoor French stadium [ ref . obsolete ]
Capacity 2 700 places
notes and references
Annexes
: document used as a source for writing this article .
Athletics ( track and field ) venues in France
Sports venues completed in 2002
Sports venues in Puy-de-Dôme
Sports venues in Clermont-Ferrand
The Torre de la Parada is a former hunting lodge that was located in present-day Monte de El Pardo in Fuencarral-El Pardo , near the Royal Palace of El Pardo , some way outside Madrid in the Sierra de Guadarrama . It was mostly destroyed by fire when taken in 1714 by Austrian troops in the War of Spanish Succession , though the ruins remain .
History
It was first built in 1547-49 , with Luis de Vega as the architect . During the years 1635–40 it was a site for a major architectural and decorative project by King Philip IV of Spain who was a great hunting enthusiast . They commissioned the Spanish architect Juan Gómez de Mora to renovate it in 1636 , and had it decorated by leading painters , including Rubens and Velázquez , who contributed some of their `` jester '' portraits , including The Jester Don John of Austria , The Jester Don Diego de Acedo , Portrait of Francisco Lezcano and Portrait of Pablo de Valladolid . Their Aesop and Menippus are also thought to have been intended for the lodge , as well as several of their well-known portraits of the royal family relaxed in hunting or riding clothes , including Prince Balthasar Charles as a Hunter .
Rubens was commissioned in 1636 to produce sixty mythological paintings , which they managed to do in about 18 months , assisted by Jacob Jordaens , Cornelis de Vos , Peter Snayers , Thomas Willeboirts Bosschaert , Theodoor van Thulden , Jan Boeckhorst and others , working to their designs . Forty of the paintings survive , as well as many of Rubens ' oil sketches and drawings . Most of all these works are in the Prado in Madrid .
The best paintings were later moved elsewhere , especially in 1710 , but in 1806 a travel book describes paintings by the Flemish painters Paul de Vos , Erasmus Quellinus II , Thomas Willeboirts Bosschaert , Jan Cossiers , and `` Yoris '' ( possibly Joris van Son who worked with Erasmus Quellinus ) .
Notes
References
`` Prado '' Prado Museum `` Torre de La Parada '' ( in Spanish )
Tinterow , Gary , Manet/Velázquez : The French Taste for Spanish Painting , Metropolitan Museum of Art , 2003 , , 9781588390400
Further reading
Alpers , Svetlana , The Decoration of the Torre de la Parada , Corpus Rubenianum Ludwig Burchard ( HMCRLB 9 ) , 1978 , Harvey Miller ,
Vlieghe , Hans , `` Jacob Jordaens 's Activity for the Torre de la Parada '' , The Burlington Magazine , Vol . 110 , No . 782 ( May , 1968 ) , pp . 262–265+267-268 , JSTOR
External links
History of Madrid
Palaces in Madrid
Royal residences in Spain
Demolished buildings and structures in Madrid
Buildings and structures completed in 1549
Buildings and structures completed in 1636
Herrerian architecture
Hunting lodges
1549 establishments in Spain
Buildings and structures demolished in 1714
1714 disestablishments in Spain
The Royal College of Ophthalmologists , founded in 1988 , is an independent professional body and one of the Medical Royal Colleges . They set the standards and examinations for medical doctors aiming to become ophthalmologists , and provide surgical skills training , as well as services to those who have completed their training .
History
Historically , treatments for eye diseases were the preserve of much itinerant charlatanry , such as 'couching ' , or displacement of dense cataract with a needle , which led to brief improvements but very high complications and blindness in more than 70 % , although the Sushruta Samhita described improvements to this as far back as 800 BC . The return of many soldiers from Napoleonic campaigns suffering an epidemic of trachoma , however , spurred the foundation of Moorfields Eye Hospital in 1805 by surgeon John Cunningham Saunders , with encouragement from Astley Cooper .
This led to institutions in Exeter , Bristol and Manchester , and a second in London , by 1816 . This in turn led to the opening of ophthalmology departments in general hospitals during the 19th century . Despite this and the appointment of John Freke back in 1727 as the first surgeon specialising in eye diseases , many ophthalmologists of the day did not fully specialise and ophthalmology remained as a branch of general surgery under the ægis of the Royal College of Surgeons of England .
As the specialisation of the field increased , the Ophthalmological Society of the United Kingdom was founded in 1890 by Sir William Bowman , which held annual scientific meetings to further ophthalmic practice . The Faculty of Ophthalmologists was founded as a professional body in 1946 by Sir Stewart Duke-Elder as an offshoot of the Royal College of Surgeons . These two institutions merged in 1988 to form the College of Ophthalmologists ; royal licence was granted five years later .
The college was based in 17 Cornwall Terrace , Regent 's Park in London , walking distance from the Royal College of Physicians , but has relocated to larger premises in 18–20 Stephenson Way near the Royal College of General Practitioners and Euston Station .
Today
The College sets and examines standards for training as an ophthalmologist in the UK and is the only College whose qualification leads to access to the GMC Specialist Register in Ophthalmology ( CCST ) and publishes the research journal Eye , part of the Nature Publishing Group . It also represents ophthalmologists working and training in the UK .
Fulfilling the requirements set by the College entitles doctors to the following post-nominal letters in increasing seniority :
Membership ( MRCOphth )
Fellowship ( FRCOphth )
Membership , once a prerequisite for fellowship , is becoming a separate qualification demonstrating core ophthalmological knowledge , as training in the UK has largely eliminated the SHO/registrar distinction in the field . Fellowship of the college ( or its Scottish equivalents ) is a necessary ( but not sufficient ) prerequisite for qualifying from training in the UK . It is also considered broadly equivalent to similar qualifications in the Commonwealth such as FRANZCO and the FRCSI ( Ophth ) .
As a surgical speciality , and having originated as part of the Royal College of Surgeons , fellows generally take the title Mr , Mrs , Miss or Ms , rather than Dr , although there are exceptions .
The college also offers the Certificate in Laser Refractive Surgery as an additional qualification , and the Duke-Elder Prize Examination , a yearly competitive examination for medical undergraduates in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland .
The president to 2020 was Michael Burdon , who has passed the role on to Bernie Chang .
In January 2020 Mike Burdon , the college President at the time , said the specialty was in a “ predictable mess ” after it was reported that large numbers of patients had suffered permanent or long-term harm to their eyes after waiting too long for a follow-up appointment . They said “ fundamentally there are not enough doctors , equipment or space ” . There were 150 vacant posts for consultant ophthalmologists because there not enough training posts . Increases in the number of patients with glaucoma , macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy has led to increased demand of around 6 % a year .
References
External links
Eye care in the United Kingdom
Health in the London Borough of Camden
Medical associations based in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the London Borough of Camden
Ophthalmologists
Ophthalmologists
Jennifer Brien is a talk radio host based in Providence , Rhode Island . They were born and raised in Woonsocket , Rhode Island and served six years in the Army Military Police ( MP ) K-9 Unit .
Career
Brien formerly hosted their own show on weekdays from 1:00-3:00 p.m. on WRKO in Boston , Massachusetts . They were replaced by Michele McPhee , who returned to WRKO on June 11 , 2012 .
Brien was named as the `` permanent replacement '' for the retired Steve Leveille on weekends from midnight-5:00 a.m. on WBZ in Boston . The Jen Brien Show began on June 25 , 2013 and lasted for three months . On October 2 , 2013 , it was announced that the show would no longer air on WBZ . Fill-in host Morgan White , Jr. read a statement from WBZ program director Peter Casey saying that the station had re-evaluated its programming , and to better serve its overnight listeners , Brien
would no longer air . Casey wrote that White , Jr. would be temporarily replacing Brien for the rest of the week and more information about the overnight show would be announced later .
Brien formerly co-hosted a weekday morning talk show on WHJJ in Providence with Ron St. Pierre . They have also hosted shows on WCOD-FM and WXTK in Cape Cod , Massachusetts , and WHAM of Rochester , New York .
In 2021 , Jen launched a podcast with Rhode Island Radio Hall Of Famer Ron St. Pierre , called `` Ron and Jen 's Great Escape '' .
References
American women journalists
American talk radio hosts
Women radio presenters
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Radio personalities from Boston
21st-century American women
Viroids are small single-stranded , circular RNAs that are infectious pathogens . Unlike viruses , they have no protein coating . All known viroids are inhabitants of angiosperms ( flowering plants ) , and most cause diseases , whose respective economic importance to humans varies widely .
The first discoveries of viroids in the 1970s triggered the historically third major extension of the biosphere—to include smaller lifelike entities —after the discoveries in 1675 by Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ( of the `` subvisible '' microorganisms ) and in 1892–1898 by Dmitri Iosifovich Ivanovsky and Martinus Beijerinck ( of the `` submicroscopic '' viruses ) .
The unique properties of viroids have been recognized by the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses , in creating a new order of subviral agents .
The first recognized viroid , the pathogenic agent of the potato spindle tuber disease , was discovered , initially molecularly characterized , and named by Theodor Otto Diener , plant pathologist at the U.S Department of Agriculture 's Research Center in Beltsville , Maryland , in 1971 . This viroid is now called potato spindle tuber viroid , abbreviated PSTVd . The Citrus exocortis viroid ( CEVd ) was discovered soon thereafter , and together understanding of PSTVd and CEVd shaped the concept of the viroid .
Although viroids are composed of nucleic acid , they do not code for any protein . The viroid 's replication mechanism uses RNA polymerase II , a host cell enzyme normally associated with synthesis of messenger RNA from DNA , which instead catalyzes `` rolling circle '' synthesis of new RNA using the viroid 's RNA as a template . Viroids are often ribozymes , having catalytic properties that allow self-cleavage and ligation of unit-size genomes from larger replication intermediates .
Diener initially hypothesized in 1989 that viroids may represent `` living relics '' from the widely assumed , ancient , and non-cellular RNA world , and others have followed this conjecture . Following the discovery of retrozymes , it is now thought that viroids and other viroid-like elements may derive from this newly found class of retrotransposon .
The human pathogen hepatitis D virus is a subviral agent similar in structure to a viroid .
Taxonomy
:
Family Pospiviroidae
Genus Pospiviroid ; type species : Potato spindle tuber viroid ; 356–361 nucleotides ( nt )
Tomato chlorotic dwarf viroid ; ( TCDVd ) ; accession AF162131 , genome length 360nt
Mexican papita viroid ; ( MPVd ) ; accession L78454 , genome length 360nt
Tomato planta macho viroid ; ( TPMVd ) ; accession K00817 , genome length 360nt
Citrus exocortis viroid ; 368–467 nt
Chrysanthemum stunt viroid ; ( CSVd ) ; accession V01107 , genome length 356nt
Tomato apical stunt viroid ; ( TASVd ) ; accession K00818 , genome length 360nt
Iresine 1 viroid ; ( IrVd-1 ) ; accession X95734 , genome length 370nt
Columnea latent viroid ; ( CLVd ) ; accession X15663 , genome length 370nt
Genus Hostuviroid ; type species : Hop stunt viroid ; 294–303 nt
Genus Cocadviroid ; type species : Coconut cadang-cadang viroid ; 246–247 nt
Coconut tinangaja viroid ; ( CTiVd ) ; accession M20731 , genome length 254nt
Hop latent viroid ; ( HLVd ) ; accession X07397 , genome length 256nt
Citrus IV viroid ; ( CVd-IV ) ; accession X14638 , genome length 284nt
Genus Apscaviroid ; type species : Apple scar skin viroid ; 329–334 nt
Citrus III viroid ; ( CVd-III ) ; accession AF184147 , genome length 294nt
Apple dimple fruit viroid ; ( ADFVd ) ; accession X99487 , genome length 306nt
Grapevine yellow speckle 1 viroid ; ( GVYSd-1 ) ; accession X06904 , genome length 367nt
Grapevine yellow speckle 2 viroids ; ( GVYSd-2 ) ; accession J04348 , genome length 363nt
Citrus bent leaf viroid ; ( CBLVd ) ; accession M74065 , genome length 318nt
Pear blister canker viroid ; ( PBCVd ) ; accession D12823 , genome length 315nt
Australian grapevine viroid ; ( AGVd ) ; accession X17101 , genome length 369nt
Genus Coleviroid ; type species : Coleus blumei viroid 1 ; 248–251 nt
Coleus blumei 2 viroids ; ( CbVd-2 ) ; accession X95365 , genome length 301nt
Coleus blumei 3 viroids ; ( CbVd-3 ) ; accession X95364 , genome length 361nt
Family Avsunviroidae
Genus Avsunviroid ; type species : Avocado sunblotch viroid ; 246–251 nt
Genus Pelamoviroid ; type species : Peach latent mosaic viroid ; 335–351 nt
Genus Elaviroid ; type species : Eggplant latent viroid ; 332–335 nt
Transmission and replication
Viroids only infect plants , and infectious viroids can be transmitted to new plant hosts by aphids , by cross contamination following mechanical damage to plants as a result of horticultural or agricultural practices , or from plant to plant by leaf contact . Upon infection , viroids replicate in the nucleus ( Pospiviroidae ) or chloroplasts ( Avsunviroidae ) of plant cells in three steps through an RNA-based mechanism . They require RNA polymerase II , a host cell enzyme normally associated with synthesis of messenger RNA from DNA , which instead catalyzes `` rolling circle '' synthesis of new RNA using the viroid as template .
Unlike plant viruses which produce movement proteins , viroids are entirely passive , relying entirely on the host . This is useful in the study of RNA kinetics in plants .
RNA silencing
There has long been uncertainty over how viroids induce symptoms in plants without encoding any protein products within their sequences . Evidence suggests that RNA silencing is involved in the process . First , changes to the viroid genome can dramatically alter its virulence . This reflects the fact that any siRNAs produced would have less complementary base pairing with target messenger RNA . Secondly , siRNAs corresponding to sequences from viroid genomes have been isolated from infected plants . Finally , transgenic expression of the noninfectious hpRNA of potato spindle tuber viroid develops all the corresponding viroid-like symptoms . This indicates that when viroids replicate via a double stranded intermediate RNA , they are targeted by a dicer enzyme and cleaved into siRNAs that are then loaded onto the RNA-induced silencing complex . The viroid siRNAs contain sequences capable of complementary base pairing with the plant 's own messenger RNAs , and induction of degradation or inhibition of translation causes the classic viroid symptoms .
Retroviroids
Retroviroids and retroviroid-like elements are viroids , which are RNA that have a DNA homologue . These entities are thought to be largely exclusive to the carnation , Dianthus caryophyllus , that are closely related to the family of viruses termed 'carnation small viroid-like RNA ' ( CarSV RNA ) . These elements may act as a homologous substrate upon which recombination may occur and are linked to double-stranded break repair . These elements are dubbed retroviroids as the homologous DNA is generated by reverse transcriptase that is encoded by retroviruses .
RNA world hypothesis
Diener 's 1989 hypothesis had proposed that the unique properties of viroids make them more plausible macromolecules than introns , or other RNAs considered in the past as possible `` living relics '' of a hypothetical , pre-cellular RNA world . If so , viroids have assumed significance beyond plant virology for evolutionary theory , because their properties make them more plausible candidates than other RNAs to perform crucial steps in the evolution of life from inanimate matter ( abiogenesis ) . Diener 's hypothesis was mostly forgotten until 2014 , when it was resurrected in a review article by Flores et al. , in which the authors summarized Diener 's evidence supporting their hypothesis as :
Viroids ' small size , imposed by error-prone replication .
Their high guanine and cytosine content , which increases stability and replication fidelity .
Their circular structure , which assures complete replication without genomic tags .
Existence of structural periodicity , which permits modular assembly into enlarged genomes .
Their lack of protein-coding ability , consistent with a ribosome-free habitat .
Replication mediated in some by ribozymes—the fingerprint of the RNA world .
The presence , in extant cells , of RNAs with molecular properties predicted for RNAs of the RNA world constitutes another powerful argument supporting the RNA world hypothesis . However , the origins of viroids themselves from this RNA world has been cast into doubt by several factors , including the discovery of retrozymes ( a family of retrotransposon likely representing their ancestors ) and their complete absence from organisms outside of the plants ( especially their complete absence from prokaryotes including bacteria and archaea ) .
Control
The development of tests based on ELISA , PCR , and nucleic acid hybridization has allowed for rapid and inexpensive detection of known viroids in biosecurity inspections , phytosanitary inspections , and quarantine . However , the ongoing discovery and evolution of new viroids makes such assays always incomplete .
History
In the 1920s , symptoms of a previously unknown potato disease were noticed in New York and New Jersey fields . Because tubers on affected plants become elongated and misshapen , they named it the potato spindle tuber disease .
The symptoms appeared on plants onto which pieces from affected plants had been budded—indicating that the disease was caused by a transmissible pathogenic agent . A fungus or bacterium could not be found consistently associated with symptom-bearing plants , however , and therefore , it was assumed the disease was caused by a virus . Despite numerous attempts over the years to isolate and purify the assumed virus , using increasingly sophisticated methods , these were unsuccessful when applied to extracts from potato spindle tuber disease-afflicted plants .
In 1971 Theodor O. Diener showed that the agent was not a virus , but a totally unexpected novel type of pathogen , 1/80th the size of typical viruses , for which they proposed the term `` viroid '' . Parallel to agriculture-directed studies , more basic scientific research elucidated many of viroids ' physical , chemical , and macromolecular properties . Viroids were shown to consist of short stretches ( a few hundred nucleobases ) of single-stranded RNA and , unlike viruses , did not have a protein coat . Compared with other infectious plant pathogens , viroids are extremely small in size , ranging from 246 to 467 nucleobases ; they thus consist of fewer than 10,000 atoms . In comparison , the genomes of the smallest known viruses capable of causing an infection by themselves are around 2,000 nucleobases long .
In 1976 , Sänger et al . presented evidence that potato spindle tuber viroid is a `` single-stranded , covalently closed , circular RNA molecule , existing as a highly base-paired rod-like structure '' —believed to be the first such molecule described . Circular RNA , unlike linear RNA , forms a covalently closed continuous loop , in which the 3 ' and 5 ' ends present in linear RNA molecules have been joined . Sänger et al . also provided evidence for the true circularity of viroids by finding that the RNA could not be phosphorylated at the 5 ' terminus . In other tests , they failed to find even one free 3 ' end , which ruled out the possibility of the molecule having two 3 ' ends . Viroids thus are true circular RNAs .
The single-strandedness and circularity of viroids was confirmed by electron microscopy , The complete nucleotide sequence of potato spindle tuber viroid was determined in 1978 . PSTVd was the first pathogen of a eukaryotic organism for which the complete molecular structure has been established . Over thirty plant diseases have since been identified as viroid- , not virus-caused , as had been assumed .
Four additional viroids or viroid-like RNA particles were discovered between 2009 and 2015 .
In 2014 , New York Times science writer Carl Zimmer published a popularized piece that mistakenly credited Flores et al . with the hypothesis ' original conception .
See also
References
External links
Viroids/ATSU
ViroidDB , a database of viroids and viroid-like circular RNAs
Bogardus Snowden `` Bugs '' Cairns was a U.S. Army cavalry officer who served as the Commanding General of Fort Rucker , Alabama , and as Commandant of the Army Aviation School in 1957–1958 . They were one of the key developers of the armed helicopter and the first to formally apply cavalry doctrine to Air Mobility . After their death in a helicopter crash while serving as the CG of Fort Rucker on December 9 , 1958 , Ozark Field was renamed Cairns Army Airfield in January 1959 . They were en route to Matteson Range to observe a firepower rehearsal in preparation for a full-scale armed helicopter display .
Early life
MG Cairns was born to a career Army doctor , lieutenant-colonel Douglas Walker Cairns and their wife , Ethel Moore Cairns , on February 14 , 1910 , in Brooklyn , New York . Their father , LTC Cairns went on Active Duty during the First World War , beginning over 100 years of unbroken Active Duty Service among their descendants . Dr. Cairns was with Gen. John J . `` Blackjack '' Pershing during the Pancho Villa expedition and subsequently at Governor 's Island , New York . Bugs Cairns and their brother , COL ( Army Air Corps and USAF ) Douglas Moore Cairns , graduated from West Point in 1932 and 1933 respectively . Cairns was named for two of their ancestors , Brigadier General Robert Bogardus , who had been in charge of the defense of New York during the War of 1812 , and their great uncle , Colonel Robert Bogardus Snowden , who had been the tip of Longstreet 's spear at the Battle of Chickamauga during the Civil War . They were descended from Captain Robert Walker , an officer in the American Revolution , as well as Lieutenant James Frisbie , who lost their lives under the command of John Paul Jones on the Bon Homme Richard in the engagement with the Serapis . They were descended from Dominie Everardus Bogardus , the first Dutch Reformed pastor in New Amsterdam who arrived in 1634 , and Isaac Snowden , one of the treasurers of the Continental Congress and the Treasurer of the City of Philadelphia .
After graduating from West Point , then LT Cairns was assigned to the cavalry , spending much of the 1930s on horseback at Fort Riley , Kansas . Their father was then stationed at Fort Riley when Bugs Cairns attended the Advanced Equitation Course there in 1937–1938 . Had it not been for the outbreak of World War II , Cairns would have attended the 1940 Olympic Games , representing the United States as a pentathlete . They had won the National Rifle Association 's Leech Cup , at which event they met their future wife , Doris Brougher , daughter of BG William E. Brougher , while their future father-in-law served as the judge of the event . BG Brougher was later captured by the Japanese in the Philippines , felt they had been deserted by Gen. Douglas MacArthur , and they served the remainder of the war as a P.O.W . Both of Gen. Cairns ' sisters married Army officers , and nearly all are buried with their spouses in the same section of Arlington National Cemetery , Section 11 , with their parents .
World War II
After the outbreak of World War II , and following promotion to Lieutenant Colonel , Cairns served as both the Executive Officer and S-3 Operations Officer of the 13th Armored Regiment of the 1st Armored Division under the command of Colonel Paul M. Robinett , serving with Task Force Green as a part of the Center Task Force during Operation Torch , the invasion of North Africa . During the invasion of Oran , Cairns planned and executed the operation , being one of the first to set foot on enemy territory from a landing craft as an example to the men , as recorded by Major Wayne D. Smart in one of LTC Cairns ' citations . In the drive into Tunisia , COL Robinett became Major General Lunsford E. Oliver 's deputy commander of Combat Command B , Center Task Force , and the staff of the 13th became Gen. Oliver 's staff , keeping then LTC Cairns as the Executive Officer/S3 for all Combat Command B . When Robinett took command of Combat Command B , there was no change , leaving LTC Cairns as the Executive Officer during the successful repulse of a German force during the Battle of Kasserine Pass near Sbeitla , about which Field Marshall Erwin Rommel afterward remarked that it had been `` clever and well fought . '' It was during this time that then LTC Cairns fought alongside future four-star General Hamilton Howze , at the time the G3 of General Orlando Ward , and their bond of mutual respect that had begun while they were Cadets at West Point would last throughout the North African and Italian Campaigns of WWII and far beyond .
As a part of Combat Command B , LTC Cairns was later involved in the breakout from Anzio and the advance toward Rome under the command of then Colonel Ham Howze . The Howze Task Force , under the 5th Army 's Command , Gen. Mark W. Clark , was the first into Rome , specifically Companies A and H of the 3rd Battalion , 13th Armored Regiment now under the command of LTC Bogardus Cairns . According to both the Battle History of the 1st Armored Division by George F. Howe , in addition to the battlefield diary of LTC Cairns , Cairns ' command was the first into Rome , and Gens . Clark and Keyes drove up to Cairns ' position , eager to press the attack . Gen. Clark approved of Cairns ' disposition and plan , but left Gen. Keyes with Cairns ' battalion , `` who urged another attempt at the enemy roadblock '' while Gen. Clark urged `` speedy occupation of the bridges in Rome . '' The units south of Rome did not encounter the stiff resistance that LTC Cairns ' 3rd Battalion encountered in the east , but they nevertheless entered at approximately the same time , with Cairns being the first .
For their part in the North African and Italian Campaigns , LTC Cairns was awarded the Legion of Merit for their service as Executive and Operations Officer of the Thirteenth Armored Regiment and Combat Command B , First Armored Division , from February 1942 to May 1943 . The citation reads : `` during this period , Lieutenant Colonel Cairns exhibited exemplary judgment and foresight in the planning and in the execution of the movement of the regiment to the European Theater of Operations and subsequently to North Africa . Throughout the African Campaign , from Merse Bou Zedjar to the capture of Mateur and the advance to the sea , they continued their meritorious service , assisting in the successful planning of the movement in Tunisia , and of operations in the Medjez el Bab-Tebourba area , in the Ousseltia Valley , at Sbeitla , in the recapture of Kasserine Pass , at Maknassey , and at Mateur . Their outstanding ability in performing all missions assigned reflected the greatest credit upon themselves and the armed forces of the United States . ''
They were awarded the Bronze Star for the invasion of North Africa ; they were awarded the French Croix de Guerre in 1943 for their role in the invasion . They received a military award of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire on May 7 , 1943 for their role in North Africa . They were awarded their first Oak Leaf Cluster for gallantry during the liberation of Rome , May 24-June 4 , 1944 , and they were awarded their second Oak Leaf Cluster for gallantry during the pursuit of the enemy following the liberation of Rome , June 20 to July 1 , 1944 .
Post War
Following Gen. Hamilton Howze 's association with the newly emerging field of post-war Army Aviation after the creation of the Air Force , they immediately drew on their trust in one of their former lieutenants . Cairns , now a Brigadier General , was commanding Base Section , COMZ , in La Rochelle , France of US Army Europe , then under the command of Gen. Anthony McAuliffe , when Gen. Howze called upon them to be the 2nd Commandant of the US Army Aviation School and Commanding General at the new home of Army Aviation : Fort Rucker , Alabama . While there , Cairns became the first to apply cavalry doctrine to the Armed helicopter : `` As an old cavalry officer , Cairns possessed a 1936 cavalry manual , and offered it as a possible guide . It turned out to be a perfect aid to selling the concept . 'We knew what we wanted to do , but [ Cairns ] also knew that it would be more convincing . . . when put in words that old cavalrymen could understand . Therefore , we took the 1936 yellowback cavalry manual and went from horses to tanks to trucks . We took the horse cavalry portion of it , and substituted helicopters for horses , using the same language , the same terminology . It was well received . Older soldiers , I mean two , three and four-star generals , could understand the language of their day , of the late '30s . ''
Just as they were truly hitting the stride of their career , having changed fighting platforms from horses , to tanks , to helicopters in the span of fewer than three decades , MG Cairns was killed immediately after take-off while flying solo in their Bell H-13 Sioux helicopter to view a firepower demonstration . Although erroneously reported to have been due to carburetor icing in W.E.B . Griffin 's The Majors , a fiction perpetuated to this day , they had in fact hit a wire that had been hung unmarked between two trees . They died instantly , cutting short a brilliant career military career . They were only 48 years old . Credit for the development of Air Cavalry would posthumously go to others , especially to their old WWII commander , Gen. Hamilton Howze—who chaired the Howze Board , also known as the Tactical Mobility Requirements Board , commissioned by then Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara—credit for which Cairns would not have begrudged him—they had known each other since 1928 at West Point .
References
United States Army generals
United States Army personnel of World War II
1910 births
1958 deaths
Luxembourg competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 . Tom Habscheid earned the best result for the country with a 7th place in men 's shot put F42 .
Athletics
Men 's Field
Cycling
Road
See also
Luxembourg at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Luxembourgian sport
Wait for Me ( ) , written by the Russian poet and playwright turned war correspondent Konstantin Simonov , is one of the best known Russian World War II poems . The poem was written by Simonov in 1941 after they left their love Valentina Serova behind to take on their new duties of war correspondent on the battlefront .
One of the most popular poems ever written in Russia , Wait for Me was especially popular with the frontoviks ( front-line soldiers ) in the Great Patriotic War , as Russians call World War II . Most frontoviks knew Wait for Me by heart , and it was very common for frontoviks to carry a locket with a picture of their wives or girlfriends in it , which a copy of Wait for Me was wrapped around , as a sign of their desire to return to their loved ones and to survive the war . Many soldiers seemed to believe that this would somehow how help them to survive the war , as if declaring their love would protect them and ensure that they would get back home .
In 1942 Aleksandr Lokshin composed a symphonic poem for mezzo-soprano and orchestra on the verses of Wait for me . Lokshin composed later a version of the same work for baritone , piano and flute-piccolo .
The poem was notably referenced in `` Red Star : The Soviet Union ( 1941–1943 ) '' , the eleventh episode of the ITV documentary series The World at War .
On Sept. 21 , 2016 , computer game developer Wargaming/Lesta Studio have published on their youtube channel the World of Warships cinematic game trailer dedicated to the Day of Peace , featuring the poem .
Notes
External links
Жди меня
Wait for me
Warte auf mich
Wart auf mi ( Bavarian )
Excerpt from World at War at youtube.com Retrieved March 18 , 2010
Russian poems
1941 poems
World War II poems
Francis Henry Facer ( 8 August 1919 – 16 January 1978 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1940s and 1950s at North Sydney and St George . After they retired from playing , they became a noted sports administrator at St George from 1956 until 1978 . There they were instrumental in finding and bringing to the club many future stars and played a pivotal role in building a club structure that supported a sustained record of success .
Playing career
North Sydney
Born and bred in Naremburn , New South Wales to parent Albert and Violet Facer , Frank Facer became a first grade rugby league player in Sydney . Facer was graded at Norths in 1938 , and went on to play over 130 games in all graded for Norths . They were a hooker in the North Sydney 1943 Grand Final loss to Newtown although they had been restricted in the game due to a leg injury . Facer played seven seasons in first grade with North Sydney between 1940 and 1946 , the last four of which they played at hooker .
St. George Dragons
Dragons stalwart , 'Snowy ' Justice had enticed Facer to join the St George Dragons in 1947 and they played four seasons with the Saints between 1947 and 1950 . Their only representative appearance was in 1945 , when they played for City against Country NSW . Facer retired a year after winning the 1949 Premiership with St George Dragons but it was in club administration that they became famous .
Administrative career
Initially a club selector in 1951 , they were made Hon . Club Secretary ( replacing Ken McKenzie ) and NSWRFL delegate in 1956 . In December 1964 they quit their job on the railways to take up a full-time position as secretary-treasurer , the second person to become a full-time official in the game after Manly-Warringah 's Ken Arthurson . Facer and their staff nurtured the young talent at St George while scouting locally and internationally for talented players to keep the club competitive . The St George Dragons won twelve premierships under their management—eleven from 1956 to 1966 and another in 1977 . Facer was responsible for bringing many famous players to , and keeping them at the club , and their recruitment was seen as a key factor in the club 's success . They were a highly regarded sports administrator who built a supportive environment in the club for the players and their families ; demonstrated regard for the players financial welfare and who was a skillful negotiator and a balanced disciplinarian . They were a member of the NSWRFL board for many years , and was awarded Life Membership of the St. George Dragons Club in 1964 .
Death
Frank Facer fought cancer for a number of years before their death . In the middle of the 1970s they lost a leg to the disease , but battled on until their health declined by late 1977 , although they did live to see their beloved St. George Dragons win the 1977 Premership .
Facer died at the Gloucester House at Royal Prince Alfred Hospital in Camperdown on 16 January 1978 . It was a sad day for the St George club with many people turning up for their funeral at Woronora Crematorium , Sutherland on the 18 January 1978 . Their wake was held at St George Leagues Club , where press reports of the time stated that over 2000 attended .
References
Australian rugby league players
North Sydney Bears players
St. George Dragons players
Australian rugby league administrators
City New South Wales rugby league team players
1919 births
1978 deaths
Rugby league hookers
Charles L. Moore Jr. ( born October 3 , 1966 ) is a retired United States Air Force lieutenant general who last served as deputy commander of the United States Cyber Command . They previously are the Deputy Director for Global Operations of the Joint Staff . In July 2020 , the United States Senate confirmed their promotion to lieutenant general and nomination to become the deputy commander of the Cyber Command , replacing United States Navy Vice Admiral Ross A. Myers .
Awards and decorations
Effective dates of promotions
References
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
United States Air Force generals
Major generals
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
1966 births
Michael Epkenhans ( b . 1955 at Wiedenbrück , Germany ) is a German military historian known for their works dealing with the German Imperial Navy . They were the director of the Otto-von-Bismarck-Stiftung in Friedrichsruh from 1996 to 2009 . In February 2009 they became the director of research for the Militärgeschichtliches Forschungsamt der Bundeswehr in Potsdam . Following a reorganisation in 2013 , the organisation became the Center for Military History and Social Sciences of the Bundeswehr .
Publications
Co-Editor with Jörg Hillmann and Frank Nägler : Skagerrakschlacht . Vorgeschichte - Ereignis - Verarbeitung , Beiträge zur Militärgeschichte , Band 66 ; Militärgeschichtliches Forschungsamt , Potsdam ; R. OLdenbourg Verlag , München , 2. , überarbeitete Auflage 2010
Tirpitz : Architect of the German High Seas Fleet , Potomac Books , Washington , DC 2008
Die wilhelminische Flottenrüstung 1908 - 1914 : Weltmachtstreben , industrieller Fortschritt , soziale Integration , R. Oldenbourg Verlag , Munich 1991
References
Living people
German military historians
German naval historians
1955 births
German male non-fiction writers
Military History Research Office ( Germany ) personnel
The following lists events that have happened in 1925 in the Qajar dynasty .
Incumbents
Shah : Ahmad Shah Qajar ( until December 15 ) , Reza Shah ( starting December 15 )
Prime Minister : Reza Shah ( until December 15 ) , Mohammad-Ali Foroughi ( starting December 15 )
Births
? - Ibrahim al-Musawi al-Zanjani , Islamic scholar and writer .
Deaths
April 5 – Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar died in Sanremo , Italy .
References
Iran
Years of the 20th century in Iran
1920s in Iran
Iran
Maung Rajan ( born 5 March 1935 ) is a Burmese racewalker . They competed in the men 's 50 kilometres walk at the 1964 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1935 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Burmese male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Myanmar
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Igor Joksimović ( ; born 16 August 1980 ) is a Bosnian Serb retired football striker .
Club career
They played in the youth team of Partizan . In 2002 move to home city and signed for FK Leotar where was champion in their first season . Scored one of the most important goals that season for title against Siroki Brijeg in last minute of the game . Good performance in few season in Leotar recommend them in Ukraine football 2005 . They had good experience in Asian football where play well for PSIS Semarang in The Highest Level Division in Indonesia on 2007 .
They signed for KF Shkumbini in January 2009 . However , they then quit the club on 20 May 2009 along with Cvete Deliovski , Ahmed Mujdragić , the club president and the club 's manager .
References
External links
Interview and career story in Glas Tb
1980 births
Living people
People from Trebinje
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football forwards
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
FK Partizan players
FK Leotar players
FK Rudar Ugljevik players
PSIS Semarang players
FC Hoverla Uzhhorod players
FK Zemun players
AC Oulu players
FC Ararat Yerevan players
KS Shkumbini Peqin players
FK Sloboda Tuzla players
FK Modriča players
NK Bratstvo Gračanica players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ykkönen players
Armenian Premier League players
Kategoria Superiore players
First League of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Armenia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Armenia
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Studentification may refer to :
The phenomenon in which a growing student population move in large numbers to traditionally non-student neighborhoods ; see College town ;
Studentization — adjustment of a statistic by dividing it by a sample-based estimate of its standard deviation .
Biała Druga is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Ahul is a Native American mythological figure of the Hopi people . They are the god of such things as the afterlife , germs , the sun , and the sky .
References
Hopi mythology
Thomas D. Baird ( July 14 , 1819 – June 9 , 1873 ) was an educator born in Newark , Ohio , United States . Baird was the first professor of mathematics of Westminster College , and the fifth principal of Baltimore City College . They died in Baltimore , Maryland .
Biography
Thomas D. Baird , the second son of the Presbyterian minister , Reverend Thomas D. Baird , was born on July 14 , 1819 in Newark , Ohio . Baird was educated at Jefferson College in Pennsylvania , where they received both their Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts .
In 1839 , they began their career as an educator by teaching mathematics in Baltimore , Maryland . During this time , they also studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1844 , although they were never a practicing lawyer . In 1847 , Baird became a professor of mathematics at Marshall College in Mercersburg , Pennsylvania . They held this position for three years before deciding to open a private school in Baltimore , which was devoted to the study of classics and mathematics . Baird presided over the school for four years before they were elected professor of mathematics at Westminster College in Missouri . They remained in this position for three years before returning to Baltimore to serve as the fifth principal and professor of moral and mental philosophy at the Central High School of Baltimore—later renamed Baltimore City College , the third oldest public high school in the United States . Baird held this position until their death on June 9 , 1873 .
Baird received a Ph.D. from Concordia College , Missouri and an LL.D . from Centre College , Kentucky .
Central High School of Baltimore
Under Baird 's leadership , the school underwent a series of improvements aimed at strengthening the caliber of students admitted to the school and the quality of education . Baird increased the rigor of entrance examinations to the school as well as standards required for promotion to the next grade . This was evidenced in their first year as principal , when only about a third of the first year class was promoted to the second year . Baird also brought about changes in discipline at the school . They eliminated corporal punishment , and instead instituted a system in which a student 's behavior was factored into their standing at the school .
In 1866 , under the recommendation of Baird , a process was begun to elevate the high school to the status of a college . The school was renamed the Baltimore City College and a five-year course of study was created , in addition to the standard four-year course . Despite the change , the school was never elevated , and in 1869 , Baird terminated the five-year course .
References
Baltimore City College faculty
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
Centre College alumni
Westminster College ( Missouri ) faculty
People from Newark , Ohio
1819 births
1873 deaths
Horiuchi ( written : ) is a Japanese surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Annick Horiuchi , French historian of mathematics
, Japanese ballet dancer and choreographer
Glenn Horiuchi ( 1955–2000 ) , American jazz pianist , composer , and shamisen player
, Japanese photographer
, Japanese sport wrestler
, Japanese comedian
, Japanese voice actor
Lon Horiuchi ( born 1954 ) , American FBI sniper
, Japanese actor
Mika Horiuchi ( born 1986 ) , American musician
, Japanese politician
Noriko Horiuchi ( ほりうち のりこ , born 1965 ) , Japanese politician
Paul Horiuchi ( 1906–1999 ) , Japanese-American painter and collagist
, Japanese rower
, Japanese pop and enka singer
, Japanese politician
, Imperial Japanese Navy officer
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese sport wrestler
See also
Horinouchi ( disambiguation )
Japanese-language surnames
Surnames of Asian origin
Eugene Roy Cater ( December 8 , 1923January 15 , 1990 ) was a Michigan politician .
Early life and education
Cater was born on December 8 , 1923 in St. Joseph , Missouri . Cater was of Danish ancestry . Cater was a graduate of Ludington High School .
Military career
Cater served in the United States Army during World War II . Cater then served as a United States Coast Guard Auxiliary . Cater was a member of the National Order of the Trench Rats and the Disabled American Veterans .
Career
Cater owned and operated a laundry in Ludington , Michigan . On November 4 , 1964 , Cater was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives , where they represented the 98th district from January 1 , 1965 to January 1 , 1967 . In May 1965 , Cater , along with Republican Stanley M. Powell , introduced House Bill 2297 , which sought to make the Petoskey stone Michigan 's state stone . The bill was passed by the state house on May 19 , 1965 . On June 28 , 1965 , the bill was signed by Michigan Governor George W. Romney during a ceremony which was attended by Cater and Powell . During the ceremony , Cater presented Governor Romney with a tie clasp and cufflink set made of Petoskey stones .
In 1975 , Cater moved from Ludington to Palmetto , Florida .
Personal life
In 1948 , Cater married Donna Mae Fenner . Together , they had one child . Cater later married Leota , and had three stepchildren . Cater was a member of the Elks , the Fraternal Order of Eagles , and the American Legion . Cater was also a Freemason . Cater was Lutheran .
Death
Cater died on January 15 , 1990 in Manatee Memorial Hospital in Bradenton , Florida . They were interred at Lakeview Cemetery in Ludington , Michigan .
References
1923 births
1990 deaths
American Freemasons
American Lutherans
American people of Danish descent
Burials in Michigan
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Michigan Democrats
Military personnel from Michigan
People from Ludington , Michigan
People from Palmetto , Florida
Politicians from St. Joseph , Missouri
United States Army personnel of World War II
20th-century American politicians
20th-century Lutherans
United States Coast Guard auxiliarists
Justin Sears ( born January 3 , 1994 ) is an American basketball player for s.Oliver Würzburg of the Basketball Bundesliga . They played college basketball for the Yale Bulldogs . They were named Ivy League Player of the Year twice , in 2015 and 2016 .
Early life
Justin was born to Ryan and Lorna Sears and brought up in Plainfield , New Jersey . They and their younger brother , Jordan , began playing tennis at age four , and their experience with the sport helped their footwork . Jordan started playing basketball in sixth grade , and Justin began playing for fun with the Catholic Youth Organization ( CYO ) at around the same time . Justin competed at a higher level in eighth grade , after their father 's friend encouraged them to play in a league in Plainfield . The Sears brothers later competed for both the basketball and tennis teams at Plainfield High School . Their wingspans helped them excel as a doubles tennis team . Even though they played sports for Plainfield , Justin officially attended the Academy for Information Technology in Scotch Plains , New Jersey , who did not have any sports teams . The academy was a branch of Union County Vocational Technical Schools .
High school career
As a basketball player at Plainfield High School , Sears finished with historical numbers of 1,048 points and 1,063 rebounds . They became the second player in school history to record over 1,000 in each category . In their sophomore season , Sears helped Plainfield make a postseason run , and in turn , drew the attention of colleges . As their junior season came to a close , they began receiving offers from NCAA Division I schools . As a senior , Sears averaged 13.4 points , 12.0 rebounds and 3.2 blocks , and they garnered first team all-state , all-area and all-county accolades . During their time with Plainfield , they led their team to two New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association ( NJSIAA ) Group III titles . They also appeared in the NJSIAA Tournament of Champions championship game two times , losing to St. Anthony High School on both occasions .
College career
On October 29 , 2011 , Sears committed to play college basketball at Yale University with the Bulldogs . They commented , `` Four years ago if you told me I was going to Yale , I would have started laughing at you . But looking at it now , it 's a great opportunity that 's been given to me . '' While at Yale , they were named Ivy League Player of the Year twice ( 2015 , 2016 ) . During their senior year they led the Bulldogs to their first NCAA Tournament in 54 years . During the Tournament , they helped lead the Bulldogs to an upset victory over Baylor in the first round before falling to Duke in the second round .
Professional career
Sears signed with Gießen 46ers in June 2016 . On July 12 , 2017 , Sears signed with MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg of the German Basketball Bundesliga for the 2017–18 season . On November 28 , 2018 Sears signed with EWE Baskets Oldenburg . They averaged 5.9 points and 3.1 rebounds per game during the 2019–20 season . On July 26 , 2020 , Sears parted ways with the team .
On August 14 , 2020 , Sears signed with s.Oliver Würzburg .
Personal life
Sears attended high school at The Academy For Information Technology in Scotch Plains , New Jersey . With the Plainfield High School basketball team , they were known to read books and do their homework in the locker room . They often prioritized their academics over their athletics , despite receiving offers from several NCAA Division I colleges . While finding a college , Sears tried to find a school that stood out both academically and in its athletics programs , with a professional basketball career being uncertain . In order for Justin to attend Yale University , the Sears family had to pay about $ 54,000 per year . At Yale , Sears has taken environmental politics and law classes . As of March 2016 , their major is undeclared , although they have previously shown interest in economics .
References
External links
German League profile
Yale Bulldogs bio
1994 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from New Jersey
Centers ( basketball )
EWE Baskets Oldenburg players
Gießen 46ers players
Riesen Ludwigsburg players
Plainfield High School ( New Jersey ) alumni
Power forwards ( basketball )
S.Oliver Würzburg players
Sportspeople from Plainfield , New Jersey
Yale Bulldogs men 's basketball players
Astur Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Oviedo , in the autonomous community of Asturias . Founded in 1923 and later re-founded in 1949 , it plays in Tercera División – Group 2 , holding home matches at Estadio Hermanos Llana , which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators .
History
In 2003 , Astur CF changed its name to Oviedo Astur Club de Fútbol ( more commonly known as Oviedo ACF ) and its colours to a blue shirt and white shorts , with the aim to substitute Real Oviedo , in that year relegated to Segunda División B and weeks later to Tercera División by financial debts .
After four seasons where Oviedo ACF played one time the promotion playoffs to Segunda División B , in 2007 the club decided to come back to the classical colours and denomination Astur CF .
Season to season
17 seasons in Tercera División
Notable former players
Berto
Francisco Castaño
Jaime Jordán
Dani López
Melendi
Notable former coaches
Enzo Ferrero
External links
Official website
Futbol en Asturias team profile
Futbolme.com profile
Sport in Oviedo
Football clubs in Asturias
Association football clubs established in 1949
1949 establishments in Spain
Piotr Konieczka ( 29 April 1901 – 1 September 1939 ) was a Polish Army soldier . They are considered by some historians to have been the first Polish soldier to die in World War II .
Biography
Piotr Konieczka was born in the village of Czarże near Chełmno . They moved with their family to Brodna in Greater Poland where they bought a three-hectare farm . They were mobilized in the spring of 1939 . On the night of 31 August to 1 September , they served in a platoon sent to strengthen the Jeziorki border checkpoint . After 1:00 am the checkpoint was attacked by the German diversion squad . Around 1:40 am Konieczka , left alone operating a machine gun , was bashed to death with rifle butts .
According to Polish historians , Konieczka may have been the first Polish soldier killed during the invasion . A historian confirmed from records that Konieczka was the first war victim in the Greater Poland region . While the attack was not by regular Wehrmacht soldiers , it was considered to be part of the war , because the attackers did not retreat back to German territory , as was happening with earlier acts of German sabotage against Poland .
In 2009 , a monument was erected to them in Jeziorki .
On 14 September 2010 , they were posthumously awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta .
Notes
1901 births
1939 deaths
Polish military personnel killed in World War II
Knights of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Polish Army personnel
Andel ( until August 2020 known as SEAS-NVE ) is a customer-owned energy company headquartered in Svinninge , Holbæk Municipality , Denmark . It covers the southern and western part of Zealand and Lolland-Falster . The company was founded in 2005 through the merger of SEAS and NVE .
History
Sydsjællands Elektricitets Aktieselskab ( SEAS ) was founded in 1912 . On 1 April 1951 the company merged with Falsters Højspændingsværk ( founded 1912 ) . Andelsselskabet Nordvestsjællands Elektricitetsværk ( NVE ) was founded in 1913 . The two companies merged under the name SEAS-NVE in 2005 .
In August 2020 , the company 's board endorsed a name change to Andel .
Location
The company is headquartered in NVE ' former buildings from 1913 on the main street of Svinninge . The complex was designed by Ivar Bentsen and consists of the former power plant as well as residential buildings for staff and a wash house . The complex was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places on 5 December 1991 . Helge Bojsen-Møller later served as architect for NVE .
The technical facilities are located in Haslev .
References
External links
www.andel.dk Official website ]
Architectural renderings from the Danish National Art Library
Electric power companies of Denmark
Companies based in Holbæk Municipality
Danish companies established in 2005
Listed buildings and structures in Holbæk Municipality
Kazakhstan competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , United States .
Alpine skiing
Men
Women
Biathlon
Men
Women
1 A penalty loop of 150 metres had to be skied per missed target .
3 One minute added per missed target .
4 Starting delay based on 7.5 km sprint results .
Cross-country skiing
Men
Sprint
Pursuit
1 Starting delay based on 10 km C. results .
C = Classical style , F = Freestyle
4 × 10 km relay
Women
Sprint
Pursuit
2 Starting delay based on 5 km C. results .
C = Classical style , F = Freestyle
4 × 5 km relay
Freestyle skiing
Men
Ice hockey
Women 's tournament
Group stage - group A
Top two teams ( shaded ) advanced to semifinals .
Classification round
Fifth place semifinal
7th place match
Ski jumping
Men 's team large hill
1 Four teams members performed two jumps each .
Speed skating
Men
Women
References
External links
Official Olympic Reports
Olympic Winter Games 2002 , full results by sports-reference.com
Nations at the 2002 Winter Olympics
2002
2002 in Kazakhstani sport
Toby Gard ( born 8 June 1972 ) is an English video game character designer and consultant . They were part of the team that created fictional female British archaeologist Lara Croft . Lara Croft was awarded a Guinness World Record recognizing them as the `` most successful human video game hero '' .
Biography
1990s : From Tomb Raider to Confounding Factor
Toby Gard was born on 8 June 1972 in Chelmsford , Essex , England . They began their career in videogames in 1994 when they were hired by Core Design to work on the game BC Racers . From 1995 they were part of the team who designed and developed the original Tomb Raider video game along with the character Lara Croft . Their work on the game included building and animating most of the game 's characters ( including Lara ) , animating the in-game cutscenes , storyboarding the FMVs , and managing the level designers . Core gave Gard creative control over the game , although it was clear they wanted to market Lara 's sex appeal , even asking Gard to implement a nude code into the game , which they refused to do . Their vision for Lara was `` a female character who was a hero , you know , cool , collected , in control , that sort of thing '' and that `` it was never the intention to create some kind of 'Page 3 ' girl to star in Tomb Raider '' .
Gard left Core Design in 1997 . With Tomb Raider already an established hit , Core was no longer giving Gard the creative freedom they originally had . In the end they were given the choice of making a Tomb Raider port for the Nintendo 64 , or working on Core 's vision for Tomb Raider II . Neither option appealed to him , so they left the company . Gard had been headhunted by other software companies including Interplay and Shiny Entertainment ( which prematurely announced that it had hired Gard ) but did not take up their offers of employment .
In 1997 they formed the company Confounding Factor along with co-developer Paul Douglas , who had worked with Gard on Tomb Raider . Galleon was announced soon after . The game had a protracted development period and was released in 2004 on Microsoft 's Xbox .
2000s : Return on Tomb Raider
After the closure of Confounding Factor , Gard was re-hired by Eidos ( then publisher and copyright holder of the Tomb Raider series ) to work with Crystal Dynamics on a reboot of the Tomb Raider franchise , beginning with Tomb Raider : Legend . While initially hired as a creative consultant , their work became `` hands on '' during the production and eventually included Lara 's visual redesign , overseeing character design and creation , co-writing the story , designing and implementing parts of the character movement system , and directing the cinematics .
The next game in the series , Tomb Raider : Anniversary , was a re-imagining of the original Tomb Raider . It was co-developed by Crystal Dynamics and Buzz Monkey Software . Gard 's role on Anniversary was limited to `` story consultant '' , while also adding their voice to the audio commentary included in the game .
For Tomb Raider : Underworld , Gard 's work included co-writing the story , directing the cinematics , voice direction , motion capture direction ( along with camera setup and managing the animators and lighters ) , and directing the European TV advert for the game . Gard and Eric Lindstrom received a nomination for `` Best Writing in a Video Game '' by the Writers Guild of America for their work on Underworld .
2010s : Otherworld , Ninja Gaiden Z , and a new studio
From 2010 to 2012 , they worked on a webcomic called Otherworld . From 2012 to 2014 Gard was the game director for Yaiba : Ninja Gaiden Z at Spark Unlimited .
In 2014 Gard founded a new studio called Tangentlemen , where they would work as director on Playstation VR title `` Here They Lie '' .
They have been the owner of Cathuria Games since 2019 .
References
External links
Focal Point Games ( Toby Gard 's game consultancy business )
tobygard.com – Personal website
1972 births
British video game designers
British voice directors
Living people
People from Chelmsford
Tomb Raider
The Fender King guitar was a flat-top acoustic guitar introduced by the Fender company in 1963 . The guitar was re-introduced in 1966 as the Fender Kingman , and discontinued in 1971 . Fender King guitars were sequentially numbered and the number placed on the back of the guitar on a small metal plate .
As the name suggests the King was the top of Fender 's nascent acoustic guitar line introduced in late 1963 as the folk boom took hold of the market . In its acoustic line the standard Fender bolt-on neck design was carried over from the company 's popular array of electric guitars and basses . This unique configuration married a high quality neck more akin to a Fender electric guitar than a typical acoustic instrument attached to a standard sized acoustic dreadnought body . Due to this unusual configuration a `` tone bar '' ( derisively termed a `` broomstick '' ) of aluminum had to be added through the body for structural rigidity . In 1965-66 the name `` King '' was changed to `` Kingman '' and finally discontinued with the entire critically derided and poorly selling acoustic line in 1971 .
The King was available in a variety of high quality woods including Brazilian Rosewood and later included in the bizarre `` Wildwood '' line of multi-colored dyed wood finishes offered by Fender at the time . The King/Kingman followed the standard Fender changes in neck inlays and hardware design changes which also help to date the instruments as serial numbers varied widely and offer little indication as to actual date of manufacture .
Fender acoustic guitars
Acoustic guitars
is a Fukui Railway Fukubu Line railway station located in the city of Fukui , Fukui Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
Seimei Station is served by the Fukui Railway Fukubu Line , and is located 14.9 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of one ground-level side platform serving a single bi-directional track . The station is unattended .
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on March 20 , 2011 .
Surrounding area
Fukui Prefectural Road 181
Fukui Prefectural Road 229
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Fukui Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 2011
Fukui Railway Fukubu Line
Fukui ( city )
Lanxi may refer to the following locations in China :
Lanxi , Zhejiang ( ) , county-level city of Jinhua
Lanxi County ( ) , Suihua , Heilongjiang
Lanxi , Heilongjiang ( ; zh ) , town in and seat of Lanxi County
Lanxi , Fujian ( ; zh ) , town in and subdivision of Shanghang County
Lanxi , Yiyang ( ; zh ) , a town in Heshan District , Yiyang , Hunan
Lanxi , Hubei ( ; zh ) , subdivision of Xishui County , Hubei
Lanxi Yao Ethnic Township ( ; zh ) , subdivision of Jiangyong County , Hunan
This is a list of algal fuel producers .
Asia
Iran
Iran started investigating the production of algae from 2000 . Scientific evidence shows that south Iran is the richest area in the world for cultivating algae , because of high humidity , sunny weather , large unused area and salty water . The first version of algae based biofuel will become available for industrial purposes in 2015 .
Biofuel Research Team ( BRTeam ) A multi-national research team focused on various aspects of biofuel research initiated extensive research on algal genetic engineering for enhanced biodiesel production in 2010 . They hoped to achieve their first genetically-engineered microalgae with enhanced lipid production features in 2015 .
Israel
In June 2008 , Tel Aviv-based Seambiotic and Seattle-based Inventure Chemical announced a joint venture to use CO2 emissions-fed algae to make ethanol and biodiesel at a biofuel plant in Ashkelon , Israel .
Japan
Euglena Co. , Ltd .
Europe
Bulgaria
Greon
France
Alpha Biotech
Greece
Algae-Farms
Italy
Teregroup in Modena mit einer Kapazität von 3 Mio . Liter , wobei 7g Algen pro Liter erwirtschaftet werden können . Endprodukte sind neben Biodiesel auch Futtermittel und Dünger
The Netherlands
AlgaeLink N.V. - an international producer of algae , algae-based products and algae growing systems
LGem B.V. - producing algae systems
SeatechEnergy - based in the Netherlands ( Hilversum ) but producing algae in Denpasar ( Bali , Indonesia ) ; part of Inrada Oil & Gas
Tomalgae ( Belgium/Netherlands ) - producing high value algae concentrate for use as nutritional in early stage larval shrimp and fish hatcheries
Portugal
AlgaFuel , S.A .
Buggypower - one of the largest microalgae biomass production units with its own technology based on the use of closed photobioreactores
Spain
AlgaeLink , in Cadiz
United Kingdom
British Algoil Ltd
Varicon Aqua Solutions Ltd - an international supplier of both fresh and aquatic algae , including the supply of aquaculture-based products and algae cultivation systems
The Americas
Argentina
Oil Fox , Chubut , 10 T/day
Canada
Algabloom International , Vancouver , BC
Centurion Biofuels , Hamilton , Ontario
Pond Biofuels Inc. , Toronto , Ontario
Mexico
Recursos Renovables Alternativos
United States
There are diverse companies developing biofuels from algae :
Algae Floating Systems , Inc .
Algae Fuel System , Ukiah , California
Algae Systems
AlgaeFuel - based in Concord , California
Algaewheel - based in Indianapolis , Indiana
AlgalOilDiesel , LLP - based in Corvallis , Oregon
Algenol
Algoil Energy
Algoil Industries , Inc .
Applied Research Associates , Inc. - based in Albuquerque , New Mexico ; algae biofuel research in Panama City , Florida office
Aquatic Energy
Aurora Algae ( closed ; formerly Aurora Biofuels )
Bio Fuel Systems
Blue Marble Energy
Cellana ( Shell and HR BioPetroleum )
Chevron Corporation ( in collaboration with US-DOE NREL )
Culture Fuels
Dao Energy , LLC , a Texas-registered company with an office in Chengdu , Sichuan , China
Diversified Energy Corporation
Global Green Solutions
GreenerBioEnergy
Imperium Renewables - formerly Seattle Biodiesel , LLC
Inventure Chemical
Kai BioEnergy Corp .
Kent BioEnergy
Live Fuels , Inc .
Manta Biofuel , renewable crude oil
National Remedies , San Pedro
PetroSun and Algae BioFuels Inc. , wholly owned subsidiary , in Scottsdale , Arizona
Photon8 , advanced photobioreactor , genetics , cell-viable extraction
Phycal LLC
Sapphire Energy , financed by the former Microsoft chairperson Bill Gates
Solazyme , Inc. , supplies algae oil to Imperium Renewables ; entered into a biodiesel feedstock development and testing agreement with Chevron Technology Ventures
Solix BioSystems - in Fort Collins , Colorado
Synthetic Genomics ( ExxonMobil )
Vertigro , a Valcent Products joint venture with Global Green Solutions , in El Paso , Texas ; uses the High Density Vertical Bioreactor
Virgin Green Fund
Oceania
Australia
Algae.Tec - an advanced biofuels company focused on commercializing technology that produces algae to manufacture sustainable fuels such as biodiesel and green jet fuel
Bio Fuels Pty Ltd - a Victor Smorgon Group company ; developing algae biofuels technology in Victoria ; oil from the algae will go into the BioMax biodiesel produced by Smorgon Fuels
New Zealand
Aquaflow Bionomic Corporation ( ABC ) - Boeing and Air New Zealand announced a joint project with Aquaflow Bionomic to develop algae . Air New Zealand eventually used jatropha biofuel as Aquaflow was unable to supply any fuel . Aquaflow has not produced a viable method of producing jet fuel from algae .
See also
List of biofuel companies and researchers
References
Lists of energy companies
Algae biofuels
is a Japanese voice actor who is affiliated with Office Kaoru . They have been voice-acting since the early 2000s .
Personal life
Masashi enjoys swimming . They are a class C swimming instructor in addition to being a voice actor .
Filmography
Major roles are highlighted in bold .
Anime television series
2007
Yattokame Tanteidan - Detective Naoki Saginoya
2014
Detective Conan - Seiya Kataoka
Anime OVA series
2010
Detective Conan : Magic File 4 - Osaka Okonomiyaki Odyssey - Student
Anime films
2007
Summer Days with Coo - Cop
Dubbing Work
Live Action Films
A Glimpse of Hell - Additional Voices
Anatomy 2 - Additional Voices
Cherry Falls - Kenny Ascott ( Gabriel Mann ) ( Home Video Dub )
Freaky Friday - Additional Voices
Watch the Shadows Dance - Pete 'Pearly ' Gates ( Doug Parkinson ) ( 2002 Home Video Dub )
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Male voice actors from Fukui Prefecture
Japanese male voice actors
Murrupula District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique . The principal town is Murrupula .
Further reading
District profile ( PDF )
Districts in Nampula Province
Burui-Kunai Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of East Sepik Province , Papua New Guinea . Ndu languages are spoken in this LLG .
Wards
01 . Moi
02 . Bangwinge/Manja
03 . Jama No 1
04 . Jama No 2
05 . Sengo ( Sengo language speakers )
06 . Buruwi ( Burui language speakers )
07 . Maiwi
08 . Bensin
09 . Kwimba
10 . Kasimbi
11 . Aurimbit
12 . Wereman
13 . Yanget
14 . Wakiput
15 . Torembi No 1
16 . Torembi No 3
17 . Numagua 1
18 . Selei
19 . Miambe
20 . Worimbi
21 . Kembiam
22 . Marap 1
23 . Marap 2
24 . Nagusap
25 . Gaiborobi
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
North Rockhampton State High School is a co-educational State High School at Beserker Street , Frenchville , Rockhampton , Queensland , Australia . It currently has over 1000 students enrolled and over 80 teaching staff . North Rockhampton High School is currently an academy of excellence in hockey .
To its members , the school is commonly referred to as 'North Rocky ' .
History
North Rockhampton State High School was founded in 1956 , initially renting rooms from two churches and a nearby business when the school buildings were not completed in time for the start of the school year . In its early days , the school was the largest school in Queensland at the time , with over 1500 students .
House structure
North Rockhampton High School has four houses .
Berserker House . Mascot – Berserker Warrior . Colour – Blue .
Fitzroy House . Mascot – Fitzroy Falcon . Colour – Green .
Keppel House . Mascot – Keppel Cobra . Colour – Yellow .
Archer House . Archer Pegasus . Colour – Red
Sports
Every year , North Rocky High holds Interhouse Athletics and Swimming Carnivals . Before Easter , the school holds an Interhouse Cross-Country day at Kemp Beach on the Capricorn Coast .
Notable alumni
North Rockhampton High School was the high school of Olympic gold medallist hockey players , Mark Knowles and Jamie Dwyer .
Steve Baxter , Australian entrepreneur , known for their work at PIPE Networks , StartupAUS and River City Labs , is now a 'shark ' on Network Ten reality television series , Shark Tank , which is based on the international Dragons ' Den format .
Craig Zonca , Australian radio broadcaster , was presenter of ABC Local Radio 's long-running rural affairs program , The Queensland Country Hour from 2013 until 2016 . In December 2016 , they were announced as Spencer Howson 's replacement as breakfast presenter on 612 ABC Brisbane .
Beres Joyner was appointed `` staff specialist '' in 2012 , by Queensland Health . There are only 27 such positions in Queensland . This comes after years working in a wide variety of medical practice areas , including indigenous health .
References
Public high schools in Queensland
Educational institutions established in 1956
Schools in Rockhampton
1956 establishments in Australia
Premnoplex is the genus of typical barbtails , birds in the family Furnariidae . It contains the following species :
Spotted barbtail , Premnoplex brunnescens
White-throated barbtail , Premnoplex tatei
The name Premnoplex comes from the Greek words premnon , meaning `` tree trunk '' and ples , meaning `` to strike '' .
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by George Kruck Cherrie
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lavendon is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority area of the City of Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England . It is the northernmost village in the Milton Keynes UA and South East England , near Olney , about WNW of Bedford and the same distance NNE of Newport Pagnell .
Nearby places are Warrington , and Cold Brayfield in the Milton Keynes UA , and Harrold and Carlton over the border in Bedfordshire .
History
The village name is derived from a personal name and a place-name element from the Old English language ( Lafan + denu ) , and means 'Lafa 's valley ' . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Lavendene and Lawendene .
At Castle Farm are the earthworks of a motte-and-bailey castle created in the twelfth century by de Bidun family as the headquarters of their barony of Lavendon . The castle was last recorded in 1232 .
The village was once the location of a Premonstratensian abbey , founded between 1155 and 1158 by John de Bidun . The abbey was suppressed in the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1536 . It stood at what is now Grange Farm .
The Earl of Gainsborough was patron of the parish church .
The village is on the route of the 1936 Jarrow March , there is a small plaque on the churchyard wall to commemorate this .
Modern Lavendon
The parish church is dedicated to St Michael , and there is also a Baptist Church that meets at the Union Chapel in the centre of the village .
The village has a combined school for children from reception ( 4 years ) through to year 6 ( 11 years ) . It also has a village store and Post Office , an independent garage , village hall and two public houses , the Green Man and The Horseshoe . There is also a pre-school and a nursery .
The company Tusting has a small factory on Olney Road producing a wide range of luxury leather goods which are exported worldwide .
Note and references
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Frederick I ( c. 912 – 18 May 978 ) was the count of Bar and duke of Upper Lorraine . They were a son of Wigeric , count of Bidgau , also count palatine of Lorraine , and Cunigunda , and thus a sixth-generation descendant of Charlemagne .
In 954 , they married Beatrice , daughter of Hugh the Great , count of Paris , and Hedwig of Saxony . They received in dowry the revenues of the abbey of Saint-Denis in Lorraine . To stop incursions from the duchy of Champagne , Frederick constructed a castle over the Ornain river in 960 , and later occupied confiscated lands of Saint-Mihiel . They exchanged fiefs with the bishop of Toul . Thus , they created their own feudal domain , the county of Bar . So they became the founder of the House of Bar or the House of Ardennes–Bar , a cadet branch of the House of Ardennes .
The duchy of Lorraine was at that time governed by the archbishop of Cologne , Bruno , who was called the archduke on account of their dual title . In 959 , Bruno , in concert with their brother , the Emperor Otto I , divided the duchy , appointing as margraves : Godfrey in Lower Lorraine and Frederick in Upper Lorraine . After Bruno 's death in 977 , Frederick and Godfrey styled themselves dukes .
As duke , Frederick oversaw the reform of Saint-Dié and Moyenmoutier .
Family
Their children were :
Henry ( died between 972 and 978 )
Adalbero II ( 958–1005 ) , bishop of Verdun and Metz
Theodoric I , Duke of Upper Lorraine ( 965–1026 ) , count of Bar and duke of Upper Lorraine
Ida ( 970–1026 ) , married , in 1010 , Radbot , Count of Habsburg ( 970–1027 ) , who built the castle of Habichtsburg and is thus an ancestor of the great Habsburg family which dominated Europe in the sixteenth century .
Notes
Sources
House of Bar
House of Ardennes
Dukes of Upper Lorraine
910s births
978 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Punctualism ( commonly also called `` pointillism '' or `` point music '' ) is a style of musical composition prevalent in Europe between 1949 and 1955 `` whose structures are predominantly effected from tone to tone , without superordinate formal conceptions coming to bear '' . In simpler terms : `` music that consists of separately formed particles—however complexly these may be composed— [ is called ] punctual music , as opposed to linear , or group-formed , or mass-formed music '' , bolding in the source ) . This was accomplished by assigning to each note in a composition values drawn from scales of pitch , duration , dynamics , and attack characteristics , resulting in a `` stronger individualizing of separate tones '' . Another important factor was maintaining discrete values in all parameters of the music . Punctual dynamics , for example mean that all dynamic degrees are fixed ; one point will be linked directly to another on the chosen scale , without any intervening transition or gesture . Line-dynamics , on the other hand , involve the transitions from one given amplitude to another : crescendo , decrescendo and their combinations . This second category can be defined as a dynamic glissando , comparable to glissandi of pitch and of tempi ( accelerando , ritardando ) .
`` The almost analytical focus on individual events , and then the transition between them , brings a stillness to this music far removed from the gestural quality of other pieces '' . From a purely technical point of view , the term `` punctual '' has the sense of `` a point of intersection of parameters '' in serial music .
Retrospectively attributed to the music of Anton Webern , the term was originally coined in German ( punktuelle Musik ) , by Karlheinz Stockhausen and Herbert Eimert ( who also used the expression `` star music '' ) to describe pieces such as Olivier Messiaen 's `` Mode de valeurs et d'intensités '' ( 1949 ) . However , it is most commonly associated with serial compositions such as Pierre Boulez 's Structures , book 1 ( 1952 ) , Karel Goeyvaerts 's Sonata for Two Pianos and Nummer 2 for thirteen instruments ( 1951 ) , Luciano Berio 's Nones , and Luigi Nono 's Polifonica–Monodia–Ritmica , as well as some early compositions of Stockhausen , such as Kreuzspiel . , however , argues that `` Stockhausen never strictly speaking composed punctually '' . Eimert foresaw problems `` because of the common term of `` pointillism '' [ German Pointillismus ] in French painting . It would wrongly be assumed that paintings by Seurat and their contemporaries were being transformed into music '' . In painting , pointillism ( also termed Neoimpressionism ) is a late 19th-century method in which small `` points '' ( dots or strokes ) of pure color are deposited on the canvas ; seen from a distance , they blend and give the effect of a different color and heightened luminosity . The style , a development of impressionist color theories , was originated by the French painters Georges Seurat and Paul Signac .
The confusion in French was immediate , as Stockhausen relates :
I still remember how , in Paris , I threw around the expression `` punctual music '' as a term for my KREUZSPIEL , SPIEL for Orchestra , SCHLAGQUARTETT , and so forth . Pierre Boulez corrected me , `` Pointilliste , la musique pointilliste ! '' and I said , `` Non , ponctuelle . '' They replied : `` What 's that , then ? That 's not French at all , the word is pointilliste . '' So I explained : `` Non , il faut faire attention , or else people might think we are bringing up musical impressionism ... Seurat painted little dots : dots upon dots , in various colours and sizes , so that a tree would shimmer . ... In terms of technique there is no connection between musical impressionism and pictorial impressionism . That 's why I am using the term musique ponctuelle . '' Both musique ponctuelle and musique pointilliste are still seen today .
In fact , as early as 1922 the French word pointillisme , evoking Seurat 's painting technique , had been applied to music in this opposite sense of a `` mosaic-like method of construction , an infinite accumulation of small and insignificant inorganic details '' , with reference to Arnold Schoenberg 's operas , Erwartung and Die glückliche Hand .
( An alternative translation for punktuelle Musik/musique ponctuelle is `` punctile music '' , but it has not achieved wide currency . )
The concept and its purpose were first articulated in print by Pierre Boulez , in their 1954 article `` Recherches maintenant '' : `` Nevertheless , despite an excess of arithmetic , we had achieved a certain 'punctuality ' of sound—by which I mean , literally , the intersection of various functional possibilities in a given point . What had brought this 'punctual ' style about ? The justified rejection of thematicism '' .
References
Cited sources
Further reading
Musical techniques
20th-century classical music
In graph-theoretic mathematics , a cycle double cover is a collection of cycles in an undirected graph that together include each edge of the graph exactly twice . For instance , for any polyhedral graph , the faces of a convex polyhedron that represents the graph provide a double cover of the graph : each edge belongs to exactly two faces .
It is an unsolved problem , posed by George Szekeres and Paul Seymour and known as the cycle double cover conjecture , whether every bridgeless graph has a cycle double cover . The conjecture can equivalently be formulated in terms of graph embeddings , and in that context is also known as the circular embedding conjecture .
Formulation
The usual formulation of the cycle double cover conjecture asks whether every bridgeless undirected graph has a collection of cycles such that each edge of the graph is contained in exactly two of the cycles . The requirement that the graph be bridgeless is an obvious necessary condition for such a set of cycles to exist , because a bridge can not belong to any cycle . A collection of cycles satisfying the condition of the cycle double cover conjecture is called a cycle double cover . Some graphs such as cycle graphs and bridgeless cactus graphs can only be covered by using the same cycle more than once , so this sort of duplication is allowed in a cycle double cover .
Reduction to snarks
A snark is a special case of a bridgeless graph , having the additional properties that every vertex has exactly three incident edges ( that is , the graph is cubic ) and that it is not possible to partition the edges of the graph into three perfect matchings ( that is , the graph has no 3-edge coloring , and by Vizing 's theorem has chromatic index 4 ) . It turns out that snarks form the only difficult case of the cycle double cover conjecture : if the conjecture is true for snarks , it is true for any graph .
observes that , in any potential minimal counterexample to the cycle double cover conjecture , all vertices must have three or more incident edges . For , a vertex with only one edge incident forms a bridge , while if two edges are incident on a vertex , one can contract them to form a smaller graph such that any double cover of the smaller graph extends to one of the original graph . On the other hand , if a vertex v has four or more incident edges , one may “ split off ” two of those edges by removing them from the graph and replacing them by a single edge connecting their two other endpoints , while preserving the bridgelessness of the resulting graph . Again , a double cover of the resulting graph may be extended in a straightforward way to a double cover of the original graph : every cycle of the split off graph corresponds either to a cycle of the original graph , or to a pair of cycles meeting at v. Thus , every minimal counterexample must be cubic . But if a cubic graph can have its edges 3-colored ( say with the colors red , blue , and green ) , then the subgraph of red and blue edges , the subgraph of blue and green edges , and the subgraph of red and green edges each form a collection of disjoint cycles that together cover all edges of the graph twice . Therefore , every minimal counterexample must be a non-3-edge-colorable bridgeless cubic graph , that is , a snark .
Reducible configurations
One possible attack on the cycle double cover problem would be to show that there can not exist a minimum counterexample , by proving that any graph contains a reducible configuration , a subgraph that can be replaced by a smaller subgraph in a way that would preserve the existence or nonexistence of a cycle double cover . For instance , if a cubic graph contains a triangle , a Δ-Y transform will replace the triangle by a single vertex ; any cycle double cover of the smaller graph can be extended back to a cycle double cover of the original cubic graph . Therefore , a minimal counterexample to the cycle double cover conjecture must be a triangle-free graph , ruling out some snarks such as Tietze 's graph which contain triangles . Through computer searches , it is known that every cycle of length 11 or less in a cubic graph forms a reducible configuration , and therefore that any minimal counterexample to the cycle double cover conjecture must have girth at least 12 .
Unfortunately , it is not possible to prove the cycle double cover conjecture using a finite set of reducible configurations . Every reducible configuration contains a cycle , so for every finite set S of reducible configurations there is a number γ such that all configurations in the set contain a cycle of length at most γ . However , there exist snarks with arbitrarily high girth , that is , with arbitrarily high bounds on the length of their shortest cycle . A snark G with girth greater than γ can not contain any of the configurations in the set S , so the reductions in S are not strong enough to rule out the possibility that G might be a minimal counterexample .
Circular embedding conjecture
If a graph has a cycle double cover , the cycles of the cover can be used to form the 2-cells of a graph embedding onto a two-dimensional cell complex . In the case of a cubic graph , this complex always forms a manifold . The graph is said to be circularly embedded onto the manifold , in that every face of the embedding is a simple cycle in the graph . However , a cycle double cover of a graph with degree greater than three may not correspond to an embedding on a manifold : the cell complex formed by the cycles of the cover may have non-manifold topology at its vertices . The circular embedding conjecture or strong embedding conjecture states that every biconnected graph has a circular embedding onto a manifold . If so , the graph also has a cycle double cover , formed by the faces of the embedding .
For cubic graphs , biconnectivity and bridgelessness are equivalent . Therefore , the circular embedding conjecture is clearly at least as strong as the cycle double cover conjecture . However , it turns out to be no stronger . If the vertices of a graph G are expanded to form a cubic graph , which is then circularly embedded , and the expansions are undone by contracting the added edges , the result will be a circular embedding of G itself . Therefore , if the cycle double cover conjecture is true , every biconnected graph has a circular embedding . That is , the cycle double cover conjecture is equivalent to the circular embedding conjecture , even though a cycle double cover and a circular embedding are not always the same thing .
If a circular embedding exists , it might not be on a surface of minimal genus : Nguyen Huy Xuong described a biconnected toroidal graph none of whose circular embeddings lie on a torus .
Stronger conjectures and related problems
A stronger version of the circular embedding conjecture that has also been considered is the conjecture that every biconnected graph has a circular embedding on an orientable manifold . In terms of the cycle double cover conjecture , this is equivalent to the conjecture that there exists a cycle double cover , and an orientation for each of the cycles in the cover , such that for every edge e the two cycles that cover e are oriented in opposite directions through e .
Alternatively , strengthenings of the conjecture that involve colorings of the cycles in the cover have also been considered . The strongest of these is a conjecture that every bridgeless graph has a circular embedding on an orientable manifold in which the faces can be 5-colored . If true , this would imply a conjecture of W. T. Tutte that every bridgeless graph has a nowhere-zero 5-flow .
A stronger type of embedding than a circular embedding is a polyhedral embedding , an embedding of a graph on a surface in such a way that every face is a simple cycle and every two faces that intersect do so in either a single vertex or a single edge . ( In the case of a cubic graph , this can be simplified to a requirement that every two faces that intersect do so in a single edge . ) Thus , in view of the reduction of the cycle double cover conjecture to snarks , it is of interest to investigate polyhedral embeddings of snarks . Unable to find such embeddings , Branko Grünbaum conjectured that they do not exist , but disproved Grünbaum 's conjecture by finding a snark with a polyhedral embedding .
See also Petersen coloring conjecture .
Notes
References
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
External links
Cycle double cover conjecture , circular embedding conjecture , and Grünbaum 's conjecture , from the Open Problem Garden .
The Cycle Double Cover Conjecture , Dan Archdeacon .
Graph theory objects
Topological graph theory
Conjectures
Unsolved problems in graph theory
dconf is a low-level configuration system and settings management tool . Its main purpose is to provide a back end to GSettings on platforms that do n't already have configuration storage systems . It depends on GLib . It is part of GNOME 3 and is a replacement for GConf .
Overview
dconf is a simple key-based configuration system . Keys exist in an unstructured database ( but it is intended that keys that logically belong together are grouped together ) .
Change notification is supported .
Stacking of multiple configuration sources is supported . Mandatory keys are supported .
The stacking can be done at `` mount points '' . For example , the global system configuration can be mounted under inside of each user 's configuration space . A single configuration source may appear at multiple points in the hierarchy . For example , in addition to stacking over the normal keys at , the system default keys may also appear at for inspection and modification by a system policy configuration utility .
PolicyKit integration is planned so that a normal user may temporarily gain the ability to , for example , write to the keys under ( or ) . This means that programs like the GNOME Display Manager configuration utility no longer have to be run as root .
Software architecture
Since a typical GNOME login consists of thousands of reads and ideally 0 writes , dconf is optimized for reads . Typically , reading a key from dconf involves zero system calls and zero context switches . This is achieved with a simple file format that doubles both as the storage format for data in dconf and as an IPC mechanism between the clients and the server .
Avoiding round trips and context switches is desirable in itself , but the real advantage comes from allowing the I/O scheduler in the kernel to do a better job by saturating it with requests coming from all of the applications trying to read their keys ( as opposed to a common configuration server serially requesting a single key at a time ) .
Having all of the keys in a single compact binary format also avoids the intense fragmentation problems currently experienced by the tree-of-directories-of-xml-files approach .
Writes are less optimized they traverse the bus and are handled by a `` writer '' a D-Bus service in the ordinary way . Change notification is also handled by the writer . The reason for having a bus service at all is that because getting the clients to synchronize on writing would be very difficult .
The writer service does n't have to be activated until the first write operation is performed .
The service is completely stateless and can start and stop dynamically . The list of change notifications that an individual client is interested in is maintained by the bus daemon ( as a D-Bus signal watch/match list ) .
dconf database
One dconf database consists of a single file in binary format , i.e . it is not a text-file . The format is defined as gvdb ( GVariant Database file ) . It is a simple database file format that stores a mapping from strings to GVariant values in a way that is extremely efficient for lookups .
The GNOME database file for each user is by default ~/.config/dconf/user , a file expected to be in GVDB format .
GVariant
GVariant is a strongly typed variant datatype used for all the values stored in dconf ; it can contain one or more values along with information about the type of the values .
A GVariant may contain simple types , like integers , or boolean values ; or complex types , like an array of two strings , or a dictionary of key value pairs . A GVariant is also immutable : once it 's been created , neither its type nor its content can be modified further . GVariant is useful whenever data needs to be serialized , for example when sending method parameters in DBus , or when saving settings using GSettings .
GVariant is part of GLib .
https : //developer.gnome.org/glib/stable/glib-GVariant.html
https : //git.gnome.org/browse/glib/tree/glib/gvariant.c
GSettings
The GSettings class provides a high-level API for application for storing and retrieving their own settings .
The utility program /usr/bin/gsettings is contained in libglib2.0-bin .
GSettings is part of GIO . which is part of GLib . libglib2.0-0
https : //developer.gnome.org/gio/stable/GSettings.html
https : //git.gnome.org/browse/glib/tree/gio/gsettings.c
Documentation
A system administrators guide for dconf is available . Since version 0.2 , dconf is licensed under the LGPL version 2.1 `` or later '' .
History
Release history
References
External links
https : //wiki.gnome.org/Projects/dconf
https : //download.gnome.org/sources/dconf/
https : //gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/dconf/
Configuration management
GNOME
Software that uses Meson
The Archdeacon of Leicester is a senior ecclesiastical officer in the Church of England Diocese of Leicester .
History
The first archdeacon of Leicester is recorded before 1092 – around the time when archdeacons were first appointed in England – in the Diocese of Lincoln . They were one of eight archdeacons appointed by the bishop : Lincoln , Huntingdon , Northampton , Oxford , Buckingham , Bedford and Stow .
In the Victorian era reforms , the archdeaconry became part of Peterborough diocese on 1 May 1839 and , on 12 November 1926 , the modern Diocese of Leicester was founded from Leicester and Loughborough archdeaconries and part of the archdeaconry of Northampton .
List of archdeacons
High Medieval
bef . 1092– ? : Ranulph ( first Archdeacon of Leicester )
Godfrey
bef . –aft . : Walter
bef . –1148 ( res . ) : Robert de Chesney
bef . 1150–bef . 1159 ( res . ) : Hugh Barre
bef . 1163–aft . 1177 : Baldric de Segillo
–1189 ( res . ) : Hamo ( afterwards Dean of Lincoln )
bef . –1195 ( res . ) : Roger de Rolleston ( afterwards Dean of Lincoln )
bef . –aft . 1224 : Reimund
bef . 1226–aft . 1228 : William Blund of Lincoln
bef . 1229–1232 ( res . ) : Robert Grosseteste
1232–1234 : William de Dratton
bef . 1235–1252 ( d. ) : John of Basingstoke
1252–bef . 1274 : Solomon of Dover
1275–bef . 1295 ( d. ) : Roger de Saxenhurst
16 January 1295 – 16 September 1310 ( d. ) : Roger Martival
Late Medieval
13 October 1310 – 5 October 1346 ( d. ) : Guillaume Cardinal de Farges ( cardinal-deacon of Santa Maria Nova )
1346–26 February 1347 ( res . ) : Raynald Orsini
Arnald de Gavarreto was unsuccessfully provided to the archdeaconry in 1347 and was still claiming it – unsuccessfully – in 1355 .
1347–bef . 1354 ( d. ) : Henry Chaddesden
12 May 1354 – 1361 ( d. ) : William Doune
bef . 1371–27 August 1372 ( d. ) : Philippe Cardinal de Cabassoles ( Cardinal-Bishop of Sabina and Archdeacon of York )
1372–13 August 1379 ( d. ) : Giacomo Cardinal Orsini , Dean of Salisbury ( cardinal-deacon of San Giorgio in Velabro )
1380–2 February 1395 ( d. ) : Poncello Orsini ( cardinal-priest of San Clemente ; papal claimant , never in actual possession )
1390– ( res . ) : John Bottlesham ( royal grant )
4 August 1392–bef . 1421 : John Elvet
1392–1392 ( rev . ) : Richard Holland ( mistaken royal grant ; revoked )
bef . 1414–1424 ( exch . ) : Richard Elvet
29 October 1424–bef . 1430 : John Legbourne
bef . 1430–aft . 1431 : Thomas Barnsley
14 August 1454 – 1458 ( res . ) : Richard Ewen ( afterwards Archdeacon of Lincoln )
1458–bef . 1473 ( d. ) : William Witham ( also Dean of Arches from 1460 and Dean of Wells from 1467 )
1473–bef . 1478 : Roger Rotherham
1478–1479 ( res . ) : John Morton
1485–bef . 1508 ( d. ) : Richard Lavender
18 March 1508–bef . 1515 : William Spark
1515–bef . 1518 : Henry Wilcocks
1518–bef . 1531 ( d. ) : Richard Maudeley
25 March 1531–December 1531 ( res . ) : Stephen Gardiner
14 December 1531 – 1535 ( res . ) : Edward Foxe
9 October 1535 – 1539 ( res . ) : Edmund Bonner
24 September 1539–bef . 1541 ( d. ) : William More , Bishop suffragan of Colchester
Early modern
19 February 1541–bef . 1560 ( deprived ) : Thomas Robertson ( deprived ; also Dean of Durham from 1558 , from which point archdeacon in commendam )
1560–15 February 1589 ( d. ) : Richard Barber
10 May 1589 – 16 September 1590 ( res . ) : Hugh Blythe
19 April 1591–bef . 1625 ( d. ) : Robert Johnson
1 August 1625–bef . 1631 ( d. ) : Richard Pilkington
21 September 1631–bef . 1641 ( d. ) : William Warr
16 October 1641 – 1661 ( res . ) : Henry Ferne
18 June 1661 – 27 June 1662 ( exch . ) : Robert Hitch ( afterwards Archdeacon of the East Riding , 1662 and Dean of York , 1665 )
27 June 1662–bef . 1669 ( d. ) : Clement Breton
30 July 1669 – 23 August 1679 ( d. ) : William Owtram
10 September 1679 – 27 August 1683 ( d. ) : Francis Meres
5 September 1683–bef . 1703 ( d. ) : Byrom Eaton
1703–9 May 1715 ( d. ) : John Rogers
17 May 1715 – 18 May 1756 ( d. ) : David Trimnel
7 July 1756 – 29 August 1772 ( d. ) : John Taylor
17 December 1772 – 23 December 1785 ( d. ) : James Bickham
25 January 1786 – 9 March 1812 ( d. ) : Andrew Burnaby
31 March 1812 – 13 November 1830 ( d. ) : Thomas Parkinson
22 January 1831 – 7 April 1863 ( d. ) : Thomas Bonney
Upon the death of Herbert Marsh on 1 May 1839 , Leicester archdeaconry become part of the Diocese of Peterborough .
Late modern
1863–1884 ( ret . ) : Henry Fearon
1884–1886 ( d. ) : Assheton Pownall
1886–1899 ( ret . ) : John Mitchinson ( former Bishop of Barbados then of the Windward Islands )
1899–1920 ( ret . ) : John Stocks
1921–1938 ( ret . ) : Frederick MacNutt
From 12 November 1926 , the archdeaconry formed part of the new Leicester diocese .
1938–1956 ( ret . ) : Cecil Matthews ( afterwards archdeacon emeritus )
1956–1963 ( res . ) : Irven Edwards
1963–1980 ( ret . ) : Berkeley Cole ( afterwards archdeacon emeritus )
1980–1994 ( res . ) : David Silk
1994–2002 ( res . ) : Mike Edson
2002–April 2012 ( res . ) : Richard Atkinson
20128 September 2018 ( res . ) : Tim Stratford ( became Dean of Chester )
4 November 2018present : Richard Worsfold
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of Anglicans
Lists of English people
Archdeacon
Diocese of Leicester
Falerno del Massico is an Italian red wine of DOC produced in the province of Caserta in the region of Campania . It received DOC classification in 1989 . Falerno is produced in the same region as the highly regarded falernian wine of ancient Rome . As of 2012 , there are forty-four Falerno del Massico Wines produced in this DOC region .
References
Wines of Campania
The Association of Teachers in Colleges and Departments of Education ( ATCDE ) was an organisation dedicated to the training and education of teachers in the United Kingdom , as well as the representation of members in the negotiation of bargaining issues .
History
The formal training of teachers in England began on a small scale with Borough Road College , London , around 1798 , and developed slowly for the next hundred years . During the final two decades of the nineteenth century , many professional bodies emerged and grew quickly . This , together with the government 's decision in 1890 to expand the number of colleges available to non-residential students , is believed to be the impetus for founding the association for the employees of such colleges in 1891 . This was the direct forerunner of the ATCDE .
ATCDE was founded in 1943 and merged the Training Colleges Association and the Council of Principals . ATCDE membership was principally drawn from teacher training colleges and university education departments .
One of ATCDE 's subsidiary roles was to supply information concerning the admissions process , involving the Central Register and Clearing House and the Graduate Teacher Training Registry .
In comparison with other education unions , the ATCDE was small in size , having some 5,000 members in 1967 and peaking at 7,000 in 1972-3 .
Serious reductions in teacher training provision occurred during the early 1970s . It was forecasted that between 1974 and 1981 the number of institutions would fall from 159 to 75 , and the number of students from 117,000 to 43,770 .
In 1976 , ATCDE merged with the Association of Teachers in Technical Institutions ( ATTI ) to form the National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education . Following further amalgamations , NATFHE merged with the University and College Union .
Influence
The ATCDE has been called `` hugely influential '' . It published reports relating to education policy .
Presidents of the ATCDE
1943 Dr Helen Woodhouse
1946 Mr A E Dean
1955 Dr G B Jeffrey
1957 Miss D Dymond
1960 Sir Charles Morris
1963 Dr F A Vick
1973 Sir Derman Christopher
References
External links
Catalogue of the ATCDE archives , held at the Modern Records Centre , University of Warwick
Defunct trade unions of the United Kingdom
Higher education organisations based in the United Kingdom
Teacher associations based in the United Kingdom
Teacher training colleges in the United Kingdom
Tertiary education trade unions
Trade unions established in 1943
Trade unions disestablished in 1976
Spiritchaser are a South African musical duo best known for 2011 number one South African hit single `` These Tears '' co-produced and written with UK artist Est8 and licensed to Sony Music Entertainment ( Africa ) in 2011 and featured on Now ! That 's What I Call Music 56 ( South Africa ) . The record spent over 38 Weeks in the South African ‘ Media Guide Top Ten retaining number one spot for over an 8 week period . This led to a tour of South Africa playing on the same bill as South African DJ Black Coffee live at The Vodacom Unlimited Experience in Durban on Friday , 16 December 2011 . The piano from `` These Tears '' was subsequently used by Johannesburg born and SAHHA nominated music producer Makwa in Kwesta 's follow-up 2018 number one hit record in South Africa called Spirit which was Certified Platinum by RISA and nominated for the South African Music Awards . `` These Tears '' was also used in the CBS televion series Ringer in 2012 .
References
External links
South African musical duos
Deep house musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Larry Eaglin ( born August 27 , 1948 ) is a former American football defensive back . They played for the Houston Oilers in 1973 .
References
1948 births
Living people
American football defensive backs
Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks football players
Houston Oilers players
Habib Jalib Baloch ( Urdu : حبیب جالب بلوچ ) was a Baloch nationalist politician who had served as a member of the Senate of Pakistan in 1997 , and as the secretary general of Balochistan National Party . In their student days they served in a number of leadership positions of the Baloch Students Organization ( BSO ) as Chairman of BSO and also remained Editor of BSO Organs i.e '' Girok '' , '' Sangat '' and `` Bam '' ( 1978–82 ) .
They were shot dead by unknown persons in Quetta on July 14 , 2010 . Following their assassination , protests were held in cities across Pakistan while a general strike was held across Balochistan province for three days .
They belonged to Perekani Tribe . They were the key member of BNP .
References
Gunmen shoot dead former senator in Balochistan , BBC News Online , 14 July 2010
Baloch leader Habib Jalib assassinated in Quetta , Dawn ( newspaper ) , 15 July 2010
Balochistan boosts security ; Jalib 's murder condemned , Dawn ( newspaper ) , 15 July 2010
Life returns to normalcy in Balochistan , The News International , July 18 , 2010
Baloch nationalists
Members of the Senate of Pakistan
Baloch people
Baloch Students Organization
2010 deaths
Assassinated Pakistani politicians
People from Quetta
Year of birth missing
Balochistan National Party ( Mengal ) politicians
People murdered in Balochistan , Pakistan
Deaths by firearm in Balochistan , Pakistan
Soheib Bencheikh ( born 20 December 1961 , Jeddah , Saudi Arabia ) is an Islamic religious leader and author and would-be French politician .
Bencheikh graduated in Islamic theology at Al-Azhar University , Cairo , Egypt , and at the Free University of Brussels , Belgium . They hold a doctorate in Religious Sciences from the École pratique des hautes études ( EPHE ) , Paris , France . They were nominated as Grand Mufti of Marseille , France , in 1995 by the Great Mosque of Paris . They are a member of the Conseil français du culte musulman ( Council of French Muslims ) since its creation in 2003 .
Bencheikh is an anti-fundamentalist religious leader and an assertive supporter of an Islam eager and capable to adapt itself to the modern world . They also are acknowledged as a reformer Muslim theologian committed to interreligious dialogue . They have written two books Les Grandes Religions and Marianne et le Prophète : L'Islam dans la France laïque , their famous book on the position and opportunities for Muslims in secular democracy .
Among other `` modernist '' points of view , they stated that education is the best protection of women 's honor and well-being ( and not the headscarf , which they say is not mandatory ) .
Bencheikh attempted to run for president in the 2007 French presidential election but failed to get the 500 endorsements needed in order to become an official candidate . They created the movement “ Elan Républicain ” specifically for this purpose .
See also
Islamic Modernism
References
Soheib Bencheikh , Marianne et le Prophète : L'Islam dans la France laïque , Paris , Grasset , 1998 ( ) .
1961 births
Living people
French politicians
French Sunni Muslims
Algerian emigrants to France
Al-Azhar University alumni
Université libre de Bruxelles alumni
École pratique des hautes études alumni
People from Jeddah
Algerian expatriates in Egypt
Algerian expatriates in Saudi Arabia
Algerian expatriates in Belgium
Matthew T. Abruzzo ( April 30 , 1889 – May 28 , 1971 ) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York .
Education and career
Born in Brooklyn , New York , Abruzzo received a Bachelor of Laws from Brooklyn Law School in 1910 , and was in private practice in Brooklyn from then until 1936 .
Federal judicial service
Abruzzo was nominated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on February 3 , 1936 , to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York , to a new seat authorized by 49 Stat . 659 . They were confirmed by the United States Senate on February 12 , 1936 , and received their commission on February 15 , 1936 . They assumed senior status on February 15 , 1966 . Their service terminated on May 28 , 1971 , due to their death in Potomac , Maryland .
References
Sources
1889 births
1971 deaths
20th-century American judges
Brooklyn Law School alumni
Judges of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York
Lawyers from Brooklyn
New York ( state ) lawyers
United States district court judges appointed by Franklin D. Roosevelt
Lindsaea linearis is known as the screw fern , as the fronds may have a twisting appearance . A small fern of widespread distribution in many parts of Australia . Found in a variety of habitats , often near swamps or moist places . By rocks , heathland or open forest . It has a dark stem , unlike the similar necklace fern , which is green .
The screw fern was first described by Swedish botanist Olof Swartz in 1801 , and still bears its original name .
References
External links
linearis
Ferns of Australasia
Ferns of Australia
Ferns of New Zealand
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Norfolk Island
Plants described in 1801
Taxa named by Olof Swartz
Route 147 is a short highway in Lincoln County . Its northern terminus is in Cuivre River State Park ; its southern terminus is at Route 47 east of Troy .
Route description
Route 147 begins at an intersection with Route 47 east of Troy , heading north as a two-lane undivided road . The route heads into forested areas of Cuivre River State Park , curving to the northwest . The road heads to the west and winds through more of the state park . Route 147 comes to its northern terminus at an intersection with Frenchman Bluff Road , where the road continues west as Park Road .
Major intersections
References
147
Transportation in Lincoln County , Missouri
George Hepburn ( 28 February 1803 – 9 December 1883 ) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Otago , New Zealand . Born in Scotland they emigrated to New Zealand in 1850 . They first entered politics by serving on the Provincial Council of Otago from 1855 to 1865 before they were elected to the New Zealand House of Representatives as member for Roslyn in 1866 .
Early life
George Hepburn was born on 28 February 1803 to Janet or Jessie ( née Sinclair ) and William Hepburn in Leslie , Fife , Scotland . Their siblings were Andrew ( 29 June 1801 – 17 September 1873 ) , Catherine Suttie ( 28 January 1805 – 1867 and Janet Reekie ( 28 November 1807 – ) .
After completing their schooling they became a merchant in Kirkcaldy .
In their private time they were involved in Sabbath School teaching . They were ordained an elder of the Church of Scotland and along with their minister Dr John Alexander and nearly all their congregation joined the Free Church when it was established in May 1843 .
Emigration to New Zealand
He , their wife and eight children emigrated to New Zealand . After travelling by ship from Leith to Gravesend , they travelled in steerage on the barque Poictiers ( 756 tons ) under the command of Captain Thomas Shrubsole Beal . The Poictiers departed London on 7 February 1850 but then took shelter off the Isle of Wight to ride out stormy weather until they departed on 24 February and arrived at New Plymouth on 30 June 1850 after a stormy passage . The ship then proceeded to Nelson , arriving on 11 July before continuing via Wellington to Port Chalmers in Otago arriving on 6 September 1850 .
Hepburn kept a detailed journal of the voyage .
Business
By the time the Hepburns reached Dunedin , the settlement had already been in existence for two years but with little demand for people with their mercantile experience they bought some land at Halfway Bush and with no prior experience they and their family cleared the bush and commenced farming .
In the following year they were approached by James Macandrew who had arrived in Otago in January 1851 and was looking for assistance with running James Macandrew & Co which they and their brother-in-law William Hunter Reynolds had established in May 1851 .
Accepting Macandrew 's offer Hepburn took up the position of manager of James Macandrew & Co , which in time grew to own stores in Dunedin , Port Molyneux and Invercargill . The company was renamed Macandrew and Co in 1858 after Reynolds left the partnership .
In late 1855 Hepburn resigned from Macandrew and in partnership with their brother-in-law James Paterson established James Paterson & Co , who were saddlers , general merchants , and commission agents . To concentrate on their political affairs after becoming Superintendent of Otago , James Macandrew sold Macandrew and Co to James Paterson & Co in September 1859 . Hepburn and Paterson operated the business successfully for several years , before selling it in 1862 upon their retirement . It subsequently merged into McLandress , Hepburn and Co , in which George 's son William had an interest .
In the new colony Hepburn took a deep interest in religious matters , and was erected on 16 March 1851 as an elder of First Church for the Halfway Bush district , and was session clerk for some years . They were also one of the session of Knox Church , from its establishment until their death .
Political career
Representing the Wakari District , Hepburn was a member of the Otago Provincial Council from 1855 to 1867 , and for some time they served as the Chairman of Committees in the Council .
They represented the Roslyn electorate from to 1869 , when they resigned on the ground of ill-health and was succeeded by Henry Driver on 12 February 1869 after a by-election .
Their son-in-law William Downie Stewart Sr was also a Member of Parliament .
Retirement and death
George Hepburn died at their home on 9 December 1883 at the age of 80 and is buried in the Southern Cemetery in Dunedin .
Personal life
George Hepburn married Rachel Paterson ( 10 March 1805 – 15 August 1875 ) on 10 June 1833 .
George and Rachel had the following children :
William ( 2 May 1834 – 29 September 1887 )
James ( 1835 – 25 August 1875 )
Sarah ( 1837 – 9 July 1908 )
George ( 1838 – 2 November 1862 )
Alexander Duff ( circa February 1840 – circa December 1840 )
David . Born 1841 ( died 19 December 1870 )
Jessie Saintclair ( 1843 – 29 December 1923 )
Rachel ( 28 March 1845 – 11 November 1878 ) ; they married William Downie Stewart Sr
Andrew ( 31 January 1847 – 1929 )
References
External links
Obituary : George Hepburn .
The Journal of George Hepburn : On their voyage from Scotland to Otago in 1850 with extracts from their letters written from Otago .
1803 births
1883 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for Dunedin electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Beyond All Odds is a 1926 American silent Western film directed by Alan James and starring Eileen Sedgwick .
Plot
Betty Mason ( Eileen Sedgwick ) seeks revenge in the murder of their brother , Dan ( Theodore Henderson ) , as well as the kidnapping of their finance .
`` Girl avenges death of brother and abduction of sweetheart by killing villains instrumental in causing both crimes . '' -- Motion Picture News Booking Guide , 1926
Cast
Eileen Sedgwick as Betty Mason
Karl Silvera as George Baker
Ray Childs as Casino Joe
Theodore Henderson as Dan Mason
Les Bates as Ritch Walker
Lew Meehan as Cory Forbes
Alfred Hewston as Sheriff
Dutch Maley as Hard Rock Jordan
Themes
Unlike many classic Westerns , especially of the silent era , this film displays the female lead as the hero , who avenges both the death of their brother and the kidnapping of their finance by killing those responsible for both crimes .
References
External links
1926 films
1926 Western ( genre ) films
Films directed by Alan James
American silent films
Chesterfield Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Silent American Western ( genre ) films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
The Men 's 4 × 100 metre medley relay competition of the 2019 African Games was held on 24 August 2019 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world and championship records were as follows .
The following new records were set during this competition .
Results
Final
The final was started on 24 August .
References
Men 's 4 x 100 metre medley relay
The grey-crested helmetshrike ( Prionops poliolophus ) is a species of bird in the Vanga family Vangidae , formerly usually included in the Malaconotidae .
It is found in Kenya and Tanzania .
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
grey-crested helmetshrike
Birds of East Africa
grey-crested helmetshrike
grey-crested helmetshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Coconut production contributes to the national economy of Vietnam . According to figures published in December 2009 by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , the country is the world 's eighth largest producer of coconuts , producing 1,246,400 tonnes in 2009 .
References
Vietnam
Agriculture in Vietnam
Marco Aurelio Severino ( November , 1580 – July 12 , 1656 ) was an Italian surgeon and anatomist .
Biography
Severino was born in Tarsia ( Calabria , Italy ) , of Giovanni Jacopo Severino , a lawyer . They died of plague in 1656 in Naples .
Adept of the atomist views of Democritus , they disregarded Aristotle . They met Tommaso Campanella and corresponded with William Harvey and Thomas Bartholin . They were familiar of the works of scientists of the antiquity like Galen and Lactantius .
They also are the author of a book called The philosophy of chess ( La filosofia degli scacchi ) .
Controversy
Besides their brilliant career as a surgeon and professor , their works present an ambiguous aspect . They include mystic speculations , and their work attempts to coincide with their religious beliefs .
Selected works
De recondita abscessuum natura , O. Beltrani , Naples , 1632
. Frankfurt , 1643
Zootomia democritaea , id est anatome generalis totius animantium opificii : libris quinque distincta , quorum seriem sequens facies delineabit . Nuremberg , 1645 , in-40 ,
, Frankfurt , 1646
De viperae natura , veneno , medicina demonstrationes et experimenta nova , P. Frambotti , Padua , 1650
Trimembris chirurgia , Schönwetter , Frankfort , 1653
, Naples , 1653 ( With a commentary by Thomas Bartholin )
Quaestiones anatomicae quatuor , Frankfort , 1654
Antiperipatias . Hoc est adversus Aristoteleos de respiratione piscium diatriba . De piscibus in sicco viventibus commentarius ... Phoca illustratus ... , 2 vol. , Naples , H. C. Cavalli , 1655–1659 ( Includes a short biography )
Synopseos chirurgiae libri sex , E. Weyerstroten , Amsterdam , 1664
Lists of works
Severino gave us a list of their printed works and manuscripts , which is made up of nine parts and extends on four pages . It can be found in a 1653 edition Therapeuta Neapolitanus : .
This list can also be consulted on http : //gso.gbv.de/
External links
Biography , on the Galileo Project website
Biography and bibliography ( in French ) , on the Bibliothèque interuniversitaire de Médecine website
1580 births
1656 deaths
Lisboa Games Week , or simply LGW , is a trade fair for video games held annually at the FIL Exhibition Centre in Lisbon , Portugal . It is organised by FIL - International Fair of Lisbon ) with the approval of Portuguese Ministry of Education ( Direcção Geral de Educação - Equipa de Recursos e Tecnologias Educativas ) .
Dates
References
External links
DGE/ERTE Home Page ( Directorate-General for Education/Team of Educational Resources and Technologies )
Fundação AIP Home Page ( AIP Foundation )
Trade shows games
Trade fairs in Portugal
Video game trade shows
Video gaming in Portugal
Annual events in Lisbon
Computer-related trade shows
Festivals in Lisbon
Recurring events established in 2010
2014 establishments in Portugal
Tourist attractions in Lisbon
Autumn events in Portugal
Leslie Ann Bassett ( born 1959 ) is a diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Paraguay . They were nominated by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the Senate in November 2014 . They presented their credentials January 15 , 2015 , and left the post January 31 , 2017 .
Early life and education
Bassett is one of three children of Carole Gilchrist Bassett and Kimbrough Stone Bassett . In 1981 , they graduated from the University of California , Davis with a bachelor 's degree in international relations .
Career
After college , Bassett became a copy editor for Computer Business News in Boston .
It was their great-great grandfather , Senator William J . Stone of Missouri , who inspired Bassett 's interest in foreign service . They sat as Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee a hundred years before the committee recommended Senate approval of Bassett 's nomination as ambassador to Paraguay in 2014 . When they first joined the Foreign Service , Bassett held several international assignments , including posts in Tel Aviv , Israel ; San Salvador , El Salvador ; Durban , South Africa and Managua , Nicaragua .
After returning to Washington , D.C. , they earned an M.A . in 1998 from Johns Hopkins University and an M.S . in national security policy studies from the National War College in 1999 .
Other international assignments followed . Bassett was Counselor for Political-Economic Affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Bogota , Colombia from 1999 to 2001 and Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Gaborone , Botswana from 2001 to 2004 .
Bassett served at the Embassy in Mexico from 2006 to 2009 .
When President Obama nominated them to become ambassador , they were serving as Deputy Chief of Mission for the U.S. Embassy in Seoul , South Korea .
Personal life
Bassett has one daughter .
See also
References
1959 births
Living people
Ambassadors of the United States to Paraguay
Johns Hopkins University alumni
National War College alumni
Obama administration personnel
University of California , Davis alumni
American women ambassadors
21st-century American women
The Lisbon tramway network ( ) is a system of trams that serve Lisbon , capital city of Portugal . In operation since 1873 , it presently comprises six lines . The system has a length of 31 km , and 63 trams in operation ( 45 historic `` Remodelados '' , 8 historic `` Ligeiros '' and 10 modern articulated trams ) . The depot is located in Santo Amaro , in Alcântara .
History
Origin
Lisbon 's municipal government wished to develop urban transit and granted concessions to build and operate various systems that included funiculars and tramways . The first tramway in Lisbon entered service on 17 November 1873 as a horsecar line . The vehicles , called americanos after their point of origin , were initially deployed in the flat parts of the city where animals were capable of hauling their passenger loads .
Cable trams
To surmount the steep slopes where draft animal conveyance was impossible , funiculars were envisioned in proposals made to the municipal government in 1882 . The first of them started operating in 1884 . This inaugurated the era of cable-driven transport , but the technology of electrical generation , transmission and power was developing concurrently and would eventually supersede it .
Cable tram services ( or cable cars ) afforded an alternative to funiculars for the longer and curved routes required to follow Lisbon 's streets . Individual vehicles grasp a steel cable that runs continuously in a channel below the roadway surface . The transport company that ran the funiculars applied for and received the concessions to operate cable trams and from 1890 initially proposed two routes based on plans by the Portuguese engineer Raoul Mesnier du Ponsard , who had already designed Lisbon 's funiculars . In all , three lines operated in the city . Each had a gauge , corresponding to that of the extant americanos . The rolling stock on the Estrela and Graça lines were built by Maschinenfabrik Esslingen ; the São Sebastião cars apparently were designed by Maschinenfabrik Esslingen but built in Portugal .
Elevador da Estrela
The first line , put into operation on 15 August 1890 , was long and ran from Praça Camões to Largo da Estrela . At the Estrela terminal , the company set up a small depot where the steam-operated powerhouse was also located . Rolling stock consisted of a tug and trailer . Since single-ended vehicles were used on the Estrela route , there was a turntable there and a turning loop ( raquette ) at Praça Camões . The service ran until 1913 when it was rendered economically unviable by competing electric trams . Its former route is now part of 28E 's .
Elevador da Graça
The second line ran from Rua da Palma on a long route to Largo da Graça , climbing in altitude . It was opened on 26 March 1893 . The depot and powerhouse were at the Graça terminal . The Graça route was served by bidirectional vehicles . Service ended in 1913 but part of the route was revived in 1915 and continues to operate as an electric tram line ( 12E ) .
Elevador de São Sebastião
On 15 January 1899 a third cable tram line started operating under a different concession from the other two . It was the longest of the lines , extending for between São Sebastião and Rossio . The depot and powerhouse were in Palhavá ( São Sebastião ) . It also ran for the shortest time of any of the lines , suffering bankruptcy in 1901 .
Electrification and modern era
On 30 August 1901 , Lisbon 's first electric tramway commenced operations . Within a year , all of the city 's americano routes had been converted to electric traction , and by 1913 the cable trams were retired .
Until 1959 , the network of lines continued to be developed , and in that year it reached its greatest extent . At that time , there were 27 tram lines in Lisbon , of which six operated as circle lines . As the circle lines operated in both clockwise and anticlockwise directions , each with its own route number , it is more correct to speak of a total of 24 tram routes , all of them running on narrow gauge tram lines .
The slow decline of the network began with the construction of the Lisbon Metro and the expansion of the bus system .
Current network
The current lines are :
12 - Praça da Figueira → Miradouro de Santa Luzia circular route ( clockwise only )
15 - Praça da Figueira ↔ Belém ↔ Algés
18 - Cais do Sodré railway station ↔ Cemitério da Ajuda
24 - Praça Luís de Camões ↔ Campolide
25 - Praça da Figueira ↔ Campo de Ourique ( Prazeres )
28 - Praça Martim Moniz ↔ Graça ↔ Estrela ↔ Campo de Ourique ( Prazeres )
The six remaining lines operate in the southern city centre and west of the city only . Aside from the obvious tourist attraction , those lines are still important because sections of the city 's topography can only be crossed by small trams . Tram 15 also connects the entire western riverfront of the city to the centre and allows a better link for passengers with the bus system towards an area that still is not served by the metro .
Although reports prepared by both the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne and the Verkehrsbetriebe Zürich concluded that the network should be retained and even extended , the process of decline continued until 1997 , with the closing of the Alto de São João branch and the Arco Cego depot . By that time , many trams were destroyed or sold to other companies . In the following twenty years , there was only one change to the system , the shortening of Line 18 to Cais do Sodré .
Expansion
In an apparent reversal of policy , the mayor ( president of the city council ) of Lisbon , Fernando Medina , announced in December 2016 that tram 24 would be restored to service in 2017 between Cais do Sodré and Campolide , saying that it was a mistake to reduce the city 's network of electric trams and that work would be undertaken to reconstruct it .
Carris originally said this was not a priority , but its 2018 Activity and Budget Plan provides for the purchase in 2020-2021 of :
10 more remodelados to augment the current historical fleet and reopen line 24 between Cais do Sodré and Campolide , at a cost of €8 million ;
20 more articulated trams to extend line 15 eastwards to Santa Apolónia station and the Parque das Nações , at a cost of €50 million .
On 24 April 2018 , Line 24 was reopened , albeit initially between Camões and Campolide only . Track connections to the rebuilt loop at Cais do Sodré and some other track issues between Camões and Cais do Sodré will need to be attended to before operation to Cais do Sodré is possible .
In July 2021 agreement was reached for two further extensions :
a 12.1 km U-shaped surface metro connecting the terminus of the yellow line at Odivelas to the Hospital Beatriz Ângelo in one direction and Loures in the other ;
an additional 24 km of line on route 15 , extending it to Linda-a-Velha in the west and to Sacavém in the north-east .
Rolling stock
The tram fleet has fallen in size from 57 in 2012 to 48 in 2016 . Vehicles used are :
'Articulado ' trams made by Siemens ( Siemens/CAF nos 501-506 and Siemens/Sorefame nos 507–510 ) . These articulated vehicles were introduced in 1995 and run only on route 15 .
'Remodelado ' trams ( nos 541–585 ) used on all routes .
Tourist trams used on some routes .
See also
Ascensor da Bica
Ascensor da Glória
Ascensor do Lavra
Carris
List of town tramway systems in Portugal
References
Notes
Books
Website
External links
Tram 28 in Lisbon
Tram 28 route on Google Map
Lisbon Metro Map
This article is based on a translation of the German language version as of March 2011 .
Lisbon
Transport in Lisbon
Lisbon
900 mm gauge railways in Portugal
600 V DC railway electrification
1873 establishments in Portugal
Marsha K. Caddle is a politician and economist from Barbados , who is a Member of Parliament and the Minister of Finance , Economic Affairs and Investment .
Biography
Caddle grew up in Haggatt Hall in St. Michael , Barbados . They attended Belmont Primary School and for secondary education , Harrison College . They studied Economics at the Universidad Católica Santo Domingo , and subsequently moved to postgraduate study at the University of Utah . They have also worked in Poverty Analysis and Measurement with the Oxford Poverty and Human Development Initiative . In 2006 they became a member of the International Association for Feminist Economics and the International Working Group on Gender , Macroeconomics and International Economics .
Prior to their work in parliament , Caddle held several roles in development , including as manager of the Economic Security and Rights programme of the United Nations Development Fund for Women Caribbean Office . They subsequently worked as Programme Manager , Poverty and Economic Security with the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) and as governance strategy manager for the Caribbean Development Bank .
A member of the Barbados Labour Party , Caddle is the Member of Parliament for the St Michael South Central constituency . They were first elected to parliament on 26 May 2018 Barbados general election , unseating the then Tourism Minister Richard Sealy .
In 2021 Caddle led the delegation from Barbados to the COP 26 conference , since their ministerial role leads on climate crisis and climate finance . For Barbados , rising temperatures means increasingly severe weather , including hurricanes and drought . They have been outspoken about how the main driver of debt for Caribbean countries is the effect of the climate crisis .
Personal life
Caddle married Abdul Mohamed in June 2021 .
References
External links
Hon . Marsha K. Caddle , M.P 15th Sitting of The Honourable The House Of Assembly
Interview with the Hon . Marsha Caddle
Cop26 's ticking clock , an inside view – in pictures
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Barbados Labour Party politicians
Members of the House of Assembly of Barbados
University of Utah alumni
People educated at Harrison College ( Barbados )
21st-century Barbadian women politicians
21st-century Barbadian politicians
Economy ministers of Barbados
Finance ministers of Barbados
Women government ministers of Barbados
An inflation hedge is an investment intended to protect the investor against ( hedge ) a decrease in the purchasing power of money ( inflation ) .
Barron 's Finance & Investment Handbook states : `` Traditionally , gold and real estate have a reputation as good inflation hedges , though growth in stocks also can offset inflation in the long run . Money market funds , which pay higher yields as interest rates rise during inflation times , can also be a good inflation hedge . ''
Certain cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin or Ether are sometimes considered a modern `` digital gold '' and an alternative hedge against inflation to the more traditional gold , though their ability to hedge against inflation has been disputed .
Silver is also considered by some to be a hedge against inflation .
Platinum , once considered to be a more speculative metal for investors , has turned out in the 2020s to be a metal seen as a hedge against inflation similar or superior to gold , silver , or Bitcoin .
See also
Bitcoin
Bullion
Ether
Gold
Gold bar
Gold reserve
Inflation-indexed bond
Platinum
Silver
References
Asset
Inflation
Menehune are a mythological race of dwarf people in Hawaiian tradition who are said to live in the deep forests and hidden valleys of the Hawaiian Islands , hidden and far away from human settlements .
The Menehune are described as superb craftspeople . They built temples ( heiau ) , fishponds , roads , canoes , and houses . Some of these structures that Hawaiian folklore attributed to the Menehune still exist . They are said to have lived in Hawaii before settlers arrived from Polynesia many centuries ago . Their favorite food is the maia ( banana ) , and they also like fish . Legend has it that the Menehune will only appear during night hours , in order to build masterpieces . But if they fail to complete their work in the length of the night , they will leave it unoccupied . No one but their children and humans connected to them are able to see the Menehune .
Research
In Martha Warren Beckwith 's Hawaiian Mythology , there are references to several other forest dwelling races : the Nawao , who were large-sized wild hunters descended from Lua-nuu , the mu people , and the wa people .
Some early scholars hypothesized that there was a first settlement of Hawaii , by settlers from the Marquesas Islands , and a second , from Tahiti . The Tahitian settlers oppressed the `` commoners '' , the manahune in the Tahitian language , who fled to the mountains and were called Menahune . Proponents of this hypothesis point to an 1820 census of Kauai by Kaumualii , the ruling alii aimoku of the island , which listed 65 people as menehune .
Folklorist Katharine Luomala believes that the legends of the Menehune are a post-European contact mythology created by adaptation of the term manahune ( which by the time of the colonization of the Hawaiian Islands by Europeans had acquired a meaning of `` lowly people '' or `` low social status '' and not diminutive in stature ) to European legends of brownies . It is claimed that `` Menehune '' are not mentioned in pre-contact mythology , although this is unproven since it was clearly an oral mythology ; the legendary `` overnight '' creation of the Alekoko fishpond , for example , finds its equivalent in the legend about the creation of a corresponding structure on Oahu , which was supposedly indeed completed in a single day — not by menehune but , as a show of power , by a local alii who commanded every one of their subjects appear at the construction site and assist in building .
Structures attributed to the Menehune
Menehune Fishpond wall at Niumalu , Kauai
Kīkīaola ditch at Waimea , Kauai
Necker Island structures
Pa o ka menehune , breakwater at Kahaluu Bay .
Ulupo Heiau at Kailua , Oahu
Other uses
In the experimental 1970s Aloha network developed at the University of Hawaii , the packet controllers were called Menehune , a pun on the equivalent IMP ( Interface Message Processor ) in the early ARPAnet . The modern Ethernet was based on the carrier sense multiple access with collision detection ( CSMA/CD ) methodology pioneered by ALOHAnet .
The Menehune is the school mascot of Waimea High School on Kaua ' i and Makakilo Elementary School , Maunawili Elementary School , Moanalua High School and Mililani Waena Elementary School on O'ahu .
United Airlines used the Menehune in brand advertising for their service to Hawaii in the 1970s through the 1980s . The figurines and travel agency displays are now collectors ' items .
Carl Barks wrote a story featuring Scrooge McDuck helped by Menehunes , `` The Menehune Mystery '' .
The Menehune play a key role in the Rocket Power TV movie , Island of the Menehune .
The menehune are key figures in the children 's story , “ My Sister Sif ” , written by acclaimed Australian author , Ruth Park .
The Forerunner Saga , set in the Halo universe , identifies Menehune as members of the human subspecies Homo floresiensis settled on Hawaii following activation of the Halo Array 100,000 years ago . The floresiensis of this setting feature characteristics inspired by Menehune , such as shyness towards humans and a love for building clever structures .
See also
Patupaiarehe , similar supernatural beings in Māori mythology
Taotao Mona , similar supernatural beings in the Marianas
Anito , similar supernatural beings in the Philippines
Homo floresiensis , a presumed extinct species of very small bipedal tool bearers in the genus Homo found in South East Asia
Huldufólk , elves in Icelandic tradition .
Little people ( mythology )
Paupueo , whose owls chase away the Menehune
Leprechaun , Irish imp or fairy
Vazimba , similar belief in Madagascar .
Notes
References
www.sacredtexts.com
Luomala , Katharine ( 1951 ) : `` The Menehune of Polynesia and Other Mythical Little People of Oceania '' . Bernice P. Bishop Museum Bulletin Vol . 203 ; Kraus Reprint , Millwood , N.Y. , 1986
Nordhoff , Charles ( 1874 ) : Northern California , Oregon and the Sandwich Islands , Chapter V , p. 80 : `` The Hawaiian at Home : Manners and Customs '' . Sampson Low , Marston , Low & Searle , London ; available free online at
Schmitt , Robert C. , `` Early Hawaiian Statistics , '' The American Statistician , Vol . 35 , No . 1 , pages 1–3 , February , 1981 ; ( Retrieved on 2008-02-16 )
External links
The Three Menehune of Ainahou
Hawaiian legendary creatures
Shingbahura , also spelled Shingbaura , is a village ( postcode 3883 ) in Chatkhil Upazila , Noakhali District , Chittagong Division , Bangladesh . Shingbahura is famous for many things . One is Arafat Rahman Bilas ( born on 26 February 1998 ) a Social Worker and a Businessman . They are notable for their contribution to the people who do n't get a delicious meal in their daily life . They are one of the Founding members and the current president of The Dawat Committee . It 's a nonprofit organization . This Organization helps people to get a healthy and delicious meals in their daily life .
They are also an honorary member of a non-profit organization called ( the Human Service Association Shingbahura ) . Over the years this organization helped a lot of people who were in need . In these past recent years , Mr. Bilas helped the organization to manage a lot of blood donation campaigns in Noakhali .
H.S.A.S . is donating money , clothes , food , etc to the poor people who are in need .
Shingbahura is also known for Safayet Sazzad , They are also a respected member of the H.S.A.S .
References
Populated places in Noakhali District
Villages in Noakhali District
The Iceland national under-17 football team represents Iceland in international football at this age level and is controlled by Knattspyrnusamband Íslands ( KSÍ ) , the governing body for football in Iceland .
History in the UEFA European Under-17 Championship
Between 1982-2019 this was an under-16 championship .
Current squad
The squad called up for a friendly in Israel on the 23 January 2021 . Caps and goals as of 15 March 2021 .
See also
Iceland national football team
Iceland national under-21 football team
Iceland national under-19 football team
Iceland women 's national football team
References
Under-17
European national under-17 association football teams
Dispatch Packet ( or Dispatch ) was launched in France in 1807 , probably under another name . They were taken in prize and from 1808 sailed from Falmouth , Cornwall , as a packet for the Post Office Packet Service . They sailed primarily to the Iberian peninsula , but also made voyages to North America , Suriname , and the Mediterranean . They were wrecked on 14 April 1812 while returning to Falmouth from Malta .
The following information is from Howat .
Fate
Dispatch was wrecked on a shoal between Malta and Mazara del Vallo , Trapani . All on board and the mails were rescued .
Captain Kirkness returned to England aboard the store ship .
Citations and references
Citations
References
1807 ships
Ships built in France
Captured ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Falmouth Packets
Maritime incidents in 1812
Gunnar Hägg ( December 14 , 1903 in Stockholm – May 28 , 1986 in Uppsala ) was a Swedish chemist and crystallographer .
Education and career
Hägg studied chemistry at Stockholm University from 1922 , was a Ramsay Fellow at the University of London in 1926 , studying under Frederick G. Donnan . They obtained their PhD in Stockholm in 1929 under Arne Westgren for the work X-ray studies on the binary systems of iron with nitrogen , phosphorus , arsenic , antimony and bismuth . After that they became a lecturer at the Stockholm University and in 1930 at the University of Jena , Germany . In 1937 they became professor of inorganic and general chemistry at Uppsala University . They retired in 1969 .
Hägg 's research dealt with nitrides , borides , carbides and hydrides of transition metals and determined their crystal structure with X-ray diffraction . They also developed X-ray cameras and calculating machines for this purpose . Their investigations into phases and phase transformations in steel had practical applications . In Sweden they are known for their university chemistry textbooks .
Honors and awards
They were a member of the Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala ( 1940 ) , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences ( 1942 ) , the Royal Physiographic Society in Lund ( 1943 ) and the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences , from which they received the Great Gold Medal in 1969 . In 1960 they also became a member of the German National Academy of Sciences Leopoldina . A room in Uppsala University 's Ångstrom Laboratory is named after him . In 1968 they received the Oscar Carlson Medal and in 1997 the Gunnar Starck Medal from the Swedish Chemical Society . From 1965 to 1976 they were a member of the Nobel Committee for Chemistry ( and chairperson in 1976 ) .
Bibliography
References
1986 deaths
1903 births
Swedish people
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Members of the Royal Physiographic Society in Lund
Uppsala University faculty
20th-century chemists
Crystallographers
Stockholm University alumni
Stockholm University faculty
University of Jena faculty
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
Inorganic chemists
Swedish chemists
A double scull is a rowing boat used in the sport of competitive rowing . It is designed for two persons who propel the boat by sculling with two oars each , one in each hand .
Racing boats ( often called `` shells '' ) are long , narrow , and broadly semi-circular in cross-section in order to reduce drag to a minimum . They usually have a fin towards the rear , to help prevent roll and yaw . Originally made from wood , shells are now almost always made from a composite material ( usually carbon-fibre reinforced plastic ) for strength and weight advantages . The riggers in sculling apply the forces symmetrically to each side of the boat .
Double sculls is one of the classes recognized by the International Rowing Federation and the Olympics .
In contrast to the combination of the coxed pair , in which the distribution of the riggers means the forces are staggered alternately along the boat , the symmetrical forces in sculling make the boat more efficient and so the double scull is faster than the coxless pair .
A double sculling skiff has a similar layout to a double scull and is rowed in a similar way but usually has a cox as well as two rowers . It is clinker built with fixed seats and thole pins and can be skiffed for leisure purposes or for the sport of skiff racing .
See also
Rowing at the Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships
Double Sculls Challenge Cup at Henley Royal Regatta
Single scull
Quad scull
References
Rowing racing boats
The Siki River is a river located in the Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea .
Rivers of Papua New Guinea
Morobe Province
The dark-backed weaver ( Ploceus bicolor ) , also known as the forest weaver , is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae .
It is found in Angola , Burundi , Cameroon , Republic of the Congo , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Equatorial Guinea , Eswatini , Gabon , Kenya , Malawi , Mozambique , Nigeria , Rwanda , Somalia , South Africa , South Sudan , Tanzania , Uganda , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
References
External links
Dark-backed weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch .
( Dark-backed weaver = ) Forest weaver - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds .
image at ADW
dark-backed weaver
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
dark-backed weaver
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Wierzchowiska Drugie may refer to the following places :
Wierzchowiska Drugie , Janów Lubelski County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Wierzchowiska Drugie , Świdnik County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Wierzchowiska Drugie , Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Communication-Centric Intelligence Satellite is an Indian advanced reconnaissance satellite , being developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) . It will be India 's first officially declared dedicated spy satellite and is expected to be in orbit , tentatively , by 2014 . This satellite will help Indian intelligence agencies to significantly boost surveillance of terror camps in neighbouring countries .
Utilisation
The CCI-Sat will be able to capture images , eaves drop on communication ( for example , a conversation between two satellite phones ) and perform surveillance . It will be equipped with a synthetic aperture radar to take high-resolution images of target regions . The cost of the satellite is expected to be around ₹ 100 crore ( around US $ 25 million ) . ISRO will contribute towards the satellite 's design and development and the Defence Electronics Research Laboratory ( DLRL ) will be responsible for manufacturing the payload .
According to DLRL Director G Boopathy , the CCI-Sat is an essential component of the initiative taken by the Government of India to further develop the electronic warfare capabilities of the Indian Army , Navy and Air Force ,
Description
According to Bhoopathy , the CCI-Sat would orbit Earth at an altitude of 500 km and provide surveillance and monitoring regions in promitiy to India and passing on surveillance data to India intelligence agencies . Bhoopathy also added that India 's defense doctrine would continue to develop assets in space and that the equipping for electronic warfare from space was a major goal of the Government of India .
Future plans
This satellite will also be a test bed for future technology . Similar in line with Cartosats , the satellite can be steered up to high degrees along , as well as across , the track , with one end-objective of providing an agile platform to field cutting edge technology developed from previous experience gained by India 's extensive remote sensing and TES satellite programs .
See also
RISAT-2
Cartosat-2
Cartosat-2A
Cartosat-2B
Cartosat-3
Technology Experiment Satellite
List of Indian satellites
References
Space programme of India
Reconnaissance satellites
Synthetic aperture radar satellites
This is a list of listed buildings in Odder Municipality , Denmark .
Listed buildings
References
External links
Danish Agency of Culture
Odder
In molecular biology , calmodulin binding domain ( CaMBD ) is a protein domain found in small-conductance calcium-activated potassium channels ( SK channels ) . These channels are independent of voltage and gated solely by intracellular Ca2+ . They are heteromeric complexes that comprise pore-forming alpha-subunits and the Ca2+-binding protein calmodulin ( CaM ) . CaM binds to the SK channel through the CaMBD , which is located in an intracellular region of the alpha-subunit immediately carboxy-terminal to the pore . Channel opening is triggered when Ca2+ binds the EF hands in the N-lobe of CaM . The structure of this domain complexed with CaM is known . This domain forms an elongated dimer with a CaM molecule bound at each end ; each CaM wraps around three alpha-helices , two from one CaMBD subunit and one from the other .
References
Protein families
, better known as was a Japanese professional wrestler , road agent , on-air personality and referee best known for their tenures with the Japan Pro Wrestling Alliance ( JWA ) and All Japan Pro-Wrestling . The first official Japanese referee in the NWA , they were known as one of the best referees in the business and the most popular referee in Japanese Puroresu history .
They were inducted into the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum as a member of the Class of 2018 .
Early life
Higuchi Kanji was born on January 19 , 1929 , in Yokohama , Japan . They were a judo practitioner in their youth and became a judo instructor for the GHQ after World War II . Working as a trainer for the mostly-American soldiers , they were able to learn English and gained the nickname `` Joe '' .
JWA
Higuchi had trained in professional wrestling with Raul Romero and Tojo Yamamoto and in 1954 , they joined the Japan Pro-Wrestling Association ( which was run by Toshio Yamaguchi and Umeyuki Kiyomikawa ) as a professional wrestler . In 1956 , they competed in the Japanese Light Heavyweight division tournament where they finished as the third ranked Light Heavyweight in Japan . They also joined the JWA , which of whom they competed with in the 1950s and retired as an in-ring competitor in 1960 .
Having learned English during their time with the GHQ , Higuchi returned to the JWA as the interpreter and point of contact for gaijin ( foreign ) wrestlers . They made their debut as a referee in 1965 .
All Japan Pro Wrestling
An AJPW original from its inception in 1972 , Higuchi gained fame as the senior referee of the promotion , a position they held from 1972 to 1990 . They were also a prominent backstage official for the company and was the `` go between '' during talent exchanges between AJPW and Dory Funk Sr. 's promotion in America . They were the first official Japanese referee of the NWA , refereeing bouts such the NWA World Heavyweight Championship match between Jack Briscoe and Dory Funk Jr. in St. Louis , United States . In the early 80 's AJPW bouts were booked more akin to the American style and Higuchi became known for their bump-taking . They retired as a referee in 1997 and took up the position of caretaker for the gaijin talent . They left AJPW in 1999 following the passing of its founder , Giant Baba . Their last officiated match was the Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship bout between Mitsuharu Misawa and `` Dr. Death '' Steve Williams at Nippon Budokan in Tokyo on March 1 , 1997 .
On the independently produced DVD WCCW and the Von Erichs , Heroes of World Class , it was stated by WCCW booker Gary Hart that Joe Higuchi was the Japan official that contacted WCCW when the body of David Von Erich was found while on tour in Japan .
Pro Wrestling Noah
Following Giant Baba 's passing in 1999 , many of the AJPW talent departed the company to form Pro Wrestling Noah . With their history in the business , Higuchi was brought into Noah by executive and former AJPW ring announcer Nakada Ryu as a member of the board of directors They became the statutory auditor in the promotion and was also the on-air chairperson of the GHC Heavyweight Championship committee in 2001 .
On November 8 , 2010 , Higuchi , known as one of Japan 's greatest referees , passed away at the age of 81 .
Legacy
During their career , Higuchi refereed more than 20,000 matches over 32 years . On December 5 , 2010 , Pro Wrestling Noah held the `` Joe Higuchi Memorial Show '' in Tokyo , Japan in Higuchi 's honour . They were posthumously given a Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2010 Tokyo Sports Puroresu Awards and was inducted into the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum as a member of the Class of 2018 and the inaugural member of the new referee category .
References
1929 births
2010 deaths
Sportspeople from Yokohama
Japanese male professional wrestlers
Professional wrestling referees
Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum
The Tengyur or Tanjur or Bstan-'gyur ( Tibetan : `` Translation of Teachings '' ) is the Tibetan collection of commentaries to the Buddhist teachings , or `` Translated Treatises '' .
The Buddhist Canon
To the Tengyur were assigned commentaries to both Sutras and Tantras , treatises and abhidharma works ( both Mahayana and non-Mahayana ) .
Together with the 108-volume Kangyur ( the Collection of the Words of the Buddha ) , these form the basis of the Tibetan Buddhist canon . `` The Kangyur usually takes up a hundred or a hundred and eight volumes , the Tengyur two hundred and twenty-five , and the two together contain 4,569 works . ''
As example , the content of the Beijing Tengyur :
Stotras ( `` Hymns of Praise '' ) : 1 Volume ; 64 texts .
Commentaries on the Tantras : 86 Volumes ; 3055 texts .
Commentaries on Sutras ; 137 Volumes ; 567 texts .
Prajnaparamita Commentaries , 16 Volumes .
Madhyamika Treatises , 29 Volumes .
Yogacara Treatises , 29 Volumes .
Abhidharma , 8 Volumes .
Miscellaneous Texts , 4 Volumes .
Vinaya Commentaries , 16 Volumes .
Tales and Dramas , 4 Volumes .
Technical Treatises , 43 Volumes .
The Bön Tengyur
The Tibetan Bön religion , under the influence of Buddhism , also has its canon literature divided into two sections called the Kangyur and Tengyur but the number and contents of the collection are not yet fully known . Apparently , Bön began to take more on a literary form about the time Buddhism began to enter Tibet , although it could have had some written register some time before that .
See also
Buddhism
Kangyur
Footnotes
References
Schlagintweit , Emil ( 2006 ) Buddhism in Tibet : Illustrated by Literary Documents and Objects Of Religious Worship With An Account Of The Buddhist Systems Preceding It In India
Stein , R. A . ( 1962 ) Tibetan Civilization . First English edition - translated by J. E. Stapleton Driver ( 1972 ) . Reprint ( 1972 ) : Stanford University Press , Stanford , California ( cloth ) ;
Tucci , Giuseppe . The Religions of Tibet . ( 1970 ) . First English edition , translated by Geoffrey Samuel ( 1980 ) . Reprint : ( 1988 ) , University of California Press ( cloth ) ; ( pbk )
External links
AIBS ' Tengyur translation initiative
Resources for Kanjur & Tanjur Studies ~ Universität Wien
ACIP 's Derge Tengyur etext
TBRC 's Tengyur scans
Translation of texts
Tibetan Buddhist treatises
Tripiṭaka
The Godfrey Lowell Cabot Science Library is one of the libraries of the Harvard University and serves mainly undergraduate students . It opened in 1973 as a part of the Harvard Science Center and was named after Godfrey Lowell Cabot , a Harvard graduate chemist . The library was transformed in 2016 , with more flexible spaces and updated media resources .
References
External links
Cabot Library Website
Harvard University buildings
Science libraries in the United States
Caulanthus coulteri is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae known by the common name Coulter 's wild cabbage .
It is endemic to California , where it is a widespread member of the flora in several dry , open habitat types , such as chaparral and Mojave Desert .
Description
Caulanthus coulteri is a tall annual herb producing a slender , branching stem lined with generally lance-shaped leaves which may be smooth to sharply sawtoothed along the edges .
The widely spaced flowers are somewhat bullet-shaped with coats of pouched sepals which are bright to deep purple when new and fade to yellow-green . The sepals open to reveal dark-veined petal tips with wavy margins .
The fruit is a long , thin silique which may approach 13 centimeters in length .
References
External links
Photo gallery
coulteri
Endemic flora of California
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of the Sierra Nevada ( United States )
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Natural history of the Central Valley ( California )
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Natural history of the Santa Monica Mountains
Plants described in 1871
Bieniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec , west of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
USA-145 , also known as GPS IIR-3 and GPS SVN-46 , is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System . It was the third Block IIR GPS satellite to be launched , out of thirteen in the original configuration , and twenty one overall . It was built by Lockheed Martin , using the AS-4000 satellite bus .
USA-145 was launched at 12:51:01 UTC on 7 October 1999 , atop a Delta II carrier rocket , flight number D275 , flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration . The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , and placed USA-145 into a transfer orbit . The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor .
By 10 November 1999 , USA-145 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.96 minutes , and 53 degrees of inclination to the equator . It is used to broadcast the PRN 11 signal , and operated in slot 2 of plane D of the GPS constellation ; however , it had been moved to slot 5 by 2011 , with USA-71 covering slot 2 . The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years . As of 2019 it remains in service .
GPS IIR-3 was originally intended to use satellite SVN-50 ; however , it was damaged during launch preparations in May 1999 after rainwater leaked into the cleanroom atop SLC-17A where the satellite was being attached to its rocket . SVN-50 was repaired and launched as GPS IIR-21 , becoming the last IIR to fly .
References
Spacecraft launched in 1999
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Blackstairs Mountain ( ) in southern Leinster , is the second-highest mountain in the Blackstairs Mountains.The mountain stretches from Rathgeran to Gowlin at Cathaoirs Den
See also
List of mountains in Ireland
Mountains and hills of County Carlow
Mountains and hills of County Wexford
Mountains under 1000 metres
David and Goliath : Underdogs , Misfits , and the Art of Battling Giants is a non-fiction book written by Malcolm Gladwell and published by Little , Brown and Company on October 1 , 2013 . The book focuses on the probability of improbable events occurring in situations where one outcome is greatly favored over the other . The book contains many different stories of these underdogs who wind up beating the odds , the most famous being the story of David and Goliath . Despite generally negative reviews , the book was a bestseller , rising to # 4 on The New York Times Hardcover Non-fiction chart , and # 5 on USA Today Best-Selling Books .
Origin
The book is partially inspired by an article Gladwell wrote for The New Yorker in 2009 entitled `` How David Beats Goliath '' .
Summary
David and Goliath employs individual case studies and comparison to provide a wide range of examples where perceived major disadvantages in fact turn out to be the keys to the underdog Davids ' triumph against Goliath-like opponents or situations . In one arc , Gladwell cites various seeming afflictions that may in fact have significantly contributed to success , linking dyslexia with the high-flying career of lawyer David Boies , and the loss of a parent at an early age with the exceptional research work of oncologist Emil `` Jay '' Freireich . These anecdotal lessons are anchored by references to research in the social sciences .
Other examples include : Vivek Ranadive , and a middle school girls ' basketball team in Redwood City ; Teresa DeBrito , and the impact of class size regulations ; Caroline Sacks , and choosing between going to a top-tier college or a second-tier college ; David Boies and how they still have a great career despite having or perhaps because of their dyslexia or a desirable difficulty ; Jay Frederich and their cancer research , London bombings in World War II , and the effect of `` remote misses '' on the city 's morale and a person 's courage ; activist Wyatt Walker and how they and Martin Luther King Jr. were able to make the Birmingham riot of 1963 a historically significant event in the civil rights movement using Brer Rabbit-like tactics ; Rosemary Lawlor and how the Northern Irish police 's reaction to religious riots in Belfast in 1969 led to a 30-year conflict called The Troubles , and contrasting this to how a police officer in New York City created a program that connected with troubled youths and their families ; how Mike Reynolds ' reaction to a family member being murdered led to the California Three-strikes law and how Wilma Derksen 's reaction led to a completely different result ; and André Trocmé , a pastor in a small town in the French mountains Le Chambon-sur-Lignon that stood up to the Nazi regime and harbored Jewish refugees .
Critical reception
Critical response to David and Goliath was largely negative . The book was unfavorably reviewed twice in The New York Times . Janet Maslin quipped , `` As usual , Mr. Gladwell 's science is convenient '' , and they conclude that `` the book 's middle section is its messiest '' , where the author attempts to link the experiences of famous dyslexics such as Brian Grazer and David Boies . Joe Nocera called the book `` deeply repetitive and a bewildering sprawl , '' suggesting that `` [ m ] aybe what 'David and Goliath ' really illustrates is that it 's time for Malcolm Gladwell to find a new shtick . ''
Writing in Esquire , Tom Junod echoed Nocera 's conclusion ; their review bore the title `` Malcolm Gladwell Runs Out of Tricks '' . Junod coined a term called `` The Gladwell Feint '' , whereby the author questions the obvious , and asserting that the reader 's preconceptions are wrong , before reassuring the reader that they have subconsciously known this all along . The Feint is an algorithm that produces reliably feel-good stories . `` Gladwell might be suspect as a philosopher , but their credentials as the Horatio Alger of late-period capitalism are unsurpassed . '' The New Republic reinforced this critique , calling the book less insightful than a Chinese fortune cookie and topping the review with the headline `` Malcolm Gladwell Is America 's Best-Paid Fairy-Tale Writer '' . The Wall Street Journal lamented , `` This is an entertaining book . But it teaches little of general import , for the morals of the stories it tells lack solid foundations in evidence and logic . ''
`` To read David and Goliath is to suffer the discomfort of watching a formidably intelligent author flailing—by citing all manner of social-scientific studies and battering us with charts and tables and graphs—to prove something that no one would disagree with in the first place '' , wrote Craig Seligman for Bloomberg News . `` The further I read into David and Goliath , the more irritated I got . I was n't persuaded there was much of a subject there , but what really bugged me was the tone . '' Seligman concluded , `` [ I ] n the past I 've always felt flattered by Gladwell 's writing . I like having things explained to me . But I do n't like being talked down to by someone who 's telling me things I already know . ''
However , Lucy Kellaway in the Financial Times wrote , `` David and Goliath is Gladwell 's most enjoyable book so far . It is a feel-good extravaganza , nourishing both heart and mind… Gladwell is a master at marching us off in one direction , only to end up taking us somewhere else instead—somewhere better . ''
See also
Legitimacy ( political )
References
External links
2013 non-fiction books
Little , Brown and Company books
Popular psychology books
Sociology books
Works by Malcolm Gladwell
Kunhing Township ( ) is a township of Loilen District in the Shan State of Myanmar . The principal town is Kunhing .
References
Townships of Shan State
Loilen District
College Lake is a rural cottage community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
Navigator
External links
Explore HRM
College Lake
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
GHL may refer to :
Ghulfan language
Global Hockey League
Glenohumeral ligaments
Golden Horseshoe Junior Hockey League
Greenhill & Co. , a US investment bank , NYSE symbol
Griffon Hoverwork , a UK hovercraft company
The Yamaha TZ 125 was a racing motorcycle produced by the Yamaha Motor Company from 1980 to 2010 . The motorcycle was powered by a two stroke 125 cc engine .
The first water cooled two stroke 125cc roadracer from Yamaha was released late in 1979 in the shape of the TZ 125G .
Japanese rider Yoshiaki Katoh became All Japan Road Race champion in 1993 on a Yamaha TZ125 .
References
TZ125
Grand Prix motorcycles
New Zealand 's Search and Surveillance Act 2012 received Royal Assent on 5 April 2012 , after being introduced in 2009 . The three-year gap between the introduction of the Bill into Parliament and assent indicates the extent of the debates that occurred over the proposed extension of search and surveillance powers held by the State . A number of parties were concerned with the effect the Act would have on individual human rights , and the Green Party expressed the view that enforcement agencies were already abusing their powers . Others argued that the Act would make it easier to determine in each situation whether a lawful search had been carried out , as the law would be more clear and accessible if contained in just one instrument . Some parties believed that codification and clarification of the search and surveillance law would result in more compatibility with human rights .
History
The creation of the Search and Surveillance Act 2012 was considered necessary by the New Zealand Parliament . Previously , both police and non-police powers were found in a myriad of statutes and amendments that had developed in a `` piecemeal fashion over a long period of time '' . In many circumstances , the correct legal test was difficult to ascertain , and rules would vary from one instrument to another . The New Zealand Law Commission said that because it is necessary for the State to exercise some coercive powers of surveillance , there must be requirements for regulation . Issues with the previous state of the law are exemplified in the case of Hamed & Ors v R , where uncertainty arose from the lack of statutory controls on police power in the area of visual surveillance .
The Law Commission also realised that much of the previous law was out of date ; the coercive powers held by enforcement agencies were insufficient to deal with sophisticated organised crime , which often utilised advanced technology . The report focused on the fact that most information is no longer only available in a hard copy , and instead computer and internet networks are increasingly used for communicating information .
New Zealand Law Commission report
The Commission discussed at chapter two of the report the balance needed between human rights values and law enforcement values , where a `` principled , values-based approach to search powers '' is needed . The main Bill of Rights Act provision that was brought into question by the proposed Bill was s21 , the right of individuals “ to be secure from unreasonable search or seizure , whether of the person , property , or correspondence , or otherwise ” . In the Search and Surveillance Act , any decision to exercise a search or seizure must be reasonable , as must the execution of the act . The Commission also recognized New Zealand 's international commitment to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights ( ICCPR ) . Four human rights values that the Commission felt the Bill potentially conflicted with were :
The protection of privacy
The protection of personal integrity
The protection of property rights
The maintenance of the rule of law
Protection of privacy
The degree of privacy to which everyone should be entitled is a well-debated topic . Given modern technologies , encroachments on individual privacy have become much easier , and there is a lot of concern for invasions of privacy by law enforcement activities . The Commission considered the wording of s21 of the Bill of Rights Act with reference to the draft White Paper Bill . The protection of s21 was intended to apply to `` any circumstances where state intrusion ... is unjustified '' and this was to extend to all forms of surveillance . Section 21 of the Bill of Rights Act partially incorporated the ICCPR , which emphasizes an international right to privacy . Even case law has indicated that the underpinning value in s21 is the right to privacy .
Protection of personal integrity
In some situations a reasonable search will also involve detaining the individual , which questions the right to be free from restraint . If detention is involved , law enforcement bodies must continue to `` respect human rights norms directed at personal integrity '' . This is also important in situations where body searches and blood tests are required .
Protection of property rights
Enjoyment of property rights is important to New Zealand society , and individuals see the protection of such rights as part of the state 's role . Although there is no direct reference to property rights in the Bill of Rights Act , s21 states that property can not be unreasonably searched or seized .
Maintenance of the rule of law
The importance of this is well summarized by the United Nations Human Rights Committee in its General Comment on article 17 of the ICCPR : `` The term 'unlawful ' means that no interference can take place except in cases envisaged by the law . Interference authorized by States can only take place on the basis of law ... '' . Any search or seizure can only take place if there is a positive law which allows this .
Reasonable limits on human rights
Human rights norms are only intended to protect against `` unreasonable '' search or seizure . This means that in some situations reasonable limits will be placed on rights in order to achieve `` the functioning of the state and to protect the rights of others '' . Difficulties with the application of the right to privacy can be seen in Article 8 ( 2 ) of the European Convention on Human Rights , where public authorities may interfere with individual privacy rights for reasons including `` in the interests of national security , public safety or the economic well-being of the country , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others '' . To determine reasonableness of an invasion of privacy , the Commission suggests consideration of a range of factors such as : the significance of the right contained in the relevant Bill of Rights Act section , the public interest of the intrusion on the particular right , how effective the invasion is in protecting interests which were provided to justify limitations on a right , and the proportionality of the intrusion .
Submission by the Human Rights Commission
The purpose of the Human Rights Commission in New Zealand is the protection of human rights in accordance with the United Covenants and Conventions on Human Rights . The Submission agreed with the New Zealand Law Commission Report , in that any new piece of legislation would have to balance law enforcement values and human rights values . The Commission discussed the potential rights violations that might occur if five extensions of power proposed by the Bill were enacted :
Extending search and surveillance powers to other agencies
Consent to search by a minor
Residual warrants
Examination orders
Confidential journalistic sources .
Extension of search and surveillance powers
The Bill consolidated police powers , but also extended search and surveillance powers to non-enforcement agencies . The Commission expressed concern that this extension was unnecessary and that the powers granted were `` disproportionately invasive '' .
Consent by minors
As a general rule , minors under 14 are unable to consent to any type of search , however the Bill validates consent when a minor is operating a vehicle and there is nobody over 14 in the vehicle at the time . The age of 14 is used because that is the age when a child can legally be left alone without parental supervision . The Commission felt that it was unnecessary to lower the age to 14 in such circumstances . The Convention on the Rights of the Child specifies that a person is a child until they turn 18 , and the Commission considered that this is the age of consent that should be used in all search situations .
Residual warrants
This type of warrant is required when the search proposed by the enforcement agency may result in an invasion of a person 's reasonable expectation of privacy . It is up to the agency to make the decision as to whether there might be an intrusion of a person 's reasonable expectation of privacy , and the Commission considered that this may conflict with human rights values .
Examination orders
The Bill gives enforcement agencies a limited power of examination in reference to individual persons , as long as the agency has grounds to suspect a specific offence has been or will be committed , and that the person possesses relevant information . This would be contrary to the privilege against self-incrimination in many situations . The Commission wanted the definition of information limited to `` assessments of complex documents for fraud purposes '' to try and protect people from unjust self-incrimination .
Confidential journalistic source
Although freedom of expression must always be balanced against other competing public interests , it is an important feature in New Zealand 's democracy . The provisions of the Bill conflict most with freedom of expression in relation to the press . Confidentiality of sources is a key journalistic principle , however the Bill warrants searches to determine those sources . The Commission considered that a presumption should be included in the legislation against journalists being subject to the search provisions . The Commission also recommended that a provision be added to the legislation which requires all agencies to act only in accordance with human rights values when exercising their search and surveillance powers . A purpose clause was included by the Justice and Electoral Committee to ensure that existing rights found in the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act 1990 , the Privacy Act 1993 and the Evidence Act 2006 are all recognized . This inclusion in the final piece of legislation demonstrates the importance of human rights values `` in the context of search and surveillance powers '' .
Statement of the Attorney-General
In the statement issued by the Attorney-General regarding the Bill 's consistency with the Bill of Rights Act , it was reported that the Act would not result in any rights violations .
Search and Surveillance Act
The Bill narrowly passed through Parliament by 61 votes to 57 , with all of the Opposition voting against , as well as the Māori Party . Case law is likely to determine the scope of the Act in the future , especially in conjunction with s21 of the Bill of Rights Act . Simon Collier wrote in a 2012 article that the Act `` is a marked improvement on the previous law in the area of surveillance '' and was necessary to properly safeguard rights . There are still varying views on the expansion of search and surveillance powers within this Act .
References
External links
Search and Surveillance Act 2012
New Zealand Law Commission Report on Search and Surveillance Powers 2007
New Zealand Bill of Rights Act 1990
Human rights abuses in New Zealand
Privacy law
Searches and seizures
Statutes of New Zealand
2012 in New Zealand law
`` Slide '' is a song written , arranger and performed by American R & B/funk band Slave . It was released in 1977 through Cotillion Records as a lead single from their self-titled debut album Slave . Production was handled by Jeff Dixon .
The song peaked at number 32 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and topped the US Hot R & B/Hip-Hop Songs . It also reached number 58 on the Canadian RPM Top 100 Singles chart .
Track listing
Personnel
Stephen C. Washington – songwriter , arrangement
Mark Hicks – songwriter , arrangement
Mark Leslie Adams – songwriter , arrangement
Daniel Webster – songwriter , arrangement
Tom Dozier – songwriter , arrangement
Floyd Miller – songwriter , arrangement
Tom Lockett Jr. – songwriter , arrangement
Orion Wilhoite – songwriter , arrangement
Carter Bradley – songwriter , arrangement
Jeff Dixon – producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
In popular culture
The song later appeared on the soundtrack to Marcus Raboy 's 2002 Christmas-themed stoner film Friday After Next , and was used in the 8th episode `` Nobody Has to Get Hurt '' of the second season of American period drama television series The Deuce .
The song was sampled for A Tribe Called Quest 's `` Go Ahead in the Rain '' from their debut album and for Travi $ Scott 's `` Flying High '' from their 2015 album Rodeo .
See also
List of Hot Soul Singles number ones of 1977
References
External links
1977 songs
Funk songs
1977 debut singles
Cotillion Records singles
James Allen Juriga ( born September 12 , 1964 ) is a former guard who played three seasons in the National Football League . They started in Super Bowl XXIV for the Denver Broncos .
After they finished their football career , they obtained their doctor of veterinary medicine degree from Colorado State University . They live with their wife Denise in Geneva , Illinois . Their son Luke played college football for Western Michigan .
References
1964 births
Living people
American football offensive linemen
Colorado State University alumni
Denver Broncos players
Illinois Fighting Illini football players
Sportspeople from Wheaton , Illinois
The Chinese community in the Dominican Republic forms one of the largest Chinese communities in Latin America . As of 2012 , there are over 3,600 recorded Chinese-born Dominican residents . Although no official census has been made , there are estimates of approximately 60,000 people of Chinese origin living in the country . Chinese descendants living in the Dominican Republic may be referred as Chinese Dominicans .
History
19th century
The first recorded mention of a Chinese presence in the Dominican Republic was in 1864 during the Dominican Restoration War , with references to a man named “ Pancho el Chino , ” who fought in the War . There are also reports that a business person named Gregorio Riva brought a handful of Chinese laborers over from Cuba to make bricks and quicklime in the Cibao region . This group of Chinese immigrants eventually built warehouses in Samaná , Yuna and Moca . By 1870 the Chinese migrants had built the cemetery in Moca . By 1878 the presence of Chinese-Dominicans in Puerto Plata had increased thanks to the work of General Segundo Imbert , who was Governor of Puerto Plata .
20th century
A large influx of Chinese came during the American occupation of the Dominican Republic in 1916 to 1924 , when ethnic Chinese came over to take part in the rapid economic expansion that resulted from the occupation . In 1937 , there was an increased number of Chinese migrants that came to the Dominican Republic due to the Sino-Japanese war . In 1944 an official Chinese office was opened in the Dominican Republic and in 1945 a branch of the Chinese National Party was also opened in the country . By the 1950s Chinese-Dominicans had established a small niche in the Duarte area of Santo Domingo and most of the businesses in that part of the city were Chinese-owned . Since Chinese migration had declined during the 1960s and 1970s , the community 's growth was limited .
For many years , Chinese immigrants to the Dominican Republic have integrated into the local Dominican community . Unlike their counterparts in other countries , Chinese culture began to take a back seat and become a less visible . But a new wave of migration during the early 1990s has sparked new interest about the Chinese community in the country and revived the notion of the need to remember the contributions of past generations .
Chinese organizations in the Dominican Republic
The `` Flor Para Todos Foundation '' is the non-profit Chinese cultural organization in the Dominican Republic that promotes cooperation , education , communication , art and the general integration of Chinese culture in the Caribbean . The overall goal of the Flor Para Todos Foundation is to help in the creation of the Santo Domingo Barrio Chino ( Chinatown ) with the intention of strengthening the relationship between the Dominican and Chinese communities .
Santo Domingo 's Chinatown
The original idea for a Chinatown in Santo Domingo was conceived in the early 1990s , but it took some years before the idea was to materialize . Chinatown took one step closer to becoming a reality when the organization Flor Para Todos was recognized .
On 8 December 2004 , through an agreement with the Santo Domingo municipal authorities , the Foundation was given the go-ahead to start construction on the project . Aside from the agreement with the city municipality , agreements with the Tourism Ministry were signed to promote Chinatown as a tourist attraction , agreements with the Culture Ministry were signed in order to develop cultural activities and an agreement with the Police Department was signed in order to increase police protection in the area . Santo Domingo 's Chinatown was officially inaugurated as a Chinatown in 2006 .
Notable Chinese Dominicans
Lian Qian ( born 1983 ) , table tennis player
Wu Xue ( born 1980 ) , table tennis player
See also
Chinese Caribbean
Chinese Cuban
Chinese Haitian
Asian Latin American
Japanese settlement in the Dominican Republic
China–Dominican Republic relations
References
Asian Dominican ( Dominican Republic )
Chinese Caribbean
Ethnic groups in the Dominican Republic
Dominican Republic
Holywell Cemetery is next to St Cross Church in Oxford , England . The cemetery is behind the church in St Cross Road , south of Holywell Manor on Manor Road and north of Longwall Street , in the parish of Holywell .
History
In the mid 19th century , the graveyards of the six parishes in central Oxford became full , so Merton College made some of its land available to form the cemetery in 1847 .
The cemetery was established along with Osney Cemetery and St Sepulchre 's Cemetery . In 1855 , new burials were forbidden at all Oxford city churches , apart from in existing vaults .
The cemetery is now a wildlife refuge with many birds ( including pheasants that nest there ) and butterflies , as well as small and larger mammals , including Muntjac deer and foxes . Hedgehogs are also known to live there .
Notable interments and memorials
A number of well-known people are buried in the cemetery , including :
Henry Wentworth Acland , physician and educator , and Sarah Acland , after whom the Acland Home is named
James Blish , the American expatriate author
Sir Reader Bullard and their sons Sir Giles Bullard and Sir Julian Bullard , all diplomats
Maurice Bowra , Warden of Wadham College , Oxford and Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University
John William Burgon , Dean of Chichester Cathedral
Theophilus Carter , said to be the model for the Mad Hatter in Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland
George Claridge Druce , botanist and Mayor of Oxford
Hugo Dyson , member of the Inklings
Francis Edgeworth , statistician and economist
Austin Farrer , Warden of Keble College , Oxford
Kenneth Grahame , author of The Wind in the Willows
Abel Hendy Jones Greenidge , classical historian formerly of Balliol , Hertford and Brasenose
Francis Llewellyn Griffith , Egyptologist and founder of the Griffith Institute
Nora Griffith , Egyptologist and founder of the Griffith Institute
Charles Buller Heberden , Principal of Brasenose College , Oxford and Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University
Andrew John Herbertson , geographer
William West Jones , Archbishop of Cape Town
Sir Richard Lodge , historian
Agnes Catherine Maitland , educationnist , principal at Somerville College
Max Müller , philologist and Orientalist , Fellow at All Souls College , Oxford
Walter Pater , essayist and critic
Bartholomew Price , Master of Pembroke College , Oxford
Lord Redcliffe-Maud , civil servant and Master of University College , Oxford , and their wife Jean Redcliffe-Maud
John Rhys , Principal of Jesus College , Oxford
George Rolleston , physician and zoologist
John Stainer , composer and organist
Kenneth Tynan , theatre critic and author
Thomas Herbert Warren , President of Magdalen College , Oxford
Charles Williams , novelist , poet and member of the Inklings
William Wallace , Scottish philosopher
Henry George Woods , President of Trinity College , Oxford
Margaret Louisa Woods , poet and novelist
A wooden grave marker that was used to mark the grave of the England Rugby captain Ronald Poulton-Palmer at Ploegsteert wood is affixed to a wall in the cemetery .
The cemetery contains three war graves that are maintained and registered by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission – two British Army officers of World War I and a Royal Air Force officer of World War II .
Friends
A Friends of Holywell Cemetery has been established to raise funds and manage the cemetery .
See also
Osney Cemetery
St Sepulchre 's Cemetery
Wolvercote Cemetery
References
Sources
External links
This is Oxfordshire information
Friends of Holywell Cemetery
Holywell Cemetery : An Oxford Secret by Janet Keene
1847 establishments in England
Christianity in Oxford
Anglican cemeteries in the United Kingdom
Cemeteries in Oxford
Bakni ( ; Dargwa : Бакьни ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Sutbuksky Selsoviet , Dakhadayevsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 249 as of 2010 . There are 3 streets .
Geography
Bakni is located 32 km southwest of Urkarakh ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Sutbuk and Urtsaki are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Fattoruso is an Italian surname . Notable persons with that surname include :
Francisco Fattoruso ( born 1979 ) , Uruguayan musician born in Las Vegas
Giuseppe Fattoruso , Italian painter of the Baroque period
Hugo Fattoruso ( born 1943 ) , Uruguayan musician
Osvaldo Fattoruso ( 1948–2012 ) , Uruguayan musician
Rodolfo M. Fattoruso ( born 1953 ) , Uruguayan literary critic
Italian-language surnames
Mohamed Riadh Sanaa ( born 13 May 1965 ) is a Tunisian handball player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
References
1965 births
Living people
Tunisian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Tunisia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Jamie Lee Wilson , also known as JVMIE , is an Australian singer , songwriter and music producer . They are best known for the 2017 single Back 2 Love in collaboration with Grammy Award-winning producer Dave Audé which peaked at No . 2 on the Billboard Club Dance Chart and No . 31 on the Billboard Hot Dance Electronic Songs Chart .
Early life and education
Wilson was born and raised on the Gold Coast , Queensland in Australia . They earned a Bachelor of Music at the Queensland Conservatorium of Music with a major in Jazz Voice , and was featured by Triple J Unearthed in Australia .
Career
After completing a Bachelor of Music at the Queensland Conservatorium of Music , Wilson relocated to London to continue their studies and went on to perform across the United Kingdom and Europe . They worked in Music Theatre . Simultaneously , Wilson began their career writing and recording music .
Wilson went on to perform nationally and internationally , writing and recording multiple top-charting dance singles , and in 2016 , they relocated to Los Angeles .
Collaborations and solo records
In 2016 , Wilson collaborated with Grammy Award-winning producer Dave Audé on the single Back 2 Love which peaked at No . 2 on the Billboard Club Dance Chart and No . 31 on the Billboard Hot Dance Electronic Songs Chart . During the same year , Wilson was ranked No . 1 on the Los Angeles Dance Chart on ReverbNation .
They have collaborated with ASCAP Pop Award and two-time Grammy Award-nominated songwriter and producer Tommy Faragher , Grammy Award-nominated house musician Todd Terry , Grammy Award-nominated electronic music producers Sultan & Ned Shepard , Grammy Award-nominated DJ Joachim Garraud , Grammy Award-nominated producer and DJ Stonebridge , Grammy Award-winner musician Dave Audé , and American vocalist Chris Willis .
Them singles have consistently ranked on dance and club charts nationally and internationally . These include Out of Nowhere , a collaboration with StoneBridge , which ranked in the top 30 most played songs on US dance radio in 2015 , Your Love with Kid Kenobi and Justin Hunter which ranked No . 3 on the ARIA Club Charts for six consecutive weeks , ranked No . 2 on the Kiss FM Charts , and was played on Rage and Channel V ; Get What You Give with Alex Kenji and Manuel De La Mare ( Spinnin ' Records ) which ranked No . 17 on the Progressive house chart on Beatport ; Promise Me which ranked No . 1 on Track It Down for over four weeks and in the Top 10 on Beatport ; Like A Flame which was released in July 2015 with Todd Terry and was featured on in House Sessions in Ibiza ; Teardrop with Sydney Blu which ranked No . 13 on DMC World Magazine 's Buzz Chart , ranked in Top 40 on ITunes Dance Charts , and was featured on the album Relentless which ranked in the top 20 on Beatport and in the top 40 on the ITunes Dance Charts ; I Need A Miracle which ranked No . 4 on Juno Downloads ; Can You Feel Me ( Universal Music ) which ranked No . 5 on the Australian radio charts and was featured on Pump It : Volume 4 compilation which ranked No . 3 on the ARIA Charts ; I Think I 'm in Love in collaboration with the Futuristic Polar Bears ( Universal Music ) ; Champagne Nights with the Stafford Brothers which was released on Ministry of Sound ; Would Not Change a Thing with Soul Conspiracy which ranked No . 1 on Radio Metro ; Black Rain , written with American house producer Ron Carroll , for which Wilson produced the Naked Remix which then debuted on Cr2 Records ; Stop The World with Ralph Good ( Warner Music and Kontor Records ) which ranked No . 3 on the EDM charts in Canada , ranked on Beatport 's Top 100 House charts , and featured on the Berlin Fashion Week official compilation , and the Kontor House of House compilation ; Where You Are which was released on Japan 's Sushi Records and ranked No . 3 on the Beatport Charts ; and I 'll Give You The World with Quix which ranked No . 21 in Spotify 's New Music Friday Cratediggers playlist and was featured on Apple Music Germany Dance : The A-List , Apple Music Germany Dance : Hot Tracks , iTunes Canada Dance : The A-List , Beatport Trap/Future Bass : Staff Picks , and Aoki 's House Radio Show on Sirius XM BPM .
Wilson released their first solo record Crazy Beautiful in 2015 . They also hosted and produced their own radio show Just Wan na Dance during prime-time on Saturday evenings in Australia , in addition to hosting fashion , music and television events .
In 2018 , Wilson released the track Chasing , in collaboration with Shaun Warner , which ranked No . 32 on the Billboard Club Dance Chart .
Live performances and festivals
Wilson has performed live at international music festivals , including Creamfields and Summerfieldayze . They have performed on the world 's largest floating music festival The Groove Cruise in 2016 ( San Diego / Cabo San Lucas ) and ( Miami / Jamaica ) and 2015 ( Los Angeles / Catalina Island ) , on the main stage at California 's Sundown Music Festival on Huntington Beach .
They have supported Kelly Rowland , Salt-N-Pepa , Kaskade , and James Morrison , and performed at Pacha Ibiza supporting David Guetta , in Amsterdam supporting CeCe Peniston , in Japan supporting Steve Aoki , at Brixton Academy in London supporting Carl Cox , and at various venues in London supporting The Freemasons , Junior Jack , and The Shapeshifters . They have also performed at renowned Los Angeles clubs Sound and Avalon , as well as distinguished London venues Pacha and Turnmills .
They have performed live on Good Morning Australia , live on radio in Europe , New Zealand and Australia , and performed live multiple times in the United States , Russia , Switzerland , and Amsterdam , performed for Ministry of Sound Japan , Hed Kandi in New Zealand , and at venues in France , Singapore , and across their native country Australia , including performances for the Australian Prime Minister in Brisbane , Australia and the Russian Prime Minister in Sochi , Russia .
Use in media
In 2011 , Wilson co-wrote and recorded the new anthem Everybody ( Hala Madrid ) with the Stafford Brothers for the Real Madrid Football Club .
In 2017 , their track Your Love with Kid Kenobi and Justin Hunter was featured on the Logie Award-winning Australian drama series Packed to the Rafters . Additional tracks were featured on international television channel FashionTV .
Discography
Awards and nominations
In 2013 , Wilson was nominated along with the Gowrie Boys for Film Clip of the Year at the National Indigenous Music Awards for Tomorrow 's Heroes , and was a finalist in the International Songwriting Competition and the Queensland Music Awards .
In 2015 , they were nominated for both Artist of the Year and the People 's Choice Awards in the Gold Coast Music Awards .
In 2016 , they were nominated along with the Gowrie Boys in the Queensland Music Awards for Wo n't Let You Go .
In 2020 , JVMIE was awarded a mini grant from HOTA Rage Against The Virus Fund to create an album in isolation with film composer , Lionel Cohen while affected by the COVID-19 Pandemic
External links
JVMIE Official Website
JVMIE on SoundCloud
JVMIE on Spotify
References
Living people
21st-century Australian women singers
Australian songwriters
Australian record producers
Queensland Conservatorium Griffith University alumni
Australian expatriates in the United States
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Ahmed Nabawy ( ) is an Egyptian information activist , winner of the 2015 DDX award in Istanbul , Turkey , winner of an award through the Munathara Initiative in Jordan , founder on TEDxMinyaElQamh , builder of the CareoMeter system that helps employees to check their own KPI 's live through mobile application , and a 2012 nominee for the international TED prize in Doha .
Awards
DDX2 Award ( 2015 )
TED prize Nominee ( 2012 )
References
External links
Ahmed Nabawy Website
1987 births
Living people
Egyptian activists
Zagazig University alumni
A Prime Ministerial Trade Envoy is a position in British foreign policy , within the Department for International Trade since 2016 , and formerly with the UK Trade & Investment government department from 2003 to 2016 .
Trade Envoys are appointed by the Prime Minister in order to promote British business and trade interests abroad . The Special Representative for International Trade and Investment is a currently dormant position previously held by a member of the British Royal Family , who had the responsibility of representing the Sovereign for trade purposes . Following the 2012 Cabinet reshuffle , Ken Clarke was made a roving trade envoy , focusing on promoting British expertise to emerging economies , in particular China and Brazil .
Between September 2012 and November 2013 , Lord Marland served as the Prime Minister 's trade envoy . Upon their suggestion , and in collaboration with the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , the post was expanded in November 2012 , when David Cameron announced the creation of eight new trade envoys to selected high-growth and developing markets . Additional representatives of the British government were appointed in March 2014 following the success of the initial programme . On 23 August 2021 a further set of envoys were announced , including prominent Brexiteers Lord Botham and Kate Hoey . The appointment of Ian Botham as a Prime Ministerial Trade Envoy was viewed by some people as unexpected , as they have no experience of economic or trade matters . When they were first appointed to the House of Lords , Botham had said that they would join discussions `` “ when they are debating something I know about – like sport or the countryside '' , but that there was `` [ n ] ot much point if it 's a trade deal with Japan . ”
In April 2017 there were 21 trade envoys , covering approximately 50 markets .
Current Prime Ministerial Trade Envoys
References
Foreign relations of the United Kingdom
Trade in the United Kingdom
Ukraina ( ; officially TRC Ukraina , ) was a national Ukrainian-language TV channel , owned by Media Group Ukraine . It began broadcasting as a regional , Donetsk TV channel on March 13 , 1993 , with getting a national status in 2004 . It ceased broadcasting in July 2022 . The channel consisted of TV shows , films and TV series , both domestic and foreign .
History
Channel Ukraine was established in Donetsk in March 1993 as the state utility company Doka-TV . The operator was in stake under Donetsk City Council . The channel started broadcasting in Donetsk on Channel 7 , where , as a result it , shared time with other TV companies – `` ASKET 7x7 '' and Sket . The channel was known for its Ukrainophobic policies and promoting the Russian move of integration and also recognise Dombass policies in Ukrainian until 2009 .
By the end of the 1990s , ASKET TV was bought out by tycoon Rinat Akhmetov 's structures , and in connection with the re-licensing of channels and frequencies , the new owners of ASKET TV offered TRK Ukraina to unite on mutually beneficial terms in order not to share the channel , and develop it all together . In March 2001 , CJSC `` TRK Ukraina '' was established , which received a license for the sixth meter channel in Donetsk , and later for a number of channels in Donetsk and Luhansk regions . Akhmetov 's SCM group , which at the time owned 75 % of the channel 's shares ( later , in 2007 , SCM became the owner of 99 % , and in 2010 - 100 % of the channel 's shares ) .
In 2002-2003 , the company continued its active development , receiving more than a hundred television frequencies throughout Ukraine , including 11 TV channels in Kyiv , where the channel began broadcasting in June 2003 . In the same year , the channel also started broadcasting via satellite . In April 2003 , TRK Ukraina became one of the most accessible packages of the Kyiv cable operator Volia . In 2004 during the Orange Revolution , TRK Ukraina was associated as the media resource of Yanukovych 's pro-Russian camp and to be a constant repeater of the ideology of the Party of Regions ( and later the Opposition Bloc ) and to sponsor Rinat Akhmetov as the president . Moreover , in the same year , the channel received national status .
In 2008 , Media Group Ukraine was founded and its launch of sports channel Football TV . In the autumn of 2009 , TRK Ukraina moved their broadcasting facilities to Kyiv where currently resides its studios and operations today , however their former studios were converted into Donbass regional counterpart in the meter range in Donetsk Oblast , continuing its own broadcasting on decimeter waves .
At the end of 2008 , the TV channel officially redesigned their website ever since it was launched in early 2004 .
In 2010 , the channel rebranding took in stake when TRK branding was dropped and retained the `` Ukraine '' branding .
In 2013 , the channel officially signed the agreement to broadcast the UEFA Euro 2016 and FIFA World Cup 2018 for the first time to broadcast live .
More recently in 2020 , the channel officially broadcast in High Definition .
Rinat Akhmetov , the benefitial owner of Media Group Ukraine , returned the licenses of all media assets of the media group to the state in July 2022 , hence , the station stopped broadcasting on 22 July 2022 at 10:00 AM Kyiv Time . The ID of the channel remained until 10:08 AM when the feed turned black . According to an official statement , the group returned the licenses due to a new oligarch law in Ukraine .
Language share
Moreover , this channel is deemed exclusively to be for a Russian-speaking audience in spite of their own cult for pro-Russian etheric policy . Thus , on 16 September 2003 , in the final document of the Accounting Chamber of Ukraine on the results of the analysis of the State of Comprehensive Measures for Comprehensive Development of the Ukrainian Language , Planning and Use of the State Budget of Ukraine for their implementation , prepared by the Department of Social Expenditure and Science , it was stated that the reason for the lack of Ukrainian-language broadcasting of commercial television channels was the lack of control over their compliance with the licensing conditions by the National Council of Ukraine on Television and Radio Broadcasting due to regional stir of eastern demeanor .
In 2014 , after the Euromaidan protest and removed Russian influx of culture and aspects of politics , the channel equally shift the use of the Ukrainian language to promote national identity and corresponded diversity of ethic shares of Ukrainians and Russians ever since the government passed the Law on the Principles of the State language policy .
Programming
News/talk
Siohodni ( Сьогодні ) – main news program
Siohodni Pidsumky ( Сьогодні . Підсумки ) – daily talk
Good Morning Ukraine ( Ранок з Україною ) – Morning show
Ukraine Speaks ( Говорить Україна ) – talk
Novyny Siohodni
Infotainment
Star Trek ( Зірковий шлях ) – business
Golovna Tema ( Головна тема ) – scope program
Entertainment
The Masked Singer Ukraine – detective game show
Snivayutb Vsi – musical game show
Agents of Justice ( Агенти справедливості ) – crime drama
Real Mysticism ( Зірковий шлях ) – drama
Audience share
Controversies
Anti-Piracy and false takedown notice incident
Google has been cooperating with requests to hide pirated material from its search engine results . Unfortunately , some legal firms , abuse this option offered by Google and intentionally report anything they suspect “ just in case ” it happens to be an infringing material . Recently , Vindex Law firm , a partner of TRK managed to send a takedown request to Google asking them to take down content that is actually stored on their own server . According to the takedown notice , all reported links “ illegally provide external links with which users can access and/or download unauthorized copyrighted contents of Football. ” That would then include the file on Vindex 's computer .
Since the takedown request mentioned the address 127.0.0.1 which refers to their own host computer , Google is technically asked to remove a file from its servers that does n't exist . Needless to say , Google has n't taken any action in response and Vindex has not yet commented on this unprofessional action .
See also
Television in Ukraine
References
External links
Official website
Mass media in Donetsk
Mass media in Kyiv
SCM Holdings
Television channels and stations established in 1993
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2022
Television stations in Ukraine
Ukrainian brands
Darcia Narvaez ( dar-sha narv-eyes ) is a Professor of Psychology Emerita at the University of Notre Dame who has written extensively on issues of character , moral development , and human flourishing .
Biography
Narvaez was born in Minneapolis , Minnesota . Them father , Richard Narvaez , was a professor of Spanish linguistics at the University of Minnesota . Darcia Narvaez spent part of their childhood in Puerto Rico , Mexico , Colombia , and Spain . Them first job was with the local public television station ( KTCA ) in St. Paul , Minnesota , as a 8- and 9-year-old : they were the voice of the puppet , Maria , on the Spanish-language-teaching program Ya Hablamos Español .
Narvaez subsequently worked as a church musician ( organist , choir director ) , classroom and private music teacher ( Brent International School in Baguio City , Philippines ; King of Kings School in Roseville , Minnesota ) , middle school Spanish teacher ( The Blake School in Hopkins , Minnesota ) , and business owner . They also earned a master of divinity degree from Luther Seminary in St. Paul and is a published poet .
Narvaez earned their PhD in educational psychology from the University of Minnesota in 1993 and joined the College of Education and Human Development there in the Department of Curriculum and Instruction and the Department of Educational Psychology . In 2000 , they joined the Department of Psychology at Notre Dame .
Narvaez was married to Professor James Rest until their death in 1999 . They are married to Daniel Lapsley , a professor of psychology at Notre Dame .
Career
Narvaez was the design leader of the Minnesota Community Voices and Character Education project funded with $ 1 million by the US Department of Education during 1998–2002 . They are co-author with James Rest , Steve Thoma and Muriel Bebeau of the book Postconventional Moral Thinking ( 1999 ) .
Narvaez was one of five psychologists to be invited to speak at the White House 's Conference on Character in Community in 2002 .
Narvaez 's work emphasizes moral development over a lifespan , and the interaction between implicit and explicit processes in moral functioning . They emphasize the importance of early experience in shaping moral capacities . Them current work is on the evolved developmental niche for young children ( natural birth , extensive on-demand breastfeeding , frequent affectionate touch , caregiver responsiveness , self-directed social free play , multiple adult caregivers and extensive positive social support ) . They study the effects of early life experience on sociality , morality and thriving .
In their work for the public , they host the website EvolvedNest.org which emphasizes the importance of nestedness for all ages in order to maintain wellbeing and compassionate morality . They co-created the film Breaking the Cycle .
A recent emphasis in Narvaez 's work involves indigenous wisdom , starting with their 2013 paper `` The 99 % -- Development and socialization within an evolutionary context : Growing up to become ' A good and useful human being . ' '' They organized a conference in September 2016 called `` Sustainable Wisdom : Integrating Indigenous Knowhow for Global Flourishing '' resulting in the volume , Indigenous Sustainable Wisdom ( 2019 ) . They and Four Arrows have a 2022 book , Restoring the Kinship Worldview .
Narvaez 's blog , `` Moral Landscapes , '' at Psychology Today has over 15 million hits ( as of early 2022 ) with the most popular posts being `` Dangers of 'Crying it Out ' '' with over 3.1 million hits , Five Things NOT to do to Babies , and Myths about Circumcision You Likely Believe .
Honors
Narvaez is a fellow of the American Psychological Association , the American Educational Research Association and the American Association for the Advancement of Science . They are a former editor-in-chief of the Journal of Moral Education .
Narvaez 's book Neurobiology and the Development of Human Morality : Evolution , Culture and Wisdom won the 2015 William James Book Award from Division I of the American Psychological Association . It also won the 2017 Expanded Reason Award .
Several of Narvaez 's books have won awards from the special interest group Moral Development and Education at the American Educational Research Association :
Postconventional Moral Thinking ( 2000 ( which also won the book award from AERA Division I ) ;
Moral Development , Self and Identity ( 2007 ) ;
Handbook of Moral and Character Education ( 2009 ) ;
Personality , Character and Identity : Explorations in Moral Psychology ( 2011 ) ;
Neurobiology and the Development of Human Morality : Evolution , Culture and Wisdom ( 2016 ) .
Selected publications
Books
Narvaez , D. , Four Arrows , Halton , E. , Collier , B. , Enderle , G . ( Eds . ) ( 2019 ) . Indigenous Sustainable Wisdom : First Nation Know-how for Global Flourishing . New York : Peter Lang .
Narvaez , D . ( Ed . ) ( 2018 ) . Basic needs , wellbeing and morality : Fulfilling human potential . New York : Palgrave-MacMillan .
Narvaez , D. ( 2016 ) . `` Embodied Morality : Protectionism , Engagement and Imagination '' . London , UK : Palgrave Macmillan .
Annas , J. , Narvaez , D. , & Snow , N . ( Eds . ) ( 2016 ) . `` Developing the Virtues : Integrating Perspectives '' . New York : Oxford University Press .
Narvaez , D. , Braungart-Rieker , J. , Miller-Graff , L. , Gettler , L. , & Hastings , P. ( 2016 ) . `` Contexts for Young Child Flourishing : Evolution , Family , and Society . '' New York : Oxford University Press .
Narvaez , D. ( 2014 ) . `` Neurobiology and the development of human morality : Evolution , culture and wisdom '' . New York : W.W. Norton .
Narvaez , D. , Valentino , K. , Fuentes , A. , McKenna , J. , & Gray , P. ( 2014 ) . `` Ancestral Landscapes in Human Evolution : Culture , Childrearing and Social Wellbeing '' . New York : Oxford University Press .
Nucci , L. P. , Narvaez , D. , & Krettenauer , T . ( Eds . ) ( 2014 ) . Handbook of Moral and Character Education , Second Ed .. New York : Routledge .
Narvaez , D. , Panksepp , J. , Schore , A. , & Gleason , T . ( Eds . ) ( 2013 ) . Evolution , Early Experience and Human Development : From Research to Practice and Policy . New York : Oxford University Press .
Narvaez , D. , & Lapsley , D.K . ( Eds . ) ( 2009 ) . Personality , Identity , and Character : Explorations in Moral Psychology . New York : Cambridge University Press .
Narvaez , D. , & Endicott , L. ( 2009 ) . Nurturing Character in the Classroom , EthEx Series , Book 1 : Ethical Sensitivity . Notre Dame , IN : ACE Press .
Narvaez , D. & Bock , T. ( 2009 ) . Nurturing Character in the Classroom , EthEx Series , Book 2 : Ethical Judgment . Notre Dame , IN : ACE Press .
Narvaez , D. & Lies , J . ( 2009 ) . Nurturing Character in the Classroom , EthEx Series , Book 3 : Ethical Motivation . Notre Dame , IN : ACE Press .
Narvaez , D. ( 2009 ) . Nurturing Character in the Classroom , EthEx Series , Book 4 : Ethical Action . Notre Dame , IN : ACE Press .
Nucci , L. P. , & Narvaez , D . ( Eds . ) ( 2008 ) . Handbook of Moral and Character Education . New York : Routledge .
Power , F. C. , Nuzzi , R. J. , Narvaez , D. , Lapsley , D. K. , & Hunt , T. C . ( Eds. ) . ( 2008 ) . Moral education : A handbook ( Vols . 1–2 ) . Westport , CT : Praeger .
Lapsley , D.K. , & Narvaez , D . ( Eds . ) ( 2004 ) . Moral development , self and identity : Essays in honor of Augusto Blasi . Mahwah , NJ : Erlbaum .
Rest , J. R. , Narvaez , D. , Bebeau , M. , & Thoma , S. ( 1999 ) . Postconventional moral thinking : A neo-Kohlbergian approach . Mahwah , NJ : Erlbaum .
Rest , J.R. & Narvaez , D . ( Eds . ) ( 1994 ) . Moral development in the professions : Psychology and applied ethics . Hillsdale , NJ : Lawrence Erlbaum .
Peer-reviewed papers
Narvaez , D. , Lapsley , D. K. , Hagele , S. , & Lasky , B . ( 2006 ) . Moral chronicity and social information processing : Tests of a social cognitive approach to the moral personality . Journal of Research in Personality , 40 , 966–985 .
Narvaez , D. ( 2008 ) . Triune ethics : The neurobiological roots of our multiple moralities . New Ideas in Psychology , 26 , 95–119 .
Narvaez , D . ( 2010 ) . Moral complexity : The fatal attraction of truthiness and the importance of mature moral functioning . Perspectives on Psychological Science , 5 ( 2 ) , 163–181 .
Narvaez , D . ( 2010 ) . The embodied dynamism of moral becoming . Perspectives on Psychological Science , 5 ( 2 ) , 185–186 .
Narvaez , D. ( 2010 ) . The emotional foundations of high moral intelligence . In B. Latzko & T. Malti ( Eds. ) . Children 's Moral Emotions and Moral Cognition : Developmental and Educational Perspectives , New Directions for Child and Adolescent Development , 129 , 77–94 . San Francisco : Jossey-Bass .
Narvaez , D. , Gleason , T. , & Mitchell , C. ( 2010 ) . Moral virtue and practical wisdom : Theme comprehension in children , youth and adults . Journal of Genetic Psychology , 171 ( 4 ) ,1-26 .
Narvaez , D. , Wang , L. , Gleason , T. , Cheng , A. , Lefever , J. , & Deng , L. ( 2013 ) . The Evolved Developmental Niche and sociomoral outcomes in Chinese three-year-olds . European Journal of Developmental Psychology , 10 ( 2 ) , 106–127 .
Narvaez , D. ( 2016 ) . Baselines for virtue . In J. Annas , D. Narvaez , & N. Snow ( Eds . ) , Developing virtue : Integrating perspectives ( pp . 14–33 ) . . New York , NY : Oxford University Press .
Four Arrows , & Narvaez , D. ( 2016 ) . Reclaiming our indigenous worldview : A more authentic baseline for social/ecological justice work in education . In N. McCrary & W. Ross ( Eds . ) , Working for social justice inside and outside the classroom : A community of teachers , researchers , and activists ( pp . 93–112 ) . In series , Social justice across contexts in education ( S.J . Miller & L.D . Burns , Eds. ) . New York , NY : Peter Lang .
Narvaez , D. ( 2017 ) . Getting back on track to being human . Interdisciplinary Journal of Partnership Studies , 4 ( 1 ) , March 2 , 2017 Online publication available at : http : //pubs.lib.umn.edu/ijps/vol4/iss1/5
Narvaez , D. ( 2017 ) . Are we losing it ? Darwin 's moral sense and the importance of early experience . In . R. Joyce ( Ed . ) , Routledge Handbook of Evolution and Philosophy ( pp . 322–332 ) . London : Routledge .
Reilly , T. , & Narvaez , D. ( 2018 ) . Character , virtue and science : Linking psychological and philosophical views . Philosophy , Theology and the Sciences , 5 , 51–79 .
Kurth , A. , & Narvaez , D. ( 2018 ) . Children 's developing morality . In J. Delafield-Butt , A-W. Dunlop & C. Trevarthen ( Eds . ) , The Child 's Curriculum : Working with the natural values of young children ( pp . 104–125 ) . Oxford : Oxford University Press .
Narvaez , D. ( 2018 ) . The developmental niche for peace . In P. Verbeek & B. Peters ( Eds . ) , Peace ethology , behavioral processes and systems of peace ( pp . 95–112 ) . Oxford , England : Wiley-Blackwell .
Narvaez , D. ( 2018 ) . Ethogenesis : Evolution , early experience and moral becoming . In J. Graham & K. Gray ( Eds . ) , The Atlas of Moral Psychology ( pp . 451–464 ) . New York : Guilford Press .
Reilly , T. , & Narvaez , D. ( 2019 ) . Virtue and the scientific researcher : Morality , wisdom and climate . In C. Deane-Drummond , T. Stapleford & D. Narvaez ( Eds . ) , Practicing science : Virtues , values , and the good life . Pressbooks . Available at https : //virtueandthepracticeofscience.pressbooks.com/
Narvaez , D. ( 2019 ) . Reclaiming awe for the right things . In C. Deane-Drummond , T. Stapleford , & D. Narvaez ( Eds . ) , Practicing science : Virtues , values , and the good life ( pp . 142–149 ) . Notre Dame , IN : Center for Theology , Science and Human Flourishing . Available at https : //virtueandthepracticeofscience.pressbooks.com/
Narvaez , D. ( 2019 ) . Moral development and moral values : Evolutionary and neurobiological influences . I . In D. P. McAdams , R. L. Shiner , & J. L. Tackett ( Eds . ) , Handbook of personality ( pp . 345–363 ) . New York , NY : Guilford .
Narvaez , D. ( 2019 ) . In search of baselines : Why psychology needs cognitive archaeology . In T. Henley , M. Rossano & E. Kardas ( Eds . ) , Handbook of Cognitive Archaeology : A Psychological Framework . London : Routledge .
Narvaez , D. ( 2019 ) . Evolution , childhood and the moral self . In R. Gipps & M. Lacewing ( Eds . ) , The Oxford handbook of philosophy and psychoanalysis ( pp . 637–659 ) . London : Oxford University Press .
Narvaez , D. ( 2020 ) . Ecocentrism : Resetting baselines for virtue development . Ethical Theory and Moral Practice . https : //rdcu.be/b5xLu
Podcasts
Hopper , D. ( Producer ) . ( 2015 , October 27 ) . Academic Minute : Companionship Care . [ Audio podcast ] . Retrieved from : https : //www.insidehighered.com
Reagan , L. ( Producer ) . ( 2016 , January 9 ) . Creating Sustainable Humans With Conscious Parenting : An Interview ( at Kindred Media ) [ Audio podcast ] . Retrieved from : http : //kindredmedia.org/
Listings
Films
Breaking the Cycle
References
External links
`` Moral Landscapes '' , Narvaez 's blog at Psychology Today
Evolved Nest website
University of Notre Dame faculty
University of Minnesota College of Education and Human Development alumni
People from Minneapolis
Living people
American people of Puerto Rican descent
Moral psychologists
1952 births
`` Alienation '' ( also known as the rat race speech ) was Jimmy Reid 's inaugural address as Rector of the University of Glasgow . Reid 's election in October 1971 came during their attempt to save jobs at the Upper Clyde Shipbuilders , threatened by cuts in government subsidies . The address was delivered on 28 April 1972 to students and the university court in Bute Hall . Reid 's subject was Marx 's theory of alienation and they used the example of the modernisation of the Clyde shipyards which they considered risked breaking the pride workers had in their products . In one famous passage they lamented the `` scrambling for position '' in modern society and stated that the `` rat race is for rats . We 're not rats . We 're human beings '' . The speech was reprinted in full by the New York Times and has since been referred to as one of the most outstanding speeches of the 20th century . It raised Reid 's profile and led to a number of national television appearances .
Background
Jimmy Reid was a shop flight attendant of the Amalgamated Union of Engineering Workers and a member of the Communist Party of Great Britain ( CPGB ) . As a worker at the Upper Clyde Shipbuilders ( UCS ) , an amalgamation of five separate companies in the historic shipbuilding area of Clydeside in Glasgow , Reid opposed the proposed withdrawal of subsidies by Edward Heath 's Conservative government . This would have led to the closure of most of the business and the loss of 6,000 of the 8,500 employees . Reid and other union leaders led a work-in , an alternative to a strike where the employees continued to come to work without pay to demonstrate the productivity of the yards . The work-in was well-run and eventually led to the business being restructured around two of the main yards , Govan Shipbuilders and Scotstoun Marine Ltd ( a third , Yarrow Shipbuilders Limited had previously been separated from UCS ) .
During the period of the work-in an election was held for the position of Rector of the University of Glasgow . The rector is the students ' representative to the university authorities and is elected by the student body on a triennial basis . The position was often filled by an establishment figure , such as a peer or leading politician , and the outgoing rector was the Church of Scotland minister George MacLeod , Baron MacLeod of Fuinary . Reid had no prior involvement with the university which was traditionally middle-class and conservative in leaning ; indeed it was not a member of the National Union of Students at the time as they were considered too left-wing . However , Reid considered that an election campaign would provide good publicity for their UCS proposal .
Reid 's opponents in the election were former Labour minister Peggy Herbison ; local Conservative MP and former minister Teddy Taylor ; Liverpool poet Roger McGough and television personality Michael Parkinson ; McGough and Parkinson were eliminated before the poll due to errors in their nomination paperwork . Reid stood on a platform of greater student involvement in the running of the university and promised they would appoint a student assistant to help present issues to the university 's senior management . Reid was largely absent from the campaign , owing to their commitments at the UCS work-in . They had less to spend on marketing than the other candidates but their campaign may have been helped by their frequent television and radio appearances during this time .
Reid was elected to a three-year term in October 1971 with 1,458 votes ; Taylor received 891 and Herbison 810 . The Glasgow student president Martin Caldwell hailed the result as `` a victory for the ordinary people of Clydeside against paternalism , academic snobbery , and the present government '' that showed that the Glasgow students , many of whom came from the city , cared for the plight of UCS workers . The result was covered in the press which helped boost morale at the work-in and improve Reid 's public image . Their inaugural speech was not due until April 1972 and in the meantime Reid successfully concluded the UCS work-in . They also became involved in Glasgow student affairs , including lending their support a group of undergraduates who had been evicted from their hall of residence and opposing moves by the university to assert greater control over student funds .
Speech
Reid 's inaugural address took place in Glasgow University 's Bute Hall on 28 April 1972 , the same day as the government approved the rescue deal for UCS . Although some previous rectors had used professional speechwriters , Reid wrote their speech themselves the day before the event . The address formed part of a grand ceremony with the university court present in academic dress ; Reid wore the rector 's robe and , for the first time in their life , white tie . Some disruption was caused when two students dressed as a pink pantomime horse attempted to enter the hall but otherwise Reid was not interrupted during their address , except for rounds of applause from the audience . Reid spoke in their usual working-class Clydeside accent and presented their address as a reasoned argument , not as a rabble-rousing speech . At its conclusion they received a two-minute standing ovation .
Reid 's address was entitled `` Alienation '' and its primary subject was Marx 's theory of alienation . Marx described social alienation as a consequence of the capitalist mode of production which they claimed seeks to divide society between professions and remove the individual 's connection to the product of their labour . Marx thought alienation led to the working class having little understanding , control or influence of the world in which they lived , leading to indifference and passivity .
Reid had been inspired to write on the subject of alienation after witnessing , in Connolly 's Bar in Glasgow , the tearful reaction of shipyard workers to news of the sinking of the Clyde-built Seawise University ( the former RMS Queen Elizabeth ) in Hong Kong 's Victoria Harbour on 9 January 1972 . Reid thought that recent modernisation of industrial practices and the purchase of Scottish shipbuilders by English and foreign companies would lead to a loss of such a connection between workers and their products . Reid considered that the new shipyard owners lacked knowledge of the long history of shipbuilding in Scotland and were focused only on the economic benefits of largescale production and centralisation . Though they framed their argument with reference to the shipbuilding industry , Reid 's address had a broader application to society as a whole . Reid stated in their address that a lack of social support by the government exacerbated alienation and its effects on young people led to anti-social behaviour and the use of drink and drugs .
Reid decried a modern society that promoted `` scrambling for position , trampling on others , back-stabbing , all in the pursuit of success '' and called on students to reject this , stating `` a rat race is for rats . We 're not rats . We 're human beings '' . They cautioned them that the cost of participation in such a society was the `` loss of your dignity and human spirit '' and quoted Christ : `` what doth it profit a man if they gain the whole world and suffer the loss of their soul ? '' . Reid called for greater involvement of the people in decision making at all levels , comparing the `` untapped resources '' of people to those of the North Sea oil fields . They lamented wasted potential , saying `` I am convinced that the great mass of our people go through life without even a glimmer of what they could have contributed to their fellow human beings . This is a personal tragedy . It is a social crime . The flowering of each individual 's personality and talents is the precondition for everyone 's development '' . Reid warned their audience not to hate the capitalists who they stated were also a product of the alienation in society .
Reid 's biographers William Knox and Adam McKinlay stated that the address had a liberal , middle-class and `` almost Victorian '' tone in the way it espoused the virtues of public service . They note that they referenced the Christian religion , Marx and even Joseph Heller 's Catch-22 and may have been inspired by the works of William Morris that they studied in their youth . Throughout the speech Reid used `` we '' as a mark of inclusivity and collective spirit , though they characterise the struggle against alienation as an individual contest . A few months after making the address Reid was approached by the psychiatrist R. D. Laing who praised the speech and asked them what research they had carried out to prepare for it ; Reid replied that their only research was their working life spent on the Clydeside .
Impact
The speech was reprinted in full in The New York Times , which hailed it as the `` greatest speech since President Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address '' . In the Glasgow newspaper The Evening Times it was afforded only 57 lines and placed lower in prominence than the council 's plan to invest in a radio station and a bus that crashed into a tree . The Evening Times article was headlined `` I have a dream by Rector Jim Reid '' , despite the fact that Reid never went by `` Jim '' . The Glasgow Herald mentioned the speech in its editorial . The coverage of the speech helped raise Reid 's profile to the highest levels of their career , and led to appearances on national television such as Open to Question in May 1972 and A Chance to Meet in November .
Reid 's speech was criticised by some Trotskyist opponents , including Stephen Johns of the Socialist Labour League who stated : `` this could be one of these speeches by the Archbishop of Canterbury , the Duke of Edinburgh or even a Tory . After all we are all against the 'rat race ' , and it would be nice if the ordinary bloke got a bit more say in things – make them feel wanted . It is noticeable that the 'communist ' Reid censored all mention of capitalism , the working class , revolutionary change and socialism '' . Others praised the address , which was described as poetic and demonstrating Reid 's intelligence . CPGB leaders praised the speech and Alex Murray told the party 's Scottish Congress : `` Previous Rectors , among them Gladstone , Disraeli and Sir Robert Peel , must be spinning in their graves ... It matters not as they represent the past ... that which [ Reid ] represents ; those whom they represent – our Party , our ideas and our ideals , the working class , the youth , represent ... Scotland 's future '' .
Reid stood for the CPGB in Central Dunbartonshire ( which included Clydeside ) in the February and October 1974 general elections , losing decisively to the Labour candidate both times . Their term as rector ended in 1974 and they were replaced by Arthur Montford , a football commentator . Reid later moved away from the CPGB and joined Labour , for which they unsuccessfully stood in Dundee East in the 1979 general election . Afterwards , they presented a series of BAFTA-winning documentaries about the USSR on Grampian Television . They became disillusioned with New Labour and , in 2005 , joined the Scottish National Party . They died in 2010 .
After Reid 's death the address was referred to as `` a working-class hero 's finest speech '' by The Independent and the writer Kenneth Roy regarded it as `` one of the outstanding speeches of the 20th century '' . Scottish Labour Party Leader Iain Gray described the address as `` one of the finest political speeches of the 1970s '' and the most famous portion , the phrase `` a rat race is for rats '' , is still quoted widely decades later .
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Text of the speech as published by Glasgow University
1971 in Scotland
1972 speeches
20th-century speeches
April 1972 events
Events in Glasgow
Inaugural addresses
University of Glasgow
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 108 ( P. Oxy . 108 or P. Oxy . I 108 ) is the monthly meat bill of a cook , written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus . The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet . The document was written on 28 September in either 183 or 215 . Currently it is housed at the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology ( E2753 ) in Philadelphia .
Description
The manuscript is dated to the 24th year of an emperor , more probably Caracalla than Commodus . If Caracalla is meant it would date the papyrus to 215 rather than 183 . It contains a list in two columns of the different kinds of meat supplied to the cook during the month of Thoth and part of the preceding month . The measurements of the fragment are 153 by 125 mm .
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus . The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898 .
Text
Cook 's account .
Thoth 4th , 24th year , 4 pounds of meat , 2 trotters ( ἄκρα ) , 1 tongue , 1 snout .
6th , half a head with the tongue ( ? )
11th , 2 pounds of meat , 1 tongue , 2 kidneys .
12th 1 pound of meat , 1 breast .
14th , 2 pounds of meat , 1 breast .
16th , 3 pounds of meat .
17th , 2 pounds of meat , 1 tongue .
18th , 1 tongue .
21st , 1 paunch .
22nd , 1 paunch , 2 kidneys .
23rd , 2 pounds of meat , 1 paunch , 2 trotters .
26th , 1 tongue .
30th , 1 breast .
And before this on Mesore 18th , 2 pounds of meat , 1 paunch , 2 kidneys .
21st , 1 breast .
23rd , 1 half a head with the tongue , 2 kidneys .
24th , 2 pounds , 2 kidneys .
25th , for Tryphon 2 pounds , 1 ear , 1 trotter , 2 kidneys .
29th , 2 pounds , 2 trotters , 1 tongue .
2nd intercalary day , 1 tongue .
3rd , 1 breast .
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 107
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 109
References
108
2nd-century manuscripts
3rd-century manuscripts
The 1932 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1932 . Before the satellite age started in the 1960s , data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable . Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land .
Systems
Hurricane One
A tropical cyclone formed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec on June 18 . It moved along the coast , became a hurricane , and was last seen June 21 . The lowest pressure was an uncorrected . This hurricane was reported to have winds of 130 mph .
Tropical Storm Two
On August 21 , tropical cyclone was heading northwestward south of the Revillagigedo Islands . A ship at the fringes of the cyclone measured a pressure of .
Hurricane Three
Between August 25 and 27 , a `` tropical hurricane '' formed offshore southern Mexico , and moved north-northwest into southwest Mexico east of Manzanillo before dissipating .
Hurricane Four
Somewhere southwest of the Gulf of Tehuantepec , a tropical cyclone formed on September 24 . It paralleled the coast , and intensified into a hurricane on September 25 . It then recurved , and made landfall near Mazatlán late during the night of September 26 and 27 , while still a hurricane . It dissipated inland over the mountains of Mexico . The lowest pressure reported by a ship was . The hurricane caused about $ 5,000,000 ( 1932 USD ) in damage .
Hurricane Five
On September 26 , a hurricane was spotted south of Acapulco . It headed along the coast , and entered the Gulf of California sometime on or after September 28 , wherein it moved north-northwest and dissipated , with its remnants continuing into the Southwestern United States .
Powerful winds in Mazatlán were attributed to this system . Over a four-day period ending October 1 , those remnants caused heavy rain of up to in the mountains of Southern California . Over a seven-hour period , fell at Tehachapi . That total by itself is enough to make this tropical cyclone one of California 's wettest tropical storm . Those rains also caused flash flooding on Tehachapi and Agua Caliente Creeks , which killed fifteen people .
See also
1932 Atlantic hurricane season
1932 Pacific typhoon season
1930s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1932 in Mexico
Pacific hurricane seasons
1930s Pacific hurricane seasons
The 1966 Vermont Catamounts football team was an American football team that represented the University of Vermont in the Yankee Conference during the 1966 NCAA College Division football season . In their fifth year under head coach Bob Clifford , the team compiled a 6–2 record .
Schedule
References
Vermont
Vermont Catamounts football seasons
Vermont Catamounts football
Camp Joe Holt was a Union base during the American Civil War in Jeffersonville , Indiana , across the Ohio River from Louisville , Kentucky , on land that is now part of Clarksville , Indiana , near the Big Eddy . It was a major staging area for troops in the Western Theatre of the War , in preparation for invading the Confederate States of America . Its establishment was the first major step performed by Kentucky Unionists to keep Kentucky from seceding to the Confederacy .
Built on land leased from Colonel S. H. Patterson , it was named in honor of Joseph Holt , who became Buchanan 's Secretary of War for about 60 days after John B. Floyd resigned . Holt strongly supported the Union . Colonel Lovell Rousseau opened the facility in June 1861 in order to recruit Kentuckians , mostly Louisvillians , into the Union Army . A pine board with the words Camp Joe Holt was nailed into a tree by the entrance to the camp on the second day of operations by a Captain Trainor .
The Camp was built in Indiana due to fears that recruiting camps in Kentucky would encourage Kentucky to secede to the Confederacy . ( A Confederate state government would eventually form in Kentucky , but the Union state government never dissolved . ) By early September 1861 , they had recruited over 2,000 such individuals , which formed the Fifth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry Regiment , nicknamed the Louisville Legion .
The 49th Indiana Infantry was organized at Camp Joe Holt by Colonel John W. Ray , a former city councilman of Jeffersonville . Assisting them in the endeavor was the former member of the Clark Guards , Lieutenant Colonel James Keigwin . This was the only regiment formed in Clark County , Indiana .
Camp Joe Holt would serve as a rendezvous hospital in 1862 until February 1864 when Jefferson General Hospital was opened in Port Fulton , Indiana , 1.5 miles upstream . It then reverted to a camp until the end of the war .
Mr. Patterson reserved the right to remove the government chapel which would later become St. Paul 's Episcopal Church .
See also
American Civil War fortifications in Louisville
Louisville in the American Civil War
Indiana in the American Civil War
References
Clarksville , Indiana
Forts in Indiana
1861 establishments in Indiana
Indiana in the American Civil War
Jeffersonville , Indiana
Louisville , Kentucky , in the American Civil War
American Civil War hospitals
American Civil War army posts
Kentucky in the American Civil War
Tourist attractions in Kentucky
Brad Trout or A. Bradley Trout Jr was born and raised in Miami , Florida . They attended Hialeah Miami-Lakes High School where they played safety , served as a captain of the Trojans football team , and was selected for the State Team . In 1993 , they received a scholarship go Valdosta State University .
Their senior year , they were a captain , was awarded Blazers ' Defensive Player of the Year and made the All-Gulf South Conference Team .
In 1998 , they signed as a free agent with the Atlanta Falcons as a free safety . They went on to play for the Denver Broncos for two years where they allocated them to NFL Europe 's Barcelona Dragons . While playing for the Dragons , they were awarded Defensive Player of the Week , made the All-NFL Europe Team and led the Dragons in tackles and interceptions . In 2000 , Brad was drafted by the XFL 's New York/New Jersey Hitmen where they were chosen as a defensive captain and made the all-XFL team ( # 36 ) . After the XFL they were signed by the NFL 's Kansas City Chiefs where they retired early due to injury . On March 24 , 2002 , Trout was waived by the Carolina Cobras .
Trout then became a physical education teacher for the lower , upper , and middle schools at The Walker School in Marietta , Georgia . They were also the defensive coordinator for Walker 's high school football team . Trout was also the high school head golf coach . They left The Walker School in 2008 . They have coached at South Cobb High School in Austell , Georgia , since 2009 .
References
https : //web.archive.org/web/20070623023605/http : //www.thewalkerschool.org/pages/faculty/directory_all.htm
http : //www.nfleurope.com/news/archive/14072000_newirons
http : //www.nfleurope.com/news/archive/13062000_stecker
https : //web.archive.org/web/20060327061259/http : //scores.seattlepi.nwsource.com/default.asp ? c=seattle-pi & page=xfl % 2Fnews % 2FANN1570940.htm
Barcelona Dragons players
American football defensive backs
New York/New Jersey Hitmen players
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Carolina Cobras players
Branewka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-west of Dzwola , east of Janów Lubelski , and south of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Branewka
John Klima ( born 1965 in Redondo Beach , United States ) is an American new media artist , who uses hand-built electronics , computer hardware and software to create online and in gallery artworks .
Received their BFA from State University of New York in 1987
They have had solo exhibitions at Postmasters Gallery and the Whitney Museum 's Artport in New York City , and the Bank Gallery in Los Angeles
For a period in 1993 Klima worked as a coder for Microsoft developing Microsoft 's internal PowerPoint slides , to create the illusion of a presentation on screen .
In 1996 they worked for the pharmaceutical giant Pfizer , their work with the company included the design of a learning game that was later distributed to the sales representatives of the company for the launch of Zyrtec .
In 2014 John founded Scratchbuilt Studios in Lisbon , Portugal . The studio is used for music and experimental sound projects .
In 2018 they were invited to The New Art Fest , an art and technology festival based in Lisbon and exhibited at the National Museum of Natural History and Science ( Lisbon ) .
They live and works in Brooklyn and is currently adjunct professor at the Rhode Island School of Design and Brooklyn Polytechnic University . Klima was a resident at Eyebeam .
Works
1997 : Cartesian Theater
1999 : Serbian Skylight
1999 : gb AI
1999 : pmg
2000 : glasbead
2001 : Go-Fish
2001 : ecosystm
2001 : EARTH
2002 : Terrain Machine
2002 : Speedo-Mat
2002 : The Great Game , Epilogue
2002 : The Great Game
2002 : Context Breeder
2002 : American Cinema
2002 : Jack and Jill
2002 : Political Landscape , Emotional Terrain
2002 : EARTH , Discrete Terrains
2003 : Time Machine
2003 : The Great Game : Iraq Expansion Pack
2004 : TERRAIN
2005 : TRAIN
2006 : RAPUNSEL
Further reading
( Brown University open source )
References
External links
Primary website of John Klima
http : //we-make-money-not-art.com/_whats_your_bac_1/
1965 births
Living people
American digital artists
Rhode Island School of Design faculty
My Childish Father may refer to :
My Childish Father ( 1930 film ) , French film
My Childish Father ( 1953 film ) , French film
Simon Kerr ( born 4 January 1970 ) is a retired Australian rugby union footballer who played for the and in Super Rugby , Southland in New Zealand 's National Provincial Championship and Irish province Munster in the Celtic League and Heineken Cup .
Having previously represented Australian sides New South Wales Waratahs and Queensland Reds in Super Rugby , and also Gold Coast Breakers and New Zealand side Southland in the National Provincial Championship , Kerr joined Irish province Munster in August 2002 , ahead of the 2002–03 season . They went on to earn 22 caps for the province , as well as scoring 1 try , in their two seasons in Ireland .
References
External links
Munster profile
Itsrugby profile
1970 births
Living people
Australian rugby union players
Rugby union props
New South Wales Waratahs players
Queensland Reds players
Munster Rugby players
Rugby union players from New South Wales
Joanna Griffiths ( born 1984 ) is a Canadian entrepreneur , and founder and CEO of Knix Wear , a women 's undergarment brand .
Career
Griffiths attended Queen 's University in Kingston , Ontario , graduating with a commerce degree .
Griffiths began their career as a publicist for Universal Music Group and the Toronto International Film Festival , before attending INSEAD in France . They graduated with their MBA in 2012 . The next year , Griffiths launched Knix with leak-proof underwear . The company began selling wholesale , with Hudson 's Bay being their brand 's first retail partner , but in 2016 , Griffiths pulled out of over 700 North American retail spaces to focus on direct-to-consumer sales . During the pandemic , they decided to expand the company and take on outside capital . They experienced criticism from some investors who questioned their ability to lead their company while pregnant , and refused to accept money from any potential investors who doubted them They raised $ 53 million in March 2021 , closing the funding round three days before giving birth to twins girls.As of January 2022 , Griffiths has opened up six brick-and-mortar Knix stores across North America .
In November 2021 , Griffiths , along with singer and doula Domino Kirke , released Life After Birth : Portraits of Love and the Beauty of Parenthood , a book about the experiences of postpartum mothers featuring stories from parents like Ashley Graham and Amy Schumer . Ahead of International Women 's Day , in February 2022 , Griffiths and Ashley Graham released Big . Strong . Woman . at the Adweek Challenger Brands Summit , a film focused on combating female stereotypes and highlighting female strength .
In April 2022 , Knix and Betsey Johnson collaborated to create a collection of intimates .
Philanthropy
Griffiths pledged $ 100,000 to Black Lives Matter in 2020 , and also started a GoFundMe to raise money to supply personal protective equipment to Canadian hospitals . Griffiths also partnered their brand with the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health , providing wire-free bras to female patients .
Awards and accolades
In 2018 , Griffiths was named Women of Influence 's Entrepreneur of the Year , and has also received the Retail Council of Canada 's Marketing Innovation Award . They are the winner of RBC Canadian Women Entrepreneur Start-Up Award . Knix was named the sixth fastest growing company of Canada , and also was recognized as Strategy magazine 's 2020 Brand of the Year . Griffiths is a finalist for the EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2022 Ontario .
References
1980s births
Canadian women in business
Women chief executives
Woman founders
The Catholic Church in Mongolia is part of the worldwide Catholic Church , under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome . There are around 1,300 Catholics in the country who are served by three churches in the capital Ulaanbaatar plus churches in Darkhan , Arvaikheer , Erdenet and mission stations that may grow into churches .
Catholicism was first introduced in the 13th century during the Mongol empire , but died out with the demise of the Yuan Dynasty in 1368 . New missionary activity only set in after the Second Opium War in the mid-19th century . A mission was founded for Outer Mongolia , giving Mongolia its first Catholic jurisdiction , but all work ceased within a year when a communist regime came to power .
With the introduction of democracy in 1991 , Catholic missionaries returned and rebuilt the church from scratch . As of 2016 , there is an Apostolic Prefecture , a bishop , six churches , and diplomatic relations between the Holy See and Mongolia since 4 April 1992 .
History
Christianity in Mongolia has ancient roots . Nestorianism had been practiced since the 7th century , and in the 13th century Western missionaries such as William Rubruck and Giovanni da Pian del Carpine and Armenian King Hethum I visited the region . The leaders of the Mongol Empire were traditionally tolerant of many religions , though Christianity was a key religious influence , primarily through the wives of the Mongolian khans - women from the Church of the East Keraites . John of Montecorvino was a key missionary to Mongol-controlled China during the Yuan Dynasty , translating the New Testament and the Psalms into the Mongol tongue , founding the first Catholic mission in Beijing and becoming its first bishop .
Technically Mongolia had been covered by the Diocese of Peking , and it was not until 1840 , when a Vicariate Apostolic was divided from Beijing , that Mongolia had its own Catholic jurisdiction . In 1883 , a vicariate for Inner Mongolia was created and then a mission was created for Outer Mongolia in 1922 . Freedom of thought and religion were not permitted under communist rule .
Mission sui iuris ( 1991–2003 )
The new Mongolian Constitution of 1992 guaranteed religious liberty , and missionaries were sent to reconstitute the Church . Missionhurst ( the Congregation of the Immaculate Heart of Mary ) sent priests Fathers Wenceslao Padilla , Gilbert Sales and Robert Goessens to accomplish this mission once the Vatican had established diplomatic relations with Mongolia . Prior to their arrival , expatriates had been attending Protestant services . Initially , none of the missionaries knew Mongolian , none of the native peoples knew English , and there were no Catholic liturgical texts printed in Mongolian . The first Masses were held in rented apartments and consisted of foreigners working for embassies and foreign aid organizations .
By 1996 , Father Wenceslao Padilla and 150 parishioners were on hand at the dedication of the first Catholic Church in Mongolian history . In 1997 the first papal nuncio to Mongolia from the Holy See was named . The new Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul in Ulaanbaatar is shaped like a traditional ger , with its circular tent shape and walls of thick felt . Fr Wenceslao Padilla was consecrated as the first Bishop of Mongolia on 29 August , 2003 in the Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul in Ulaanbaatar .
Prefecture Apostolic ( 2003–present )
On 23 August 2003 , Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe ( head of the Vatican Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples ) arrived and consecrated Father Padilla as the first bishop of Mongolia , although the country is not yet a diocese . Pope John Paul II apologized for being unable to attend the opening himself , as they had been planning to visit Mongolia , a first for a pope . They had originally been invited by the President of Mongolia during their visit to the Vatican in 2000 . There are now 54 missionaries from various countries helping to build up the Church , and 3 functioning parishes . The arrival of numerous Christian missionaries has been notable since the fall of communism , and Catholicism grew from no adherents in 1991 to over 600 in 2006 , including about 350 native Mongolians .
A Mongolian version of the Catholic catechism was printed in mid-2004 . It is done in traditional Mongolian writing style and includes common Catholic prayers . The mission runs a kindergarten , English classes , a technical school , soup kitchens , two farms , and a care center for 120 disabled children . Another course offered is how to deal with anger management , in order to help uproot domestic violence . The Verbist Center has taken in 120 street children who had previously been living in Ulaanbaatar 's sewer system . Christmas is not a national holiday in Mongolia , as the proportion of the population that is Christian is very low . A fourth parish was founded in 2007 in Darkhan , Mongolia 's second-largest city . The first Catholic grotto in Mongolia was dedicated in 2008 . Joseph Enkh Baatar became the first Mongolian Catholic to join a seminary for the priesthood in 2008 . They were ordained as the first Mongolian deacon in December 2014 , and as the first Mongolian priest on 27 August 2016 . More than 1,500 people attended the ordination Mass , including nearly 100 priests from South Korea , dignitaries of foreign embassies , those from local Orthodox churches , and Buddhist monks . As of 2016 there were three seminarians for Mongolia studying in Daejeon , South Korea .
Bishop Wenceslao Padilla died on 25 September , 2018 after twenty-six years of service in Mongolia , fifteen of them as bishop . On 2 April 2020 , Giorgio Marengo , parish priest of Arvaikheer , was appointed Apostolic Prefect of Ulaanbaatar , and was consecrated bishop on 8 August 2020 .
Legal restrictions
People under the age of 16 can only receive catechesis with written parental consent and professions of faith are only allowed in church buildings . Priests may not dress in clerical clothing in public .
References
External links
Catholic Church in Mongolia
Mongolia
Mongolia
Purbba Gopalpur is a village in the Panskua CD block in the Tamluk subdivision of the Purba Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Geography
Location
Purbba Gopalpur is located at .
Urbanisation
94.08 % of the population of Tamluk subdivision live in the rural areas . Only 5.92 % of the population live in the urban areas , and that is the second lowest proportion of urban population amongst the four subdivisions in Purba Medinipur district , just above Egra subdivision .
Note : The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision . All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map .
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India , Purbba Gopalpur had a total population of 1,110 , of which 574 ( 52 % ) were males and 536 ( 49 % ) were females . There were 101 persons in the age range of 0–6 years . The total number of literate persons in Purbba Goplapur was 849 ( 89.14 % of the population over 6 years ) .
Purbba Gopalpur picture gallery
References
Villages in Purba Medinipur district
Melissa Jane Bulow ( born 13 June 1980 ) is an Australian cricketer . They have appeared in two Test matches , 19 One Day Internationals and 2 Twenty20 Internationals for their country .
They announced their retirement from international cricket in November 2012 .
Bulow is the 149th woman to play Test cricket for Australia , and the 98th woman to play One Day International cricket for Australia .
References
1980 births
Australia women One Day International cricketers
Australia women Test cricketers
Australia women Twenty20 International cricketers
Cricketers from Queensland
Living people
Sportspeople from Ipswich , Queensland
Queensland cricketers
The women 's 48 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 6 August at the Carioca Arena 2 .
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament , with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver . Judo events awarded two bronze medals . Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal ( that is , the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other , with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket ) .
The medals for the competition were presented by Yumilka Ruiz , Cuba , member of the International Olympic Committee and the gifts were presented by Marius Vizer , president of the International Judo Federation .
Results
Finals
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
W48
Judo at the Summer Olympics Women 's Extra Lightweight
Women 's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympics W48
Dołhobyczów ( ) is a village in Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It is the seat of the gmina ( administrative district ) called Gmina Dołhobyczów . It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has a population of 1,720 . Road border crossing between Poland and Ukraine was opened temporarily in nearby village Dołhobyczów-Kolonia during Euro 2012 and in 24 June 2014 the permanent crossing was completed . Since 2015 the crossing is available for cars , coaches , trucks under 3.5 tonnes of mass , bikes and pedestrians .
External links
www.nad-bugiem.com
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Kholm Governorate
Centro de Deportes Barco is a football team based in O Barco de Valdeorras in the autonomous community of Galicia . Founded in 1973 , it plays in the Tercera División RFEF – Group 1 . Its stadium is Estadio Municipal de Calabagueiros .
Season to season
18 seasons in Tercera División
1 season in Tercera División RFEF
References
External links
Official website
Futbolme.com profile
Football clubs in Galicia ( Spain )
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol clubs
Association football clubs established in 1973
1973 establishments in Spain
Kozlov 's accentor ( Prunella koslowi ) or the Mongolian accentor , is a species of bird in the family Prunellidae . It is found in Mongolia and northern China .
The specific epithet was chosen to honour the Russian explorer Pyotr Kozlov .
References
External links
Xeno-canto : audio recordings of Kozlov 's accentor
Kozlov 's accentor
Birds of Mongolia
Birds of North China
Kozlov 's accentor
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Umaro Embaló ( born 6 May 2001 ) is a professional footballer who plays for Fortuna Sittard as a forward . Born in Guinea-Bissau , they are a youth international for Portugal .
Honours
Benfica
Campeonato Nacional de Juniores : 2017–18
UEFA Youth League runner-up : 2019–20
References
External links
National team data
2001 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bissau
Portuguese footballers
Portugal youth international footballers
Bissau-Guinean footballers
Bissau-Guinean emigrants to Portugal
Association football forwards
Liga Portugal 2 players
S.L . Benfica B players
The Maine State Pier is a municipal-owned deepwater marine facility and music venue located at the intersection of Commercial Street and Franklin Street on the eastern waterfront in Portland , Maine .
It was completed in 1924 . In the mid-2000s , competing proposals were examined to redevelop the Maine State Pier into a tourist destination , but difficulties with state regulations and the late-2000s recession halted proposed redevelopment . In 2009 , the first annual Portland Lobster Fest was held at the State Pier .
In 2009 , the Portland City Council approved spending $ 2.4 million to redevelop the end of pier . Improvements included the creation of an outdoor music venue . In 2011 , rapper Wiz Khalifa and others appeared at the venue . In 2016 , Maine native Howie Day performed `` Collide '' and other songs at the pier . In '07 , Grace Potter & the Nocturnals from Vermont played there . Boston acts Guster played there in '09 , and Rachel Platten in 2015 . The venue has a maximum capacity of 3,000 .
During the 2011 Portland mayoral campaign , several candidates , including former State Senator Ethan Strimling made the lack of redevelopment at the Maine State Pier a key campaign issue . Many of Strimling 's largest campaign donors were employees of Ocean Properties , one of the companies which sought to redevelop the pier during the 2000s .
References
Music venues in Portland , Maine
Buildings and structures in Portland , Maine
Economy of Portland , Maine
Piers in Maine
Infrastructure completed in 1924
Port of Portland ( Maine )
1924 establishments in Maine
Maharaja Theme Park is an amusement park located in Neelambur , Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India . The park also has movie screens attached with the park .
It was opened to the public in April 2006 . Tamil Actor surya opened this theme park .
References
Amusement parks in Tamil Nadu
Tourist attractions in Coimbatore
2006 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Amusement parks opened in 2006
Daviesia dielsii , commonly known as Diels ' daviesia , is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia . It is on intricately-branched shrub with sharply-pointed , egg-shaped , vertically compressed phyllodes , and yellow and red flowers .
Description
Daviesia dielsii is an intricately-branched shrub that typically grows to about high and wide . Its leaves are reduced to moderately crowded , sharply-pointed , vertically compressed , egg-shaped phyllodes with the narrower end towards the base , long , wide and thick . The flowers are arranged singly in leaf axils on a pedicel long with bracts long in clusters at the base . The sepals are long and joined at the base with lobes about long , the two upper lobes are joined and the lower three triangular . The standard petal is elliptic , long and wide , and yellow with a red centre . The wings are long and maroon , and the keel is long and red . Flowering mainly occurs from March to August and the fruit is an inflated , triangular pod long .
Taxonomy and naming
Daviesia dielsii was first formally described in 1904 by Ernst Georg Pritzel in Botanische Jahrbücher für Systematik , Pflanzengeschichte und Pflanzengeographie . The specific epithet ( dielsii ) honours Ludwig Diels .
Distribution and habitat
Diels ' daviesia grows in kwongan heath and on disturbed roadsides in the Dalwallinu-Moora-Three Springs area where it is known from fifteen populations .
Conservation status
Daviesia dielsii is listed as `` endangered '' under the Australian Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 and as `` Threatened Flora ( Declared Rare Flora — Extant ) '' by the Department of Biodiversity , Conservation and Attractions . The main threats to the species are road maintenance activities and weed invasion .
References
dielsii
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1904
Taxa named by Ernst Pritzel
Frances Elizabeth Fearn Ward ( born 16 September 1959 ) is an Anglican priest and theologian . They served as Dean of St Edmundsbury from 2010 to 2017 .
Early life and education
Ward was born on 16 September 1959 in Geelong , Victoria , Australia . They were educated at The King 's School , Ely . They later studied at the University of St Andrews and the University of Manchester . From 1987 to 1989 , they trained for holy orders at Westcott House , Cambridge , an Anglican theological college in the Liberal Catholic tradition .
Ordained ministry
They were ordained deacon in 1989 and priest in 1994 . They were then a tutor at Northern College until 1998 and then Vicar of St Peter 's Bury until 2005 . They were a residentiary canon at Bradford Cathedral from 2006 until their appointment as Dean in 2010 .
On 30 May 2010 , it was announced that Ward would be the next Dean of St Edmundsbury in succession to Neil Collings . In October 2010 , they were installed as dean at St Edmundsbury Cathedral . In July 2017 , it was announced that they would be stepping down as Dean later in the year and would be returning to academia to complete a second doctorate ; their final service at the cathedral was on 15 October 2017 .
Since 2018 , Ward has held a Licence to Officiate in the Diocese of Carlisle . On 2 February 2020 they were licensed as Priest-in-Charge of St John 's Church , Workington and St Michael 's Church , Workington .
Views
Ward belongs to the Catholic Anglican tradition of the Church of England . They are a supporter of the ordination of women as priests and bishops .
Selected works
Among other books they have written :
Lifelong Learning ( 2005 )
Studying Local Churches ( 2005 )
Theological Reflection Methods ( 2005 )
Theological Reflection Sources ( 2007 )
Why Rousseau Was Wrong : Christianity and the Secular Soul ( 2013 )
Holy Attention : Preaching in Today 's Church ( 2019 )
Full of Character : A Christian Approach to Education for the Digital Age ( 2019 )
Like There 's No Tomorrow : Climate Crisis , Eco-Anxiety and God ( 2020 )
References
1959 births
People from Geelong
People educated at The King 's School , Ely
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Alumni of the University of Manchester
Provosts and Deans of St Edmundsbury
Living people
Alumni of Westcott House , Cambridge
British Anglo-Catholics
Australian Anglo-Catholics
Ascend may refer to :
Ascend ( Greg Howe album ) , 1999
Ascend ( Nine Lashes album ) , 2016
Ascend ( Illenium album ) , 2019
ASCEND , mathematical modelling/simulation software
Ascend Communications , an Alameda , California-based manufacturer of communications equipment
Ascend : Hand of Kul , an Xbox 360 and PC game by Signal Studios
Huawei Ascend , a series of Android operating system-based smartphones manufactured by Huawei
Ascend Group , a e-commerce company headquartered in Bangkok , Thailand
See also
Ascent ( disambiguation )
Ascension ( disambiguation )
Ascender ( disambiguation )
Ascendency in ecology
Ascendant , in astrology
Ascendancy ( disambiguation )
Islam El-Shehaby ( ʾIslām ash-Shahābī ; born 1 August 1982 ) is an Egyptian former judoka .
They competed at the 2008 , 2012 , and 2016 Summer Olympics . El Shehaby was a nine-time African Champion ( 2002–13 ) , and was the world bronze medalist in 2010 in Tokyo . They won five World Cup medals , and competitions in Abu Dhabi , Düsseldorf , Moscow , Qingdao , Cairo and Baku . El Shehaby won silver at the 2016 Grand Prix Düsseldorf in the O100 classification .
Following controversy regarding their refusal to shake the hand of Israeli judoka Or Sasson , who defeated them at the 2016 Summer Olympics , they retired in August 2016 . The Disciplinary Committee of the International Olympic Committee issued a `` severe reprimand '' to El Shehaby for behavior violating `` the rules of fair play and against the spirit of friendship embodied in the Olympic Values , '' and they were sent home before the Olympics closing ceremony .
Personal life
Islam El Shehaby was born in Cairo , Egypt , and is a conservative Salafi Muslim . They are 1.95 m ( 6 ' 5 '' ) tall , and weighs 135 kg ( 298 lbs . )
2016 Olympics controversy
El Shehaby competed at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , where they were thrown twice by and lost to Israeli judoka Or Sasson , who later won a bronze medal in this competition . After the match , El Shehaby refused to bow or shake hands with their opponent , after the Israeli had bowed to him . As a result of their major breach of judo etiquette , the Egyptian was loudly booed and jeered by the near-capacity crowd .
After their defeat , El Shehaby lay flat on their back for a moment before standing to take their place before Sasson , in front of the referee . When Sasson extended their hand to the Egyptian , El Shehaby backed away , shaking their head and shunning Sasson . The referee then called El Shehaby back to the mat and demanded that they bow , at which point El Shehaby gave a quick nod of their head .
El Shehaby 's conduct was widely condemned as unsportsmanlike . American coach Jimmy Pedro said `` That is extremely rare in judo . It is especially disrespectful considering it was a clean throw and a fair match . It was completely dishonourable and totally unsportsmanlike on the part of the Egyptian . '' BBC judo commentator Mark Doran said . `` That is not what the Olympics are about . ''
El Shehaby 's refusal to shake hands had precedent , in actions by another member of Egypt 's team . Egyptian judoka Ramadan Darwish had refused to shake hands with their Israeli opponent Arik Zeevi , another Israeli Olympic bronze medalist , in both the 2011 Judo Grand Slam and the 2012 Judo Grand Prix .
Prior to competing , El Shehaby had been urged to forfeit the match by Egyptian Islamists and nationalists , as Iranian Javad Mahjoub had done years earlier in forfeiting a match against Or Sasson . The Egyptian Olympic Committee stated that El Shehaby was alerted before the match to abide by all the rules and have sporting spirit . The committee also stated that what they did was a personal action .
Both the International Olympic Committee and the International Judo Federation stated that they would review the incident , to see if action should be taken . It is unclear what potential punishment El Shehaby or Egyptian judo as a whole could face , but their hopes of medaling were dashed regardless due to Sasson 's decisive performance in the quarterfinals .
Following their defeat and the related controversy , El Shehaby announced they were retiring from judo .
The Ethics Committee and the Disciplinary Committee of the International Olympic Committee issued a `` severe reprimand '' to El Shehaby for behavior violating `` the rules of fair play and against the spirit of friendship embodied in the Olympic Values '' , and they were reportedly sent home before the Olympics closing ceremony . IOC Disciplinary Committee also requested that the Egyptian Olympic Committee in the future make certain that all Egyptian athletes are properly educated as to the Olympic Values before they participate in the Olympic Games . Egypt 's Judo Federation however denied that they had been punished and claimed they had traveled back home with their team as scheduled since it was customary for athletes to go back once their competitions were finished .
Achievements
See also
Boycotts of Israel in individual sports
External links
Judoka profile
References
1982 births
Arab–Israeli conflict
Competitors at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2009 Mediterranean Games
Egyptian male judoka
Judoka at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Living people
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Egypt
Olympic Games controversies
Olympic judoka of Egypt
Sportspeople from Cairo
Egyptian Salafis
Mediterranean Games medalists in judo
African Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 2011 All-Africa Games
African Games silver medalists for Egypt
Nathaniel Briggs Durfee ( September 29 , 1812 – November 9 , 1872 ) was a U.S. Representative from Rhode Island .
Born in Tiverton , Rhode Island , Durfee completed preparatory studies .
They engaged in agricultural pursuits and conducted a fruit orchard .
They served as member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives for eleven years .
Durfee was elected as a candidate of the American Party to the Thirty-fourth Congress and as a Republican to the Thirty-fifth Congress ( March 4 , 1855 – March 3 , 1859 ) .
They resumed their former pursuits .
They were serving as county clerk at the time of their death in Tiverton , Rhode Island , on November 9 , 1872 .
They were interred in the family burial ground near Tiverton , Rhode Island .
Sources
1812 births
1872 deaths
People from Tiverton , Rhode Island
Rhode Island Know Nothings
Know-Nothing members of the United States House of Representatives from Rhode Island
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Rhode Island
Members of the Rhode Island House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
Mark Bolton ( born 3 April 1979 ) is a retired Australian rules footballer .
They were recruited to Essendon with pick 4 in the 1997 National Draft , via Ringwood , Victoria and Eastern U18 . They made their debut in 1998 and went on to play 124 games .
They announced their retirement at the 2007 Crichton Medal Count .
Bolton completed their secondary education at Ringwood Secondary College and continued on to complete a Bachelor of Science ( Biomedical Science ) at Swinburne University of Technology .
Bolton joined University Blacks for season 2010 .
Bolton is now , in 2011 , the executive director of Ladder , a non-governmental organisation that enables homeless youth to find housing , jobs and pursue meaningful lives .
References
1979 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Essendon Football Club players
Swinburne University of Technology alumni
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
Eastern Ranges players
University Blacks Football Club players
Big Sky High School is an American public high school in Missoula , Montana , United States , opened in 1980 . The school made Missoula the first city in Montana to have four secondary schools . It is a part of the Missoula County Public Schools .
Extracurricular activities
Band
Bands at Big Sky include Symphonic Band , Wind Ensemble , Jazz Band , Pep Band , and Big Sky Eagle Marching Band . All students in concert bands are required to participate in the marching band . The marching band performs at two football games per year and at the University of Montana homecoming parade . They have traveled to perform in places such as Carnegie Hall in New York City and the Rose Parade in California . In 2014 , the band travelled to Honolulu , Hawaii , to perform at the 29th annual Pacific Basin Music Festival along with the choir .
Choir
The school has four different choirs : a beginning men 's choir , a beginning women 's choir ( Chorale ) , an advanced women 's choir ( Treble Choir ) , and a mixed advanced choir ( Aesirian Choir ) . There is also an audition-only extracurricular choir called Sky Blues .
Drama
The drama department has produced over one hundred full-length productions since the school 's opening in 1980 . They work closely with Way Off Broadway Theater Company . The department has an annual Fall Cabaret Show , where students write or direct the performances . The department also has the Spring Dance Concert .
Speech and debate
In the 2014-2015 season the Big Sky speech and debate team grew to be the fourth-largest in the state , in spite of the school having the smallest enrollment in its class .
Athletics
Boys ' basketball
Boys ' soccer
Cross-country
Football
Girls ' basketball
Girls ' soccer
Golf
Softball
Swimming
Tennis
Track and field
Volleyball
Wrestling
Tennis
Notable alumni
Chance McKinney , country singer
Joslyn Tinkle , WNBA forward for Seattle Storm ( daughter of Wayne Tinkle )
Larry Krystkowiak , former NBA player , former Utah men 's basketball coach
Jordan Tripp , former NFL Linebacker
References
External links
1980 establishments in Montana
Educational institutions established in 1980
Public high schools in Montana
Schools in Missoula County , Montana
Giulia Boschi ( born 17 December 1962 ) is an Italian film and television actor .
Life and career
Born in Rome , Boschi is the daughter of the television presenter Aba Cercato . They made their film debut in 1984 , in Francesca Comencini 's Pianoforte , and for this performance they were awarded as best actor at the Rio de Janeiro Film Festival . They were also awarded a Silver Ribbon for best new actor . In 1988 they won the Ciak d'oro for best supporting actor in Da grande .
Filmography
References
External links
Italian film actores
1962 births
Actresses from Rome
Italian television actores
Living people
Nastro d'Argento winners
20th-century Italian actores
21st-century Italian actores
Miscellaneous Mathematical Symbols-A is a Unicode block containing characters for mathematical , logical , and database notation .
Character table
Compact table
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Miscellaneous Mathematical Symbols-A block :
See also
Mathematical operators and symbols in Unicode
References
Unicode blocks
Mirche Acev is a former village in Municipality of Krivogaštani . Before World War 2 , its name was Petrovo . The village is also split by the Prilep Municipality .
Villages in Krivogaštani Municipality
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Guru Nanak Stadium is a football and athletics stadium in Ludhiana , India . It is currently the home ground of I-League team RoundGlass Punjab FC . With seating capacity of 30,000 spectators , there is a provision of 8 lane synthetic track . The track conforms to international standards for conduct of any athletic meeting .
The adjacent indoor stadium has been used for the National Basketball Championship .
Other events
It had the privilege of hosting 31st National Games in 2001 .
Kabaddi
Stadium has hosted some domestic kabaddi matches . It also hosted matches of Kabaddi World Cup .
References
Basketball venues in India
Football venues in Punjab , India
Sports venues in Punjab , India
Buildings and structures in Ludhiana
RoundGlass Punjab FC
Year of establishment missing
Tim Dwyer may refer to :
Tim Dwyer ( rugby league ) , Australian rugby league player
Tim Dwyer ( basketball ) , American basketball player and coach
See also
Horse MacGyver ( Timothy Dwyer ) , Australian artist and electronic musician
Danewal ( ) , is a town and union council in the suburb of Vehari in Vehari District of the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Populated places in Vehari District
Khabirov ( Bashkir or Tatar : Хәбиров ; Russian : Хабиров ) is a Tatar and Bashkir masculine surname ; its feminine counterpart is Khabirova . The surname may refer to
Radiy Khabirov ( born 1964 ) , Russian politician
Svetlana Khabirova ( born 1978 ) , Russian weightlifter
Tatar-language surnames
Bashkir-language surnames
The Box Butte County Courthouse , which is located on Box Butte Ave. between E. 5th and 6th Sts . in Alliance , Nebraska , is a historic building that was built in 1913 . It was designed by Rose & Peterson in Beaux Arts architectural style .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .
References
External links
More photos of the Box Butte County Courthouse at Wikimedia Commons
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Nebraska
Beaux-Arts architecture in Nebraska
Government buildings completed in 1913
Buildings and structures in Box Butte County , Nebraska
1913 establishments in Nebraska
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Nebraska
National Register of Historic Places in Box Butte County , Nebraska
James Joseph McCarter ( 19 March 1923 – 2002 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town and Sheffield Wednesday .
References
1923 births
2002 deaths
Scottish footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C . players
Mansfield Town F.C . players
Vale of Clyde F.C . players
Weymouth F.C . players
Paul C. Jerrard ( born April 20 , 1965 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played one season in the National Hockey League for the Minnesota North Stars .
Jerrard is an assistant coach for the Omaha Mavericks of the National Collegiate Hockey Conference ( NCHC ) They were previously a coach for the Stars AHL affiliate , the Texas Stars . They served as assistant coach for the Utica Comets of the American Hockey League , and then , an assistant coach for the Calgary Flames .
Playing career
Jerrard was drafted in the 9th round of the 1983 NHL Draft by the New York Rangers from Athol Murray College of Notre Dame in Saskatchewan , a famous hockey school in Canada . After being drafted by the New York Rangers , they left Canada to play college hockey at Lake Superior State University , where they played all 4 seasons for the Lakers .
After graduating from LSSU , they joined the Colorado Rangers of the IHL . They would be traded to the Minnesota North Stars in 1988 , who they would play 5 games for in the 1988–89 NHL season . After this brief stint on the NHL , they would remain in the minors for the rest of their career , ending it with the Hershey Bears in 1997 .
Career statistics
Coaching career
Jerrard began their coaching career with the Lowell Lock Monsters of the AHL in 1998 . After coaching one season , they joined the staff of their alma mater , the Lake Superior State University hockey team . They spent four seasons with the Lakers before joining the Colorado Avalanche as an assistant coach . They left the next year for the Hershey Bears , where they stayed for 2 years before returning to the former Minnesota North Stars organization .
Jerrard remained with the Iowa Stars as an assistant coach before leaving in 2008 . They rejoined the Dallas Stars organization in 2009 for the newly created Texas Stars , where they coached under Glen Gulutzan . When Gulutzan was promoted to become the coach of the Dallas Stars , they brought Jerrard with him . On May 14 , 2013 , Gulutzan and Jerrard were fired .
On August 12 , 2013 , Jerrard was hired by the Vancouver Canucks to be assistant coach of their AHL affiliate , the Utica Comets .
On July 6 , 2016 , Jerrard was hired by the Calgary Flames as an assistant coach , who focused on developing Calgary 's defence corps and improving their penalty kill . They were fired on April 17 , 2018 along with assistant coach Dave Cameron and head coach Glen Gulutzan .
Jerrard then took the assistant coach job with the Omaha Mavericks of the National Collegiate Hockey Conference ( NCHC ) on May 25 , 2018 .
References
External links
1965 births
Albany Choppers players
Athol Murray College of Notre Dame alumni
Black Canadian ice hockey players
Calgary Flames coaches
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Colorado Avalanche coaches
Colorado Rangers players
Dallas Stars coaches
Denver Rangers players
Fort Wayne Komets players
Hershey Bears players
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Kalamazoo Wings ( 1974–2000 ) players
Lake Superior State Lakers men 's ice hockey players
Living people
Milwaukee Admirals ( IHL ) players
Minnesota North Stars players
New York Rangers draft picks
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Canadian ice hockey coaches
The women 's doubles event at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held from 26 to 29 June at the Tarragona Tennis Club .
Başak Eraydın and İpek Öz of Turkey won the gold medal , defeating Nefisa Berberović and Dea Herdželaš of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the final , 0–6 , 6–3 , [ 12–10 ] .
Marina Bassols Ribera and Eva Guerrero Álvarez of Spain won the bronze medal , defeating Fiona Ferro and Harmony Tan of France in the bronze medal match , 7–5 , 7–5 .
Medalists
Seeds
( semifinals ; fourth place )
( champions ; gold medalists )
( final ; silver medalists )
( semifinals ; bronze medalists )
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Draw
Tennis at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Scaevola humifusa ( common name - procumbent scaevola ) is a prostrate shrub in the family Goodeniaceae , native to Western Australia . It grows to a height of 0.01 to 0.5 m , and its white-cream/white-blue flowers may be seen from August to November or January .
Description
Scaevola humifusa is a shrub which sprawls along the ground , and is densely covered in short , weak , soft hairs . Its stems are up to 40 cm long . The thick leaves have no stalks , have smooth edges , and the leaf blades are 5–20 mm long by 1–4 mm wide . The hairs in the axils are woolly and conspicuous . The flowers occur in axillary racemes which are up to 10 mm long . The sepals are almost free and about 0.5 mm long . The corolla which is 7 to 11 mm long is hairy on the outside , and densely hairy in the throat . The flowers are white or cream with greenish or brownish lines . The fruit is obovoid , 2–4 mm long , sometimes ribbed , almost without any covering of hairs or scales and is 1-seeded .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in the IBRA Regions of the Avon Wheatbelt , Coolgardie biogeographic region , the Esperance Plains , the Geraldton Sandplains , the Mallee biogeographic region , and the Swan Coastal Plain , growing on sandy and clayey soils , on saline flats , in open heath and mallee .
Taxonomy and etymology
It was first described and named by Willem Hendrik de Vriese in 1810 , and its specific epithet , humifusa , is a botanical Latin adjective derived from the Latin , humus ( meaning `` ground '' ) and fusus ( meaning `` fell down '' ) , thereby giving an adjective which describes the plant as `` spreading over the ground '' , or `` lying on the ground '' .
References
humifusa
Eudicots of Western Australia
Asterales of Australia
Plants described in 1845
Taxa named by Willem Hendrik de Vriese
This is a discography for the Canadian rock guitarist Rik Emmett .
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
Video
External links
Rik Emmett official site
Discographies of Canadian artists
Rock music discographies
Stone Canoe is a literary magazine published annually by The YMCA 's Downtown Writers Center in Syracuse , New York ( `` The DWC '' ) . It publishes the work of writers and artists who are current or former residents of Upstate New York , which the journal 's editors define as that portion of the state outside of New York City and Long Island . The magazine was established in 2007 by Robert Colley , and is currently edited by poet and DWC founder Philip Memmer . Each of the journal 's major categories are edited by a panel of guest editors , which rotate annually .
Annual Awards
Where funding allows , Stone Canoe has a series of annual awards for the best submissions by emerging writers and artists , selected by the editors . These awards include publication and an honorarium of $ 500 .
Reception
Issue 1 won a Bronze Medal at the 2007 Independent Publisher 's Book ( IPPY ) Awards , the 2007 Certificate of Excellence for the Mid-Atlantic Region from the UCEA , and a Gold Medal at the 2008 University Continuing Education Association .
Issue 2 won a Silver Medal at the 2008 IPPY Awards .
Issue 3 won a Silver Medal from UCEA .
Issue 4 won a Silver Medal at the 2010 IPPY Awards and a Silver Medal from UCEA .
Issue 6 won a Gold Medal at the 2012 IPPY Awards and a Gold Medal from UCEA .
Issue 8 won a Silver Medal at the 2014 IPPY Awards .
Name
Stone Canoe derives its name from a traditional Native American story from Upstate New York that dates back some 2000 years . The story itself concerns the arrival of the Great Peacemaker to the region . According to Iroquois tradition , the Great Peacemaker was the founder of the Haudenosaunee , commonly called the Iroquois Confederacy . As the legend goes , the Peacemaker came to the area by crossing Lake Ontario on a white stone canoe .
References
External links
2007 establishments in New York ( state )
Literary magazines published in the United States
Annual magazines published in the United States
English-language magazines
Magazines established in 2007
Magazines published in New York ( state )
Mass media in Syracuse , New York
Syracuse University
Lalaua District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique . The principal town is Lalaua .
Further reading
District profile ( PDF )
Districts in Nampula Province
Astra 2A is one of the Astra communications satellites owned by Société Européenne des Satellites . Launched in 1998 into the 28.2° East orbital position , half its expected end-of-life capacity of 28 transponders were pre-booked by BSkyB , who utilised it to launch their new Sky Digital service . In March 2015 , the satellite has been deactivated and relocated to 113.5° East .
History
The satellite suffered pre-launch technical issues with its apogee motors and was moved to a launch by the Proton-K / DM-03 rather than the Ariane 5 , as the Proton can inject directly in geostationary orbit ( GEO ) .
When positioned at 28.2 East , it joined DFS Kopernikus-1 , which served mainly Eastern Europe . The satellite was the first of Astra 's craft to never carry analogue television services ( with the exception of a solitary test card in 1999 ) , and as of 2006 , carried standard definition digital television , digital radio , and high-definition digital television , as well as Sky Interactive streams and the AVC Broadband and Silvermead satellite Internet services . Two beams `` 2A North '' and `` 2A South '' transmit on horizontal and vertical polarisation . The South beam covers almost all of Europe , with the North beam covering only Northern Europe at a high power .
In March 2015 , two years beyond Astra 2A 's projected lifespan , and following the launches of Astra 2E in 2013 , Astra 2F in 2012 , and Astra 2G in 2014 to 28.2° East , all remaining traffic was transferred from Astra 2A to the newer satellites . From 25 March 2015 , Astra 2A remained at 28.2° East , inactive , and was expected to be moved to Astra 23.5°E to operate as a backup satellite to Astra 3B but in the summer of 2016 it was instead moved to 113.5°E . In July 2018 , Astra 2A started moving west at approximately 0.6°/day to arrive at its new position of 100° East in August 2018 . In May 2020 , Astra 2A started moving west at approx 0.8°/day . and in the autumn 2020 , it was back at 28.2°E . The satellite was moved to 57.2°E in 2022
See also
Astra 2E
Astra 2F
Astra 2G
Astra 2B
Astra 2C
Astra 2D
Astra 28.2°E main lifetime orbital position
References
External links
SES fleet information and map
Official SES site
Astra satellites
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Satellites using the BSS-601 bus
Spacecraft launched in 1998
1998 in Luxembourg
Satellites of Luxembourg
Pomasia punctaria is a moth in the family Geometridae . It is found in India .
References
Moths described in 1912
Eupitheciini
Jan Rasmussen is a Danish coxswain . They won a gold medal at the 1984 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Coxswains ( rowing )
Living people
The 2019–20 UEFA Champions League quarter-final match between Barcelona and Bayern Munich was played on 14 August 2020 at the Estádio da Luz in Lisbon , Portugal . Bayern , who later went on to become champions , won the match 8–2 , making it the first time Barcelona had conceded eight goals in a game since 1946 , when they lost 8–1 to Sevilla in the 1946 Copa del Generalísimo .
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe , the match was played behind closed doors .
Background
In the 1998–99 UEFA Champions League group stage , Bayern defeated Barça in both matches , 1–0 at home and 2–1 away en route to Bayern topping Group D while Barcelona finished third and failed to reach the knockout stage .
Bayern and Barça had met in four knockout ties since 2008–09 UEFA Champions League , which yielded 26 goals prior to this game . Each time the eventual winner of the Bayern-Barca knockout tie went on not only to win the UEFA Champions League , but also complete the continental treble , which also occurred in 2009 , 2013 and 2015 .
Barcelona won 5–1 on aggregate in the quarter-finals of 2008–09 edition . Barça 's 4–0 win at Camp Nou in the first leg , with all goals scored in the first half , led Bayern Munich president Franz Beckenbauer to remark `` What I saw in the first half is , without doubt , the worst football in Bayern 's history '' . Barça manager Pep Guardiola was sent off in the first leg for protesting a yellow card given to Lionel Messi , and had to watch the second leg from the stands . This defeat , as well as 0–1 home loss in a Bundesliga match against Schalke 04 , eventually led to the sacking of Bayern manager Jürgen Klinsmann .
The semi-finals of the 2012–13 competition saw Arjen Robben and Thomas Müller inspire Bayern to a 7–0 aggregate victory , to become the biggest win of the semi-finals on aggregate , including a 3–0 win at the Camp Nou which was Barcelona 's last home defeat in European competition until a 3–0 loss on 8 December 2020 to Juventus .
The 2014–15 UEFA Champions League semi-finals saw Lionel Messi and Neymar as the key players in a 5–3 aggregate win over Bayern , a 3–0 win at the Camp Nou and then a 3–2 defeat at the Allianz Arena . Bavaria 's manager at the time was Pep Guardiola , who had previously managed Barça from 2008 to 2012 .
Road to the quarter-final meeting
Both teams qualified for the knockout phase as winners of their respective groups . Both teams had also changed their coaches during the season , Bayern replaced Niko Kovač with Hansi Flick in November 2019 , while Barcelona replaced Ernesto Valverde with Quique Setién in January 2020 . Barcelona had faced Borussia Dortmund , Inter Milan and Slavia Prague ; while Bayern , who faced Tottenham Hotspur , Olympiacos and Red Star Belgrade , won all six of their group matches , including an emphatic 7–2 win at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium , scoring 24 goals and conceding just five . Barcelona faced Napoli in the round of 16 and won 4–2 on aggregate ; while Bayern Munich beat Chelsea 7–1 on aggregate , with the second leg matches of both teams played behind closed doors due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic .
Match
Summary
The match was played on 14 August 2020 at the Estádio da Luz in Lisbon , Portugal , as part of a single-elimination tournament , following UEFA 's decision to complete the 2019–20 UEFA Champions League and 2019–20 UEFA Europa League seasons , which had been halted since March due to the COVID-19 pandemic , at neutral venues . In the opening 10 minutes , Thomas Müller fired Bayern Munich ahead following a one-two with Robert Lewandowski . Shortly after , David Alaba sliced a cross from Jordi Alba into their own net – with an unsuccessful save attempt from Manuel Neuer – to level the scores . Barcelona themselves missed two opportunities : Luis Suárez was denied by Neuer and Lionel Messi hit the post with a curling cross-shot . The following minutes took the match away from Barcelona , as Ivan Perišić smashed in a deflected shot in the 21st minute for Bayern , fed by a pass from Serge Gnabry , after a passing error from Sergi Roberto . Gnabry themselves scored with a half volley straight shot from a chip through-ball by Leon Goretzka in the 27th minute , and Müller quickly added the fourth four minutes later from a cross by Joshua Kimmich .
In the 57th minute , a neat turn and finish from the centre of the box to the bottom-right corner by Suárez gave the Spanish side a glimmer of hope , but that proved premature , as Kimmich 's side-footed finish in the 63rd minute , connecting with a delivery from Alphonso Davies – who had beaten their marker , Nélson Semedo , at the edge of the box – made the scoreline 5–2 to the Germans . Bayern scored three goals in the closing 10 minutes of the match as in-form striker Lewandowski , who had been quiet for most of the second half , headed their 14th goal of the campaign from a close-range cross by Philippe Coutinho in the 82nd minute . Then Coutinho , who was on loan to Bayern from Barcelona , made the scoreline 8–2 in the final moments of the match : first by taking advantage of a pass from Müller in the 85th minute with a right-footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom-left corner , followed by a left-footed shot from very close range to the bottom-left corner from a headed pass by substitute Lucas Hernandez in the 89th minute .
Details
Statistics
Aftermath
Barcelona suffered their heaviest loss in 69 years ; this was the first time they had conceded more than five goals in a UEFA Champions League game , and their worst concession since the 8–1 defeat to Sevilla in the round of 16 of the 1946 Copa del Generalísimo . Bayern Munich , on the other hand , continued their run of winning all UEFA Champions League matches they played in the season , and would go on to lift the title . The eight goals Bayern scored was the most a side had scored in a European Cup knockout match since Real Madrid defeated FC Swarovski Tirol 9–1 in the last 16 tie in 1990 .
Bayern striker Robert Lewandowski became the first player to score in eight or more consecutive UEFA Champions League matches since Cristiano Ronaldo in April 2018 ( eleven games ) , while Bayern 's coach Hansi Flick became only the third manager in Champions League history to win their first six matches in charge , after Fabio Capello in 1992–93 and Luis Fernández in 1994–95 . The match was also compared to the 2014 FIFA World Cup semi-final match between Brazil and Germany as Thomas Müller opened the scoring in the 7–1 routing of Brazil , which Jérôme Boateng and Manuel Neuer also took part in . Flick had been the assistant coach of Germany in that match as well .
Barcelona defender Gerard Piqué stated that the club needed structural changes on all levels , while club president Josep Maria Bartomeu described it as a `` disaster '' . Three days after the game , Barcelona sacked manager Quique Setién . They were followed the next day by the club 's sporting director Eric Abidal . Setién was replaced on 19 August by Ronald Koeman , who had played for the club from 1989 to 1995 and was their assistant manager under Louis van Gaal from 1998 to 2000 .
Partly owing to this heavy defeat , Barcelona captain Lionel Messi demanded to leave Barcelona , explained their decision owed to the club 's failing to compete for the Champions League title after three previous debacles in the competition ( 0–3 against Juventus in 2016–17 quarter-finals , 0–3 against Roma in 2017–18 quarter-finals , and 0–4 against Liverpool in 2018–19 semi-finals ) , by saying : `` I looked further afield and I want to compete at the highest level , win titles , compete in the Champions League . You can win or lose in it , because it is very difficult , but you have to compete . At least compete for it and let us not fall apart in Rome , Liverpool and Lisbon . All that led me to think about that decision that I wanted to carry out . '' Although Messi ended up staying in the summer , the defeat proved to be the final involvement that Ivan Rakitić , Nélson Semedo , Luis Suárez and Arturo Vidal would have with the club , as all four players departed Barcelona during the following transfer window .
Bayern Munich went on to win their sixth title in the competition , overtaking Barcelona 's total , following a 3–0 win over Lyon in the semi-finals and a 1–0 victory against Paris Saint-Germain in the final . This win would also secure the club 's second continental treble , becoming only the second European side – after Barcelona themselves – to achieve this feat on multiple occasions .
Both teams would meet each other again one year later , as part of the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League group stage , which saw Bayern Munich emerge victorious again with a 3–0 score in both matches , the second of which ultimately sent Barcelona to the UEFA Europa League for the first time in seventeen years , which further aggravated the perception of a crisis occurring within the team . Marca pointed that Barcelona 's relegation to the Europa League was the culmination of `` a glorious cycle that was coming to an end , '' after the team had suffered a total of ten losses by at least a three-goal margin since 2017 , calling the 2–8 defeat to Bayern `` the worst . ''
See also
FC Barcelona in international football
FC Bayern Munich in international football
Notes
References
2019–20 in German football
2019–20 in Portuguese football
2019–20 in Spanish football
2019–20 UEFA Champions League
2020s in Lisbon
Association football events postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Association football matches in Portugal
August 2020 sports events in Portugal
Bayern Munich 2020
Barcelona 2020
International club association football competitions hosted by Portugal
Sports competitions in Lisbon
Group D of UEFA Euro 2000 began on 11 June and ended on 21 June 2000 . The joint-hosts of the tournament , the Netherlands , won the group ahead of 1998 world champions France . Czech Republic and Denmark were eliminated .
By the time of the final round of matches , both Czech Republic and Denmark had already been eliminated from the tournament , having each lost their opening two matches .
Teams
Notes
Standings
In the quarter-finals ,
The winner of Group D , Netherlands , advanced to play the runner-up of Group C , FR Yugoslavia .
The runner-up of Group D , France , advanced to play the winner of Group C , Spain .
Matches
France vs Denmark
Netherlands vs Czech Republic
Czech Republic vs France
Denmark vs Netherlands
Denmark vs Czech Republic
France vs Netherlands
References
External links
UEFA Euro 2000 Group D
Group D
Group
Group
Group
Czech Republic at UEFA Euro 2000
