Moustafa Ahmed Ismail Abdou Ali Arfah ( born 10 June 1953 ) is an Egyptian footballer who played as a forward . They competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
1953 births
Living people
Footballers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Egyptian footballers
Association football forwards
Olympic footballers of Egypt
1976 African Cup of Nations players
1986 African Cup of Nations players
Africa Cup of Nations-winning players
Sportspeople from Cairo
Legacy : The Absolute Best is a two-disc compilation album by American rock band the Doors . Released in 2003 , it includes the uncensored versions of both `` Break On Through ( To the Other Side ) '' and `` The End '' . Also included is a previously unreleased studio version of Morrison 's epic poetry piece `` Celebration of the Lizard , '' a rehearsal outtake from the band 's Waiting for the Sun sessions .
Critical reception
Legacy : The Absolute Best has received perfect ratings in scales from both The New Rolling Stone Album Guide , and AllMusic . The latter 's critic , Stephen Thomas Erlewine , notes in their review :
Track listing
All tracks are written by the Doors ( John Densmore , Robby Krieger , Ray Manzarek , Jim Morrison ) , except where noted . Details are taken from the 2003 U.S. Elektra/Rhino CD with discographical annotation by Gary Peterson , except running times , which are taken from the AllMusic review . Other releases may show different information .
Disc one
`` Break On Through ( To the Other Side ) '' – 2:29
`` Back Door Man '' ( Willie Dixon , Chester Burnett ) – 3:34
`` Light My Fire '' – 7:08
`` Twentieth Century Fox '' – 2:23
`` The Crystal Ship '' – 2:34
`` Alabama Song ( Whisky Bar ) '' ( Bertolt Brecht , Kurt Weill ) – 3:19
`` Soul Kitchen '' – 3:35
`` The End '' – 11:46
`` Love Me Two Times '' – 3:16
`` People Are Strange '' – 2:12
`` When the Music 's Over '' – 11:02
`` My Eyes Have Seen You '' – 2:29
`` Moonlight Drive '' – 3:04
`` Strange Days '' – 3:09
`` Hello , I Love You '' – 2:16
`` The Unknown Soldier '' – 3:25
`` Spanish Caravan '' – 3:01
`` Five to One '' – 4:27
`` Not to Touch the Earth '' – 3:54
Original releases
Tracks 1-8 from The Doors ( 1967 )
Tracks 9-14 from Strange Days ( 1967 )
Tracks 15-19 from Waiting for the Sun ( 1968 )
Disc two
`` Touch Me '' ( Krieger ) – 3:12
`` Wild Child '' ( Morrison ) – 2:38
`` Tell All the People '' ( Krieger ) – 3:21
`` Wishful Sinful '' ( Krieger ) – 2:58
`` Roadhouse Blues '' ( Morrison , the Doors ) – 4:04
`` Waiting for the Sun '' ( Morrison ) – 4:00
`` You Make Me Real '' ( Morrison ) – 2:53
`` Peace Frog '' ( Krieger , Morrison ) – 2:58
`` Love Them Madly '' – 3:18
`` L.A. Woman '' – 7:51
`` Riders on the Storm '' – 7:10
`` The WASP ( Texas Radio and the Big Beat ) '' – 4:15
`` The Changeling '' – 4:21
`` Gloria '' ( Van Morrison ) – 6:18
`` Celebration of the Lizard '' ( Morrison ) – 17:01
Original releases
Tracks 1-4 from The Soft Parade ( 1969 )
Tracks 5-8 from Morrison Hotel ( 1970 )
Tracks 9-13 from L.A. Woman ( 1971 )
Track 14 from Alive , They Cried ( 1983 )
Track 15 previously unreleased ( 2003 )
Personnel
Per liner notes :
The Doors
Jim Morrisonvocals
Ray Manzarekkeyboards
Robby Kriegerguitar
John Densmoredrums
Technical
Bruce Botnickremastering , engineering
Jac Holzmanproduction supervisor
Certifications
References
The Doors compilation albums
2003 greatest hits albums
Elektra Records compilation albums
Rhino Records compilation albums
Sir Robert Paul Cohan ( 26 March 1925 – 13 January 2021 ) was a British dancer , choreographer , and the founding artistic director of The Place , London Contemporary Dance School , and London Contemporary Dance Theatre ( LCDT ) , which they directed for 20 years . Cohan also worked with the Yorke Dance Project and the Batsheva Dance Company in Israel .
Life and career
Robert Cohan was born in New York City to a Jewish family . Their family said that while they were born late on 26 March 1925 , their birth certificate listed them as being born on 27 March , and they celebrated their birthday across both days .
Cohan served in the US Navy in World War II , and while on leave they saw a performance of Robert Helpmann 's Miracle in the Gorbals by Sadler 's Wells Ballet in London in 1944 .
Cohan joined Martha Graham 's company ( the Martha Graham Dance Company ) in 1946 , becoming one of their regular partners on stage and later a teacher in their dance school . They left in 1957 but came back in 1962 , rising to co-director in 1966 . They left in 1969 to launch the London Contemporary Dance Group , based at the Adeline Genée Theatre in East Grinstead , having already launched The Place in London in 1967 .
In 1989 Cohan retired , though they did work intermittently . Cohan lived in France .
They were knighted in the 2019 Birthday Honours for services to dance .
Cohan died in London on 13 January 2021 , at age 95 .
Publications
The Dance Workshop , Gaia Books Ltd , 1989 ,
References
Further reading
External links
1925 births
2021 deaths
American Jews
American choreographers
American emigrants to England
American emigrants to France
American male ballet dancers
Artists from Brooklyn
British choreographers
British emigrants to France
British male ballet dancers
British people of American-Jewish descent
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Dancers from New York ( state )
Knights Bachelor
Laurence Olivier Award winners
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
Kingdom of Heaven may refer to :
Religious
Kingdom of Heaven ( Gospel of Matthew )
Kingship and kingdom of God , or simply Kingdom of God , the phrase used in the other gospels
Kingdom of Heaven ( Daviesite ) , a schismatic sect , founded by William W. Davies , in the Latter Day Saint movement located near Walla Walla , Washington from 1867 to 1881
Songs
`` Kingdom of Heaven '' , a song appearing on the 1966 album The Psychedelic Sounds of the 13th Floor Elevators by the 13th Floor Elevators
`` Kingdom of Heaven '' , a song by the band Epica , appearing on their 2009 album Design Your Universe
Other uses
Kingdom of Heaven ( film ) , a 2005 film , directed by Ridley Scott
Kingdom of Heaven ( soundtrack ) , a soundtrack album from the film
See also
The Heavenly King ( disambiguation )
Republic of Heaven , opposing concept developed by Philip Pullman in the Dark Materials series of novels
Holy Rus , the religious and philosophical concept close to the idea of Kingdom of Heaven , prevalent in Russia and central Eurasia
Taiping Heavenly Kingdom
Embassy of Heaven
Encarnación is a barrio in the municipality of Peñuelas , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 1,378 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Encarnación and Coto barrios was 1,271 .
Tallaboa
Tallaboa is a community in Encarnación and in 2010 had a total population of 925 inhabitants living in a land area of .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Peñuelas , Puerto Rico
The 2011 WCHA Men 's Ice Hockey Tournament will be played between March 11 and March 19 , 2011 at six conference arenas and the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul , Minnesota . The winner will receive the Broadmoor Trophy as the tournament 's champions , and will be awarded the Western Collegiate Hockey Association 's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Division I Men 's Ice Hockey Tournament .
Format
The first round of the postseason tournament features a best-of-three game format . All twelve conference teams participate in the tournament . Teams are seeded No . 1 through No . 12 according to their final conference standing , with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with an identical number of points accumulated . The top six seeded teams each earn home ice and host one of the lower seeded teams .
The winners of the first round series advance to the Xcel Energy Center for the WCHA Final Five , the collective name for the quarterfinal , semifinal , and championship rounds . The Final Five uses a single-elimination format . Teams are re-seeded No . 1 through No . 6 according to the final regular season conference standings , with the top two teams automatically advancing to the semifinals .
Conference standings
Note : GP = Games played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; PTS = Points ; GF = Goals For ; GA = Goals Against
Bracket
Teams are reseeded after the first round
Note : * denotes overtime periods
First round
( 1 ) North Dakota vs. ( 12 ) Michigan Tech
( 2 ) Denver vs. ( 11 ) Minnesota State
( 3 ) Nebraska-Omaha vs. ( 10 ) Bemidji State
( 4 ) Minnesota-Duluth vs. ( 9 ) St . Cloud State
Note : Game 2 was the 3rd longest game in WCHA History and 12th longest in NCAA history , although not the longest match between these two schools . SCSU defeated UMD in Triple Overtime in Game 3 of their WCHA 1st Round series in 2007 , that went 11:13 into triple overtime . This is the 1st time 2 schools have played 2 triple-overtime games vs one another .
( 5 ) Minnesota vs. ( 8 ) Alaska-Anchorage
( 6 ) Colorado College vs. ( 7 ) Wisconsin
Quarterfinals
( 4 ) Minnesota-Duluth vs. ( 10 ) Bemidji State
( 6 ) Colorado College vs. ( 8 ) Alaska-Anchorage
Semifinals
( 2 ) Denver vs. ( 10 ) Bemidji State
( 1 ) North Dakota vs. ( 6 ) Colorado College
Championship
( 1 ) North Dakota vs. ( 2 ) Denver
Tournament awards
All-Tournament Team
F Matt Frattin * ( North Dakota )
F Anthony Maiani ( Denver )
F Jaden Schwartz ( Colorado College )
D Matt Donovan ( Denver )
D Chay Genoway ( North Dakota )
G Sam Brittain ( Denver )
* Most Valuable Player ( s )
References
External links
Western Collegiate Hockey Association
Wcha Men 's Ice Hockey Tournament
WCHA Men 's Ice Hockey Tournament
Geeta Rani ( born 16 September 1981 ) is an Indian Weightlifter . They won the gold medal in the Women 's +75 kg category at the 2006 Commonwealth Games . They won three silver medals in the Asian Championship in 2004 and a bronze medal
in the 2003 Afro-Asian Games held in Hyderabad . In 2010 Commonwealth Games , they ranked 4th in the Women 's +75 kg category .
Awards and honors
In 2006 , they received the Arjuna Award .
References
External links
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Weightlifters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Indian female weightlifters
1981 births
Living people
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Weightlifters at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Weightlifters at the 2010 Asian Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in weightlifting
21st-century Indian women
20th-century Indian women
Asian Games competitors for India
Space communication may refer to :
Communication between spacecraft
Spacecom , an Israeli company
My Bloody Underground is the tenth studio album by American psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre , released on April 15 , 2008 on A Records , a label set up by the band 's leader , Anton Newcombe .
Background
My Bloody Underground was recorded at first in Liverpool , England in August of 2007 ; however Newcombe found that the album was n't working out the way he 'd hoped , and so , then decided to record the rest in Reykjavík , Iceland in October 2007 .
The title of the album was originally believed to be a homage to the bands My Bloody Valentine , The Velvet Underground , and The Jesus and Mary Chain , being a combination of first two names ( similar to the name of the band being a portmanteau of Rolling Stones member Brian Jones and the Jonestown Massacre ) and a play on track name `` My Little Underground '' by The Jesus and Mary Chain . However , in an interview , Anton mentioned that the word `` bloody '' is used in place of the word `` fucking '' .
Rough mixes of many of the songs from the sessions were first made available on the band 's MySpace page , and then as a pre-release download from the official website on September 3 , 2007 .
Musical style
My Bloody Underground contains more experimental sounds than previous BJM albums , especially with a collaboration with Mark Gardener , formerly of Ride , who co-wrote the song 'Monkey Powder ' . The album is a more avant-garde approach to producing and recording . The space rock/neo-psychedelia sound of the album can be attributed to Newcombe 's large intake of psychedelic drugs and adopting a `` no talking in the studio '' policy while recording .
Music videos
The music videos of the songs on the album have also been released on YouTube and as a music video compilation DVD entitled Book of Days .
Track listing
References
External links
2008 albums
The Brian Jonestown Massacre albums
RationalPlan is a project management software suite for planning , managing , and tracking projects .
The suite is developed by Stand By Soft , a Romanian developer that specializes in desktop applications , developed the software . RationalPlan runs on multiple platforms including Mac OS X , Windows , and Linux .
History
RationalPlan was released in 2007 for Linux and Windows . The suite was released for Mac OS X in 2008 . In July 2012 , Stand By Soft released RationalPlan 4.0 , a major version upgrade . RationalPlan 4.1 was released in October 2012 . RationalPlan earned third place in software solutions at Capterra 's Project Management Election in 2012 .
Product
RationalPlan consists of a project guide with three main parts ; labeled Project , Planning , and Controlling , each consisting of several subcategories . The project section covers basic information and scheduling , the planning section defines resources and materials , and the controlling section allows users to update and track tasks . The RationalPlan suite includes RationalPlan Single , RationalPlan Multi , RationalPlan Viewer , and RationalPlan Server . Combined , the RationalPlan suite provides management help for single projects , multiple projects , project viewing , and a centralized space for multiple users to access and manage projects . RationalPlan collaborates with IBM , Sony , and Cisco to establish rules to assist users in business management .
RationalPlan has licenses proprietor software that is fee-based for Mac and Windows installations but has free use licences for Linux installations .
References
External links
Official Website
Companies established in 1997
Project management software
Carenum viridicolor is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1895 .
References
viridicolor
Beetles described in 1895
Casella is the most populous frazione ( hamlet ) of the municipality of Asolo , Italy with a population of 4,500 . The hamlet covers an area of 6 km2 , sitting 97–108 m above sea level . Casella lies 1.5 km from downtown Asolo .
See also
Asolo
Pagnano
References
Cities and towns in Veneto
Frazioni of the Province of Treviso
Lim Siew Khim is a Malaysian politician from DAP . They have been the Member of Penang State Legislative Assembly for Sungai Pinang since 2013 .
Politics
They are the Women Chief of DAP and PH Penang .
Election result
External links
References
Malaysian politicians
Democratic Action Party ( Malaysia ) politicians
Members of the Penang State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Malaysian politicians of Chinese descent
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Konrad Carl ( born 20 January 1930 ) is a German former trade union leader .
Born in Fürth , Carl completed an apprenticeship as a carpenter , and joined both the Social Democratic Party and the Building and Construction Union ( IG BSE ) . With the encouragement of the union , they studied at the Dortmund Social Academy , and then became the union 's full-time managing director for the Regensburg district .
In 1961 , Carl was elected as chair of the union 's Bavarian region , and in 1968 they were elected to the union 's national executive taking the lead on human resources and legal matters . The following year , they became vice president of the union , working under Rudolf Sperner .
In 1982 , Carl was elected as president of IG BSE , winning 319 out of 354 delegate votes . As leader of the union , they were regarded as a moderate figure , but a strong negotiator . Under their leadership , the union achieved a national standardisation of construction workers ' wages , and the implementation of an early retirement scheme . They also introduced the first ecological initiatives , and oversaw the integration of the East German Building , Construction and Wood Union into IG BSE .
Carl was involved in founding the European Federation of Building and Woodworkers in 1974 . In 1985 , they were elected as president of the International Federation of Building and woodworkers , the first German to hold the role . They retired from their domestic union posts in 1991 , and as international president in 1993 .
References
1930 births
Living people
German trade union leaders
People from Fürth
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Didești is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of three villages : Didești , Însurăței and Satu Nou .
Famous residents include Gala Galaction ( 1879–1961 ) , writer and theologian .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
is a sports venue in Niigata , Japan , and was the home of the Albirex Niigata football team until they moved to the Big Swan in 2001 . The stadium is an athletics stadium which has hosted major Japanese athletic events , including the 1964 National Sports Festival . Albirex Niigata Ladies also use the stadium .
See also
Hakusan Park , the park in which the stadium is located
References
External links
Athletics ( track and field ) venues in Japan
Football venues in Japan
Buildings and structures in Niigata ( city )
Sports venues in Niigata Prefecture
Albirex Niigata
The 1987 Cornell Big Red football team was an American football team that represented Cornell University during the 1987 NCAA Division I-AA football season . Cornell tied for fourth in the Ivy League .
In its fifth season under head coach Maxie Baughan , the team compiled a 5–5 record and was outscored 197 to 154 . Lee Reherman , Gary Rinkus and Dave Quarles were the team captains .
Cornell 's 4–3 conference record tied for fourth in the Ivy League standings . The Big Red was outscored 138 to 128 by Ivy opponents .
Cornell played its home games at Schoellkopf Field in Ithaca , New York .
Schedule
References
Cornell
Cornell Big Red football seasons
Cornell Big Red football
David `` Chico '' Ryan ( born David-Allen Ryan ; April 9 , 1948 – July 26 , 1998 ) , also called Chico Bo-Wico , was an American bass guitarist and singer . They were a member of The Happenings and Sha Na Na .
Career
Ryan was born in Arlington , Massachusetts . They attended Boston University and graduated from Emerson College in 1969 . While in college , they performed with the Rockin ' Ramrods , a Boston-area group that once released an album under the name Puff and once toured with the Rolling Stones .
They were in the 1960s band The Happenings , which had hits with `` See You in September '' and `` I Got Rhythm '' .
Following their departure from that band , Ryan became better known when they joined the musical group Sha Na Na in 1973 , on bass and vocals . They appeared with the group on the television show Sha Na Na , which aired from 1977 to 1981 , and in the movie Grease , in 1978 . On the television show , Ryan often roller-skated and yo-yoed while singing .
Ryan went on to become a member of Bill Haley & Their Comets in 1979 , taking part in Haley 's final tour of Europe that fall ( including a command performance for Queen Elizabeth II in November ) . They died on July 26 , 1998 in Boston , Massachusetts , of heart failure .
Film appearances
1972 : Dynamite Chicken ( with Sha Na Na ) - as themselves
1978 : Grease ( with Sha Na Na ) - as Johnny Casino and the Gamblers
References
External links
Sha Na Na official site
1948 births
1998 deaths
American rock singers
Sha Na Na members
20th-century American singers
People from Arlington , Massachusetts
Boston University alumni
Emerson College alumni
Highway 2 is an Iraqi highway which extends from Baghdad to Silopi in Turkey . It passes through Baqubah , Al Khalis , Kirkuk , Irbil , Mosul , Dohuk and Zakhu .
Roads in Iraq
Mississippi Highway 345 ( MS 345 ) is a north–south state highway in Pontotoc County , Mississippi , connecting the city of Pontotoc with the town of Ecru .
Route description
MS 345 begins in the city of Pontotoc at an intersection with MS 9 ( North Main Street ) at the northern edge of downtown . It heads north , along North Main Street , through neighborhoods for to an intersection with U.S. Route 278 ( US 278 ) /MS 6 ( Pontotoc Parkway ) , where it leaves Pontotoc . The highway winds its way through a mix of farmland and wooded hills for the next several miles , where it crosses Cherry Creek ( one of two creeks forming the Little Tallahatchie River ) before passing through the community of Cherry Creek , where it makes a sharp left turn . MS 345 now enters the town of Ecru along Main Street and passes through neighborhoods , then straight through downtown before coming to an end at an intersection with MS 15 .
The entire length of Mississippi Highway 345 is a two-lane highway , lying entirely in Pontotoc County .
Major intersections
References
External links
345
Transportation in Pontotoc County , Mississippi
was a Japanese serial killer and thief .
Biography
Katsuta was born in a farmhouse in Kyoto .
Katsuta committed several murders and robbed several houses before being apprehended . The exact number of murders they committed is unknown . They killed their victims by strangling and shooting them .
On October 27 , 1982 , they hit a police officer with a car and stole a handgun . On October 31 , they attempted to commit a robbery , but killed a man with a handgun during the failed attempt . On November 1 , they shot another man , who survived . Because they were armed , Katsuta continued to elude capture . The incident was officially named Metropolitan Designated Case 113 .
On January 31 , 1983 , they were arrested while threatening a man with a handgun . They were initially thought to have only killed their victims while robbing them , but later confessed to seven other murders .
They may have killed as many as 22 people , but the police charged them with only eight counts of murder . The police suspected that Katsuta raped some of their victims before killing them , but were not able to prove this . Their crimes greatly shocked Japan because they were a firefighter . During Katsuta 's killing spree , they had even appeared on television and won multiple awards .
The 1984 film was based on their crimes . In the film , the murderer was named Kiyoshi Tatsuta . Kazuya Nakayama , who has a criminal record of their own , played the role of Tatsuta .
In prison , they were mistrustful of their fellow inmates . While incarcerated , they met a Christian woman , who was also known by the pen name Yūko Kurusu . They were adopted by their mother and changed their name to Kiyotaka Fujiwara . On January 17 , 1994 , the Supreme Court of Japan upheld their two death penalty convictions , a first in the history of the Japanese Supreme Court . One was for seven murders between 1972 and 1980 , and the other was for killing a man with a handgun in 1982 .
Katsuta was executed at the Nagoya Detention House on November 30 , 2000 .
After entering the execution chamber , Katsuta asked a prison guard `` Would you please take off my blindfold , as I wish to have a look once more at the face of my chaplain whom I revere ? ''
The prison officer removed Katsuta 's blindfold so they could look at their chaplain , a Buddhist priest . While the priest recited Hannya Shingyo , Katsuta , who had changed their surname to Fujiwara after being convicted , gave out one by one the names of all the people they had killed . They said , `` I 'm sincerely sorry . '' Katsuta 's blindfold was then put back on and they were taken to the gallows .
See also
List of executions in Japan
List of serial killers by country
Norio Nagayama - Metropolitan Designated Case 108
Glico Morinaga case - Metropolitan Designated Case 114
Sekihotai - Metropolitan Designated Case 116
Tsutomu Miyazaki - Metropolitan Designated Case 117
List of serial killers by number of victims
References
External links
Serial killer , two other murderers hanged Japan Times , December 1 , 2000
The world of Kiyotaka Katsuta and Yuko Kurusu
1948 births
2000 deaths
20th-century executions by Japan
Executed Japanese serial killers
Japanese people convicted of murder
Japanese thieves
Male serial killers
People convicted of murder by Japan
People executed by Japan by hanging
People from Kyoto Prefecture
Robbers
The Marquis St. Evrémonde is a fictional character in Charles Dickens ' 1859 novel A Tale of Two Cities .
Overview
The Marquis or Monseigneur St. Evrémonde appears ( in life ) for only three chapters in Book the Second , symbolizing the pitiless , arrogant , French aristocracy . About 60 years old , with a face like a mask , they are Charles Darnay 's uncle and twin brother of Charles Darnay 's father ( now deceased ) .
Marquis in Paris
While still handsome , fashionable , and exquisitely poised , the Marquis St. Evrémonde is out of favor at the royal court for reasons that are not specified . In `` Monseigneur in Town '' , the Marquis is greeted without warmth by `` Monseigneur '' ( a great lord and senior courtier ) at the latter 's Parisian reception . Snubbed , they wait until all Monseigneur 's sycophants and hangers-on file out , then murmurs a curse sending Monseigneur to the Devil . ( The curse is uttered in a mirrored salon , possibly suggesting that it rebounds on the speaker . ) The Marquis St. Evrémonde 's carriage heads for their country chateau through the streets of Paris , at the break-neck pace favored by the nobility . Although most pedestrians scatter in terror , their carriage runs over a little child ; being one of Gaspard 's . The Marquis shows no remorse at the sight of the crushed body — inquiring whether their horses are all right — and , `` with the air of a gentleman who had accidentally broken some common thing , and had paid for it '' , throws a gold coin to the distraught father . The Defarges appear—Ernest Defarge to comfort the grieving Gaspard ; Madame Defarge to stand erect , stare at the Marquis boldly in the face and knit their Fate . The remainder of the crowd watches in cowed silence but an unknown hand throws the coin back into the carriage . Before driving on , the Marquis responds with cold contempt that they would willingly ride over any of `` you dogs '' and exterminate them . This scene foreshadows the oncoming revolution in France .
Marquis at their estate
The Marquis St. Evrémonde appears in the two following chapters `` Monseigneur in the Country '' ( when they are told by a road worker that a dust-covered figure was hanging on to the bottom of their carriage ) and `` the `` Gorgon 's Head '' ( dining with their nephew , Charles Darnay ) . Dickens uses their account of the journey of the indifferent Marquis through the countryside surrounding their chateau to graphically describe the poverty and desperation of the peasantry .
During the dinner between uncle and nephew , Charles Darnay apologizes for being detained in London . They allude to their danger there ( his recent treason trial ) wondering aloud if their uncle did not in fact orchestrate the accusations brought against him . Charles further believes that if the Marquis were still in the French Court 's good graces , they would obtain a lettre de cachet and have their nephew imprisoned in France . Their uncle confesses that for the honor of the family , they would do exactly that .
The dinner conversation between uncle and nephew reveals their diametrically opposed view of the rural peasantry . St. Evrémonde the elder considers it an obligation of their family station to subjugate `` the vulgar '' ( `` Repression is the only lasting philosophy… '' ) . They regret that recent reforms have placed some restraints on the formerly absolute powers of their class to abuse their inferiors , recalling that at an earlier date a peasant had been poniarded in a neighbouring room for `` professing some insolent delicacy respecting their daughter '' . Charles Darnay , by contrast , hopes to honor their mother 's dying wish by ameliorating the wrongs the family has caused . When their uncle laughs at this , Charles renounces their rights to the Evrémonde title and lands , in favor of a new life in London . Their uncle , slyly , already knows that this `` new life '' includes an emigree doctor and their daughter .
They retire for the night .
Death of the Marquis and aftermath
At the conclusion of Chapter 9 , the Marquis is found stabbed to death in their bed . “ The Gorgon had surveyed the building again in the night , and had added the one stone face wanting ; the stone face for which it had waited through about two hundred years . '' ( Chapter 9 ) . All of their property is inherited by Darnay , who remains in London but instructs an agent to redress grievances , so far as it is possible in the growing confusion of the pending revolution .
A year later Gaspard , assassin of the Marquis and father of the child ridden down by their carriage , is captured and executed . Their body is left hanging above the village water fountain . Subsequently the Evrémonde chateau is burned to the ground at night by `` Jacques '' revolutionaries while the abused villagers watch in grim silence and the officers of a neighboring royal garrison stand helpless because they know that their soldiers will probably no longer obey their orders .
Only later in the novel , during the trial of Charles Darnay , is the secret of the Marquis and their brother exposed : Alexandre Manette 's diary from the Bastille details how in 1767 the Evrémonde brothers ( the younger initially helped by the elder ) had abducted and abused a pregnant peasant wife causing their death , fatally wounded their brother who tried to protect them and had brought about the deaths of both the girl 's husband and father as well . Manette tries to alert the authorities to the Evrémonde crimes but their letter is passed on to the aristocratic brothers . This was the reason they were imprisoned in the Bastille ; likewise this was the inspiration of a lifelong hatred of the Evrémondes by the last member of the wronged girl 's family - their sister Madame Defarge who married Manette 's servant Ernest Defarge .
Names
The Marquis St. Evrémonde is referred to as `` Monseigneur '' and `` Monsieur . '' These three different titles all refer to the same person : people who are below the Marquis in rank refer to them as `` Monseigneur '' or `` Monsieur , '' while people of equal rank refer to them as the `` Marquis . ''
The patronym `` Evrémonde '' , suggests an Anglo-French conglomerate , ( `` every '' plus `` tout le monde '' ) . Phonetically , it sounds like “ Everyman . ”
And , when the phrases `` evre '' and `` monde '' are separately translated from French into English , they mean fever and world , making the name `` Feverworld '' .
The note on the knife in the Marquis chest is signed `` Jacques '' ; a common nickname used by the aristocracy for the peasant was `` Jacques Goodman '' .
Cinematic and Theatrical Portrayals
In the 2008 Broadway musical adaptation of ' A Tale of Two Cities , ' the Marquis St. Evrémonde is played by Les Minski .
On film they have been played by such actors as Basil Rathbone ( 1935 ) and Christopher Lee ( 1958 ) . In 2003 , the Rathbone portrayal of St. Evrémonde was nominated for AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Heroes and Villains as one of the Top 50 Villains .
On television , they have been portrayed by Barry Morse ( 1980 ) , Max Adrian ( 1958 ) , Jerome Willis ( 1965 ) , Heron Carvic ( 1957 ) , Morris Perry ( 1980 ) and Jean-Marc Bory ( 1989 ) .
On radio they have been portrayed by John Moffatt and Clive Merrison .
References
Literary characters introduced in 1859
A Tale of Two Cities characters
Fictional marquesses and marchionesses
Fictional French people in literature
Fictional murderers
Fictional rapists
Male literary villains
Male characters in film
Male characters in literature
The Caudron C.99 was a French light bomber and reconnaissance aircraft . The only example flew with different engines in the mid-1920s .
Design and development
Though in 1924 Flight described the C.99 , which was on display at the 18th Paris Salon , as a fighter , both contemporary and modern French sources term it an observation and long range reconnaissance aircraft . It was a conventional single engine tractor biplane with two open cockpits in tandem . Its unequal span wings were rectangular in plan and were mounted without stagger , divided into two bays on each side by two pairs of parallel interplane struts . Cabane struts supported the upper wing over the fuselage .
The C.99 had a steel frame engine mounting in the nose , designed to accept a variety of engines . At the 1924 Salon it had a Hispano-Suiza 12H water cooled V-12 engine but it was also seen with water cooled Fiat engine and a Lorraine-Dietrich was another possibility . The forward seat was just behind the wing trailing edge and the second close behind . There was a triangular fin which carried a rudder with a straight and upright edge . This extended to the keel so the elevators , attached to a tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage , required a central cut-out for movement . The C.99 had a fixed undercarriage with its mainwheels on a single axle mounted on V-struts from each side of the fuselage .
As a bomber , the C.99 could carry twelve bombs . At the Salon it was fitted with four machine guns , one fixed and forward-firing for the pilot and two on a Scarff ring for the observer in the rear cockpit , who also had the fourth , rearward firing , gun in their floor .
Specifications ( Hispano engine )
References
C.099
1920s French military reconnaissance aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Biplanes
Aircraft first flown in 1924
Benton is a meteorite found near the village of Benton , New Brunswick following a fireball . Two masses were found but the meteorites were split up . The largest fragment is now in the Canadian National Meteorite Collection , Ottawa .
Classification
It is classified as LL6-ordinary chondrite .
The geological history of Benton has four stages : chondrule formation and accumulation , brecciation , thermal metamorphism and finally shock vein formation .
See also
Glossary of meteoritics
Meteorite fall
References
Meteorites found in Canada
1949 in New Brunswick
Jean-Baptiste de Caffarelli du Falga ( 1 April 1763 at château du Falga – 11 January 1815 ) was a French churchman from a noble family with origins in Ferrara who had come to France during the reign of Louis XIII in the train of the Papal Nuncio , Bishop Guido Bentivoglio .
Biography
One of their ancestors had collaborated in building the Canal Royal du Languedoc ( Canal du Midi ) under Riquet and had acquired the land of Falga that Jean-Baptiste came to inhabit in 1786 . The fourth of the six Caffarelli brothers ( who also had 4 sisters ) , they were ordained priest at 20 , as canon of the cathedral at Montpellier .
Upon the French Revolution , they fled to Spain , returning to France in 1798 to live at the house of their brother Louis-Marie-Joseph , préfet maritime of Brest . Consecrated concordataire-bishop of Saint Brieuc on 1 May 1802 , Saint Brioc day , they were bishop for 13 years , and in 1811 objected to Napoleon 's schismatic pretensions . They ordained the comte de Quelen as a priest , who later became archbishop of Paris and conferred the priesthood on Lacordaire .
They were a chevalier of the Légion d'Honneur and a baron d'Empire .
References
1763 births
1815 deaths
People from Haute-Garonne
French people of Italian descent
Bishops of Saint-Brieuc
Barons of the First French Empire
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Ultima , later known as Ultima I : The First Age of Darkness or simply Ultima I , is the first game in the Ultima series of role-playing video games created by Richard Garriott , originally released for the Apple II . It was first published in the United States by California Pacific Computer Company , which registered a copyright for the game on September 2 , 1980 and officially released it in June 1981 . Since its release , the game has been completely re-coded and ported to many different platforms . The 1986 re-code of Ultima is the most commonly known and available version of the game .
Ultima revolves around a quest to find and destroy the Gem of Immortality , which is being used by the evil wizard Mondain to enslave the lands of Sosaria . With the gem in their possession , they can not be killed , and their minions roam and terrorize the countryside . The player takes on the role of `` The Stranger '' , an individual summoned from another world to end the rule of Mondain . The game follows the endeavors of the stranger in this task , which involves progressing through many aspects of game play , including dungeon crawling and space travel .
The game was one of the first definitive commercial computer RPGs , and is considered an important and influential turning point for the development of the genre throughout years to come .
In addition to its influences on the RPG genre , it is also the first open-world computer game .
Gameplay
The world of Ultima is presented in a variety of different ways . The overworld is projected in a topdown , third-person view , while dungeons are displayed in first-person , one-point perspective . In both scenarios the player character is controlled with the keyboard directional arrows , and shortcut keys are used for other commands , such as A for attack and B for board .
Character creation at the start of Ultima is not unlike a simplified version of traditional tabletop role-playing games . The player is presented with a number of points to distribute between various statistics that will affect their competence in certain aspects of gameplay . For example , adding points to the Strength statistic will increase the amount of damage inflicted on a foe , while adding points to Charisma results in cheaper deals with merchants . Once this portion of character creation has been completed , the player is given a choice of four races : Human , Elf , Dwarf and Bobbit ( a hobbit-like creature ) . Depending on the race picked , points will be added to various statistics ( e.g . Elves receive points to their Agility statistic , while Dwarves receive Strength points ) . Once a race is chosen , the player is given a list of four classes to choose from , which distribute additional points to appropriate statistics . These classes are fighter , cleric , wizard and thief . The player is also asked to choose a gender for their player character , though this has no stat difference , and the simple sprite character looks the same .
Four other statistics used during gameplay are hit points , food , experience points and coin ( gold in the original release ) . Hit points determine the health of the character ; the fewer HP the character has , the closer they are to death . Hit points can be obtained in a variety of ways , including the acts of emerging alive from a dungeon and of giving tribute payment to one of the eight lords of Sosaria . Food is consumed every two tiles that the character moves , except in castles and towns , and if the food supply drops to zero , the character will die . Food can be bought in towns to prevent this situation occurring . Experience points are received by successfully doing battle with monsters . They determine when the character levels up ; one thousand points are needed to progress to each new level . A vital item near the end of the game can not be obtained until the player has reached the eighth level . Coin is used to buy things in the game world , such as weapons , spells , and food , and can be obtained by defeating monsters or rescuing princesses from castles .
Magic spells are bought from shops and are used as consumable items , each spell purchase having one use only . Combat is against randomly appearing enemies ; it consists of each party attacking the other until one has fled or been defeated . In the original release of the game , enemies in the outdoor areas do not move around in any way but simply appear at the player 's current location and immediately initiate attack ; enemies in the dungeons are also random , but can move and follow the player . Buying better weapons and armor improves the character 's chances of succeeding in battle .
The game also sports an arcade-like first-person space shooter section of gameplay , an element that only appeared in Ultima and not the subsequent games in the series . The combat was reminiscent of Doug Neubauers Star Raiders , released a couple of years earlier for the Atari 8bit , that both programmers enjoyed playing . The player participates in a real-time space combat environment , confronted with enemy spaceships that they must shoot down in order to progress further along the story . Richard Garriott says they added this just because they wanted to fill up every space there was on the disk , and do everything they possibly could .
Plot
Setting
Ultima is set in the fictional world of Sosaria , a land broken into four different continents . The land is ruled by a total of eight different lords , two for each of the world 's four land masses . The four continents contain two castles each , where quests can be obtained by the player . There are two types of quests given out in the castles—one entails visiting a certain location on the main map , the other killing a specific type of monster in the dungeons . Fulfilling the former type of quest gives stat boosts ; the latter gains the player an important item needed to reach the endgame .
There are also a variety of towns where different goods and services can be purchased . The world has dungeons to be explored , and is populated by forests , mountain ranges , lakes and oceans . All towns are exactly alike in the original release of the game , as are all dungeons ( their maps are different , but are not designed but rather randomly created ) ; castles differ only in the different quests that may be assigned . In the 1986 remake , more variety was added to the appearance and content of the towns and castles . Sosaria is inhabited by numerous monsters and beasts that attack the player character on sight . There are also ruins and places of interest on each continent ( usually in somewhat hard-to-reach places such as small islands ) that the player can enter in order to receive rewards , usually in the form of a weapon or statistic boost , or in order to solve quests .
Characters
The two main characters featured in Ultima I are Mondain , the evil wizard antagonist who has induced a reign of terror over the world of Sosaria , and the protagonist , a character of the player 's choosing .
The game features Lord British from Richard Garriott 's first game , Akalabeth , and the introduction of characters Iolo and Shamino . These three characters become staples of nearly all future Ultima games ( see List of Ultima characters ) .
Story
The story of Ultima I revolves around the evil wizard Mondain and their rule over the kingdom of Sosaria . According to the game 's backstory , Mondain created an evil gem over 1000 years ago that granted them immortality . Since then , Mondain has released monsters and beasts upon the land that ravage the villages and towns of Sosaria and cause most of the nobles to bicker amongst themselves . In an effort to stop Mondain 's dominion , Lord British searches for a person to bring about the wizard 's end . This call is answered by the player .
The player is informed that the only way to defeat Mondain is to travel back in time and kill them before the gem of immortality is created . The majority of the game is spent searching for a time machine , and a way to activate it . Four of the lords in the game , one from each realm , hold a gem that will allow the time machine to work once all four gems have been found . In exchange for the gem , the lord will ask the player to complete a quest that involves traveling into a dungeon and killing a specific creature . Once this has been achieved , the lord will hand over theirs gem .
The time machine itself also needs to be found . Purchasing a space shuttle and traveling into outer space is a prerequisite of this —the player must become a space ace , by destroying 20 enemy ships , in order to complete the game . Once this task has been completed , rescuing a princess will reveal the location of the time machine , which always appears to the north of the castle in which the princess was held prisoner . The main character will then travel back in time and face Mondain before they have completed the gem of immortality . Destroying the gem is a requirement for beating the game as well as killing the wizard himself . Once Mondain is dead , the player is transported one thousand years into the future and rewarded by Lord British .
Development and release
Richard Garriott started development on Ultima after the unexpected success of their previous game , Akalabeth . Large sections of Akalabeth were used as subroutines within Ultima in order to create the first-person dungeon sections of the game . Towns , quests , a plot and a user interface were all added to the original Akalabeth code before Ultima was completed . Star Wars elements were also added , including spaceships and lightsabers .
Development of Ultima was done during Garriott 's first-year student year at the University of Texas with the help of a friend , Ken W. Arnold ; they finished it in less than a year . Ultima was coded in Applesoft BASIC on an Apple II computer , and Arnold wrote code in assembly language for the tile-based graphics system , the first game in the genre to do so .
Unlike Akalabeth , the commercial sale of which was an afterthought to a hobbyist endeavor , Ultima was approached with a much more professional attitude right from the start of the project . The game was first planned to be called Ultimatum , but it was discovered that the name was already in use by a board game company , and so it was shortened to Ultima . Garriott later commented on the title , `` When I wrote the first game , of course I had no idea there would ever be a second . '' The California Pacific Computer Company published Ultima in 1981 for the Apple II only . By June 1982 it sold 20,000 copies , and went on to sell 50,000 copies . By 1990 , the game earned $ 300,000 .
Sierra Online re-released Ultima for the Atari 8-bit computers . In 1986 Origin Systems completely re-coded the game in Assembly and re-released it .
Because the 1986 remake was re-coded entirely in Assembly , it had significantly improved running speed and was able to handle superior graphics . Some small cosmetic changes to the content were also made , such as the addition of another castle map variant and three new city maps , the introduction of traveling monsters in the outdoors section , and the division of the money the player has into separate `` copper '' , `` silver '' and `` gold '' coins . It was first released for the Apple II on December 23 , 1986 as Ultima I : The First Age of Darkness . Ports for the Commodore 64 and DOS/EGA were also released . Later releases included the 1989 version for the MSX2 , published only in Japan by Pony Canyon , and an Apple IIGS specific port in late 1994 by Vitesse . In 1997 , the DOS/EGA version of Ultima was released by Electronic Arts as part of the Ultima Collection .
Reception
Softline stated in 1981 that `` Ultima seems to be the best '' available Apple II role-playing game . The magazine called the graphics `` impressive '' and concluded that it `` retails for $ 39.95 and is well worth the price '' . Deirdre L. Maloy reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World , and stated that `` Ultima is one of the best computer fantasy roleplaying games to date . ''
Computer Gaming World in 1991 and 1993 called the game `` truly epic in scope '' , stating that it was among the first to have outdoor settings and NPC conversations . While noting the `` unbalanced combat system '' , the magazine concluded that Ultima I was `` a classic not to be missed '' .
References
External links
Ultima I at the Ultima Archive
Ultima I ( 1981 ) at MobyGames
Ultima I ( 1986 ) at MobyGames
Images of Ultima I box , manual and maps at C64Sets.com
Ultima I at the Codex of Ultima Wisdom
Ultima I – The First Age of Darkness on C64 Wiki
1981 video games
1986 video games
Apple II games
Apple IIGS games
Atari 8-bit family games
California Pacific Computer Company games
Commodore 64 games
DOS games
Fantasy video games
FM Towns games
Games commercially released with DOSBox
MSX2 games
NEC PC-8801 games
NEC PC-9801 games
Sharp X1 games
Origin Systems games
Open-world video games
Role-playing video games
Single-player video games
Assembly language software
Space combat simulators
Video games about time travel
Ultima ( series )
Video games developed in the United States
Video games featuring protagonists of selectable gender
Video games with tile-based graphics
Universidad del Azuay ( UDA ) is an Ecuadorian university located in the Province of Azuay , its campus are in the city of Cuenca and in the parish of Baños .
The university was founded in 1968 as part of the Universidad Católica de Santiago de Guayaquil in the city of Cuenca under the name of the `` Institute of Philosophy and Educational Sciences '' . It was authorized by the Holy See on May , 1969 .
The Institute began its activities in the 1968–1969 academic year , the founding professors were Francisco Olmedo Llorente , Claudio Malo González , Carlos Pérez Agustí , Rafael Galiana , José Castelví Queralt and Nelson Yánez Ortega . The first cohort had around sixty students , but not all of them graduated .
The priest Agustín López Canessa became the first director of the institute , they were delegated by the Archbishop of Cuenca .
In December 1970 , the School of Accounting was founded and the institute was renamed as Universidad Católica Santiago de Guayaquil in Cuenca . Claudio Malo González was named as Academic Director .
Later , the two academic departments of the Universidad Católica de Santiago de Guayaquil in Cuenca ( the Institute of Philosophy and Educational Sciences and the School of Accounting ) requested their annexation to the Pontificia Universidad Católica del Ecuador , which took place on November , 1976 , which led the academic units to become the Faculty of Philosophy , Letters and Education Sciences and the Faculty of Accounting and Administration Sciences , respectively .
In 1990 , after meeting all the legal requirements , it was renamed as Universidad del Azuay , being its current name . Nowadays , the university has incorporated six Faculties and more than 20 careers .
Faculties and Schools
Faculty of Administration Sciences
Business Administration
Accounting and Auditing
Economics
Engineering in Computer Science
Marketing
Faculty of Legal Sciences
Law
International Studies
Faculty of Science and Technology
Biology
Civil Engineering
Production Engineering
Electronic Engineering
Food Engineering
Engineering in Automotive Mechanics
Mining Engineering
Environmental Engineering
Faculty of Design , Architecture and Art
Architecture
Theatre
Interior Design
Product Design
Graphic Design
Textile Design
Faculty of Philosophy , Letters and Education Sciences
Communication
Basic Education
Initial Education
Clinical Psychology
Educational Psychology
Organizational Psychology
Tourism
Faculty of Medicine
Medicine
Since 2012 , the university is member of the Ecuadorian Network for Research and Postgraduate Studies .
Rectors of Universidad del Azuay
See also
List of universities in Ecuador
Universidad de Cuenca
Education in Ecuador
References
Universities in Ecuador
Cuenca , Ecuador
1968 establishments in South America
Whitworth Hall which stands in Whitworth Hall Country Park , near Spennymoor , County Durham England , is a country house , formerly the home of the Shafto family and now a hotel . It is a listed building .
Descendants of the Shafto family of Shafto Crag , Northumberland , served as Aldermen , Mayors and Sheriffs of Newcastle upon Tyne in the 16th and 17th centuries . In 1652 Mark Shafto , Recorder of Newcastle , purchased the manor of Whitworth . Their son Robert , knighted in 1670 was Recorder from 1660 and their grandson was High Sheriff of Durham in 1709 .
Two sons of Mark Shafto junior represented Durham City in Parliament : Robert Shafto 1712/3 and 1727/30 and John Shafto 1729-42 . John was the father of Robert Shafto , better known as Bobby Shaftoe , who vastly increased the family fortune by their marriage in 1774 to Anne Duncombe of Duncombe Park . Their son Robert Eden Duncombe Shafto , ( also Member of Parliament for Durham City and later High Sheriff in 1842 ) , who married Catherine Eden , daughter of Sir John Eden Bt of Windlestone Hall , replaced the old manor house with a new mansion in 1845 . The house was substantially destroyed by fire and all that now remains of the 1845 rebuild is the detached library wing . The present two-storey seven-bayed house dates from the rebuild of about 1900 .
Branches of the Shafto family had seats at Bavington Hall , Beamish Hall and Windlestone Hall .
Whitworth Hall Hotel & Deer Park is now privately owned and operated as a hotel and wedding venue .
References
A Genealogical and Heraldic Dictionary of the Commoners of Great Britain and Ireland Burke and Burke Vol 1 1835 p47 . Google Books . Shafto of Whitworth .
Grade II listed buildings in County Durham
Country houses in County Durham
History of County Durham
Spennymoor
Loveridge 's sunbird ( Cinnyris loveridgei ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae .
It is endemic to Tanzania .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the American herpetologist Arthur Loveridge .
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet .
Loveridge 's sunbird
Endemic birds of Tanzania
Loveridge 's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Formula Lites series was a single-seater formula racing class launched for 2015 . The series is sanctioned by SCCA Pro Racing .
History
The High Performance Group and Crawford Composites announced the creation of the Formula Lites Series in 2014 . Dane Cameron debuted the car at Virginia International Raceway during the 2014 Ultimate Track Car Challenge .
The first race of the Formula Lites Series was run at the Thompson Speedway Road Course . Driver Nick Neri won the inaugural event .
The series saw only six entries at every race during its initial season . The 2016 schedule was announced but no 2016 races have occurred , putting the series on indefinite hiatus .
Car
The drivers all use the same type of car . Crawford Composites designed and constructed the Crawford FL15 . The Crawford FL15 has a carbon fiber monocoque chassis built according to FIA F3 technical regulations . The car is powered by a 2.4 L Honda power plant . The 2.4 L Honda K24 engine will be built by Honda Performance Development . The racing class was announced with the unveiling of the car at the North American Motorsports Expo .
Champions
See also
Formula Three
United States Formula Three Championship
F3 Americas Championship
References
External links
Official website
Auto racing series in the United States
One-make series
Formula Three series
Formula racing series
2015 establishments in the United States
2016 disestablishments in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 2015
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2016
The Salvager is a British reality television show produced by Attaboy Productions and aired on Discovery Real Time . The show ran for two series featuring Rico Daniels a passionate recycler and salvager scouring scrapyards , council tips and charity shops finding scrap metal and wood and transforming them into useful and unusual items . The second series re-titled Le Salvager relies on the same premise but sees Daniels relocate to the Vosges of eastern France . The show is often repeated on Quest and Discovery Shed in the United Kingdom .
The Host
Daniels was born in Basildon , Essex in 1952 . They left school at the age of 15 to become a civil servant but quickly realised it was n't for them and became an art student . This also displeased Daniels and they eventually became a market trader .
Screen Test
In 2002 Daniels was invited for a screen test about men and their sheds . Although they were not quite right for the show , the producer liked their unique style and commissioned a series showing their talent for transforming trash into treasures .
Possible Third Series
In November 2012 Daniels announced on Twitter that they had sent two pitches for a third series of the salvager to Attaboy Productions the production company that made the first two .
Series 1 - The Salvager
Series 2 - Le Salvager
References
2004 British television series debuts
2005 British television series endings
2000s British reality television series
Ruth Clark ( 1917 – February 20 , 1997 ) was an American pollster and researcher . Them 1979 report The Changing Needs of Changing Readers was influential on the renewal of American newspapers , leading to a greater focus on service journalism and local news .
Biography
Ruth Clark was born Ruth Fine in 1917 in New York City . They graduated from Hunter College in 1936 . A Communist in their youth , they moved to Moscow in 1950 with their husband Joseph Clark , foreign editor for the Daily Worker ; they became disillusioned with the Soviet regime and returned to the United States in 1953 .
Clark worked as a door-to-door interviewer for marketing campaigns during the 1950s . In 1960 they were hired by Louis Harris ' firm , working for John F. Kennedy campaign . Clark was credited to introducing exit polls in American election surveys . They became vice-president of Louis Harris and Associates in the 1960s , moving to Yankelovich , Skelly & White around 1970 .
The Changing Needs of Changing Readers survey
In 1979 , the American Society of Newspaper Editors , concerned about the declining readership of newspapers , commissioned a study for analysing that situation . Clark , vice-president at Yankelovich , Skelly & White , conducted a survey with 120 readers in a dozen focal groups ; the readers said they felt alienated by the newspapers ' focus on hard national , political news , they wanted more palatable local news stories and everyday tips . Clark 's findings were published in the report The Changing Needs of Changing Readers . The report influenced newspapers in the United States and around the world ; its findings translated into innovations in news coverage , like the increased focus on local stories , `` news you can use '' and the modular layout of pages , which were adopted by several outlets , especially USA Today .
In 1983 , Clark left Yankelovich , Skelly and White to found their own firm , Clark , Martire & Bartolomeo . They conducted surveys for newspapers such as The New York Times , The New York Daily News and The Chicago Tribune .
Clark died on February 20 , 1997 of lung cancer .
Personal life
Ruth Clark was married to Joseph Clark ( d. 1988 ) . They had two children : radical activist Judith Clark ( born 1949 ) , and Andrew .
References
1917 births
1997 deaths
Hunter College alumni
Pollsters
Scientists from New York City
Women statisticians
John Russell Gubbins ( 16 December 1838 – 20 March 1906 ) was an Irish racehorse owner and breeder .
Life
Gubbins was born in 1838 at the family home , Kilfrush in County Limerick , the fourth son of Joseph Gubbins and their wife Maria , daughter of Thomas Wise of Cork .
Of three surviving brothers and five sisters , the third brother , Stamer , was a captain in the Crimean war , and afterwards bred horses at Knockany , where they died in 1879 aged forty-six , owing to the fall upon them of a horse which they had been `` schooling '' over fences .
John Gubbins was privately educated ; they inherited the Knockany property from their brother Stamer , and purchased the estate of Bruree , County Limerick . A fortune was also left them by an uncle , Francis Wise of Cork . Settling at Bruree in 1868 , they spent about £40,000 in building kennels and stables , and buying horses and hounds . They hunted the Limerick country with both stag and fox hounds , and was an angler , until forced to stop by the operations of the Land League in 1882 .
Horseracing career
From youth they took a keen interest in horseracing . At first their attention was mainly confined to steeplechasers , and they rode many winners at Punchestown and elsewhere in Ireland . They were the owner of Seaman when that horse won the grand hurdle race at Auteuil , but had sold them to Lord Manners before they won the 1882 Grand National at Liverpool .
Buying the stallions Kendal and St Florian , they bred , from the mare Morganette , Galtee More by the former and Ard Patrick by the latter . Galtee More won the 2000 Guineas Stakes and the St Leger Stakes as well as the Epsom Derby in 1897 , and was afterwards sold to the Russian government for £21,000 , who later passed them on to the Prussian government for £14,000 . The latter government also bought Ard Patrick for £21,000 a day or two before they won the Eclipse Stakes of £10,000 in 1903 , when they defeated Sceptre and Rook Sand after an exceptionally exciting contest . Other notable horses bred by Gubbins were Blairfinde ( winner of the Irish Derby ) and Revenue . In 1897 they headed the list of winning owners with a total of £22,739 , and was third in the list in 1903 .
Gubbins was afterwards rarely seen on a racecourse owing to failing health , and in 1903 they sold their horses in training . In 1905 , however , their health having apparently improved , they sent some yearlings to Cranborne , Dorset , to be trained by Sir Charles Nugent , but before these horses could run they died at Bruree on 20 March 1906 . They were buried in the private burial ground at Kilfrush .
They were High Sheriff of County Limerick in 1886 , as well as a justice of the peace and deputy lieutenant . Their biographer in Dictionary of National Biography ( 1912 ) wrote : `` A warm-hearted , genial personality , they were a kind and indulgent landlord and employer , and a sportsman of the best type . ''
Family
They married in 1889 Edith , daughter of Charles Legh of Adlington Hall , Cheshire ; they predeceased them without issue . Their estates passed to their nephew , John Norris Browning , a retired naval surgeon .
References
Attribution
1838 births
1906 deaths
Irish racehorse owners and breeders
Sportspeople from County Limerick
Ralph Hylton Pemberton ( 17 July 1864 – 11 January 1931 ) was an English first-class cricketer .
The son of Richard Laurence Pemberton , they were born in July 1864 at Sunderland . They were educated at Eton College , before going up to New College , Oxford . While studying at Oxford , they played first-class cricket for Oxford University in 1885 , making three appearances . They scored 65 runs in their three appearances , with a high score of 40 . They were later employed as a bursar by Eton College . Pemberton died in January 1931 at Lurgashall , Sussex .
References
External links
1864 births
1931 deaths
People from Sunderland
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of New College , Oxford
English cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Jagannath Pahadia ( 15 January 1932 – 19 May 2021 ) was an Indian politician and a leader of the Indian National Congress party . They were the Governor of Haryana , and Governor of Bihar and former Chief Minister of Rajasthan , their home state . They died on 19 May 2021 from COVID-19 .
Early life and education
They were born in Bhusawar city of the present-day Bharatpur district of Rajasthan state in a Dalit Khatik family on 15 January 1932 to Nathilal Pahadia and Chanda Devi . They held M.A. , LL.B. , M.S.J . College , Bharatpur , Maharaja College , Jaipur and Law College Rajasthan University . They were an Ambedkarite .
Career
They were Chief Minister of Rajasthan state from 6 June 1980 to 14 July 1981 and was the first Dalit from Rajasthan to hold this position .
Pahadia served Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from 1998 till 2008 and 1980 to 1990 .
They represented Sawai Madhopur ( Lok Sabha constituency ) in the 2nd Lok Sabha and Bayana constituency in Rajasthan in the 4th , 5th and 7th Lok Sabha . Their wife Shanti Pahadia was also a member of Lok Sabha . They were governor of Bihar from 3 March 1989 to 2 February 1990 . Later , they served and was appointed the governor of Haryana from 27 July 2009 to 26 July 2014 .
References
External links
Jagannath Pahadia appointed governor of Haryana
Former Chief Ministers of Rajasthan ( photo gallery )
By ashok Bharty Raj.Patrika
Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website
1932 births
2021 deaths
Chief Ministers of Rajasthan
Indian National Congress politicians from Rajasthan
Rajasthani people
Governors of Haryana
India MPs 1957–1962
India MPs 1967–1970
India MPs 1971–1977
India MPs 1980–1984
Lok Sabha members from Rajasthan
Chief ministers from Indian National Congress
Kurukshetra University
Rajya Sabha members from Rajasthan
Governors of Bihar
Ambedkarites
Dalit politicians
People from Bharatpur district
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in India
Kessleria nivescens is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae . It is found in Italy , Slovenia and Austria .
The length of the forewings is 8-9.6 mm for males and 6.9–8 mm for females . The forewings are white with light brown to grey sprinkling . The hindwings are light grey . Adults are on wing from mid July to the beginning of September .
The larvae feed on Saxifraga caesia and Saxifraga tombeaensis . They have a dark greenish brown body and black head .
References
Moths described in 1980
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
Everett Leon Murray ( born January 10 , 1977 ) is a former American football quarterback of the Arena Football League , and is a college football coach . Murray attended Tennessee State University . In 2001 Murray was the backup quarterback on the Berlin Thunder team that won World Bowl IX . Murray is currently the quarterbacks coach at Morehouse College in Atlanta , Georgia .
1977 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Tennessee State Tigers football players
Berlin Thunder players
Edmonton Elks players
Georgia Force players
Nashville Kats players
New York Dragons players
Philadelphia Soul players
Players of American football from Cincinnati
Orlando Rage players
The Arizona Peace Trail is a off-highway vehicle trail loop system in Mohave , La Paz , and Yuma counties in western Arizona . It is supported by the Arizona Peace Trail Committee , which was formed in 2014 , and as of early 2016 , fourteen OHV clubs .
The trail system would link Bullhead City in the north and Yuma in the south with two different paths that will utilize existing dirt roads and trails . Points of interest in the trail 's route include petroglyph sites and ghost towns .
The first signage for the Arizona Peace Trail was planned to be installed near Bouse on January 6 , 2016 . In November 2016 , the Arizona State Parks board approved a $ 200,000 grant to fund the development of a comprehensive master plan for the trail . It is one of the longest signed and mapped OHV trail systems in the United States .
References
External links
Official Website
Quartzsite Tourism page
Geography of La Paz County , Arizona
Geography of Mohave County , Arizona
Geography of Yuma County , Arizona
The Ten Commandments Monument is an outdoor monument installed on the Arkansas State Capitol grounds in Little Rock , Arkansas , in the United States . The monument is being challenged as unconstitutional by the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) . The ACLU says that the monument demonstrates a religious preference , violating the First Amendment and the religious preference prohibition clause of the Arkansas State Constitution .
Initial installation
The monument was erected on the Arkansas State Capitol grounds on 27 June 2017 , then destroyed within 24 hours of its installation . The Freedom From Religion Foundation , which had criticized the erection of the Arkansas monument on public government property , also criticized the illegal destruction of the monument . In a news release , FFRF stated : `` FFRF does not condone violating the Constitution by erecting a Ten Commandments monument on the Arkansas Capitol grounds . Nor do we condone breaking the law to remove such a display . ''
Replacement and legal challenges
Following private fundraising from State Senator and Christian minister Jason Rapert , the monument was replaced on April 26 , 2018 . In protest against the monument , The Satanic Temple offered to donate a bronze sculpture of Baphomet as a symbol of religious pluralism and freedom . The statue of goat-headed Baphomet was blocked because of a 2017 Arkansas law that requires legislative sponsorship for consideration of any monument . According to the Satanic Temple , the state legislature 's rejecting one monument while allowing the other demonstrates an illegal religious preference . The Satanic Temple briefly exhibited their statue at the Capitol on August 16 , 2018 . State senator Rapert told THV 11 news that they `` respects everyone 's right to free speech under the First Amendment . '' But , they continued , `` It will be a very cold day in hell before an offensive statue will be forced upon us to be permanently erected on the grounds of the Arkansas State Capitol '' . After the request to install the Baphomet statue was refused , in violation of the Equal Protection Clause , Satanic Temple members were granted legal standing to challenge the Ten Commandments monument .
The monument is being challenged as unconstitutional by the American Civil Liberties Union . The ACLU says that the monument demonstrates a religious preference , violating the First Amendment and the religious preference prohibition clause of the Arkansas State Constitution . The Freedom from Religion Foundation , the American Humanist Association , and the Arkansas Society of Freethinkers are also involved in litigation to challenge the monument .
See also
Ten Commandments Monument ( Austin , Texas )
Ten Commandments Monument ( Oklahoma City )
McCreary County v. American Civil Liberties Union ( 2005 )
Van Orden v. Perry ( 2005 )
References
External links
2017 establishments in Arkansas
Monuments and memorials in Little Rock , Arkansas
Outdoor sculptures in Arkansas
Ten Commandments
Vandalized works of art in Arkansas
Ray E. Heady ( February 17 , 1916 – May 7 , 2002 ) was an American clergyman .
They devoted their adult life to the ministry as a pastor of several churches in the North Texas area except for two years while pastoring in Bowling Green , Kentucky . They were the founding pastor of White Settlement Assembly of God and ministered at Broadview Assembly of God in Fort Worth , Texas for 28 years until they retired .
Heady wrote the lyrics for over 100 gospel songs through the years . Their songs have been recorded by such artists as The Blackwood Brothers , The Oak Ridge Boys , Red Foley and Gov . Jimmie Davis . These songs included In the Shelter of Their Arms , At an Altar of Prayer , A Very Special Grace and many others .
References
1916 births
2002 deaths
American Assemblies of God pastors
Songwriters from Texas
20th-century American musicians
20th-century American clergy
Miyaji is a Japanese surname that may refer to
Atsuko Miyaji , Japanese cryptographer and number theorist
Katsuhiko Miyaji ( born 1971 ) , Japanese baseball outfielder
Kazuaki Miyaji ( born 1940 ) , Japanese politician
Mao Miyaji ( born 1984 ) , Japanese actor
Masayuki Miyaji ( born 1976 ) , Japanese anime director and supervisor
Takeshi Miyaji ( 1965–2011 ) , Japanese video game developer
Toshio Miyaji , Japanese football player
Yoshihisa Miyaji ( born 1973 ) , Japanese weightlifter
Yōsuke Miyaji ( born 1987 ) , Japanese football player
Japanese-language surnames
Talebi ( , also Romanized as Ţālebī ) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District , Sarvelayat District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 674 , in 178 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Rai Sport is an Italian sports TV channel , launched in 1999 by the state-owned RAI television network . It broadcast Italian and international sports events in Italy on DTT channel 146 on Rai Mux B . It is also available on Sky Italia .
On 18 May 2010 a sister channel , Rai Sport 2 was launched . However the channel closed on 5 February 2017 . Rai Sport + HD launched on 14 September 2015 , reviving the Rai Sport + brand that was used from 2009 to 2010 .
Logos and identities
Programming
The channel broadcasts three editions of the Tg Sport : the first at 9 am every day , with press review to touchscreen , the second to 2.30 pm from Monday to Saturday , the last at 11.30 pm from Monday to Friday .
A few programmes includes :
Lega Basket Serie A ( LBA )
Campionato Nazionale Primavera
FIFA Futsal World Cup
FIFA U-17 World Cup
I-league
A Lyga
Italy national under-21
Lega Pro Prima Divisione
Lega Pro Seconda Divisione
Serie D
I-League
Coppa Italia Lega Pro
Coppa Italia Serie D
Coppa Italia Dilettanti
Diretta Azzurra
90° Minuto Champions
Magazine Champions
Magazine Europa
Magazine Europa Conference
Sabato Sprint
A tutta Coppa
Lega Pro
References
External links
Official website
Rai Sport Biss Code
Sport 1
Television channels and stations established in 1999
Sports television in Italy
Italian-language television stations
1999 establishments in Italy
There were three cycling events at the 2003 Pan American Games : road cycling , track cycling and mountain bike . The competition started on 2003-08-10 with the Mountain Bike competition ( men and women ) , and ended on 2003-08-17 with the Men 's Road Race .
Road Cycling
Men 's Events
Women 's Events
Track Cycling
Men 's Events
Women 's Events
Mountain Bike
Medals table
References
Results
2003
Events at the 2003 Pan American Games
2003 in road cycling
2003 in track cycling
2003 in mountain biking
2003 in cycle racing
International cycle races hosted by the Dominican Republic
Manhandled is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Gloria Swanson . The film was produced by Famous Players-Lasky at their East Coast Astoria Studios facility and distributed by Paramount Pictures . The supporting cast includes Frank Morgan . A young woman goes out partying when their hard-working boyfriend neglects them
Prints exist of this Swanson feature .
Plot
The shop girl Tessie McGuire is invited by their boss to a fun party . There they act like a Russian duchess . The owner of an expensive department store hires them to attract customers . As they find their way in the New York 's higher milieu , they alienate most of their friends .
Cast
References
External links
Manhandled at silentera.com
Manhandled lobby poster
Lobby poster
Stills at silenthollywood.com
Manhandled at Odysee
1924 films
1924 romantic drama films
American black-and-white films
American romantic drama films
Famous Players-Lasky films
American silent feature films
Films based on short fiction
Films directed by Allan Dwan
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York City
Surviving American silent films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Shelovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 37 as of 2002 .
Geography
Shelovskaya is located 46 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Vanevskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The 1968 Brent Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Brent London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council .
Background
Since the last election in 1964 the boundaries and number of wards were adjusted , increasing the total number of wards from 26 to 31 .
Six new wards were created - Fryent , Roe Green , Sudbury Court , Town Hall , Wembley Central and Wembley Park ; six ( Alperton , Barham , Kenton , Kingsbury , Sudbury & Tokyngton ) saw their representation reduced from 3 to 2 councillors and one ward ( Preston ) had its representation reduced from 3 to 1 councillors . Eight other wards had minor boundary changes - Gladstone , Harlesden , Kensal Rise , Kilburn , Manor , Mapesbury , Queensbury & Queens Park .
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Apollonia ( ) was a city in ancient Lycia . Its ruins are located near Kiliçli ( Sıçak ) , a small village in the Kaş district of Antalya Province , Turkey .
History
The city is n't mentioned by any ancient author . The pillar tombs in the necropolis to the north of the city attest to a Lycian origin of the settlement and date to about 500 BC .
In Roman times the city was part of a local federation , a sympoliteia , with Simena , Isinda and Aperlae . Aperlae was the leader of the sympolity , which was represented in the Lycian League with one vote .
The ruins of a Byzantine church possibly date to the 6th or 7th century AD , so the city was still occupied at that time .
Layout
The city is located on a hill and has a walled acropolis at its highest elevation . In the east the acropolis seems to be double because a much older stockade is located inside the Byzantine walls . Two churches , a theater , baths with cisterns and a heroon are found on the western and northwestern side of the acropolis . Houses were built on the southwestern side . Six pillar tombs and one larger monument are found around the acropolis .
References
External links
The Princeton Encyclopedia of Classical Sites
Ancient Greek archaeological sites in Turkey
Archaeological sites in Antalya Province
Former populated places in Turkey
Populated places in ancient Lycia
Roman sites in Turkey
Jorge Adelbio Soto Pereira ( born 8 August 1986 , in Salto , Uruguay ) is a road bicycle racer and track cyclist , who is affiliated with the Centro Recreativo Porongos Fútbol Club of Trinidad .
They have won several stages of both Rutas de América as Vuelta Ciclista del Uruguay . In 2005 , they received a grant for a month in Switzerland in the World Cycling Centre of the UCI to improve their performance , which ultimately became more than a year .
Soto represented Uruguay at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men 's road race .
Honours
Rutas de América ( 2 ) : 2011 , 2012
2011 Vuelta Ciclista del Uruguay : 3rd
2005 Manchester World Cup ( Scratch ) : 8th
References
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Salto , Uruguay
Uruguayan track cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Uruguay
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Uruguayan male cyclists
Alois Georg Josef Rainer ( born 7 January 1965 ) is a German butcher and politician of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2013 .
Political career
Born in Straubing , Rainer first became a member of the Bundestag in the 2013 German federal election . In parliament , they served on the Budget Committee and the Audit Committee from 2013 to 2019 ; in this capacity , they were their parliamentary group 's rapporteur on the annual budget of the Federal Ministry of Family Affairs , Senior Citizens , Women and Youth . From 2019 to 2021 they were a member of the Committee on Transport and Digital Infrastructure , where they are their parliamentary group 's spokesperson .
Since the 2021 elections , Rainer has been serving as chair of the Finance Committee .
Personal life
Rainer is the younger brother of fellow politician Gerda Hasselfeldt .
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1965 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
People from Straubing
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Picaresqueties is a five-track EP released by the band The Decemberists as a companion disc to the double-vinyl edition of their LP Picaresque . It contains previously unreleased material from the Picaresque recording sessions .
Besides being packaged with Picaresque on vinyl , Picaresqueties can also be purchased from the iTunes Store , eMusic , and Amazon MP3 .
Track listing
All songs written by Colin Meloy , except where noted .
2006 EPs
Walking Papers is the debut album by the American rock band Walking Papers , released on August 6 , 2013 . USA Today called the album `` powerful yet nuanced , a kind of rock confident enough in itself that it rarely needs force to make its point . '' Consequence of Sound was less charitable , saying `` It 's a record that largely eschews typical hard rock fare , opting instead for a blues rock that slinks and wafts as much as it crunches and blusters . ''
Track listing
All songs written by Jeff Angell and Barrett Martin , except as noted .
Personnel
Walking Papers
Jeff Angell – lead vocals , guitar , piano
Duff McKagan – bass , backing vocals
Benjamin Anderson – keyboards , backing vocals
Barrett Martin – drums , percussion , upright bass , keyboards , backing vocals
Additional musicians
Mike McCready – Guitar solo on tracks 2 and 8
Dave Carter – Trumpet on tracks 4 and 10
Dan Spalding – Baritone sax on tracks 4 and 8
Ed Ulman – Trombone on track 4
References
2013 albums
Walking Papers ( band ) albums
Mathiasin is a French surname . Notable people with the surname include
Jeanny Marc-Mathiasin ( born 1950 ) , French politician
Max Mathiasin ( born 1956 ) , French politician
Surnames of French origin
Gilbert Ironside the elder ( 1588–1671 ) was Bishop of Bristol .
Life
They were elder son of Ralph Ironside , rector of Long Bredy and of Winterbourne Abbas and was born at Hawkesbury , near Sodbury , Gloucestershire , on 25 November 1588 . The second son , Ralph Ironside ( 1590–1683 ) became rector of Long Bredy in succession to their father , who died in 1629 , and was also Archdeacon of Dorset .
Gilbert Ironside matriculated at Trinity College , Oxford , 22 June 1604 , and became scholar of their college 28 May 1605 , B.A . 1608 , M.A . 1612 , B.D . 1619 , and D.D . 1620 , and Fellow of Trinity 1613 . In 1618 they were presented to the rectory of Winterbourne Steepleton , Dorset , by Sir Robert Miller . In 1629 they succeeded their father in the benefice of Winterbourne Abbas . They were also rector of Yeovilton in Somerset . Anthony à Wood says that they kept their preferments during the protectorate , but this is doubtful .
Either by marriage or other means they amassed a large fortune before the Restoration . On 13 October 1660 they were appointed to a prebendal stall in York Minster , but resigned the post next year . In 1660/1 they were made Bishop of Bristol — they were elected to the See on 30 November ( or 1 December ) 1660 , confirmed 24 December , and consecrated a bishop on 13 January 1661 . As a man of wealth they were considered fitted to maintain the dignity of the episcopate with the reduced revenues of the see .
At Bristol , Ironside showed forbearance to nonconforming ministers . Edmund Calamy gives particulars of a long conference between them and John Westley , grandfather of John Wesley . Ironside died on 19 September 1671 , and was buried in their cathedral without any memorial , near the steps of the bishop 's throne .
Works
They were the author of Seven Questions of the Sabbath briefly disputed , Oxford , 1637
Family
They married ( 1 ) Elizabeth , daughter of Edward Frenchman of East Compton , Dorsetshire , and ( 2 ) Alice , daughter of William Glisson of Marnhull , Dorsetshire . By their first wife they were father of four sons , of whom Gilbert Ironside the younger was the third .
Notes
References
1588 births
1671 deaths
Bishops of Bristol
16th-century Anglican theologians
17th-century Anglican theologians
17th-century Anglican bishops
16th-century Anglican bishops
Windsor Square is a small , historic neighborhood in the Wilshire region of Los Angeles , California . It is highly diverse in ethnic makeup , with an older population than the city as a whole . It is the site of the official residence of the mayor of the city and is served by a vest-pocket public park .
History
Between 1900 and 1910 a financier named George A.J . Howard envisioned a beautiful tranquil park as a setting for family homes built in a countryside style in what was then an undeveloped and rural area about halfway between the city center ( now Downtown LA ) and the coast . Howard pushed the early city fathers to get their development plan approved , and in 1911 , Mr. Robert A. Rowan was able to initiate a residential development called Windsor Square .
The development was constituted as a private square . At that time there were dense groves of bamboo in the area that needed to be destroyed before trees and gardens could be cultivated . Intervening walls or fences were discouraged so that one garden ran into another , creating a park-like setting . Windsor Square was the first area in the city to have the power lines below grade—an extraordinary innovation for 1911 .
To make sure that the homes were significantly upscale , deed restrictions contractually obligated a buyer to spend at least $ 12,000 on building a home to ensure that only the highest-quality residences were erected . A variety of houses were constructed , including Tudor revival , Italian Renaissance revival and Dutch Colonial revival . Many outstanding architects designed homes for the area , including Paul Williams , John M. Cooper , and A. C. Martin . As a result , many of the city 's elite moved west to Windsor Square , including developer Howard and Norman Chandler , who took up lifelong residence with their wife Buffy on Lorraine Boulevard .
Though the homes that fronted Wilshire Boulevard have been demolished to make way for commercial buildings , an active neighborhood association has succeeded in preserving the character of Windsor Square .
In 1958 , the J. Paul Getty Company bought a house on Irving Boulevard in Windsor Square . The Getty Oil Company was headquartered near the house at the intersection of Wilshire Boulevard and Western Avenue and intended to construct a new corporate headquarters on the site . Residents blocked the move , plans were abandoned , and the property now serves as the Los Angeles 's official mayor 's residence .
Geography
According to the Windsor Square Association , Windsor Square is a neighborhood of 1,100 homes between Beverly Boulevard to the north , Wilshire Boulevard to the south , Arden Boulevard to the west , and Van Ness Avenue to the east . The Los Angeles Times Mapping L.A. project extends Windsor Square 's eastern boundary slightly , to Wilton Place .
Population
In 2008 , the neighborhood had an estimated population of 6,197 . According to the 2000 census , Windsor Square was highly diverse , with the percentage of Asian people being high for the county . The racial breakdown was 41.6 % Asian , 37.7 % white , 14.8 % Latino , 4.3 % black , and 1.6 % other . About a third ( 33.5 % ) of the residents were born outside the United States , considered a high ratio for Los Angeles , the most common country being South Korea at 57.7 % .
The median household income was average for both the city and the county , while the percentage of households earning more than $ 125,000 was high for the county . The median age was 38 , considered old in both the city and the county , the percentages of residents aged 35 to 64 being among the county 's highest . The percentages of both widowed men and widowed women were among the county 's highest , but the percentage of families headed by single parents was notably small . The percentage of veterans who served during the Vietnam War was among the county 's highest .
Education
Windsor Park residents are highly educated . According to the 2000 census , 46.1 % of the residents had a four-year degree , high compared to the city or the county as a whole . There are no schools within the boundaries of Windsor Park .
Recreation
Robert L. Burns Park , on the southwest corner of North Van Ness Avenue and Beverly Boulevard , is an unstaffed pocket park . Beginning in 1980 , resident Barbara McRae , who was tired of noise , litter , drugs and prostitution around the park , began writing letters to city officials , and the next year they presented petitions with 2,248 signatures supporting the idea of private security patrols for the city facility . The city responded by building a 12-foot masonry wall and a chain-link fence between the park and neighboring homes . By 1989 , though , criminal activity had spread throughout the surrounding neighborhood , and the Windsor Square Property Owners Association requested that the park is closed at sunset and that it be fenced , gated and locked . On December 3 , 1990 , an $ 85,000 tubular steel perimeter fence was officially installed and put into use .
Notable residents
Mayors who have lived in Windsor Square :
Other notable Windsor Square residents :
References
External links
Map of Windsor Square
Windsor Square Association
Hancock Park – Windsor Square Historical Society
Windsor Square History
Neighborhoods in Los Angeles
Los Angeles Historic Preservation Overlay Zones
Mid-Wilshire , Los Angeles
Central Los Angeles
1911 establishments in California
Populated places established in 1911
Horinouchi may refer to :
Horinouchi , Niigata , a former town in Kitauonuma District , Niigata Prefecture , Japan
Horinouchi Station , a railway station in Yokosuka , Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan
People with the surname
, Japanese diplomat
See also
Horiuchi , a Japanese surname
Japanese-language surnames
John Bard may refer to :
John Bard ( physician ) ( 1716–1799 ) , American physician
John Bard ( philanthropist ) ( 1819–1899 ) , their great-grandson , founder of Bard College
Lancer France Mendoza Serrano ( born May 22 , 1990 in Mandaluyong , Philippines ) , better known as Lance Serrano , is a Filipino actor , commercial model and gym instructor , Serrano has several TV shows on GMA Network .
Career
Serrano is a part of ABS-CBN before they appeared on its rival network GMA . Serrano was a contract at Star Magic ( 2009 ) then transferred to GMA Artist Center in 2013 . He 's known for their role as Steve in Galema : Anak ni Zuma . He 's a gym instructor and commercial model , appearing in Emperador Light , Judge and Jollibee commercials . They were also part of Demigod for hunk modeling . Their first guesting at a talk show was in The Ryzza Mae Show appearing alongside the best child host for 2013 Ryzza Mae Dizon . They were also included in the Telefantasya series , Encantadia , wherein they played the Adamyan Memfes .
Television
TV Commercials
Emperador Light
Judge ( Chewing Gum )
Jollibee
Uratex Monoblock
References
1990 births
Living people
People from Mandaluyong
Male actors from Metro Manila
Filipino male television actors
Filipino male models
GMA Network personalities
Arab Kheyl ( , also Romanized as ‘ Arab Kheyl ) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 329 , in 79 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Jan of Stobnica ( ca . 1470 - 1530 ) , was a Polish philosopher , scientist and geographer of the early 16th century .
Life
Jan of Stobnica was educated at the Jagiellonian University ( Kraków Academy ) , where they taught as professor between 1498 and 1514 . They are the author of numerous works on the subjects of logic , grammar , astronomy , geography , mathematics , music , natural sciences , and ethics .
Jan of Stobnica was one of Kraków 's adherents of Scotism , a philosophical school brought in from Paris first by Michał Twaróg of Bystrzyków ( ca . 1450 - 1520 ) . Jan of Stobnica became Michał 's most prominent student . Jan 's most famous work , entitled `` Introductio in Ptholomei Cosmographiam '' ( Introduction to the Cosmography of Ptolemy ) featured some of the first maps printed in Poland . Likewise , their edition of Ptolemy first contained a map of North and South America showing the connection of the two continents by an isthmus . It is one of the oldest known references to North America with the Gulf of Mexico delimited by the peninsula of Florida , peculiarly labeled `` Isa-bella '' ( see engraving ) , which corresponds to the name of Cuba in primitive times , which in fact they left it blank . `` Cosmographiam '' by Jan of Stobnica , from 1512 , are among some of the most precious Polonica of the New York Public Library holdings .
Works
Stobnica authored a number of works on logic , grammar , astronomy , geography , mathematics , music , natural science , ethics , and theology .
As author
Parvulus philosophiae naturalis . Kraków , drukarnia K. Hochfeder , 1503 ; Kraków , 1507 ; Kraków , 1513 ; Basel , 1516 ; Kraków , 1517 .
De praedicatione abstractorum ex sententia Scoti tam in creatis quam in divinis ac transcendentibus . Kraków , drukarnia J. Haller , 1505-1506 or 1515 .
Introductio in doctrinam doctoris subtilissimi . Kraków : drukarnia J. Haller , 1508 . Also , Introductio in doctrinam doctoris subtilis . Kraków , drukarnia F. Ungler , 1512 ; Kraków , 1515 ; Kraków , 1519 .
Introductio in Ptholomei Cosmographiam cum longitudinibus & latitudinibus regionum & civitatum celebriorum . Kraków : drukarnia F. Ungler , 1512 ; Kraków : F. Ungler , n.d. ; Kraków , 1517 ; Kraków , 1519 .
Generalis doctrina de modis significandi grammaticalibus . ( Kraków ) : drukarnia J. Haller or K. Hochfeder , n.d. ( before 1508 ? ) ; Kraków , 1515 ; Kraków , 1519 .
As editor
Michał z Bystrzykowa . Questiones in libros analyticorum priorum et elenchorum Aristotelis . Kraków : drukarnia K. Hochfeder , 1505 ; Kraków , 1511 .
Michał z Bystrzykowa . Questiones in libros analyticorum posteriorum et topicorum Aristotelis . Kraków : drukarnia J. Haller , 1505 ; Kraków , drukarnia J. Haller , n.d . ( 1511 ? , 1520 ? ) .
Questiones veteris ac novae logicae cum resolutione textus Aristotelis clarissima : ad intentionem doctoris Scoti . Kraków : drukarnia J. Haller , 1508 ; Kraków , 1507
Bruni Leonard Arentius . In moralem disciplinam introductio familiari Johannis de Stobnicza commentario explanata . Kraków : drukarnia J. Haller , 1511 ; Vienna , 1515 ; Kraków , 1517 .
Works with questionable authorship
Historia totius vitae et passionis Domini nostri Jesu Christi . Ex quatuor Evangelisticis cellecta a fratre Joanne de Stobnica . Kraków : 1523 , drukarnia J. Haller ; Kraków , 1525 . It 's not clear whether Jan of Stobnica wrote this work themselves or simply published that of another author .
See also
List of Poles
References
Notes
Bibliography
Lerski , George J. , Piotr Wróbel , and Richard J. Kozicki . Historical dictionary of Poland , 966-1945 , p. 221 . Greenwood Publishing Group .
Lewinski-Corwin , Edward H. The Political History of Poland . San Diego : University of California , 1917 .
Sieciechowiczowa , L. Życie codzienne w renesansowym Poznaniu 1518-1619 , Warszawa 1974
Bibliografia Literatury Polskiej – Nowy Korbut , vol . 3 , 289-91 . Warsaw , Państwowy Instytut Wydawniczy : 1965 .
“ Jan ze Stobnicy ( ? ) . ” In Polski słownik biograficzny , 10:480 .
Filozofia w Polsce , 145-47 .
Palacz , Ryszard . `` Jan ze Stobnicy . '' Materiały do Historii Filozofii średniowiecznej w Polsce 1 ( 12 ) ( 1970 ) : 23-38 .
External links
Works by Jan of Stobnica in digital library Polona
1470 births
1530 deaths
Jagiellonian University alumni
Polish geographers
16th-century Polish philosophers
Kheyrabad-e Olya ( , also Romanized as Kheyrābād-e ‘ Olyā ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 146 , in 20 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Oarja is a commune in Argeș County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of two villages , Ceaușești and Oarja .
External links
Commune 's website
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Dera Ghazi Khan Division is an administrative division of the Punjab Province , Pakistan . The reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government but division system was restored again in 2008 .
Districts
It contains the following districts :
Dera Ghazi Khan District
Layyah District
Muzaffargarh District
Rajanpur District
History
During British rule , All the districts that later formed Dera Ghazi Khan Division , collectively formed a district of Multan Division . After independence , Dera Ghazi Khan was made into a division in its own right . It was abolished in 2000 but restored in 2008 .
Demographics
According to 2017 census , DG Khan division had a population of 11,021,214 , which includes 5,627,413 males and 5,392,956 females .
DG Khan division constitutes 2,298 Hindus , 10,994,261 Muslims , 17,738 Christians , 5,778 Ahmadi followed by 678 scheduled castes and 461 others .
See also
Dera Ghazi Khan
Louis Dane - In 1876 they were posted to the Punjab as assistant commissioner in Dera Ghazi Khan
Mustafa Zaidi - served as assistant commissioner of Dera Ghazi Khan
Andrew Jukes ( missionary ) - They were sent to Baloch mission at Dera Ghazi Khan , where they stayed until 1906
Robert Groves Sandeman - in 1866 they were appointed district officer of Dera Ghazi Khan
References
Divisions of Pakistan
Purple squirrel is a term used by employment recruiters to describe a job candidate with precisely the right education , set of experience , and range of qualifications that perfectly fits a job 's requirements . The implication is that over-specification of the requirements makes a perfect candidate as hard to find as a purple squirrel .
While in theory , this prized `` purple squirrel '' could immediately handle all the expansive variety of responsibilities of a job description with no training , and would allow businesses to function with fewer workers , it is commonly asserted that the effort seeking them is often wasted . and that being more open to candidates that do n't have all the skills , or retraining existing employees , are sensible alternatives to an over-long search .
Origin and history
While it is unclear when exactly the term was coined , it was in use by 2000 , and in 2010 CBS published material using the term , writing that `` businesses are looking to do more with fewer workers , so they want [ purple squirrels ] who are able to take on a wide range of duties . '' In 2012 , Google recruiter Michael B. Junge published a popular job search and career book Purple Squirrel : Stand Out , Land Interviews , and Master the Modern Job Market , which helped popularize the term . Elon Musk tweeted in 2012 , `` Do not search for purple squirrels ! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple . '' which is likely also a reference to this term .
See also
Sourcing ( personnel )
Employee referral
Perfect is the enemy of good
Reserve army of labour
References
Neologisms
Recruitment
Metaphors referring to animals
The A7 is a national road in Latvia connecting Riga to the Lithuanian border ( Grenctāle ) , through Bauska . The road is also known in Latvia as the Bauska Highway . The A7 is part of European route E67 ( also known as the Via Baltica ) and the European TEN-T road network . The road becomes the Lithuanian A10 at the border . The length of the A7 in Latvian territory is 86 kilometers . Currently the A7 has 2x2 lanes only within the territory of Riga , other parts have 1x2 lanes . The current speed limit is 90 km/h except within municipalities . In period of 2005 - 2006 , the A7 was reconstructed from the 25th until the 43rd kilometer and from the 67th until the 85th kilometer . A 2-kilometer stretch of the road was reconstructed in Iecava , and reconstruction of another 15 kilometer long stretch was finished in 2012 . Construction of the Ķekava bypass is planned to begin in 2017 . The bypass will be built to expressway or motorway standards . The average traffic ( AADT ) on the A7 during 2016 was 14,599 cars per day .
References
A07
Horne Church ( ) was established in the Late Middle Ages on the southwest part of the island of Funen , Denmark . This church , founded as a Catholic place of worship , is situated in the village of Horne . The church no longer serves as a Catholic parish ; it now belongs to the lutheran Church of Denmark . Horne Church is the only round church on Funen . Originally constructed from granite stonework , it was modified in the 15th century with the addition of Gothic extensions on the east and west .
The history of Horne Church is inextricably tied to Hvedholm Manor , located about to the south and to the noble family Brahe associated with that estate . Several of the church 's content items date from the 17th century and earlier ; one of the original possessions is a medieval document known as the Hornebook , a national treasure of Denmark that is held by the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen .
Architecture
The original central round church is a ponderous looking medieval structure , attached to which are the rectilinear east and west wings . The alignment of these later extensions was not quite set at 180 degrees , so that the resulting central interior aisle does not split the congregation pews evenly , and the traditional women 's side is more spacious than the men 's . The circular roof of the massive central tower is constructed of lead panels , which forms an interesting colour and texture contrast to the orange-red roof tiling of the remainder . The exterior stonework has been covered over by many layers of white paint , giving a look of an almost harled coating .
There are three interesting and delicately designed weather vanes atop the church , one at the apex of each of the vaulted circular towers , but each at a different height . On one of the vanes are the initials P.B.B . ( Preben Bille Brahe ) to denote the association of the Brahe family of Hvedholm . The church tower bells are dated to 1568 and 1613 .
The curved lines of the gables of the taller western square tower reveal the Renaissance character of that element . These gables attain a height of , and are the highest element other than the west circular tower . The entry porch displays the Vicars ' Plaque , bearing the date 1472 .
The interior features a granite baptismal font , one of the oldest interior remains from the Middle Ages construction , matching the exterior stonework . The pulpit , of French Empire influence , is situated within the central round original church because of the elongated congregation seating . Perhaps the most interesting interior feature is situated at the upper level near the pulpit : a special box for the noble Brahe family , called the `` Count 's Box '' . This box was constructed at the behest of the earlier mentioned Preben Bille Brahe and is designed almost identically to those boxes of the Royal Danish Theatre . The nephew of Bille Brahe was astronomer Tycho Brahe , who was reared by their uncle and would have sat in this box on Sundays as a child . Not only did the Brahe nobility have its privileged seating , but the Brahe servants had their own private upper level box , called the `` Tjenerloftet '' or `` Servants ' Loft '' . The interior has a painted wood coffered ceiling under the organ gallery .
Church contents
Beside the original granite baptismal font now situated within the entrance porch is an intentionally uncomfortable bench called the `` kællingbænken '' , or `` hags ' bench '' . The present baptismal font is believed to be the work of Bertel Thorvaldsen ; however , the font was loaned out in the early 20th century , and no one is able to tell whether the Thorvaldsen font was returned or a similar one from Svanninge . Other yet older treasures of the church are the ciborium from 1639 and the chalice from 1676 . The bronze candlesticks dating to 1640 are another special holding .
Area setting
Horne Church is situated in a countryside of gently rolling hills , most of which is utilized for grain cultivation and cattle grazing . It sits atop a knoll at the north side of the village of Horne , and it is quite visible from many aspects for up to from certain vantage points . Hvedholm Manor , a building historically related through the Brahe family , is located about to the east . The Bøjden Nor is a bird sanctuary about distant where over 50 bird species in a flat meadow can be observed from a hide . Behind the altar is hung the oil painting Jesus and the Little Children by Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg .
See also
Egeskov Castle
Renaissance architecture
Tycho Brahe
References
External links
Photo of Horne Church
`` The Homepage ''
15th-century churches in Denmark
Churches in Funen
Lutheran churches converted from Roman Catholicism
Churches in the diocese of Funen
Buildings and structures in Denmark associated with the Brahe family
Pirshahbaz ( , also Romanized as Pīrshahbāz ) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District , Sarvelayat District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 164 , in 36 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Millicent Hughes Mackenzie ( 1863 in Bristol – 10 December 1942 in Brockweir ) was a British professor of education at University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire , the first female professor in Wales and the first appointed to a fully chartered university in the United Kingdom . They wrote on the philosophy of education , founded the Cardiff Suffragette branch , became the only woman candidate in Wales in the 1918 general election , and was a key initiator of Steiner-Waldorf education in the United Kingdom .
Biography
Academic career
Hester Millicent Hughes was born in 1863 into the family of Walter William Hughes of Bristol . They attended school in the Bristol suburb of Clifton and later was sent for further schooling to Switzerland , after which they entered the University College , Bristol and the Cambridge Teacher Training College . They were a normal mistress at the University College of South Wales & Monmouthshire from 1891 to 1904 . This is where they met John Stuart Mackenzie , professor of philosophy at the University College , a Hegelian and author of philosophical works and text books . The couple married in 1898 , and at their request the university allowed them to continue as normal mistress thereafter . When the University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire opened their teacher training for female students , they were appointed to head it , the university being then just a few years old and having a welcoming and enlightened policy towards female students and staff . They made history through their appointment to associate professor in 1904 and to professor of education ( women ) in 1910 , making them the first female professor in Wales and the first female professor appointed to a fully chartered university in the United Kingdom . Millicent was appointed to Senate in 1909 ( the first woman to be appointed to Cardiff 's Senate ) , though the Senate Minutes record them attending and being involved in Senate Meetings going back to 25 October 1904 .
They played a key role in the establishment of the College School . This was a demonstration school founded by the university in which members of the Secondary Training Department for Women carried out their teaching practice , taught boys until the age of 10 , who then went on to public school and girls until they were 18 or 19 .
In 1909 , they published Hegel 's Educational Theory and Practice , their most important book . Besides this they published numerous other books and lectures on education .
`` Much of their work focused on the methods for preparing teachers for working in schools across the country and advocated co-educational instruction . They researched Welsh and UK schools and also drew insight from the US and European education systems . In 1894 , with co-author Amy Blanche Bramwell , they wrote the title Training of Teachers in the United States , a title that focused on the co-education in US teacher trainer schools . They also authored Moral Education : The Task of the Teacher ( 1909 ) ; Freedom in Education . An Inquiry into its Meaning , Value , and Condition ( 1905 ) ”
Meeting with Rudolf Steiner 's education
In 1913 , they became a member of the Theosophical Society and on 2 July 1914 joined the London branch of Harry Collison , which was devoted to studying the works of Rudolf Steiner , who had appointed Collison as their official translator into English .
In 1915 , Barbara Foxley took over their role as Professor of Education as Mackenzie and their husband went into early retirement to travel and write . The Council Minutes , 1914–1915 record a meeting of the Council on 14 May 1915 , accepting their resignations `` with deep regret '' . It was not until after World War I , when travel had become possible again that they went , together with their husband , on two lecture tours , visiting India , Burma , Ceylon and Europe between 1920 and 1922 , and Berkeley , California in 1923 . In August 1921 the couple were present at the Goetheanum in Dornach , Switzerland to take part in the Summer Art Course that had been organised by Baron Arild Rosenkrantz for English participants . Here they met Rudolf Steiner for the first time , spoke to the people working at the Goetheanum and experienced the educational work being done at the first Waldorf school . Rudolf Steiner spoke highly of them and of the philosophical works they had written , in particular Hegel 's Educational Theory and Practice and Jack Mackenzie 's Elements of Constructive Philosophy .
As a result of this conference , Mellicent arranged for a lecture cycle for British teachers to take place at Christmas 1921 by Rudolf Steiner and some of the Waldorf teachers . Around forty people responded to their invitation , travelling from England to Dornach , where Rudolf Steiner held the lecture cycle Soul Economy – Body , Soul and Spirit in Waldorf Education besides a varied supporting programme .
On their return to Britain , Millicent then initiated the educational conference in Stratford-on-Avon in April 1922 , was the founder and chairperson of the `` Educational Union '' whose purpose was to bring awareness of Rudolf Steiner 's educational ideas into English and American teacher 's organisations and directed the organisational group for the summer conference `` Spiritual Values in Education and Social Life '' in August 1922 in Oxford . They organised the public lecture of Rudolf Steiner on education on 30 August 1924 in Essex Hall , London under the auspices of the Educational Union for the Realisation of Spiritual Values and gave the welcoming address . Through their efforts the founders of Steiner-Waldorf education in the United Kingdom were introduced to these ideas and built up the first schools .
Political career
Mackenzie joined the women 's movement , co-founding the Cardiff and District Women 's Suffrage Society and stood as Labour Party candidate in the 1918 general election for the newly created University of Wales constituency , losing to former Flintshire Liberal MP Herbert Lewis . They were the first woman to stand in a parliamentary election in Wales . A copy of their election address is held at the National Library of Wales .
Legacy
John Mackenzie , their husband , died in December 1935 in their home in the village of Brockweir near Chepstow in Gloucestershire . They edited their autobiographical notes and published them in 1936 . When the Brockweir town hall was built in 1937 , they donated the money for the building and called it the Mackenzie Hall in honour of their husband John S Mackenzie . Millicent Mackenzie died on 10 December 1942 in Brockweir .
Books published
Freedom in Education An Inquiry into Its Meaning , Value And Conditions by H Millicent Mackenzie . Hodder & Stoughton Ltd ( 1905 ) ASIN B000KZGHCA
Hegel 's Educational Theory and Practice by H. Millicent Hughes Mackenzie . S. Sonnenschein & Co. , Ltd ( 1909 ) ASIN B00087QADG
Moral Education : The Training of the Teacher by Millicent MacKenzie 1909
References
1863 births
1942 deaths
Academics of Cardiff University
British suffragists
Anthroposophists
Labour Party ( UK ) parliamentary candidates
The 1964 Hammersmith Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Hammersmith London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council with almost 63 % of the vote .
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough . Previously elections had taken place in the Metropolitan Borough of Hammersmith and Metropolitan Borough of Fulham . These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Hammersmith by the London Government Act 1963 .
A total of 134 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 21 wards . These included a full slate from the Conservative and Labour parties , while the Liberals stood 9 candidates . Other candidates included 5 from the Communist party . There were 18 three-seat wards and 3 two-seat wards .
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors . Labour got 9 aldermen and the Conservatives 1 .
The Council was elected in 1964 as a `` shadow authority '' but did not start operations until 1 April 1965 .
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council with a majority of 46 after winning 53 of the 60 seats . Overall turnout in the election was 32.0 % . This turnout included 696 postal votes .
Ward results
Addison
Avonmore
Broadway
Brook Green
Colehill
College Park & Old Oak
Coningham
Crabtree
Gibbs Green
Grove
Halford
Margravine
Parsons Green
St Stephen 's
Sandford
Sherbrooke
Starch Green
Sulivan
Town
White City
Wormholt
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
20th century in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
Unkida ( ; ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Rugudzhinsky Selsoviet , Gunibsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 432 as of 2010 .
Geography
Unkida is located 20 km southwest of Gunib ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road , on the Betsor River . Kulla and Batsada are the nearest rural localities .
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Shamsabad ( , also Romanized as Shamsābād ) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 133 , in 38 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Kyle Jamieson ( born 30 December 1994 ) is a New Zealand cricketer . They made their international debut for the New Zealand cricket team in February 2020 against India . In May 2020 , New Zealand Cricket awarded them with a central contract , ahead of the 2020–21 season .
Early life
Jamieson attended Auckland Grammar school and was part of New Zealand 's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup . In their youth , Jamieson played point guard at the New Zealand Breakers academy , but chose cricket over basketball as they were a proficient fast bowler .
Career
A right-arm fast-medium bowler and useful lower-order batsman , Jamieson is six feet eight inches tall , the tallest person ever to play international cricket for New Zealand . They started out as a batting all-rounder , but in 2012 , they were slowly converted to become a bowler under the tutelage of bowling coach , Dayle Hadlee , brother of Richard Hadlee . They made their Twenty20 debut for Canterbury on 4 December 2016 in the 2016–17 Super Smash . In June 2018 , they were awarded a contract with Canterbury for the 2018–19 season .
On 1 January 2019 , in the match between Auckland Aces and Canterbury Kings in the 2018–19 Super Smash , Jamieson took the best figures by a bowler in a T20 match in New Zealand , and the third-best figures ever , when they took six wickets for seven runs from their four overs . They were the leading wicket-taker in the 2018–19 Super Smash , with 22 dismissals in ten matches .
In December 2019 , Jamieson was added to New Zealand 's Test squad for their series against Australia , but did not play . In January 2020 , they were named in New Zealand 's One Day International ( ODI ) squad for their series against India . They made their ODI debut for New Zealand , against India , on 8 February 2020 , and was named the player of the match . Jamieson made their Test debut for New Zealand , against India , on 21 February 2020 . In the next match , Jamieson took their first five-wicket haul in Test cricket .
In October 2020 , in the second round of matches in the 2020–21 Plunket Shield season , Jamieson took a hat-trick against Central Districts . In November 2020 , Jamieson was named in New Zealand 's Twenty20 International ( T20I ) squad for the series against the West Indies . They made their T20I debut for New Zealand on 27 November 2020 , against the West Indies .
In January 2021 , Jamieson took their best figures in a Test match with 11 for 117 in the second Test against Pakistan . In February 2021 , Jamieson was bought by the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL auction ahead of the 2021 Indian Premier League . In June 2021 , Jamieson was signed by Surrey County Cricket Club to play matches for them following the conclusion of the 2021 ICC World Test Championship Final . In the 2019–2021 ICC World Test Championship Final , Jamieson was named as the man of the match , after taking seven wickets , including a five-wicket haul in the first innings .
In August 2021 , Jamieson was named in New Zealand 's squad for the 2021 ICC Men 's T20 World Cup . In the annual ICC Awards in January 2022 , Jamieson was named in the ICC Men 's Test Team of the Year for the year 2021 .
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
New Zealand Test cricketers
New Zealand One Day International cricketers
New Zealand Twenty20 International cricketers
Auckland cricketers
Canterbury cricketers
Royal Challengers Bangalore cricketers
Cricketers from Auckland
Simultaneous action selection , or SAS , is a game mechanic that occurs when players of a game take action ( such as moving their pieces ) at the same time . Examples of games that use this type of movement include rock–paper–scissors and Diplomacy . Typically , a `` secret yet binding '' method of committing to one 's move is necessary , so that as players ' moves are revealed and implemented , others do not change their moves in light of the new information . Thus , in Diplomacy , players write down their moves and then reveal them simultaneously . Because no player gets the first move , this potentially arbitrary source of advantage is not present . It is also possible for simultaneous movement games to proceed relatively quickly , because players are acting at the same time , rather than waiting for their turn . Simultaneous action selection is easily implemented in card games such as Apples to Apples in which players simply select cards and throw them face-down into the center .
Limitations
Some games do not lend themselves to simultaneous movement , because one player 's move may be prevented by the other player 's . For instance , in chess , a move of a bishop takes queen would be incompatible with a simultaneous opposing move of queen takes bishop . By contrast , the simultaneous movement is possible in Junta because each coup phase has a movement stage and a separate combat stage ; no units are removed until all have had a chance to move . It has been noted that `` a certain amount of reverse psychology and reverse-reverse psychology ensues '' as players attempt to calculate the implications of others ' potential actions . Junta also has simultaneous action selection in that players secretly choose their locations at the same time . This is important in that , for instance , a player plotting an assassination may choose the bank for their or their own location ( hoping to quickly deposit the ill-gotten gains ) before finding out whether the location of their or their assassination was on the mark .
Real world applications
Simultaneous action selection is used in many real-world applications such as first-price sealed-bid auctions . The fact that no bidder knows what others are planning to bid may provide an incentive to bid high if there is a strong desire to win the auction , which can result in much higher winning bids than if better information were available . The prisoner 's dilemma is another classic example of simultaneous action selection . SAS can also be used to introduce an element of chance , as when rock-paper-scissors is used to decide a matter .
See also
First-move advantage in chess
Simultaneous game
References
External links
BoardGameGeek : Games using simultaneous action selection
BoardGameGeek wiki : Simultaneous Action Selection
Game design
Game theory
The 1964 Barking Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Barking London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council .
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough . Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Barking and Municipal Borough of Dagenham . These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Barking by the London Government Act 1963 .
A total of 130 candidates stood in the election for the 49 seats being contested across 12 wards . These included a full slate from the Labour party , while the Conservative and Liberal parties stood 41 and 25 respectively . Other candidates included 10 from the Communist party , 4 Residents and 1 Independent Liberal . There were 11 four-seat wards and 1 five-seat ward .
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors . Labour got all 8 aldermen .
The Council was elected in 1964 as a `` shadow authority '' but did not start operations until 1 April 1965 .
Results
The results saw Labour gain the new council with a majority of 41 after winning 45 of the 49 seats . Overall turnout in the election was 29.1 % . This turnout included 228 postal votes .
Results by ward
Abbey
Cambell
Chadwell Heath
Eastbrook
Fanshaw
Gascoigne
Heath
Longbridge
Manor
River
Valence
Village
By-elections between 1964 and 1968
There were no by-elections .
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Jandab ( , also Romanized as Jandāb ; also known as Gandū ) is a village in Belharat Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,018 , in 258 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Elections will be held in Simcoe County , Ontario on October 24 , 2022 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .
Simcoe County Council
The county council consists of the mayors and deputy mayors of the municipalities .
Adjala-Tosorontio
The following candidates are running for mayor and deputy mayor of Adjala-Tosorontio .
Mayor
Deputy mayor
Bradford West Gwillimbury
The following candidates are running for mayor , deputy mayor and town council of Bradford West Gwillimbury .
Mayor
Incumbent mayor Rob Keffer has announced their retirement .
Deputy mayor
Bradford West Gwillimbury Town Council
Clearview
The following candidates are running for mayor and deputy mayor of Clearview .
Mayor
Deputy mayor
Collingwood
The following candidates are running for mayor and deputy mayor of Collingwood .
Mayor
Previous mayor Brian Saunderson was elected in the 2022 Ontario general election for the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario in Simcoe—Grey . They were replaced as mayor by Keith Hull on June 20 .
Deputy mayor
Essa
Mayor
The following candidates are running for mayor of Essa .
Deputy mayor
The following candidates are running for deputy mayor of Essa .
Innisfil
The following candidates are running for mayor , deputy mayor and town council of Innisfil .
Mayor
Deputy mayor
Innisfil Town Council
Midland
The following candidates are running for mayor and deputy mayor of Midland .
Mayor
Deputy mayor
New Tecumseth
The following candidates are running for mayor , deputy mayor and town council of New Tecumseth .
Mayor
Incumbent mayor Rick Milne is not running for re-election . Running for mayor is deputy mayor Richard Norcross , and town councillor Donna Jebb , and Tony Veltri .
Deputy mayor
New Tecumseth Town Council
Oro-Medonte
Mayor
The following candidates are running for mayor of Oro-Medonte .
Penetanguishene
Mayor
Incumbent mayor Doug Leroux is running for council . Running to replace them is former town councillor Doug Rawson and town councillor Jill St. Amant .
Deputy mayor
The following candidates are running for deputy mayor of Penetanguishene .
Ramara
The following candidates are running for mayor and deputy mayor of Ramara .
Mayor
Incumbent mayor Basil Clarke is being challenged by former township councillor Marg Sharpe in a re-match of the 2018 election .
Deputy mayor
Severn
The following candidates are running for mayor and deputy mayor of Severn .
Mayor
Deputy mayor
Springwater
The following candidates are running for mayor and deputy mayor of Springwater .
Mayor
Deputy mayor
Tay
The following candidates are running for mayor and deputy mayor of Tay .
Mayor
Deputy mayor
Tiny
The following candidates are running for mayor and deputy mayor of Tiny .
Mayor
Running for mayor is former township councillor Tony Mintoff and sales and marketing manager David Evans . Incumbent mayor George Cornell is not running for re-election .
Deputy mayor
Wasaga Beach
The following candidates are running for mayor and deputy mayor of Wasaga Beach .
Mayor
Deputy mayor
References
Simcoe
Simcoe County
Adam Jacob Szubin ( ) is an American lawyer and former government official . Szubin served as the Acting Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence and the Acting Secretary of the Treasury of the United States . They served as the acting secretary from January to February 2017 after the resignation of Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and Deputy Treasury Secretary Sarah Bloom Raskin during the 2017 presidential transition . They previously served as the Director of Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) .
They are currently a Distinguished Practitioner-in-Residence at the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies ( SAIS ) of the Johns Hopkins University and a lawyer in private practice at Sullivan & Cromwell in D.C .
Education
Szubin is from an Orthodox Jewish family and attended Yavneh Academy and the Ramaz School . They received an A.B . from Harvard College and a J.D . from Harvard Law School .
Department of the Treasury
Joining the Treasury in 2004 , Szubin served in the Bush administration as the Senior Advisor to the Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence . From 2006 to 2015 , Szubin served as the Director of Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control .
On April 16 , 2015 , President Obama nominated them as Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes . In 2015 , they appeared before the Senate Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs . In 2016 , the Senate Banking Committee approved their nomination but they were never confirmed by the full Senate .
Still unconfirmed , President Trump asked them to stay on in their post as Under Secretary . They became the Acting Secretary of the Treasury of the United States on January 20 , 2017 after the resignation of Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and Deputy Treasury Secretary Sarah Bloom Raskin . After the confirmation of Steven Mnuchin as Secretary of the Treasury , Szubin left government service .
Personal life
As of 2004 , Szubin lived with their wife , Miriam Weiner , and three children , in Washington , DC .
References
External links
1970s births
21st-century American politicians
Acting United States Secretaries of the Treasury
Activists from New Jersey
Activists from Washington , D.C .
Harvard Law School alumni
Jewish American government officials
Living people
New Jersey Democrats
People from Teaneck , New Jersey
Ramaz School alumni
Trump administration cabinet members
Year of birth missing ( living people )
László Görög may refer to :
László Görög ( writer ) , American screenwriter
László Görög ( actor ) , Hungarian actor
Johan Peter Gumbert ( 23 January 1936 – 18 August 2016 ) , known in print as J.P. Gumbert , was a Dutch academic who specialised in medieval European manuscripts . From 1979 to 2001 they were Professor , and then Professor Emeritus , of Western Palaeography and Codicology at Leiden University .
Personal life
Born in Nijmegen , Netherlands , Gumbert was the son of Hans Ludwig Gumbert ( 1903–1994 ) , an antiquarian who managed the Utrecht bookshop and auction house J.L . Beijers . Following completion of their studies at Stedelijk Gymnasium Nijmegen , Gumbert went on to read classics at Leiden University where they met their wife , the classicist Marijke Hepp . The couple had three children , Eline , Max , and Barbara .
Education and career
During the final year of their initial degree at Leiden , Gumbert became assistant to G.I . Lieftinck ( 1902–1994 ) , Keeper of Manuscripts and ( then ) Lector in Medieval Manuscripts , joining the latter 's staff after completion of their studies . In 1979 , they succeeded their mentor Lieftinck to become the last Professor of Western Palaeography and Codicology at Leiden University . Their 1972 doctoral dissertation , subsequently published in a trade edition , examined manuscript production by the monks of the Utrecht Charterhouse ( known as Kartuize Nieuwlicht or Nova Lux ) , a Carthusian monastery in Utrecht .
An internationally recognised authority on the medieval book , Gumbert was invited to take up research scholarships at multiple institutions throughout Europe , as well as in the United States and Israel , but elected to remain at Leiden . They sat on the editorial boards of numerous academic journals and scholarly series , organised several informal circles devoted to codicology and palaeography , and acted as both treasurer and committee member for the prestigious , Comité International de Paléographie Latine , for half a decade . In addition , they co-founded the academic journal Gazette du Livre Médiéval , and helped establish the Association Paléographique Internationale — Culture , Écriture , Société in 1993 . Their 1989 Panizzi Lecture at the British Library was published in 1990 as The Dutch and Their Books in the Manuscript Age . A prolific and well-respected scholar , they published individual research and editorial works in multiple languages including Dutch , English , French , and German . A full bibliography of their output to 2003 is available in the special issue of Quaerendo published in their honour in 2003 .
Awards and honours
Regarded as `` unquestionably one of the most prominent codicologists the Netherlands has produced '' , Gumbert was an elected member of the Comité International de Paléographie Latine , and , from 1997 , a member of , Koninklijke Nederlandse Akademie van Wetenschappen ( Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences ) . In 2011 they were appointed Ridder ( Knight ) in the Orde van Oranje-Nassau for their contributions to scholarship . The scholarly journal Quaerendo published a special issue in their honour in 2003 .
Selected publications
Authored books
Bat Books : A Catalogue of Folded Manuscripts Containing Almanacs or Other Texts ( Turnhout , Brepols , 2016 ) .
Illustrated Inventory of Medieval Manuscripts in Latin Script in the Netherlands ( Hilversum , Verloren , 2009–2011 ) .
The Dutch and Their Books in the Manuscript Age . Panizzi Lectures 1989 ( British Library , 1990 ) .
Manuscrits Datés Conservés Dans Les Pays-Bas . Tome II : Les Manuscrits d'Origine Néerlandaise ( XIVe–XVIe Siècles ) et Supplément au Tome Premier . ( Brill , 1988 ) .
Illustrated Inventory of Medieval Manuscripts in the Netherlands ( Inventaire Illustré des Manuscrits Médiévaux aux Pays-Bas ; Illustriertes Inventar Mittelalterlicher Manuskripte in den Niederlanden ) [ IIMM ] . 3 Vols . ( Leiden , 1984–1987 ) .
Die Utrechter Kartauser und Ihre Bucher Im Fruhen Funfzehnten Jahrhundert . ( Leiden , 1974 ) .
Edited volumes
( with M.J.M . de Haan ) . Essays Presented to G.I . Lieftinck . 2 : Varia Codicologica . ( Amsterdam , 1972 ) . Litterae Textuales , 2 .
( with J. van Biezen ) . Two Chansonniers from the Low Countries : French and Dutch Polyphonic Songs from the Leiden and Utrecht Fragments ( Early 15th Century ) . ( Amsterdam , 1985 ) . Monumenta Musica Neerlandica , 15 .
Book chapters and articles
“ Codicological Units : Towards a Terminology for the Stratigraphy of the Non-Homogeneous Codex ” . Signo e Testo 2 ( 2004 ) : 17–42 .
“ The Pen and Its Movement : Some General and Less General Remarks ” . Gazette du Livre Médiéval 40 ( 2002 ) : 14–24 .
“ Skins , Sheets , and Quires ” . In : New Directions in Later Medieval Manuscript Studies . Essays from the 1998 Harvard Conference . Ed . Derek Pearsall ( York , 2000 ) , pp . 81–90 .
“ Writing and Dating—Some General Remarks ” . Scriptorium 54 ( 2000 ) : 5–8 .
“ The Layout of the Bible Gloss in Manuscript and Early Print ” . In : The Bible as Book . The First Printed Editions . Ed . Paul Saenger and Kimberly van Kampen ( London , 1999 ) , pp . 7–13 .
“ The Speed of Scribes ” . In : Scribi e Colofoni . Le Sottoscrizioni di Copisti dalle Origini all'Avvento della Stampa . Atti del Seminario di Erice , X Colloquio del Comité International de Paléographie Latine ( 23–28 Ottobre 1993 ) . Ed . A. Condello and G. de Gregorio ( Spoleto 1995 ) , pp . 57–69 . Biblioteca del Centro per il Collegamento degli Studi Medievali e Umanistici in Umbria , 14 .
“ Sizes and Formats ” . In : Ancient and Medieval Book Materials and Techniques . Vol . 1 . Ed . Marilena Maniaci and Paola F. Munafò ( Città de Vaticano 1993 ) , pp . 227–273 . Studi e Testi , 357 .
“ ‘ Typography ' in the Manuscript Book ” . Journal of the Printing Historical Society 22 ( 1993 ) : 5–28 .
“ Ruling by Rake and Board : Notes on Some Late Medieval Ruling Techniques ” . In : The Role of the Book in Medieval Culture : Proceedings of the Oxford International Symposium , 16 September–1 October 1982 . Ed . Peter Ganz ( Turnhout 1986 ) , pp . 41–54 . Bibliologia 3 .
( with P.M. Vermeer ) . “ An Unusual Yogh in the Bestiary Manuscript — A Palaeographical Note ” . Medium Ævum 40 ( 1971 ) : 56–57 .
References
1936 births
2016 deaths
Dutch medievalists
Dutch palaeographers
Leiden University alumni
Leiden University faculty
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
People from Nijmegen
Knights of the Order of Orange-Nassau
Codicologists
Stockholm International Fairs ( ) is a large exhibition facility that arranges trade fairs in Stockholm , Sweden .
History
The idea of starting a trade fair in Stockholm started with brothers Börje and Folke Claeson in 1942 .
Initially , the Royal Tennis Hall ( Kungliga tennishallen ) was rented for this purpose . In 1964 , the City of Stockholm and Stockholm Chamber of Commerce took over as owners and operators . The main building was constructed in 1971 in the Älvsjö suburb of Stockholm Municipality .
Events
The facility has hosted international congresses , seminars , general assemblies and musical events . It played host to the 1975 Eurovision Song Contest and Melodifestivalen , the Swedish national selection , in Melodifestivalen 1996 and 1999 .
Gallery
References
External links
Official website
Infrastructure completed in 1971
1971 establishments in Sweden
Convention centres in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Stockholm
Music venues in Sweden
Fairgrounds in Sweden
Sanosara is a village located in India in the Bhavnagar district . Its approximate population is 15,000 people . It is home to an agricultural college named Lokbharti .
References
Villages in Bhavnagar district
John Brougham ( 9 May 1814 – 7 June 1880 ) was an Irish-American actor and dramatist .
Biography
They were born at Dublin . Their father was an amateur painter , and died young . Their mother was the daughter of a Huguenot , whom political adversity had forced into exile . John was the eldest of three children . The other two died in youth , and , the father being dead and the widowed mother left penniless , the surviving boy was reared in the family and home of an uncle .
They were prepared for college at an academy at Trim , County Meath , twenty miles from Dublin , and subsequently was sent to Trinity College Dublin . There they acquired classical learning , and formed interesting and useful associations and acquaintances ; and there also they became interested in private theatricals . Brougham fell in with a crowd that put on their own shows , cast by drawing parts out of a hat . Though they most always traded off larger roles so they could pay attention to their studies , Brougham took quite an interest in acting . They were a frequent attendant , moreover , at the Theatre Royal in Hawkins Street .
They were educated with the intention of theirs becoming a surgeon , and walked the Peth Street Hospital for eight months , but misfortune came upon their uncle , and so the youth was obliged to provide for himself . Before leaving the university he , by chance , had become acquainted with the actor Madame Vestris .
They went to London in 1830 , and , after a brief experience of poverty , suddenly determined to become an actor . They were destitute of everything except fine apparel , and they had actually taken the extreme step of offering themselves as a cadet in the service of the East India Company ; but , being dissuaded by the enrolling officer , who lent them a guinea and advised them to seek for other employment , and happening to meet with a festive acquaintance , they sought recreation at the Tottenham Theatre ( afterward the Prince of Wales 's ) where Madame Vestris was acting .
Their acquaintance with Madame Vestris led to them being engaged at the theatre , and they thus made their first appearance on the London stage in July in Tom and Jerry , in which they played six characters . In 1831 they were a member of Madame Vestris 's company , and wrote their first play , a burlesque . They remained with Madame Vestris as long as they and Charles Mathews retained Covent Garden , and they collaborated with Dion Boucicault in writing London Assurance , the role of Dazzle being one of those with which they became associated . Their success at small or `` low '' comic roles such as Dazzle earned them the nickname `` Little Johnny Brougham , '' a moniker which they embraced and which boosted their popularity with working-class audiences .
In 1840 they managed the Lyceum theatre , for which they wrote several light burlesques , but in 1842 they moved to the United States , where they became a member of WE Burton 's company , for which they wrote several comedies , including Met-a-mora ; or , the Last of the Pollywogs , a parody of John A . Stone and Edwin Forrest 's Metamora ; or The Last of the Wamponoags , and Irish Yankee ; or , The Birthday of Freedom .
Later they were the manager of Niblo 's Garden , and in 1850 opened Brougham 's Lyceum , which , like their next speculation , the lease of the Bowery Theatre , was not a financial success , despite the popularity of such works as Po-ca-hon-tas ; or , The Gentle Savage . They were later connected with Wallack 's and Daly 's theatres , and wrote plays for both .
In 1860 they returned to London , where they adapted or wrote several plays , including The Duke 's Motto for Fechter . In November 1864 they appeared at the Theatre Royal in their native Dublin in the first performance of Dion Boucicault 's Arrah-na-Pogue with Boucicault , Samuel Johnson and Samuel Anderson Emery in the cast .
After the American Civil War they returned to New York City . Brougham 's Theatre was opened in 1869 with their comedies Better Later than Never and Much Ado About a Merchant of Venice , but this managerial experience was also a failure , due to disagreements with their business partner , Jim Fisk , and they took to playing the stock market . Their last appearance onstage was in 1879 as `` O'Reilly , the detective '' in Boucicault 's Rescued . They died in Manhattan in 1880 .
Marriages
They were twice married , in 1838 to Emma Williams ( d. 1865 ) , and , in 1844 , to Annette Hawley , daughter of Captain Nelson , R.N. , and widow of Mr. Hodges ( d. 1870 ) , both actores .
Plays
Brougham wrote upwards of 120 plays , mostly comedies , earning them the nickname `` The American Aristophanes '' from critics of the time . One obituary listed the following as their `` most conspicuous plays '' : Life in the Clouds , Love 's Livery , Enthusiasm , Thom Thumb the Second , The Demon Gift ( with Mark Lemon ) , Bunsby 's Wedding , The Confidence Man , Don Caeser de Bassoon , Vanity Fair , The Irish Yankee , Benjamin Franklin , All 's Fair in Love , The Irish Emigrant , Dombey and Son ( dramatization ) , Home , Ambrose Germain , The World 's Fair , Faustus , The Spirit of Air , Row at the Lyceum , David Copperfield ( dramatization ) , The Actress of Padua ( new version ) , The Pirates of the Mississippi , The Red Mask , Orion , the Gold-Beater , Tom and Jerry in America , The Miller of New Jersey , The Game of Love , Bleak House ( adaptation ) , My Cousin German , A Decided Case , The Game of Life , Pocahantas , Neptune 's Defeat , Love and Murder , Romance and Reality , The Ruling Passion , Playing With Fire , Columbus ( burlesque ) , This House to Be Sold , The Duke 's Motto , Bel Demonio , Lady Audley 's Secret ( adaptation ) , Only a Clod ( adaptation ) , Better Late than Never , The Emerald Ring , Irish Stew , Much Ado About a Merchant of Venice , The Red Light , Minnie 's Luck , John Garth , and The Lily of France . Other works included The Lottery of Life ( 1867 ) , and Home Rule , their final work .
They were the founder of the Lotus Club in New York , and for a time its president .
In 1852 , they edited a comedic paper , The Lantern , and published two collections of miscellaneous writings , A Basket of Chips and The Bunsby Papers . In 1857 , they published A Day in New York .
Notes
References
External links
1814 births
1880 deaths
American male dramatists and playwrights
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
Irish dramatists and playwrights
Irish male writers
Irish male stage actors
Irish male dramatists and playwrights
Male actors from County Dublin
19th-century American dramatists and playwrights
19th-century Irish male actors
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American male actors
Umaria is a municipality city in the Umaria district of the Shahdol Division of Madhya Pradesh , India .
Geography
Umaria is located at and has an average elevation of 538 metres ( 1,765 feet ) .
Climate
Demographics
According to the latest 2011 census , Umaria has a population of 33,114 divided in 15 wards . Male population is 17,509 and that of female is 15,605 . Umaria has an average literacy rate of 84.70 percent , higher than state average of 69.32 percent , male literacy is 91.10 percent , and female literacy is 77.49 percent . In Umaria , 12.34 percent of the population is under 6 years of age . Out of the total population , 10,511 out of which 8,758 are males , engaged in work or business activity .
Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes constitutes 12.82 percent and 18.57 percent of the total population in Umaria .
References
An election to Dublin City Council took place on 11 June 2004 as part of that year 's Irish local elections . 52 councillors were elected from thirteen electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office .
Results by party
Results by Electoral Area
Artane
Ballyfermot
Ballymun-Whitehall
Cabra-Glasnevin
Clontarf
Crumlin-Kimmage
Donaghmede
Finglas
North Inner City
Pembroke
Rathmines
South-East Inner City
South-West Inner City
External links
Voting data
Old Local Election Results
Council Results
2004 Irish local elections
2004
2000s in Dublin ( city )
2004 elections in the Republic of Ireland
June 2004 events in Europe
Military decoration of Prussian Army
The Warrior Merit Medal ( ) was a military decoration of Prussia . Established by Friedrich Wilhelm III , it was primarily awarded to troops not in Prussian Army military service . The first recipients were members of the Imperial Guard grenadier company guarding the Russian imperial residence during Friedrich Whilhelm 's visit to St. Petersburg in 1835 .
Appearance
Both versions of the medal are circular and silver , 25 mm in diameter . The first version depicts the crowned cypher of Friedrich Wilhelm III on the obverse of the medal . The reverse bears the inscription KRIEGER VERDIENST ( Warrior Merit ) surrounded by a wreath of two laurel sprigs , tied at its base with a bow . The medal is suspended by a ring suspension and hangs from the ribbon of the Order of the Red Eagle .
The later version of the medal depicts the crowned cipher of King Wilhelm I on the obverse . The reverse is also inscribed KRIEGER VERDIENST and surrounded by a thicker laurel wreath than the early version . The medal is suspended by a ring suspension and hangs from the black with white stripes kämpferband ( combatants ribbon ) or the white with black stripe nichtkämpferband ( non-combatants ribbon ) .
References
External links
Friedrich Wilhelm III version of medal , Deutsches Historisches Museum .
Military awards and decorations of Prussia
Edward H. Howell ( January 1 , 1915 – March 29 , 1994 ) was an American jurist in the state of Oregon . The Oregon native and Army veteran served on the Oregon Tax Court and the state 's highest court , the Oregon Supreme Court .
Early life
Edward Howell was born in Portland , Oregon , on January 1 , 1915 . The family later moved to The Dalles , Oregon , where Edward graduated from The Dalles High School . They then went to college , followed by law school . Howell graduated in 1940 from Willamette University College of Law in Salem , Oregon . Then with the onset of World War II they joined the United States Army where they served as an intelligence officer in the Aleutian Islands . They married Jane Howell and they had three daughters .
Judicial career
In 1949 , Howell began their judicial career when they were appointed to Oregon 's 11th Judicial Career . On February 19 , 1965 , Howell was appointed by Oregon Governor Mark Hatfield to the Oregon Tax Court to replace Peter M. Gunnar who had resigned . They served on this single-judge court until resigning on May 31 , 1970 . On June 1 , 1970 , they were appointed to the Oregon Supreme Court by Governor Tom McCall to replace William C. Perry who had resigned from the bench . Howell was elected to a full six-year term later in 1970 and then re-elected in 1976 . They resigned from the court on November 30 , 1980 .
Edward H. Howell died in Salem , Oregon , on March 29 , 1994 , of cancer and was buried at St. Peter Catholic Cemetery in The Dalles , Oregon .
References
External links
The Oregon History Project : Christmas Valley Lodge , 1962
Justices of the Oregon Supreme Court
Oregon state court judges
Willamette University College of Law alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
1915 births
1994 deaths
Deaths from cancer in Oregon
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American judges
United States Army officers
Joy Bells was a revue staged at the London Hippodrome at the end of World War I . It was devised by Albert de Courville , with music and lyrics by H. G. Pether , Rupert Hazell , Oliver Wallace , Harold Weeks and others . The revue opened on 25 March 1919 , starring George Robey , Fred Allandale , Phyllis Bedells , Anita Elson , Leon Errol , Shirley Kellogg and Daphne Pollard . It ran for 723 performances .
Background
During the later half of the war and immediately thereafter , revues and musical comedies were in great demand ; London hits during the period included The Bing Boys Are Here and Zig-Zag ! ( both starring Robey ) , Chu Chin Chow , Theodore & Co , The Happy Day , The Maid of the Mountains , The Boy and Yes , Uncle ! . The audiences wanted light and uplifting entertainment , and these shows delivered it .
Description and reception
Robey interpolated into Joy Bells two of their music hall sketches : `` No , No , No '' centred on turning innocent , everyday sayings into suggestive and provocative maxims , and `` The Rest Cure '' told the story of a pre-op hospital patient who hears worrying stories of malpractice from their well-meaning friends who visit him .
Reviews were generally warm , with Emilio Cecchi writing in the Italian newspaper La Tribuna : `` Robey , just by being Robey , makes us laugh until we weep . We do not want to see either Figaro or Othello ; it is quite enough for Robey to appear in travelling costume and to turn their eyes in crab-like fashion from one side of the auditorium to another . Robey 's aspect in dealing with their audience is paternal and , one might say , apostolic . ''
Songs
Unfinished Melody
Holiday Girls
Goodbye , Khaki
Oh , You Wonderful Bird
Wishing for You
My Cushion Girl
Operatic Jazzing Ball
Joy Bells
I Mean to Say
Doff
The Story of My Life
Notes
References
1919 musicals
West End musicals
Benjamin Ward Gannon ( born 5 September 1975 ) is an English cricketer . They are a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler .
Education
They were educated at Abingdon School . They were the leading wicket taker for the School 's first XI in 1993 taking 46 wickets at an average of 10.37 and was awarded Colours that season .
Cricket career
Gannon 's debut in the Second XI championship came courtesy of a Gloucestershire XI match against Middlesex , however , Gannon took no part in the match , at no time being called to bat or bowl .
In their first-class debut for Gloucestershire in May 1999 , in a County Championship match against Glamorgan , they bowled six wickets for eighty runs in their very first innings , despite seeing their team go down by 172 runs . They were to follow this up in the second innings by the wicket of Adrian Dale , who had made 113 runs before succumbing to a catch .
Playing for Gloucestershire in First Class and List A cricket between 1999 and 2002 , they later switched to Middlesex , who , at the time they moved in mid-2002 , were in the second division , but with whom they managed to secure a place into Division One .
They had previously represented Gloucestershire in matches against International `` A '' -teams , Sri Lanka and New Zealand in 1999 and 2000 .
Retirement
Gannon became a sports teacher at Wycliffe College and has a weekly column for the Stroud News and Journal local newspaper . They also play cricket for Frocester Cricket Club in the West of England Premier League along with Mark Hardinges and Nick Trainor . In 2015 they were a commercial sports manager at Wycliffe College and a business development manager for Red Rainbow Cricket .
See also
List of Old Abingdonians
References
External links
Ben Gannon at Cricket Archive
1975 births
Living people
Gloucestershire cricketers
Middlesex cricketers
English cricketers
Herefordshire cricketers
NBC Denis Compton Award recipients
People educated at Abingdon School
Slade Green is an area of South East London , England , within the London Borough of Bexley and the historic county of Kent . It lies northeast of Bexleyheath , northwest of Dartford and south of Erith , and east-southeast of Charing Cross .
History and development
Etymology
An Anglo-Saxon dictionary asserts that `` Slade '' most commonly meant a broad strip of grass-covered land . The London Borough of Bexley suggests the current name most likely derives from Saxon `` Slade '' , with their definition being low-lying ground . An alternative is the Viking `` Slad '' , meaning a place for launching boats . Most sources agree that `` Green '' was added to reflect the deep colour of the grass-covered ground . Sources differ on when Slade Green was first mentioned with one suggesting the 16th Century .
Prehistory
Collectors such as Flaxman Charles John Spurrell discovered diverse palaeolithic fossils around Slade Green , along with flint artefacts that provide evidence of prehistoric human habitation . Pre-war maps indicate a barrow stood near the current Hazel Drive children 's play area , and the Museum of London Archaeological Service revealed the presence of a prehistoric cookery pit at Hollywood Way .
Medieval
Some sources claim the area is recorded in the Domesday book as Hov , and others suggest this was Hou ( later Howbury ) . An early translation states that Howbury was a hamlet on the bank of River Darent , which is approximately 1 km east of the small Slade Green hamlet recorded by 19th Century geographers . According to Bexley borough council , this medieval hamlet was held by Askell . Askell the Priest from Abingdon Abbey held estates in various parts of England and bequeathed titles to Hugh d'Avranches , Earl of Chester .
A moated seigneurial residence was built much closer Slade Green in the High Middle Ages , with its country house completed during the English Renaissance , and these structures were named Howbury Manor . An adjacent tithe barn , with 17th Century styling , has not been accurately dated . Surrounding green belt marshes contain willows thought to have been planted over 300 years ago to shelter livestock .
See also History of Kent and Kingdom of Kent
Victorian
The communities of North End and Slades Green ( formerly Slads Green ) had remained disjointed throughout the agricultural revolution . Samuel Lewis ' 1848 “ A Topographical Dictionary of England ” states that Slades Green was the smaller hamlet with 66 people . While judicial , political and cultural boundaries are continually revised to address various concerns , the tracks of the North Kent Line have been the immovable border between North End and Slade Green since circa 1849 .
Evidence suggests the region remained sparsely populated yet highly productive throughout the industrial revolution . The 1869-1882 Ordnance Survey recorded a particularly large “ Sladesgreen Farm ” with its south-west corner occupied by “ The Corner Pin ” beerhouse . The pub was demolished and rebuilt in 1958 . The surrounding area was affectionately known locally as “ Cabbage Island ” in reference to the market gardens located between Moat Lane ( formerly Whitehall Lane ) and Slade Green Road ( formerly Slade Green Lane ) . Victorian photographic evidence captures the high crop yield of these agricultural gardens at Slade Green . Historic maps also chronicle an increasing number of clay pits along the railway on the North End side of the tracks . Marshes are a natural source of clays and brick earths , and local firms produced large numbers of London stock bricks throughout the 19th Century . “ Furner of Slade Green “ operated the North End brickworks from 1867 to 1911 . Slade Green gained a National School in 1868 , and became a village when St. Augustine 's Church opened in 1899 .
The isolated Crayford Marshes , which could support barges along the Rivers Thames and Darent , were seen as an ideal location for the 40 acre ammunition works that may have operated from 1879 to 1962 . Noted mechanical engineer , Hugh Ticehurst MBE , worked at the site from 1893 to 1930 . A comparison of historic and contemporary maps confirms that the boundaries of the Victorian site outline the current Darent Industrial Estate or Crayford Ness Industrial Area .
Edwardian
Rapid expansion followed the construction of a major rail depot designed to service 100 steam locomotives for South Eastern and Chatham Railway . A small station was added to serve the depot and community on 1 July 1900 ( its name changed from Slades Green stations to Slade Green station in 1953 ) , and by 1910 the complete 'railway village ' of 158 houses had been built . It follows that today 's much larger and more densely populated Slade Green could be described as a railway town .
By 1902 the secure Thames Munition Works was operated by Armstrong Whitworth and equipped with a Thames peer connected to an internal railway .
Bexley borough 's archived photos suggest the significance of the village had increased by 1905 and that it had absorbed historically important Howbury Manor .
First World War
NTWFF Erith , a National Trench Warfare Filling Factory , was constructed next to the larger Thames Munition Works in 1915 . For a short time a mortar filling station was connected to Slade Green station by the 1½ mile “ Trench Warfare Light Railway ” .
Miss Mary Edith Sheffield , identified only as a superintendent at the Thames Ammunition Works in the Crayford Marshes adjacent to Slade Green , was awarded MBE in King George V 's 1918 Birthday Honours .
Interwar
Slade Green endured a national tragedy . En-masse explosions at a former Trench Warfare Filling Factory operated by Messrs. W.V . Gilbert , a contractor to the Disposal and Liquidation Commission , caused blinding flashes and the death of 13 workers on 19 February 1924 . The W.V . Gilbert factory was near to or adjoining Thames Munition Works . The parliamentary debate that followed showed that the contract did not require a Fair Wages Clause , and was exempt from the provisions of the Explosives Act of 1875 . A prominent mass grave at Northumberland Heath stands in memory of the victims .
Development may have stagnated in the interwar years . Records show a Baptist Church was built on Elm road in the early 1930s , and Anti-Aircraft defences were constructed on the edge of Slade Green in the late 1930s .
Variant spelling persisted as evidenced by Parliament recording `` Slade Green '' in 1924 and at least one chartered geographer recording `` Slades Green '' in 1933 . Thames Munition Works Ltd. became part of the Vickers-Armstrongs conglomerate in 1927 .
Second World War
Throughout Second World War the marshes were used for the 4.5-inch HAA Guns of the 6th Anti-Aircraft Division , corresponding with No . 11 Group RAF . The 4th Home Counties Brigade ( Kent ) formed from volunteers in the surrounding area in 1908 , deployed overseas , and manned London 's air defences at Slade Green in 1941 . The disused command post and circular battery ramparts remain in the marshes between Slade Green and the former munition works . Slade Green was subject to a series of air raids , notably the night of 16 April 1941 when incendiary raids caused many fires and explosions capable of levelling the area ; these threats were contained by the brave intervention of residents resulting in the award of three British Empire Medals and a George Medal . The Museum of London states that Howbury Manor House , pictured within the moated medieval walls , was bombed during an air raid and then demolished . RAF campaign diaries show Thames Ammunition Works was hit on 12 October 1940 . During the war the community was served by a British Restaurant operating from St. Augustine 's Church Hall , which supplied up to 250 lunches six days a week to residents , the school , and nearby factories .
Postwar
Aerial photographs taken during the North Sea flood of 1953 show the Thames Munition Works . Explosives operations ended in the 1960s , and Bexley borough council gave planning permission for an industrial estate on the site in the 1970s .
Slade Green emerged as a London suburb in the post-war era following the construction of at least 1050 new dwellings , and a road bridge spanning the North Kent Line .
Notable buildings and structures
The Scheduled Ancient Monument known as Howbury Moat or Howbury Manor ( c.900 ) , and a Grade II Listed Tithe Barn ( c.1600s ) , are located between Slade Green and Crayford Marshes . According to Historic England , the interior of the medieval moated site includes a 16th or 17th century country house , with some significant surviving architectural details , and it appears to the Secretary of State to be of national importance . Holders of the Manor of Howbury included Bishop Odo , Roger Apylton ( aka Appleton ) and Sir Cloudesley Shovell . After Apylton had May Place built in Crayford , occupants of the moated site were tenant farmers , and after the building of a new house ( Howbury Grange ) for the tenant farmer in 1882 , by farm labourers , until the building was condemned in 1934 . Photographic evidence from 1935 provides a glimpse of Howbury Manor House , which was bombed and demolished during WW2 . In 2006 the medieval moat site was the subject of an English Heritage sponsored research project by the University of Oxford 's Geography Department into techniques of Soft Wall Capping for preservation purposes .
Following an investigation by English Heritage , the Department for Culture , Media and Sport listed the Second World War anti-aircraft batteries in Slade Green 's London artillery zone .
Locally listed buildings are the former Railway Tavern , the Grange and Cottages at Howbury farm , and train sheds with works . Oak Road is a conservation area with Railway workers ' cottages dating to 1900 . The former Railway Tavern ( 1a Moat Lane ) , built by Smith & Sons of South Norwood around 1899 , was notable for being illuminated by electricity .
St. Augustine 's Church was built in 1899 and extended in 1911 . Substantial rebuilding was required following a direct hit during a Second World War air raid in 1944 , and following a fire in 1991 that destroyed the roof along with much of the internal fabric .
Present and future
Social
In 2013 the Communities Secretary recognised the endurance of historic county borders . Slade Green is in the historic county of Kent , and Slade Green is not in the current non-metropolitan county of Kent .
The Howbury Centre was replaced with a new Slade Green & Howbury Community Centre in 2014 , which hosts the public library and many social activities .
Churches include a Baptist Union Christian Fellowship , and St Augustine 's Anglican parish church ; a third Pentecostal church meets in the Anglican church hall .
There are two pubs , and other bars at the Slade Green Railway Club and Erith Yacht Club . The latter relocated from Erith to a site on the edge of Slade Green in 1900 . Slade Green F.C . last competed in 2009 .
Environment
The adjacent Crayford Marshes have been recognised as ecologically significant since circa 1980 and are now designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest . The area is popular with bird watchers and video footage shows breeding seals on the waterfront . Bexley borough council has discussed intentions to meet the needs of residents as well as the needs of protected amphibians and reptiles . The site of listed HAA batteries is managed by the London Wildlife Trust .
Development
Slade Green is identified in the London Plan as being part of Bexley Riverside and has continued as a target for urban regeneration since at least 2011 . Current applications include converting rail-side scrubland into modern housing .
Nature conservation at Crayford Ness requires Bexley council to normally resist developments that increase lorry traffic around Slade Green . The town is increasingly a mix of privately owned residential properties benefiting from short commuting times to the City of London . Local industry is confined to the site of the old works and areas adjacent to the large railway carriage depot .
Various types of investors are attracted to Slade Green 's unique combination of strategic rail infrastructure and close proximity to national road network via the M25 at the Dartford Crossing . Some commercial developments immediately outside Slade Green are influenced by London Assembly 's Bexley Riverside Opportunity and Intensification Area .
Local governance
Slade Green is in the electoral ward of North End in the UK Parliament constituency of Bexleyheath and Crayford . Slade Green is represented at the London Assembly by Bexley and Bromley .
Slade Green was part of Dartford Rural District in Kent , as created by the Local Government Act 1894 . In 1920 the area became part of the Crayford Urban District of Kent .
In 1965 , under the London Government Act 1963 , the Crayford Urban District was abolished and its area became part of the present-day London Borough of Bexley in Greater London .
Education
Primary
Slade Green contains one of two campuses in Haberdashers ' Crayford Temple Grove Primary , which is part of Haberdashers ' Crayford Academy . Ofsted 's report shows the larger Crayford Academy is a good school , with an increasing number of students at Slade Green making good progress . The nearest faith schools for this age group are operated by Trinitas Academy Trust . These primary schools include Christ Church ( CofE ) , which Ofsted reports as outstanding , and St. Paul 's ( CofE ) that has yet to be inspected .
Secondary
Slade Green Secondary School , later known as Howbury Grange , closed in 1992 and Bexley Council 's Secondary Pupil Referral Unit closed in 2008 . The nearest secondary schools are Haberdashers ' Crayford Academy , King Henry School , Dartford Grammar School , and Dartford Grammar School for Girls .
Places of worship
St. Augustine 's Church ( Anglican )
Slade Green Christian Fellowship ( Baptist )
Geography
Transport
Road
Slade Green adjoins the main A206 dual carriageway , which follows the River Thames to Greenwich passing near the Blackwall Tunnel . Another efficient route to inner London is the A2 road via Crayford and Hall Place . In the opposite direction , the A206 road terminates near Bluewater after feeding Junction 1A of the M25 motorway .
Rail
Slade Green railway station provides the area with National Rail services to Luton via Woolwich Arsenal and London Blackfriars , London Charing Cross via Woolwich Arsenal and Lewisham , London Cannon Street via Woolwich Arsenal , London Cannon Street via Bexleyheath , London Cannon Street via Sidcup , Dartford and Rainham .
Bus
Slade Green is served by London Buses routes 89 , 99 , 428 and N89 . These connect Slade Green with areas including Bexleyheath , Blackheath , Bluewater , Crayford , Dartford , Erith , Lewisham , Sidcup , Welling and Woolwich .
References
Areas of London
Districts of the London Borough of Bexley
The Delaware Fightin ' Blue Hens football team , representing the University of Delaware , has had 29 players drafted into the National Football League ( NFL ) since the league began holding drafts in 1936 . This includes one player taken in the first round , Joe Flacco in the 2008 NFL Draft . The Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders franchise has drafted the most Fightin ' Blue Hens with five . Fifteen NFL teams have drafted at least one player from Delaware . Two former Blue Hens have been selected to Pro Bowls : Rich Gannon , who earned four selections as a member of the Raiders after being selected in the fourth round of the 1987 NFL draft by the New England Patriots , and Mike Adams , who earned two selections as a member of the Indianapolis Colts after going undrafted in 2004 .
Each NFL franchise seeks to add new players through the annual NFL Draft . The draft rules were last updated in 2009 . The team with the worst record the previous year picks first , the next-worst team second , and so on . Teams that did not make the playoffs are ordered by their regular-season record with any remaining ties broken by strength of schedule . Playoff participants are sequenced after non-playoff teams , based on their round of elimination ( wild card , division , conference , and Super Bowl ) .
Before the merger agreements in 1966 , the American Football League ( AFL ) operated in direct competition with the NFL and held a separate draft . This led to a massive bidding war over top prospects between the two leagues . As part of the merger agreement on June 8 , 1966 , the two leagues would hold a multiple round `` Common Draft '' . Once the AFL officially merged with the NFL in 1970 , the `` Common Draft '' simply became the NFL Draft .
Key
Selections
American Football League
National Football League
Notes
References
General
Specific
Delaware Fightin ' Blue Hens
Delaware Fightin ' Blue Hens NFL Draft
Gnocchi ( , , ; singular gnocco ) are a varied family of dumpling in Italian cuisine . They are made of small lumps of dough most traditionally composed of a simple combination of wheat flour , egg , salt , and potato . Variations of the dish exist , where individuals often supplement the simple recipe with flavour additives , such as semolina flour , cheese , breadcrumbs , cornmeal or similar ingredients , and possibly including herbs , vegetables , and other ingredients . Base ingredients may be substituted with alternatives - sweet potatoes for potatoes or rice flour for wheat flour , as examples . Such variations are often considered to be non-traditional .
The dough for gnocchi is most often rolled out before it is cut into small pieces about the size of a wine cork or smaller . The dumplings may be pressed with textured object , such as a fork or a cheese grater to make ridges or cut into little lumps . Professional tools do exist for this purpose , known as a gnocchi board or a cavarola board . Gnocchi are usually eaten as a first course , but they can also be served as a contorno ( side dish ) to some main courses .
Gnocchi vary in recipe and name across different regions . For example , Lombard and Tuscan malfatti ( literally poorly made ) are made with ricotta , flour and spinach , as well as the addition of various other herbs if required . Tuscan gnudi distinctively contains less flour ; but some varieties are flour-based , like the Campanian strangulaprievete , the Apulian cavatelli , the Sardinian malloreddus , and so on . Gnocchi are commonly cooked on their own in salted boiling water and then dressed with various sauces . But certain kinds are made of cooked polenta or semolina , which is spread out to dry , layered with cheese and butter , and baked .
Gnocchi are eaten as a first course ( primo piatto ) as an alternative to soups ( minestre ) or pasta . Common accompaniments of gnocchi include melted butter with sage , pesto , as well as various sauces . Gnocchi may be home-made , made by specialty stores , or produced industrially and distributed refrigerated , dried , or frozen . Most gnocchi are boiled in water and then served with a sauce . Small soup gnocchi are sometimes made by pressing the dough through a coarse sieve or a perforated spoon .
Origin
The word gnocchi may be derived from the Italian word nocchio , meaning a knot in wood , or from nocca , meaning knuckle . It has been a traditional type of Italian pasta since Roman times . It was introduced by the Roman legions during the expansion of the empire into the countries of the European continent . One ancient Roman recipe consists of a semolina porridge-like dough mixed with eggs ; similar modern dishes include the baked gnocchi alla romana and Sardinian malloreddus which do not contain eggs .
After potatoes were introduced to Europe , they were eventually incorporated into gnocchi recipes . Potato gnocchi are particularly popular in Abruzzo , Friuli-Venezia Giulia , Veneto , and Lazio .
Manufacturing and packaging
Storing and packaging
Gnocchi that are home-made are usually consumed on the same day that they are made . However , they can be cut into bite-sized dumplings , spread evenly on a baking sheet , frozen , then packaged in an air-tight bag and back into the freezer for later consumption . This method can allow the gnocchi to last upwards of 2 months in the freezer .
Commercial gnocchi are often sold under modified atmospheric packaging , and may achieve a shelf life of two weeks or more under refrigeration . Some are sold in vacuum packaging that is shelf-stable , only needing refrigeration once it is opened .
Regional varieties
Gnocchi di pane ( literally `` bread lumps '' ) , derived from the Semmelknödel , is made from breadcrumbs and is popular in Friuli-Venezia Giulia , Veneto and Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol . Another variety from the latter region is spinach gnocchi .
Austria
In Austria , gnocchi are a common main or side dish , known by the original name and Austrian variant , nockerl ( pl . nockerln ) . As a side dish , they may accompany main dishes like goulash .
Croatia
Gnocchi are very popular and often served as a dish in coastal Croatia , typically being served as a first course or a side dish with Dalmatinska pašticada . The Croatian name for gnocchi is 'njoki ' .
Slovenia
Gnocchi , known locally as `` njoki '' , are common in Slovenia 's Primorska region , which shares many of its culinary traditions with neighboring Italy .
Poland
An almost identical creation are 'kluski leniwe ' ( `` lazy dumplings '' ) , but these do not contain egg . Often they are seasoned with various spices like pepper , cinnamon or allspice . Similar in shape are kopytka ( `` hooves '' ) , simple dough dumplings in the shape of a diamond , which do not contain cheese . Both are often served with sour cream , butter , caramelized onion , mushroom sauce , or gravy .
France
The name is also used in France in the dish known as gnocchis à la parisienne , a hot dish comprising gnocchi formed of choux pastry served with Béchamel sauce . A specialty of Nice , the gnocchi de tantifla a la nissarda , is made with potatoes , wheat flour , eggs and blette ( Swiss chard ) , which is also used for the tourte de blette . La merda dé can is longer than the original gnocchi .
South America
Due to the significant number of Italian immigrants who arrived in Argentina , Paraguay and Uruguay , gnocchi , ñoqui ( Spanish , ) or nhoque ( Portuguese , ) is a popular dish , even in areas with few Italian immigrants . In Uruguay , Paraguay , and Argentina there is a tradition of eating gnocchi on the 29th of each month , with some people putting money beneath their plates to bring prosperity . Indeed , in Argentina and Uruguay ñoqui is slang for a bogus employee ( according to corrupt accountancy practices , or , in the public sector , the distribution of political patronage ) , who only turns up at the end of the month to receive their salary .
Gallery
See also
List of dumplings
List of pastas
Schupfnudel
References
Further reading
Davidson , Alan . The Oxford Companion to Food , s.v . gnocchi .
Jenkins , Nancy Harmon . Flavors of Tuscany . 1998 .
Garnerone , Myriam . `` Traditions et Cuisine du pays niçois , Recettes Niçoises de nos Grands-Mères '' . 2008 .
Dumplings
Italian cuisine
French cuisine
Austrian cuisine
Croatian cuisine
Slovenian cuisine
Brazilian cuisine
Argentine cuisine
Uruguayan cuisine
Paraguayan cuisine
Golshanabad ( , also Romanized as Golshanābād ) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 192 , in 46 families .
References
Populated places in Arak County
Radical 41 or radical inch ( ) meaning `` thumb '' or `` inch '' is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals total ) composed of three strokes .
In the Kangxi Dictionary , there are 40 characters ( out of 49,030 ) to be found under this radical .
is also the 31st indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China .
Evolution
Derived characters
See also
Cun ( unit )
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5BF8
041
031
The Last Alliance is the fifth album by the Finnish heavy metal band Battlelore , released in 2008 . It was issued as a jewel case CD and a digipack with a bonus DVD featuring footage of a live show at Metal Female Voices Fest in Wieze , Belgium in 2007 .
It peaked at position 26 in The Official Finnish Charts .
Track listing
All music and lyrics by Battlelore .
Bonus DVD
`` Ghân of the Woods ''
`` Ocean 's Elysium ''
`` Into the New World ''
`` Buccaneers Inn ''
`` We Are the Legions ''
`` House of Heroes ''
`` Beneath the Waves ''
`` Sons of Riddermark ''
Credits
Band members
Kaisa Jouhki - vocals
Tomi Mykkänen - vocals
Jussi Rautio - guitar
Jyri Vahvanen - guitar
Timo Honkanen - bass
Henri Vahvanen - drums
Maria Honkanen - keyboards , flute
Production
Janne Saksa - producer , engineer
Dan Swanö - mixing , mastering
Lyrical references
`` Third Immortal '' deals with the wizard Radagast and their part in the defeat of Saruman .
`` Exile the Daystar '' describes the effects of the Sun on the creatures of the dark .
`` The Great Gathering '' is about the last alliance against Sauron at the end of the Second Age .
`` Guardians '' makes reference to the eagles of Middle-Earth .
`` Voice of the Fallen '' tells the story of the Mouth of Sauron .
`` Daughter of the Sun '' is about Éowyn .
`` Green Dragon '' is about the Green Dragon inn in Bywater .
`` Awakening '' describes the creation of the Dwarves by the Vala Aulë .
`` Epic Dreams '' deals with the dreams sent by the Vala Ulmo to the elven kings Turgon and Finrod Felagund .
`` Moontower '' tells the story of Minas Ithil , the Tower of the Rising Moon .
`` The Star of High Hope '' is about the voyages of Eärendil .
See also
The Last Alliance ( band )
References
External links
Battlelore Official Homepage
Battlelore albums
Napalm Records albums
2008 albums
Albums produced by Dan Swanö
Carlos Mugica ( October 7 , 1930 – May 11 , 1974 ) was an Argentine Roman Catholic priest and activist .
Life and times
Early life
Carlos Francisco Sergio Mugica was born in Buenos Aires , in 1930 , into a privileged background . Their father , Adolfo Mugica , had been one of the founders of the National Democratic Party ( opponents of suffrage activist and populist President Hipólito Yrigoyen ) , and their mother was Carmen Echagüe – themselves born to one of Argentina 's premier landowners . Mugica was the only one of seven siblings to have completed both their primary and secondary education in secular schools , and they graduated from the prestigious public college preparatory school , the Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires .
Mugica enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires in 1949 and was accepted into its law school ; but in 1952 , following a year in Europe , they resolved to enter the priesthood .
They entered the Villa Devoto Seminary and in 1954 was assigned to the Parish of Saint Rose of Lima , from where they began ministering to the faithful in tenements in Buenos Aires ' working-class Constitución area . They contributed articles and commentary to the ecclesiastical Seminario magazine from 1957 and in 1959 , was ordained as a priest by the local Roman Catholic Church .
The priesthood and work among the poor
They spent most of 1960 in a parish in Chaco Province ( one of Argentina 's least developed ) , and was then appointed vicar for the Archbishop of Buenos Aires , Antonio Cardinal Caggiano . Cardinal Caggiano assigned their new vicar to a number of both Catholic and secular institutions , including the University of Buenos Aires , where they sponsored a 1965 symposium , `` Dialogue between Catholics and Marxists . '' They taught as Professor of Theology , Child Psychology and Law in the prominent Universidad del Salvador , and became known for their weekly homilies on the Municipal Radio station . Mugica , however , also accepted the post of chaplain at the Paulina de Mallinkrodt School – a charitable institution within the slum adjacent to the city 's port .
Mugica became a regular guest at the leftist Young Catholic Students organization ( JEC ) , with whom they worked in a rural Santa Fe Province mission . A number of the JEC 's membership , however , formed the violent Montoneros organization in 1968 , and Mugica took some distance from these individuals , though they stopped short of breaking with them entirely . They were increasingly at odds with conservatives both in the University of Buenos Aires faculty ( notably executive and Agricultural Law Professor José Alfredo Martínez de Hoz ) and in the local archdiocese ( particularly Bishop Juan Carlos Aramburu , who increasingly managed the aging Cardinal Caggiano 's activities ) . These frictions were exacerbated by Mugica 's 1967 mission to Bolivia for the sake of recovering revolutionary Che Guevara 's remains .
A Third World priest
They stayed in Paris in support of the historic May 1968 protests . During that stay , they visited Argentina 's exiled populist leader , Juan Perón , in their Madrid home . Perón , who at the time was occupied with cultivating alliances with the far left in Argentina , spent ten days in Cuba with Father Mugica who , on their return to Paris , joined the Movement of Priests for the Third World .
Mugica 's growing involvement in politics led to their replacement at the Mallinkrodt school , whereby they obtained an appointment in the slum 's new `` Christ the Worker '' Chapel , as well as Cardinal Caggiano 's ordainment for the post . Continuing to teach university classes , they also served as vicar to the San Francisco Solano Parish in Buenos Aires ' working-class Villa Luro neighborhood . Their continued activism as a Third World Priest earned Bishop Armaburu 's growing opposition , however , and in 1970 , the Bishop banned the organization in the archdiocese . These differences reached a flash point when a fellow JEC priest , Father Alberto Carbone , was detained on charges of complicity in the Montoneros ' murder of former President Pedro Aramburu . Mugica increasingly became a target , being regularly criticized in more conservative Argentine newspapers for their `` justification of violence , '' as well as being put under surveillance by State Intelligence .
They defied orders by presiding over the September 1970 funerals of a number of executed Montoneros figures , which led to their suspension for 30 days by Bishop Aramburu . Following the suspension , Aramburu began actively pressing Mugica to renounce their vows , and they began taking increasingly intricate steps to conceal their whereabouts at night . Mugica improvised makeshift quarters at their parents ' Recoleta district apartment building ; but on July 2 , 1971 , a bomb exploded at the address . They then divided their time between the port-area slum and Monasterio Benedictino Santa María , Friar Mamerto Menapace 's Benedictine monastery in Los Toldos ( a pampas town well known for being the birthplace of former first lady Eva Perón ) . During a press conference following the blast , they declared that :
Distancing from the Clergy and Perón
Their sermons at the Christ the Worker Chapel enjoyed growing popularity , and were often visited by politicians , football players and other celebrities . The chapel received an impromptu visit on December 6 , 1972 , by Juan Perón , who had been allowed to temporarily return to Argentina by President Alejandro Lanusse ahead of upcoming elections . Within Perón 's Justicialist Party , Mugica was perhaps closest to Dr. Héctor Cámpora , a left-leaning dentist and longtime advisor to Perón whom the aging leader made the party 's nominee ; Cámpora offered Mugica a candidacy for a seat in Congress , which they refused . Peronists won the 1973 election handily , and though Cámpora took office on May 25 , Perón was the new government 's principal figure . Their ongoing manipulation of both the left and the right in their movement was illustrated by theirs allowing Cámpora to name Father Mugica as an unpaid , senior consultant to the powerful Minister of Social Welfare – a post Perón filled with their personal secretary and leading far-right voice , José López Rega .
López Rega used the important cabinet position ( and its control of 30 % of the national budget ) to organize and arm their Argentine Anticommunist Alliance ( Triple A ) . The resulting return of revenge killings between the Triple A against the left and the violence that resulted ( the Montoneros ' violence being more strategic , such as bombing buildings of transnational corporations funding the AAA and Right-wing violence ) led Mugica to leave their government post , as well as to break with the Montoneros , by December 1973 . They became the subject of increasingly heated political debate , and numerous unauthorized compilations of their works appeared – with each arranging their prolific past articles in the order most amenable to their agenda . Mugica 's repudiation of these did little to deter the practice , and they accepted RCA Victor 's offer to create a recorded version of their recently written Mass for the Third World . The reading , set to indigenous music and chorus , was ordered destroyed by the government of Isabel Perón in early 1975 , however .
Assassination
Amid frequent death threats and warnings of their imminent defrocking by Bishop Aramburu , they retreated briefly to Los Toldos in April . They then returned to Buenos Aires , where they resumed their daily schedule of services . Following Saturday morning services on May 11 at the San Francisco Solano Parish , Rodolfo Almirón , an operative of the Argentine Anticommunist Alliance ( AAA ) , discharged five shots of a Mac-10 pistol into Father Mugica ; they did not immediately die from their wounds and was rushed to a nearby hospital , where their last words were to a nurse : Now more than ever , we must be with the people .
The assassination is depicted the 2019 drama film The Two Popes , with Mugica played by Hernán Acentares in a non-speaking role .
References
1930 births
1974 deaths
Clergy from Buenos Aires
20th-century Argentine Roman Catholic priests
Argentine people of Basque descent
Liberation theologians
Argentine anti-poverty advocates
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Assassinated activists
People murdered in Argentina
Deaths by firearm in Argentina
Silent Movies are 13 solo guitar compositions by Marc Ribot released September 28 , 2010 on Pi Recordings .
Reception
The album received universal acclaim , with Metacritic giving it a score of 87 % from 7 reviews . The AllMusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars , stating , `` For those interested in one of the more compelling and quietly provocative and graceful guitar records of 2010 , Silent Movies is well worth seeking out '' . PopMatters correspondent Will Layman said , `` Marc Ribot really ought to have the opportunity to score films more often , because the results can be breathtaking '' . Rolling Stone '' 's Will Hermes observed , `` he indulges the yearning melodic sensibility that hides hooks in even their noisiest recordings , and increasingly defines their playing '' .
Track listingAll compositions by Marc Ribot , aside from track 13 written by Hubert Giraud '' .
`` Variation 1 '' – 1:51
`` Delancey Waltz '' – 3:18
`` Flicker '' – 5:22
`` Empty '' – 2:04
`` Natalia in E-Flat Major '' – 5:16
`` Solaris '' – 3:47
`` Requiem for a Revolution '' – 5:31
`` Fat Man Blues '' – 4:49
`` Bateau '' – 4:59
`` Radio '' – 4:05
`` Postcards from N.Y. '' – 8:31
`` The Kid '' – 4:16
`` Sous le Ciel de Paris '' – 6:46
Personnel
Marc Ribot – guitar
JD Foster - producer
References
Marc Ribot albums
2010 albums
Pi Recordings albums
Sir John FitzGerald of Dromana ( – 1662 or 1664 ) was the last of the FitzGeralds of Dromana . They sat as MP for Dungarvan in the Irish Parliament of 1661–1666 .
Birth and origins
John was born about 1635 probably at Dromana , the only son of Gerald FitzGerald and their wife Mabel Digby . Their father was esquire of Dromana and styled Lord of the Decies . Their family was a cadet branch of the FitzGerald of Desmond , an Irish Old English family . The Dromana branch started when Gerald FitzGerald , the second son of James FitzGerald , 6th Earl of Desmond ( d. 1462 ) was given Dromana as appanage .
Their mother was the second daughter of Sir Robert Digby and their wife Lettice Digby , 1st Baroness Offaly . Them family was English and Protestant .
Irish Wars
Their father was a protestant like their wife and sided with the government during the Irish Rebellion of 1641 and the ensuing Irish Confederate Wars . They died in 1643 in their early thirties , probably killed in action while fighting the Confederates . Dromana castle had been lost to the insurgents in 1642 or 1643 when their mother surrendered the castle to them . Murrough O'Brien , 6th Baron Inchiquin retook the castle in April 1647 .
First marriage and child
FitzGerald married first in 1658 Katharine , daughter of John Power , 5th Baron Curraghmore and sister of Richard Power , 1st Earl of Tyrone .
John and Katherine had an only daughter :
Katherine , rich heiress , who married first John Power , 2nd Earl of Tyrone , secondly Edward FitzGerald-Villiers , and thirdly William Steuart
FitzGerald 's first wife died on 22 August 1660 .
Second marriage
FitzGerald married secondly Helen , daughter of Donough MacCarty , 1st Earl of Clancarty . The marriage was childless .
House of Commons
When Charles II summoned the Irish Parliament of 1661–1666 , FitzGerald stood for Dungarvan Bourough and was elected as one of its two representatives .
Death
FitzGerald died in 1662 or 1664 .
Notes , citations , and sources
Notes
Citations
Sources
– N to R ( for Power )
Anglo-Irish families
FitzGerald dynasty
FitzGerald , John
Abram ( or Abraham ) Sanders Piatt ( May 2 , 1821 – March 23 , 1908 ) was a wealthy farmer , publisher , poet , politician , and soldier from southern Ohio who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War . They organized the only zouave regiment from Ohio and later led a brigade in the Army of the Potomac . In 1864 , they and their brother constructed the Piatt Castles , two sprawling chateaux near West Liberty , Ohio , that are still used today for weddings , meetings , retreats , and other social gatherings .
Early life and career
Piatt was born in Cincinnati , Ohio , to Benjamin McCullough Piatt and Elizabeth Barnett . Their father was a Federal Circuit Judge and entrepreneur engaged in land development and flat boat trade in Cincinnati , who moved their family to Logan County in 1828 .
On November 10 , 1840 , Piatt married their Kentucky-born first cousin Hannah Anna Piatt at the home of their grandfather , Federal Hall , Boone County , Kentucky . They eventually would have eight children . They attended what is now Xavier University before deciding to return home to the Mac-a-cheek Valley in Logan County , where they became a prosperous farmer . In 1846 , Piatt studied law briefly and began editing and publishing the local Mac-a-cheek Press newspaper .
Their brother Donn Piatt became a staff officer in the Union Army during the Civil War , and after the war edited and published `` The Capital , '' a weekly newspaper in Washington , D.C. that fiercely criticized the administration of President Grant .
Civil War
Piatt 's wife Anna died April 10 , 1861 , in Macochee , Ohio , as the American Civil War was beginning . A grief-stricken Abram became the colonel of the three-months ' 13th Ohio Infantry Regiment on April 30 , leaving their children in the care of a servant and their other family members . Later that summer , they raised a new three-years ' regiment , the 34th Ohio Infantry , and clothed and fed them for a month and six days with their own gold . The regiment became known as Piatt 's Zouaves for their early war red pants and zouave attire . Piatt also raised and equipped the 54th Ohio Infantry , which went into the field under the command of Thomas Kilby Smith .
On September 1 , 1861 , Piatt and the 34th moved to Camp Dennison near Cincinnati . The regiment then was ordered to western Virginia later in the month . It received its baptism of fire from a Virginia Confederate regiment at Chapmanville , Virginia , on September 25 . During the fall and winter months , Piatt 's Zouaves were on picket and scouting duty , and engaged in occasional skirmishing with guerrillas . In May 1862 , the regiment had a sharp fight with the Confederate forces under Humphrey Marshall near Princeton .
In 1862 , Piatt was promoted to brigadier general and assigned command of the 1st Brigade , 1st Division , Headquarters , Mountain Department . Later serving in the Army of the Potomac , they saw action at the Second Battle of Bull Run that August .
During the Maryland Campaign in the fall of 1862 , Piatt and their regiment were detached from the Army of the Potomac and served in the Defenses of Washington , thereby missing the Battle of Antietam on September 17 . They badly injured their back when their horse stumbled and brought both of them to the ground during the Battle of Fredericksburg on December 12 , 1862 . As a result of their injury , they resigned from the army on February 17 , 1863 .
Postbellum career
Piatt returned to their home in Logan County and soon remarried and resumed farming . They and their brother both prospered and they built a pair of castles near West Liberty , Ohio .
Their brother Donn Piatt was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives , 1865–66 , and was the Washington correspondent of the Cincinnati Commercial from 1868-71 . They established and edited , with George Alfred Townsend , the Capital at Washington , D.C. , 1871–72 , and was its editor-in-chief , 1873-80 . They were arrested in 1876 by order of President Ulysses S. Grant on the charge of inciting the people through their paper to rebellion , insurrection and riot . They retired to their estate Mac-a-cheek in 1880 and devoted themselves to literary work . They edited Belford 's Magazine from 1888-89 .
Abram S. Piatt was a candidate for Ohio Governor in 1879 on the Greenback ticket .
Abram S. Piatt died in 1908 in Monroe Township from cancer and is buried in the nearby Piatt Cemetery .
See also
List of American Civil War generals ( Union )
Ohio in the American Civil War
References
Further reading
Bissland , James `` Blood , Tears , and Glory : How Ohioans Won the Civil War . '' Wilmington , Ohio : Orange Frazer Press , 2007. .
Reid , Whitelaw , Ohio in the War : Them Statesmen , Them Generals , and Soldiers . 2 vols . Cincinnati : Moore , Wilstach , & Baldwin , 1868 .
U.S. War Department , The War of the Rebellion : a Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies , U.S. Government Printing Office , 1880–1901 .
Warner , Ezra J. , Generals in Blue : The Lives of the Union Commanders , Louisiana State University Press , 1964 , .
Union Army generals
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Politicians from Cincinnati
People from Logan County , Ohio
19th-century American newspaper editors
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
1821 births
1908 deaths
Journalists from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Deaths from cancer in Ohio
Ohio Greenbacks
Syunya Mori is a former Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Japan . They currently race in the MFJ All Japan J-GP3 Championship aboard a Kawasaki Ninja 250 , and has previous competed in the MFJ All Japan Road Race GP125 Championship , the Asia Dream Cup and the Spanish 125GP Championship .
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Japanese motorcycle racers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Elections in Michigan are held to fill various local , state and federal seats . Special elections may be held to fill vacancies at other points in time .
In a 2020 study , Michigan was ranked as the 13th easiest state for citizens to vote in .
General elections
1980s-2000s
1984 presidential election
1988 presidential election
1992 presidential election
1996 presidential election
2000 presidential election
2004 presidential election
2006 gubernatorial election
2006 U.S. Senate election
2008 State House elections
2008 U.S. House elections
2008 U.S. Senate election
2008 presidential election
2010s
2010 U.S. House elections
2010 gubernatorial election
2012 U.S. House elections
2012 U.S. Senate election
2012 presidential election
2014 gubernatorial election
2014 U.S. House elections
2014 U.S. Senate election
2016 U.S. House elections
2016 presidential election
2018 gubernatorial election
2020s
2020 Michigan elections
2022 Michigan elections
Presidential primaries
2008 Democratic
2008 Republican
Ballot measures
List of Michigan ballot measures
1996 Proposal E
2004 Proposal 2
2006 Proposal 2
2012 ballot proposals
See also
Political party strength in Michigan
United States presidential elections in Michigan
Images
References
External links
Elections in Michigan from the Secretary of State official website
( State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters )
. ( Also : 1995 & 1996 , 1997 & 1998 , 1999 & 2000 , 2001 & 2002 , 2003 & 2004 , 2005 & 2006 , 2007 & 2008 , 2009 & 2010 , 2011 & 2012 , 2013 & 2014 , 2015 & 2016 , 2017 & 2018 ) .
Digital Public Library of America . Assorted materials related to Michigan elections
Government of Michigan
Political events in Michigan
Graph matching is the problem of finding a similarity between graphs .
Graphs are commonly used to encode structural information in many fields , including computer vision and pattern recognition , and graph matching is an important tool in these areas . In these areas it is commonly assumed that the comparison is between the data graph and the model graph .
The case of exact graph matching is known as the graph isomorphism problem . The problem of exact matching of a graph to a part of another graph is called subgraph isomorphism problem .
The inexact graph matching refers to matching problems when exact matching is impossible , e.g. , when the number of vertices in the two graphs are different . In this case it is required to find the best possible match . For example , in image recognition applications , the results of image segmentation in image processing typically produces data graphs with the numbers of vertices much larger than in the model graphs data expected to match against . In the case of attributed graphs , even if the numbers of vertices and edges are the same , the matching still may be only inexact .
Two categories of search methods are the ones based on identification of possible and impossible pairings of vertices between the two graphs and methods which formulate graph matching as an optimization problem . Graph edit distance is one of similarity measures suggested for graph matching . The class of algorithms is called error-tolerant graph matching .
See also
String matching
Pattern matching
References
Computational problems in graph theory
Pele Yoetz is a book of Jewish Musar literature ( Ethics ) first published in Constantinople in 1824 by Rabbi Eliezer Papo .
This book of musar ( ethics ) is not limited to abstract ethical precepts and esoteric concepts ; but rather it encompasses all aspects and phases of day-to-day Jewish living , the ritual as well as the ethical , the mundane as well as the sublime . The book offers advice on human interrelationships such as between parent and child , husband and wife , employer and employee . It speaks to the heart as well as the mind . It goes beyond abstract ethics concepts and presents a guide to Jewish living .
Pele Yoetz is a classical moral treatise and compilation of essential Jewish concepts organized according to topics following the order of the Hebrew alphabet .
References
Jewish literature
Ada Salter ( née Brown ; 20 July 1866 – 4 December 1942 ) was an English social reformer , environmentalist , pacifist and Quaker , President of the Women 's Labour League and President of the National Gardens Guild . They were one of the first women councillors in London , the first woman mayor in London and the first Labour woman mayor in the British Isles .
Early life and marriage
Ada Brown was born on 20 July 1866 into a Methodist family in Raunds , Northamptonshire . They had several sisters - Mary , Beatrice , Alice and Adelaide - and a brother , Richard , who became a minister in Lancaster . Ada Brown was active in the Methodist church and on the radical wing of the Liberal Party before they moved to London . There they joined the West London Mission in Bloomsbury to work as a 'Sister of the People ' in the slums of St Pancras . The Sisters were run by Katherine Hughes , wife of the mission 's founder Hugh Price Hughes and an inspirational Christian socialist in their own right . In 1897 , after the marriage of their sister Mary Baldwin , Ada transferred to the Bermondsey Settlement , in south-east London . There they met Alfred Salter , agnostic and socialist , a resident engaged in medical research into infectious diseases on a farm in Sudbury ( now Wembley ) , Middlesex . Under their influence Alfred converted to Christianity and joined the Liberal Party . They both committed to the Society of Friends ( Quakers ) and started to attend the Deptford Meeting . They were married in Raunds on 22 August 1900 .
Bermondsey
Ada had always insisted on living in the slums , among the poor , ever since arriving in London . Now they were equally insistent on staying in Bermondsey , a place they had fallen in love with despite its drab poverty . Alfred , who was such a brilliant doctor they could have made a fortune as a consultant , therefore set up a GP 's medical practice in Jamaica Road . They charged poorer patients only a small sum and the poorest nothing at all . Ada continued as a social worker at Bermondsey Settlement , where they already had a high reputation for the clubs they ran , especially those for the `` roughest and toughest '' of the teenage girls . In 1902 they temporarily gave up work when the couple 's only child , Ada Joyce , was born .
Ada was President of the Women 's Liberal Party in Bermondsey and Rotherhithe but in 1906 they left the Liberal Party when it failed to honour its promise of granting the vote to women and soon joined the Independent Labour Party . The ILP was the political party most favourable to the rights of women and wanted to stand women candidates , including Ada , at the next council elections . This put Alfred , a Liberal councillor on the London County Council ( LCC ) , into an awkward position . In 1908 therefore they also left the Liberals , to found an ILP branch in Bermondsey . Once again it was Ada who had blazed the trail for them to follow . In November 1909 Ada was elected to the borough council for the ILP , becoming the first woman councillor in Bermondsey , first Labour councillor in Bermondsey , and one of the first women councillors in London . However , in 1910 , personal tragedy struck when the Salters ' only child , Joyce , then eight years old , died of scarlet fever in one of the periodic epidemics that swept through the slums , having been infected twice before . Joyce 's photo was daily decorated with flowers and ivy leaves in Alfred 's study .
Ada responded by throwing themselves into the work of the Women 's Labour League , which they had co-founded in 1906 with Margaret MacDonald , wife of Labour 's rising star , James Ramsay MacDonald . They rose to be first its National Treasurer and then in 1914 its National President , the leader of all the Labour Party women in Britain . The WLL was not tied to any particular suffragist movement but Ada supported the non-violent Women 's Freedom League , led by their friend Charlotte Despard , rather than endorse the tactics of the Women 's Social and Political Union led by Emmeline Pankhurst .
In the WLL Ada did pioneer research work on social housing , seeking not only to demolish the slums but to put in their place model council houses ( often derided by their opponents as utopian ) built specifically with the needs of working-class women in mind . To expedite demolition , they and their WLL comrades called for a Green Belt around London , to absorb the excess population from the slums . Ada followed John Ruskin in believing that fresh air and contact with nature improved people not only physically but mentally and morally . They became a proponent of urban gardening , and a pioneer of organised campaigning against air pollution in London .
What brought them the greatest renown before 1914 was , however , the Bermondsey Uprising of 1911 . They had in 1910 started to recruit women in the local factories to a trade union , the National Federation of Women Workers , led by Mary Macarthur . At first the results were disappointing , but in August 1911 , 14,000 women walked out on strike in protest against terrible working conditions . They won . Ada was hailed by the ILP and the WLL as the inspiration of this big step forward for women 's rights at work ( though they were only one factor ) and for this , as well as for the huge organisational effort including what we would now consider as family food banks during the dockers ' strike of 1912 ( see Ben Tillett ) , they were honoured by the trade unions which are known today as Unite and the GMB . Ada spoke out for equality among workers , not just in the workplace but in the labour movement : “ When the trades union movement fully realises that all the workers , men and women , youth and maidens , were members one of another , then they will hear more than the rumble of revolution in the distance , the revolution will be here . ”
The Great War and pacifist work
Ada had always since their youth opposed war and becoming a Quaker had fortified their commitment to peace . For her , therefore , 1914 was a catastrophe . They were a founding member of the Women 's International League for Peace and Freedom ( WILPF ) and from 1916 they also worked with Alfred for the No Conscription Fellowship . Although the British government prevented them from attending the Hague peace conference in 1915 , they managed to reach Berne , Switzerland , as the representative of the ILP , to attend Third International Socialist Women 's Conference which organised opposition to the First World War . There they came up against Lenin , who was determined to get the conference to vote for armed revolution . Ada and the WLL delegate , Margaret Bondfield , stood their ground and Lenin was defeated . At the end of the war they were amongst the British delegations to the Women 's International League congresses in Zürich ( 1919 ) and Vienna . Them international position was that of the Vienna International , which tried to mediate between the Second International ( Labour ) and the Third International ( Communist ) but failed to reconcile them .
The great peace
Re-elected to Bermondsey Council in 1919 , Ada was appointed Mayor in 1922 , making them the first woman mayor in London and first Labour woman mayor in Britain . Ada refused all the trappings of mayoral insignia or robes , and replaced the Union Jack with a red flag with symbols of Bermondsey , St Olave and Rotherhithe on the town hall . They had launched in 1920 their famous Beautification Committee and now they launched their housing campaign , demolishing the slums that could be demolished and beautifying the slums that could not . By the 1930s they had planted 9000 trees , decorated buildings with window-boxes , and filled all open spaces with flowers , some 60,000 plants . Looking not only for beautification of streets but for beautification of every individual 's body , mind and soul , they organised all over the borough music concerts , art competitions , games , sports and children 's playgrounds . After a fierce political battle they built their beautiful 'utopian ' council houses in Wilson Grove , designed by Ewart Culpin , where they still stand today as exemplary housing . Them electoral results were phenomenal , regularly achieving the highest vote of any councillor in London . When their time in office was over they had hardly spent any of the mayoral 'expenses ' allowance . At the 1925 London County Council election , they were elected to represent Hackney South . In 1932 they were elected National President of the National Gardens Guild . Finally , after the 1934 London County Council election , when Labour led by Herbert Morrison took control , Ada was able to spread their green socialist ideals to every corner of the capital . The Green Belt was secured by law in 1938 .
Ada felt the 1939 war as much a catastrophe as the 1914 one . In 1942 , Ada and Alfred were bombed out of their home in Storks Road after refusing to leave Bermondsey to its fate , as others did . They died , cared for by their sisters , in Balham Park Road , Battersea , on 4 December 1942 and was accorded a Quaker funeral at Peckham Meeting-House , where they were an elder . There was also a memorial service at their Church of England parish church of St James Bermondsey . Them widower said a month later : `` The loneliness grows deeper and has not lessened in the slightest with the lapse of time . Sometimes it is almost unbearable , but I have to learn to bear it . ''
Personal beliefs
Ada Salter 's personal beliefs evolved from the social liberalism of Hugh and Katherine Hughes to the ethical socialism of the ILP . Like Alfred , they were an admirer of Giuseppe Mazzini and of their clarion call for the unity and equality of all humanity . This chimed in with their Quaker belief that `` there is something of God in everyone . '' In practice what they meant by 'ethical ' was human or humanitarian , and what they meant by 'socialism ' was a worldwide network of co-operative enterprises . They believed that people would become truly human only by valuing nature and valuing each other . On valuing nature their famous slogan was : `` The cultivation of flowers and trees is a civic duty . '' As for valuing others , they believed this depended not only on individual effort but also entailed the emancipation of women and workers , who ought to be natural allies against oppression . They believed too that ethical socialism secured personal happiness , provided that the ethical socialist followed what was true as well as valuing others : `` Act according to truth and principle . '' they advised , `` If one does that , there will be no need ever to be anxious or distraught . ''
After their death in the Friends ( Quakers ) Quarterly Examiner it was said : 'Socialism in action : that is what they are . ''
Memorials to Alfred and Ada Salter
A beautiful garden , overlooking a lake , designed and supervised by Ada herself , was opened in 1936 within Southwark Park , in the Old Surrey Docks area . It was spontaneously referred to by locals as the 'Ada Salter Garden ' and in 1943 the name was formally recognised by the LCC .
The Alfred Salter Primary School was opened in 1995 to meet the growing demand for school places in Rotherhithe , due to the redevelopment of the old docks . The Alfred Salter Bridge is a footbridge leading off Watermans Lane , between Stave Hill and Redriff Road , near Greenland Dock as part of the Russia Dock Woodland .
A set of statues was commissioned in 1991 , depicting Dr Salter sitting on a bench facing the Thames , little Joyce standing by the river , with a cat perched on the wall . In November 2011 these were stolen , presumably for the value of the bronze . The Salter Statues Campaign group raised £60,000 , which Southwark Council matched , to pay for replacement statues by Diane Gorvin , and these were unveiled on 30 November 2014 . Ada 's statue was only the 15th public statue in London to a woman .
A Salter Memorial Lecture is promoted by the Quaker Socialist Society each year as a fringe event at the Britain Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends ( Quakers ) .
In 2015 a play about Ada Salter , Red Flag over Bermondsey , by Lynn Morris was performed all over the country . In 2016 their first full biography appeared : Ada Salter , Pioneer of Ethical Socialism by Graham Taylor .
See also
List of peace activists
References
The above article is based almost entirely on Ada 's ODNB entry by Sybil Oldfield and Graham Taylor 's biography , Ada Salter : Pioneer of Ethical Socialism ( 2016 )
Bibliography
Brockway , Fenner : Bermondsey Story : the Life of Alfred Salter ( 1949 ) , Allen & Unwin .
Hannam , June & Hunt , Karen : Socialist Women : 1880s to 1920s ( 2002 )
Collette , Christine : The Newer Eve : Women , Feminists and the Labour Party ( 2009 ) .
Oldfield , Sybil : Salter , Ada ( 1866-1942 ) in Oxford Dictionary of National Biography .
Howell , David : Salter , Alfred ( 1873-1945 ) in Oxford Dictionary of National Biography .
Taylor , Graham : Ada Salter : Pioneer of Ethical Socialism ( 2016 ) , Lawrence & Wishart .
External links
1866 births
1942 deaths
Converts to Quakerism
English Christian socialists
English environmentalists
English pacifists
English Quakers
Quaker socialists
Members of London County Council
Members of Bermondsey Metropolitan Borough Council
Mayors of places in Greater London
People from Raunds
English socialist feminists
Female Christian socialists
Quaker feminists
Women councillors in England
In music , 72 equal temperament , called twelfth-tone , 72-TET , 72-EDO , or 72-ET , is the tempered scale derived by dividing the octave into twelfth-tones , or in other words 72 equal steps ( equal frequency ratios ) . Each step represents a frequency ratio of , or cents , which divides the 100 cent `` halftone '' into 6 equal parts ( 100 ÷ = 6 ) and is thus a `` twelfth-tone '' ( ) . Since 72 is divisible by 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 12 , 18 , 24 , 36 , and 72 , 72-EDO includes all those equal temperaments . Since it contains so many temperaments , 72-EDO contains at the same time tempered semitones , third-tones , quartertones and sixth-tones , which makes it a very versatile temperament .
This division of the octave has attracted much attention from tuning theorists , since on the one hand it subdivides the standard 12 equal temperament and on the other hand it accurately represents overtones up to the twelfth partial tone , and hence can be used for 11-limit music . It was theoreticized in the form of twelfth-tones by Alois Hába and Ivan Wyschnegradsky , who considered it as a good approach to the continuum of sound . 72-EDO is also cited among the divisions of the tone by Julián Carrillo , who preferred the sixteenth-tone as an approximation to continuous sound in discontinuous scales .
History and use
Byzantine music
The 72 equal temperament is used in Byzantine music theory , dividing the octave into 72 equal moria , which itself derives from interpretations of the theories of Aristoxenos , who used something similar . Although the 72 equal temperament is based on irrational intervals ( see above ) , as is the 12 tone equal temperament mostly commonly used in Western music ( and which is contained as a subset within 72 equal temperament ) , 72 equal temperament , as a much finer division of the octave , is an excellent tuning for both representing the division of the octave according to the diatonic and the chromatic genera in which intervals are based on ratios between notes , and for representing with great accuracy many rational intervals as well as irrational intervals .
Other history and use
A number of composers have made use of it , and these represent widely different points of view and types of musical practice . These include Alois Hába , Julián Carrillo , Ivan Wyschnegradsky and Iannis Xenakis .
Many other composers use it freely and intuitively , such as jazz musician Joe Maneri , and classically oriented composers such as Julia Werntz and others associated with the Boston Microtonal Society . Others , such as New York composer Joseph Pehrson are interested in it because it supports the use of miracle temperament , and still others simply because it approximates higher-limit just intonation , such as Ezra Sims and James Tenney . There was also an active Soviet school of 72 equal composers , with less familiar names : Evgeny Alexandrovich Murzin , Andrei Volkonsky , Nikolai Nikolsky , Eduard Artemiev , Alexander Nemtin , Andrei Eshpai , Gennady Gladkov , Pyotr Meshchianinov , and Stanislav Kreichi .
The ANS synthesizer uses 72 equal temperament .
Notation
The Maneri-Sims notation system designed for 72-et uses the accidentals and for -tone down and up ( 1 step = cents ) , and for down and up ( 2 steps = cents ) , and and for up and down ( 3 steps = 50 cents ) .
They may be combined with the traditional sharp and flat symbols ( 6 steps = 100 cents ) by being placed before them , for example : or , but without the intervening space . A tone may be one of the following , , , or ( 4 steps = ) while 5 steps may be , , or ( cents ) .
Interval size
Below are the sizes of some intervals ( common and esoteric ) in this tuning . For reference , differences of less than 5 cents are melodically imperceptible to most people :
Although 12-ET can be viewed as a subset of 72-ET , the closest matches to most commonly used intervals under 72-ET are distinct from the closest matches under 12-ET . For example , the major third of 12-ET , which is sharp , exists as the 24-step interval within 72-ET , but the 23-step interval is a much closer match to the 5:4 ratio of the just major third .
12-ET has a very good approximation for the perfect fifth ( third harmonic ) , especially for such a small number of steps per octave , but compared to the equally-tempered versions in 12-ET , the just major third ( fifth harmonic ) is off by about a sixth of a step , the seventh harmonic is off by about a third of a step , and the eleventh harmonic is off by about half of a step . This suggests that if each step of 12-ET were divided in six , the fifth , seventh , and eleventh harmonics would now be well-approximated , while 12-ET 's excellent approximation of the third harmonic would be retained . Indeed , all intervals involving harmonics up through the 11th are matched very closely in 72-ET ; no intervals formed as the difference of any two of these intervals are tempered out by this tuning system . Thus , 72-ET can be seen as offering an almost perfect approximation to 7- , 9- , and 11-limit music . When it comes to the higher harmonics , a number of intervals are still matched quite well , but some are tempered out . For instance , the comma 169:168 is tempered out , but other intervals involving the 13-th harmonic are distinguished .
Unlike tunings such as 31-ET and 41-ET , 72-ET contains many intervals which do not closely match any small-number ( < 16 ) harmonics in the harmonic series .
Scale diagram
Because 72-EDO contains 12-EDO , the scale of 12-EDO is in 72-EDO . However , the true scale can be approximated better by other intervals .
See also
Musical temperament
Equal temperament
References
External links
The Boston Microtonal Society official site
Sagittal.org
`` Sagittal notation '' , The Xenharmonic wiki
—symbols for Maneri-Sims notation and others
Byzantine Music Electroacoustic Music
Equal temperaments
Byzantine music
Microtonality
3000 Miles to Graceland is a 2001 American heist black action comedy film directed , co-written , and co-produced by Demian Lichtenstein . Lichtenstein co-wrote the script with Richard Recco . The film stars Kurt Russell , Kevin Costner , Courteney Cox , David Arquette , Bokeem Woodbine , Christian Slater , Kevin Pollak , and Daisy McCrackin .
3000 Miles to Graceland was released in the United States on February 23 , 2001 , by Warner Bros. Pictures . The film received mostly negative reviews by the critics and was a box office bomb making only $ 18.7 million against its $ 62 million budget .
Plot
Recent parolee Michael Zane stops at a run-down desert motel outside Las Vegas , Nevada . They catch a boy , Jesse , stealing from their car , and chases them back to their mother , Cybil Waingrow , who they seduce .
The following morning , four men arrive to pick up Michael : Murphy , Hanson , Gus , and Franklin . Dressed in Elvis costumes , the group goes to Las Vegas and robs a casino holding an Elvis convention . A firefight breaks out and Franklin is killed during their escape .
Back at the motel , Hanson and Murphy argue about Franklin 's share until Murphy shoots Hanson . Michael hides the money in the crawl space , unaware that Jesse is watching him . The three remaining thieves drive into the desert to bury Hanson . Murphy returns alone after shooting Gus and Michael , but crashes their car and is knocked unconscious before reaching the motel .
Michael was wearing a bulletproof vest and survived the shooting by playing dead . They make their way back to the motel and discovers that the money is missing . Guessing that Jesse was responsible , they storm into Cybil 's place and finds the money . They try to bribe Cybil to forget the situation , but eventually agrees to take Cybil and Jesse with him .
Michael explains that the money is marked , but says Murphy knows a money launderer in Idaho who can help . Murphy , realizing that Michael has taken the money , drives to Idaho to intercept him . At a restaurant , Cybil steals Michael 's wallet and sneaks away from Michael and Jesse . They take Michael 's car and calls the money launderer , Peterson , using a password they found in Michael 's wallet . Murphy appears at the money launderer 's premises using the same password . Peterson explains that Cybil called first , so they wait for them
Cybil arrives and finds Murphy , who they assume is Peterson . Michael and Jesse arrive later in a stolen car and find the premises empty except for the bodies of Peterson and their secretary . Michael guesses that Murphy has their car and reports it stolen , causing Murphy to be arrested . The police discover that Michael is also driving a stolen car and arrest them as well . The men are put in adjoining cells and have a confrontation .
Jesse helps Michael make bail after Michael agrees to make them their partner . Murphy calls a man named Jack who helps them make bail . Michael retrieves their car and finds Cybil tied up and gagged in the trunk . Murphy is picked up while hitchhiking , then kills the driver and steals their clothes and vehicle .
Cybil and Jesse drive by . Murphy runs them off the road , and takes Jesse hostage , telling Cybil to find Michael and the money . Cybil begs Michael for help . After some persuasion , Michael decides to help and reports Murphy to the authorities .
Michael meets Murphy at a warehouse with the money and convinces them to release Jesse . As Murphy realizes that the bag is full of cut-up newspaper instead of money , they are stung by a scorpion that Michael hid inside .
A SWAT team surrounds the warehouse . Murphy pretends to surrender but grabs a gun and shoots Michael . A gunfight ensues . Murphy refuses to surrender and is killed by police . An ambulance takes Michael for medical care , but is stolen by Cybil and Jesse . Once again , Michael wore a bulletproof vest , and is only slightly injured . The three escape together and are seen on Michael 's boat , the `` Graceland . ''
Cast
Production
Kurt Russell joined the film 's cast in January 2000 .
Title
The film 's title is a reference to Elvis Presley 's residence , Graceland , in Memphis , Tennessee . While attempting to capture Thomas J. Murphy , the U.S . Marshals ( correctly ) believe they are attempting to cross the border into Canada somewhere through Washington/Idaho/Montana , a distance which ( as stated by U.S . Marshal Quigley ) is `` 3000 miles to Graceland . '' Michael also seeks to escape by crossing the border into Canada through Washington .
Music
The film 's soundtrack consists of 14 tracks ; released by TVT Records on February 20 , 2001 .
`` Killing Time '' by Hed PE
`` It 's Gon na Kill Me '' by Filter
`` Bleeder '' by Nothingface
`` Mansion on the Hill '' by Alabama 3
`` Smartbomb '' by BT
`` In 2 Deep '' by Kenny Wayne Shepherd
`` Who 's Your Uncle ? '' by Uncle Kracker
`` Come in Hard '' by Hardknox
`` New Disease '' by Spineshank
`` Angel Dust '' by Bender
`` Vapor Trail '' by The Crystal Method
`` Loaded Gun '' by Hednoize
`` Franklin 's Requiem '' by George S. Clinton
`` Such a Night '' by Elvis Presley
Reception
Box office
The film was a box office bomb . It opened at # 3 at the North American box office , earning US $ 7,160,521 in its opening weekend behind Down to Earth and Hannibal .
Critical response
3000 Miles to Graceland received mostly negative reviews by critics . The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 14 % of critics gave the film a positive review based on a sample of 97 reviews , with an average score of 3.49/10 , with the consensus ; `` While the premise sounds promising , the movie turns out to be a tedious and unnecessarily violent heist movie that 's low on laughs and leaves no cliche unturned . '' Metacritic , which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 from reviews by mainstream critics , gave the film rating of 21 based on 30 reviews , indicating `` generally unfavorable reviews '' .
Accolades
The film was nominated for five Golden Raspberry Awards including Worst Picture , The Worst Actor ( Costner ) , Worst Supporting Actress ( Cox ) , The Worst Screenplay , and Worst Screen Couple ( Russell and either Costner or Cox ) but failed to win any of those categories . The film was also nominated for five Stinkers Bad Movie Awards including Worst Picture , The Worst Actor ( Costner ) , Worst Supporting Actress , Most Annoying Fake Accent – Female ( Cox ) , and Most Annoying On-Screen Group ( The Elvis Impersonators ) but failed to win any of those categories .
References
External links
2001 films
2001 action films
2001 black comedy films
2001 crime thriller films
2000s action films
2000s black comedy films
2000s chase films
2000s crime thriller films
2000s English-language films
2000s heist films
2000s road movies
American action films
American black comedy films
American crime thriller films
American heist films
American road movies
Cultural depictions of Elvis Presley
Films about child abduction in the United States
Films about families
Films set in Idaho
Films set in the Las Vegas Valley
Films set in Seattle
Films shot in British Columbia
Franchise Pictures films
Morgan Creek Productions films
Warner Bros. films
United States Marshals Service in fiction
Films produced by Elie Samaha
Films scored by George S. Clinton
2000s American films
The Women 's Army Corps ( Kowad ) is the official administrative formation of women in active service in the combat , combat support and service support formations of the Indonesian Army .
Brief history
In 1959 , with Sukarno 's guided democracy policies now in force , the National Armed Forces considered making a historic decision to finally enlist women to serve in its ranks . For many years before , during and after the Indonesian National Revolution , many women fought as either individual rebels or as part of rebel formations that fought for Indonesia 's independence from the rule of the Dutch and many women had even made societal advances for various causes , including feminism and the economic and social scene . The rights of women were one of the many rights fought for by the pioneer generations of Indonesian nationalists . For these reasons and others , Colonel Dr. Sumarno , then assistant chief of staff of personnel of the Indonesian Army , conveyed their ideas of the service of women for certain fields of assignment that required precision , perseverance , patience , and maternal qualities that became the nature of women to better achieve organizational affiliation within the ranks of the regular Army and in the reserves . On 21 December 1960 , by virtue of General Orders No.1056/12/1960 by the Commander of the National Armed Forces and Minister of Defense , General Abdul Haris Nasution , who was also then concurrently the chief of staff of the Army , the Women 's Army Corps was officially created as a specialty arm of the Army for the volunteer service of women in military service as officers , warrant officers , non-commissioned officers and enlisted servicewomen , making Indonesia one of the first Southeast Asian countries to admit women for volunteer military service in the military .
Because December 22 , 1938 , the date now held as Mother 's Day , was the day of the First Women 's Congress that was held in Indonesian territory ( then the Netherlands East Indies ) in 1938 , it was later designated as the official Corps Day , honoring the military mothers and women who through their works and actions not just ensured the independence and sovereignty of the Republic against foreign aggression , but also contributed to their defense , stability , progress and prosperity in all works of endeavor regardless of their religion , ethnic origin and way of life , including as servicewomen in the ranks of the Army .
On October 5 , 1963 , the KOWAD made its first public appearance as part of the Indonesian National Armed Forces Day celebrations held at the Gelora Bung Karno Sports Complex grounds . Many of the first ever women to march past in a national parade were veterans of the recently concluded Operation Trikora , wherein personnel of the Corps were deployed as part of the combat and service support units forward deployed to West Papua to fight against the Armed forces of the Netherlands . To this day , the presence of the Women 's Army Corps in major ceremonies of the armed forces , including on Army Day , December 15 , has indeed been positive among the general public , given the government 's efforts to ensure that the Indonesian woman 's role in national defense will be always maintained .
List of former and current high-ranked Kowad officers
Brigadier General TNI ( Retired ) Kartini Hermanus
Brigadier General TNI ( Retired ) Hermawati
Brigadier General TNI ( Retired ) Yulia Ganawati
Brigadier General TNI ( Retired ) Sri Parmini
Brigadier General TNI ( Retired ) Theresia S. Abraham
Brigadier General TNI ( Retired ) Nurhajizah Marpaung
Brigadier General TNI ( Retired ) A.A.A . Putu Oka Dewi Iriani
Brigadier General TNI ( Retired ) Purwanti
Brigadier General TNI ( Retired ) Hastuti Sari Sukapti
Brigadier General TNI ( Retired ) Ucu Supartini Soepia
Brigadier General TNI D.A.K Wirawati
Brigadier General TNI Susi Arlian Indra Dewi
Brigadier General TNI Paula Theresia Ekowati P.U
Brigadier General TNI Mustikaningrat
Brigadier General TNI Tama Ulinta Br . Taringan
References
External links
Military administrative corps of Indonesia
1961 establishments in Indonesia
Batu Kawan may refer to :
Batu Kawan
Batu Kawan ( federal constituency ) , represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Batu Kawan ( settlement constituency ) , formerly represented in the Penang Settlement Council ( 1955–59 )
Najeh Humoud ( Arabic : ناجح حمود حريب ) is a former football coach of Najaf FC and Iraq .
They played in midfield for Kufa FC in the 1970s , and the Najaf province team but never managed to play in the Iraqi first division . They began their coaching career with Najaf FC in 1987 , and helped the club to their first ever cup in 1998 as their team beat Al-Shorta 4-0 at the Al Shaab Stadium to lift the Umm Al-Maarak Cup .
They went on to manage the Iraqi youth team in 1998 and worked as Zoran Smileski 's assistant at the 1998 Asian Youth Championship .
Najeh then coached the Iraq national football team in 1999 . They were Vice-President of the Iraq Football Association from 2004-2011 and the president of the Iraq Football Association from 2011 to 2014 . Aside from football , Najih was also the director of the Kufa Cement Factory .
References
Iraqi footballers
Iraqi football managers
Living people
1951 births
Iraqi football chairpeople and investors
Al-Shorta SC managers
Association football midfielders
James `` Nobby '' White ( c. 1820 – 20 August 1890 ) was a pastoralist , land agent and politician in the colony of South Australia .
History
James White arrived in South Australia in 1845 . Their first occupation was as overseer at C. H. Bagot 's head station `` Koonunga '' . They headed for the diggings in 1851 during the Victorian gold rush , and returned a year later and purchased their first block of land at Bagot 's Gap , the first of many pastoral properties in the Kapunda region and elsewhere in the colony , and became quite wealthy .
They were a partner in station agents and auctioneers , first with W. Brewer around 1859 , then with Jenkin Coles as Coles and Goodchild , later Goodchild , Duff , & Co. , which business was taken over by Elder , Smith & Co. in 1889 .
They were elected MHA for the seat of Light after the resignation of Edward Hamilton , and served August 1871 to December 1871 and from February 1875 to April 1881 , their associates being David Nock and Randolph Isham Stow . They stood for reelection in 1881 and 1884 and the 1888 Legislative Council election , but was unsuccessful on each occasion .
They were convicted under the Fraud at Auctions Act in 1876 , and urged to resign their commission as Justice of the Peace but refused , on the grounds that would constitute admission of guilt . An appeal to the Supreme Court resulted in the controversial overturning of this verdict . Alexander Hay added to their woes by publicly refuting some of their courtroom statements . A year later they were re-appointed J.P .
They had a property , `` Albert Vale '' , around two miles from Kapunda on the Eudunda road , which they sold in 1894 to David James , and became their celebrated property `` Coalbrook Vale '' .
White was a taciturn man and never made many friends . They were buried at the Church of England cemetery , Kapunda .
Family
James White married Rebecca Bridget Goodchild ( – 6 May 1888 ) and married again , to the widow Bessie Read on 3 November 1888 ; they lived at `` Albavale '' , Kapunda . They had no children .
Abraham White ( c. 1828 – 15 May 1885 ) , brother of James , was a farmer and railway contractor of `` Illawarra '' , Bagot 's Well . They were married to Mary White née Wharton ( – c. 1931 ) . They moved to nearby Kapunda then Western Australia , where most of their children had settled . Their children included :
James Wharton White , ( 17 February 1857 – 30 January 1930 ) married Sophie Agnes Geyer . They were MHA for Light 1890–1896 , moved to Esperance , Western Australia .
Lilla Rebecca Wharton White ( 1858 – 15 January 1934 ) married engineer Edward H. V. Keane ( August 1844 – 9 July 1904 ) on 27 May 1879 . They were a noted WA politician .
Frances Ellen Wharton White ( – 17 September 1944 ) died at Albany , Western Australia .
William St. Clare Wharton White ( c. 1862 – 29 December 1946 ) married Penelope Annie Buchanan ( c. 1862 – 2 March 1935 ) on 29 April 1886 , moved to Cottesloe , Western Australia . Penelope was a daughter of Alexander Buchanan , overseer of Anlaby Station .
Edward Wharton White ( c. 1864 – 10 January 1949 ) married Alice Kate Buchanan ( – 21 December 1941 ) on 10 December 1887 , moved to Albany , Western Australia . Alice was another daughter of Alexander Buchanan , of Anlaby Station .
Blanche Elizabeth Isabel Wharton White ( – 3 November 1931 ) moved to Subiaco , Western Australia .
John White ( c. 1855 – 1 February 1929 ) of `` Thadmore '' , Bagot 's Gap married Mary Slattery ( c. 1827 – 13 December 1887 ) , and had a large family . John was a son of one Patrick White , and may be unrelated .
References
Australian pastoralists
Australian auctioneers
Australian real estate businesspeople
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly
1820 births
1890 deaths
19th-century Australian politicians
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Liutprand may refer to :
Liutprand , King of the Lombards ruled from 712 to 744
Duke Liutprand of Benevento ( died after 759 )
Bishop Liutprand of Cremona , ( c. 922–972 ) historian
Ice sledge hockey at the 1994 Winter Paralympics consisted of a mixed event .
Although it was a mixed event , the only female athlete was the Norwegian Britt Mjaasund Øyen .
Medal summary
Preliminary round
Bronze medal game
Gold medal game
References
External links
Lillehammer 1994 – Para Ice Hockey – Mixed Tournament
1994 Winter Paralympics events
1994
Paralympics
Sharon Kikini Firisua ( born 15 December 1993 ) is a Solomon Islands track and field athlete . At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the 5000 m event . At the 2020 Summer Olympics , they competed in the Women 's marathon .
Career
In 2013 they were named the Solomon Islands Sportswoman of the Year . They started training seriously in 2010 and at their second Pacific Games in 2015 they took two gold medals at 5000 and 10,000m and another in the half marathon in Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Solomon Islands female steeplechase runners
Solomon Islands female long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of the Solomon Islands
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for the Solomon Islands
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
People from Malaita Province
Negin Shirtari Foumani ( , born 3 March 1998 ) is a volleyball player from Iran , who plays as a play cards for the Women 's National Team and CD Aves team . They participated in the championship in Korea in 2019 with the women 's volleyball team .
References
Iranian women 's volleyball players
Living people
1998 births
People from Rasht
Sportspeople from Gilan province
Andrea Gallandi ( born at Venice , 7 December 1709 ; died there 12 January 1779 , or 1780 ) was an Italian Oratorian and patristic scholar .
Life
They pursued their theological and historical studies under two Dominicans , Daniello Concina , a moralist , and Bernardo de Rossi ( de Rubeis ) , a noted historical scholar and theologian . With both of these instructors they kept up a friendship after they had joined the Oratory of St. Philip Neri .
Works
They established their reputation as a scholar by compiling the work of reference : Bibliotheca veterum patrum antiquorumque scriptorum ecclesiasticorum Græco-Latina ( Venice , 1765–81 , 14 vols . ; 2nd ed. , 1788 ) . The work was dedicated to the Venetian Senate , but Gallandi did not live to see its completion . It is a collection of 380 ecclesiastical writers of the first seven centuries . Gallandi gathered together the smaller and less known writings . Greek originals were printed in good type with Latin translations , and copious notes relative to the authors and their works were added .
They also published a collection of the treatises of famous canonists ( Pierre Coustant , Girolamo and Pietro Ballerini , etc . ) on the origin and development of canon law , which was entitled De vetustis canonum collectionibus dissertationum sylloge ( Venice , 1778 , 1 vol . folio ; Mainz , 1790 , 2 vols. ) . At their death Gallandi left a work which has not been published : Thesaurus antiquitatis ecclesiasticæ historico-apologetico-criticus complectens SS . patrum gesta et scripta doctissimorum virorum dissertationibus asserta et illustrata ac juxta seriem XII sec . digesta .
References
Attribution
External links
1709 births
18th-century deaths
18th-century Italian Roman Catholic theologians
Oratorians
Somewhere in Civvies is a 1943 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Frank Randle , George Doonan and Suzette Tarri . Private Randle is discharged from the army and finds it difficult to adjust to civilian life . It was followed in 1949 by Somewhere in Politics .
Plot
Ex-army private Randle stands to receive a substantial inheritance from their uncle if they can prove they are of sound mind . However , their devious cousin tries to grab the money by having Randle committed to a psychiatric home .
Cast
Frank Randle – Pte . Randle
George Doonan – Sgt . Doonan
Suzette Tarri – Mrs. Spam
Joss Ambler – Matthews
H.F. Maltby – Col. Tyldesley
Nancy O'Neil – Mary Randle
Grey Blake – Ralph Tyldesley
Gus Aubrey – Pilkington
References
Bibliography
Rattigan , Neil . This is England : British film and the People 's War , 1939-1945 . Associated University Presses , 2001 .
External links
1943 films
1943 comedy films
Films directed by Maclean Rogers
British comedy films
Military humor in film
British black-and-white films
Films scored by Percival Mackey
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
Fuiono Senio ( died 17 May 1997 ) was a chief and environmentalist from Falealupo village on the island of Savai ' i in Western Samoa .
A logging company offered funds to the Samoan government to build a school for Senio 's village if they could log the rainforest nearby . As the loggers were about to start work , a visiting biologist offered to raise funds if logging stopped . The village elders agreed to accept the offer and set aside the rainforest from the coast to the interior ridge of Savai ' i , as a rainforest preserve . The loggers returned , and Senio ran in front of them and threatened them with a machete , telling them to go away . This act became well known throughout the South Pacific , where similar problems affected many poor island communities .
They were awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 1997 , shared with Paul Alan Cox , for their contributions to the protection of rainforests of Falealupo .
They died of liver cancer a month after receiving the Goldman prize .
References
Year of birth missing
1997 deaths
Samoan chiefs
Samoan environmentalists
People from Vaisigano
Deaths from liver cancer
Deaths from cancer in Samoa
Goldman Environmental Prize awardees
Dăeni is a commune in Tulcea County , Northern Dobruja , Romania . It is composed of a single village , Dăeni .
References
External links
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Tan-Badan is a 1986 Bollywood film starring Govinda and Khushbu . Although Love 86 and Ilzaam released before this film , this movie is Govinda 's debut , directed by their maternal uncle ( and their wife 's brother-in-law ) Anand Singh .
Cast
Govinda ... Ravi Pratap
Khushbu ... Gauri
Iftekhar ... Ravi Dad/Diwan Devendra Pratap
Satyen Kappu ... Rahim Chacha
Viju Khote ... Road rowdy goon
Sharat Saxena ... Janga
Raj Mehra ... Thakur Shamsher Singh
Leela Mishra ... Mausi/Dadi
Vijay Kashyap ... Doctor
Guddi Maruti .... Doctor 's wife
Ram Sethi ... Dinu , Driver
Box Office
The film was moderately successful at box office and managed to do ₹4.50 crore collection and declared Semi Hit .
Songs
The music was composed by Anand–Milind . This was their first film with actor Govinda . The duo went on to do around 18 films with the actor , most of which were chartbusters .
`` Lage Na Mora Jiya , Gale Lag Jaa '' - Anuradha Paudwal , Suresh Wadkar
`` Biwi Hasband Ko Pyar Na Kare '' - Suresh Wadkar , Alka Yagnik
`` Kisi Ko Mai Aisi Lagti Hu '' - Alka Yagnik
`` Krishna Krishna '' - Udit Narayan
`` Mai Bhi Jawan Hu , Tu Bhi Jawan Hai '' - Sharon Prabhakar
References
External links
1980s Hindi-language films
1986 films
Films scored by Anand–Milind
The Volunteer Force was a voluntary part time military organisation of the New Zealand Military Forces . The force provided the bulk of New Zealand 's defence during the late nineteenth century and was made up of small independent corps of less than 100 men . Throughout its entire existence , the Volunteer Force was criticised for being untrained , disorganised and poorly led , with units often prioritising dress uniforms over actual military training . Despite these misgivings , units of the Volunteer Force did conduct military actions during the New Zealand Wars and the Second Boer War . In 1910 the Volunteer Force was converted into the Territorial Force . Many of the modern day units of the New Zealand Army can draw their lineages back to corps of the Volunteer Force .
The New Zealand Wars
During the 1830s and 1840s , European settlers formed a number of volunteer units throughout the North Island and in Nelson in response to the fear of attack by local Maori . These units were not sanctioned by the colonial government and had no legal standing . From 1840 , various British military units were stationed in New Zealand and provided the primary source of protection to European settlers . The militia act 1845 provided the governor with the power to raise a militia from local settlers in times of need . When activated , the Militia would consist of all non-Maori , male British subjects between the ages of 18 and 60 . The Militia could only be utilised within 25 miles of their local police station and were intended to supplement the regular British forces in an emergency .
The militia proved to be unpopular for the settlers due to the economic dislocation caused when it was called out . Militiamen were also dissatisfied with the men appointed as officers and by the poor pay . Even the government was unhappy with the system as it struggled to cover the cost of maintaining the Militia when it was called out . The Militia Act 1845 was replaced by the Militia act 1858 , which was largely identical but now provided a provision to raise units of volunteers . Unlike the Militia , however , the volunteers could be called on to fight anywhere in New Zealand .
One of the first volunteer units to be raised was the Taranaki Rifles in 1859 . The Taranaki Rifles were called out for active service during the First Taranaki War and fought battles with Maori at Waireka and Mahoetahi in 1860 and 1861 respectively .
In 1862 , New regulations introduced required all volunteer units to disband and , if willing , reenlist . The requirement to disband was meet with indignation and meant the loss of units records of service . Although many units reenlisted , there was a drop in volunteer numbers and unit seniority was reset to the date of reenlistment . In 1864 the New Zealand government adopted a self reliance policy which was intended to put more dependence on local militia and friendly Maori . Correspondingly , the Imperial Regiments began to withdraw from New Zealand in 1866 , with the last regiment leaving in 1870 . As part of this policy the government introduced the Volunteer Force Act 1865 .
The Volunteer Force Act 1865 established the Volunteer Force and laid out a system which would largely survive until 1910 . As was done in 1862 , the volunteer corps were once again required to disband and reenlist under the new regulations . The volunteers had a large degree of freedom in contrast to the militia . Each corps could define its own rules concerning civil affairs , financial matters , the admission of members and could even elect their own officers . Membership of the volunteers was open , unlike the militia , to Maori and the only restraint on membership was that officers be British subjects . Basic equipment was provided by the government , although uniforms had to be provided privately , either by the volunteers themselves or at cost to the unit . Volunteers were also not paid , except for when they went on `` actual service '' ( i.e . service during a conflict ) , but corps did receive an annual allowance based on the size of its membership . The government did , however , provide a major incentive to volunteers with the passing of the Volunteer Land Act 1865 . Under the scheme , volunteers became qualified for a remission from the price of any land purchased from the crown . The remission was valued at £30 after a total of five years service , but a further £5 could also be acquired for ever six months of active service .
Both the unit allowance and the land price remission was reliant on volunteers being `` efficient '' ( i.e . suitably trained and able to perform their duties ) . Training of the volunteers , however , was irregular with no explicit guidelines . The corps commander set the standards for what constituted being efficient in their corps , even though they might not themselves be competent to make such a decision . The problem was troubled further by the fact that , as an elected role , the commanders position was reliant on their popularity with the men .
The 1865 Act was also the first time that a volunteer corps was explicitly defined . A corps was to consist of either : a troop or company of artillery , a troop of cavalry , a company of engineers , a Rifle Company , a company of Naval Volunteers or a Fire Brigade . Each corps was required to maintain a minimum membership or face being disbanded , likewise an upper limit on size was also applied . The exact size requirements varied through the existence of the Volunteer Force , but corps were generally constrained to be between around 40 to 100 men .
Throughout the late 1860s Volunteer units were called out to garrison forts and support British Army units during conflict with Maori . The Taranaki Rifles were involved in a number of actions during the Second Taranaki War , while the Auckland Coastguards ( later known as the Auckland Naval Artillery ) and Gustavus von Tempsky 's Forest Rangers saw action in the Invasion of the Waikato . During Tītokowaru 's War ( 1868-1869 ) a force of 350 Volunteers and armed constabulary , including the Forest Rangers , Wellington Rangers , Wellington Rifles , and the Patea Yeomanry Cavalry were defeated at Te Ngutu o Te Manu . The inexperienced volunteers of the Wellington Rifles did not perform well , some of whom fled from the battle in panic .
The Russian Scares
The Volunteer Force was relatively inactive during the 1870s and was only occasionally utilised for civil maters such as dealing with public disorder , fighting fires and providing a lifeboat service . In 1881 , however , a force of 1600 volunteers and armed constabulary were called up to arrest Te Whiti o Rongomai at Parihaka . Te Whiti had led a campaign of passive resistance to land confiscations by the New Zealand Government . The volunteers and armed constabulary arrested Te Whiti , destroyed the village and dispersed much of its population .
By the 1880s the fear of conflict with Maori had decreased , but was replaced by concerns of a Russian Invasion . In 1873 the The Daily Southern Cross published a report that the Russian Cruiser Kaskowiski ( cask of whisky ) had sailed into Auckland harbour and seized gold and hostages . The report was a hoax , but added to a growing fear of war with Russia . A more substantial `` Russian scare '' occurred in 1878 when Britain nearly went to war with Russia due to conflict with the Ottoman Empire . The scare prompted a surge in volunteering and led New Zealand to review its defences , in particular with regards to coastal fortifications . Colonel Peter Scratchley of the Royal Engineers , who had already advised the Australian Colonies on their defence , was commission to report on the Defences of New Zealand in 1880 . Their report suggested the installation of various costal guns , torpedo batteries and mine installations . Scratchley was also critical of the organisation of the Volunteer forces describing it as `` fatal to military efficiency '' . They proposed the formation of larger naval brigades to man the costal fortifications and the implementation of a more rigorous training regime . A further review of the volunteer system in 1882 suggested disbanding the current force and reforming it with substantial changes . Military districts should be reduced in size and corps formed into larger administrative regiments . The report also advised removing the provision that officers be elected , providing stricter rules on the process of promotion and establishing an officer training school . The report , however , proved to be politically unpopular and was not implemented .
In 1885 Russia Invaded Afghanistan . The Treaty of Gandamak required Britain to support Afghanistan in the event of aggression by a foreign power and it looked like Britain might go to war with Russia . Although Britain did not honour the treaty , the resulting Russian scare led to renewed concern over the colonies defence . Sir George Whitmore was promoted to major general ( the first New Zealand officer to hold the rank ) and appointed commandant of the New Zealand Defence Forces . Whitmore introduced a higher level organisation of Volunteer Force and , between 1885 and 1887 , grouped the individual corps together into administrative infantry battalions and mounted regiments . A school of military instruction was also established , but was poorly attended , with only six students in 1886 and 1887 . Despite Whitmore 's innovations , by the late 1880s the Volunteer Force was perceived as being excessive in size and too expensive . New Zealand was in the midst of an economic depression and in 1887 the Government invited Major General Henry Schaw to review the colony 's defence , with a focus on reducing expenditure as much as possible . Schaw determined that as the Maori were no longer a threat , internal defence was unnecessary and efforts should be focused on costal protection . Rural based Volunteers were of little value and only corps based in the four main harbours ( Auckland , Wellington , Lyttleton and Dunedin ) , and to a lesser extent some of the smaller ports , were needed to repel potential landing forces . Shaws report was accepted in 1888 and saw a halving of the size of the Volunteer Force . Whitmore resigned without replacement and their school and battalion organisations were disbanded .
Expansion and the Second Boer War
A liberal government was elected in 1891 and Richard Seddon , as Minister of Defence and later Prime Minister , sought to revitalise the Volunteer force . Lt Col Francis Fox was asked to report on the state of the volunteer force . Fox 's report was published in 1893 and was condemning of the Volunteer Force . Of the 133 corps inspected , Fox considered that the Otago Hussars was the only corps in an effective state and `` which possesses any knowledge of the cavalry work which is in reality essential '' . The drill and instruction provided to volunteers was out of date and instructors were overworked . Volunteers required more training and in particular needed to experience field training away from the drill hall . Fox was also critical of the shortage and poor quality of weapons , equipment and uniforms . Fox proposed large scale disbandment of inefficient corps , and the dismissal of around a quarter of the officers , who they considered `` indifferent or bad '' . Although Fox was open to the idea of election of officers , they argued that officer candidates should be subject to a rigours examination procedure to ensure quality . Most of this advice was not implemented , although in 1895 the government did implement some of the suggested higher level reorganisation . The 14 military districts were reduced to five ( Auckland , Wellington , Canterbury , Otago and Nelson-Westland ) and the corps were once again organised into administrative battalions and regiments .
The volunteer force would see a major revitalisation in 1897 with the celebration of Queen Victoria 's Diamond Jubilee . Volunteering also expanded greatly in 1899 with the outbreak of the Second Boer War . Although no individual volunteer corps was sent to South Africa , New Zealand did send ten contingents of mounted rifles . These contingent were formed from volunteers of all corps , and were not exclusive to mounted volunteers .
Conversion to the Territorial Force
In the late 1900s New Zealand had become increasingly weary of the increased threat of Germany , in particular as a naval power . The question of compulsory military training was being increasingly raised and the quality of the volunteer force was , as in the past , under scrutiny . At the Imperial Defence Conference of 1909 , Prime Minister Joseph Ward agreed that in the event of war New Zealand would provide an expeditionary force of units organised along the same lines as the British Army . The Volunteer Force was not compatible with this commitment and upon Ward 's return to New Zealand , the Defence Act 1909 was presented to parliament and passed in two weeks .
The Defence Act 1909 reorganised the country into four military districts , each with , among other support units , three mounted rifle regiments , four Infantry battalions and a brigade of artillery . Implementation of the new act was postponed until a review was complete by Lord Kitchener . Kitchener toured New Zealand in early 1910 , but only suggested minor changes to the proposed act . The Territorial Force came into being on 28 February 1910 and brought an end to the Volunteer Force . In 1911 the battalions were redesignated as regiments and the identities of the old individual volunteer corps were superseded by a regimental one . The seniority of the new regiments was determined by the most senior volunteer corps within the regiment . Only the reenlistment dates under the 1865 Volunteer Force Act were considered and this was meet with discontent by some units which claimed to have a longer lineage .
Uniforms
Volunteer corps were required to provide their own uniform and were generally able to define the pattern worn , at least within the styles of uniforms worn by the British Army of that period . Some units adopted the uniforms of British Units such as the Wellington Guards , which wore the uniform of the Grenadier Guards , and the Wellington Highland Rifles , which adopted the Seaforth Highlanders ' uniform . From 1900 a Khaki field service uniform was introduced , although the full dress uniforms remained popular .
Strength
The size of the Volunteer Force varied greatly throughout its existence , both due to the growth of the colony and due to historical events . It experienced large periods of growth during the New Zealand wars in the 1860s , the Russian scares of the 1880s , and during the Second Boer War in the early 1900s .
References
Military units and formations of the New Zealand Army
Military units and formations established in 1865
Military units and formations disestablished in 1910
Volunteer military units and formations
The Hell Ride , also known as the Hell Dog , is an informal group bicycle training ride that follows the coastline of Port Phillip Bay through the south–eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia . It meets at 7am on Saturdays at the Black Rock clock tower , Black Rock and heads south towards Mount Eliza along Beach Road .
The ride has been widely criticised , particularly after the death of pedestrian James Gould in August , 2006 .
A continuing police presence is now monitoring the weekly ride and has improved the behavior of cyclists and motorists alike .
Following the Victorian State Coroner 's investigation into the death of Gould , after a cyclist from the Hellride bunch failed to stop at a pedestrian crossing when the traffic light was red and collided with him , a review of the literature on cyclists who ride in large groups or bunches on public roads was commissioned . The research was released by Monash University Accident Research Centre in January 2009 .
The 2006 fatality , along with other incidents involving cyclists , has led to the introduction of new `` culpable cycling '' laws by the Victorian State Government . The Road Legislation Amendment Bill 2009 introduces new penalties for cyclists who cause death or injury in a collision , for failing to stop and render assistance and for `` dangerous and careless riding '' .
See also
Cycling in Victoria
References
Cycling in Melbourne
Port Phillip
Cycling events in Victoria
Jean-Louis Masson ( born 5 February 1954 ) , is a French Republican politician who was a member of the National Assembly since 2017 , representing Var 's 3rd constituency from 2017 to 2020 . They were elected Mayor of La Garde in the 2020 French municipal elections , and resigned their seat in Parliament .
References
Living people
1954 births
People from Var ( department )
Union for a Popular Movement politicians
The Republicans ( France ) politicians
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Members of Parliament for Var
Glas Hirfryn is a farm in Cwmdu , at east side of the road through the valley of the Lleiriog on the southern side of the Berwyn Mountains . It is in the community of Llansilin , which was formerly in Denbighshire , but since 1996 has been in the Montgomeryshire part of Powys . The timber-framed farmhouse , which stands within a group of farm buildings was abandoned in the mid-20th century , at which time it was listed as Grade II . The house has now been dated by dendrochronology to about 1559 AD or shortly afterwards .
By 2002 the building had largely collapsed , but since 2012 a restoration programme has been started under the supervision of architect Graham Moss and drawing on the expertise of the Clwyd-Powys Archaeological Trust ( CPAT ) . The restoration work has been undertaken by Manor Joinery of Minsterley , Shropshire .
Architecture
The house represents a transitional phase in the development of the timber-framed houses in area from the cruck framed hall houses ( such as Ty Draw at Llanarmon Mynydd Mawr and [ aisled ] -hall houses at Pen-y-Bryn , Llansilin and Hafod , Llansilin and Hen Blas in Llanrhaeadr-ym-Mochnant , to Renaissance and post-Medieval types . Glas Hirfryn is one of the first houses to be storied , rather than the hall being open to the roof . It is also of interest because it has a lateral stone chimney stack , set outside on the north side of the building . This contrasts with ‘ ‘ Severn Valley '' timber-framed houses of Montgomeryshire , which have a centrally placed chimney stack within the house and the entrance is placed on the side wall facing the chimney stack , which forms a ‘ ‘ lobby-entrance '' . On the ground floor in Glas Hirfryn , to the left of the entrance , there is a hall and the central beam is decorated with an elaborately carved decorative boss . There was a further chamber at the east end . On the outside on the ground floor the timber framing is close studded and was filled with vertical wattle and daub . The upper storey is decorated with repeating lozenge framing , a feature of other Montgomeryshire timber-framed houses .
Architectural parallels
Glas Hirfryn is contemporary with Great Cefnyberen in the Vale of Kerry , dendrochronologically dated to 1545–60 . This house has a jettied first floor supported by massive brackets , but unlike Glas Hirfyn it has a central chimney stack and rather than a lobby entrance has a chimney backing on to the entrance with a post and panel screen or cross passage of Smith 's type B . Also in the Vale of Kerry , but just in Shropshire in Brompton and Rhiston is the ‘ ‘ Lack '' . This is a jettied house of the Montgomeryshire Lobby entrance type , with herringbone work in the upper story and Close studding to the lower floor . The use of a dragon beam- a diagonal beam in jettied at the corners in the interior – seems to be slightly later , and can be seen at Plasdauon in Carno and Maes Mawr at Llandinam . Examples of jettied timber-framing in Shropshire with a classification of their types is given by Madge Moran in Vernacular Buildings of Shropshire .
History of the house
The earliest known owner of Glas-hirfryn is 'Morus ap Dafydd of Glas-hirfryn ' the husband of Magred , daughter of Lewys Wynn ap Morus Wynn of Moeliwrch , Llansilin , which lies just over 4 kilometres to the east . By the 1750s Glas Hirfryn was part of a larger estate and was tenanted by Richard Edwards who died in 1761 and they were followed by their son Hugh Edwards Richard , who died in 1777 .
In August 1827 Glas Hirfryn was sold by auction at the Cross Keys in Oswestry as part of a much larger estate by a firm of Liverpool auctioneers .
Following this sale Glas Hirfryn came to be tenanted by Richard Jones ( 1783–1849 ) of Glyndyfrdwy . Richard and Ann Jones were ardent Wesleyan Methodists and established a meeting-house at Glas-hirfryn in 1837 . The tenancy of the farm passed to John Jones on their father 's death in 1849 , but the landlord , the Rev J C Phillips put up the rent , which John Jones was unable to afford . In 1854 the Jones family purchased the farm and John Jones continued to live at Glas Hirfyn until their death in 1904 . The life of the Jones family and the founding of the Moriah Wesleyan Chapel at Cymdu is described in Revd O. Madoc Roberts , Cofiant y Tri Brawd ( ‘ Memoir of the Three Brothers ' ) 1906 .
Literature
Hubbard E , The Buildings of Wales : Clwyd , Penguin/ Yale 1986 .
Moran M. , Vernacular Buildings of Shropshire Logaston Press , 2013 .
Revd O. Madoc Roberts , Cofiant y Tri Brawd , ( ‘ Memoir of the Three Brothers ' ) 1906 .
Scourfield R and Haslam R , Buildings of Wales : Powys ; Montgomeryshire , Radnorshire and Breconshire , 2nd edition , Yale University Press 2013 , 251 .
Peter Smith , Houses of the Welsh Countryside , Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales , 2nd edition , 1988 .
Suggett R and Stevenson G. , Introducing Houses of the Welsh Countryside , Y Lolfa , 2010 .
Glas Hirfryn gallery
See also
Timber-framed houses in Montgomeryshire :
Cilthriew , Kerry ( Montgomeryshire )
Great Cefnyberen
Penarth ( Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn )
Maesmawr Hall , Llandinam
Ty Mawr , Castle Caereinion
Lymore , ( Montgomery )
The Lack , Brompton
References
External links
Description of restoration and history of Glas Hirfryn
Details of records , drawings and photographs held by the Royal Commission concerning Glas Hirfryn
Houses in Powys
Grade II listed buildings in Powys
Timber-framed houses in Wales
Farms in Wales
Buildings and structures in Powys
Vernacular architecture
Hall houses
Ankhon Mein Tum Ho is a 1997 bollywood romantic drama thriller film directed by Ashim Samanta and produced by Shakti Samanta .
The film stars Sharad Kapoor , Suman Ranganathan and Rohit Roy in lead roles . The film revolves around the frustrated love story of Prem Kapoor ( Rohit Roy ) and Pooja ( Suman Ranganathan ) , because they are destined to kill their beau according to the stars .
The film is today best remembered as Ashok Kumar 's last movie . The film was simultaneously shot in Bengali as Achena Atithi.The song `` Har Ek Muskurahat '' was huge hit and still has good popularity .
Plot
This story is about Prem , Pooja , Pratap and Ranjit . Prem loves Pooja very much and wants to marry them But Prem 's family astrologer says that if Pooja marries Prem , then Prem would meet with an untimely death . Prem 's grandfather does not support the marriage . They tell Pooja everything and orders them to leave Prem forever . Pooja leaves Prem and marries Pratap . Pratap is a famous business person and they love Pooja very much . Ranima , Pratap 's mother is a patient of cardiac problems and dotes on Pooja . During their honeymoon in Switzerland Pratap dies in an accident . Pooja does n't reveal the news to Ranima . One day during Durga Pooja , Pooja suddenly sees Pratap who in reality is an imposter - Ranjit . Ranjit kills Ranima and when Pooja sees the incident they shoot at Ranjit , but unfortunately the bullet goes into Mamababu 's chest and they succumb . Ranjit calls the police and tells them that Pooja has killed Ranima and Mamababu . The police arrest Pooja . Prem fights the case for Pooja and in court Prem proves that Ranjit is the murderer . Then police arrest Ranjit while Prem and Pooja ring the wedding bells .
Cast
Rohit Roy as Prem
Sharad Kapoor as Pratap Burman / Ranjeet
Suman Ranganathan as Pooja
Ashok Kumar as Kapoor
Raakhee as Ranimaa
Satyen Kappu as Public Prosecutor Gupta
Ram Mohan as Doctor
Pramod Muthu as Mohan
Ravishankar as Pooja 's father
Anuraag as Ramesh
Soundtrack
Bengali tracklist
References
External links
1997 films
1990s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Anu Malik
Films directed by Ashim Samanta
Indian romantic thriller films
Indian romantic comedy-drama films
Indian multilingual films
The East Arkansas Regional Unit is an Arkansas Department of Correction prison in Brickeys , St. Francis Township , unincorporated Lee County , Arkansas . United States . It is about southeast of Forrest City .
East Arkansas Regional Unit is one of the state 's parent units for processed male inmates and serves for initial assignment . This facility was established in 1992 and has 379 employees . The facility is ACA Accredited and has a capacity of 1,432 inmates . Operations include jail operations , education , substance abuse treatment program , canine unit , field crops , and regional maintenance .
In 2007 after the prison system determined that some East Arkansas Correctional Officers used excessive force against prisoners , those Correctional Officers were fired .
Notable prisoners
Joshua Macave Brown , perpetrator of the murder of Jesse Dirkhising
References
External links
East Arkansas Regional Unit - Arkansas Department of Correction
Prisons in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Lee County , Arkansas
1992 establishments in Arkansas
Poplar Flats is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
The Bismarck black myzomela ( Myzomela pammelaena ) or ebony myzomela , is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae or honeyeater family .
It is native to the Admiralty and St Matthias islands ( Bismarck Islands , Papua New Guinea ) .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
Myzomela
Birds of the Admiralty Islands
Birds of New Ireland Province
Birds described in 1877
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Villalba is a barrio in the municipality of Villalba , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 2,880 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Villalba Abajo barrio was 1,363 .
Sectors
Barrios ( which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions ) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores ( sectors in English ) . The types of sectores may vary , from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial , among others .
The following sectors are in Villalba Abajo barrio :
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Villalba , Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Villalba , Puerto Rico
The Class 03 steam engines were standard express train locomotives ( Einheitslokomotiven ) in service with the Deutsche Reichsbahn .
History
The Class 03 engines were built between 1930 and 1938 as express train locomotives for routes that were only suitable for axle loads of up to 18 tonnes . 298 examples of this engine , whose construction was based on the Class 01 , were built by the firms of Borsig , Krupp , Henschel , and Schwartzkopff .
Its reduced weight was achieved by the use of a light sectional frame , smaller boiler and smaller cylinders . From engine number 03 123 onwards the pumps were located in the centre of the locomotive and from number 03 163 the locos had larger leading wheels .
Locomotive number 03 154 was equipped with a parabolic smokebox door , a tapered driver 's cab and driving gear cover plates . Number 03 193 was given a wine-red , streamlined , full covering and a 2′3 T 37 St tender , in order to replace the Class 05 . 03 204 and 03 205 had driving gear cover plates for experimental purposes . Locomotive numbers 03 175 and 03 207 had Lentz valve gear , also as an experiment .
Until 1959 , 145 Class 03 locomotives were in the Deutsche Bundesbahn 's operating fleet , of which 62 engines ( 03 005 to 03 122 ) had air and feed pumps on the smokebox , small leading wheels ( 850 mm diameter ) and a top speed of 120 km/h , 16 machines ( 03 127 to 03 160 ) had air and feed pumps between the middle and rear driving wheels , small leading wheels ( 850 mm diameter ) and a top speed of 120 km/h and 67 engines ( 03 164 to 03 296 ) had air and feed pumps between the middle and rear driving wheels , scissor-block brakes ( Scherenklotzbremsen ) , large leading wheels ( 1,000 mm diameter ) and a top speed of 130 km/h .
In 1968 there were still 45 units , now designated as Class 003 , remaining in the operational fleet . They were stabled at the following locomotive sheds : two at the Braunschweig shed , six at Bremen Main Station , 13 at Hamburg-Altona , one at Husum , 16 in Mönchengladbach and seven at Ulm .
The last ten locomotives of Class 003 were on duty from 1971 at Ulm ; in 1972 the last ones , nos . 003 088 , 003 131 and 003 268 , were withdrawn from service .
The DR in East Germany had 86 engines in its fleet . From 1962 they equipped their vehicles with mixer preheaters .
35 03 pacifics went to Poland after World War 2 , along with ten streamlined 03.10s . The Polish version of the Class 03 , the Pm2 ( running number 34 ) , can be seen at the railway museum in Warsaw .
The locomotives of this class had 2′2 T 30 , 2′2′ T 32 and 2′2′ T 34 tenders .
See also
List of DRG locomotives and railbuses
Literature
03
4-6-2 locomotives
03
Borsig locomotives
Krupp locomotives
Henschel locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1930
Berliner locomotives
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Standard gauge locomotives of Poland
2′C1′ h2 locomotives
Passenger locomotives
Pacific Northwest Quarterly ( commonly referred to as PNQ ) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of history that publishes scholarship relating to the Pacific Northwest of the United States , including Alaska , and adjacent areas of western Canada . Founded in 1906 by Edmond S. Meany as the Washington Historical Quarterly , the journal is published by the University of Washington . Editorial offices are located in the UW Department of History . By tradition , the managing editor is a professor in the department . The current managing editor is Bruce Hevly .
Editors of the Quarterly
Edmond S. Meany 1906-1935
Merrill Jensen 1936-1942
Charles M. Gates 1943-1963
Robert E. Burke 1963-1986
Lewis O. Saum 1986-1991
John M. Findlay 1991-2003 , 2008-2016
W.J . Rorabaugh 2003-2008
Bruce Hevly 2016–Present
External links
http : //journals.lib.washington.edu/index.php/WHQ/issue/archive
History of the Americas journals
Area studies journals
University of Washington
American studies journals
Publications established in 1906
1906 establishments in Washington ( state )
Isabella `` Bella '' Mackay born Isabella Gordon ( 1777/8 – 15 November 1850 ) was a British philanthropist and religious activist . They were the leading light of the Edinburgh Ladies Association and together they funded the education at Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia in the nineteenth century .
Life
Mackay was probably born in Brora in 1777 or 1778 . Them parents were landed gentry even if their estate was small . They were Isabella ( born McLeod of Geanies ) and John Gordon of Carrol .
They married John Mackay of Rockfield on 3 May 1803 and the following year they bought a small estate at Tarbat , Easter Ross which they called `` Rockfield '' . They were the largest landowners in Tarbat . Them husband was briefly in the civil service in India until they were declared blind . They were given a pension and returned to Scotland . They were Presbyterians and their father-in-law was Reverend Thomas Mackay who was a University of Edinburgh graduate and a previous minister of Lairg . They enjoyed a high social status and they lived in a number of places in England in Scotland , including the highlands , Devon and London . In 1823 they returned again to Edinburgh and settled , although they spent their summers at `` Rockfield '' which they maintained and improved .
In 1832 they appealed to the Edinburgh Ladies ' Association to support their interests . They were concerned with supporting the Scottish Presbyterian people in Nova Scotia in Canada . In particular the colony on Cape Breton Island . They and the association acted as one and Mackay would write to prominent Scots for support . The association recruited teachers in Scotland and sent them to Canada to help the children of the island to learn , become good Presbyterians and to learn Gaelic .
In 1837 the Boularderie Academy opened and Mackay is credited with remotely causing this to happen . The academy offered lessons about English grammar , geography , Latin , algebra , and navigation . Moreover , they were arranging bursaries for leading Cape Breton Island students to attend the Free Church College in Halifax . The college would welcome these students as it was Mackay who paid for a third of that college library 's costs .
Death and legacy
Mackay died in Edinburgh in 1850 . By this time `` her '' Association was funding three teachers , five ministers , eight catechists and three students in Cape Breton Island .
Laurie Stanley-Blackwell published `` The Well-watered Garden : The Presbyterian Church in Cape Breton , 1798-1860 '' in 1983 which identifies Isabella Gordan Mackey as a `` whirlwind '' .
In 1995 a memorial of thanks was raised to them and the Edinburgh Ladies Association . Thanks to them Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia enjoyed teachers , ministers , an academy , books and bibles to improve their spirits . The stone is at the position of where the academy was . The academy was staffed by a young couple who taught children there and they would write to the association that sent them . Alexander and Catherine Munro were both trained at David Stow 's Glasgow Normal School and Catherine was appointed so that the academy could also teach female students . The 1995 memorial ( above ) mentions particularly the Boularderie Academy calling it the `` Boularderie ( Munro ) Academy '' .
References
1777 births
1850 deaths
People from Sutherland
Scottish philanthropists
Scottish Presbyterians
19th-century British philanthropists
19th-century Scottish women
People from Brora
Faber is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States . It is the location of the Monroe Institute .
Faber was one of the communities mentioned in several episodes of the television series , The Waltons . The family drama about post-Great Depression rural Virginia drew from the geography of Faber and nearby Schuyler and involved the Schuyler Baptist Church .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Lebanon is an unincorporated community in Hardin County , Tennessee . Lebanon is located at the intersection of Tennessee State Route 69 and Tennessee State Route 421 east of Milledgeville .
References
Unincorporated communities in Hardin County , Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
WordBASIC was a subset of Microsoft QuickBASIC customized for word-processing in Microsoft Word . It was replaced by Visual Basic for Applications ( VBA ) when Word 97 was released . Contrarily to VBA , WordBasic was not object-oriented but consisted of a flat list of approximately 900 commands .
Example code
The following code snippets show the difference between WordBasic and VBA with a `` Hello , World ! '' example :
WordBasic :
Sub MAIN
FormatFont .Name = `` Arial '' , .Points = 10
Insert `` Hello , World ! ''
End Sub
VBA :
Public Sub Main ( )
With Selection.Font
.Name = `` Arial ''
.Size = 10
End With
Selection.TypeText Text : = '' Hello , World ! ''
End Sub
References
BASIC programming language family
Microsoft Office
Programming languages created in 1989
Macro programming languages
The 35th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1920 New Brunswick general election , the 35th overall general election for New Brunswick , for the 35th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly , but considered the 15th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick , or
the 2003 New Brunswick general election , the 55th overall general election for New Brunswick , for the 55th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly , but considered the 35th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick .
Anthony Wheatley ( 176 ? - 1838 ) was an Epsom Derby winning jockey of the 18th century . They won the 1795 Derby riding Spread Eagle , a horse owned and bred by Sir Frank Standish and trained by Richard Prince . Wheatley 's son Will also became a successful jockey - winning the Derby twice and 2,000 Guineas three times in the early 19th century .
They were active from the 1760s onwards and was mainly found riding at York .
Major wins
Great Britain
Epsom Derby - Spread Eagle ( 1795 )
References
Bibliography
British jockeys
1838 deaths
Volvariella surrecta , commonly known as the piggyback rosegill , is an agaric fungus in the family Pluteaceae . Although rare , the species is widely distributed , having been reported from Asia , North America , Northern Africa , Europe , and New Zealand . The fungus grows as a parasite on the fruit bodies of other gilled mushrooms , usually Clitocybe nebularis . V. surrecta mushrooms have white or greyish silky-hairy caps up to in diameter , and white gills that turns pink in maturity . The stipe , also white , is up to long , and has a sack-like volva at its base .
Taxonomy
The species was first mentioned in scientific literature as Agaricus surrectus by English botanist John Leonard Knapp in their 1829 Journal of a Naturalist . Knapp described the species and illustrated it in a woodcut . They wrote : We have even an agaric , with a bulbous root and downy pileus , that will spring from the smooth summit of another ( agaricus caseus ) , which has a uniform footstalk , though not of common occurrence . Thus a plant , that itself arises from decay , is found to constitute a soil for another ; and the termination of this chain of efficiency is hidden from us . Seven years later , Miles Berkeley described the fungus as Agaricus loveianus , not aware of Knapp 's previous publication , and wrote that it was `` a most elegant and curious species which ... appears not to have been hitherto noticed . '' Berkeley 's name was frequently used in literature to refer to the fungus for over a century rather than Knapp . In their 1917 North American Flora , William Alphonso Murrill proposed a new name combination for the species based on Berkeley 's name , Volvariopsis loweiana . In 1942 , John Ramsbottom discovered Knapp 's image and description of the fungus , and realizing it referred to the same species as Berkeley 's Agaricus loveianus , made the new combination Volvaria surrecta . Rolf Singer transferred it to the genus Volvariella in 1951 , giving it the name by which it is known presently .
Molecular analysis of DNA sequences suggests that V. surrecta belongs to the Volvariella pusilla group—a grouping of related Volvariella species that produce small , white fruit bodies . In this analysis , V. surrecta formed a subclade with V. hypopithys . Almost 90 years earlier , Paul Konrad and André Maublanc recognized the relatedness of these species , and proposed that V. surrecta should be considered a subspecies of V. hypopithys .
The specific epithet surrecta is Latin for `` to arise '' . Berkeley 's epithet loveianus honors British naturalist and Reverend Richard Thomas Lowe . The mushroom is commonly known as the piggyback rosegill .
Description
The fruit bodies of V. surrecta have caps that are initially ovoid ( egg-shaped . Later they become bell-shaped or convex before flattening ; reaching diameters of . The cap sometimes has a shallow umbo , although the presence of this character is not consistent . The cap surface is dry and covered with long , silky hairs ; the color is white to light gray , with a yellowish or brownish center . The gills are free from attachment to the stipe and are packed close together . They are initially white , later becoming pink . There are many lamellulae ( short gills that do not extend fully from cap margin to the stipe ) interspersed between the gills . The stipe is long by thick , and roughly equal in width throughout the length or somewhat thicker at the base . Its color is white to light gray , and the stipe surface is appressed-fibrillose , with a pruinose coating near the apex . The white volva measures high and broad , and has a lobed margin . The mushroom is not edible .
The color of the spore print is brownish-pink . The spores are egg-shaped to oval , measuring 5.4–7.6 by 3.4–4.9 μm . The basidia ( spore-bearing cells ) are club-shaped , four-spored , and measure 20–31 by 5–10 μm . The pleurocystidia ( cystidia on the gill face ) are fusoid-ventricose ( distinctly enlarged in the middle and tapered toward both ends ) , sometimes with an elongated neck . The cheilocystidia ( cystidia on the gill edge ) are also fusoid-ventricose with a neck that is sometimes short and bulbous ; they measure 25–50 by 6–20 μm . The hyphae do not have clamp connections .
Similar species
Because of its occurrence on the fruit bodies of other agarics , V. surrecta is unlikely to be confused with other mushrooms . Other parasitic mushrooms include Asterophora species , but these have thick gills compared to the thin gills of V. surrecta . Collybia species , including C. cookei , C. cirrhata and C. tuberosa are saprobic , and grow on the blackened , decayed remains of other agarics . Their fruit bodies are much smaller than V. surrecta , with cap diameters up to . Although some other Volvariella species have an appearance similar to V. surrecta , they grow in grass or in leaf litter .
Habitat and distribution
Volvariella surrecta grows parasitically on the fruit bodies of Clitocybe species , usually C. nebularis , although it has been reported growing on Tricholoma species , as well as Melanoleuca brevipes . The mushrooms grow in clusters , and fruit in the summer and autumn . The host mushroom is sometimes malformed and assumes an irregular appearance . In an early publication , Charles Bagge Plowright commented `` Berkeley 's figure ... is rather misleading . So is that given by Knapp under the name Agaricus surrectus ... , inasmuchas they show the Agaric ( A. nebularis ) , upon which it is parasitic , in a very robust condition . In my specimen the host ( A. nebularis ) was quite sodden and collapsed so as to be practically unrecognisable unless one had known what species to expect . ''
Volvariella surrecta is a rare species , even though its major host is quite common ; the conditions required for the parasite to produce fruit bodies are not well known . Some authors have suggested that it may grow equally well as a parasite or a saprobe . V. surrecta has been found on its host in several different habitat types , including birch woodlands , pine plantations , scrub , thickets of small trees or shrubs beside roads , and under brambles . No definite preference for soil type has been determined , having been found in sands , clay , gravels , and peat . In 1867 , Worthington George Smith reported that they had successfully cultivated the species by partially burying fruit bodies under water-soaked rotting fir leaves that were placed in a bell-glass in a warm room . According to their account , a white mycelium grew over the leaves and eventually formed small white pins ( immature , undifferentiated fruit bodies ) that grew into fully formed mushrooms about two weeks after starting .
The geographical distribution of the fungus includes North America north of Mexico , Northern Africa , Europe , New Zealand , and Asia ( Amur region of Russia , India , and Korea ) .
References
External links
Fungi described in 1829
Fungi of Africa
Fungi of Asia
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of New Zealand
Fungi of North America
Pluteaceae
The 2016–17 season was Maccabi Haifa 's 59th season in Israeli Premier League , and their 35th consecutive season in the top division of Israeli football .
Club
Kits
Provider : Nike , Inc .
Main sponsor : Honda
Secondary sponsor : Pointer and Variety Israel
Squad information
Current coaching staff
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|+
! style= '' background-color : # FFFFFF ; color : # 000000 ; '' scope= '' col '' |Position
! style= '' background-color : # FFFFFF ; color : # 000000 ; '' scope= '' col '' |Staff
|-
Transfers
Transfers in
Total spending : 3,160,000 €
Transfers out
Total Income : 1,829,000 €
Players out on loan
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall
Overview
Ligat Ha'Al
Regular season
Regular season table
Play-off
Championship round table
Results summary
Results by round
State Cup
Round of 32
Toto Cup
Group stage
Quarter-final
Israel Super Cup
Europa League
Second qualifying round
Statistics
Squad statistics
Updated on 18 March 2017
Goals
Updated on 17 March 2017
Clean sheets
Updated on 17 March 2017
Disciplinary record
Updated on 17 March 2017
Suspensions
Overall
{ |class= '' wikitable '' style= '' text-align : center ; ''
|-
!
! Total
! Home
! Away
! Natural
|-
|align=left| Games played || 36 || 18 || 17 || 1
|-
|align=left| Games won || 13 || 7 || 6 || -
|-
|align=left| Games drawn || 12 || 6 || 6 || bgcolor=darkgrey|
|-
|align=left| Games lost || 11 || 6 || 4 || 1
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win || 5–0 vs Hapoel Ashkelon || 5–0 vs Hapoel Ashkelon || 2–0 vs Maccabi Tel Aviv2–0 vs Hapoel Kfar Saba || -
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss || 0-3 vs Hapoel Haifa || 0-3 vs Hapoel Haifa || 0–2 vs Hapoel Be'er Sheva || 2–4 vs Hapoel Be'er Sheva
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win ( League ) || 5–0 vs Hapoel Ashkelon || 5–0 vs Hapoel Ashkelon || 2–0 vs Maccabi Tel Aviv2–0 vs Hapoel Kfar Saba || bgcolor=darkgrey|
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss ( League ) || 0-3 vs Hapoel Haifa || 0-3 vs Hapoel Haifa || 0–2 vs Hapoel Be'er Sheva || bgcolor=darkgrey|
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win ( Cup ) || - || - || - || -
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss ( Cup ) || 0–2 vs Maccabi Petah Tikva || 0–2 vs Maccabi Petah Tikva || - || -
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win ( Toto ) || 3–2 vs Hapoel Kfar Saba 2–1 vs Bnei Sakhnin 1–0 vs Hapoel Haifa || 2–1 vs Bnei Sakhnin 1–0 vs Hapoel Haifa || 3–2 vs Hapoel Kfar Saba || -
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss ( Toto ) || 1–2 vs Hapoel Be'er Sheva || - || 1–2 vs Hapoel Be'er Sheva ||
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win ( Suprcup ) || - || bgcolor=darkgrey| || bgcolor=darkgrey| || -
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss ( Suprcup ) || 2–4 vs Hapoel Be'er Sheva || bgcolor=darkgrey| || bgcolor=darkgrey| || 2–4 vs Hapoel Be'er Sheva
|-
|align=left| The Biggest win ( Europa ) || - || - || - || -
|-
|align=left| The Biggest loss ( Europa ) || - || - || - || -
|-
|align=left| Goals scored || 43 || 22 || 19 || 2
|-
|align=left| Goals conceded || 40 || 20 || 16 || 4
|-
|align=left| Goal difference || 3 || 2 || 3 || -2
|-
|align=left| Clean sheets || 13 || 6 || 7 || 0
|-
|align=left| Average per game || || || ||
|-
|align=left| Average per game || || || ||
|-
|align=left| Yellow cards || 75 || 34 || 37 || 4
|-
|align=left| Red cards || 4 || 2 || 2 || -
|-
|align=left| Most appearances ||colspan=4| Gary Kagelmacher ( 33 )
|-
|align=left| Most minutes played || colspan=4| Gary Kagelmacher ( 3,069 )
|-
|align=left| Most goals || colspan=4| Eliran Atar and Gili Vermouth ( 7 )
|-
|align=left|Penalties for || 13 || 7 || 6 || -
|-
|align=left|Penalties against || 1 || - || 1 || -
|-
|align=left| Winning rate || % || % || % || %
|-
References
External links
Maccabi Haifa website
Maccabi Haifa F.C . seasons
Maccabi Haifa
Winder-Barrow High School is a high school in Winder , Georgia , United States , serving grades 9–12 . It has an enrollment of about 2000 students , and is the home of the Winder-Barrow `` Bulldoggs . ''
Alumni
Travis Demeritte , baseball player
Brady House , baseball player
Rico Mack , NFL football player
Max Pentecost , baseball player
Olivia Nelson-Ododa , basketball player
Jena Sims , actor
Chandon Sullivan , NFL football player
References
External links
School website
Public high schools in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Schools in Barrow County , Georgia
The 2020 Nebraska Democratic presidential primary took place on Tuesday , May 12 , 2020 , as part of the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election . The Nebraska primary was a semi-closed primary . The state awarded 33 delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention , of which 29 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the primary . Joe Biden , the sole remaining Democratic candidate , won 76.8 % and all delegates , with Bernie Sanders very narrowly missing out on winning a delegate in the 2nd district . Nebraska was the first state in the Democratic primaries to hand all of its delegates to one candidate .
Procedure
While Nebraska Democrats previously had used caucuses as their nominating process , the party 's central committee decided on December 8 , 2018 to return to a primary system after the proposal had been `` overwhelmingly '' supported in a voice vote .
Voting started and ended simultaneously throughout the state , with polling places in the Central Time Zone open from 8:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m. and those in the Mountain Time Zone open between 7:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m . In the semi-closed primary , candidates had to meet a threshold of 15 percent at the congressional district or statewide level in order to be considered viable . The 29 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the primary . Of these , between 4 and 9 were allocated to each of the state 's 3 congressional districts and another 3 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials ( PLEO delegates ) , in addition to 6 at-large pledged delegates . These delegate totals assume Nebraska receives bonus delegates from timing and as a result of regional clustering . Originally planned with 25 delegates , the final number included a 20 % bonus of 4 additional delegates by the Democratic National Committee due to the May date , which belonged to Stage III on the primary timetable .
County conventions were subsequently held between Sunday , May 17 , 2020 and Sunday , May 31 , 2020 to elect delegates to the state convention , which was held between Saturday , June 13 and Sunday , June 14 , 2020 . The state convention voted on Saturday , June 13 , 2020 to designate national convention delegates , including 4 unpledged PLEO delegates ( 4 members of the Democratic National Committee ) .
Candidates
The following candidates were on the ballot in Nebraska :
Joe Biden
Tulsi Gabbard ( withdrawn )
Bernie Sanders ( withdrawn )
Elizabeth Warren ( withdrawn )
Michael Bloomberg , Pete Buttigieg , Amy Klobuchar and Tom Steyer had also qualified but withdrew before the deadline on March 10 and were taken off the ballot .
Results
See also
2020 Nebraska Republican presidential primary
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
Nebraska Democratic Party delegate selection plan
Nebraska Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
Essex was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly of the Parliament of the Province of Canada , in Canada West , at the south-western tip of the Ontario Peninsula . It was created in 1841 , upon the establishment of the Province of Canada by the union of Upper Canada and Lower Canada . Essex was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly . It was abolished in 1867 , upon the creation of Canada and the province of Ontario .
Boundaries
Essex electoral district was located at the southwestern tip of the Ontario Peninsula . It was based on the boundaries of Essex County , in Canada West ( now the province of Ontario ) .
The Union Act , 1840 had merged the two provinces of Upper Canada and Lower Canada into the Province of Canada , with a single Parliament . The separate parliaments of Lower Canada and Upper Canada were abolished.Union Act , 1840 , 3 & 4 Vict. , c. 35 , s. 2 . The Union Act provided that the pre-existing electoral boundaries of Upper Canada would continue to be used in the new Parliament , unless altered by the Union Act itself .
Essex County had been an electoral district in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada , and its boundaries were not altered by the Act . Those boundaries had originally been set by a proclamation of the first Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada , John Graves Simcoe , in 1792 :
The boundaries had been further defined by a statute of Upper Canada in 1798 :
Since Essex electoral district was not changed by the Union Act , those boundaries continued to be used for the new electoral district . Essex was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly .
Members of the Legislative Assembly
Essex was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly . The following were the members for Essex .
Abolition
The district was abolished on July 1 , 1867 , when the British North America Act , 1867 came into force , creating Canada and splitting the Province of Canada into Quebec and Ontario . It was succeeded by electoral districts of the same name in the House of Commons of Canada and the Legislative Assembly of Ontario .
References
.
Electoral districts of Canada West
Soleyman Khan Ardalan was the Ardalan beglerbeg ( governor ) of Kurdistan from 1637 to 1657 . They are notable for having founded the city of Sanandaj in 1636/37 , which would serve as the capital of the Ardalan principality until its dissolution in the 1860s . They were the cousin of Khan Ahmad Khan Ardalan , who had previously served as the governor of Kurdistan from 1617 to 1637 . Following the Iranian–Ottoman Treaty of Zohab in 1639 , Soleyman Khan lost the western half of their domain to the Ottomans , which included Shahrezur , Qaradagh , Qezelja , Sarutchek , Kirkuk , Rawandez , Emayideh , Koy , Harir and the western portion of Avraman . The extent of Kurdistan was thus now restricted to that of Sanandaj , Marivan , eastern Avraman , Baneh , Saqqeh , Javanrud , and some of the Jaf confederacy .
Soleyman Khan was eventually dismissed by Shah Abbas II ( ) for planning a revolt with the help of the Ottoman Empire . They were exiled to Mashhad in Khorasan , while their eldest son Kalb Ali Khan Ardalan was appointed the new governor .
References
Sources
Further reading
Ardalan
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
17th-century people of Safavid Iran
17th-century Kurdish people
Safavid governors of Kurdistan
City founders
`` Stay for Awhile '' is a 1986 single by Christian singer Amy Grant , and was the first single from their album The Collection . Background vocals were provided by themselves and their friend , Richard Page , lead singer for Mr. Mister at the time .
Background
Throughout 1985 and 1986 , Amy Grant was busy touring and promoting their successful pop-crossover album Unguarded . Previously they had been solely a CCM artist , but with the release of their single `` Find a Way '' , they established themselves as a credible name in mainstream music .
Despite their success , they were also suffering personal problems . Them husband , Gary Chapman , had become addicted to cocaine , and they spent most of early 1986 trying to deal with the problem . Even though they hardly had time for new recordings , they did manage to release the No . 1 pop single `` The Next Time I Fall , '' which was a duet with Peter Cetera , and their record company issued a best-of compilation that covered their first ten years in the music industry .
Personnel
Amy Grant – lead and backing vocals
Dann Huff – guitar
Nathan East – bass
Paul Leim – drums
Paulinho Da Costa – percussion
David Gamson - keyboards
Michael W. Smith – keyboards
Shane Keister – keyboards
Robbie Buchanan – keyboards
Steve Schaffer – Synclavier programming
Richard Page – backing vocals
Track listing
Remixes ( featuring Tony Moran ) - EP
Stay for Awhile ( featuring Tony Moran ) [ Destination Radio Mix ] - 3:38
Stay for Awhile ( featuring Tony Moran ) [ Destination Mixshow Edit ] - 6:38
Stay for Awhile ( featuring Tony Moran ) [ Destination Club Anthem Remix ] - 8:52
Stay for Awhile ( featuring Tony Moran & Warren Rigg ) [ Radio Mix ] - 4:08
Stay for Awhile ( featuring Tony Moran & Warren Rigg ) [ Club Mix ] - 9:00
Official versions
Album version - 5:37
Edited version - 3:43
Promo version - 4:22
Tony Moran & Warren Rigg club mix - 5:39
Tony Moran & Warren Rigg radio edit - 4:08
Tony Moran Destination Club anthem remix - 9:00
Tony Moran Destination mixshow edit - 6:45
Tony Moran Destination radio mix - 3:37
Chart Success
In June 1986 , The Collection was released in two separate LPs and cassette versions , and `` Stay for Awhile '' was issued as its first single . Although there was a lack of promotion for both the album and the single , The Collection managed to top the Inspirational chart and `` Stay for Awhile '' topped the Christian radio chart and made the Top Twenty of the Adult Contemporary chart . `` Stay for Awhile '' paved the road to further pop radio success for Grant . Them next single , `` The Next Time I Fall '' became their first No . 1 pop song ( following a long line of No . 1 songs on the Christian Music charts ) .
Charts
Amy Grant songs
1986 singles
Songs written by Wayne Kirkpatrick
Songs written by Amy Grant
Synval Silva ( Juiz de Fora , March 14 , 1911 – Rio de Janeiro , April 14 , 1994 ) was a singer and Brazilian composer . Their main successes were recorded by Carmen Miranda .
References
External links
Synval Silva at the Dicionário Cravo Albin da Música Popular Brasileira
1911 births
1994 deaths
Brazilian composers
People from Minas Gerais
20th-century composers
Edmund Hansen Grut ( January 15 , 1831 – 13 June 1907 ) was a Danish ophthalmologist born in Copenhagen .
In 1857 they earned their medical doctorate at the University of Copenhagen , and afterwards traveled to Berlin , where they studied with Albrecht von Graefe ( 1828-1870 ) . In 1863 they opened an eye clinic at Nørregade , Copenhagen , and in 1873 founded an ophthalmic clinic at Havnegade ( Harbour Street ) , not far from the University Hospital .
By 1880 , the Havnegade clinic had 19 beds for patients , and on the average performed around 100 cataract surgeries per year . It was also a centre of training for ophthalmology students , where men such as Jannik Petersen Bjerrum ( 1851-1920 ) , Marius Tscherning ( 1854-1939 ) and Gordon Norrie ( 1855-1941 ) worked as assistants . In 1882 Grut became a lecturer at the university , and in 1888 became the first professor of ophthalmology in Denmark . For a period of time they were editor-in-chief of the periodical Nordisk Oftalmologisk Tidsskrift .
References
The Baltic Eye , Highlights in Danish Ophthalmology 1880-1900
The History of the Ophthalmological Society of Copenhagen
19th-century Danish physicians
Danish ophthalmologists
People from Copenhagen
University of Copenhagen faculty
1831 births
1907 deaths
The Bank Employees ' Union is the name of :
Bank Employees ' Union ( Finland ) , a former trade union
Bank Employees ' Union ( Trinidad and Tobago ) , a former trade union
Botswana Bank Employees ' Union , a trade union
Australian Bank Employees ' Union or ABEU , now part of the Finance Sector Union
Illustrated Magazine or The Illustrated Magazine may refer to :
Hutchings ' Illustrated California Magazine , San Francisco
The English Illustrated Magazine , London
See also
Disambiguation pages
Illustrated ( disambiguation )
Illustrated News
Illustrated Weekly
Mandera is an administrative ward in Chalinze District of Pwani Region in Tanzania .
The ward covers an area of , and has an average elevation of . According to the 2012 census , the ward has a total population of 9,365 .
References
Geography of Pwani Region
Zarduiyeh ( , also Romanized as Zardū'īyeh ; also known asZardūn ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 422 , in 84 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The 2009 National Hurling League ( known as the Allianz National Hurling League for sponsorship reasons ) was the 78th season of the National Hurling League .
Structure
The National Hurling League saw a major restructuring of the usual four divisions with the teams divided more equitably into a five-tier structure .
Division 1 was a single division and was confined to the top eight teams . The top two teams in the division qualified for the final . Division 2 operated in a similar manner .
Division 3A was a newly-created division and consisted of six teams . The top two teams in the division qualified for the final . Division 3B operated in a similar manner , however , that division consisted of seven teams .
Division 4 was a single division consisting of six teams . The top two teams in the division qualified for the final .
Division 1
Tipperary came into the season as defending champions of the 2008 season .
On 3 May 2009 , Kilkenny won the title after a 4-17 to 2-26 extra-time win over Tipperary . It was their first league title since 2006 and their 14th National League title overall .
Clare failed to win a single group stage game - finishing in the bottom position - and were relegated to Division 2 for the 2010 league .
Dublin 's Alan McCrabbe was the Division 1 top scorer with 1-50 .
Structure
A total of 8 teams contested the top division of the league , including all of the sides from the 2008 season that formerly took part in Divisions 1A and 1B . Due to the restructuring the 2008 Division 2 champions did not gain promotion to the top tier .
Each team played all the others in its group once , earning 2 points for a win and 1 for a draw . The first-placed teams in Division 1 contested the final .
Table
Group stage
Knock-out stage
Final
Top scorers
Overall
Single game
Division 2
Table
Group stage
Knock-out stage
Final
Scoring statistics
Top scorers overall
Top scorers in a single game
Division 3A
Final
Kildare won promotion to Division Two for 2010 while Meath remained in Division Three for 2010
Division 3B
Final
London won promotion to Division Three A for 2010 while Roscommon remained in Division Three B for 2010
Division 4
Final
Sligo won promotion to Division Three B for 2010 while Monaghan remained in Division Four for 2010
Promotion and relegation
References
External links
National Hurling League seasons
John Robert Boone ( commonly known as Johnny Boone ) is an American farmer , who was a former leader of the Cornbread Mafia in the 1980s , one of the largest domestic marijuana syndicates in American history . They have been referred to as the `` Godfather of Grass '' .
Biography
Boone was born in Washington County , Kentucky . They were raised by their grandfather who was a farmer and bootlegger . Boone won state 4-H titles in high school for both sheep breeding and tobacco growing . They were a three-time football letterman and graduated in 1961 . Boone did not go to college and instead started a family and became a farmer . By the 1970s , Boone was cultivating what was said to be the best breed of pot in Kentucky , labeled `` Kentucky Bluegrass '' by High Times .
In the 1980s , Boone was a leader in the Cornbread Mafia , a drug organization in Kentucky dubbed the `` largest domestic marijuana syndicate in American history '' . During their time in the organization , they helped set up marijuana farms in their home state of Kentucky as well as surrounding states in the Midwest including Indiana , Illinois , and Kansas . They were arrested in 1987 as the ringleader of the organization and sentenced to 20 years in prison .
In June 2008 , police discovered Boone growing 2,421 marijuana seedlings on their farm outside Springfield , Kentucky in Washington County , but Boone escaped arrest , under threat of a life sentence without parole because the bust would be their third federal conviction under the Three Strikes Law . Boone became a fugitive and the subject of a segment of America 's Most Wanted . On Dec. 22 , 2016 , after eight years on the run , Johnny Boone was arrested in a small town outside Montreal . Boone was later sentenced to fifty-seven months in prison .
Legacy
Boone has previously admitted to their wrongdoings and been quoted as saying , `` we 're from a poor place … I do n't think anybody here is into any kind of thievery . I can only say that … in our area , marijuana is one of the things that helps put bread on the table for people . '' They were also known as being humble and taking care of their community in Marion and Washington Counties , Kentucky . During an eight year period when they were on the run , U.S . Marshals were unable to get information from people on their whereabouts , being told by residents they would n't tell their location even if they knew .
References
American people convicted of drug offenses
American farmers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People convicted of cannabis offenses
( One or United ) is an oratorio written on a commission from the Ökumenischer Kirchentag 2021 in Frankfurt , Hesse , Germany , the third ecumenical convention of lay Christians of different denominations in Germany . The text was written jointly by the Protestant pastor Eugen Eckert and the Catholic Franciscan Helmut Schlegel . The music of many genres was composed by Peter Reulein for the more traditional parts and by Bernhard Kießig for jazz and pop elements . The work is subtitled Ökumenisches Oratorium in vier Bildern für Solisten , Chor , Orchester und Band ( Ecumenical Oratorio in four scenes for soloists , choir , orchestra and band ) .
The oratorio was published in 2021 by the Dehm Verlag . The premiere , planned to be in a football arena with audience participation , had to happen without audience due to the COVID-19 pandemic . A film of a shortened version was produced as a livestream , and first presented on 14 May 2021 as part of the Kirchentag .
References
German-language oratorios
Oratorios based on the Bible
2021 compositions
Christianity in Hesse
Culture of Hesse
Christian ecumenism
`` The Artist as a Young Machine '' was a multimedia exhibition that took place at the Ontario Science Centre in Toronto throughout the summer of 1984 . The exhibits demonstrated the use of technology in creating and experience many different forms of art . Since many of the attendees were children , a heavy emphasis was placed on human-machine interaction that did not require any special artistic or technical skill on the part of the attendee .
Artforms included computer graphics , writing , music , animation , and choreography .
Several 8-bit computing platforms were featured in hands-on , interactive displays that let attendees create their own art using technology . For example , one could use MacPaint and MacWrite running on the then-new Apple Macintosh to create black-and-white bitmap graphics and written text ; use a variety of synthesizers to create music ; and dance in front of a video camera connected to a video processor that would introduce a variety of special effects and project the result onto a large screen in real-time .
Other technology on display included the Commodore 64 computer running educational video games for children , DEC Unix workstations running the Logo turtle graphics interpreter , and the pen-based Sony GrEdit for creation of computer graphics .
One notable exhibit featured computer generated works of art demonstrating early forms of artificial intelligence .
Short films featuring computer-assisted animation were also shown , including one titled Night Flight .
External links
Special Event in Toronto , Canada Usenet announcement from 1984
A Selected Chronology of Computer Art : Exhibitions , Publications , and Technology Mention of exhibit in College Art Association journal
OSC1984 Excerpt from video tape documenting The Artist as a Young Machine Exhibit at the Ontario Science Centre in the summer of 1984
1984 in Canada
Events in Toronto
The electricity supply in Brisbane has been an important part of the economic and social development of the city of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
1882-1925
In 1882 , a demonstration of what electricity could do was conducted with eight arc lights along Queen Street in Brisbane , the capital and largest city in Queensland . Power was supplied by a 10 hp generator driven by a small engine in a foundry in Adelaide Street . This was Australia 's first recorded use of electricity for public purposes .
The first practical use of electricity was for lighting in the Government Printing Office in George Street in April 1883 . In 1886 , the Roma Street Railway Yards were using arc lights , and in the same year , an underground cable connected the Parliament House from the Printing Office , the first of any Parliament House in Australia . The supervision of the laying of cable was done by E.C . Barton , who formed a company with C.F . White and in 1888 built a power house in Edison Lane behind the General Post Office with a generating capacity of 30 kW . The General Post Office became the first consumer of electricity in Australia and Barton and White the first electricity supplier in Australia . Adjoining shops were supplied by overhead wires , becoming the first non-government customers .
In 1896 , Barton ceased their partnership with White and established the Brisbane Electric Supply Co. , which in 1899 relocated from Edison Lane to Ann St . In 1904 the company renamed itself the Central Electric Lighting Co. ( CEL ) . Growing demand resulted in CEL building a new power station in William St in 1910 with a capacity of 1.2 MW , with the 0.5 MW plant relocated from Ann St in the same year and a further 0.7 MW capacity added the following year . In 1914 CEL converted to AC generation , DC being used until that time .
In the meantime the Brisbane Tramway Co. decided to electrify its network , and in 1897 it built Queensland 's first significant power station at Countess Street , generating 0.9 MW @ 550 VDC , with capacity expanded to 4.05 MW by 1915 as the network was progressively electrified , as well as the construction of a second plant at Light Street with a capacity of 1.05 MW in 1913 .
1925-1938
In 1925 , the greater Brisbane City Council ( BCC ) was created , from the old City of Brisbane , City of South Brisbane and various smaller Towns ( Hamilton , Ithaca , Sandgate , Toowong , Windsor and Wynnum ) and Shires ( Balmoral , Belmont , Coorparoo , Enoggera , Kedron , Moggill , Sherwood , Stephens , Taringa , Tingalpa , Toombul and Yeerongpilly ) .
CEL held the 'franchise ' for the former Brisbane and South Brisbane Council areas , and when the BCC decided to take over the generation and distribution of electricity , it offered to purchase CEL in 1926 , the offer being rejected . Council had taken over the tramways network with three small powerhouses , none with enough capacity for expansion of the electricity network . To be able to expand , Council decided to construct a new powerhouse , and in 1928 , the New Farm Powerhouse ( now known as the Brisbane Powerhouse ) became operational . The station had an initial capacity of 18.75 MW , expanding to 93.75 MW upon completion . The Countess St power station was decommissioned in the same year .
CEL opened the Bulimba A power station in 1926 with an initial capacity of 12.5 MW , this being expanded to 92.5 MW by 1944 . The William St power station was closed in 1931 , and the plant sold to the Evans & Deakin engineering company . No longer able to expand its customer base in Brisbane , CEL commenced a program of rural electrification .
In addition to supplying the tramways network , the New Farm Powerhouse also allowed for the construction of an 11 kV network to supply power for electric light . Previously CEL had supplied this area under 10 year orders , but with Council having a new powerhouse , they slowly inherited the new areas of supply as each order expired . By 1935 , only the old City of Brisbane and City of South Brisbane were still supplied by CEL , with the rest of Brisbane supplied by the BCC Electricity Supply Department .
Electricity Substations
Four initial 11 kV Substations were constructed in 1928 by Council at : Victoria Park ( No.4 ) , Lang Park ( No . 6 ) , Victoria Street , Woolloongabba ( No . 9 ) and Cairns St , Kangaroo Point ( No.11 ) . By 1930 they had constructed four more 11 kV Substations : Balmoral ( No . 12 ) , Stephens ( now Moorooka ) ( No . 13 ) , Hamilton ( No . 5 ) , and Coorparoo ( No . 10 ) . These substations were supplied with 11 kV , and had to transform down to 5 kV , which was the voltage that CEL had constructed in these areas . The primary purpose initially was to supply residential areas with electric light , as electricity was an expensive commodity , and most houses did not use it for any other purposes .
These substations were constructed in accordance with the designs of long term City Architect Alfred Herbert Foster ( A.H.Foster , born 1873 - 23 March 1932 ) . They joined the old City of Brisbane in 1913 as an Architectural Assistant to the City Engineer , and was made City Architect upon the formation of the greater Brisbane City Council . Harold Austen Erwood ( H.A.Erwood , born c.1884 - 1947 ) was Foster 's long term assistant and successor , working as an Architect with Foster at the old City of Brisbane , from 1914 , then at the greater Brisbane City Council after 1925 , until Foster 's death in 1932 . Erwood had to wait to be appointed City Architect however , and was still waiting in August 1932 . BCC finally changed their designation from Chief Architectural Assistant to Chief Architect on 30 April 1933 . Reyburn Jameson ( Born c.1880 - 1950 ) was employed as an Assistant Architect from 1926–1929 . South African born Jameson was previously employed as a draftsman by CEL from 1918-1920 and the City of Brisbane from 1921–1922 . All three men appear to have been made Registered Architects from 14 June 1929 , when the Architects Registration Act 1929 was enacted .
The substation buildings near or in residential areas were designed by Foster to fit in with residential areas , with similar designs employed by their successor Erwood .
Details of the brick building substations by Foster and Erwood are below .
Half of the interwar period brick substation buildings in the table above no longer exist , some have been replaced by newer substations that have been heritage listed . These substations were constructed to take supply from the New Farm Powerhouse , and when BCC constructed the new Tennyson Powerhouse , the 11 kV substations lost their importance , with the new Tennyson 33 kV network and Zone Substations taking over their role . BCC had been having voltage drop problems , and while initially they installed 11 kV feeder regulators with tap changers on the edge of the network , including Toowong substation , the new 33 kV networks was able to resolve this problem .
Erwood designed Kedron , Hamilton , Toowong and Holland Park Substations , which no longer exists . Their remaining examples are the Nundah and Newmarket Substations , and while both the original brick buildings survive , both sites have been expanded and upgraded to 33 kV/11 kV Zone Substations . Kedron Substation site is still in use as a 33 kV zone substation , but Erwoods 's original building , built c.1933 was designed to take underground 11 kV supply from the New Farm Powerhouse . Kedron Substation was also where the BCC 's 33 kV transmission line to Somerset dam originated , which was constructed on-site about the same time as the substation . A photo of the site taken in 1950 with the new enclosed 33 kV building and the old 11 kV building side by side is here ( Brisbane City Council ) . Similarly , there is another photo of the beautiful original Holland Park Substation taken in 1953 ( Brisbane City Council ) ,
The old Coorparoo Street Lighting Substation , located at Main Avenue , Coorparoo was constructed in May 1930 for the new 'Series ' system street lighting . While there were already three 5 kV street lighting substation buildings , Coorparoo Substation ( No . 10 ) was the first BCC 11 kV public lighting substation building , and by 1940 , there were three such buildings . Coorparoo Substation was fed from the old Woolloongabba ( No.9 ) Substation with 11 kV , which it then converted to 5 kV . The 'series ' system was replaced by the 'parallel ' system of street lighting by 1965 , with the last of the 'series ' system removed by 1977 , with the Coorparoo Substation ( No . 10 ) made redundant and decommissioned . The plans for the substation were signed by Reyburn Jameson ( rather than Foster ) which is perhaps why , unlike the other substation , it is made out of 200 mm concrete blocks , the only pre-World War Two Brisbane substation to be built of such materials . The site is still owned by Brisbane City Council , and has become far more visible from Old Cleveland Road , with the construction of the Eastern Busway in 2011 , resulting in the demolition of homes between the substation and Old Cleveland Road , giving a much clearer views of the building from that road , as well as Main Avenue . The demolition of the Bowls Club for the Eastern Busway also resulted in the building becoming far more prominent with much more clear space around the site .
The interwar BCC 11 kV substation buildings have `` a landmark quality due to its picturesque design , which was the result of a decision by the City Architect of the period , A.H. Foster , to limit the visual impact of Electrical Supply Department substations in residential areas by drawing on contemporary domestic architecture . The small industrial building reflects the prestige that the BCC associated with its electrification drive of the late 1920s and 1930s ''
This style of substation was discontinued from 1940 with the dismissal of Erwood , when a new Council was elected , although the differing priorities brought by World War Two had already effectively meant that the Newmarket Substation built in 1938 was the last of its kind . The next City Architect , Frank Costello would bring a very different style of substation building design , seen to be far more in keeping with the wishes of the newly elected Brisbane City Council , headed by John Beals Chandler as Mayor and with their Citizens ' Municipal Organisation aligned Councillors . On 16 July 1940 , it was reported that 5 Executive Officers of the Council had been sacked , with Erwood one of them , after 26 years of service . Erwood was reported to have said : `` In wartime anything is possible , but this came as a complete surprise to me
1940 to 1953
On 24 February 1941 , a 38-year-old Sydney-based architect Frank G. Costello was appointed as the new City Architect . Costello had a completely different style of substation building , creating a much more utilitarian building , very different to their predecessors .
One of the substations they constructed was at Dudley Street , Annerley ( Photo of Annerley Substation , taken 8 February 1952 ) . Another was an upgrade of Moorooka ( formerly called Stephens ) Substation , with the photo taken in 1949 , Brisbane City Council
Costello , later became the overall Town Planning and Building Department Manager , when the Town Planner , R.A. McInnes left Council . With the end of the Chandler administration in 1952 , Costello themselves was fired along with seven other executive officers ( including their deputy ) , C.A . Hamilton on 7 July 1952 .
Costello went on to work for a private firm immediately after their dismissal . Controversy was caused , when an engineer was called in to act in the role of City Architect , after Costello 's successor in the Town Planning and Building Department Manager role , Mr. L.U.C . Kempster departed in 1954 ( as the former Town Clerk of the old Sandgate Town Council , Kempster was the last of the former town clerks to still be work at Brisbane City Council ) . The purge of the section saw most of the staff working on the then proposed town plan sacked , including many of the remaining qualified architects with the last remaining senior architect departing in 1953 .
See also
Energy in Queensland
History of electricity supply in Queensland
Brisbane Powerhouse
Coorparoo Substation No . 210
References
External links
Energy in Queensland
History of Brisbane
Economic history of Queensland
Economy of Brisbane
Nangade District is a district of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique . It covers 3,005 km² with 71,588 inhabitants ( 2015 ) . It is bordered by Mtwara Region , Tanzania to the north .
External links
Government profile
Districts in Cabo Delgado Province
Hell is a 1998 novel by Kathryn Davis . It was their third novel .
Major themes
The novel cross-cuts exploring two different households over three centuries . The story explores how conflict and pain at once hold the families together while pulling them apart .
Publication history
Published in 1998 by Ecco Press ( imprint of HarperCollins ) , in 2003 it was reprinted by Hachette Book Group imprint Back Bay Books .
In an interview with Bookslut , Kathryn Davis talked about the struggle to get Hell published : `` It came out in '98 , I think . But I had finished it , and it took awhile first to find the publisher , because the editor who had published the previous novel ( The Girl Who Trod on a Loaf ) , when they read Hell , it just knocked them for a loop . In a bad way . They sort of did n't want to have anything to do with it . Then my agent kind of threw up their hands , because I think they had been hoping they would take it . They did n't really shop it around as much as in retrospect I think they might have because they just thought if Gary was n't going to publish it , probably nobody would . They actually said that to me . Then they sent it to one of the other smaller presses , and finally Ecco bought it . That was good , but it took a while . It had been finished several years before it finally saw print . ''
Literary significance and reception
Joy Press , writing in The Village Voice , said Davis ' style made them think of Davis as `` [ ... ] the love child of Virginia Woolf and Lewis Carroll , with a splash of Nabokov , Brontë , and Angela Carter in the gene pool . '' On Hell itself , they wrote : `` Hell is their tour de force , a topsy-turvy anti-narrative that juxtaposes the domesticated misery of a 1950s family with the excesses of 19th-century master chef Antonin Caréme and Victorian household expert Edwina Moss . ''
A review in The New York Times praised Davis ' haunting language : `` Davis 's writing shines brightest when , with sinuous sentences and catalogues of objects , they describe interiors so complex that you feel as if you 'd stepped into a box assembled by Joseph Cornell . ''
References
1998 American novels
Ecco Press books
Insects vs Robots is a five-piece band from Venice , California They employ unusual instruments such as the violin , charango , harp , banjo , kazoo , harmonium , and sitar . They have gained a reputation for having a captivating live performance and diverse sound , created from a large blend of influences .
Albums
The band released their eponymous album in 2013 , Tales From The Blue House in 2011 , Geryl & The Great Homunculus in 2010 , and a self titled EP in 2009 .
References
External links
Official website
American folk musical groups
Progressive rock musical groups from California
Psychedelic rock music groups from California
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Chen Chuankuo ( ; born October 1945 ) is a lieutenant general in the People 's Liberation Army of China . They were a member of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party and a member of the Standing Committee of the 11th Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference .
Biography
Chen was born in Huainan , Anhui , in October 1945 . They secondary studied at Huainan No . 2 High School . They joined the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) in January 1966 , and enlisted in the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) in January 1970 . They served in the Central Guards Regiment from 1970 to 1978 and the People 's Liberation Army General Staff Department from 1978 to 1993 . In April 1993 , they became deputy chief of staff of the People 's Armed Police , rising to chief of staff in December 1999 . They were commissioned as deputy commander in December 2003 , serving in the post until their retirement in January 2009 .
They were promoted to the rank of major general ( shaojiang ) in September 1994 and lieutenant general ( zhongjiang ) in July 2001 .
References
1945 births
Living people
People from Huainan
PLA National Defence University alumni
People 's Liberation Army generals from Anhui
People 's Republic of China politicians from Anhui
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Anhui
Members of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the Standing Committee of the 11th Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference
Weißenohe is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Forchheim ( district )
Omarabad or Amrabad or Omarabad or Umrabad ( ) may refer to :
Amrabad , Kazerun ( امراباد ) , Fars Province
Amrabad , Khamareh ( عمراباد ) , Fars Province
Omrabad , Hamadan ( عمراباد )
Amrabad Kurd , Hamadan Province
Amrabad , Kerman ( عمراباد )
Amrabad , Kermanshah ( عمراباد )
Omarabad , Markazi ( عمراباد )
Omarabad , Sistan and Baluchestan ( عمراباد )
Omarabad , West Azerbaijan ( عمراباد )
Omarabad , Anzal ( عمراباد ) , West Azerbaijan Province
Kazemabad ( , also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād ) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 25 , in 5 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The men 's javelin throw event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 11 and 13 September 1979 .
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Final
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
`` When We Were Young '' is a 1983 single by UK pop group Bucks Fizz . The track features lead vocals by band member Jay Aston . The song became their sixth top-ten-hit in the UK and it is one of their biggest hits in Europe .
Overview
Song information
The song was written by Warren Harry ( under the name Warren Bacall ) and was produced by Brian Tench and Andy Hill—the first time Hill had not solely produced one of the group 's singles . The song 's lyrics tell of a woman in old age , who laments the fact that they have lost their youth and looks .
The song was notable for its change in direction for the group . The production was heavy and the song had an ominous tone far removed from the group 's usual pop sound . It was the first and only single to feature lead vocals by Jay Aston . Aston 's vocals were notably different from their solo appearances on previous songs ( e.g . `` Getting Kinda Lonely '' on Bucks Fizz and `` Easy Love '' on Are You Ready ) . At the time of release , Aston said of the song : `` It 's a very different kind of song . It 's much harder and heavier and a concerted effort from Andy and the production team . We 'll probably lose a lot of our old fans with this single but I hope we 'll interest lots of new people . '' Aston has also said that they were adopting an affected voice , similar to Hazel O'Connor , although a review at the time remarked on their simulating Lene Lovich . Aston has since stated , despite the song 's success , their vocal affectation was n't a good idea , although they have rated it their favourite Bucks Fizz song , while member Cheryl Baker has commented that they never liked the song due to its downbeat tone .
The single was released in June 1983 , on 7 '' and 12 '' vinyl . It was also released on 7 '' and 12 '' vinyl picture discs . The B-side to the single was `` Where the Ending Starts '' ( also featuring Aston on lead ) , which had been recently released on the group 's third album , Hand Cut . The 12 '' single featured an extended version of the song with a long drum-laden passage after the second chorus . Also included on this was a previously unreleased bonus track `` When the Love Has Gone '' . `` When We Were Young '' was later featured on the group 's first Greatest Hits album , released in November 1983 . In 2005 , it was released in a slightly edited form on the Bucks Fizz compilation , The Ultimate Anthology .
Music Video
The promotional video for the song prominently featured Jay Aston singing the song to the camera on a set resembling a room in a house . Throughout the video , they are dressed in a white basque , adorned with frills and torn pieces of material . Them hair is unusually long and unkempt . At the bridge , the other members of the group appear separately facing the camera in a misty setting . After the second chorus , the group appear together , standing against a garishly-coloured chroma key background . In the distance , electricity pylons are visible . Aston , while remarking on the musical change in direction for the group , also made mention that the video took a different approach to their previous ones . The video was filmed in Germany , although is mainly studio-bound .
Chart performance
`` When We Were Young '' became the group 's ninth consecutive top 20 hit in the UK . The single entered the chart on the 18th of June 1983 , at No.23 , which was the group 's highest ever first-week entry into the charts , beating `` Making Your Mind Up '' by one place . The following week it rose to its peak position of ten , where it remained for the following week . It then fell down the chart , remaining there for eight weeks in total . The single performed particularly well in Europe also , becoming their biggest hit since `` The Land of Make Believe '' and the third biggest hit of the group 's career . It reached the top ten in Ireland , as well top 20 placings in the Netherlands and Austria . This was to be Bucks Fizz 's last UK top 10 hit for three years .
Track listing
7 '' single
`` When We Were Young '' ( Warren Bacall ) ( 4.04 )
`` Where the Ending Starts '' ( Andy Hill ) ( 3.57 )
12 '' single
`` When We Were Young '' ( extended club mix ) ( 6.27 )
`` When the Love Has Gone '' ( Andy Hill / Nichola Martin ) ( 5.50 )
`` Where the Ending Starts '' ( 3.57 )
Chart positions
References
External links
Bucks Fizz-When We Were Young on Allmusic
1983 singles
Bucks Fizz songs
1983 songs
RCA Records singles
Maddox is an unincorporated community in Hardin County , Tennessee . Maddox is located at the intersection of Tennessee State Route 69 and Tennessee State Route 226 , south of Savannah .
References
Unincorporated communities in Hardin County , Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
John Anton Yngve ( October 4 , 1924 – May 21 , 2019 ) was an American lawyer and politician .
Early life and education
Yngve was born in Thief River Falls , Minnesota . They graduated from the St. Louis Park High School in St. Louis Park , Minnesota . They received their law degree from University of Minnesota in 1949 .
Career
Yngve served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II . After graduating from law school , they established a legal practice in Plymouth , Minnesota . Yngve served on the Plymouth City Council and on the Plymouth Planning Commission from 1959 to 1962 . They served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1963 to 1968 as a Republican . They served on the University of Minnesota Board of Regents from 1969 to 1975 .
Personal life
Yngve died in Golden Valley , Minnesota in 2019 .
References
External links
1924 births
2019 deaths
People from Thief River Falls , Minnesota
People from Plymouth , Minnesota
Military personnel from Minnesota
United States Army Air Forces soldiers
University of Minnesota Law School alumni
Minnesota lawyers
Minnesota Republicans
Minnesota city council members
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
20th-century American lawyers
People from Golden Valley , Minnesota
1986 ACC Tournament may refer to :
1986 ACC men 's basketball tournament
1986 ACC women 's basketball tournament
1986 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Ostrov is a commune in Tulcea County , Northern Dobruja , Romania . It is composed of two villages , Ostrov and Piatra .
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
U-571 is a 2000 submarine film directed by Jonathan Mostow from a screenplay they co-wrote with Sam Montgomery and David Ayer . The film stars Matthew McConaughey , Harvey Keitel , Bill Paxton , Jon Bon Jovi , Jake Weber and Matthew Settle . The film , telling the story of a World War II German submarine boarded by American submariners to capture their Enigma cipher machine , does not represent any real events .
Although the film was financially successful and reasonably well received by critics , and won the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing , the plot attracted substantial criticism . British sailors from captured the first naval Enigma machine from in the North Atlantic in May 1941 , months before the United States entered the war and three years before the US Navy captured and its Enigma machine . Anger over these inaccuracies reached the House of Commons , where the Prime Minister , Tony Blair , agreed that the film was an `` affront '' to British sailors . The film was also criticized for portraying German U-boat crews in a negative light by showing them gunning down Allied survivors instead of giving them assistance or taking them aboard as prisoners .
Plot
During the Battle of the Atlantic , after sinking a merchant ship from an Allied convoy , German U-boat U-571 has their engines badly damaged by depth charges from a British destroyer . U-571 's skipper Kapitänleutnant Günther Wassner makes a distress call that is intercepted by American intelligence . The US Navy has its submarine S-33 modified to resemble a German resupply U-boat , to try to steal the Enigma machine coding device and sink the U-571 . Before the crew of S-33 receives its assignment , the submarine 's executive officer Lieutenant Tyler is unhappy about a recommendation for command of their own submarine being blocked by their commanding officer , Lieutenant Commander Dahlgren .
During a storm , S-33 's boarding party surprises and overwhelms the crew of U-571 . After securing U-571 , the American S-33 is torpedoed by the arriving German resupply submarine . Dahlgren is blown off the deck and seriously wounded ; while struggling in the sea they refuse rescue and orders the boarding party on the captured U-boat immediately to submerge . Tyler takes command of U-571 and dives below the surface , where they subsequently engage and sink the resupply submarine .
After making repairs and restoring its power , Tyler decides to route the disabled submarine toward Land 's End in Cornwall . However , they are spotted by a German reconnaissance plane , which is unaware that U-571 has been commandeered by Americans . A nearby German destroyer sends over some crew , but before they arrive , Tyler gives orders to fire a shot from the deck gun , which destroys the ship 's radio room , preventing it from reporting the situation and revealing that the Allies have the Enigma . The submarine then dives beneath the German destroyer , which begins to drop depth charges . U-571 's Kapitänleutnant Wassner escapes captivity , and kills one of Tyler 's crew , but they are subdued before they can sabotage the engines .
Tyler attempts to deceive the destroyer into stopping its attack , by ejecting debris and a dead crew member out of a torpedo tube , faking their own destruction . However , the destroyer continues to drop depth charges . U-571 drops below , and is damaged by high water pressure . They start to sink , and can only reverse this by ascending uncontrollably . Tyler orders crewman Trigger to submerge themselves in the bilge underwater to repressurize the single remaining torpedo tube .
Trigger uses an air hose to breathe inside the flooded compartment . They close the air valve to the stern tube , but finds a second leak , which they ca n't reach . The crew realizes that Wassner , despite being shackled , is using Morse Code to tap out a signal that the submarine had been captured , so Hirsch kills him . U-571 surfaces heavily damaged and begins to flood , unable to fire its last torpedo . The pursuing destroyer fires with its main guns : the damage pins Trigger 's legs when they are beyond reach of the air hose . Unable to turn back , they manage to close the valve just before they drown . Tyler orders Tank to fire the torpedo ; the destroyer is unable to take evasive action and is sunk . As the crew sighs in relief , Tank reports Trigger 's death . However , the submarine has taken severe damage , and so the crew abandons it with the Enigma in their possession . They watch U-571 as it slips beneath the waves once and for all . They are eventually spotted and rescued from their lifeboat by a US Navy PBY Catalina flying boat .
Cast
Matthew McConaughey as Lieutenant Andrew Tyler
Bill Paxton as Lieutenant Commander Mike Dahlgren
Harvey Keitel as Chief Gunner 's Mate Henry Klough
Jon Bon Jovi as Lieutenant Pete Emmett
David Keith as Major Matthew Coonan
Jake Weber as Lieutenant Michael Hirsch
Jack Noseworthy as Seaman Bill Wentz
Tom Guiry as Seaman Ted `` Trigger '' Fitzgerald
Will Estes as Torpedoman Ronald `` Rabbit '' Parker
T. C. Carson as Seaman Eddie Carson
Erik Palladino as Seaman Anthony Mazzola
Dave Power as Motor Machinist Charles `` Tank '' Clemens
Derk Cheetwood as Seaman Herb Griggs
Matthew Settle as Ensign Keith Larson
Thomas Kretschmann as Kapitänleutnant Günther Wassner
Gunter Würger as Oberleutnant zur See Kohl
Oliver Stokowski as Electro-Obermaschinist Hans
Burnell Tucker as Admiral Duke
Paul McEvoy ( uncredited ) as German Captain
Production
U-571 was filmed in the Mediterranean , near Rome and Malta . Footage , sets and models from the movie have been reused for other productions , including Submerged , depicting the loss of , and the fictional Ghostboat . A non-diving replica of the US submarine S-33 is located in Grand Harbour , Valletta .
In the U.S. the film was originally rated `` R '' , because of a scene where Lt. Emmett is beheaded by flying debris . To get a `` PG-13 '' , the shot was redone with Emmett instead knocked overboard . This left the audience not knowing what had happened to their character . A death scene was also filmed for Major Coonan , but the effect did not work well , so it was cut .
Critical reception
The film was generally well received by critics . On Rotten Tomatoes , the film holds a score of 67 % based on 116 reviews , with an average rating of 6.30/10 . The consensus reads : `` Excellent cinematography and an interesting plot accompanied by a talented cast and crew make U-571 a tense thriller . '' It performed well at the box office . Metacritic assigned the film a weighted average score of 62 out of 100 , based on 35 critics , indicating `` generally favorable reviews '' .
Awards and nominations
The film was nominated for two awards at the 73rd Academy Awards : Best Sound ( Steve Maslow , Gregg Landaker , Rick Kline and Ivan Sharrock ) and Best Sound Editing . It won the sound editing award .
Historical correlation
Historical inaccuracies
The film does not portray an historical event . The British Royal Navy had captured the first naval Enigma machine in May 1941 , before the US had entered the war . The American portrayal offended many of the British military and public . The Allies captured Enigma-related codebooks and machines about fifteen times during the War ; all but two of these by British forces . The Royal Canadian Navy captured
U-744
in March 1944 and the U.S. Navy seized in June 1944 . By this time , the Allies were already routinely decoding German naval Enigma traffic .
On the film 's release , Labour MP Brian Jenkins used Prime Minister 's Questions in June 2000 to state that the film was an `` affront to the memories of the British sailors who lost their lives on this action . '' Prime Minister Tony Blair said , `` I agree entirely with what you say ... we hope that people realise these are people that , in many cases , sacrificed their lives in order that this country remained free . '' Paul Truswell , MP for the constituency of Pudsey , a town closely associated with , wrote to the U.S. president Bill Clinton , who acknowledged that the film 's plot was only a work of fiction . The director of the local Horsforth Museum lamented the rewriting of history , saying : `` You ca n't rewrite history and we have to pass on the facts to the younger generation through the schools . ''
The first capture of a naval Enigma machine with its cipher keys from a U-boat was made on 9 May 1941 by of the Royal Navy , commanded by Captain Joe Baker-Cresswell assisted by . The U-boat was . In 1942 , the Royal Navy also seized , capturing additional Enigma codebooks . According to Britain 's Channel 4 , `` the captured codebooks provided vital assistance to British cryptographers such as Alan Turing , at the code-breaking facility of Bletchley Park , near Milton Keynes . ''
The United States ' involvement in the European Theatre of the Second World War did not commence until mid-1941 with Lend-Lease , and direct , open participation did not begin until the U.S. Navy began engaging the Kriegsmarine in the fall of 1941 , months before Pearl Harbor , by which time Enigma machines had already been captured and their codes broken in Europe . An earlier military Enigma had been examined by Polish Intelligence in 1928 ; the Polish Cipher Bureau broke the Enigma code in 1932 and gave their findings to Britain and France in 1939 , just before the German invasion of Poland .
Sub Lt. David Balme , the Royal Navy officer who led the boarding party on U-110 , called U-571 , `` a great film '' and said that it would not have been financially viable without being `` americanised '' . The film 's producers did not agree to their request for a statement that it was a work of fiction , but the end credits dedicate the film to the `` Allied sailors and officers who risked their lives capturing Enigma materials '' during the Second World War . The credits acknowledge the Royal Navy 's role in capturing Enigma machines and code documents from U-110 , U-559 and the U.S. Navy 's capture of U-505 .
In 2006 , screenwriter David Ayer admitted that U-571 had distorted history , and said that they would not do it again . They told BBC Radio 4 's The Film Programme that they `` did not feel good '' about suggesting that Americans , rather than the British , had captured the naval Enigma cipher : `` It was a distortion ... a mercenary decision ... to create this parallel history in order to drive the film for an American audience . Both my grandparents were officers in the Second World War , and I would be personally offended if somebody distorted their achievements . ''
Technical inaccuracies
The Kriegsmarine destroyers rarely ventured out into the open Atlantic Ocean , but usually stayed in European coastal waters . During the destroyer 's depth charge attack more than eighty depth charges are detonated in the film , despite the fact that they rarely carried more than thirty .
The German resupply U-boat would most likely not have been sunk by U-571 . This would have been difficult for a German U-boat to achieve , as German sonar was not as advanced as British during the war . The only instance of a submerged submarine sinking another submerged vessel was in February 1945 when sank with torpedoes .
German Type XIV supply U-boats or Milchkühe ( `` milk cows '' ) did not have torpedo tubes or deck guns , being armed only with anti-aircraft guns for defense , and therefore could not have attacked other vessels .
One character mentions sinking in a test dive . The real S-26 did not sink in a test dive , instead sinking in a collision with a patrol combatant , , in January 1942 .
Inaccurate portrayal of U-boat sailors
The film portrays U-boat sailors machine-gunning Allied merchant crewmen who have survived their ship 's sinking , so that they are not able to report the U-boat 's position . In reality , U-boat crewmen are far more often known to have assisted survivors with food , directions and occasionally medical aid . Such assistance only stopped after Admiral Karl Dönitz issued the `` Laconia order '' following a U.S. air attack on U-boats transporting injured survivors under a Red Cross flag in 1942 . German U-boat crews were thereafter under War Order No . 154 not to rescue survivors , which parallelled Allied policy . Afterward , U-boats still occasionally provided aid for survivors . In fact , out of several thousand sinkings of merchant ships in World War II , there is only one case of a U-boat 's crew deliberately attacking the survivors : that of after the sinking of the Greek ship Peleus in 1944 .
Actual fates of U-571 , S-33 and Z-49
The actual , captained by Oberleutnant zur See Gustav Lüssow , was never involved in any such events , was not captured , but was in fact lost with all hands on 28 January 1944 , west of Ireland . They were hit by depth charges , dropped from a Short Sunderland Mk III flying boat , EK577 , callsign `` D for Dog '' , belonging to No . 461 Squadron , Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) and based at RAF Pembroke Dock in Wales . The aircraft 's commander , Flt Lt Richard Lucas , reported that most of the U-boat 's 52 crew managed to abandon ship , but all died from hypothermia .
The real was stationed in the Pacific Ocean from June 1942 until the end of the war . They were sold for scrap in 1946 .
The Kriegsmarine destroyer Z-49 was ordered on 12 June 1943 but never laid down , let alone completed and sailed .
See also
Submarine films
History of cryptology – World War II cryptology
References
Sources
External links
U-571 at the TCM Movie Database
BBC Movies 11 January 2001 : U-571 ( 2000 )
BBC Movies : American Histories - How The War Was n't Won
The Guardian , 26 February 2009 : U-571 : You give historical films a bad name
2000 films
2000s action war films
American action war films
Films about anti-fascism
English-language French films
French action films
StudioCanal films
Universal Pictures films
U-boat fiction
World War II submarine films
Films that won the Best Sound Editing Academy Award
Films directed by Jonathan Mostow
Films produced by Dino De Laurentiis
Films produced by Martha De Laurentiis
Films with screenplays by David Ayer
Films about submarine warfare
Films about the United States Navy
Films set in the Atlantic Ocean
Film controversies
Film controversies in the United States
French war drama films
French World War II films
2000s American films
2000s French films
Saúl Morales Corral ( 3 May 1973 – 28 February 2000 ) was a Spanish racing cyclist , who was born in Madrid .
Morales became a professional in 1999 , at the Fuenlabrada team . That year their fellow team member Manuel Sanroma died during the Volta a Catalunya . Three years earlier , José Antonio Espinosa , another Fuenlabrada member , died as well . In 2000 , during the Vuelta a la Argentina , they were hit by a truck that accidentally came between the riders . Out of protest , several European teams withdrew from the race ; it has not been held since .
Morales ' only victory was a stage in the 1999 Vuelta a Venezuela .
References
1973 births
2000 deaths
Spanish male cyclists
Cyclists who died while racing
Sport deaths in Argentina
Vuelta a Venezuela stage winners
Cyclists from Madrid
Bucktown is an unincorporated community in Hardin County , Tennessee . Bucktown is located northeast of Savannah .
References
Unincorporated communities in Hardin County , Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Sinyakovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 6 as of 2002 .
Geography
Sinyakovskaya is located 30 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Pominovskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Larry Cook may refer to :
Larry Cook ( artist ) , American conceptual , video , and photo artist
Larry the Cook , a character in Seinfeld
Larry Cook , a character in A Thousand Acres
Larry Cook , actor in Trouble Man
Larry Cook , anti-vaccination activist and founder of Stop Mandatory Vaccination
See also
Lawrence Cook ( disambiguation )
Muhammad Farid Badrul Hisham is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Malaysia .
Career statistics
2015- 18th , Asia Road Race SS600
Championship # 83 Kawasaki ZX-6R
2014- 20th , Asia Road Race SS600 Championship # 83 Kawasaki ZX-6R
2013- 30th , Asia Road Race SS600 Championship # 93 Yamaha YZF-R6
2012- 13th , Asia Road Race SS600 Championship # 93 Yamaha YZF-R6
2011- 44th , British National Superstock 600 Championship # 93 Kawasaki ZX-6R
By season
Races by year
( key )
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
1993 births
Malaysian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
The International Blues Challenge ( IBC ) is a music competition run by the Blues Foundation .
Notable blues artists that have competed in the IBC over the years also includes Fiona Boyes , Eden Brent , Michael Burks , Tommy Castro , Sean Costello , Albert Cummings , Døvydas , Larry Garner , Zac Harmon , Homemade Jamz Blues Band , HowellDevine , Richard Johnston , Julian Fauth , Super Chikan , Susan Tedeschi , Southern Avenue , and Watermelon Slim .
The 1994 event in particular had a lot of talent as Susan Tedeschi , Michael Burks ( who won the Albert King Guitar Award ) and a 16-year-old Sean Costello competed , although none of them were the eventual winner .
History
The competition began in 1984 , then named the Blues Amateur Talent Contest . The idea was to give amateur or up and coming musicians a chance to be discovered and get a foothold . In 1986 , the event was renamed the National Amateur Talent Contest and 17 bands competed . Prior to 1993 , the IBC had a rule that performers had to make less than 50 % of their income from performing . This rule was dropped that year and the following year the word “ Amateur ” was dropped from the name of the event . In 1995 , the event was renamed “ The International Blues Talent Competition ” to reflect the expanded demand and over 40 acts competed . No competition was held in 1999 as the timing of the event was changed from the fall during the King Biscuit Festival to the January/February time frame . In January 2000 , the first International Blues Challenge was held with 50 bands competing . As the event has grown in size it was decided to split the acts into two categories , Band and Solo/Duo in 2002 . Now each year more than 200 acts from around the world gather on Beale Street in Memphis to compete for the International Blues Challenge .
Diunna Greenleaf and their backing band , Blue Mercy , won the competition in 2005 . In 2006 , the Joey Gilmore Band won the Best Band prize . The winners in 2008 were Trampled Under Foot . The 2010 winner of the top Solo/Duo prize was Matt Andersen . Grady Champion and their band won the Best Band title at the 26th International Blues Challenge in 2010 , The 2011 winners of the Solo/Duo category were Georg Schroeter and Marc Breitfelder .
The band winner in 2014 was Mr. Sipp , with the solo winner being Tim Williams . In 2015 , Eddie Cotton won the best band category , with Randy McQuay coming out on top in the solo/duo division .
Band winners
Solo/duo winners
In 2002 , the Blues Foundation split the challenge into two categories and began awarding a winner in the Solo/Duo category .
Best Guitarist winners
Best self-produced CD award
References
External links
Official web page of the International Blues Challenge
A Brief History of the International Blues Challenge
Blues music awards
In embedded systems , a board support package ( BSP ) is the layer of software containing hardware-specific boot firmware and device drivers and other routines that allow a given embedded operating system , for example a real-time operating system ( RTOS ) , to function in a given hardware environment ( a motherboard ) , integrated with the embedded operating system .
Software
Third-party hardware developers who wish to support a given embedded operating system must create a BSP that allows that embedded operating system to run on their platform . In most cases , the embedded operating system image and software license , the BSP containing it , and the hardware are bundled together by the hardware vendor .
BSPs are typically customizable , allowing the user to specify which drivers and routines should be included in the build based on their selection of hardware and software options . For instance , a particular single-board computer might be paired with several peripheral chips ; in that case the BSP might include drivers for peripheral chips supported ; when building the BSP image the user would specify which peripheral drivers to include based on their choice of hardware .
Some suppliers also provide a root file system , a toolchain for building programs to run on the embedded system , and utilities to configure the device ( while running ) along with the BSP . Many embedded operating system providers provide template BSP 's , developer assistance , and test suites to aid BSP developers to set up an embedded operating system on a new hardware platform .
History
The term BSP has been in use since 1981 when Hunter & Ready , the developers of the Versatile Real-Time Executive ( VRTX ) , first coined the term to describe the hardware-dependent software needed to run VRTX on a specific hardware platform . Since the 1980s , it has been in wide use throughout the industry . Virtually all RTOS providers now use the term BSP .
Example
The Wind River Systems board support package for the ARM Integrator 920T single-board computer contains , among other things , these elements :
A config.h file , which defines constants such as ROM_SIZE and RAM_HIGH_ADRS .
A Makefile , which defines binary versions of VxWorks ROM images for programming into flash memory .
A boot ROM file , which defines the boot line parameters for the board .
A target.ref file , which describes board-specific information such as switch and jumper settings , interrupt levels , and offset bias .
A VxWorks image .
Various C files , including :
flashMem.c—the device driver for the board 's flash memory
pciIomapShow.c—mapping file for the PCI bus
primeCellSio.c—TTY driver
sysLib.c—system-dependent routines specific to this board
romInit.s—ROM initialization module for the board ; contains entry code for images that start running from ROM
Additionally the BSP is supposed to perform the following operations
Initialize the processor
Initialize the board
Initialize the RAM
Configure the segments
Load and run OS from flash
See also
BIOS
Unified Extensible Firmware Interface ( UEFI )
References
Booting
Firmware
Motherboard
Embedded systems
Georges Frey ( 2 August 1890 – 7 October 1975 ) was a French violinist , viola player and specialist of the curved bow . They are the father of the pianist and organist Jean-Claude Frey .
Biography
The early years of Georges Frey are known through their typescript entitled Réminiscences . Born in Mulhouse on 2 August 1890 , they received their first violin lessons from a former student of Joseph Joachim . After earning their Baccalaureate in Latin and Greek they went to Paris to further their violin studies with Daniel Herrmann . They also had private lessons with Henri Berthelier , a disciple of Joseph Lambert Massart and professor at the Conservatoire de Paris . In early 1914 Georges Frey went to Berlin with a letter of recommendation from the Swiss composer Hans Huber to study with Henri Marteau at the Hochschule für Musik . Owing to political turmoil they had to return to Paris prematurely , where they arranged to have a few last lessons with Berthelier who was already showing physical as well as mental symptoms of their brain tumour .
In 1915 Georges Frey joined the ranks of the 30th Battalion , 3rd Company and was sent to the trenches . On 13 August 1916 they were shot and wounded by the German artillery . They survived thanks to the exceptional ability and care of Dr André , General Foch 's personal surgeon , and after several months of convalescence was able to rejoin their battalion . At the end of the war Georges Frey became director of the Mulhouse Conservatoire ( 1919–39 ) , establishing the famous 'Jeudis du Conservatoire ' , inviting leading musicians such as the mezzo-soprano Claire Croiza and the composer Albert Roussel ( with whom they played the Violin Sonata No . 2 in A major , Op . 28 ) .
In January 1933 Georges Frey received an invitation from Albert Schweitzer to go to Strasbourg to hear the violinist Rolph Schroeder play the Bach Sonatas and Partitas with a curved bow . Georges Frey went to the concert as « a great sceptic » but only eight days later they had their first curved bow in their hand , which was built after Schroeder 's model . From that moment , Frey never ceased to actively promote the curved bow , giving numerous recitals in France and Switzerland . The bond of friendship which now united them to Schweitzer stimulated their reflection on the interpretation of the polyphonic works for violin as well as their inventiveness in creating new models of the curved bow . The outbreak of World War II put an end to this particularly fertile period of teaching and giving concerts : on 13 December 1940 the Frey family was expelled from Alsace , finding refuge in Aix-en Provence . The unemployment office of Vichy nevertheless procured Frey a job as a violinist for about thirty performances of Arthur Honegger 's Jeanne au bûcher .
On their return to Mulhouse after the war , Frey was named co-director of the new School of Music , a post which they occupied until their retirement in 1955 . They continued their career as a solo violinist and viola player until about 1962 , giving recitals and concert conferences . Their programmes included more and more of the Sonatas and Partitas of Bach which they always played with the curved bow , in line with the interpretative philosophy of Albert Schweitzer .
Curved bows
According to Schweitzer , the first curved bow used by Frey was built in collaboration with a Swiss bow maker and was similar to Rolph Schroeder 's . Other models followed and according to Alfred Koenig Frey improved Schroeder 's bow , finding a mechanism that obviated the stiffening of the right hand and wrist while putting the bow hair in tension with the thumb . Georges Frey also possessed a Vega Bach Bow built by the Danish violin maker Knud Vestergaard .
References
Sources
Alberto Bachmann , An Encyclopedia of the Violin , tr . by F. H. Martens , New York , Appleton , 1925 .
Gustave Doret , Lettre à Georges Frey , 16.07.1942 , archives of Jean-Claude Frey .
Georges Frey , De l'archet courbe à l'archet droit , Royaumont , 1962 , typescript , archives of Jean-Claude Frey .
Georges Frey , Réminiscences , typescript , 1974 [ 76 pp . ] , archives of Jean-Claude Frey .
Rudolf Gähler , Der Rundbogen für die Violine - ein Phantom ? , Regensburg , ConBrio , 1997 .
Vincent d'Indy , Lettre à Georges Frey , 10.12.1924 , archives of Jean-Claude Frey .
Alfred Koenig , Lettre à Georges Frey , 18.02.1953 , archives of Jean-Claude Frey .
Alfred Koenig , Lettre à Georges Frey , 21.02.1953 , archives of Jean-Claude Frey .
Albert Schweitzer , Der runde Violinbogen , in : « Schweizerische Musikzeitung » , Zürich , 15 mars 1933 , 73 . Jahrgang , Nr . 6 , pp . 197–203 .
Albert Schweitzer , Lettre à Georges Frey , 10.01.1949 , archives of Jean-Claude Frey .
Albert Schweitzer , Les œuvres pour violon seul de Bach ; de l'archet à utiliser pour leur exécution , in : « Saisons d'Alsace » , n. 2 , 1950 , pp . 139–145 .
Knud Vestergaard , Facture à Georges Frey pour un Vega Bach Bow , June 1957 , archives of Jean-Claude Frey .
Knud Vestergaard , Lettre à Georges Frey , 01.08.1957 , archives of Jean-Claude Frey .
Raoul Vidas , How Berthelier , of the Paris Conservatoire , taught the violin , in : Frederick H. Martens , String Mastery . Talks With Master Violinists , Viola Players and Violoncellists '' , vol . II , New York , F. A. Stokes , 1923 , pp . 184–191 .
1890 births
1975 deaths
Musicians from Mulhouse
20th-century French male classical violinists
French classical violists
Now Deh ( ) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 554 , in 153 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Calligrapha is a genus of large American Chrysomelinae ( a subfamily of leaf beetles ) of imprecise taxonomic boundaries . Most species occur in Central and South America .
Species
There are at least 50 species within this genus .
Gallery
References
External links
Images of some Calligrapha species at BugGuide.net
Chrysomelidae genera
Chrysomelinae
Taxa named by Louis Alexandre Auguste Chevrolat
Beetles of North America
Beetles of South America
Michael Dean Armstrong ( born May 24 , 1957 ) is an American politician of the Republican Party . They were a member of the Washington House of Representatives , representing the 12th Legislative District from 2001 to 2013 .
References
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Living people
Washington ( state ) Republicans
1957 births
People from Wenatchee , Washington
One Eye to Morocco is a solo studio album by English Deep Purple vocalist Ian Gillan . The album material was written during the gap of Deep Purple 's 2008 world tour , in the US . It was released on 6 March 2009 on Edel Records as CD , Limited Edition CD and Vinyl .
Background
As Gillan themselves tells , they were in the Jewish-quarter of Kraków listening to the related stories of Oskar Schindler when the voice faded – and then returned and somebody told him : 'Ah , Ian you have one eye to Morocco . ' – It was Tomasz Dziubiński . Ian did n't understand the meaning of this Polish idiom , until they were told the whole idiom : `` To have one eye to Morocco and another to the Caucasus '' . The idiom describes a cross-eyed , or wandering eye person . This idiom inspired Gillan to make another solo album , and the title for the album was set to `` One Eye to Morocco . ''
Recording
In spring 2008 there was a gap between Purple 's World Tour , as bassist Roger Glover 's mother had died , so Gillan returned to Buffalo to do something new . In a short period of time , with their former bandmate Steve Morris , Ian wrote more than thirty songs . The recording of the album took place in Metalworks Studios , Mississauga , Ontario . Twelve songs were chosen for the album and all of them were recorded in just three days . Recording was mixed and engineered by Nick Blagona , who has previously worked with Deep Purple and mixed Purple 's reunion album Perfect Strangers , as well as The House of Blue Light and Slaves & Masters . Also guitarist Michael Lee Jackson contributed to the album .
Music style
Ian Gillan said himself : `` It was a conscious decision to avoid the use of a rock rhythm section and you will notice the complete absence of guitar and keyboard solos – we get the very best of all that from Deep Purple . So the instrumentation is perhaps more seductive than thrusting . ''
Track listing
`` One Eye to Morocco '' ( Gillan , Morris ) – 4:05
`` No Lotion for That '' ( Gillan , Morris ) – 3:11
`` Do n't Stop '' ( Gillan , Appleby ) – 2:35
`` Change My Ways '' ( Gillan ) – 3:26
`` Girl Goes to Show '' ( Gillan , Morris ) – 3:59
`` Better Days '' ( Jackson ) – 4:07
`` Deal with It '' ( Gillan , Morris ) – 3:44
`` Ultimate Groove '' ( Jackson ) – 3:48
`` The Sky Is Falling Down '' ( Gillan , Morris ) – 4:09
`` Texas State of Mind '' ( Jackson ) – 3:49
`` It Would Be Nice '' ( Gillan , Morris ) – 3:10
`` Always the Traveller '' ( Gillan , Morris ) – 3:17
`` Lonely Days '' ( bonus track )
`` She Thinks It 's a Crime '' ( bonus track )
Singles
`` One Eye to Morocco / Better Days '' ( For promotional use only )
Formats
One Eye To Morocco was released as CD , Vinyl LP and Limited Edition CD+Vinyl ( Doppel CD ) .
Band
Ian Gillan – vocals , harmonica
Michael Lee Jackson – guitars
Rodney Appleby – bass
Howard Wilson – drums
Steve Morris – guitars
Joe Mennonna – saxophones
Lance Anderson – Hammond organ
Jesse O'Brien – keyboards
Brownman Ali – flugelhorn
Jaro Jarosil – cello
The Gillanaires – backing vocals
Production
Produced , engineered , mixed and mastered by Nick Blagona –
Executive producers : Michael Lee Jackson , Drew Thompson
Basic tracks recorded at Metalworks Studios , Mississauga , Ontario , Canada
Additional recordings at Psychotropic Studios , Dundas , Ontario , Canada
Rehearsal at the Town Ballroom , Buffalo , New York
Calligraphy : Katarina Dorch
Photo : Bob Mussell
Artwork : Patrizio Squeglia
Chart performance
References
2009 albums
Ian Gillan albums
Edel AG albums
Albums produced by Nick Blagona
Henry Cooper ( 1934–2011 ) was a British heavyweight boxer .
Henry Cooper may also refer to :
Politics
Henry Cooper ( U.S. senator ) ( 1827–1884 ) , from Tennessee
Henry Allen Cooper ( 1850–1931 ) , U.S. Representative from Wisconsin
Henry E. Cooper ( 1857–1929 ) , Hawaiian politician
Henry Sloane Cooper ( 1888–1970 ) , Canadian business person and politician
Sports
Henry C. Cooper ( 1913– ? ) , Australian boxer
Henry Cooper ( footballer ) ( born 1989 ) , Costa Rican footballer
Henry Cooper ( Northern Districts cricketer ) ( born 1993 ) , New Zealand cricketer
Other
Henry Cooper ( VC ) ( 1825–1893 ) , English recipient of the Victoria Cross
Henry Cooper ( bishop ) ( 1845–1916 ) , Australian Anglican bishop
Henry Alexander Cooper ( 1853–1899 ) , billed by P. T. Barnum as `` The Tallest Man in the World ''
Henry Cooper ( educator ) ( 1909–1990 ) , New Zealand educator and sportsman
Henry S. F. Cooper Jr. ( 1933–2016 ) , writer and environmentalist
Henry St. John Cooper ( 1869–1926 ) , English writer
Henry St. John Cooper , one of the pen names of English writer John Creasey ( 1908–1973 )
Sir Henry Cooper School , a secondary school in Kingston upon Hull , England
See also
Harry Cooper ( disambiguation )
Henry Cowper ( disambiguation )
BHQ may refer to :
BHQ , IATA code for Broken Hill Airport in Broken Hill , New South Wales , Australia
Biblia Hebraica Quinta , fifth edition of the Biblia Hebraica , a scholarly version of the Old Testament
bhq , ISO 639-3 code for the southern dialect of the Tukang Besi language , spoken in Sulawesi , Indonesia
A type of dark quencher manufactured by Biosearch Technologies
La favorite ( The Favourite , sometimes referred to by its Italian title : La favorita ) is a grand opera in four acts by Gaetano Donizetti to a French-language libretto by Alphonse Royer and Gustave Vaëz , based on the play Le comte de Comminges by Baculard d'Arnaud with additions by Eugène Scribe based on the story of Leonora de Guzman . The opera concerns the romantic struggles of the King of Castile , Alfonso XI , and their mistress , the `` favourite '' Leonora , against the backdrop of the political wiles of receding Moorish Spain and the life of the Catholic Church . It premiered on 2 December 1840 at the Académie Royale de Musique ( Salle Le Peletier ) in Paris .
Background
Originally , Donizetti had been composing an opera by the name of Le Duc d'Albe as their second work for the Opéra in Paris . However , the director , Léon Pillet , objected to an opera without a prominent role for their mistress , mezzo-soprano Rosine Stoltz . Donizetti therefore abandoned Le Duc d'Albe and borrowed heavily from L'Ange de Nisida , an unrealized project from 1839 , to create La favorite .
Donizetti wrote the entire final act in three to four hours , with the exception of the cavatina and a part of a duet , which were added at the rehearsal stage .
Performance history
The Opéra 's original production ( Paris , 1840 ) had costumes designed by Paul Lormier and sets produced by two teams of scenic artists : René-Humanité Philastre and Charles-Antoine Cambon ( acts 1 and 3 ) , Charles Séchan , , Jules Diéterle and Édouard Desplechin ( acts 2 and 4 ) . Revivals at the Palais Garnier , on 25 January 1875 and 3 February 1896 , increased the scale of the staging but remained true to the original concept of 1840 . The opera continued to be performed each season at the Opéra up to 1894 , remaining in its repertoire until 1918 , as well as maintaining a presence in the French provinces through this period .
It was revived in Padua under the title of Leonora di Guzman in 1842 , and at La Scala as Elda in 1843 with Marietta Alboni in the title role , though Donizetti themselves was not involved in these productions .
The London premiere was in English at Drury Lane in 1843 with soprano Emma Romer , and then in French two years later at Covent Garden , and in Italian at Them Majesty 's in 1847 . New Orleans ' Théâtre d'Orléans first saw the piece on 9 February 1843 in French ( followed by a performance in New York by the New Orleans French Opera Company ) , and the Metropolitan Opera mounted a production 1895 . Italian revivals in the mid-20th century took place at La Scala Milan in 1934 with Ebe Stignani and Pertile , in Rome a year later with Cobelli and Gigli , followed by further revivals in both cities , several featuring Stignani in the title role . Arturo Toscanini conducted the work in Bergamo for the Donizetti centenary . In 1978 , the Metropolitan Opera revived La Favorite ( in Italian ) with Luciano Pavarotti and Shirley Verrett ; the opera had not been heard at the Met since Enrico Caruso sang it there in 1905 , 73 years previously .
Among other performances , the Bavarian State Opera presented a new production of the work in the original French version in 2016 , with Elīna Garanča , tenor Matthew Polenzani and Mariusz Kwiecień in the leading roles .
Roles
Synopsis
Time : 1340
Place : Royaume de Castille
A love triangle involving the King of Castile , Alfonso XI , their mistress ( 'the favourite ' ) Leonora , and their lover Fernando , the story unfolds against the background of the Moorish invasions of Spain and power struggles between church and state .
Act 1
Scene 1
In the Monastery of St James , the monks are making their way to worship . Superior Balthazar ( bass ) , father of the Queen of Castile , enters with Fernand ( tenor ) . Balthazar knows that Fernand is preoccupied by something . Fernand confesses that they have fallen in love with a beautiful , but as yet unknown , lady . Their faith in God remains , but they wish to leave the monastery in search of them Balthazar angrily sends Fernand out of the monastery , warning them of the dangers of the outside world . They predict that Fernand will one day return to the cloisters , a disappointed if wiser man .
Scene 2
Fernand has found their lady , Léonor ( mezzo-soprano ) , declared their love and received it in return , but they are still unaware of their real identity . They have arranged to meet them on the island of Leon , to which they are brought blindfolded by boat . They are met by Inès ( soprano ) , their companion , who impresses upon them the need for secrecy . Léonor enters . They tell them that they can never marry and that they must not meet again , but nevertheless hands them a document to help them in their future . Shortly afterwards the arrival of the King is announced and Léonor leaves . Fernand is left to speculate about their elevated social position . Reading the document they have left him , they find a commission in the army — an opportunity for advancement .
Act 2
Alphonse ( baritone ) has defeated the Moors and taken Alcazar . In conversation with the courtier Don Gaspar ( tenor ) , the King expresses their pleasure at Fernand 's bravery . Alone , the King expresses their love for Léonor and their desire to divorce the Queen and marry them They realize that this will provoke the opposition of their powerful father-in-law Balthazar who is ultimately backed by the Pope . Léonor enters and expresses their anguish at remaining their mistress rather than their Queen . The King suspects that they are losing their affection . Don Gaspar enters with news that a letter has been discovered revealing that Léonor has a lover . They make no denial , but at that moment Balthazar enters intent on forcing the King to abandon their plans for the royal divorce .
Act 3
Alphonse is to honour Fernand for their role in the war . They ask Fernand what reward they would like and Fernand asks to marry the woman who has inspired them in their bravery . Alphonse asks who they are and Fernand points to Léonor . The King is astonished to learn that Fernand is their successful rival . In an abrupt change of mind , they order Fernand and Léonor to marry within one hour . Léonor is left with mixed feelings of apprehension and delight . They decide that Fernand must be informed about their past and sends Inès to him . However , unknown to Léonor , Inès is arrested before they can see him . Fernand only learns the truth after the wedding ceremony . Considering themselves dishonoured by the King they break their sword , leaves Léonor and entrusts themselves to Balthazar .
Act 4
Balthazar 's daughter , the Queen , has died of jealousy and grief , and their body has been sent to them at the Monastery of St James . Prayers are being said for their repose . Fernand is preparing to enter their new religious life . Léonor enters in a state of exhaustion and faints before the cross . At first Fernand rejects her , but eventually moved by their love and sincerity , they are willing to give themselves to them again , but it is too late , Léonor collapses once more and dies in their arms .
Arrangements
In 1840 , Richard Wagner made arrangements of the work for piano , for flute , and for a violin duo .
Antonio Pasculli composed a concerto on themes from the opera for oboe and piano/orchestra ( c. 1879 ) .
Recordings
References
Further reading
Allitt , John Stewart ( 1991 ) , Donizetti : in the light of Romanticism and the teaching of Johann Simon Mayr , Shaftesbury : Element Books , Ltd ( UK ) ; Rockport , Massachusetts : Element , Inc. ( USA )
Ashbrook , William ( 1982 ) , Donizetti and Their Operas , Cambridge University Press .
Ashbrook , William and Sarah Hibberd ( 2001 ) , in Holden , Amanda ( ed . ) , The New Penguin Opera Guide , New York : Penguin Putnam . . pp . 224 – 247 .
Black , John ( 1982 ) , Donizetti 's Operas in Naples , 1822—1848 . London : The Donizetti Society .
Loewenberg , Alfred ( 1970 ) . Annals of Opera , 1597–1940 , 2nd edition . Rowman and Littlefield
Osborne , Charles , ( 1994 ) , The Bel Canto Operas of Rossini , Donizetti , and Bellini , Portland , Oregon : Amadeus Press .
Sadie , Stanley , ( ed . ) ; John Tyrell ( exec . ed . ) ( 2004 ) , The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians . 2nd edition . London : Macmillan . ( hardcover ) . ( eBook ) .
Weinstock , Herbert ( 1963 ) , Donizetti and the World of Opera in Italy , Paris , and Vienna in the First Half of the Nineteenth Century , New York : Pantheon Books .
External links
Donizetti Society ( London ) website
Libretto in Stanford University 's OperaGlass ( French )
Libretto ( French )
Vocal score with Italian text
, Katherine Ciesinski
Operas by Gaetano Donizetti
French-language operas
Grand operas
Operas
1840 operas
Operas set in Spain
Operas set in the 14th century
Opera world premieres at the Paris Opera
Operas based on plays
Cultural depictions of Spanish kings
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Zabel Point , Brabant Island
Zabergan Peak , Foyn Coast
Zabernovo Bastion , Davis Coast
Mount Zadruga , Oscar II Coast
Zagore Beach , Livingston Island
Zagrade Point , Krogh Island
Zagreus Ridge , Oscar II Coast
Zahari Point , Robert Island
Zahariev Peak , Oscar II Coast
Zaldapa Ridge , Trinity Peninsula
Zalmoxis Peak , Sentinel Range
Zanoge Hill , Trinity Peninsula
Zapalnya Cove , Smith Island
Zasele Peak , Nordenskjöld Coast
Zavala Island , Livingston Island
Zavera Snowfield , Trinity Peninsula
Zavet Saddle , Smith Island
Zavoy Nunatak , Alexander Island
Zaychar Glacier , Nordenskjöld Coast
Zbelsurd Glacier , Liège Island
Zebil Island , Low Island
Zelenika Peak , Brabant Island
Zemen Knoll , Livingston Island
Zgorigrad Nunatak , Nordenskjöld Coast
Zhefarovich Crag , Fallières Coast
Zhelad Saddle , Danco Coast
Zhelev Peak , Loubet Coast
Zhelyava Hill , Livingston Island
Zhenda Glacier , Sentinel Range
Zherav Island , Wilhelm Archipelago
Zheravna Glacier , Greenwich Island
Ziezi Peak , Greenwich Island
Zikoniya Island , Trinity Island
Zimen Inlet , Oscar II Coast
Zimornitsa Peak , Sentinel Range
Zimzelen Glacier , Danco Coast
Zlatiya Glacier , Brabant Island
Zlatni Pyasatsi Cove , Elephant Island
Zlatograd Rock , Livingston Island
Zlatolist Hill , Trinity Peninsula
Zlidol Gate , Trinity Peninsula
Zlogosh Passage , Liège Island
Zlokuchene Glacier , Nordenskjöld Coast
Zmeevo Pass , Sentinel Range
Znepole Ice Piedmont , Trinity Peninsula
Zograf Peak , Livingston Island
Zornitsa Cove , Livingston Island
Zvegor Saddle , Sentinel Range
Zverino Island , Greenwich Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica . Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia , 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart . Antarctica : An Encyclopedia . Jefferson , N.C. and London : McFarland , 2011 . 1771 pp .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian Names in Antarctica . Sofia : Manfred Wörner Foundation , 2021 . Second edition . 539 pp . ( in Bulgarian )
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Kilometer Zero is a collective of international artists and writers that produces magazines , theatre , and artistic performances . It was founded in Paris , France , at the Shakespeare and Company bookstore in 2000 . The group operates as an association under the French laws of 1901 . The name derives from 'Kilometre Zero ' , the point in front of Notre Dame cathedral .
The Kilometer Zero magazine was created as an advertising free creative and political platform . Contributors have included Noam Chomsky , Ralph Nader , Dennis Cooper , Tom Tomorrow , Daniel Stedman , CD Wright , and Sparkle Hayter . Kilometer Zero has produced performances in Paris , London , Brooklyn , Amsterdam , Marseille , and Beijing .
The founding of Kilometer Zero is documented in Jeremy Mercer 's novel Time Was Soft There , published in 2005 by St. Martin 's Press .
Notable Kilometer Zero projects
The Robin Hood Project ( Summer 2002 ) : A product placement sting where major designer labels were duped into donating their goods to French charities .
Lysistrata ( March 2003 ) : Kilometer Zero produced an adaption of Lysistrata as part of an anti-war statement made by theaters around the world .
Pssst ... America ! ( October 2004 ) : A seven city political barnstorming tour emphasizing social inequity in America in advance of the 2004 presidential elections .
The Short Step ( May 2005 ) : ( pictured ) Kilometer Zero opened the Dashanzi International Arts Festival in Beijing by grouping together 400 westerners dressed in traditional Chinese factory uniforms . The performance was interrupted by Chinese officials .
References
External links
Kilometer Zero official site
Kilometer Zero blog
Advertising-free magazines
Literary magazines published in France
Political magazines published in France
Magazines established in 2000
Magazines published in Paris
2000 establishments in France
Jacob Snowman ( 24 November 1871 – 28 February 1959 ) M.D. , M.R.C.S . was a British doctor and mohel , notable for having reportedly circumcised Prince Charles ( now Charles III ) in December 1948 , and possibly other members of the British nobility and Royal Family .
Snowman was the son of Abraham Snowman ( 1849–1918 ) , a picture dealer , and their wife Rachel , both of whom were born in Poland . They were the older brother to both painter Isaac Snowman ( 1873-1947 ) and jeweller Emanuel Snowman ( 1886-1970 ) , who married into the prominent Wartski family of jewellers and became the company chairperson . Wartski has enjoyed generations of Royal patronage , supplying the Welsh gold wedding bands for Charles and the former Camilla Parker-Bowles , as well as the bands worn by Prince William and the former Kate Middleton .
John Cozijn and Robert Darby , who is an historian of the British circumcision movement , have suggested that the British Royal Family invited Rabbi Snowman ( `` rabbi '' is an honorific commonly afforded to mohels ) to circumcise the infant Prince Charles at Buckingham Palace most likely because of their extensive experience with circumcision , and perhaps because non-Jewish family physicians were deemed less familiar or adept with the procedure ( which was widely performed on British middle- and upper-class male infants from the 1890s through the 1940s ) . Darby and Cozijn have cast doubt on claims , arising in the 1990s and widely reported after the birth of Prince George in 2013 , that a Royal Family `` circumcision tradition '' extends back to Queen Victoria 's era , or even to George I in the early 18th century , grounded in secretive Davidic or British Israelist religious tradition . It is unknown whether this putative `` circumcision tradition '' was continued with the birth of William in 1982 , as Diana , Princess of Wales is believed to have disapproved of it .
Snowman wrote specialist articles and at least four books , including Jewish Law and Sanitary Science ( 1896 ) , Clinical Surgical Diagnosis ( Second English Edition , 1917 ) , Lenzmann 's Manual of Emergencies , Medical , Surgical and Obstetric : their Pathology , Diagnosis and Treatment ( 1919 , based upon Emergencies in Medical Practice by ) , a revised Manual of Emergencies , Medical , Surgical , and Obstetric ( 1926 ) , A Short History of Talmudic Medicine ( with thirteen editions between 1935 and 1974 ) , and The Surgery of Ritual Circumcision ( 1904 ) . The latter book was published in at least three distinct editions , the last appearing posthumously in 1962 under the co-authorship of their son Leonard Snowman ( 1900-1976 ) .
References
External links
20th-century British medical doctors
Circumcision
English people of Polish-Jewish descent
English Jewish writers
Mohels
1871 births
1959 deaths
Jacob
Jens Ellingsen Ekornes ( 20 January 1908 – 28 November 1976 ) was a Norwegian businessperson .
They were the founder of Norwegian based furniture company , Ekornes ASA .
Biography
Ekornes was born at Sykkylven in Møre og Romsdal , Norway . They were the son of Elling Sivertsen Ekornes ( 1878–1966 ) and Berte Jensine Jensdatter Vik ( 1884–1968 ) . Jens Ekornes was the second of five brothers : Sigurd b . 1906 , Jens b . 1908 , Martin b . 1912 , Leiv Peder b . 1917 .
In their early twenties , they went to work for Ørsta Lenestolfabrikk where their brother , Sigurd Ekornes , was co-owner . In 1934 , they founded the furniture company J. E. Ekornes Fjærfabrikk in Sykkylven . In 1937 they took a trip to England , France and Germany . They also visited the United States several times , to learn their trade . Initially the firm was principally focused on the production of mattress . In 1966 , Ekornes started production of lounge furniture . In 1971 , Stressless® chairs were introduced on the Norwegian market .
Jens E. Ekornes was the sole owner of the company until 1960 , when their brothers Leif and Martin became co-owners in a joint stock company J. E. Ekornes Fabrikker AS . Upon their death in 1976 , Martin Ekornes took over as chief executive . Later , their nephew Jens Petter Ekornes ( 1942–2008 ) became CEO of Ekornes until 1987 .
Personal life
In 1933 , they married Petrine Elida Tomasdatter Riksheim . In 1971 they were appointed a knight of the 1st class of the Order of St. Olav . Ekornes died in 1976 .
References
Related reading
Høidal , Eldar ( 2009 ) Fra springfjær til Stressless ( Ekornes ASA )
External links
Stressless website
1908 births
1976 deaths
People from Sykkylven
Norwegian company founders
Order of Saint Olav
Silvia Tortosa ( born 8 March 1947 ) is a Spanish actor . They have appeared in more than sixty films since 1966 .
Selected filmography
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Spanish film actores
A statue of Jacobo Gálvez is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres , in Centro , Guadalajara , in the Mexican state of Jalisco .
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
Sir William Bisset ( William Byset/Bissett ) was a knight , sheriff and constable in the 13th and 14th centuries .
William was the son of Robert Bisset of Upsettlington and Christiana . They swore fealty to King Edward I of England in 1296 . Issued with a safe passage through England to return to Scotland , to prepare for the 1297 expedition to Flanders . While they were in Flanders , their castle of Upsettlington was sacked and destroyed . William fought on the side of the English in the Battle of Falkirk on the 22 July 1298 , where the Scots were defeated . They were the Sheriff of Clackmannan between 1303-1304 and Sheriff of Stirling between 1304-1305 and Constable of Stirling Castle between 1305 and 1307 during the Wars of Scottish Independence , remaining loyal to King Edward I of England .
Citations and references
Citations
References
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
13th-century Scottish judges
Scottish knights
Scottish sheriffs
William
Scottish people of the Wars of Scottish Independence
People from the Scottish Borders
14th-century Scottish judges
Christopher Coyne may refer to :
Christopher J. Coyne ( born 1958 ) , bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Burlington , Vermont
Christopher Coyne ( professor ) ( born 1977 ) , professor of economics
Chris Coyne ( born 1978 ) , Australian ( soccer ) footballer
Chris Coyne , Internet entrepreneur who co-founded the websites OkCupid , keybase and SparkNotes
See also
Coyne ( surname )
Audiovisual Institute of Monaco ( ) is a Monegasque organization aimed to list , gather , restore , conserve , protect , share and promote audiovisual archives . The Institute proposes to show how the Principality of Monaco is represented in cinema , and to give a better cross reading of history . Audiovisual Institute of Monaco aims to raise public awareness about the need to use and conserve film as an historic , cultural and educational resource . The director of the Audiovisual Institute of Monaco is Vatrican Vincent .
History
Audiovisual Institute of Monaco was founded in 1997 as the Association of the Audiovisual Archives of the Principality of Monaco , and renamed to its current name in August 2018 . In September 2020 the Institute opened to the public of Monaco nearly two years after its move to Boulevard du Jardin Exotique . The new building of the Audiovisual Institute was inaugurated by Prince Albert and Princess Caroline .
In 2020 , during the period of quarantine the Audiovisual Institute of Monaco made available some snapshots shot in the 1950s and 1960s .
The Audiovisual Institute of Monaco joined forces with the National Audiovisual Institute ( INA ) of France to expand access to its audiovisual archives via the INA mediapro platform . Almost 4,200 subjects broadcast on the “ Monaco Info ” channel between 1995 and 1997 are now accessible on the platform .
External links
Official webpage
References
1997 establishments in Europe
Film archives in Europe
Sound archives
Monegasque culture
Cultural organisations based in Monaco
Cinema of Monaco
Founded on August 31 , 1881 , the Deutsche Verein zur Förderung der Luftschifffahrt , ( Society for the Promotion of Aeronautics ) , was the first German aviation association .
Founding
The motivation for the association arose from the experience of the massive French military balloon units during the Siege of Paris in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870/1871 . The association 's objects were to promote airship flight by all means , as well as to work on solving the problem of building steerable airships , and especially to support a permanent research station .
Journal
In 1882 the association started printing , which was the first German technical aviation journal . In 1888 they printed under the title ( Journal of airshipflight ) and the Vienese flight association became co-editors . In 1892 the title changed to ( Journal of airshipflight and atmospheric physics ) . In 1900 the association adopted the journal ( illustrated aeronautical reports ) , with the subtitle ( German journal of airshipflight ) .
In 1903 , after Germany saw the founding of numerous other aeronautical associations , it changed its name to ( Berlin association of airshipflight ) .
Membership and activities
Among the members were : the airship pioneers Paul Haenlein , Friedrich Hermann Wölfert ; the meteorologists Richard Aßmann , Arthur Berson and Reinhard Süring ; the airship constructor Rudolf Hans Bartsch von Sigsfeld and the flight researcher Otto Lilienthal .
References
Notes
Bibliography
Editors of German Wikipedia Verein zur Förderung der Luftschifffahrt – Wikipedia ( current version )
Schulz , Günter O. Luftschiffseiten - Geschichte von Baumgarten & Wölfert . ( German ) Retrieved 2008-07-20
Aviation pioneers
19th-century German aviation
Aviation history of Germany
Ballooning
Aviation organisations based in Germany
Organizations established in 1881
Aeronautics organizations
1881 establishments in Germany
The Ezra Nye was a 19th-century pilot boat , built in 1859 by the Wells & Webb shipyard in Greenpoint , Brooklyn for a group of New Jersey and Sandy Hook Pilots . They were one of the pilot-boats that was in the Great Blizzard of 1888 , that was one of the most severe blizzards in American history . In 1896 , in the age of steam , the Ezra Nye along with other pilot boats , were replaced with steamboats .
Construction and service
The new pilot boat Ezra Nye was launched on 8 March 1859 from Wells & Webb shipyard in Greenpoint , Brooklyn . Ezra Nye , was the name of a steamship captain of the Collins Line , SS Pacific ( 1849 ) , who died in 1866 of Newark , New Jersey . They were known as pilot-boat Ezra Nye No , 2 , for the New Jersey Pilots ' Association .
The Ezra Nye was registered as a New Jersey Pilot Schooner with the Record of American and Foreign Shipping , from 1861 to 1885 . They were 70.5 ft. in length , 19.5 ft. breadth of beam , 7.5 ft. depth , 9 ft. draft , and 44-tons . J. T. Watson and Benjamin J. Guinness were the ship masters . They were registered as owned by the New Jersey Pilots .
On March 12 , 1888 , in the Great Blizzard of 1888 , the New Jersey pilot-boat Ezra Nye , along with other pilot-bats , was caught up in one of the most severe blizzards in American history . They left Tompkinsville bound for a cruise . They stayed close to Sandy Hook , but when the storm hit the pilots decided to sail through the Narrows to the Bay Ridge , where they thought they would be safe . However , the storm turned into a hurricane and they drifted and struck near the southern end of the Manhattan Beach Railroad pier . All their crew were able to escape to land . The pilot boat Elbridge T. Gerry was launched on August 24 , 1888 , to take the place of the Ezra Nye that was wrecked in the blizzard . They were salvaged and sold to the New York Sandy Hook Pilots . The boat number `` 11 '' was painted as a large number on their mainsail , that identified the boat as belonging to the New New York and Sandy Hook Pilots .
End of service
On 1 February 1896 , the New York Pilots discarded sixteen sailboats and moved them to the Erie Basin in Brooklyn . They were replaced with steam pilot boats . The Ezra Nye , was sold for $ 1,500 .
On May 29 , 1896 , the Ezra Nye , was made into a cruising yacht and sailed to the Sorrento , Southern Italy on the Bay of Naples for the American novelist , Francis Marion Crawford . They were renamed the Alda , which is Icelandic for Ocean Wave .
See also
List of Northeastern U. S. Pilot Boats
References
Individual sailing vessels
Schooners of the United States
Service vessels of the United States
1859 ships
Pilot boats
Ships built in Brooklyn
The Freycinet gauge ( ) is a standard governing the dimensions of the locks of some canals , put in place as a result of a law passed during the tenure of Charles de Freycinet as minister of public works of France , dating from 5 August 1879 .
The law required the size of lock chambers to be increased to a length of , a width of and a minimum water depth of , thus allowing 300 to 350 tonne barges to pass through .
Consequently , boats and barges , such as the péniche , built to the Freycinet gauge could not exceed in length , in breadth and a draught of . Bridges and other structures built across the canals are required to provide of clearance .
In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries many French canals were modernised to conform to the Freycinet standard . By 2001 , of navigable waterways in France corresponded to the Freycinet gauge , accounting for 23 % of waterborne traffic .
European Classification
The Freycinet gauge corresponds to the Classification of European Inland Waterways class I gauge .
References
External links
The French article from which this article was translated
Locks ( water navigation )
Middle Passage ( 1990 ) is a historical novel by American writer Charles R. Johnson about the final voyage of an illegal American slave ship on the Middle Passage . Set in 1830 , it presents a personal and historical perspective of the illegal slave trade in the United States , telling the story of Rutherford Calhoun , a freed slave who sneaks aboard a slave ship bound for Africa in order to escape a forced marriage . The novel received critical acclaim , winning the 1990 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction .
Plot summary
The protagonist is Rutherford Calhoun , a freed slave , who flees from New Orleans on a ship called the Republic to escape being blackmailed into marriage by Isadora Bailey , a schoolteacher who convinces Calhoun 's creditor , Papa Zeringue , that they will pay Calhoun 's debts if they will marry them Drinking to forget their troubles , Calhoun meets the drunken cook of the Republic and decides to escape Isadora and Zeringue by stowing away aboard the ship , where they are quickly discovered and put to work without pay . The ship travels to Africa to capture members of the Allmuseri tribe to take back to America to sell as slaves . Although an educated man , Calhoun is at first self-absorbed and thus initially unable to grasp the hardships of slave life . During the voyage , they are humbled by the conditions they observe , learning lessons that teach them to value and respect humanity , which includes identification with their own country , America .
Calhoun discovers that the Allmuseri are not the only cargo on board : the captain of the Republic , a philosophical but tyrannical man named Ebenezer Falcon , also uses their voyages to plunder cultural artifacts that could be sold to museums , and on this trip they have purchased what they claim to be the Allmuseri 's god . The other sailors , already believing the Allmuseri to be sorcerers , begin to worry that their voyage is doomed ; when they send down a young man to check out the secret cargo , they return insane . Shortly after the ship sets back for the States , a violent storm hits , worse than any the sailors have seen . Barely escaping with their lives , several of the sailors decide to mutiny , but they are preempted when the Allmuseri get the keys to the shackles and take over the ship first . Calhoun convinces the Allmuseri to leave alive the few remaining white sailors in order to navigate the ship back to Africa , but Falcon commits suicide rather than help them . The first mate , Peter Cringle , tries to steer the ship , but can not figure out where in the ocean they are , claiming that since the storm , none of the constellations are where they are supposed to be . During this time , Calhoun takes their turn going down to the cargo hold to feed the creature , who gives them a mystical vision of their life and family that renders them unconscious for three days . When they awaken , they learn that Cringle has been murdered and cannibalized , reportedly on Cringle 's own suggestion , leaving only himself , the cook , and several Allmuseri on board the ship , which is rapidly falling apart .
Before completely disintegrating into the ocean , the ship is seen by another vessel , the Juno , which manages to rescue five survivors : Calhoun , the cook , and three Allmuseri youth . Calhoun discovers that Isadora is aboard the Juno and is being forced to marry Papa Zeringue , who partially owns the Republic . Papa learns that Calhoun has the ship 's log , documenting Zeringue 's immoral and illegal dealings , and they bargain with Calhoun to get possession of it . Calhoun mentions that the ship was illegally dealing in the slave trade and uses the ties of Santos , Papa 's black servant , to the Allmuseri to get Zeringue to let Santos and Isadora go free . Calhoun has been profoundly changed by their experience during the Middle Passage . Falcon , the Allmuseri , their mystical encounter with the god , and the ship 's ultimate sinking have caused them to reflect deeply on their own life and attitude , and they are able to resolve many of their internal conflicts ( such as their anger toward their runaway father and their over-accommodating brother ) ; they are now able to care for other people , including Isadora as well as one of the Allmuseri children who had adopted them as their surrogate parent on the ship . Isadora , who is knitting booties for their cats and dogs whom Papa is making them give up , leaves Papa and marries Rutherford .
Characters in Middle Passage
Captain Ebenezer Falcon : Captain of the Republic , a veteran mariner involved in illegal slave trading .
Rutherford Calhoun : Protagonist of the story ; a freed slave who stows away aboard the Republic .
Ngonyama : Allmuseri tribesman on the Republic , being transported to America in the illegal slave trade , who takes charge of the ship after the mutiny .
Isadora Bailey : Schoolteacher whom Calhoun escapes being blackmailed into marrying . Nevertheless , they plan to marry by the end of the story .
Papa : Creditor of Rutherford Calhoun . They are also part owner of the Republic .
Peter Cringle : The First Mate of the ship . Calhoun considers them a very moral man .
Josiah Squibb : The ship 's cook . Calhoun is employed as their assistant during the voyage .
Baleka : An Allmuseri girl whom Calhoun comes to care for .
See also
Middle Passage , a major segment of the Atlantic slave trade route
References
Johnson , Charles R. Middle Passage . New York , NY : Scribner Paperback Fiction , 1998 .
Fiction set in 1830
1990 American novels
American historical novels
National Book Award for Fiction winning works
Novels set in New Orleans
Novels about American slavery
Novels set in the 1830s
African slave trade
African-American novels
Atheneum Books books
Novels about slavery
Nina Lilian Etkin ( June 13 , 1948 – January 26 , 2009 ) was an anthropologist and biologist . Etkin was noted for their work in medical anthropology , ethnobiology , and ethnopharmacology . They studied the relation between food and health for over thirty years . Them work involved complementary and alternative medicines for prevention and treatment in Hawai ‘ i ; the use of ethnomedicines in Indonesia ; and health issues in Nigeria . They won numerous grants and awards from national and international agencies and published several books as well as over 80 professional articles in peer reviewed journals .
Education and academic career
Etkin earned their undergraduate degree in zoology from Indiana University in 1970 and their MA and PhD in Anthropology in 1972 and 1975 from Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri .
Academic positions
Assistant Professor of Anthropology , University of Minnesota , 1979–1983
Associate Professor , University of Minnesota , 1983–1990
Associate Professor of Anthropology , University of Hawai ‘ i at Mānoa , 1990–1994
Full Professor of Anthropology , University of Hawai ‘ i at Mānoa , 1994–2009 .
Chair of the Department of Anthropology , University of Hawai ‘ i at Mānoa , 2001–2002
They were also a member of the medical faculty of the University of Hawai ‘ i .
Awards and honors
Etkin served as Editor-in-Chief of Economic Botany , the journal of the Society for Economic Botany .
They were a Fellow of the Linnean Society and a past president and honorary board member of the International Society for Ethnopharmacology .
Etkin won the 2009 Distinguished Economic Botanist Award from the Society for Economic Botany .
Publications
Books
Plants in Indigenous Medicine & Diet : Biobehavioral Approaches , 1986
Eating on the Wild Side : The Pharmacologic , Ecologic , and Social Implications of Using Noncultigens , 1994
Edible Medicines : An Ethnopharmacology of Food , 2006
Foods of Association : Biocultural Perspectives on Food and Beverages that Mediate Sociability , 2009
Memorials
The Nina L. Etkin Memorial Fund supports graduate students at the University of Hawai ‘ i at Mānoa , “ particularly those working in biocultural and medical anthropology ” .
The UHM Campus Arboretum has an Akee tree ( Blighia sapida ) as a memorial namesake tree dedicated with a plaque ; the species chosen reflects their research interest in cultural plant exchanges between Africa and the Caribbean .
A special issue of the newsletter of the International Society for Ethnopharmacology in 2009 collected testimonials from their students and colleagues .
References
External links
Nina L. Etkin Memorial Fund
1948 births
2009 deaths
American anthropologists
American women anthropologists
American botanists
University of Hawaiʻi faculty
University of Minnesota faculty
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Ethnobiologists
Indiana University alumni
Fellows of the Linnean Society of London
Economic botanists
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century anthropologists
Aliabad ( , also Romanized as ‘ Alīābād ) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 73 , in 20 families .
References
Populated places in Arak County
U. Vasuki is an Indian politician and trade unionist from Tamil Nadu . As of 2017 , they are a central committee member of the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) and the National Vice President of the India Democratic Women 's Association .
Biography
Vasuki was born and raised in the suburb of Uraiyur in Tiruchirappalli , Tamil Nadu , to communist politicians R. Umanath and Pappa Umanath . Them father , a member of the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) ( CPI ( M ) ) , was elected two times each to the Lok Sabha ( 1962 and 1977 ) and the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly ( 1977 and 1980 ) . Them mother , a founding member of the India Democratic Women 's Association , was elected to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Thiruverumbur constituency in 1989 .
After graduating with a bachelor 's degree in commerce , Vasuki joined the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) ( abbreviated CPI ( M ) or CPM ) in 1977 . They started their career as a banking professional and was associated with the Canara Bank and the Union Bank of India . They opted for voluntary retirement from service in 2000 to become a full-time member of the CPM .
Vasuki unsuccessfully contested in the 2014 Indian general election from Chennai North . Following that , in the 2016 Tamil Nadu assembly election they contested from Madurai West and lost .
References
Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) politicians from Tamil Nadu
Living people
Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) candidates in the 2014 Indian general election
Women in Tamil Nadu politics
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
Trade unionists from Tamil Nadu
Indian women trade unionists
Politicians from Tiruchirappalli
Indian women activists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The State Register of Heritage Places is maintained by the Heritage Council of Western Australia . As of 2021 , 425 places are heritage-listed in the City of Albany , of which 94 are on the State Register of Heritage Places .
List
As of 2021 , following places are heritage listed in the City of Albany but are not State registered :
† Denotes building has been demolished
References
Heritage places in Albany , Western Australia
Albany
Gustav Deutsch ( 19 March 1891 – 23 March 1967 ) was an Austrian footballer . They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1916 .
References
External links
1891 births
1967 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
`` All Together Now '' is a song by British band The Farm from their 1991 album Spartacus .
Peter Hooton wrote the lyrics in their early 20s , after reading about the Christmas truce of 1914 . The song was first recorded under the title `` No Man 's Land '' for a John Peel session in 1983 . In 1990 , Hooton wrote the chorus after Steve Grimes suggested putting the lyrics of `` No Man 's Land '' to the chord progression of Pachelbel 's Canon . To shorten the song for radio , the producer Suggs cut the song to three verses from its original six . It has been used by numerous football teams since , as well as by the Labour Party for their 2017 general election campaign , often played during rallies .
Composition and release
The song was produced by Suggs , a founding member of the band Madness , and recorded at Mayfair Studios . The lyrics were written about the Christmas Day Truce in World War I where , on Christmas Day 1914 , soldiers from both sides put their weapons down , and met in no mans land to exchange gifts and play football . The song has a chord sequence taken directly from Johann Pachelbel 's `` Canon '' .
It was originally released on 26 November 1990 peaking at No . 4 on the UK Singles Chart , No . 1 on the NME Independent chart and No . 7 on the U.S . Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart . Its single cover showed a subbuteo figure wearing an army uniform and brandishing a Bren machine gun . It was also the last video shown on The Power Station on 8 April 1991 .
Critical reception
Stephen Thomas Erlewine from AllMusic called `` All Together Now '' `` goofily endearing '' and a `` truly memorable '' single . Larry Flick from American magazine Billboard described it as `` anthemic '' . Daily Mirror stated that it is one of 1990 's `` most memorable songs '' and `` such a catchy song '' .
Promotion
In March 1994 , it was performed by the band and a host of Liverpudlians in front of the Spion Kop at Anfield before the last ever Merseyside derby in front of the old Kop , which was demolished later that year and replaced by an all-seater stand . In 2007 it was used in Scottish television adverts for Clydesdale Bank and in UK-wide advertisements promoting Cancer Research UK 's Race for Life . It is also used as the theme tune for Sky Sports Football League coverage and as the ending theme of the 1994 movie Double Dragon .
Track listing
UK 7 '' single ( 1990 )
`` All Together Now '' ( 7 '' version ) – 3:59
`` All Together Now '' ( Terry Farley/Peter Heller Mix edit ) – 3:45
UK 12 '' /CD single ( 1990 )
`` All Together Now '' – 5:45
`` All Together Now '' ( Terry Farley/Peter Heller Mix ) – 7:21
`` All Together Now '' ( Rocky/Diesel Mix ) – 5:13
US CD single ( 1990 )
`` All Together Now '' ( Single Mix ) – 4:25
`` All Together Now '' ( 12 '' Mix ) – 5:42
`` All Together Now '' ( Indie Rock Mix ) – 6:22
`` All Together Now '' ( Farley/Heller 12 '' Remix ) – 7:21
`` Over Again '' ( Live Demo ) – 4:16
`` All Together Now '' ( Club Mix ) – 6:13
`` All Together Now '' ( Rocky & Diesel Mix ) – 5:18
`` All Together Now '' ( Dream Remix ) – 9:27
UK CD single ( 2004 )
`` All Together Now '' ( DJ Spoony radio edit )
`` All Together Now '' ( The Choral Mix )
`` All Together Now '' ( Spoony Wants to Move Mix )
`` The Wembley Experience '' ( Virtual Tour of the New Stadium )
Charts
1990 version
2004 version
Everton F.C . version
In May 1995 , the song was released by Everton F.C . on occasion of its appearance in the 1995 FA Cup Final . The hit credited to `` Everton FA Cup Squad 1995 '' peaked at No . 24 in the UK Singles chart . The release also contained a second version as `` All Together Now – D.i.y Mix '' .
Euro 2004 version
The song was released in another football context this time to promote the campaign of the England national football team during Euro 2004 which took place in Portugal in June and July 2004 . Titled `` Euro 2004 ( All Together Now ) '' , it was edited by DJ Spoony and featured additional vocals by the St Francis Xavier Boys Choir of Liverpool . This version , released on 31 May 2004 , peaked at No . 5 in the UK Singles Chart .
The song was also remixed by Scouse producers BCD Project ( Lee Butler of Radio City , Les Calvert and Mike Di Scala ) . The remix was featured on the Clubland 5 compilation in 2004 .
This version was also included in the compilation Sports Themes subtitled `` 20 Classic Sport Themes '' in July 2004 .
Atomic Kitten version
In 2006 , Liz McClarnon , Natasha Hamilton , and Jenny Frost from English girl band Atomic Kitten reunited to record a cover version of the song , re-titled `` All Together Now ( Strong Together ) '' , for the Goleo VI Presents Their 2006 FIFA World Cup Hits album , a collection of collaborations´that were released in connection with the 2006 FIFA World Cup , held from 9 June to 9 July 2006 in Germany . As with most songs on the album , FIFA mascot Goleo VI is also credited as an artist on `` All Together Now '' . The remake features slightly re-written lyrics by Nicole Tyler , Wolfgang Boss , and Reinhard Raith , while production was overseen by Raith along with Andreas Litterscheid .
Chart performance
`` All Together Now ( Strong Together ) '' was only released in German-speaking Europe . It debuted and peaked at number 16 in Germany and spent nine weeks on the German Singles Chart , becoming Atomic Kitten 's fifth highest-charting single over there as well as their highest-charting since `` If You Come to Me '' ( 2003 ) . Elsewhere , the song peaked at number 35 in Austria , also reaching number 42 in Switzerland .
Music video
The computer animated music video shows the World Cup mascots Goleo and Pille travelling around the world until they eventually arrive to Berlin 's Olympic Stadium , the setting of the 2006 FIFA World Cup Final .
Track listings
Notes
denotes additional producer
Charts
Peace Collective version
On the 100th anniversary of the Christmas Day Truce , during World War One , which inspired the Farm 's 1990 hit `` All Together Now '' , many of the UK 's biggest music stars united as the Peace Collective , to re-record the song for charity . The new track featured a backing choir of schoolboy footballers from the Premier League and German Bundesliga . All profits from the release , on 15 December , went to the British Red Cross and the Shorncliffe Trust .
Produced and recorded by Simon Britton and Jon Moon at Sensible Music in Islington ( London ) , the 2014 version included Gorgon City , Clean Bandit , Gabrielle , Alexandra Burke , Engelbert Humperdinck , Julian Lennon , David Gray , Guy Chambers , Amelle Berrabah , Alison Levi , Mick Jones ( the Clash ) , The Voice 2014 winner Jermain Jackman , Massive Attack 's Shara Nelson and more . The 2014 version reached number one on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart on 19 December and number 70 on the UK Singles Chart .
See also
List of anti-war songs
References
1983 songs
1990 singles
1995 singles
2004 singles
2006 singles
2014 singles
England national football team songs
The Farm ( British band ) songs
Anti-war songs
Songs written by Peter Hooton
Songs written by Steve Grimes
Football songs and chants
Sire Records singles
Reprise Records singles
Jive Records singles
Ministry of Sound singles
England at the 2006 FIFA World Cup
Christmas truce
Songs about World War I
Songs about Belgium
East Cape is the easternmost point of the main islands of New Zealand . It is located at the northern end of the Gisborne District of New Zealand 's North Island . It can also refer to the broader Gisborne cape .
East Cape was originally named `` Cape East '' by British explorer James Cook during their 1769–1779 voyage . It is one of four Cardinal Capes , alongside North Cape , West Cape and South Cape .
Maritime New Zealand operates the East Cape Lighthouse is located at the cape 's easternmost point . The small East Island / Whangaokeno , also known as Motu o Kaiawa , is located directly offshore .
The New Zealand Transport Agency upgraded the Horoera Bridge in 2017 , giving campervans and other heavy vehicles full access to the East Cape Lighthouse . It replaced a temporary Bailey bridge installed in 2015 .
It is not to be confused with the East Cape / Koromere on Stewart Island / Rakiura .
References
Headlands of the Gisborne District
Ernest E. L. Hammer ( December 17 , 1884 – March 10 , 1970 ) was an American lawyer , politician , and judge from New York .
Life
Hammer was born on December 17 , 1884 in the Harlem district of New York City , New York , the son of Ernest E. Hammer and Catherine C. Tyrrell .
Hammer lived in the Bronx since 1890 , where their father worked as a building operator . They attended St. Jerome 's School and graduated from St. Francis Xavier High School , the University of Notre Dame in Indiana with an A.B. , and New York Law School with an LL.B . They were admitted to the bar in 1906 and began practicing law , handling important litigated and business transactions in the Bronx . They were a member of the law firm Healy & Hammer with former Assistant Corporation Counsel Ellsworth J. Healy , with law offices at 37 Liberty Street . They were chairperson of the Committee of the Committee on Legislation of the Committee of the Democratic County General Committee of the County of the Bronx . In 1912 , they were elected to the New York State Assembly as a Democrat , representing the New York County 35th District . They served in the Assembly in 1913 .
In the Assembly , Hammer was active in supporting numerous labor reform laws . When the Bronx became a county in 1914 , they were appointed Public Administrator . They served in that office until 1926 , when they were elected Justice of the New York Supreme Court . They were re-elected to the Court in 1940 and 1954 with endorsements from all parties . As Justice , they presided over , among other notable cases , the proceedings that led to the extradition of Richard Hauptmann to New Jersey , where Hauptmann was later put to death for the Lindbergh kidnapping . They also presided over various labor-management proceedings , with the head of the state 's American Federation of Labor praising their pro-labor stance at one point . They served on the Court until they reached the statutory retirement age of 70 in 1954 . They began residing in Bayport during the summer in 1924 , and in March 1969 they moved to Sayville .
Active in promoting the growth of the Bronx , Hammer was a charter member of the Bronx Rotary Club , the Board of Trade , and the Chamber of Commerce . They helped plan the Concourse Plaza Hotel , the first hotel in the borough , and headed a committee that planned the Bronx County Building . They became a trustee for the Lavelle School for the Blind in 1928 , and from 1951 to 1966 they served as president of the board . A notable Catholic layperson , they received Papal appointments as a Knight of Malta and Knight of the Holy Sepulchre , was rewarded with the Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice and the Gold Cross of Jerusalem , and served as president of the board of governors of the Catholic Lawyers Guild .
Hammer was an executive committee member of the Fordham Club and chairperson of its public improvements committee . They were a member of the Sedgwick Club , the North End Democratic Club , the Notre Dame Club of New York , the Cardinal 's Committee of Laity , the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick , the Catholic Club , the American Bar Association , the New York State Bar Association , the New York City Bar Association , the Bronx County Bar Association , the American Museum of Art , and the N.D.U . Alumni Association . They were also honorary life president of the Lacedaemonian Society and a fourth degree master of the Knights of Columbus , and received an honorary LL.D . degree from Manhattan College in 1953 and an honorary degree from Notre Dame in 1954 . They were married to Alice M. Prendergast , niece of Archbishop of Philadelphia Edmond Francis Prendergast . Their children were Rev . Edmond F. P. , Ernest E. L. , and Jeanne .
Hammer died in Brookhaven Memorial Hospital in Patchogue on March 10 , 1970 . They were buried in Gate of Heaven Cemetery .
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
1884 births
1970 deaths
People from Harlem
Politicians from the Bronx
Xavier High School ( New York City ) alumni
University of Notre Dame alumni
New York Law School alumni
20th-century American lawyers
Lawyers from New York City
20th-century American politicians
New York ( state ) Democrats
Members of the New York State Assembly
20th-century American judges
New York Supreme Court Justices
Catholics from New York ( state )
Knights of Malta
Knights of the Holy Sepulchre
People from Bayport , New York
People from Sayville , New York
Burials at Gate of Heaven Cemetery ( Hawthorne , New York )
| }
The Flying Scotsman Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to horses aged two years old . It is run at Doncaster Racecourse over a distance of 7 furlongs and 6 yards ( 1,408 metres ) , and it is scheduled to take place each year in September .
Prior to 2013 the race was known as the Frank Whittle Partnership Conditions Stakes , and amongst its earlier winners was Frankel in 2010 . From 1983 to 1999 the race was known as the Queen 's Own Yorkshire Dragoons Conditions Stakes . In 2013 it was upgraded to Listed status , replacing Goodwood 's Stardom Stakes in the calendar and at the same time it was renamed the Flying Scotsman Stakes in honour of the LNER Class A3 4472 Flying Scotsmen , a locomotive which was built at Doncaster Works 90 years previously in 1923 . The race is currently held on the third day of Doncaster 's four-day St. Leger Festival meeting .
Records
Leading jockey since 1983 ( 5 wins ) :
Frankie Dettori – Prussian Flag ( 1994 ) , Benny The Dip ( 1996 ) , Librettist ( 2004 ) , Al Zir ( 2009 ) , New Mandate ( 2020 )
Leading trainer since 1983 ( 5 wins ) :
Michael Stoute – Shaadi ( 1988 ) , Ezzoud ( 1991 ) , Tough Speed ( 1999 ) , City of Troy ( 2005 ) , Sangarius ( 2018 )
Winners since 1983
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British flat horse races
References
Paris-Turf :
, , , , ,
Racing Post :
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
,
Flat races in Great Britain
Doncaster Racecourse
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
, also known by the and , was a bureaucrat of the Ryukyu Kingdom . In some poems of Omoro Sōshi , they were mentioned and called .
Takushi Seiri was the third son of Tomigusuku Seishin ( ) , so they were a grandson of Gosamaru . They were also the first head of an aristocrat family called Mō-uji Uesato Dunchi ( ) .
Takushi served as Sanshikan during Shō Shin and Shō Sei 's reign , and was trusted by the kings very much . They were dispatched as congratulatory envoy to Ming China to celebrate Jiajing Emperor 's coronation in 1522 . They bought a litter and a tap in China , and brought them back to Ryukyu in the next year . They dedicated the litter to King Shō Shin , and fixed the tap in , a spring near in Shuri Castle .
References
1526 deaths
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
16th-century Ryukyuan people
Ueekata
Sanshikan
`` Living My Life '' is a Grace Jones song released as a single in 1983 .
Background
The track was originally recorded for the album of the same name , but for unknown reasons ( most likely that the pop-oriented record did not fit the overall reggae sound of the album ) it did not make the final cut . It received a scarce 1983 release as a UK white label single and was officially released only in Portugal . Jones , however , performed the track on several TV shows . A remixed version was released as the B-side to the UK reissue single of `` Love Is the Drug '' in 1986 . The original and dub versions are yet to be reissued on CD .
Music video
The music video for the song was directed by Jean-Paul Goude and famously includes the `` suicide '' scene , with Grace blowing their brains out . Excerpts from the `` Living My Life '' video were used in the `` Slave to the Rhythm '' clip . The music video for `` Living My Life '' was also included in Jones ' concert film , A One-Man Show .
Track listing
12 '' single ( 1983 )
A . `` Living My Life '' – 7:34
B . `` Living My Life '' ( Dub ) – 4:15
12 '' promotional single ( 1983 )
A . `` Living My Life '' – 7:34
B . `` Living My Life '' – 7:34
References
1983 singles
Grace Jones songs
Songs written by Grace Jones
1983 songs
Song recordings produced by Alex Sadkin
Island Records singles
Yıldız Çağrı Atiksoy ( born 1 April 1986 ) is a Turkish actor best known for their role as the fictional character Malhun Hatun in the Turkish historical TV series Kuruluş : Osman .
Career
They studied theatre for two years at the İzmir Ege Art Center and continued their education at the Müjdat Gezen Art Center . They also got lessons in cinema , technique and acting at Plato Film . Atiksoy started their career in 2004 with a small role in the Büyük Buluşma TV series . They played in fantasy child series `` Kayıp Prenses '' .
Them breakthrough came in 2011 with Öyle Bir Geçer Zaman ki , in which they portrayed the character of Berrin Akarsu . Between 2014–15 , they starred in the series Yedi Güzel Adam as Zehra . In 2017 , they joined the cast of Savaşçı and played the role of Aslı Özkaynak until 2018 . The following year they began starring in the TRT 1 series Şampiyon . In 2021 , they joined the cast of the historical TV series Kuruluş : Osman as Malhun Hatun , one of the wives of Osman I , the founder of the Ottoman Empire .
Filmography
References
External links
1986 births
Turkish film actores
Turkish television actores
Actresses from Istanbul
Living people
Marinicauda pacifica is a Gram-negative and aerobic bacterium from the genus of Marinicauda which has been isolated from deep seawater .
References
Caulobacterales
Bacteria described in 2013
Vestenbergsgreuth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt , in Bavaria , Germany .
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
Battle North Gold ( formerly Rubicon Minerals ) was a Canadian company that was pursuing the development of the Bateman ( formerly Phoenix ) gold project near Red Lake , Ontario . Headquartered in Toronto , the company was listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange in Canada and the New York Stock Exchange and then the OTCQX market exchange in the US . The company 's board of directors had approved the construction of the mine in 2014 and raised $ 700 million but little gold was recovered . Consequently , the company sought creditor protection and re-structured . By 2018 the company had a market capitalization of $ 80 million as it pursued new resource estimates . The company was acquired by Australian Securities Exchange-listed company Evolution Mining in 2021 .
Corporate history
Battle North Gold was incorporated on March 4 , 1996 in Vancouver as Rubicon Minerals Corporation for acquiring and exploring the mineral properties that had been assembled by the holding company Rubicon Management Ltd . It became a public company in November 1997 with its shares listed on the Vancouver Stock Exchange . It conducted mineral exploration work in Haines , Alaska , and on its Canadian properties in Ontario and Newfoundland . On September 30 , 2003 , the Company graduated to the Toronto Stock Exchange , and in September 2004 , became cross-listed on the American Stock Exchange with the trading symbol `` RBY '' . Rubicon would be listed on the S & P/TSX Composite Index between December 2009 and December 2013 .
Rubicon also owned a one-third stake in the private company Africo Resources which was conducting mineral exploration in the Kalukundi copper-cobalt deposit in Katanga Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo . Rubicon re-structured , effective December 8 , 2006 , to make Africo Resources a public company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange ( though it would be acquired by the private company Camrose Resources in 2016 ) and spun-off the new company called Paragon Minerals Corporation to hold its Newfoundland assets ( though it would be acquired by Canadian Zinc Corporation in 2012 ) .
Canadian business person and former CEO of Goldcorp Rob McEwen became a significant investor and strategic advisor to the company beginning in 2006 and controlled over 30 % of shares .
Rubicon 's Ontario property , called the Phoenix gold project , in the Red Lake area became the company 's primary focus . On the strength of a 2013 preliminary economic assessment which indicated a gold reserve of 3.3 million ounces with gold per ton of ore , Rubicon 's board of directors authorized the construction of the mine without a feasibility study . With the Wabauskang First Nation in opposition to the project , the company had to defend its permits in a Supreme Court of Canada case deciding that the province could issue mining permits on treaty land . The project proceeded with the company raising $ 700 million from investors , including the CPP Investment Board and Agnico Eagle Mines , and its stock peaking at $ 6 per share . However , once the mine started producing gold in 2015 unexpectedly low yields were achieved . Consequently they had to revise their gold reserve estimate down to 413,000 ounces and their stock collapsed down to 5 cents a share by January 2016 . Consequently , the company sought creditor protection as it re-structured and was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange . As part of the re-structuring , their stock was consolidated at 162 shares for one new share , followed by new shares being issued to secured creditors , and Royal Gold 's streaming agreement being renegotiated .
With George Ogilvie being hired as its new CEO , the re-structured company raised funds by issuing new shares to fund better resource estimates and a new preliminary economic assessment . In 2020 , the company re-named itself from Rubicon Minerals to Battle North Gold and re-named its Phoenix Gold project to the Bateman Gold project . In May 2021 Australian Securities Exchange-listed Evolution Mining completed the acquisition of Battle North Gold for CAD $ 343 million .
References
Companies formerly listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange
Gold mining companies of Canada
Gluconacetobacter is a genus in the phylum Pseudomonadota ( Bacteria ) . In 2012 , several species previously classified in the genus Gluconacetobacter were reclassified under the new genus Komagataeibacter , including the cellulose producing species Komagataeibacter xylinus .
Etymology
The name Gluconacetobacter derives from : New Latin acidum gluconicum , gluconic acid ; Latin noun acetum , vinegar ; New Latin bacter , rod ; giving Gluconacetobacter , gluconate-vinegar rod .
Species
The genus contains the following species :
Gluconacetobacter aggeris corrig . Nishijima et al . 2013
Gluconacetobacter asukensis Tazato et al . 2012
Gluconacetobacter azotocaptans Fuentes-Ramírez et al . 2001
Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus corrig . ( Gillis et al . 1989 ) Yamada et al . 1998
Gluconacetobacter dulcium Sombolestani et al . 2021
Gluconacetobacter entanii Schüller et al . 2000
Gluconacetobacter johannae Fuentes-Ramírez et al . 2001
Gluconacetobacter liquefaciens corrig . ( Asai 1935 ) Yamada et al . 1998
Gluconacetobacter sacchari Franke et al . 1999
Gluconacetobacter takamatsuzukensis Nishijima et al . 2013
Gluconacetobacter tumulicola Tazato et al . 2012
Gluconacetobacter tumulisoli Nishijima et al . 2013
See also
Bacterial taxonomy
Kombucha
Microbiology
References
Bacteria genera
Rhodospirillales
Taxa described in 1998
Ammunition Igloo ( also known as Building 88 ) was a bunker used for arms storage at Camp George West , Golden , Colorado . It was built in 1940 of stone , supported by a soil-covered concrete arch . Rubble masonry , built of basalt , was used for the parapet-equipped facade .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County , Colorado
References
External links
Colorado Office of Archaeology and Historic Preservation
Armories on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Buildings and structures in Golden , Colorado
Magazines ( artillery )
Fortifications in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County , Colorado
Infrastructure completed in 1940
1940 establishments in Colorado
Military Band Service of the National Guard of Russia is the official musical department of the National Guard of Russia or the Rosgvardia . It has bands that perform commonly during many Russian national holidays such as Victory Day ( 9 May ) on May 9 or Russia Day on June 12 , as well as military holidays such as Defender of the Fatherland Day on February 23 and National Guardsmen 's Day on March 27 .
History
The band service 's principal band , the Exemplary Band of the National Guard ( ) , was established as the Band of the Separate Operational Purpose Division of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Soviet Union on 6 December 1956 . 15 years later , it was turned into a direct unit of the Soviet MVD 's Internal Troops and was renamed the Exemplary Band of Internal Troops of the USSR . In 2016 , following the creation of the National Guard of Russia the band service was renamed to the Military Band Service of the National Guard of Russia .
During the Soviet era , the band commonly performed in outside of the RSFSR , performing for the last time as a soviet band in the Uzbek SSR in 1989 . The band took part in the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , the Friendship Games and the 12th World Festival of Youth and Students in 1985 . In its travels , it has performed with groups such as the Cyprus Youth Symphony Orchestra . The band notably took part in the Amur Waves International Military Bands Festival in Khabarovsk in 2018 . The band most recently participated in a tour of China and Vietnam in November and December 2019 respectively .
Composition
Ensembles of the Central Band
Brass Band
Symphony Orchestra
Wind Band
Big Band – The Big Band of the national guard usually performs popular Russian and foreign jazz music , as well as pop music . It usually works with artists like Malika Razakova and Olga Babayeva .
Bands of National Guard Forces Command
Band of the Separate Operational Purpose Division ( Dzerzhinsky Division )
Band of the National Guard Naval Service Corps
Band of the 46th Independent Operational Brigade of the North Caucasian District ( Grozny )
Military Band `` North Star '' ( Kirov )
Military Band of the Snezhinsky Regiment
Military Band of the Zheleznogorsk Regiment
Combined Military Band of the 55th Division of the Central District Command
Military Band of the Krasnodar Region Chief Department
Bands of National Guard Directorates
NGF regional commands are located in all major Russian cities . In all of these commands , there is a military band associated with the central band that serves its broader mission regionally . The following is a list of regional bands which are affiliated to the Central Band :
HQ Band of the Northwestern District Command
HQ Band of the Central District Command
HQ Band of the North Caucasus District Command
HQ Band of the Volga District Command
HQ Band of the Ural District Command
HQ Band of the Siberian District Command
HQ Band of the Eastern District Command
Rosgvardiya educational institutions
Band of the St. Petersburg National Guard Forces Command Military Institute
Band of the Saratov Institute of the National Guard
Band of the Perm Military Institute
See also
Military Band Service of the Armed Forces of Russia
National Guard of Russia
Military band
National Guard
External links
Official web site of the National Guard of Russia ( In Russian )
Video
Плац-концерт военного оркестра штаба ЮО ВНГ России
References
Russian military bands
Military units and formations established in 2016
2016 establishments in Russia
National Guard of Russia
Benjamin Laub ( February 23 , 1984 ) , better known by their stage name Grieves , is an American hip hop artist based in Seattle , Washington . Born in Chicago , Illinois , they lived in Colorado , San Diego , and New York City . They were signed to Rhymesayers Entertainment .
Career
Grieves released their first album , Irreversible , independently in 2007 . In 2008 , Grieves teamed up with multi-instrumentalist and producer Budo , with whom they would release their next two albums : 88 Keys & Counting in 2010 , and Together/Apart in 2011 . Together/Apart debuted at # 112 in the Top 200 Album Sales , marking their first appearance in the Top 200 . Grieves , along with Budo , performed at South by Southwest 2011 and also at Warped Tour 2011 . Their music has also been featured in Real Detroit Weekly , Seattle Weekly , and The Washington Post . Their fourth album , Winter & the Wolves , was released on March 25 , 2014 . It peaked at number 57 on the Billboard 200 .
Discography
Studio albums
Irreversible ( 2007 )
88 Keys & Counting ( 2010 )
Together/Apart ( 2011 )
Winter & the Wolves ( 2014 )
Running Wild ( 2017 )
Canopy ( 2021 )
Compilation albums
The Falling Off Your Shoes ( 2009 )
EPs
Every Hell Has Its Springtime ( 2005 )
My Girlfriend Beats Me EP ( 2008 )
The Confessions of Mr . Modest ( 2010 )
The Collections of Mr. Nice Guy ( 2019 )
Singles
`` Unedible '' ( 2007 )
`` Lightspeed '' ( 2011 )
`` Bloody Poetry '' ( 2011 )
`` On the Rocks '' ( 2011 )
`` Shreds '' ( 2014 )
`` Serpents '' ( 2014 )
`` Ai n't Nothin ' '' ( 2014 )
`` Cougar Catnip '' ( 2015 )
`` Back at Em '' ( 2018 )
Guest appearances
Type - `` Walkin ' My Path '' from Mustache Immaculate ( 2007 )
Type - `` Days Like This '' and `` Hypeman '' from Well Known Secrets ( 2007 )
Kublakai - `` Torn Down Torch '' from The Basics ( 2008 )
The Let Go - `` Searching For '' from Tomorrow Handles That ( 2008 )
Unknown Prophets - `` Hate Face '' from Le System D ( 2009 )
Mac Lethal - `` Hold Me Down '' and `` Fuck Mac Lethal '' from Crown Prime Rib Mixtape ( 2009 )
CunninLynguists - `` Close Your Eyes '' from Strange Journey Volume Two ( 2009 )
Engineers in Your Ear - `` Honest Microphone '' from Till the Clouds Run Dry ( 2010 )
MC Lars - `` # busbros '' from Indie Rocket Science ( 2011 )
Eligh & AmpLive - `` Beautiful Addiction '' from Therapy at 3 ( 2011 )
Big Chocolate - `` Hilion '' from Hilion ( 2011 )
Transit - `` Settled Smoke '' from Stale ( 2012 )
Griff J - `` To Each Their Own '' from After the Starting Gun ( 2013 )
Horrorshow - `` On the One Hand '' from King Amongst Many ( 2013 )
The MC Type - `` Meat Beater '' from A Good Tattoo ( 2013 )
Soulcrate - `` Shot in the Dark '' from Welcome Back from Wherever You 've Been ( 2013 )
CunninLynguists - `` Drunk Dial '' from Strange Journey Volume Three ( 2014 )
Fearce Vill - `` Let It Be ( Remix ) '' ( 2014 )
Atmosphere - `` Fireflies '' from Frida Kahlo vs. Ezra Pound ( 2016 )
Watsky - `` Exquisite Corpse '' from X Infinity ( 2016 )
Darenots - `` 911 '' from The Now Is Truth ( 2016 )
Spose - `` Take You Home '' ( 2017 )
Chris Webby - “ Prayer Hands ” ( 2020 )
Productions
Type - `` Days Like This '' , `` Everybody Says '' , `` Hypeman '' , and `` She Was an Escort '' from Well Known Secrets ( 2007 )
References
External links
1984 births
Alternative hip hop musicians
American hip hop record producers
American male rappers
Living people
Rappers from Washington ( state )
Rhymesayers Entertainment artists
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
West Coast hip hop musicians
Nuala McGovern is an Irish journalist and broadcaster working for BBC News . McGovern was the main presenter of Outside Source on the BBC World Service from 2014 to 2022 .
Early life and education
McGovern grew up in Drumcondra in Dublin . Them father was a publican . They are a graduate of University College Dublin , where they studied English and Italian .
Early career
After graduating from university they taught English in Italy for a period before moving to the United States after their sister made an application for a green card on their behalf . They got their start in broadcasting as a presenter and producer for Adrian Flannelly 's radio show in New York , before joining WNYC . There , McGovern was a producer on The Brian Lehrer Show for nine years , where they were part of a Peabody Award-winning team . During this time they were also the founding producer of a spin-off show , Brian Lehrer Live : Where Web Video Meets the Issues .
BBC career
McGovern joined the BBC in 2009 as a presenter and producer of World : Have Your Say on the BBC World Service . In 2012 they became one of the founding presenters of Newsday , the World Service 's new breakfast programme . They started presenting OS in 2015 .
McGovern announced on Twitter on 13 January 2022 that they would leave OS to become a news presenter on BBC World News .
References
BBC newsreaders and journalists
BBC World Service presenters
British radio presenters
Irish journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People from Drumcondra , Dublin
Alumni of University College Dublin
Tar is a village in Nógrád county , Hungary . There are some natural sources near here , for ex . Csevice source
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
The Classico algérien is the name given to matches between MC Alger and JS Kabylie , This name is inspired by the Spanish El Clásico between Real Madrid CF and FC Barcelona .
MC Alger represents the capital of the country Algiers while JS Kabylie ( more titled Algerian clubs ) represents Kabylia . These meetings became important , following the case n ° 107 of the disciplinary committee concerning the JSK-MCA match , which caused serious incidents on and around the field during the 1962–63 season . Indeed this case constitutes the first serious case , treated by the disciplinary commission of the very young Algerian football championship , called `` critérium honneur '' . Heavy sanctions are imposed on the two teams , press releases are made public to the attention of the clubs of the League of Algiers and to the Algerian people as a whole in order to recall respect for the practice of this sport and also to improve the image of the country abroad . Since this affair the matches between the two clubs have been strewn with a certain rivalry where each of the two clubs must not lose to the other . Despite this painful episode in the early days of Algerian football some matches remain sporting references for supporters of both camps because they are two of the most successful clubs in Algeria whether on the continental , regional or national level .
History
MC Alger is known to be the dean of Algerian football and JS Kabylie is known to be the most successful . Both have a well-stocked record , and have been part of Algerian football folklore since the independence of Algeria . Their domination is not limited to the borders of Algeria , but also in Africa and in the Arab world . JSK with its seven African trophies and MCA , the first Algerian club to win an African cup , have often played the leading roles in international competitions . There is also the fact that these two clubs often compete for the head of the championship , but this is not the only point , there are two other causes that led to the birth of this rivalry . First of all , the two clubs have a common history since the beginnings of Algerian football . Indeed it must be remembered that during the colonial period , the JSK , a young newly created sports association , was refused subsidies from the colonial government of the time , in the town of Tizi Ouzou . They prefer to help the colonial team of the Olympique de Tizi-Ouzou which is an older formation , rather than to help the new Muslim sports association . Having no sports equipment , JS Kabylie receives help from other clubs , such as Widad Rihadi de Belcourt ( one of the clubs that merged to create CR Belouizdad ) USM Blida and MC Alger . These three clubs among other things donated jerseys in order to allow JSK to structure itself and also donations from the local population . The canaries which currently wear the colors yellow and green have long worn the colors red and green because their first jerseys are offered to them by MCA wearing these same colors .
All-time head-to-head results
All-Time Top Scorers
Hat-tricks
A hat-trick is achieved when the same player scores three or more goals in one match . Listed in chronological order .
Honours
League matches
Algerian Cup results
League Cup results
Super Cup results
Shared player history
Players who have played for both clubs
Mourad Aït Tahar ( JS Kabylie 1987–94 & 1997–99 , MC Alger 1994–97 )
Mounir Dob ( MC Alger 1994–95 , JS Kabylie 2000–03 )
Fodil Dob ( MC Alger 1994–2002 , JS Kabylie 2002–03 )
Karim Braham Chaouch ( MC Alger 2001 & 2002–06 , JS Kabylie 2009 )
Koceila Berchiche ( JS Kabylie 2008–11 & 2015–17 , MC Alger 2014–15 )
Nabil Yaâlaoui ( JS Kabylie 2010–11 , MC Alger 2011–14 )
Sid Ali Yahia-Chérif ( JS Kabylie 2009–11 , MC Alger 2013–14 )
Farouk Belkaïd ( JS Kabylie 1998–2005 , MC Alger 2006–08 )
Lounés Bendahmane ( JS Kabylie 2000–06 , MC Alger 2006–07 )
Toufik Zeghdane ( MC Alger 2013–16 , JS Kabylie 2019–20 )
Abdelmalek Mokdad ( MC Alger 2009–11 & 2015–17 , JS Kabylie 2012–13 )
Sofiane Younès ( MC Alger 2005–09 & 2012 , JS Kabylie 2010–11 )
Noureddine Daham ( JS Kabylie 2002–03 , MC Alger 2004–06 )
Nabil Saâdou ( JS Kabylie 2017–20 , MC Alger 2020–present )
Toufik Addadi ( JS Kabylie 2019–20 , MC Alger 20–present )
Mehdi Benaldjia ( JS Kabylie 2017–18 , MC Alger 2018–present )
Ibrahim Amada ( JS Kabylie 2011 , MC Alger 2017–19 )
Sid Ahmed Aouadj ( JS Kabylie 2013–14 , MC Alger 2014–17 )
Mohamed Seguer ( JS Kabylie 2010 , MC Alger 2016–18 )
Faouzi Chaouchi ( JS Kabylie 2006–09 , MC Alger 2011–13 & 2014–18 )
Hocine Metref ( JS Kabylie 2011–12 , MC Alger 2012–14 )
Mohamed Derrag ( JS Kabylie 2007–09 , MC Alger 2009–11 )
Played for one , managed the other
Djamel Menad ( as player JS Kabylie , as manager MC Alger )
Coaches who managed both clubs
Noureddine Saâdi ( JS Kabylie 1992–94 & 2018 , MC Alger 2003 & 2006 )
Alain Geiger ( JS Kabylie 2010 , MC Alger 2013 )
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 results
Notes
References
Notes
Bibliography
JS Kabylie
MC Alger
Football rivalries in Algeria
Powell , formerly known as Powell Station , is an census-designated place in Knox County , Tennessee , United States . The area is located in the Emory Road corridor ( State Route 131 ) , just north of Knoxville , southeast of Clinton , and east of Oak Ridge . It had a population of 13,802 during the 2020 census The United States Geographic Names System classifies Powell as a populated place . It is included in the Knoxville , Tennessee Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Despite its status as unincorporated , Powell is considered to be more of an `` independent '' small town than a suburb . One of the reasons behind this is that it was established in 1789 ( two years before the establishment of Knoxville ) by settlers passing through East Tennessee into the frontier . Among these early settlers was Stockley Donelson ( 1753–1804 ) , a brother-in-law of President Andrew Jackson . Donelson 's home , now known as the Alexander Bishop House , still stands on Bishop Lane . Another early settler was John Manifee , a Revolutionary War veteran who built a small fort and trading station along what is now Clinton Highway in the late 1780s .
The community 's name is derived from the Powell Station train stop , which was in turn named for Columbus Powell , a prominent local resident . The train station is not currently in use but remains in the town 's `` downtown '' area . The railroad was essential to economy of early 20th century Powell as bricks were made with the mud from Beaver Creek and loaded onto the tracks and sent to various locations . The tracks were originally part of the East Tennessee , Virginia and Georgia Railway ( now part of the Norfolk Southern line ) .
The influence of the Old South 's culture can still be seen today in Powell , mainly by architecture . There are several Antebellum homes located along Emory Road and the original neighborhoods of Powell . Several of the older homes in the original part of Powell are believed to have been used as Confederate hospitals during the Civil War .
From 1951 to 2012 , Powell was home to the Powell STOLport , a rural airstrip located adjacent to the I-75 and Emory Road ( SR 131 ) interchange . In March 2013 , following the Knoxville City Council 's annexation of the airstrip site , the Knoxville-Knox County Metropolitan Planning Commission approved plans for a shopping complex on the site including a Kroger supermarket , Regal Cinemas theater , Kohl 's department store , and other retail developments .
Geography
Powell lies in the Beaver Creek Valley between Copper Ridge and Beaver Ridge , two narrow ridges typical of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians . It is situated along Emory Road ( SR 131 ) about halfway between Halls and Karns , and roughly spans the area between Interstate 75 to the east , and Clinton Highway ( U.S. Route 25W ) to the west . Knoxville lies opposite Beaver Ridge to the southeast .
Economy
The Weigel 's chain of convenience stores started and is still headquartered in Powell .
The largest employer in Powell is DeRoyal Industries , which manufactures and markets medical products .
Powell was home to a Levi 's jeans manufacturing plant that closed in 2002 . The former Levi 's property , adjacent to DeRoyal Industries , is now the site of Crown College .
Infrastructure
Powell is serviced by the Hallsdale-Powell Utility District and the Knoxville Utilities Board , for wastewater , municipal water , and electricity respectively .
Education
Public schools in Powell , operated by Knox County Schools , are :
Powell High School
Powell Middle School
Powell Elementary School
Brickey-McCloud Elementary School
Copper Ridge Elementary School
Religious-based educational institutions in the community include :
First Baptist Academy
Crown College
Temple Baptist Academy
Powell is well-noted throughout Knox County for its intense support of Powell High School Panther athletics . Powell High School constructed a new football stadium in 2009 and the football team is sponsored by Nike . The Panthers were Tennessee State Runners-Up in 1991 and 2011 .
Religion
Temple Baptist Church is a church located at 1700 Beaver Creek Drive in Powell .
First Baptist Church is located at 7706 Ewing Road in Powell .
Many other smaller churches such as One Life-North , Powell Presbyterian , and Bells Camground Baptist are also located in Powell .
Notable people
John Bruhin , Tampa Bay Buccaneers guard
John Cooper , ESPN college football analyst , member of the College Football Hall of Fame
Walter Nolen , football player
Lee Smith , NFL tight end
In literature
The central action of James Agee 's Pulitzer Prize winning memoir , A Death in the Family , takes place in Powell .
References
External links
Powell Community Club 's former informational website
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Knox County , Tennessee
Knoxville metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1789
1789 establishments in North Carolina
This is a list of notable past and present residents of the U.S. city of Paradise Valley , Arizona .
Arts
Erma Bombeck – humorist
Charles Boyer – actor
Erskine Caldwell – writer
Glen Campbell – musician
Max Cavalera – musician
Alice Cooper – singer
Clive Cussler – writer
Boyé Lafayette De Mente – author , journalist
Hugh Downs – broadcaster
Yvonne Lime Fedderson – philanthropist , founder of Childhelp , former actor
Hunter Gomez – actor
Rob Halford – singer/songwriter
Jenna Jameson – adult film actor
Bil Keane – cartoonist
Cris Kirkwood – musician
Stevie Nicks – singer
Leslie Nielsen – actor
Dave Pratt – radio personality
Paolo Soleri – architect
Emma Stone – actor
Dick Van Dyke – actor
Asher Angel – actor
Business
Michael Bidwill – business person , prosecutor , and football executive . The principal owner , chairperson , and president of the Arizona Cardinals
Derrick Hall – business executive , President & CEO of the Arizona Diamondbacks
Bruce Halle – founder and chairperson of Discount Tire ; richest man in Arizona with net worth of $ 4.2 billion
Geordie Hormel – heir to Hormel Foods Corp .
Thelma Keane – business person , wife of Bill Keane
Charles Keating – business person and figure in the Lincoln Savings and Loan scandal
Peter Sperling – business person
Don Stewart – head of Don Stewart Ministries/Association
Robert Sarver – business person and Owner of Phoenix Suns
Military
Betty Tackaberry Blake – last surviving member of the first training class of Women Airforce Service Pilots , who with their husband George Blake , built the first house in Paradise Valley .
Politics
Doug Ducey - politician , business person
Barry Goldwater - U.S . Senator and 1964 Republican Presidential Nominee .
G. Gordon Liddy - Watergate Scandal , Nixon appointee
Sandra Day O'Connor - former Justice of the US Supreme Court
Dan Quayle - Vice President of the United States ( 1989-1993 ) , United States Senator from Indiana ( 1981-1989 ) , and U.S. Representative of Indiana 's 4th congressional district ( 1977-1981 )
William Rehnquist - Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court
Science
Paul Davies - physicist and author
Professor Robley D. Evans - nuclear medicine pioneer , winner of the 1990 Enrico Fermi Award
Sport
Muhammad Ali - boxer
Charles Barkley - basketball player
Devin Booker - basketball player
Steve Bush - football player
Keith Carney - ice hockey defenseman
Vinnie Del Negro - NBA coach
Jermaine Dye - baseball player
Jeff Fassero - baseball player
Larry Fitzgerald - football player
Mark Grace - baseball player
Jeff Hornacek - basketball player , NBA coach
Jason Kidd - basketball player , NBA coach
Randy Johnson - baseball pitcher
Nikolai Khabibulin - ice hockey goaltender
Miguel Montero - baseball player
Steve Nash - basketball player
Shaquille O'Neal - basketball player
Jesse Owens - sprinter
Michael Phelps - swimmer
Tom Sneva - auto racer
Terrell Suggs - football player
Mike Tyson - boxer
Kurt Warner - football player
Matt Williams - baseball player
Kerry Wood - baseball pitcher
References
Paradise Valley
Paradise Valley , Arizona
Gelchsheim is a market town and municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria , Germany .
References
Würzburg ( district )
Kaleb W. Weis ( born 1983/1984 ) is an American politician serving as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from the 2nd district . An HVAC specialist by trade , Weis was elected to the House in 2018 and assumed office in 2019 .
Background
A resident of Aberdeen , South Dakota , Weis attended Tripp-Delmont High School and the Lake Area Technical College . Weis and their wife , Kayla , have three children .
References
Living people
South Dakota Republicans
Members of the South Dakota House of Representatives
People from Aberdeen , South Dakota
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American politicians
David Pablos ( born July 28 , 1983 ) is a Mexican director , editor and screenwriter . An active filmmaker since 2007 , Pablos has been involved in six feature films , including shorts and documentaries . Pablos attained recognition for directing La Vida Después ( 2013 ) and Las Elegidas ( 2015 ) .
Pablos has worked with non-professional actors on their narrative films , for which they have received awards at several international film festivals , including the Morelia International Film Festival and Cannes Film Festival . Pablos received an Ariel Award for Best Short Fiction Film in 2010 for La Canción de los Niños Muertos and in 2016 , won for Best Director and Best Original Screenplay at the 58th Ariel Awards in Mexico for their work in the film Las Elegidas .
Early life and background
Pablos was born in Tijuana , Baja California , Mexico and studied filmmaking at the Centro de Capacitación Cinematográfica ( CCC ) in Mexico City . Pablos also received a scholarship granted by the National Fund for Culture and Arts ( FONCA ) to specialize in screenwriting .
Film career
Pablos earned their academic degree from the CCC with the short film La Canción de los Niños Muertos in 2008 . The film about five teenagers who lose their mother , starring Sebastián Aguirre and Rodrigo Azuela , won for Best Fiction Short Film at the Morelia International Film Festival and was screened during the International Critics ' Week of the 2009 Cannes Film Festival . For this work , Pablos earned the Ariel Award for Best Live Action Short and also the SIGNIS Award during the 4th International Short Film Festival ( FICMEX ) , being the SIGNIS jury 's verdict that `` the film narrative takes us into the complexity of disparate feelings as violence and tenderness , anger and forgiveness , rebellion and reconciliation . '' After directing the documentaries La Escritura en la Pared and Una Frontera , Todas las Fronteras ( 2010 ) , Pablos premiered in 2013 their first feature film , La Vida Después , also starring Azuela , Américo Hollander and María Renée Prudencio . The film , about two brothers searching for their stranged mother , received the Klic Award granted by the Mexican movie theater chain Cinépolis during the Morelia Film Festival . La Vida Después was the only Mexican film screened during the 70th Venice International Film Festival and according to Pablos is about `` living in the same roof with a complete stranger , although that is your family ... it has to do with the lack of communication '' . About the thematic similarities between their first short film and their first feature film , Pablos stated to magazine Encuadres : '' I knew that I was interested in keep talking about family , namely , about brotherhood , but in the process I discovered what was the true essence of this film [ La Vida Después ] , which is about family heritage emotionally more than physically and how your children refuse to follow the footsteps of their parents because often there is a kind of chain that is impossible to break and this generates feelings of frustration and rejection . My question was whether the chain can be broken or not , and what the consequences are and what involves the separation of the family that [ `` the mother '' ] loves . '' —David Pablos
Pablos directed 20 y Más por el Arte , a TV series created to celebrate Canal 22 's 20th Anniversary in 2013 . The series followed 20 FONCA beneficiaries through their daily life and creative processes . In 2014 , the film Las Tinieblas , co-written by Pablos and director Daniel Castro Zimbrón , was shown included on the Cinéfondation official selection during the 2014 Cannes Film Festival . Later that year , after an exhaustive casting process , Pablos filmed Las Elegidas in Tijuana with non-professional actors . The film was originally based on a book written by Mexican novelist Jorge Volpi from which Pablos developed a screenplay that features a love story that evolves in a complaint about kidnapping , white slave traffic and prostitution , with a `` documentary tone '' . Las Elegidas competed at the Un Certain Regard section of the 2015 Cannes Film Festival and later premiered at the Morelia International Film Festival . Sight & Sound magazine ranked the film at number 118 of their list for the Best Films of 2015 . In 2016 , Las Elegidas received 13 nominations for the 58th Ariel Awards and won five awards , including Best Picture , and Best Director and Best Original Screenplay for Pablos . The film opened theatrically in Mexico on 14 theaters , which according to Pablos was `` poor '' , and a week later was streamed internationally by Netflix . Thanks to this distribution deal , Pablos was contacted by British band White Lies to hire them to direct a music video for the track `` Take It Out On Me '' , the lead single of their album Friends ( 2016 ) , after Harry McVeigh , lead singer of the band , watched Las Elegidas . In 2016 , Pablos worked on the film adaptation of the novel Los Detectives Salvajes written by Chilean author Roberto Bolaño .
Filmography
Feature films
La vida después ( 2013 )
Las elegidas ( 2015 )
Dance of the 41 ( El baile de los 41 ) ( 2020 )
Documentaries
La Escritura en la Pared ( 2010 )
Una Frontera , Todas las Fronteras ( 2010 )
Short films
El Mundo al Atardecer ( 2007 )
La Canción de los Niños Muertos ( 2008 )
References
External links
1983 births
Ariel Award winners
Best Director Ariel Award winners
Mexican documentary filmmakers
Mexican film directors
Mexican screenwriters
People from Tijuana
Spanish-language film directors
Living people
( born 1948 ) is a Japanese actor who is known for various cameo appearances in numerous movies .
Full credits
External links
news.yahoo.com
Japanese male actors
Japanese kendoka
Japanese expatriates in the United States
1948 births
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Yutaka Kobayashi may refer to :
Name written
Yutaka Kobayashi ( politician ) , Japanese Diet councillor who represented Kanagawa At-large district
Name written
Yutaka Kobayashi ( actor ) , Japanese actor , known for Tenimyu and Kamen Rider Gaim
Yutaka Kobayashi ( announcer ) , Japanese television announcer and meteorologist for Tokyo Broadcasting System Television
Yutaka Kobayashi ( business person ) , Japanese business person who serves as representative director for TV Shizuoka
Other
Kobayashi Yutaka , fictional character in Megatokyo
TuRU Düsseldorf is a German sports club ( football and handball ) from the city of Düsseldorf , North Rhine-Westphalia .
History
Turn- und Rasensport Union Düsseldorf claims a number of early Düsseldorf clubs in its heritage . Düsseldorf Fußball Klub Union was created on 10 May 1905 as Düsselsdorfer Fußball Klub Union through the merger of Vorwärts Düsseldorf and Borussia Düsseldorf with onetime members of Fußball Club Britannia Düsseldorf . The club was renamed Düsseldorfer Sport Club Union in 1911 and in 1913 advanced to the final of the Westdeutcher Fußball Verband where they lost to Duisburger Spielverein , which then went on to the national final against VfB Leipzig . SC joined Verein für Rasensport Düsseldorf and Friedrichstädter Turnverein 1880 to form TuRU in 1919 . Until July 1916 VfR had played as Sport Club Athen Düsseldorf .
TuRU in its turn advanced to the final of the Westdeutcher Fußball Verband in 1923 where they dropped a 3:4 decision to Arminia Bielefeld . Two years later they avenged themselves on both Duisburger SV and Bielefeld , defeating these sides on their way to a national quarterfinal match up versus Hertha BSC Berlin where they were eliminated .
From 1935 to 1942 Düsseldorf played in the Gauliga Niederrhein , one of sixteen top flight divisions formed in the 1933 reorganization of German football under the Third Reich . TuRU made its only DFB-Pokal ( German Cup ) appearance in 1937 in play for the Tschammerpokal , predecessor to the modern day cup competition , and also sent two representatives to the national side in the late 1930s .
Following World War II TuRU played briefly ( 1949–52 ) in the 2 . Oberliga West ( II ) , and then in the Landesliga Niederrhein ( III ) until late in the decade , before slipping into lower level amateur football . The club returned to the Landesliga in 1965 and established itself in fourth- and fifth-tier play over the next several decades . They captured Landesliga Niederrhein titles in 1994 ( V tier ) and 2003 ( VI tier ) . Düsseldorf was promoted to the Oberliga Nordrhein on the strength of their 2004 Verbandsliga Niederrhein ( V ) title and have played at that level until 2008 , earning lower-table results .
The club currently plays in the tier five Oberliga Niederrhein .
Honours
The club 's honours :
Landesliga Niederrhein ( V–VI )
Champions : 1994 , 2003
Verbandsliga Niederrhein ( V )
Champions : 2004
Stadium
TuRU Düsseldorf plays its home fixtures in the Stadion an der Feuerbachstraße ( capacity ~7,500 ) .
Current football squad
External links
Abseits Guide to German Soccer
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in North Rhine-Westphalia
Sport in Düsseldorf
Association football clubs established in 1919
1919 establishments in Germany
Sinking Ships was an American hardcore punk band from Seattle , Washington , formed in 2004 . In 2005 , the band released their debut EP , Meridian , on Run for Cover Records and later re issued on 6131 Records and contributed the track `` Turn My Headphones Up '' to the Generations compilation released on Revelation Records .
Later that year , Sinking Ships signed to Revelation Records and released their album , Disconnecting , in July 2006 . During their existence , Sinking Ships toured with bands such as Comeback Kid , Down To Nothing , Shook Ones , Blacklisted , and Shipwreck . They also released an EP on Revelation entitled Ten , as well as the tour-only single `` Safe '' . Sinking Ships also released a split album released in Japan on the Alliance Trax label with the Japanese bands As We Let Go and My Love . This was their final release .
In the spring and summer of 2008 , Sinking Ships played Rainfest ( May 8 ) and Sound And Fury ( July 8 ) This was to be their final shows .
Members have gone on to play in Wait In Vain , Self Defense Family , Gone But Not Forgotten , Meltdown , and A Storm of Light .
In 2013 , the band reunited for the Rainfest pre-show .
Discography
Demo ( self-released/Excursion Records , 2004 )
Meridian ( Run for Cover Records/6131 Records , 2005 )
Generations Compilation ( Revelation Records , 2005 )
Disconnecting ( Revelation Records , 2006 )
Ten ( Revelation Records , 2007 )
Safe ( Sinking Ships Records , 2007 )
Split [ w/ My Love & As We Let Go ] ( Alliance Trax , 2008 )
Sinking Ships ( Sinking Ships Records , 2008 )
References
External links
Sinking Ships website
Official Sinking Ships myspace
Sinking Ships interview at REDEFINE Magazine , September 2006
Sinking Ships record label
Musical groups from Washington ( state )
Hardcore punk groups from Washington ( state )
Melodic hardcore groups
Revelation Records artists
Run for Cover Records artists
Archives of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media , covering environmental health and the effects of contaminants on the environment . It was established in 1973 and the editor-in-chief is Daniel R. Doerge ( National Center for Toxicological Research ) . According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 2.804 .
References
External links
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Toxicology journals
Publications established in 1973
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Dicranaceae is a family of haplolepideous mosses ( Dicranidae ) in class Bryopsida . Species within this family are dioicous . Genera in this family include Dicranum , Dicranoloma , and Mitrobryum .
Classification
The family Dicranaceae contains the following genera :
Anisothecium
Aongstroemia
Aongstroemiopsis
Braunfelsia
Brotherobryum
Bryotestua
Camptodontium
Campylopodium
Chorisodontium
Cnestrum
Cryptodicranum
Dicnemon
Dicranella
Dicranoloma
Dicranum
Diobelonella
Eucamptodon
Eucamptodontopsis
Holomitriopsis
Holomitrium
Hygrodicranum
Leptotrichella
Leucoloma
Macrodictyum
Mesotus
Mitrobryum
Muscoherzogia
Orthodicranum
Paraleucobryum
Parisia
Phantomia
Platyneuron
Pocsiella
Polymerodon
Pseudephemerum
Pseudochorisodontium
Schliephackea
Sclerodontium
Sphaerothecium
Steyermarkiella
Wardia
Werneriobryum
References
Other sources
Müller , P. and J.-P. Frahm . 1987 . A review of the Paraleucobryoideae ( Dicranaceae ) . Nova Hedwigia 45 : 283–314 .
Dicranales
Moss families
Nikiforovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) and the administrative center of Spasskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 150 as of 2002 .
Geography
Nikiforovskaya is located 31 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Bashevskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
James Worthington Mason ( 1841 – November 1874 ) was a state senator , sheriff , and postmaster in Arkansas . In 1868 they were one of the first six African Americans to serve in the Arkansas House They also served as the first African American postmaster in the United States .
Early life
James W. Mason was born in 1841 in Chicot County , Arkansas . Their father , Elisha Worthington , was a Kentucky-born large landowner and the owner of the Sunnyside Plantation in Chicot County . Their mother was an African slave owned by their father . As a result , they were a mulatto . They had a sister , Martha . They were both recognized by their father , and they studied at Oberlin College in Ohio . They also studied in France .
Career
Mason was appointed as the postmaster of Sunnyside in 1867 , becoming the first documented African-American postmaster in the United States .
They served as a member of the Arkansas Senate from 1868 to 1869 .
They were appointed as Consul General to Liberia on March 29 , 1870 . However , they failed to fill the position .
They served in the Arkansas Senate a second time , from 1871 to 1872 . They then served as the Sheriff of Chicot County from 1872 to 1874 . In the summer of 1873 , they were arrested under the suspicion of inciting a race war in the county . The judge , Colonel John A. Williams , dismissed the trial .
Personal life
They married Rachel , who was also of mixed race . They had a daughter , Fannie . Mason died in late November 1874 .
References
1841 births
1874 deaths
People from Chicot County , Arkansas
Arkansas postmasters
Arkansas state senators
African-American state legislators in Arkansas
African-American politicians during the Reconstruction Era
19th-century American politicians
Oberlin College alumni
African-American sheriffs
Arkansas sheriffs
Zammeh ( , also Romanized as Zameh and Zemeh ) is a village in Belharat Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 456 , in 128 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Barbara Henry ( born May 1 , 1932 ) is a retired American teacher most notable for teaching Ruby Bridges , the first African-American child to attend the all-white William Frantz Elementary School , located in New Orleans .
Henry had gone to Girls ' Latin School in Boston , where “ we learned… to appreciate and enjoy our important commonalities , amid our external differences of class , community , or color. ” They had taught in overseas military dependents ' schools , which were integrated .
Henry and their husband had been in New Orleans for two months when the superintendent called to offer them a teaching position . When Henry asked if the job was in a school that would be integrated , the superintendent replied , “ Would that make any difference to you ? ” They said no .
On the first day of the school year in 1960 , Henry 's and Bridges ' relentless refusal to be intimidated caused them to become renowned figures in the American civil rights battle . As soon as Bridges got into the school , white parents went in and brought their own children out ; all but one of the white teachers also refused to teach while a black child was enrolled . Only Barbara Henry was willing to teach Bridges , and for more than a year Mrs. Henry taught them alone , `` as if they were teaching a whole class . '' That first day , Ruby and their adult companions spent the entire day in the principal 's office ; the chaos of the school prevented their moving to the classroom until the second day . Ruby Bridges was initially apprehensive upon meeting Henry for the first time , recalling later that `` Even though there were mobs outside that school every day for a whole year , the person that greeted me every morning was [ my teacher ] , a white woman , who actually risked their lives as well '' , and `` I had never seen a white teacher before , but Mrs. Henry was the nicest teacher I ever had . They tried very hard to keep my mind off what was going on outside . But I could n't forget that there were no other kids . ''
The court-ordered first day of integrated schools in New Orleans , November 14 , 1960 , was commemorated by Norman Rockwell in the painting The Problem We All Live With .
References
Further reading
Bridges Hall , Ruby . Through My Eyes , Scholastic Press , 1999 . ( )
Coles , Robert . The Story of Ruby Bridges , Scholastic Press , 1995 . ( )
Steinbeck , John . Travels with Charley in Search of America , Viking Adult , 1962 . ( )
The Unfinished Agenda of Brown v. Board of Education , John Wiley & Sons , 2004 . ( )
`` The Courage to Learn . ( Ruby Bridges and teacher Barbara Henry ) ( Interview ) '' , Instructor ( 1990 ) , August 1 , 2001 , Renwick , Lucille
External links
'Barbara Henry - An Oasis of Love & Light in a Desert of Hatred & Ignorance '
'PBS story '
'Ruby Bridges Foundation '
Ruby Bridges ( 1998 TV movie )
History of New Orleans
Activists for African-American civil rights
Living people
School desegregation pioneers
Schoolteachers from Louisiana
American women educators
1932 births
People from Boston
21st-century American women
Boston Latin Academy alumni
Operation Crescent Wind was the codename for the American and British air campaign over Afghanistan in October and November 2001 . The bombing campaign was aided by British special forces troops on the ground to provide targeting information for airstrikes . The campaign significantly weakened the Taliban , paving the way for offensives by the Northern Alliance to take place in November which quickly overran Taliban-controlled regions of Afghanistan .
Opening strikes
The initial strikes were launched from Whiteman Air Force Base , Missouri with two B-2 bombers of the 509th Bomb Wing taking off on the night of 7 October , followed by two on the nights of 8 October and 9 October as well . These bombers refueled with the help of KC-10 and KC-135 tankers of the 60th and 349th Mobility Wings along with the 319th Reconnaissance Wing with coordination by the Eighteenth Air Force , first doing so off the coast of California , followed Hawaii , Guam , and the Strait of Malacca , then a fifth refueling near Diego Garcia before striking their targets in Afghanistan with GBU-31 JDAMs . After delivering their ordnance , the B-2s turned back to receive a final refueling over the Indian Ocean before landing at Andersen Air Force Base . At this point the crews were swapped with the replacement crews who flew the B-2s back to Whiteman in Missouri . It took 30 hours of flying just to reach targets in Afghanistan , with the original crews flying 44 hours and 20 minutes total at the longest , and the aircraft operating for 70 hours in total . The operation remains the longest combat bombing sortie in history .
Initial targets included command and control nodes , Taliban Air Defenses , as well as the modest Taliban Air Force , with the airports of Kabul , Herat , Kandahar , Zaranj and Mazar-i-Sharif being targeted . The Taliban were believed to have had 40 pilots capable of getting some 50 MiG-21s and Su-22s airborne , though there was less concern about these as traditional interceptors as there was about them eventually being loaded with explosives and used to suicide bomb American encampments .
The opening night 's B-2 strike was followed by ten B-52s and either five or eight B1Bs of 28th Bomb Wing from Andersen Air Force Base striking with both JDAMs and Mk 82 unguided bombs , with F-14Ds of VFA-213 from CVW-11 of the USS Carl Vinson participating in the strikes with GBU-16s and 12s , while also armed with AIM-54Cs , AIM-7Ms and AIM-9Ls to provide top cover in the low chance of Taliban interceptors . Assistance was also provided by E2Cs from VAW-117 . While some of the aircrews on the first night reported encountering AAA and MANPAD SAM fire , Taliban aircraft never left the ground , and virtually the entirety of their air force was destroyed in the first night .
A few hours after the initial strikes , the USS Carl Vinson was joined by the USS Enterprise with more F-14As of VFA-41 and EA-6Bs of VAQ-141 from CVW-8 . and later by HMS Trafalgar and HMS Triumph , who launched cruise missiles along with the Vinson and Enterprise .
References
External links
A map of air strikes as provided by BBC
Afghanistan conflict ( 1978–present )
Conflicts in 2001
Crescent Wind
Crescent Wind
crescent wind
2001 in Afghanistan
Battles in 2001
Ruth Ann Musick ( September 17 , 1897 – July 2 , 1974 ) was an American writer and folklorist specializing in West Virginia . They were the sister of artist Archie Musick and niece of writer John R. Musick .
Biography
Youth and education
Born in Kirksville , Missouri , to Levi Prince Musick and Zada ( or Sadie ) Goeghegan , Musick received a Bachelor of Science degree in Education from Kirksville State Teacher 's College ( now Truman State University ) in 1919 . From September 1919 to June 1921 Musick taught at Luana High School , Luana , Iowa , before moving to Garwin , Iowa in 1921 , where they taught at Garwin High School until June 1922 . They then continued their education at the State University of Iowa , graduating with a Master of Science in mathematics in 1928 . Between 1923 and 1931 , Musick taught at Logan High School , in La Crosse , Wisconsin . For five years beginning in 1931 they taught at Phoenix Union High School , Phoenix , Arizona , before returning to the Midwest in 1938 to begin their doctoral study at the State University of Iowa . It was here that their interest in folklore developed . They were granted a Doctor of Philosophy in English in 1943 . Them dissertation was a never-published novel , “ Hell 's Holler , ” dealing with the primitive conditions of their native Chariton River Valley and its tensions with the college of osteopathic medicine in nearby Kirksville , Missouri . While the novel reflects in some measure their grappling with their brief and unhappy marriage to an alcoholic artist , which ended in divorce in 1941 , it draws heavily on events , people , and folk beliefs that surrounded them in their childhood .
Career
Musick began their college teaching career at Iowa 's William Penn College , Oskaloosa , Iowa in 1942 ; two years later they became a member of the faculty of Iowa Wesleyan College . In 1946 they moved to West Virginia to accept a teaching position at Fairmont State College now Fairmont State University where they continued to teach until their retirement in May 1967 . They felt that the Appalachian region surrounding the college was ripe for fieldwork in folklore , and the college in need of courses on folk literature . They laid out a program of research which was approved by college president George H. Hand , and the college 's first folklore course was inaugurated in 1948 . In 1950 they revived the state 's folklore society , dormant since 1917 ( two years after its founding ) , and in 1951 became the founding editor of West Virginia Folklore , serving in that capacity until their retirement in 1967 . According to their eulogy by William Hugh Jansen , Folklore Professor at the University of Kentucky , they had become “ a public relations agent for West Virginia Folklore. ” At the same time , they wrote two folklore columns for West Virginia newspapers : “ The Old Folks Say ” for the Times-West Virginian in Fairmont and “ Sassafras Tea ” for the Allegheny Journal in Elkins and Marlinton , while making numerous conference appearances , publishing regularly in a wide variety of journals , offering workshops and public presentations , and giving talks on radio and television . They were also active as a poet , writer of short stories , and dramatist with community theater programs . Although little of their fiction was published , they continued writing this as well as collecting and publishing folklore . Them fiction ( novels , stories , children 's stories ) weaves folk beliefs into the narrative .
Throughout their life , Musick was a passionate activist on behalf of animals ( she was a vegetarian from the age of six ) , justice for Native Americans , and environmental causes , activist in their writings against mountaintop removal mining , acid rain , and other issues .
Dr. Musick was diagnosed with spinal cancer on November 8 , 1973 , and died July 2 , 1974 in Fairmont , West Virginia at age 76 . In the interests of medical progress , they had allowed themselves to be subjected to experimental treatments . Them papers are now archived in the West Virginia Folklife Center at Fairmont State . In 1980 , the university library was renamed in their honor .
Works
Books
Hell 's Holler ( 2020 ) , Musick 's 1943 novel ( and Iowa doctoral dissertation ) , based on folklore of Adair County MO , published as a special issue of the Missouri Folklore Society Journal , with illustrations by their brother , artist Archie Musick .
Ballads , Folk Songs , and Folk Tales from West Virginia ( 1960 ) , Morgantown : West Virginia University Library
The Telltale Lilac Bush and Other West Virginia Ghost Tales ( 1965 ) , Lexington : The University Press of Kentucky
Green Hills of Magic , West Virginia Folktales From Europe ( 1970 ) , Lexington : The University Press of Kentucky
Coffin Hollow and Other Ghost Tales ( 1977 ) , Lexington : The University Press of Kentucky
Mountain Mother Goose : Child Lore of West Virginia ( posthumous : 2013 ) Fairmont : Fairmont State University
Short stories and articles
1946 . “ A Missouri Dance Call. ” Journal of American Folklore , 59 , 323-34 .
1946 . “ Three Folksongs from Missouri. ” Hoosier Folklore , 5 ( March 1946 ) , 29-34 .
1946 . “ Iowa Student Tales , ” Hoosier Folklore , 5 ( September 1946 ) , 103-110 .
1947 . “ Folklore from West Virginia , ” Hoosier Folklore , 6 ( June 1947 ) , 41- 49 .
1947 . “ The Old Album of William A. Larkin. ” Journal of American Folklore , 60 , 201-51 .
1947 . “ A Snake Story from West Virginia. ” Journal of American Folklore , 60 , 301 .
1947. Review of Ozark Folksongs , Vol . I , by Vance Randolph . Journal of American Folklore , * 60 , 434-36 .
1948 . “ West Virginia Folklore. ” Hoosier Folklore , 7 ( March 1948 ) , 1-14 .
1948 . “ The Tune the Old Cow Died On , ” Hoosier Folklore , 7 ( December 1948 ) , 105-106 .
1949. Review of Ozark Folksongs , Vols . II-III , by Vance Randolph . Journal of American Folklore , 62 , 453-55 .
1950 . “ Children 's Rhymes from Missouri. ” ( written in collaboration with Vance Randolph ) Journal of American Folklore , 63 , 425-37 .
1950 . “ Skeletons from a Homespunner 's Closet , ” From the Manuscript of James S. Williams . Hoosier Folklore , 9 ( October–December 1950 ) , 111-116 .
1951 . “ Folksong Hunters in Missouri. ” ( written in collaboration with Vance Randolph ) Midwest Folklore , 1,23-31 .
1951 . “ Juggin ' Party Tales. ” Southern Folklore Quarterly , 15 ( September ) , 211-219 .
1951. Review of Ozark Folksongs , Vol . IV , by Vance Randolph . Journal of American Folklore , 64 , 442-43 .
1952 . “ Indiana Witch Tales. ” Journal of American Folklore , 65 , 57-65 .
1952 . “ Omens and Tokens of West Virginia. ” Midwest Folklore , 2 , 263- 267 .
1956 . “ European Folktales in West Virginia. ” Midwest Folklore , 6 , 27- 37 .
1957 . “ Ballads and Folksongs from West Virginia : Part I. ” Journal of American Folklore , 70 , 247-61 .
1957 . “ Ballads and Folksongs from West Virginia : Part II. ” Journal of American Folklore , 70 , 336-57 .
1957 . `` The Man Who Could Ride Lightning . '' Colorado Quarterly , 6 , 1 ( Summer 1957 ) , 17-29
1958 . “ West Virginia Ghost Stories. ” Midwest Folklore , 8 , 21-28 .
1960 . “ The Trickster Story in West Virginia. ” Midwest Folklore , 10 , 125-132 .
1963 . `` Jesse James and the Mortgage Holders . '' Colorado Quarterly , 7 , 2 ( Autumn 1963 ) , 129-139
1974 . Witchcraft and the Devil in West Virginia.Appalachian Journal : A Regional Studies Review , 1974 . 1 , 271-76 .
Sources
Byers , Judy Prozillo , `` Ruth Ann Musick — The Show-Me Mountaineer : A Missourian Adopted by West Virginia ' , Missouri Folklore Society Journal , 1986-87 . 8-9 , 89-114 .
Prozzillo , Judy , `` Ruth Ann Musick '' , West Virginia Encyclopedia , Supplemental Vol.25 . pp . 230–232 .
Musick , Pat , niece of Ruth Ann Musick : letters and papers of Ruth Ann Musick and of their other nieces
1897 births
1974 deaths
People from Kirksville , Missouri
Truman State University alumni
University of Iowa alumni
Deaths from spinal cancer
Deaths from cancer in West Virginia
Neurological disease deaths in West Virginia
American folklorists
Women folklorists
William Penn University faculty
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American writers
Iowa Wesleyan University faculty
Fairmont State University faculty
Writers from Missouri
Writers from West Virginia
Schoolteachers from Wisconsin
American women academics
Horeke ( ) is a settlement in the upper reaches of the Hokianga Harbour in Northland , New Zealand . Kohukohu is just across the harbour . The Horeke basalts are located near the town , and can be viewed on an easy stroll through the Wairere Boulders , a commercial park .
The town is at the western end of the km ( 54 mi ) Pou Herenga Tai - Twin Coast Cycle Trail from Opua , which opened fully in 2017 .
History and culture
European settlement
The town was initially called Deptford after the Royal Navy shipyard in England . It was one of the first places settled by Europeans in New Zealand , with shipbuilding established in the late 1820s .
David Ramsay and Gordon Davies Browne came from Sydney to set up a trading post and shipbuilding settlement about 1826 . Three ships were built - a 40-ton schooner called Enterprise , a 140-ton brigantine called New Zealander , and the 394 ( or 392 ) -ton barque Sir George Murray , but the firm went bankrupt in 1830 .
The Wesleyan missionary John Hobbs opened Māngungu Mission , about a mile from the shipyard , in 1828 .
Thomas McDonnell 's station in Horeke was the centre of timber trading in the Hokianga in the 1830s .
Marae
Horeke has six Ngāpuhi marae :
Mataitaua Marae and Ngāti Toro meeting house is a meeting place of Ngāti Toro .
Motukiore Marae and Arohamauora meeting house is a meeting place of Ngāti Toro , Te Māhurehure and Te Ngahengahe .
Paremata Marae and meeting house is a meeting place of Ngāti Hao and Ngāti Toro .
Piki te Aroha or Rāhiri Marae and Whakapono meeting house is a meeting place of Ngāi Tāwake ki te Moana , Ngāi Tāwake ki te Tuawhenua , Ngāti Hao and Ngāti Toro .
Puketawa Marae is a meeting place of Ngāi Tāwake ki te Moana , Ngāti Hao , Ngāti Toro and Te Honihoni .
Tauratumaru Marae and Tahere meeting house is a meeting place of Ngāi Tāwake ki te Moana , Ngāti Toro , Tauratumaru , Te Honihoni and Te Popoto .
In October 2020 , the Government committed $ 441,900 from the Provincial Growth Fund to upgrade Mataitaua Marae , creating 10 jobs . It also committed $ 496,514 to upgrade the Puketawa Marae , creating 22 jobs .
The Maraeroa community , east of Horeke , has two Ngāpuhi marae :
Rangatahi Marae and Maraeroa meeting house is a meeting place of Ngāti Toro , Te Honihoni , Te Popoto and Ngahengahe .
Mokonuiārangi Marae and meeting house is a meeting place of Ngāi Tāwake ki te Moana , Ngāti Toro and Te Ngahengahe .
In October 2020 , the Government committed $ 471,100 to upgrade Rangatahi Marae , creating 15 jobs .
Demographics
Horeke 's meshblock ( 0022000 , which extends to the Utukura River and Ruapapaka Island ) had these census results -
Omahuta Forest-Horeke covers the upper Hokianga Harbour . It has an area of and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2 .
Omahuta Forest-Horeke had a population of 1,056 at the 2018 New Zealand census , an increase of 168 people ( 18.9 % ) since the 2013 census , and an increase of 39 people ( 3.8 % ) since the 2006 census . There were 333 households , comprising 522 males and 531 females , giving a sex ratio of 0.98 males per female . The median age was 40.2 years ( compared with 37.4 years nationally ) , with 264 people ( 25.0 % ) aged under 15 years , 159 ( 15.1 % ) aged 15 to 29 , 462 ( 43.8 % ) aged 30 to 64 , and 171 ( 16.2 % ) aged 65 or older .
Ethnicities were 50.9 % European/Pākehā , 65.1 % Māori , 3.7 % Pacific peoples , 1.7 % Asian , and 0.6 % other ethnicities . People may identify with more than one ethnicity .
The percentage of people born overseas was 6.8 , compared with 27.1 % nationally .
Although some people chose not to answer the census 's question about religious affiliation , 40.6 % had no religion , 35.2 % were Christian , 14.2 % had Māori religious beliefs , 0.3 % were Buddhist and 1.1 % had other religions .
Of those at least 15 years old , 69 ( 8.7 % ) people had a bachelor 's or higher degree , and 192 ( 24.2 % ) people had no formal qualifications . The median income was $ 18,600 , compared with $ 31,800 nationally . 39 people ( 4.9 % ) earned over $ 70,000 compared to 17.2 % nationally . The employment status of those at least 15 was that 264 ( 33.3 % ) people were employed full-time , 117 ( 14.8 % ) were part-time , and 75 ( 9.5 % ) were unemployed .
Education
Horeke School is a coeducational contributing primary ( years 1-8 ) school has a roll of students as of The school was established in 1920 .
Notes
External links
Welcome to the Town of Horeke
Hokianga
Populated places in the Northland Region
Georgia State Route 20 is a state highway from the Alabama state line west of Coosa to Lower Woolsey Road southwest of Hampton
Georgia State Route 20 could also refer to :
Georgia State Route 20 ( 1919-1921 ) : a former state highway that existed from Gray to Sparta
Georgia State Route 20 ( 1921–1929 ) : a former state highway that existed from Louisville to Waynesboro
020 ( disambiguation )
LightSail is a project to demonstrate controlled solar sailing within low Earth orbit using a CubeSat . The project was developed by The Planetary Society , a global non-profit organization devoted to space exploration . It consists of two spacecraft — LightSail 1 and LightSail 2 . LightSail 1 was an engineering demonstration mission designed to test its new sail deployment method in space , it did not perform solar sailing . LightSail 2 is a fully functional spacecraft intended to demonstrate true solar sailing and incorporates the lessons learned from LightSail 1 . LightSail is a follow-on project to Cosmos 1 — a solar-sail spacecraft designed by The Planetary Society in the early 2000s , which was destroyed during a launch failure in 2005 .
Both LightSail spacecraft measure ( 3U CubeSat ) in their stowed configuration . After sail deployment , the total area of each spacecraft is .
History
In 2005 , The Planetary Society attempted to send a solar sail satellite named Cosmos 1 into space , but the spacecraft 's Russian Volna launch vehicle failed to reach orbit . In 2009 , the Society began working on a CubeSat-based solar sail based on NASA 's NanoSail-D project , which was lost in August 2008 due to the failure of its Falcon 1 launch vehicle . ( A second unit , NanoSail-D2 , was successfully deployed in early 2011 . )
In 2011 , the LightSail project passed its Critical Design Review ( CDR ) , which was conducted by a team including Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) project veterans Bud Schurmeier , Glenn Cunningham , and Viktor Kerzhanovich , as well as Dave Bearden of Aerospace Corporation .
On 20 May 2015 , LightSail 1 ( formerly called LightSail-A launched . ) It deployed its solar sail on 7 June 2015 and re-entered the atmosphere , as planned , on 14 June 2015 .
In March 2016 , The Planetary Society announced a new naming convention for the spacecraft : the test flight ( originally LightSail-A ) was renamed LightSail 1 , with the second spacecraft named LightSail 2 . LightSail 2 launched as a secondary payload on the Space Test Program ( STP-2 ) on a Falcon Heavy launch vehicle on 25 June 2019 . It deployed its solar sail on 23 July 2019 , and successfully downlinked photographs of the deployed sail on 24 July 2019 .
The Society has stated it has no plans for a LightSail 3 .
Design
As a solar sail , LightSail 's propulsion relies on solar radiation and not the charged particles of the solar wind . Solar photons exert radiation pressure on the sail , which produces an acceleration on the spacecraft relative to the ratio of the sail 's area to its mass . As such , the design challenge was to maximize the surface area of the sail while minimizing the mass of the spacecraft — all while adhering to the standard 3-unit CubeSat size limitation .
LightSail 's modular design is based on a modular 3-unit CubeSat , a small satellite format created for university-level space projects . One CubeSat-sized module carries the cameras , sensors and control systems , and the other two units contain and deploy the solar sails .
The spacecraft contains four triangular sails , which combine to form a rectangular-shaped surface . The sails are made of Mylar , a reflective polyester film .
LightSail has multiple configurations . It was launched in a stowed configuration with its sails folded within the spacecraft . After launch , it enters an intermediate phase by deploying a small antenna and flipping open its solar panels . This exposes the cameras and reveals the stowed solar sails . To achieve its final `` solar sailing '' configuration , LightSail extends four 4-meter cobalt alloy booms that slowly spread open the mylar sail material . Using an internal reaction wheel , LightSail 2 is able to orient itself against the Sun using Earth 's magnetic field as a guide . By `` tacking '' in and out of the Sun , it can control the force on its sail and thus change its orbit .
Costs and funding
The entire LightSail project cost US $ 7 million over 10 years and was paid for by approximately 40,000 individual donors , including US $ 1.24 million raised from a successful Kickstarter campaign in 2015 . Launch costs were supported by NASA 's Educational Launch of Nanosatellites program ( LightSail 1 ) and the Air Force Research Laboratory 's University Nanosat Program ( LightSail 2 ) .
LightSail 1
A preliminary technology demonstrator spacecraft , LightSail 1 ( formerly LightSail-A ) , was launched as a secondary payload aboard a United Launch Alliance Atlas V launch vehicle at 15:05 UTC on 20 May 2015 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , Florida . The mission delivered the satellite to an orbit where atmospheric drag was greater than the force exerted by solar radiation pressure .
Two days after the launch , however , the spacecraft suffered a software malfunction , which made it unable to deploy the solar sail or to communicate . On 31 May 2015 , The Planetary Society reported having regained contact with LightSail 1 . After the solar panels were deployed on 3 June 2015 , communications with the spacecraft were lost once more on 4 June 2015 . In this case , a fault with the battery system was suspected . Contact was then reestablished on 6 June 2015 , and the sail deployment was initiated on 7 June 2015 . At a conference on 10 June 2015 , after photos of deployment were downloaded , the test flight was declared a success . The spacecraft reentered the atmosphere on 14 June 2015 , ending the test flight .
LightSail 2
LightSail 2 was launched on 25 June 2019 and deployed by the Prox-1 carrier satellite into a much higher low Earth orbit than LightSail 1 , at over orbital altitude . It was to demonstrate controlled solar sailing in low Earth orbit . By controlling the orientation of the sail relative to the Sun , the flight team hoped to raise the orbit apogee and increase orbital energy following sail deployment . Prox-1 and LightSail 2 were secondary payloads aboard the second operational SpaceX Falcon Heavy launch , which carried the STP-2 payload for the U.S. Air Force .
Researchers received the first pictures from LightSail 2 on 7 July 2019 , and its solar sails were deployed on 23 July 2019 . On 31 July 2019 , The Planetary Society stated that they had raised LightSail 2 orbit by a measurable amount , although it has spent a significant amount of its time randomly tumbling .
Though initially planned to reenter Earth 's atmosphere after approximately one year , an extended mission was approved on 25 June 2020 . The Planetary Society estimates that at the current rate of orbital decay ( per day depending on the level of active sail control ) LightSail 2 is expected to remain in orbit until the second half of 2021 .
An experimental spacecraft testing solar sails as a means of cost-effective space propulsion that could power future missions to distant places is still in Earth 's orbit more than two years after its launch . The spacecraft , LightSail 2 , is a cubesat fitted with a solar sail the size of a boxing ring : it covers . This sail captures incoming photons from the Sun , just as a wind sail catches the moving air , to propel the spacecraft .
See also
CubeSail
CubeSail ( UltraSail )
IKAROS , an interplanetary Japanese solar sail , launched in May 2010
NanoSail-D2 , the successor to NanoSail-D , launched in November 2010
Near-Earth Asteroid Scout , a solar sail planned to launch in 2022
OKEANOS , a large Japanese solar sail proposal to explore Jupiter Trojans
Sunjammer , a solar sail that was canceled before launch in 2014
References
External links
CubeSats
Private spaceflight
Solar sail spacecraft
The Planetary Society
Spacecraft launched in 2015
Spacecraft launched in 2019
SpaceX commercial payloads
Kickstarter-funded spacecraft
Secondary payloads
The Kenmore-Town of Tonawanda Union Free School District , also called the Ken-Ton School District , or simply Ken-Ton Schools , serves Kenmore and a majority of the Town of Tonawanda in New York State . It is one of the largest in Western New York .
Central Office Location
The district Central Office is located at 1500 Colvin Blvd .
Current Administrators
Sabatino Cimato ; Superintendent of Schools
Kelly White ; Assistant Superintendent of Instruction
Elaine Ablove , Staff Development Center Director
Lisa Cross ; Director of Secondary Education
Heather Fleming ; Director of Technology Integration
Anne Martell ; Assistant Director of K-12 Education
Michael Muscarella ; Director of Elementary Education
Frank Spagnolo , Director of Informational Data and Accountability/CIO
Tracy Spagnolo ; Assistant Superintendent of Student Services
Christine Barth ; Director of Secondary Special Education
Christa Young ; Director of Elementary Special Education
Dina Ferraraccio ; Director of School Culture
Jeffery Richards ; Assistant Superintendent of Human Resources
Liza Acanfora , Director of Adult & Community Education
Patrick Moses , Director of Personnel
Nicole Morasco ; Assistant Superintendent of Finance
Timothy Ames , Director of Facilities
James Nestico , Supervisor of Transportation
Kim Roll , Director of Food Services
Brett Banker ; Director of Health , Physical Education , and Athletics
Lindsay Bergman , Assistant Director
Debra Carey , Medical Director
Former Superintendents
The following individuals have served as Superintendent of Schools of the Kenmore-Town of Tonawanda Union Free School District :
Frank C. Densberger , 1915-1953
Carl Baisch , 1953-1963
C. Sherwood Miller , 1963-1975
Philip Tieman , 1975-1979
Richard Lane , 1979-1980
John Helfrich , 1981-1994
Robert Freeland , 1994
Robert McClure , 1994-1998
Robert Fort , 1998
David Paciencia , 1998-2000
Steven Achramovitch , 2001-2006
Anne Marotta , 2006-2007
Mark Mondanaro , 2007-2014
Dawn Mirand , 2014-2017
Stephen Bovino , 2017-2020
Open Schools
At its enrollment peak the district housed 22,000 students in 23 school buildings . The district now operates 9
schools with an enrollment of 6,875 . As of 2016 , the five Elementary schools house grades Pre-K to 4th Grade , Middle schools house grades 5 through 7 , and High schools grades 8 through 12 .
Kenmore East High School ( Built and opened in 1959 )
Kenmore West Senior High School ( Built between 1938 and 1940 and opened in the fall of 1940 )
Kenmore Big Picture High School ( Built in 1923 and opened and dedicated on November 18 , 1924 , as the original Kenmore High School )
Benjamin Franklin Middle School ( Built in 1952 )
Herbert Hoover Middle School ( Built and dedicated on October 10 , 1951 )
Thomas A. Edison Elementary School ( Built in 1954 )
Benjamin Franklin Elementary School ( Built in 1952 )
Oliver Wendell Holmes Elementary School ( Built in 1964 )
Herbert Hoover Elementary School ( Built and dedicated on October 10 , 1951 )
Charles E. Lindbergh Elementary School ( Opened in September 1930 )
Alexander Hamilton School ( Built in 1958 ) Closed on June 21 , 2016 , re-opened in the Fall of 2021 as the district 's Pre-K Building .
Closed Schools
Warren G. Harding Elementary School ( River Rd . Town of Tonawanda , ) built in 1920 , opened in 1921 and sold in 1956 to the Town Boys and Girls Club
Dewitt Clinton Elementary School ( McConkey Dr. Town of Tonawanda ) Grades K-6 , closed in 1974 , now New Covenant Tabernacle
Horace Mann Elementary School ( Westchester Blvd . Town of Tonawanda ) Grades K-6 , closed 1976 now Westchester Park Apartments for Seniors
Robert Frost Elementary School ( Ensminger Rd. , Town of Tonawanda ) Grades K-3 , closed 1977 now Town of Tonawanda Senior Citizens Center
Heritage Elementary School ( 169 Heritage Rd . Town of Tonawanda , ) Grades K-3 , closed in 1974 , building sold to People Inc .
Jane Addams Elementary School ( Cortland Ave & Belcher Ave Town of Tonawanda ) Grades K-3 , closed 1978 , demolished to build Center Court Commons 28 residential homes
Betsy Ross Elementary School ( Wilber Ave & Mang Ave Kenmore , NY ) Grades K-2 , closed 1980 , now owned by Village of Kenmore and operates as a Community Center
Longfellow Elementary School ( Myron Ave. Kenmore , NY ) , Grades K-3 , closed 1981 , now operates as School District use
Abraham Lincoln Elementary School ( Wendel Ave & Cambridge St. Town of Tonawanda , NY ) Opened 1924 , Grades K-6 , closed 1981 now a Stanley G. Falk School
Lincoln House Annex , closed in 1977
Green Acres Elementary School ( Yorkshire Rd . & Pryor Ave. Town of Tonawanda , NY ) Grades K-6 , closed 1981 now owned by Heritage Centers
Brighton Elementary School ( Eggert Rd . & Fries Rd . Town of Tonawanda , NY ) , Grades K-6 , closed 1978 , and demolished to build Brighton Senior Square Apartments
Philip Sheridan Elementary School ( Elmwood Ave. Town of Tonawanda ) closed 1982 , used by school district programs from 1982–2018 , and sold to CMS rentals for Senior Housing .
Sheridan Parkside Elementary School ( Sheridan Parkside Drive , Town of Tonawanda ) Built in 1955 , closed 1982 now owned by Town of Tonawanda and operates as a Community Center , Head Start , Home of the Towne Players Theater Co , Meals on Wheels , the Erie Count Labor Board and Work Readiness Skills , and the Town of Tonawanda Historical Society .
Sheridan Annex , Closed in 1975
George Washington Elementary School ( Delaware Ave. & Delaware Rd . Kenmore ) closed 1982 converted to luxury apartments
Jefferson Elementary School ( Athens Blvd. , Town of Tonawanda ) Built and opened in 1956 , closed in 2013 . The district rents the space to the Ken-Ton Closet and the Town of Tonawanda Youth/Teen Center .
Theodore Roosevelt Elementary School ( 283 Washington Ave. ) Opening in 1928 and closing on June 21 , 2016 , now owned by Stanley G. Falk School
Kenmore Middle School ( 155 Delaware Road . ) closed on June 21 , 2016 , now home of the Kenmore Education Center , housing the Big Picture High School program , Adult and Community Education , and the Staff Development Center .
References
External links
Education in Erie County , New York
School districts in New York ( state )
Sacabamba ( ) is a town in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia . It is the capital of Sacabamba Municipality , the fourth municipal section of Esteban Arce Province . At the time of census 2001 it had a population of 636 .
See also
Jatun Mayu
References
Instituto Nacional de Estadistica de Bolivia
External links
Map of Esteban Arce Province
Populated places in Cochabamba Department
Giridhar Madras is an Indian chemical engineer . They are currently a senior professor in the department of chemical engineering at the Indian institute of technology Hyderabad . They were a professor at the Indian Institute of Science . They are a recipient of the Swarna Jayanti Fellowship , J C Bose National Fellowship and the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize . They have published more than 550 journal articles , fetching more than 25,000 citations with an h-index of 80 . This makes them one of most cited scientists working in an engineering field in India . They have graduated over 100 students , including 50 Ph.D students . They also write a blog about life at IISc .
After a sexual harassment complaint filed by a doctoral student advised by them and subsequent investigation by IISc 's internal complaints committee that confirmed the allegation to be true , the IISc governing council asked them to seek `` compulsory retirement '' in October 2018 . At first , Honourable Justice Devdas of Karnataka high court has stayed the compulsory retirement of Prof. Giridhar Madras on 7 January 2019 , stating several legal violations were made by ICC in the investigation process.The court concurred with Prof Madras that the IISc failed to give them a show-cause notice before forcing them into retirement . Further , the woman had been satisfied with the professor 's response to their first complaint which was eventually closed . Subsequently , on 6 August 2019 , Honourable Justice B.P . Bajanthri of Karnataka high court absolved Professor Madras of any wrongdoing in the asupervisorstioned case , and directed IISc to take action against the Director and the ICC `` for violating the rule prohibiting disclosure of the contents of a complaint of sexual harassment and inquiry proceedings. ``
The institute filed an appeal against the above decision . The appeal was disposed following a settlement reached between IISc and Professor Giridhar Madras . The terms of this settlement are confidential . Giridhar Madras left the institute taking voluntary retirement on the day of infamy , December 7 ( Case WA 3681/2019 ) .
A detailed profile of the eminent scientist has been published as a research article here
References
Living people
IIT Madras alumni
Texas A & M University alumni
1967 births
20th-century Indian chemists
Scientists from Bangalore
Indian Institute of Science faculty
Lord Nicholas V of Werle [ -Goldberg and -Waren ] ( between 1341 and 1385 – after 21 January 1408 ) was Lord of Werle-Goldberg and Werle-Waren from 1385 ( or 1395 ) until 1408 . They were the son of John VI of Werle and Agnes , the daughter of Nicholas IV of Werle-Goldberg .
They reigned jointly with their father and after their father 's death , they ruled alone until 1401 . After 1401 , they ruled jointly with their brother Christopher on the rule Werle . After 1397 they married Sophie ( died : before 21 August 1408 ) , the daughter of Duke Bogislaw VI of Pomerania-Wolgast . They were the widow of the Duke Eric I of Mecklenburg-Schwerin .
Nicholas V died in 1408 and was buried in the Doberan Minster .
Their daughter Judith ( nicknamed Jutta ) was married to Henry , Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard .
External links
Genealogical table of the House of Mecklenburg
Biographical information on Nicholas at emecklenburg.de
Lords of Werle
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
14th-century German nobility
15th-century German nobility
The Roaring River is a right tributary of the Swan River in Manitoba , Canada .
Geography
Manitoba 's Duck Mountain is part of the Manitoba Escarpment .
It has steep slopes on the north and east sides , with a total relief of about .
The mountain is forest-covered , and contains many lakes and streams .
The Roaring River drains the north side of the Duck Mountain Provincial Park of Manitoba .
It receives the Favel River on its right .
It runs northeast until it joins the Swan River from the south .
The Swan River continues northeast and discharges into the Swan Lake .
A site along the river has been analyzed for pollen records of the Middle Pleistocene , a thousand years ago . It shows a sequence from a cool climate with boreal forest , to a warm climate with grassland and then oak savanna , and then a return to boreal forest .
Hydrology
Usually there is less than of precipitation per year , one third of which falls as snow in the winter .
A gauge near Minitonas records highly variable flows from one year to another , averaging about .
Most of the flow ( about 60 % ) occurs during the spring run-off from April to May , as the snow in the watershed melts .
The flow tapers off during the summer and fall .
History
Settlement of the region began in 1899 with the completion of the Canadian National Railway to Swan River .
The Roaring River School District was organized in October 1902 .
Until 1951 children were taught in a wood-frame school building in the west of the Rural Municipality of Minitonas .
In 1911 Gertrude Twilley ( later Gertrude Richardson by marriage ) and their mother moved from England to Canada to stay with Gertrude 's brother Fred on their homestead in the Roaring River district of Manitoba . The Roaring River Suffrage Association was founded in March 1912 , with both men and women as members .
Getrude Twilley was president and their sister Fannie Livesey was secretary . They were one of the first suffrage groups in Manitoba .
References
Sources
Rivers of Manitoba
Mathias Sandorf is a 1979 historical adventure television series based on the Jules Verne novel of the same title . A co-production between France , Hungary , Italy and West Germany it debuted on West Germany 's ZDF in December 1979 before receiving a French broadcast the following year .
Partial cast
István Bujtor as Mathias Sandorf
Amadeus August as Étienne Bathory
Ivan Desny as Ladislaus Zathmary
Jutta Speidel as Rena Sandorf
Monika Peitsch as Gertrud Toronthal
Jacques Breuer as Pierre Bathory
Sissy Höfferer as Sava Toronthal
Marie-Christine Demarest as Clara Bathory
Claude Giraud as Silas Toronthal
References
Bibliography
Bock , Hans-Michael & Bergfelder , Tim . The Concise CineGraph . Encyclopedia of German Cinema . Berghahn Books , 2009 .
External links
1979 German television series debuts
1979 German television series endings
1980 French television series debuts
1980 French television series endings
French-language television shows
German-language television shows
Films based on Mathias Sandorf
Television shows based on works by Jules Verne
The 1964 Kensington and Chelsea Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained control of the council .
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough . Previously elections had taken place in the Metropolitan Borough of Chelsea and Metropolitan Borough of Kensington . These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Kensington and Chelsea by the London Government Act 1963 .
A total of 168 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 15 wards . These included a full slate from the Conservative party , while the Labour and Liberal parties stood 59 and 42 respectively . Other candidates included 7 from the Communist party . There were 4 six-seat wards , 4 two-seat wards , 3 four-seat wards , 3 three-seat wards and 1 seven-seat ward .
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors . The Conservatives got 8 aldermen and Labour 2 .
The Council was elected in 1964 as a `` shadow authority '' but did not start operations until 1 April 1965 .
Election result
The results saw the Conservatives gain the new council with a majority of 32 after winning 46 of the 60 seats . Overall turnout in the election was 25.5 % . This turnout included 626 postal votes .
Ward results
Labour nominee A. J. Kazantzis was rejected because one of their assenting signatories had signed the nomination papers of Mr. Banner-Stone and Mr. Dutch .
References
1964
Kensington and Chelsea
20th century in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Nell Feeney is an Australian actor who played Janelle Timmins on the Australian soap opera Neighbours from November 2004 to July 2007 , returning briefly in 2015 . They had also appeared in the soap the previous year as Joanne Blair . They were married to former cast member Shane Connor and together they have twins .
Them contract with Neighbours expired during the course of 2007 , and they left the show along with Sianoa Smit-McPhee who plays their on-screen daughter Bree Timmins . They also appeared in the movie Mallboy , also featuring their Neighbours on-screen husband Brett Swain .
They have appeared in many other Australian television shows , including City Homicide , Rush , Blue Heelers , Dirt Game , Stingers , and Winners & Losers .
Nell appeared in the ABC police drama Phoenix .
References
External links
Australian television actores
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Crown Lands Act 1623 ( 21 Jac 1 c 25 ) is an Act of the Parliament of England .
This Act was partly in force in Great Britain at the end of 2010 .
See also
Crown Lands Act
References
Halsbury 's Statutes ,
External links
The Crown Lands Act 1623 , as amended , from Legislation.gov.uk .
Acts of the Parliament of England
1623 in law
1623 in England
Luis Sáenz Peña Dávila ( April 2 , 1822 – December 4 , 1907 ) was a lawyer and President of Argentina . They were the father of president Roque Sáenz Peña .
Biography
Luis Saenz Peña was born on April 2 , 1822 , the son of Roque Julián Sáenz Peña and María Luisa Dávila .
They graduated in law from the University of Buenos Aires , and participated in the constitutional assembly of 1860 . They were a number of times a national deputy and senator . In 1882 they occupied a seat on the Supreme Court of the Province of Buenos Aires . Later they were employed as president of the Provincial Bank , director of the Academy of Jurisprudence , and had a seat in the General Council of Education .
On November 18 , 1848 , they married Cipriana Lahitte in the Church of San Ignacio , in Buenos Aires .
Political office
In 1882 they served as a member of the Supreme Court of the Province of Buenos Aires . Later , they served as president of the Bank of the Province of Buenos Aires .
They were several times a national deputy and senator .
Presidency
Luis Sáenz Peña -a prominent Catholic leader- , was anointed as a transitional president , after an agreement between the Roquismo and Mitrismo that prevented the electoral participation of the brand new U.C.R .
On 12 October 1892 Sáenz Peña was inaugurated president of the country . They began their mandate convinced that their mission was to finish getting out of the Panic of 1890 . They decided not to contract new debts , and personally renegotiated the existing ones in London : the financial situation forced the bankers to accept the conditions imposed by the Minister of Finance , Juan José Romero , who got some cuts in the capital and a somewhat longer term . By mid-1893 , the crisis could be considered over .
During their tenure , the Ministry of Public Works managed to expand the railway network , to the point that all provincial capitals —except La Rioja— were linked by rails . The cities of Buenos Aires , Rosario and Santa Fe finished their ports , and the capital opened the Avenida de Mayo , which for more than half a century would be the show window of the great city .
In 1893 , Congress approved the creation of the National Charity Lottery , today the National Lottery , which became active in 1894 .
In 1894 , Law 1,894 was enacted , which yielded large portions of the Chaco National Territory to neighboring provinces , especially benefiting the Province of Santa Fe .
Revolution and resignation
In 1895 , the political situation became more unstable every day , due to the evident incapacity of the president ; Sáenz Peña changed their entire cabinet of ministers several times , unsuccessfully seeking to avoid journalistic criticism .
The situation spread to the interior provinces , where on several occasions the governments were overthrown , thus increasing instability . Sáenz Peña , increasingly disoriented , tried all possible alliances , and finally - before the imminence of a radical revolution - appointed Aristóbulo del Valle Minister of War and Navy . This convinced them to disarm the National Guards , with the apparent aim of avoiding new revolutions , but a few days later the radical revolution broke out .
Sáenz Peña no longer controlled their ministers , who ruled according to Roca and Pellegrini 's instructions . In mid-January 1895 , all of them submitted their resignations en masse . Sáenz Peña submitted their resignation on January 22 , which was received with relief by public opinion . The government passed into the hands of José Evaristo Uriburu , who completed the term ending in 1898 .
Death
They died in Buenos Aires on December 4 , 1907 , at the age of 85 . They are buried in the Recoleta Cemetery .
References
1822 births
1907 deaths
19th-century Argentine lawyers
Argentine people of Spanish descent
National Autonomist Party politicians
Presidents of Argentina
Members of the Argentine Senate for Buenos Aires Province
Presidents of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Buenos Aires Province
Vice Governors of Buenos Aires Province
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Burials at La Recoleta Cemetery
Patrician families of Buenos Aires
Communist Party of Aragon ( in Spanish : Partido Comunista de Aragón , in Aragonese : Partiu Comunista d'Aragón ) , is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain ( PCE ) in Aragon .
References
External links
PCA website
Aragon
Political parties in Aragon
Political parties with year of establishment missing
Courtney Ramey ( born October 2 , 1999 ) is an American college basketball player for the Arizona Wildcats of the Pac-12 Conference .
High school career
Ramey played basketball for Webster Groves High School in Webster Groves , Missouri . As a junior , they averaged 20 points , eight rebounds and six assists per game , leading their team to the Class 5 state championship . They were named St. Louis Post-Dispatch Player of the Year . In their senior season , Ramey averaged 22 points , seven rebounds and seven assists per game , winning their second straight Class 5 state title and sharing St. Louis Post-Dispatch Player of the Year with E. J. Liddell . They left as their school 's all-time leader in points and assists . They earned Mr. Show-Me Basketball honors as the top high school player in Missouri . Ramey originally committed to playing college basketball for Louisville but reopened their recruitment after an FBI investigation involving the program . They later committed to Texas over offers from Louisville , Missouri and Oklahoma State .
College career
As a first-year student at Texas , Ramey was praised by head coach Shaka Smart for their impact on both ends of the floor . They averaged 8.1 points , 3.3 rebounds and 3.1 assists per game , helping their team win the 2019 National Invitation Tournament . On February 9 , 2019 , Ramey recorded a sophomore season-high 25 points , six rebounds and five steals in a 70–59 win over Kansas State . As a sophomore , they averaged 10.9 points , 3.9 rebounds and 2.9 assists per game and was named to the All-Big 12 honorable mention . On January 2 , 2021 , Ramey scored 18 points to help upset third-ranked Kansas , 84–59 . As a junior , they averaged 12.2 points , 3.2 rebounds and 3.9 assists per game , earning Third Team All-Big 12 honors . Following the season , they declared for the 2021 NBA draft while maintaining their college eligibility .
Career statistics
College
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2018–19
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Texas
| 37 || 20 || 25.5 || .385 || .386 || .588 || 3.3 || 3.1 || .9 || .2 || 8.1
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2019–20
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Texas
| 31 || 28 || 31.5 || .401 || .313 || .709 || 3.9 || 2.9 || 1.0 || .1 || 10.9
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2020–21
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Texas
| 26 || 26 || 33.5 || .383 || .414 || .831 || 3.2 || 3.9 || 1.0 || .1 || 12.2
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2021–22
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Texas
| 34 || 32 || 30.1 || .397 || .350 || .765 || 3.5 || 1.6 || 1.0 || .2 || 9.4
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
|| 128 || 106 || 29.8 || .392 || .365 || .737 || 3.5 || 2.8 || 1.0 || .1 || 10.0
Personal life
Ramey wears the number 3 jersey to honor three people close to them who died during their childhood : their grandmother , their mother and their best friend , Alvin . They were coached by their father , Terrell , on their Amateur Athletic Union team .
References
External links
Texas Longhorns bio
1999 births
Living people
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from St. Louis
Texas Longhorns athletes
Texas Longhorns men 's basketball players
Point guards
Webster Groves High School alumni
African-American basketball players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
Gangster 's Law ( ) is a 1969 Italian thriller film directed by Siro Marcellini and starring Klaus Kinski .
Cast
Klaus Kinski as Quintero
Maurice Poli as Rino Quintero
Franco Citti as Bruno Esposito
Samy Pavel as Franco
Susy Andersen as Mayde
Hélène Chanel as Countess Elena Villani
Micaela Pignatelli as Renato 's lover
Nello Pazzafini as the driver
Aurora Bautista as Rosi , Bruno 's lover
Production
Gangster 's Law was filmed on location Genoa .
Release
Gangster 's Law was released in Italy on 8 August 1969 where it was distributed by Regional . It grossed a total of 140,995,000 Italian lire on its theatrical release .
References
External links
1969 films
Italian thriller films
1960s Italian-language films
1960s crime thriller films
Films directed by Siro Marcellini
Films scored by Piero Umiliani
1960s Italian films
The 24th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1878 New Brunswick general election , the 24th overall general election for New Brunswick , for the 24th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly , but considered the 4th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick , or
the 1960 New Brunswick general election , the 44th overall general election for New Brunswick , for the 44th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly , but considered the 24th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick .
The Farrington Twinstar is an American two-seat autogyro that was designed and produced by Farrington Aircraft of Paducah , Kentucky , a company owned by Don Farrington . Now out of production , when it was available the aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction . It first flew in 1993 .
Design and development
The aircraft was designed to comply with the US Experimental - Amateur-built aircraft rules . It features a single main rotor , a two-seats-in tandem open cockpit with a windshield , tricycle landing gear without wheel pants , plus a tail caster . The tail consists of two vertical stabilizers and rudders . The acceptable power range is and the standard engine used is a four-cylinder , air-cooled , four-stroke , dual-ignition Lycoming O-320 in pusher configuration . The cabin width is .
The aircraft fuselage is made from a combination of welded steel and bolted-together aluminum tubing , with a fiberglass cockpit fairing . Its two-bladed rotor has a diameter of . The aircraft has a typical empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of . With full fuel of the payload for the pilot , passengers and baggage is .
The standard day , sea level , no wind , take off with a engine is and the landing roll is .
The manufacturer estimated the construction time from the supplied kit as 200 hours .
Operational history
By 1998 the company reported that 25 kits had been sold and five aircraft were completed and flying .
In March 2015 six examples were registered in the United States with the Federal Aviation Administration , although a total of 12 had been registered at one time .
Specifications ( Twinstar )
See also
List of rotorcraft
References
Twinstar
1990s United States sport aircraft
1990s United States civil utility aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined pusher autogyros
Aircraft first flown in 1993
Peyruis ( ; ) is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Population
Its inhabitants are referred to as Peyruisiens .
See also
Communes of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department
References
Communes of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
Alpes-de-Haute-Provence communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Ostrander Lake is located in Yosemite National Park , approximately south of Yosemite Valley and east of the Badger Pass Ski Area , at an elevation of . The lake is a popular destination for cross-country skiers during the winter . It is the primary source of Bridalveil Creek , which feeds Bridalveil Falls .
Hiking Trail
The hike to Ostrander Lake is a long and strenuous out and back hike starting from the trailhead located just after Bridalveil Creek on the Glacier Point road . This hike requires a Backcountry Permit , if staying overnight , available at the Wilderness Center in Yosemite Village . The hike begins with a fairly level path through an extensive burned over and regrowth area , with both shaded and sunny areas . The second half of the hike climbs , steep at times , over in elevation in about 3 miles . Portions of the 4th and 5th miles are not shady and can make for warm hiking on summer afternoons . Hikers will have a nice view of Clark Range before dropping down to the north shore of the lake . Several excellent campsites can be found on the west side of the lake , particularly on the benches overlooking the rocky ridge that forms the eastern shore backdrop . Fishing is fair for 10-12 '' rainbow trout . In the summer , the lake is a great backpacking destination because the ski hut is unoccupied but its presence keeps away the hordes of hikers looking for a `` wilderness '' destination .
The lake is named for a descendant of Alexander Ostrander ( 1783 ) of Smithfield NY . This branch of Ostrander family settled in Colorado ( Georgetown , Granby , Hot Sulphur Springs , Golden ) prior to 1872 , and some moved from Colorado to California .
The Ostrander Ski Hut
The Ostrander Ski Hut is a two-story stone structure built in 1941 by the Civilian Conservation Corps specifically for cross-country skiers . It was intended to be part of a larger system of winter trails and huts along the Sierra Crest that never were developed .
The hut sits in a small glacial cirque at the edge of Ostrander Lake . Very basic overnight accommodations and cooking facilities are available at the hut . It sleeps 25 people and has bunks , mattresses , wood stove , a kitchen with a gas stove for cooking and assorted pots and pans available for the visitor 's use . Drinking and wash water is hauled from the lake in buckets ; treatment is the individual visitor 's responsibility . Light is from solar powered lights .
In winter , when the Glacier Point Road is closed at Badger Pass Ski area , the trail to Ostrander Ski Hut is ten miles one way . The trip is not for novices . The hut is operated by the Yosemite Conservancy , a non-profit educational organization in Yosemite National Park . It is staffed with a hutmaster during the winter months .
See also
List of lakes in California
References
Lakes of Mariposa County , California
Lakes of Yosemite National Park
Matthew M. Klein ( born December 28 , 1933 ) is an American politician who served as member of the North Dakota House of Representatives from 1993 to 2016 . They were also the speaker of the House during the 2005 legislative session . They were succeeded as speaker by Rep. Jeff Delzer . Klein is an engineering consultant by trade .
They graduated from North Dakota State University with a degree in Electrical Engineering and did graduate studies at USC and UCLA . They served in the United States Air Force and is a member of the American Legion .
References
External links
North Dakota Legislature biography page
1933 births
Living people
North Dakota State University alumni
University of Southern California alumni
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
Members of the North Dakota House of Representatives
North Dakota Republicans
Speakers of the North Dakota House of Representatives
Military personnel from North Dakota
21st-century American politicians
The Historic Preservation Overlay Zone of the City of Los Angeles in California has been hailed by historic preservation advocates for its pioneering program , which designates not just buildings but entire neighborhoods or districts as worthy of historic preservation .
Most of these districts are areas dominated by Victorian and Craftsman single-family houses , but some are predominantly Mission Revival or Spanish Colonial Revival , and one ( the Gregory Ain Mar Vista Tract ) is a mid-century modern area .
List of HPOZ zones
The current HPOZs in Los Angeles , according to the Los Angeles Planning Division , Historic Preservation department , include :
See also
: Category : Los Angeles Historic Preservation Overlay Zones .
References
Notes
Citations
External links
City of Los Angeles : Historic Preservation Overlay Zones
Los Angeles Conservancy : City of Los Angeles Historic Preservation Overlay Zones ( HPOZ )
Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments
Circuit breaker is a design pattern used in software development . It is used to detect failures and encapsulates the logic of preventing a failure from constantly recurring , during maintenance , temporary external system failure or unexpected system difficulties .
Common uses
Assume that an application connects to a database 100 times per second and the database fails . The application designer does not want to have the same error reoccur constantly . They also want to handle the error quickly and gracefully without waiting for TCP connection timeout .
Generally Circuit Breaker can be used to check the availability of an external service . An external service can be a database server or a web service used by the application .
Circuit breaker detects failures and prevents the application from trying to perform the action that is doomed to fail ( until it 's safe to retry ) .
Implementation
Implementations of the Circuit Breaker Design Pattern need to retain the state of the connection over a series of requests . It must offload the logic to detect failures from the actual requests . Therefore , the state machine within the circuit breaker needs to operate in some sense concurrently with the requests passing through it . One way this can be achieved is asynchronously .
In a multi-node ( clustered ) server , the state of the upstream service will need to be reflected across all the nodes in the cluster . Therefore , implementations may need to use a persistent storage layer , e.g . a network cache such as Memcached or Redis , or local cache ( disk or memory based ) to record the availability of what is , to the application , an external service .
Circuit Breaker records the state of the external service on a given interval .
Before the external service is used from the application , the storage layer is queried to retrieve the current state .
Performance implication
While it 's safe to say that the benefits outweigh the consequences , implementing Circuit Breaker will negatively affect the performance . This is because it adds additional code into the execution path to check for the state of the circuit . This can be seen in the PHP example below , where checking APC for the database status costs a few extra cycles . Also , running the circuit breaker code itself consumes resources on the system where it is running , thus leaving less execution power for `` real '' applications .
By how much depends on the storage layer used and generally available resources . The largest factors in this regard are the type of cache , for example , disk-based vs. memory-based and local vs. network .
Different States of Circuit Breaker
Closed
Open
Half Open
Closed State
When everything is normal , the circuit breakers remained closed , and all the request passes through to the services as shown below . If the number of failures increases beyond the threshold , the circuit breaker trips and goes into an open state .
Open State
In this state circuit breaker returns an error immediately without even invoking the services . The Circuit breakers move into the half-open state after a timeout period elapses . Usually , it will have a monitoring system where the timeout will be specified .
Half Open State
In this state , the circuit breaker allows a limited number of requests from the Microservice to passthrough and invoke the operation . If the requests are successful , then the circuit breaker will go to the closed state . However , if the requests continue to fail , then it goes back to Open state .
Example implementation
PHP
The following is a sample implementation in PHP . The proof of concept stores the status of a MySQL server into a shared memory cache ( APC ) .
Check
The following script could be run on a set interval through crontab .
$ mysqli = new mysqli ( 'localhost ' , 'user ' , 'pass ' ) ;
if ( $ mysqli- > connect_error ) {
apc_store ( 'dbStatus ' , 'down ' ) ;
} else {
apc_store ( 'dbStatus ' , 'up ' ) ;
$ mysqli- > close ( ) ;
}
Usage in an application
if ( apc_fetch ( 'dbStatus ' ) === 'down ' ) {
echo 'The database server is currently not available . Please try again in a minute . ' ;
exit ;
}
$ mysqli = new mysqli ( 'localhost ' , 'user ' , 'pass ' , 'database ' ) ;
$ result = $ mysqli- > query ( 'SELECT * FROM table ' ) ;
External links
Example of PHP implementation with diagrams
Example of Retry Pattern with Polly using C #
Example of C # implementation from Anders Lybeckers using Polly
Polly NuGet package
Example of C # implementation from Alexandr Nikitin
Implementation in Python
Implementation in PHP
Stability patterns applied in a RESTful architecture
https : //martinfowler.com/bliki/CircuitBreaker.html
Circuit Break Pattern States
Software design patterns
Articles with example PHP code
Contactless smartcards are being progressively introduced as an alternative option to paper ticketing on the National Rail system of Great Britain . Tickets for use on National Rail services can be loaded onto any ITSO card .
The ITSO standard has been developed to cover all types of public transport . It has been included as a requirement by the Department for Transport for all new rail franchises in the last few years . It is also the format that ENCTS concessionary passes and rail staff passes are issued in .
Two train operating companies have launched pay-as-you-go systems where fares are automatically deducted by touching-in-and-out at the start and end of the journey . Branded as keyGo on Govia Thameslink Railway ( GTR ) and Tap2Go on South Western Railway ( SWR ) , they require use of GTR 's The Key and SWR 's Touch smartcard respectively .
The first large scale adoption of smartcards for transport in Great Britain was by Transport for London ( TfL ) with the Oyster card . It was initially only available on TfL services , but it has been progressively rolled out to National Rail services in and around Greater London . ITSO cards can also now be used on Oyster card readers .
, support for smartcards is as follows :
See also
Oyster card ( pay as you go ) on National Rail
Smartcards on buses and trams in Great Britain
Notes
External links
Smart Tickets on National Rail – National Rail
Smart Ticketing Operators and Retailers – National Rail
National Rail Smartcard Manager – Apple App Store
National Rail Smartcard Manager – Google Play
Fare collection systems in the United Kingdom
National Rail
Sverre Fehn ( 14 August 1924 – 23 February 2009 ) was a Norwegian architect .
Life
Fehn was born at Kongsberg in Buskerud , Norway . They were the son of John Tryggve Fehn ( 1894–1981 ) and Sigrid Johnsen ( 1895–1985 ) .
They received their architectural education at the Oslo School of Architecture and Design in Oslo . They entered their course of study in 1946 and graduated during 1949 . Among other instructors , they studied under Arne Korsmo ( 1900–1968 ) .
In 1949 , Fehn and architect Geir Grung ( 1926–1989 ) won the competition for the Museum Building for the Sandvig Collections at Maihaugen in Lillehammer .
In 1950 , Fehn joined PAGON ( Progressive Architects Group Oslo , Norway ) . The group , which was led by Arne Korsmo , had the goal of implementing and promoting modern architecture .
In 1952–1953 , during travels in Morocco , they discovered vernacular architecture , which was to deeply influence their future work . Later they moved to Paris , where they worked for two years in the studio of Jean Prouvé , and where they knew Le Corbusier . On their return to Norway in 1954 , they opened a studio of their own in Oslo .
At the age of 34 , Fehn gained international recognition for their design of the Norwegian Pavilion at the 1958 Brussels World Exhibition . In the 1960s they produced two works that have remained highlights in their career : the Nordic Pavilion at the Venice Biennale ( 1962 ) and the Hedmark Museum in Hamar ( 1967–79 ) . Other notable works include the Norwegian Glacier Museum at Fjærland ( 1991-2002 ) and the National Museum of Art , Architecture and Design in Oslo ( 2003–08 ) .
They were a professor at Oslo 's School of Architecture from 1971 to 1995 and principal from 1986–1989 .
They additionally lectured throughout Europe including at Paris , Stuttgart and Barcelona . They also lectured in the United States at the Cranbrook Academy of Art in Bloomfield Hills , Michigan , Cooper Union in New York City and Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Boston .
Projects
Fehn designed over 100 buildings ; Some of the most notable are :
1958 – Norwegian Pavilion at the Brussels World 's Fair , Belgium
1962 – Nordic Pavilion at the Venice Biennale , Italy
1963 – Villa Schreiner , Oslo
1963-64 – Villa Norrköping , Sweden
1967 – Casa Bødtker House , Oslo
1967-79 – Hedmark Museum in Hamar , Norway
1990 – Villa Busk , Bamble
1991-2002 – Norwegian Glacier Museum , Fjærland
1993-96 – Aukrust Centre in Alvdal
2000 – Ivar Aasen-tunet in Ørsta
2007 – Gyldendal House , Oslo
2003-08 – National Museum of Art , Architecture and Design , Oslo
Awards
In 1961 , they were awarded the Houen Foundation Award , jointly with Geir Grung , for the design of the Økern Nursing Home in Oslo . They received the Houen Foundation Award for their design of the Hedmark Museum at Hamar in 1975 . In 1994 they were appointed Commander in the Order of St. Olav .
In 1998 , they were awarded the Norsk kulturråds ærespris .
Sverre Fehn was awarded the first Grosch medal in 2001 .
In 2003 , they were awarded the Anders Jahre Cultural Prize ( Anders Jahres kulturpris ) .
Their highest international honour came in 1997 , when they were awarded both the Pritzker Architecture Prize and the Heinrich Tessenow Gold Medal ( Heinrich-Tessenow-Medaille ) .
Personal life
In 1952 , they married Ingrid Løvberg Pettersen ( 1929–2005 ) .
Fehn died in their Oslo home at the age of 84 . They were survived by their son Guy Fehn and four grandchildren .
References
Other sources
Olaf Fjeld ( 2009 ) Sverre Fehn : The Pattern of Thoughts ( The Monacelli Press )
Gennaro Postiglione ; Christian Norberg-Schulz ( 1997 ) Sverre Fehn ( The Monacelli Press )
Per-Olaf Fjeld ( 1983 ) Sverre Fehn on the Thought of Construction ( Rizzoli International )
Related reading
The Secret of the Shadow : Light and Shadow in Architecture , 2002 with writings by Sverre Fehn
Sverre Fehn , The poetry of the straight line = : Den rette linjes poesi , 1992
Yukio Futagawa , Sverre Fehn . Glacier Museum . The Aukrust Centre , in `` GA Document 56 '' , 1998
Sverre Fehn . Studio Holme , in `` GA Houses 58 '' , 1998
External links
Sverre Fehn Arkitekt . Online catalog of works and architecture map guide
Presentation of Sverre Fehn 's built projects
Profile on the Pritzker Prize media site
1924 births
2009 deaths
People from Kongsberg
Oslo School of Architecture and Design alumni
Oslo School of Architecture and Design faculty
Norwegian architects
Cranbrook Academy of Art faculty
Pritzker Architecture Prize winners
Recipients of the Prince Eugen Medal
Recipients of the St. Olav 's Medal
St. George 's Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Newburgh , New York . The cemetery is located in the city 's East End Historic District and serves the Episcopal parish of St. George 's on Grand Street .
History
By the 19th century , Old Town Cemetery , the city 's oldest burying ground , exceeded its occupancies . As the city continued to grow , room for expansion proved to be unattainable . In 1838 , the Rev . John Brown of St. George 's Episcopal Church purchased land on the southeastern part of the city , consisting partly of farmland .
Rev . Brown favored the natural descent of the land , and from its sloping fields , the Highlands could be appreciated . They are thought to have collaborated with Andrew Jackson Downing on the cemetery , especially with designs of pedestrian and carriage pathways . Brown strategically placed trees to provide shade and make pathways navigable . The ultimate vision for the cemetery emulated a paradise on earth , separated from urban life .
City historian A. Elwood Corning speculated that the Hasbroucks used the front of their property as a personal burying ground . When work began to extend Colden Street , graves were reinterred at St. George 's , a short walking distance away . It is thought that the remains of Colonel Jonathan Hasbrouck ( 1722 — 1780 ) and possibly their wife , Tryntje , were placed beneath a sycamore tree on the south side of the cemetery . Workers found much older remains , and due to their age placed them in Old Town Cemetery .
On the day before Decoration Day festivities in 1899 , the remains of Robert Blair , an Irish immigrant and personal bodyguard of George Washington , were found . Blair had been buried in 1841 , near the supposed reburial site of Colonel Hasbrouck . Although a skeleton thought to be Hasbrouck 's received attention , findings were never conclusive .
Over the years , maintenance of the city 's cemeteries began to decrease . As the city began to struggle in the late 1960s , St. George 's became a dumping ground for the surrounding neighborhood . Frequent vandalism occurred , and as many as 1,200 headstones were toppled in 1975 . Some became targets for graffiti , and at night , the cemetery unwillingly hosted criminal activity .
In an effort to restore the cemetery 's beauty , St. George 's Church actively fundraises for its preservation . The Historical Society of Newburgh Bay & The Highlands also holds walking tours explaining the historic significance of graves .
Notable Graves
Henry Haywood Bell ( 1808 — 1868 ) , U. S. Navy Rear Admiral .
Samuel Watkins Eager ( 1789 — 1860 ) , U. S. Representative for New York .
William Fullerton ( 1817 — 1900 ) , attorney in several sensational trials that made them a minor celebrity .
William Cornelius Hasbrouck ( 1800 — 1870 ) , New York State Assemblyman and prominent attorney .
Dennis William Hickey ( 1844 — 1908 ) , Civil War veteran and Medal of Honor recipient .
William James Roe II ( 1843 — 1921 ) , writer of several satirical and science fiction novels , philosopher and artist .
William Tuthill ( 1855 — 1929 ) , architect of Carnegie Hall .
Lee Woodward Zeigler ( 1868 — 1952 ) , Baltimore-born illustrator and muralist .
Sources
Buildings and structures in Newburgh , New York
Cemeteries in Orange County , New York
The Intended is 2002 English-language period drama film directed by Kristian Levring and starring Janet McTeer ( who also co-wrote the screenplay ) , JJ Feild , Olympia Dukakis , Tony Maudsley and Brenda Fricker . It centres on a surveyor and their fiancée who arrive in a remote Malaysian trading post and encounter a close-fisted ivory trader and their ill-meaning family .
Cast
Janet McTeer as Sarah Morris
JJ Feild as Hamish Winslow
Olympia Dukakis as Erina
Brenda Fricker as Mrs. Jones
Tony Maudsley as William Jones
David Bradley as The Priest
Philip Jackson as Norton
John Matthew Lau as Judas
Robert Pugh as Le Blanc
Reception
The Intended currently holds a 33 % rating on the Rotten Tomatoes website .
References
External links
http : //www.imdb.com/title/tt0331525/
2002 films
British drama films
2002 drama films
2000s British films
David Guas ( born June 5 , 1975 ) is a chef , TV personality , restaurateur and cookbook author from New Orleans , Louisiana .
Biography
David Guas grew up in New Orleans . They exchanged their ten-year tenure as a corporate pastry chef for an entrepreneurial path in 2007 and worked in private consulting , boutique catering , cookbook authoring , and opened their New Orleans style eatery in November 2010 : Bayou Bakery Coffee Bar & Eatery . Their first cookbook , DamGoodSweet - Desserts to Satisfy Your Sweet Tooth New Orleans Style ( Taunton Press , 2009 ) was named one of Food & Wine 's “ Best New Dessert Cookbooks ” . ; was a finalist for both the James Beard Award in the Baking and Dessert Cookbook category . and the International Association of Culinary Professionals Cookbook Award in the American Category ; .
Restaurants
They are the owner of Bayou Bakery , Coffee Bar & Eatery in Arlington , Virginia . which opened in 2010 . Guas has garnered national praise in publications like Food & Wine , Southern Living , Garden & Gun , Saveur , and Bon Appétit for showcasing the soul of the South in their sinfully delicious , Louisiana-style favorites and signature desserts . In 2019 , the restaurant was recognized with the Arlington Best Business Award for Retail Small Business of the Year . And in 2019 , the Wild American Shrimp Processors Association named David Guas Chef of the Year .
In 2014 , Guas opened a second location of Bayou bakery , Coffee Bar & Eatery located in Capitol Hill , occupying the historic carriage house that housed the horse-drawn ambulance and medic team commissioned by President Abraham Lincoln the year before their death . The renovations received the 2015 Award of Excellence in Historic Resources from the American Institute of Architects in Washington , DC . Chef David Guas let go of the lease two years after its opening .
In 2017 , Guas opened Lil ' B inside The Darcy Hotel in Washington , DC . The Darcy Hotel sold in December 2018 , and the contract ended early 2019 .
Television and Press
In April 2014 , Travel Channel announced David Guas as the host of the new series American Grilled , which premiered July 2 , 2014 .
Guas has made constant appearances on The Today Show close to 25 times . They have also appeared on CBS This Morning , Saturday : The Dish and CBS , The Talk and The hosts of The Talk named Guas as one of the hottest guest chefs in that year . Their restaurant was showcased on the Cooking Channel 's Unique Sweets . has appeared as a contestant and later as a judge on Food Network 's Chopped and has appeared multiple times as a judge on Food Network 's Chopped Jr. ``
Guas was a two-time finalist for Food & Wine Magazine 's People 's Best New Chef in the Country .
Food & Wine also named Bayou Bakery 's Muff-a-Lotta one of the “ Best Sandwiches in the U.S. '' , and later showcased the chef and their father in an eight-page feature detailing their travels to Cuba . Guas was named the Restaurant Association of Metropolitan Washington 's Pastry Chef of the Year and Arlington Magazine featured Guas on the cover as “ Best Chef of Arlington ” in January 2014 .
Community service
Guas served on the board of Best Buddies of Virginia and the Southern Food and Beverage Museum in New Orleans ; was chosen by the U.S. State Department to participate in its Diplomatic Culinary Partnership Initiative from 2012 - 2016 ; is a member of the Southern Foodways Alliance ; Slow Food USA ; Share Our Strength ; a participating chef with Chefs for Equality ; co-founder of the non-profit Chefs Feeding Families ; served as a spokesperson for The National Honey Board for 8 years ; served on the advisory council of the Atlanta Food & Wine Festival for 5 years ; and is a founding member of District Hogs - group of local restaurant professionals who ride their motorcycles for fun , research , and charity .
Guas launched the FIRST rapid relief response in the DMV , on March 17 , 2020 , to feed local students and families nutritious , plant-based meals . As a New Orleans native - following the loss of their family 's home and the devastation of their community in the aftermath of Katrina - Guas knew how to create a makeshift kitchen outside , so they went rogue and started cooking . The relief effort has since grown into a far-reaching , highly-coordinated initiative - Chefs Feeding Families - formed in collaboration with the non-profit organization , Real Food for Kids , which not only supports feeding students , but also supports employment in the restaurant community . It was n't long before Guas began enlisting county officials , local community groups , and PTAs to help grow the program - bringing on culinary partners and opening distribution sites across the region . It has served over 203 thousand meals since launching in March 2020 . The success of Chefs Feeding Families garnered national recognition from Squawk Box on CNBC and the Aspen Institute , to name a few .
Guas once again applied the same community-driven spirit to get involved , independently and immediately with The Community Spoon , which provided fully prepared meals and groceries to Afghan refugees who have recently arrived in Northern Virginia . Guas and their dedicated team provided vegetarian meals to the Lutheran Social Services of the National Capital Area , which were dispersed to the refugee families in need . Coming with nothing but themselves , a freshly home-cooked meal is the most welcoming gesture to offer those who have suffered such a traumatic loss so that they may know that they are safe in their new found home , here , in the United States . For Guas , welcoming the Afghan refugees with home-cooked meals - made with respect to the traditional Afghan cuisine - was a way to address nutrition challenges among vulnerable refugees who have been abruptly moved from their homes .
Their efforts to combat food insecurity was recognized in 2020 by the Aspen Institute and Arlington County which named them a “ Community Weaver , ” and in 2021 they received the Good Neighbor Award from the Restaurant Association of Metropolitan Washington , DC . In 2021 , Guas was selected as a member of the Food Security Task Force , in partnership with Arlington County Department of Human Services , developing an integrated food security system . And in 2022 , Guas was honored with the Arlington County COVID Hero Award , which recognizes community members who have gone above and beyond to make sure their neighbors have been safe and supported throughout the pandemic .
Personal life
Guas resides in Northern Virginia with their wife , Simone Rathle , Public Relations professional Simone Rathlé . and has two sons , Spencer and Kemp . They are a hunter , fisherman , and motorcyclist . They ride a Harley-Davidson .
Bibliography
Guas , David ; Raquel Pelzel ( 2009 ) . DamGood Sweet : Desserts to Satisfy Your Sweet Tooth , New Orleans Style . Newtown , Connecticut : Taunton Press . pp . 60–64 . .
Guas , David ( 2015 ) . `` Grill Nation : 200 Surefire Recipes , Tips , and Techniques to Grill Like a Pro . '' Birmingham , Alabama : Oxmoor House .
References
Living people
Writers from New Orleans
American television chefs
American male chefs
American cookbook writers
American male non-fiction writers
1975 births
Participants in American reality television series
American people of Cuban descent
Merrill Mountain ( in French : Montagne Merrill ) is a mountain on the border between the Canadian province of Quebec , in the region of Estrie , and the U.S. state of Maine , which is part of the Appalachian Mountains ; its altitude is .
Geography
The mountain , located in the municipality of Frontenac , on the zec Louise-Gosford east of lac aux Araignées , is crossed by the Canada–United States border .
Toponymy
The toponym `` Montagne Merrill '' was formalized on November 7 , 1985 , by the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
See also
List of mountain ranges of Quebec
References
Le Granit Regional County Municipality
Canada–United States border
Mountains of Quebec under 1000 metres
Mountains of Franklin County , Maine
Tina Bachmann ( born 15 July 1986 in Schmiedeberg ) is a retired German professional biathlete .
Career
At the World Championships 2011 in Khanty-Mansiysk Bachmann won silver in 15 km Individual and gold with the women 's team in the 4 × 6 km Relay race .
At the Ruhpolding world championships in 2012 Bachmann became a double relay champion . Just as in 2011 they teamed up with Magdalena Neuner , Andrea Henkel and Miriam Gössner . Bachmann turned in a near perfect performance needing just 1 spare round to clean the targets and putting in one of their strongest performances in a relay . Bachmann 's strong individual performance in the relay was a perfect way to make up for poor shooting in the relays in Hochfilzen and Antholz where they had one penalty loop which meant Germany finished off the podium .
Bachmann finished the 2011/2012 world cup season 14th overall with 546 pts .
References
External links
Official website
1986 births
Living people
German female biathletes
Biathlon World Championships medalists
Agha Hilaly ( 20 May 1911 – 6 February 2001 ) ( ) was one of Pakistan 's senior most diplomats who held several high offices in the Government of Pakistan , including Pakistan 's Ambassador to the United States from 21 October 1966 to 20 October 1971 .
Career and family background
Hilaly was born in 1911 in Bangalore . They joined the Indian Civil Service in 1936 at the age of 25 , and opted for Pakistan during the independence of Pakistan in 1947 and settled in Pakistan along with their family in 1947 . As the Government of Pakistan was in the process of establishing its foreign service cadre , all officers of the Civil Service of Pakistan that succeeded the Indian Civil Service were encouraged to join the new cadre . Hilaly was one of the first to do so and played an important role in shaping the strategic dimensions of Pakistan 's foreign policy .
They were Pakistani Ambassador to the Scandinavian countries with residence in Stockholm from 1956 to 1959 . In 1959 they were appointed Ambassador to Moscow and concurrently to Prague , until 1961 , when they were assigned to India .
While representing Pakistan at the United Nations and serving as Ambassador to the United States . In the latter position , they facilitated the secret visit of US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger to China , a fact acknowledged by President Richard Nixon . Their younger brother Agha Shahi also an ICS officer followed in their footsteps and rose to be Foreign Minister of Pakistan . One of their uncles Sir Mirza Ismail served as Diwan Prime Minister of the princely state of Mysore , Jaipur and Hyderabad , India from 1926 to 1947 . Their nephew Akbar Mirza Khaleeli was a prominent Indian Diplomat and served as Indian Ambassador to Iran , Italy and Australia and was Advisor to the Indian Government on Middle Eastern Affairs . Their son Zafar Hilaly is also a former ambassador of Pakistan .
Death
Agha Hilaly died in Karachi on 6 February 2001 , at the age of 89 .
References
1911 births
2001 deaths
Politicians from Bangalore
Muhajir people
Pakistani Shia Muslims
Ambassadors of Pakistan to the United States
Ambassadors of Pakistan to the Soviet Union
Indian Civil Service ( British India ) officers
People from Karachi
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Sweden
High Commissioners of Pakistan to India
High Commissioners of Pakistan to the United Kingdom
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Czechoslovakia
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Russia
Tyabji family
Carenum opacicolle is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1897 .
References
opacicolle
Beetles described in 1897
Bouldering competitions at the 2019 World Beach Games in Doha , Qatar was held from 13 to 14 October 2019 . Nineteen athletes competed in each of the men 's and women 's events .
Qualification
A total of 40 athletes ( 20 for each gender ) vied for the coveted spots with a maximum of two sent to compete for the international quota qualifiers , while the other NOCs might have one athlete per event . Host nation Qatar will be ensured one quota place each gender . The remaining 5 quotas will be eligible for each continental champions .
Qualification summary
Men 's qualification
Women 's qualification
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
Participating nations
References
External links
Results Book
Sport climbing competitions
Bouldering
2018
World Beach Games
Kevin Foote may refer to :
Kevin Foote ( rugby union ) ( born 1979 ) , South African professional rugby union player and coach
Kevin Kelly ( announcer ) ( born Kevin Foote , 1967 ) , American wrestling announcer and manager
Edgar Clive Britt OAM ( 30 October 1913 – 28 January 2017 ) was an Australian jockey , who won every British Classic Race except the Derby .
Early life
Career
One of the first of many Australian jockeys who came to ride in Britain after World War II , they rode their first winner at Canterbury , in Sydney in 1930 , before riding for the Maharajah of Baroda in India for a decade from 1935 . Britt moved to Britain to ride for the Maharajah , when their horses were trained by Sam Armstrong , winning the Cesarewitch Handicap on Kerry Piper and the substitute Manchester November Handicap on Oatflake in their first season in England . They rode Princess Beautiful to win India 's first Derby held in 1943 . The Maharajah 's Sayajirao provided their first classic winner in 1947 in the Irish Derby and St. Leger . In 1948 Britt lost the retainer with the owner , but found a job with Marcus Marsh and when Harry Carr broke a leg , Britt came in for a number of rides for Cecil Boyd-Rochfort 's yard , winning the St. Leger on Black Tarquin . They rode Musidora to win the 1949 1,000 Guineas and Epsom Oaks , Frieze ( horse ) in the 1952 Oaks , Nearula in the 1953 2,000 Guineas and Honeylight in the 1956 1,000 Guineas , all for Charles Elsey 's stable . Britt retired in 1959 and returned to Australia .
Honours
On 10 June 2004 , aged 90 , Britt was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia for service to horse racing as a jockey , commentator and journalist . and was inducted into the Australian Racing Hall of Fame in the same year .
Death
Britt died on 28 January 2017 , aged 103 .
Major wins
Great Britain
1000 Guineas Stakes - ( 2 ) - Musidora ( 1949 ) , Honeylight ( 1956 )
2000 Guineas Stakes - Nearula ( 1953 )
Champion Stakes - Nearula ( 1953 )
Goodwood Cup - Tenterhooks ( 1957 )
Middle Park Stakes - Nearula ( 1952 )
Oaks Stakes - ( 2 ) - Musidora ( 1949 ) , Frieze ( 1952 )
St. James 's Palace Stakes - ( 2 ) - Black Tarquin ( 1948 ) , Nearula ( 1953 )
St Leger Stakes - ( 2 ) - Sayajirao ( 1947 ) , Black Tarquin ( 1948 )
Ireland
Irish Derby - Sayajirao ( 1947 )
References
1913 births
2017 deaths
Australian centenarians
Australian Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Australian jockeys
Men centenarians
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Hollesley Bay may refer to :
Hollesley Bay ( HM Prison ) , near Woodbridge , Suffolk
HMS Hollesley Bay ( K614 ) a Bay-class anti-aircraft frigate of the British Royal Navy
Hollesley Bay , Suffolk , part of the coast of Suffolk near the village of Hollesley
KKNL ( 89.3 MHz ) is a radio station licensed to Valentine , Nebraska , and is owned by Community Public Media .
History
KKNL began broadcasting in 2010 . It was originally owned by American Family Association , and was an affiliate of American Family Radio 's AFR Talk network . KKNL replaced an American Family Radio translator , K207CG , that had broadcast on the same frequency and was first licensed in 1998 . The station was taken silent on November 13 , 2017 . Effective May 21 , 2019 , the station was sold to Community Public Media for $ 2,500 .
References
External links
KNL
Radio stations established in 2010
2010 establishments in Nebraska
KNL
This is a list of the Denmark national football team results from 1908 to 1929 .
The Denmark national team was officially created in 1908 , however , the first appearance of a Danish national team was at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens , where a Denmark XI beat a Greece XI , either 9–0 or 15–0 , at the Neo Phaliron Velodrome in a demonstration game . Denmark also participated in the 1906 Intercalated Games also in Athens , with a team compiled of players from the Copenhagen Football Association ( KBU ) , and they won the event after again beating Greece with a heavy score ( 9–0 ) , and thereby winning an unofficial gold medal .
Between their first official match in 1908 and 1929 , Denmark played 73 games . Throughout this period they played in three Olympic football tournaments in 1908 , 1912 and 1920 , reaching the final on the former two , which they lost to Great Britain on both occasions . In the 1908 semi-finals they beat France 17-1 with 10 goals from Sophus Nielsen .
They also played the inaugural edition of the Nordic Football Championship in 1924-28 , winning the tournament .
1890s
1896 Olympics Games
1900s
1906 Intercalated Games
1908 Olympics Games
1910s
1910
Denmark became the first team in 4 years to beat England Amateurs 's , which did n't go well for the English , so a second match was scheduled for 7 May , however , King Edward VII died on 6 May and the officials asked for a postponement for 9 May , but after heavy rain over Copenhagen , the English referee , Jackie Pearson , called the match off , thus killing the chances for revenge .
1911
1912
1913
1914
1915
1916
1917
1918
1919
1920s
1920
1921
1922
1923
1924
1925
1926
1927
1928
1929
References
External links
DENMARK - Overview of Official Internationals
1900s in Denmark
1910s in Denmark
1920 in Denmark
Augustus Witschief Bennet ( October 7 , 1897 – June 5 , 1983 ) was an American politician and a United States representative from New York .
Biography
Born in New York City , New York County , New York Bennet was a son of U.S. Representative William Stiles Bennet and Gertrude ( Witschief ) Bennet . They attended the public schools in New York City and Washington , D.C. , and graduated from Amherst College in 1918 .
During the First World War , Bennet served in the United States Naval Reserve Flying Corps with the rating of chief quartermaster from June 8 , 1918 , to January 19 , 1919 . They graduated from the Columbia University Law School at New York City in 1921 , was admitted to the bar the same year .
Career
Bennet commenced practice in Newburgh . They were United States referee in bankruptcy from 1923 to 1944 , and was married to Maxine Layne on October 19 , 1929 .
Elected as a Republican to the Seventy-ninth Congress , Bennet was U. S. Representative for the twenty-ninth district of New York and held that office from January 3 , 1945 , to January 3 , 1947 . They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1946 .
Death
Resuming the practice of law , Bennet resided in Laguna Hills , California , until they died in Concord , Massachusetts , on June 5 , 1983 ( age 85 years , 241 days ) . They were cremated , and their ashes are interred at Cedar Hills Mausoleum , Newburgh , New York .
References
External links
1897 births
1983 deaths
Columbia Law School alumni
Politicians from Orange County , New York
Amherst College alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
20th-century American politicians
California Republicans
Vinos de Madrid is a Spanish Denominación de Origen Protegida ( DOP ) , located in the southern part of the region of Madrid ( Spain ) . It covers 54 municipalities and is divided into the three sub-zones ( Arganda , Navalcarnero , and San Martín ) , each of which produce different types of wine .
History
The ancient Romans likely introduced vines in the area as they did throughout the rest of the Iberian peninsula . However , the first documented evidence of wine production in the area dates from the 13th century . Legal documents indicate a dispute between some monks and a local feudal lord over the ownership of a vineyard .
Vinos de Madrid acquired its DO status in 1990 .
Geography and Soils
The three sub-zones are all at an elevation of between 500 and 800 m above sea level . Arganda is the largest sub-zone , containing about 50 % of the vines and comprising 26 municipalities . The soil here contains mainly clay and lime over a granite subsoil . To the southwest , close to the Sierra de Gredos range , is the San Martín sub-zone , which contains 35 % of the DOP 's vines . Further to the southwest is the Navalcarnero sub-zone with 15 % of the vines . Rich dark soils are more abundant in San Martín , while in Navalcarnero the soils lack carbonates , are low in nutrients , and lie over a clay subsoil .
Climate
The three sub-zones of Vinos de Madrid DOP all have long , hot summers and cold winters , typical of a continental climate . Temperatures widely varies over the course of the year , from as high as 40°C in summer and as low as -2°C in winter . Rainfall varies depending on the sub-zone , but in general it is sparse and falls mainly in spring and autumn . San Martin gets the most rainfall ( 650 mm/year ) due to the influence of the mountains , while Navalcarnero gets just over 500 mm/year , and Arganda just 450 mm/year . The risk of hailstones exists every year till around April .
Authorised Grape Varieties
The authorised grape varieties are :
Red : Garnacha Tinta Tinto Fino / Tempranillo are recommended , and also authorised are Cabernet Sauvignon , Graciano , Merlot , Negral / Garnacha Tintorera , Petit Verdot , and Syrah
White : Albillo Real Malvar are recommended , and also authorised are Airén , Macabeo / Viura , Moscatel de Grano Menudo , Parellada , Torrontés / Alarije , and Sauvignon Blanc
References
External links
D.O.P . Vino de Madrid official website
Wine regions of Spain
Community of Madrid
The Sphingosinicellaceae are a family of the Sphingomonadales .
References
Sphingomonadales
Bacteria families
Alphaproteobacteria
Christine Garban-Labaune is a French plasma physicist known for their research in inertial confinement fusion .
Education and career
After earning a doctorate from the École Polytechnique in 1982 , Labaune became the head of the Interaction Laser-Plasma research team in the laboratory for the use of intense lasers at the École Polytechnique in 1984 . They are a director of research in the French National Centre for Scientific Research .
Recognition
In 2001 , Labaune was named a Fellow of the American Physical Society ( APS ) , after a nomination from the APS Division of Plasma Physics , `` for the most comprehensive study of parametric instabilities in laser produced plasmas , using novel and advanced applications of Thomson Scattering '' . They were named a chevalier of the Legion of Honour in 2010 .
They won the of the French Academy of Sciences in 2009 , and the Edward Teller Award of the American Nuclear Society in 2011 , `` for seminal experimental contributions to laser fusion research , notably for their work to control and understand laser coupling and parametric instabilities '' .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
French women physicists
French plasma physicists
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
École Polytechnique alumni
Sarsabz is the name of a region in a Narmak of Tehran , Iran , near HaftHoz .
External links
HaftHoz.com , providing images of Sarsabz
Neighbourhoods in Tehran
GyazMail is an email client for macOS , developed and maintained by Japanese programmer Goichi Hirakawa . It supports the POP3 , IMAP and SMTP protocols . Its handling of multiple email accounts includes local mailboxes .
Gyazmail is based on the native macOS Cocoa and written in Objective-C. For its search function , GyazMail uses the Oniguruma regular expression library , which supports a variety of character encodings , which is especially relevant for Asian languages .
Version 1.0.1 was released in 2003 .
Features
Supports IMAP , POP3 and local storage folders
An option exists for setting maximum line width when sending mails . This is helpful where autowrap is not supported , such as for newsgroups , which require a maximum line with of 72 characters , with a hard wrap .
Message threading is supported
Multiple accounts
Sorting rules for incoming and outgoing mail can be defined
References
External links
Official website
MacOS email clients
Unix Internet software
Castolin Eutectic was established in 1906 by Jean-Pierre Wasserman in Lausanne , Switzerland .
They discovered a new method of low-temperature brazing of cast iron , which was a revolutionary process for the repair and wear-protection of metals . During the last decades fluxes , brazing alloys as well as coating and welding equipment and consumables have been developed and the company is present with its own subsidiaries in over 100 countries on all five continents .
PARAGON PARTNERS
Castolin Eutectic reinforced its position in 2020 with a new shareholder .
Products
The 4 principal product areas are :
Welding consumables and equipment
Brazing consumables , fluxes and equipment
Coating consumables and equipment
Wear plates and engineered parts
History
1906 Foundation of Castolin in Lausanne , Switzerland
1940 Foundation of Eutectic Welding Alloys Corporation in New York City
1959 Foundation of Eutectic Japan Ltd
1962 Foundation of Eutectic India Ltd - a joint venture with the company Larsen & Toubro , with products marketed under the name of L & T EWAC Alloys
1960 's Start of first CastoLab workshops
1970 's Development of Cored wire and production
1980 's Development of world 's first gas atomised powder production
1991 CDP® Wearplate development and production
1996 Creation of Global Industry Program
2005 Part of the Messer World .
2006 100 years anniversary
2007 Opening of the World 's most advanced powder production facility and introduction of first NanoAlloy® welding consumable
2008 Castolin Services growth and acquisitions in the United Kingdom , Russia , United States , Canada , China , Austria , Norway , Hungary , Belgium .
2013 Acquisition of Monitor Coatings , technology leader for surface engineering in extreme environments with facilities in the UK , Singapore and China .
2014 Acquisition of Whertec , a privately owned company with headquarters in Jacksonville , Florida , USA . Over the past years Whertec has secured a leading position in the boiler coatings market covering the power , recycling , biomass , steel and pulp & paper industries .
2015 Geographical expansion by Joint Venture agreements in Nigeria and Saudi Arabia
2017 Acquisition of FMP Coatings . FMP specializes in inorganic-hybrid coatings .
2020 Paragon Partners acquired all shares in Castolin Eutectic .
References
External links
castolin.com
Environmental Expert.com
Paragon.de
Technology companies established in 1906
Manufacturing companies of Switzerland
Manufacturing companies established in 1906
1906 establishments in Switzerland
Springdale Public Schools ( formally Springdale School District # 50 ) is the public school district for students of primary and secondary education in Springdale , Arkansas and surrounding areas . The district contains three high schools , four junior highs , four middle schools , eighteen elementary schools , and a school of innovation . Established in 1884 , the district and its schools are accredited by AdvancED . It is the state 's largest school district , with more than 23,000 students .
The district is headquartered in the Old Springdale High School .
History
Formation and early history
Beginning with log cabin schools in the area established by early settlers , an educational partnership among schools coalesced into Springdale School District # 50 on January 7 , 1884 . When high school curriculum became required in 1947 , Springdale adopted many small surrounding districts that did not offer high school , such as Accident School in Accident . The last such school consolidated into Springdale was Tontitown Elementary , which was closed after the 1986-87 school year .
Expansion , new high schools
On the heels of rapid growth in Northwest Arkansas and Springdale in the late 1990s and early 2000s , Springdale had reached capacity in many of its existing schools . Land for a second high school was purchased in 2002 on the west side of Springdale . This property was developed into Har-Ber High School and Hellstern Middle School , both opened in 2005 .
Population growth continued and Springdale used 24 portable buildings to house an overflow of about 600 students for the 2005-06 school year as building continued . A `` super complex '' of four schools on nearby properties was proposed in the rapidly-growing southeast part of Springdale in 2006 . In 2006 , Har-Ber HS was projected to be at capacity by 2009 .
Service area
In Washington County it includes all portions of Springdale and Elm Springs in Washington County , Tontitown , and portions of Fayetteville , Goshen , and Johnson . In Benton County it includes most of that county 's portions of Springdale ( including the former municipality of Bethel Heights ) as well as all of that county 's portion of Elm Springs .
Demographics
Circa 2014 , the school system had about 2,000 Marshallese students . Circa 2009 this figure was 300 total .
Schools
Secondary education
Springdale School District provides education programs for students in grades six through twelve in eleven facilities :
High Schools
Springdale High School—serving students in grades 10–12 .
Har-Ber High School—serving students in grades 10–12 .
Archer Learning Center—serving students in grades 8–12 .
Don Tyson School of Innovation—serving students in grades 6–12 .
Junior High Schools—serving students in grades 8-9 .
Central Junior High School
George Junior High School
Lakeside Junior High School
Southwest Junior High School
Middle Schools-–serving students in grades 6-7 .
J.O . Kelly Middle School
Helen Tyson Middle School
Hellstern Middle School
Sonora Middle School
Elementary and early childhood education
Seventeen educational facilities comprise the district 's elementary and early childhood programs :
Elementary Schools—serving students in grades K-5 ( some with Pre-Kindergarten ) .
Bayyari Elementary School
Elmdale Elementary School
George Elementary School
Harp Elementary School
Hunt Elementary School
Jones Elementary School
Knapp Elementary School
Lee Elementary School - National Blue Ribbon School in 1996-97 .
Monitor Elementary School
Parson Hills Elementary School - National Blue Ribbon School in 1993-94 .
In 2012 , 30 % of the student body consisted of Marshallese people , as Springdale had the largest Marshallese community in the continental U.S . The school enacted a cultural education program and donated alarm clocks to Marshallese families to combat truancy issues among Marshallese .
Jim Rollins Elementary School ( Tontitown )
Jim Rollins Elementary School a.k.a . Jim D. Rollins School of Innovation , uses an open classroom instructional model from New Zealand . Planning for the school began circa 2018 ; In October 2020 the district began building the school , which opened in fall 2021 , though with some construction left unfinished . The dedication occurred in 2022 . The school was named after a person who served as the superintendent of the Springdale district .
Shaw Elementary School
Smith Elementary School - National Blue Ribbon School in 1987-88 .
Sonora Elementary School
Turnbow Elementary School
Tyson Elementary School
Walker Elementary School - National Blue Ribbon School in 1996-97 .
Westwood Elementary School - National Blue Ribbon School in 1989-90 .
Young Elementary School
In 2012 , the Gold Award of Distinction in the HealthierUS School Challenge that recognizes excellence in nutrition and physical activity by the Food and Nutrition Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture was awarded to :
George Elementary School
Hunt Elementary School
T.G . Smith Elementary School
Westwood Elementary School
References
External links
School districts in Arkansas
Education in Washington County , Arkansas
Education in Benton County , Arkansas
Springdale , Arkansas
Education in Fayetteville , Arkansas
School districts established in 1884
1884 establishments in Arkansas
Siete años de matrimonio also known as 7 años de matrimonio , is a Mexican film written by Natalia Armienta Oikawa and directed by Joel Núñez . Starring by Ximena Herrera and Víctor González . It was premiered on January 25 , 2013 .
Plot
A romantic comedy that has the ups and downs of a couple to hold marriage when honeymoon with their insatiable rabbit is a thing of the past . Most only last seven years ! According to whom ? It is a fetish or actually is the circle of life ? Every seven years all is renewed . The cells of your body change , biologically we are new people ; It changes the lyrics , taste and ... the genetic interest is lost . Alberto deeply loves Ana and believes that relationships are based on respect but Pepe , their best friend , writes that they are based on diamonds and viagra .
Cast
Ximena Herrera as Ana
Víctor González as Alberto
Cristián de la Fuente as Bernardo
Roberto Palazuelos as Pepe
Alex Sirvent as Franco
Yolanda Andrade as Luna
Jacqueline Andere as Adriana
María Sorté as Edna
Alejandra Procuna as Tessie
Jorge Campos as Jorge
Arturo García Tenorio as Sergio
Daniela Savala as Abogada
Daniel Villar as Emmanuel
Katherine Porto as Laura
References
External links
2013 drama films
2013 films
Mexican drama films
2010s Mexican films
Classical Recordings Quarterly ( formerly Classic Record Collector ) was a quarterly British magazine devoted to vintage recordings of classical music , across the range of instrumental recordings , chamber music , orchestral , vocal and opera .
Background
Based in London , the magazine was founded ( as International Classical Record Collector ) in 1995 . The magazine contains articles about artists and their recordings from the start of recording history through to the 1960s . There is also a letters page , reviews of new DVD and CD issues of pre-digital material , new LP and 78rpm repressings and books . The International Opera Collector was another quarterly supplement published at the same time .
Content
Extended articles on the Kingsway Hall and on William Barrington-Coupe 's record labels appeared , as well as features on a wide range of artists such as Louis Cahuzac , Tancredi Pasero , Montserrat Caballé , the Ballets Russes , the Griller Quartet , Albert Spalding and Oskar Fried , as well as many others .
Alan Sanders served as editor for the first two years from 1995–1997 , after which Tully Potter was editor until 2008 ( when they became Contributing editor ) , when Sanders returned to edit the magazine .
Contributors
Classical Recordings Quarterly employed a network of reviewers mainly from the UK and the USA , along with regular columns by Shuichiro Kawai ( Japan ) ‘ Far Eastern Viewpoint ' , Norbert Hornig ( Germany ) ‘ Continental Report ' , and a ‘ Letter from America ' by Mortimer H Frank . Contributors to the magazine , both past and present , include Kenneth Morgan , Duncan Druce , Max Loppert , Benjamin Ivry , John T Hughes , Igor Kipnis , Colin Anderson , Michael Oliver , Rob Cowan , Robert Matthew-Walker , David Patmore , Antony Hodgson and J.B. Steane , among many others .
The magazine was printed in A5 size , with colour photos , and each edition consists of around 100 pages .
Closure
Classical Recordings Quarterly ceased publication in 2015 . A series of reissued rare recordings , Classical Recordings Quarterly editions , still exists .
References
External links
Classical Recordings Quarterly web site
1995 establishments in the United Kingdom
2015 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Classical music magazines
Defunct magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 1995
Magazines disestablished in 2015
Magazines published in London
Music magazines published in the United Kingdom
Quarterly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Communist Party of Asturias ( in Spanish : Partido Comunista de Asturias ) , is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain ( PCE ) in Asturias . The current general secretary is Francisco de Asís Fernández Junquera-Huergo .
In the 2011 Asturian elections the PCA decided to quit IU-IX and form a candidacy of its own , the Left Front , getting only 3 town councillors . After this electoral failure the PCA joined IU-IX again .
References
1978 establishments in Spain
Asturias
Political parties established in 1978
Political parties in Asturias
Anaerobutyricum hallii ( formerly Eubacterium hallii ) is an anaerobic bacterium that lives inside the human digestive system .
References
Anaerobes
Bacteria described in 2018
House of Lies is an American comedy-drama television series created by Matthew Carnahan . The show , which premiered on Showtime on January 8 , 2012 , is based on the book House of Lies : How Management Consultants Steal Your Watch and Then Tell You the Time , written by Martin Kihn , a former consultant at Booz Allen Hamilton . It follows a group of management consultants who stop at nothing to get business deals done . On May 17 , 2016 , Showtime canceled the series after five seasons , with the series finale airing June 12 , 2016 .
Premise
The show focuses on both the personal and business lives of Marty Kaan , a manipulative , immoral , driven and cold management consultant .
Originally , Marty was a highly successful partner at consultancy firm Galweather Stearn , where they headed up a pod consisting of engagement manager Jeannie van der Hooven , and associates Clyde Oberholt and Doug Guggenheim . They later leaves this position to head up their own firm , Kaan & Associates .
In addition to the questionable business practices of Marty and their team , the series also focuses on Marty 's personal life . They deal with their disagreeable management consultant ex-wife Monica , their retired-psychiatrist father Jeremiah and their confidently flamboyant son Roscoe . The main character , Marty , often breaks the fourth wall ; they talk to the viewers in a freeze-frame bit in which they alone moves and the others in the background 'freeze ' but continue where they left off . Alternatively , they talk to the audience while everyone moves but the others seem oblivious to the fact that they are on a monologue .
Cast and characters
Main cast
Don Cheadle as Marty Kaan , the immoral and deceitful proprietor of consultancy firm Kaan & Associates . Before they started their own firm , they led a pod for Galweather-Stearn . Marty is willing to do anything to close the deal and , as such , alienates the vast majority of people they come into contact with , a fact that they care very little about . Due to questionable business practices , Marty spends several months in prison before the start of season 4 , and this adds even more strain to their already-tense relationship with Roscoe and Jeremiah .
Kristen Bell as Jeannie van der Hooven , a partner at Kaan & Associates with whom Marty has a complex relationship . They were part of Marty 's pod before they left Galweather . They later led their own pod in Galweather before ditching them for Kaan & Associates , where they become a partner . Jeannie was inadvertently responsible for the FBI bust on Kaan & Associates . Consequently , Marty blames them for their stint in jail . In season 4 , Jeannie is pregnant with Marty 's child , but they are reluctant to be involved as they have not forgiven them
Ben Schwartz as Clyde Oberholt , a member of Marty 's consultant pod who specialises in marketing and spin . They were part of Marty 's pod before they left Galweather . They briefly became part of Monica 's pod in Kinsley & Associates when they and Marty had a falling-out . They eventually worked their way into Kaan & Associates . They have a jealous , arrogant and often cruel personality , and very rarely shows any real emotions . Clyde struggles with drug addiction throughout the later seasons .
Josh Lawson as Doug Guggenheim , a member of Marty 's consultant pod who specialises in numerical analysis . They were part of Marty 's pod before they left Galweather . After Marty left , they briefly became a part of Jeannie 's pod before they both left for Kaan & Associates . It is also known that they graduated from Harvard , they are seen constantly reminding this fact to everyone . They marry Sarah ( Jenny Slate ) ( Season 2 ) but after they send them a drunken text message , they clean out their bank accounts and leaves ( Season 4 ) .
Dawn Olivieri as Monica Talbot ( starring seasons 1–3 , recurring seasons 4 & 5 ) , an ex-partner at rival firm Kinsley & Associates , and Marty 's ex-wife . They and Marty often taunt and abuse each other when they meet , and often engage in angry sex .
Donis Leonard Jr. as Roscoe Kaan , the flamboyant 15-year-old son of Monica and Marty . They wear eyeliner and experimental clothing and often has an attitude problem towards their father . In season 4 , it is shown that Roscoe has fallen in with the school burn-outs and has begun smoking marijuana .
Glynn Turman as Jeremiah Kaan , Marty 's ex-psychiatrist father and Roscoe 's main caregiver . Jeremiah detests Monica , and is frequently forced to act as a mediator between them and Marty for Roscoe 's sake . They are dating Chantelle , a much younger psychology student . The relationship has been happily accepted by the rest of the family .
Recurring cast
Season 1
John Aylward as K. Warren McDale , CEO/president of Metro-Capital .
Griffin Dunne as Marco `` The Rainmaker '' Pelios , president , CEO , and senior partner at Galweather-Stearn .
Megalyn Echikunwoke as April , Marty 's law student girlfriend .
Mo Gaffney as Principal Gita , principal of the school Roscoe attends .
Greg Germann as Greg Norbert , CFO of Metro-Capital .
Anna Camp as Rachel Norbert , wife , and then ex-wife of Greg Norbert .
Richard Schiff as Harrison `` Skip '' Galweather , senior partner and co-founder of Galweather-Stearn .
Season 2
Bess Armstrong as Julianne Hofschrager , interim CEO of Galweather-Stearn .
Adam Brody as Nate , CEO/president of an adult sex toy company .
Kevin Dobson as Mr. Pincus , owner of the Emerald casino in Las Vegas .
Lisa Edelstein as Brynn , assistant/political advisor for Carl Criswell .
Taylor Gerard Hart as Alex Dushkin , co-owner of Las Vegas Nightclub War .
Evan Hart as Kyle Dushkin , co-owner of Las Vegas Nightclub War .
Ronete Levenson as Tessa , Monica 's vegan chef ex-girlfriend .
Nia Long as Tamara , Galweather & Stearn 's newest employee and Marty 's classmate from business school .
Eden Malyn as 'Zanna , the pod 's personal assistant .
Michael McDonald as Carl Criswell , CEO/president of US National Bank .
Elimu Nelson as Kevin , Tamara 's husband .
Jenny Slate as Sarah Guggenheim , Doug 's girlfriend and , later , wife .
Larenz Tate as Malcolm Kaan , Marty 's brother .
Mather Zickel as Michael Carlson , owner of the Vibrato casino in Las Vegas .
Season 3
Genevieve Angelson as Caitlyn Hobart , part of Marty 's new pod .
Eugene Cordero as Everett , part of Monica 's pod .
Brigid Coulter as the wife of Andrew `` 'Dre '' Collins .
Eliza Coupe as Marisa McClintock , the youngest of the McClintock family . They were founder of MediaWolfOnline newspaper and later became the chairperson of entire McClintock Media Group after some help from Clyde .
Ryan Gaul as Will , part of Marty 's new pod .
Rob Gleeson as Jeffrey , part of Marty 's new pod .
Lauren Lapkus as Benita Spire , part of Jeanie 's new pod . They leaked info to the press that led to the demise of Galweather under The Rainmaker .
Alice Hunter as Chantelle , a young PhD candidate who is dating Jeremiah .
John Carroll Lynch as Gil Selby , one of Galweather-Stearn 's senior partners .
Mekhi Phifer as Andrew `` Dre '' Collins , cofounder of DollaHyde , a hip-hop fashion label . They were a former drug dealer .
T.I . as Lukas Frye , cofounder of DollaHyde , a hip-hop fashion label . They were also a former drug dealer .
Brad Schmidt as JC , part of Jeanie 's new pod .
Daniel Stern as Robert Tretorn , CEO , president , and founder of Free Range Foods .
Bex Taylor-Klaus as Lex , Roscoe 's partner who turns out to be a bad influence on him .
Milana Vayntrub as Christy , part of Monica 's pod . They were arrested and fired for stabbing Monica in `` Power ''
Rhea Seehorn as Samantha , Jeannie 's friend at the Department of Justice
Season 4
Mary McCormack as Denna Altshuler , a tough , highly successful white knight investor and owner of Global Investments , who is also Marty 's `` fuck-buddy ''
Demetri Martin as Ellis Gage Hightower , a shark-in-the-waters business person and godhead of electrics cars whom Marty befriends in prison , who also owns Gage Motors
Valorie Curry as Kelsey , a confident computer programmer who both Clyde and Doug chase romantically
Alicia Witt as Maya Lindholm , a brilliant engineer and former partner of Ellis Gage
Fred Melamed as Harvey Oberholt , the father of Clyde , who has a difficult relationship with their son and is dying of cancer
Season 5
Brianna Baker as Tess Symington , Green Point owner , Dungeons & Dragons player and briefly Doug 's girlfriend
Steven Weber as Ron Zobel
Wanda Sykes as Rita , Jeremiah 's partner
Glenn Howerton as Seth Buckley , a mayoral candidate , who has gotten romantically involved with Jeannie
Donald Faison as Donald , friend and golfing partner of Marty
Michael Cudlitz and Stacey Hinnen as Kohl brothers , business people who have business plans in Cuba and want to acquire K & A
Episodes
Production
The series is executive produced by Matthew Carnahan , Jessika Borsiczky , and Stephen Hopkins , with the pilot written by Carnahan and directed by Hopkins .
Development
On December 13 , 2010 , House of Lies was given a pilot order . On April 7 , 2011 , the series was given a 12 episode pick-up by Showtime . The series is based on Martin Kihn 's book , House of Lies : How Management Consultants Steal Your Watch and Then Tell You the Time . David Nevins , president of entertainment at Showtime , announced during the 2011 Television Critics Association press tour that the show was set to premiere on January 8 , 2012 .
Casting
Casting announcements began in December 2010 , with Don Cheadle as the first actor to be cast , as Marty Kaan , `` a highly successful , cut-throat consultant who is never above using any means ( or anyone ) necessary to get their clients the information they want '' . The next actor to be cast was Dawn Olivieri who plays Monica , `` Marty 's crazy , pill-popping ex-wife and biggest professional competition as their consulting firm is No . 1 compared to Marty 's No . 2 . '' Ben Schwartz and Josh Lawson were cast next , Schwartz playing Clyde Oberholt , a member of Marty 's team and their closest friend , and Lawson as Doug Guggenheim , Marty 's Harvard-educated associate . Last cast were Kristen Bell , who plays Jeannie van der Hooven , `` a razor-sharp , Ivy-League graduate who works at Marty 's firm '' , Donis Leonard Jr. as Roscoe Kaan , Marty 's son , and Glynn Turman as Jeremiah Kaan , Marty 's psychoanalyst father . Later , Richard Schiff was cast as Marty 's boss .
House of Lies Live
On December 29 , 2013 , Showtime presented `` House of Lies Live '' which featured members of the main cast and guest actors on the show performing at the UCB theatre in the first broadcast of long form improv .
Reception
Throughout its run , House of Lies has received mixed reviews from critics .
Entertainment Weeklys Ken Tucker , reviewing the pilot episode , thought the show 's premise `` sounds terrific in concept '' , that `` Cheadle and Bell are each in their own way exceedingly charming performers with a devilish aspect to their images '' , and that it has debuted at a good time : `` at this time in history , who does n't want to see undeservingly wealthy people get fleeced , or at least brought low by their avarice ? '' But ultimately Tucker found House of Lies wanting , writing that it is actually not `` all that interesting '' , and that its `` crucial weakness is its dead language '' . For Tucker , `` there 's no novelty or freshness in House of Lies ' patter or its penis-placement '' ( the latter comment being a reference to House of Lies ' `` butt-load of the sort of sexual activity one can get away with on pay-cable '' ) . They later included it on their Top 5 Worst TV Shows of 2012 , taking the fourth spot .
In stark contrast , Matt Rouch , writing for TV Guide , thought that `` as a pitiless , biting satire of the debauched state of American big business , it 's no lie to call this one of the smartest , funniest shows of the new year '' , praising its being `` [ d ] eeply cynical , garish in its raunchiness and always rudely , lewdly hilarious '' . It `` swims in a shark tank of such appalling survival-of-the-nastiest bad behavior it could launch its own channel : Human Animal Planet '' . Where Tucker finds House of Lies lines and dialogue poor , Rouch praises Don Cheadle 's character 's lines : Cheadle 's character `` often steps out of a freeze-frame to deliver scathing stylized asides to the audience , talking straight to the camera to teach us their lingo and soulless trade secrets '' . ( By contrast , Tucker found these freeze-frame asides a `` visual gimmick '' and complained of derivative lines : `` Creator Matthew Carnahan [ ... ] loads their new show with lines that sound borrowed from Glengarry Glen Ross ( `` Closing is what I do ! '' ) . ''
Sarah Huges of The Independent called House of Lies `` A Comedy for the One Per Cent , '' saying it 's a `` half-hour comedy about wealthy slicksters screening right in the middle of one of the biggest economic depressions America has experienced . '' Although calling the cast and production outstanding and funny in an artistic and technical way , the UK reception - by the standards of the Independent - seemed less positive than the rest . `` House of Lies is asking us not simply to laugh at this bunch of chancers , but to admire them for the way in which they rip people off , '' they write , calling for a check-up on corporate America .
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official website
Galweather & Stearn website
2010s American LGBT-related comedy television series
2012 American television series debuts
2016 American television series endings
Fiction about interracial romance
Showtime ( TV network ) original programming
English-language television shows
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Steve Bechtel ( born March 19 , 1970 ) is a rock climber , coach , and author based in Lander , Wyoming . They have been important in developing climbing around the region since the 1990s . Bechtel is considered a prime suspect in the unsolved disappearance of their first wife , Amy Wroe Bechtel .
Biography
Bechtel was born in Casper , Wyoming . As a teenager , Bechtel began to rock climb in central Wyoming , inspired by the sport climbing then popular in Europe . They later referred to these experiences as `` great [ opportunities ] as a young person to see people at the cutting edge of the sport . '' Their interest in Lander , Wyoming was piqued in the summer of 1990 when they heard about the limestone in the Black Hills , which was considered favorable for rock climbing . After two brief visits there that same year , Bechtel decided to move there the following year . Aside from a short period in the early 2000s when they lived in Salt Lake City , Utah , Bechtel has since resided permanently in Lander . They cited the Sinks Main Wall as the reason they settled permanently in the town .
As a rock climber , Bechtel has achieved first ascents all over the world . Bechtel is an SFG II , USA Weightlifting Certified Coach , a USA Cycling Elite-level coach , and has been coaching triathlon for nearly 15 years as a USAT-certified coach . They are a Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist ( CSCS ) and holds a degree in Exercise Physiology from the University of Wyoming . Their contributions are highlighted in the 2013 film Wind and Rattlesnakes . Bechtel has also been very involved in the International Climbers ' Festival , where they serve on the Bolt and Access Committee . In an interview in 2014 , Bechtel stated that they considered themselves a `` retired '' climber .
Bechtel lives in Lander where they own Elemental Performance + Fitness Gym and runs the climbing training program known as Climb Strong . Bechtel was married to Amy Wroe Bechtel until their disappearance in 1997 . In spring 2004 , Bechtel began dating Ellen Sissman ; they married five months later . They live together in Lander with their two children , Sam and Anabel .
Disappearance of Amy Wroe Bechtel
On July 24 , 1997 , Bechtel 's first wife , Amy Joy Bechtel ( also known in the media as Amy Wroe Bechtel ) disappeared during a run in the Wind River Mountains , approximately 15 miles southwest of Lander . An extensive search involving hundreds of volunteers turned up little information ; the searchers soon suspected foul play . Initially , Steve Bechtel aided in the investigation , in the course of which they became a suspect . Investigators found undated personal writings by Bechtel , wherein they had expressed a desire to commit murder and eliminate evidence of the body . They were then approached by law enforcement with a request to take a polygraph test , but they refused upon the advice of their lawyer . Thereafter , Bechtel terminated further cooperation with law enforcement . Bechtel has offered several explanations for not taking the polygraph test . In 1997 , Bechtel said that they were willing to take it , but that their lawyer threatened to drop them as a client if they did . Their lawyer , while defending their client 's right to refuse the test , denied that they would drop Bechtel if they defied their advice . Nineteen years later , Bechtel dismissed polygraph tests as `` monkey traps '' : `` Anybody who needs me to take that test—I do n't need them in my life . '' In 2010 , when the investigation was headed up by Detective John Zerga , a tip shifted the investigation to imprisoned murderer Dale Wayne Eaton . According to a later interview , however , Zerga said that Bechtel remains a suspect in the disappearance of their first wife . The case remains open , but unsolved .
Books
Logical Progression : Using Nonlinear Periodization for Year-Round Climbing Performance ( 2017 )
Strength : Foundational Training for Rock Climbing ( 2014 )
Power Endurance : Fatigue Management for Rock Climbing ( 2012 )
Lander Rock Climbs ( 2015 )
Cirque of the Towers ( 2008 )
References
External links
Climb Strong Website
Elemental Performance and Fitness Website
Climb Strong TV on YouTube
Steve Bechtel books on Amazon
1970 births
Living people
American rock climbers
People from Casper , Wyoming
People from Lander , Wyoming
Montebello is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States . It was among the communities severely affected by flash flooding from Hurricane Camille in 1969 .
Climate
Montebello weather is like most of the Blue Ridge region , mild , but occasionally hot summers , cool and pleasant in the spring and fall and usually cold , chilly and occasionally snowy weather during the winter .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
West Bridgewater Middle-Senior High School is a junior-senior high school located at 155 West Center St. in West Bridgewater , Massachusetts , United States . The school serves roughly 600 students in grades 7–12 . The school 's mascot is the wildcat , and the school 's colors are maroon and white .
Athletics
The football team won the Division 6B State Championship in 1991 .
The football team won the Division 4 State Championship in 2006 .
Furthermore , the Wildcats ' football team were also State Finalists in 1992 , 1993 , 1999 and 2007 .
The girls cross-country team has won the Mayflower League Championship for 16 years straight and the boys have won for 8 years straight ( as of 2022 ) .
In 2017 , first-year student Colleen O'Toole became the first female quarterback in Massachusetts history ever to play in a high school varsity game .
History
The town of West Bridgewater completed the construction of a new high school in 2015 to address the existing building 's many deficiencies , which caused the school 's accreditation to be placed on `` warning status '' in 2009 by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges ( NEASC ) . The new school opened in September 2015 , and is two stories tall , and has a greater capacity than the previous facility .
There is a `` heritage committee '' run by students who work to discover various means of preserving the history and the culture of the school .
References
Public middle schools in Massachusetts
Public high schools in Massachusetts
Schools in Plymouth County , Massachusetts
Educational institutions established in 1968
1968 establishments in Massachusetts
The London Borough of Richmond upon the Thames ( ) in southwest London forms part of Outer London and is the only London borough on both sides of the River Thames . It was created in 1965 when three smaller council areas amalgamated under the London Government Act 1963 . It is governed by Richmond upon Thames London Borough Council and is divided into nineteen wards . The population is 198,019 and the major settlements are Barnes , East Sheen , Mortlake , Richmond , Twickenham , Teddington and Hampton .
The borough is home to Richmond Park , the largest park in London , along with the National Physical Laboratory and The National Archives . The attractions of Kew Gardens , Hampton Court Palace , Twickenham Stadium and the WWT London Wetlands Centre is within its boundaries and draw domestic and international tourism .
Settlement , economy and demography
The borough is approximately half parkland – large areas of London 's open space fall within its boundaries , including Richmond Park , Kew Gardens , Bushy Park and Old Deer Park . The predominant other land use is residential . Most businesses within the borough consist of retail , property improvement/development and professional services . Parts of the borough , including Barnes , Richmond , St Margarets , Cambridge Park and Marble Hill , some areas of Twickenham and much of East Sheen rival Stanmore Hill and Kenley as the highest house-price districts and neighbourhoods in Outer London .
In 2006 , research commissioned by a major mortgage lender found that , on the quantitative statistical indices used , the borough had the best quality of life in London and was in the top quarter of local authorities nationwide . A neighbouring authority in Surrey achieved the best quality of life in that report .
Demography is a diverse picture as in all of London : each district should be looked at separately and even those do not reflect all neighbourhoods . Whatever generalisations are used , `` the fine-grained texture of London poverty '' by its minutely localised geography must always be taken into account according to an influential poverty report of 2010 . Richmond upon the Thames has the lowest child poverty rates in London at 20 % and contains at least one ward with an above-average level ( for London ) of working-age adults receiving out-of-work benefits but even this borough – reflecting the best result – has two standard poverty indices of sixteen in which it is placed in the worst quarter of boroughs .
Ethnicity
Richmond is one of London 's wealthiest boroughs on many measures . It has the lowest rates of poverty , child poverty , low pay , child obesity and adults without level 3 qualifications of any London borough , according to a 2017 research project by Trust for London .
London 's German business and expatriate community is centred on this borough , which houses the German School London ( DSL ) and most of the capital 's German expatriates .
List of neighbourhoods
The local authority divides the borough into fourteen loosely bounded neighbourhoods , or `` villages '' , with which residents broadly identify . Some of the neighbourhoods have the same name as their associated political ward , but the boundaries are not officially aligned . There is also no direct alignment between these areas and postcode districts , which tend to cover much broader areas , crossing the borough boundaries . Although most addresses in the borough have TW postcodes , some have SW and KT postcodes .
Attractions , parks and open spaces
Parks take up a great deal of the borough and include Richmond Park , Bushy Park , Kew Gardens , and Hampton Court Park . There are over 100 parks and open spaces in Richmond upon the Thames and of river frontage . 140 hectares within the borough are designated as part of the Metropolitan Green Belt .
The borough is home to the National Physical Laboratory and the attractions of Hampton Court Palace , Twickenham Stadium and the WWT London Wetlands Centre that draw domestic and international tourism .
The river Thames becomes narrower than at any part of Inner London towards its flow into the borough and becomes non-tidal at Teddington Lock in the borough ; its main axis runs south to north , rather than west to east through more than half of the borough .
History
The borough was formed in 1965 by the merger of the Municipal Borough of Twickenham from Middlesex with the Municipal Borough of Richmond and the Municipal Borough of Barnes from Surrey ; the new council 's offices were at York House in Twickenham .
Coat of arms
The borough 's history is reflected in the coat of arms , which was officially granted on 7 May 1966 . It is : Ermine a portcullis or within a bordure gules charged with eight fleurs-de-lis or . The crest is : On a wreath argent and gules out of a mural crown gules a swan rousant argent in beak a branch of climbing red roses leaved and entwined about the neck proper . The supporters are : On either side a griffin gules , armed and beaked azure , each supporting an oar proper , the blade of the dexter dark blue and that of the sinister light blue . The portcullis was taken from the arms of the Municipal Borough of Richmond ; the swan crest , from the arms of the Municipal Borough of Twickenham ; and the griffin supporters and shield from the arms of the Municipal Borough of Barnes . Red , gold and ermine are the royal livery colours , reflecting Richmond 's royal history . The swan represents the River Thames , which flows through the borough . The oars are from the Oxford University Boat Club and the Cambridge University Boat Club , reflecting the fact that the Boat Race between the two universities ends at Mortlake in the borough .
Politics
Council
Since its formation , the council has most often been led either by the Conservatives or by the Liberal Democrats . Currently , the Lib Dems make up the majority in the council .
Parliamentary representation
The borough is split into two constituencies , according to the river . On the north bank , there is the constituency of Twickenham and on the south bank there is the constituency of Richmond Park , which also contains some of the northern wards of the borough of Kingston .
Transport
Aviation
London Heathrow Airport is located a short distance west , in the London Borough of Hillingdon .
Buses
The borough is served by many Transport for London bus routes .
Rail services
The borough is connected to central London and Reading by the National Rail services of the South Western Railway .
Richmond upon the Thames is n't very well served by the London Underground compared with other boroughs in West London . Two stations , served by the District line , are located towards the borough 's northeastern end : Richmond and Kew Gardens station . Both are also served by London Overground trains on the North London line , which connects Richmond with inner North London before terminating in Stratford . The southwestern end of the district , encompassing areas such as Twickenham are served instead by suburban railway services .
The other stations are : Barnes ; Barnes Bridge ; Fulwell ; Hampton ; Hampton Wick ; Mortlake ; North Sheen ; St Margarets ; Strawberry Hill ; Teddington ; Twickenham and Whitton .
Education
Richmond upon the Thames is the local education authority for the borough .
Richmond upon Thames College opened in 1977 and was the first tertiary college in Greater London . The borough adopted a tertiary post-16 provision with virtually all 16-19 studies taking place at this college . This system lasted until 2012 when the council approved the creation of sixth forms in schools . Additionally the council approved the creation of a Catholic secondary school for the first time in the borough .
Sport and leisure
The borough has a non-League football club , Hampton & Richmond Borough F.C. , who play at Beveree Stadium in Hampton . Twickenham Stadium hosts rugby internationals and the Twickenham Stoop is home to the Harlequins Rugby Team .
Richmond Rugby Club are also active and share their grounds with London Scottish F.C . The Richmond Minis is a large youth rugby organisation whilst the Richmond Heavies organise games for more veteran players .
Cricket is played in many locations around the borough including Ham Common , Richmond Green and Kew Green .
The River Thames flows through the borough and a number of sailing and rowing clubs are located along it . Richmond Canoe Club is situation a short distance up river from Richmond Bridge
The borough has a large amount of equestrian activity ; this includes the Horse Rangers Association and Ham Polo Club .
Richmond 's swimming pools , Pools on the Park , are located in Old Deer Park close to the town centre . The outdoor pool is open in the summer months only . There is also a heated outdoor pool in Hampton .
Arts and culture
The Twickenham Museum is a volunteer-run museum opposite St Mary 's parish church .
The Museum of Richmond , in Richmond 's Old Town Hall , close to Richmond Bridge , has displays relating to the history of Richmond , Ham , Petersham and Kew . Its rotating exhibitions , education activities and a programme of events covers the whole of the modern borough . The museum 's highlights include 16th-century glass from Richmond Palace and a painting , The Terrace and View from Richmond Hill , Surrey by Dutch draughtsman and painter Leonard Knyff ( 1650–1722 ) , which is part of the Richmond upon Thames Borough Art Collection .
Orleans House Gallery in Twickenham displays material from the London Borough of Richmond upon the Thames ' art collection . This includes a portrait of James Johnston by Thomas Gibson , paintings of Orleans House by Arthur Vickers and several other artists , and the Burton Collection , which includes artwork , personal effects and photographs of the explorer Richard Francis Burton . The gallery is also the site of the London Borough of Richmond upon the Thames ' arts service and provides educational workshops for a wide variety of ages , using the converted stables and coach house as educational spaces .
Garrick 's Temple to Shakespeare in Hampton hosts a free Sunday afternoon Shakespeare exhibition from April to October and a series of summer drama , music and exhibitions .
Richmond has two theatres . The Richmond Theatre at the side of Little Green is a Victorian structure designed by Frank Matcham and restored and extended by Carl Toms in 1990 . The theatre has a weekly schedule of plays and musicals , usually given by professional touring companies , and pre-West End shows can sometimes be seen . There is a Christmas and New Year pantomime tradition and many of Britain 's greatest music hall and pantomime performers have appeared here .
Close to Richmond railway station is the Orange Tree Theatre which was founded in 1971 in a room above the Orange Tree pub . As audience numbers increased there was pressure to find a more accommodating space and , in 1991 , the company moved to current premises within a converted primary school . The 172-seat theatre was built specifically as a theatre in the round . It has acquired a national reputation for the quality of its work for staging new plays , and for discovering undeservedly forgotten old plays and neglected classics .
Performance group Richmond Opera rehearse regularly at The Vineyard Centre .
The Cabbage Patch pub on London Road near Twickenham railway station has , since 1983 , been a regular venue for live music on Sunday nights , organised by TwickFolk .
In 2015 , Barnes , London became home to London 's largest dedicated children 's book event , the Barnes Children 's Literature Festival , which is now the second largest in Europe .
Twin towns and sister cities
Richmond upon the Thames is twinned with :
Fontainebleau , France ( since 1977 )
Konstanz , Germany ( since 1983 )
Richmond , Virginia , United States ( since 1980 )
See also
List of people from the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
References
External links
Richmond upon Thames Council
1965 establishments in the United Kingdom
Richmond upon Thames
Richmond upon Thames
Populated places established in 1965
, known professionally as is a Japanese actor . They originally began acting under the name , becoming famous as the female lead in yakuza films opposite such stars as Kōji Tsuruta and Ken Takakura . They even starred in their own series as the sword-wielding gambler Red Peony in the Hibotan Bakuto series . Initially retiring in 1972 after getting married , they began appearing on TV in 1974 under their real name . They later returned to films in 1989 using the name Sumiko Fuji , and expanded their acting repertoire . They won a Blue Ribbon Award for best supporting actor in 1999 and 2006 . They are married to the kabuki actor Onoe Kikugorō VII and is the mother of the actor Shinobu Terajima and the kabuki actor Onoe Kikunosuke V .
Early life and career
Fuji was born in Wakayama as the third child and younger daughter of future film producer Koji Shundo . Them family eventually moved to Osaka , where , as a big fan of Takarazuka Revue , Fuji started to attend a dancing , singing and acting school during junior high . At 17 their family moved to Kyoto , shortly after which them and their older sister Nobuko started to appear on the local TV show Hai Hai , Mahinadesu . After visiting Toei 's Kyoto studio , Fuji attracted the attention of director Masahiro Makino , who invited them to appear in one of their films . Although Shundo initially opposed their daughter entering show business , wanting a `` normal '' life for them instead , they acquiesced figuring it would be better they work for Toei instead of their rivals .
In 1963 , Fuji made their film debut in Makino 's Hashu Yukyoden : Otoko no Sakazuki , and went on to appear in 10 movies that year while making regular appearances on NHK and TV Asahi television dramas . Mark Schilling wrote that by the mid-1960s , Fuji was the leading actor for Toei , often playing the love interest for Kōji Tsuruta and Ken Takakura in Ninkyo eiga . But they reached their peak in popularity between 1968 and 1972 , starring as a sword-wielding gambler in the Hibotan Bakuto series of films . In 1972 , Fuji married a kabuki actor they met while making the NHK drama Minamoto no Yoshitsune . After making Makino 's Kanto Hizakura Ikka , they retired from acting that same year . Schilling wrote that the popularity of Ninkyo eiga subsequently declined , and a search for a successor failed .
Selected filmography
Films
Bakumatsu zankoku monogatari ( 幕末残酷物語 ) ( 1964 )
Meiji kyōkaku den : Sandaime shūme ( 明治侠客伝三代目襲名 ) ( 1965 )
Bakuchiuchi sōcho tobaku ( 博奕打ち 総長賭博 ) ( 1968 )
The Valiant Red Peony aka Hibotan Bakuto ( 緋牡丹博徒 ) ( 1968 )
Jinsei gekijō : Hishakaku to Kiratsune ( 人生劇場 飛車角と吉良常 ) ( 1968 )
Hibotan bakuto : Hanafuda shōbu ( 緋牡丹博徒 花札勝負 ) ( 1969 )
Shōwa zankyō den : Shinde moraimasu ( 昭和残侠伝 死んで貰います ) ( 1970 )
Chizuko 's Younger Sister ( 1991 )
Wait and See ( 1998 )
The Geisha House ( おもちゃ Omocha ) ( 1999 )
Hula Girls ( フラガール , Hula Gāru ) ( 2006 )
The Inugamis ( 2006 )
Best Wishes for Tomorrow ( 明日への遺言 Ashita e no yuigon ) ( 2008 )
Air Doll ( 空気人形 , Kūki Ningyō ) ( 2009 )
Summer Wars ( サマーウォーズ , Samā Wōzu ) ( 2009 )
Lady Maiko ( 2014 )
April Fools ( 2015 )
A Loving Husband ( 2017 )
Samurai 's Promise ( 2018 )
Children of the Sea ( 2019 )
A Garden of Camellias ( 2021 ) , Kinuko
DIVOC-12 ( 2021 )
Television
Minamoto no Yoshitsune ( 1966 ) - Shizuka Gozen
Tobu ga Gotoku ( 1990 ) - Tenshōin
Hōjō Tokimune ( 2001 ) - Matsushita Zen-ni
Tenchijin ( 2009 ) - Kōdai-in Nene
Teppan ( てっぱん ) ( 2010–2011 )
A Day-Off of Ryoma Takeuchi ( 2020 )
Honours
Kinuyo Tanaka Award ( 1999 )
Medal with Purple Ribbon ( 2007 )
Order of the Rising Sun , 4th Class , Gold Rays with Rosette ( 2016 )
References
External links
Japanese film actores
1945 births
Living people
Japanese television actores
20th-century Japanese actores
21st-century Japanese actores
Recipients of the Medal with Purple Ribbon
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun , 4th class
People from Gobō , Wakayama
This is a list of notable Muslim Christianity scholars . A Muslim Christianity scholar is a Muslim scholar engaged in Islamic Christianity studies .
Jamal Badawi
Abu Ameenah Bilal Philips
Hamza Yusuf
Reza Aslan
See also
List of Muslim scholars
List of people by belief
List of Muslims
Christianity and Islam
Lists of theologians and religious studies scholars
Christianity scholars
Henry Vernon Wong is a Jamaican-American physicist known for their work in Plasma physics . They are Professor Emeritus at the University of Texas , Austin .
Career
Wong 's early education was at Cornwall College in Montego Bay , Jamaica . They won a Jamaica Scholarship to the University of the West Indies , graduating with a B.Sc . in physics in 1961 . They obtained their D.Phil . in Nuclear physics from Wadham College , Oxford in 1964 . Wong remained at Oxford during 1964-1965 as a postdoctoral scholar . In 1965 , they were the recipient of a CIBA Fellowship to continue their research at the International Centre for Theoretical Physics in Trieste , Italy . The following year they joined the Laboratoria Gas Ionizzati in Rome . In 1967 , Wong joined the Fusion Research Center ( FRC ) of the University of Texas at Austin as a Research Scientist .
Awards and honors
In 1961 , Wong was awarded a Rhodes Scholarship to Wadham College , Oxford
In 1988 , They were elected fellow of the American Physical Society .
Selected publications
Wong , H. Vernon . `` Stability of Bernstein‐Greene‐Kruskal Wave with Small Fraction of Trapped Electrons '' The Physics of Fluids 15 , 632 ( 1972 ) ; DOI:10.1063/1.1693958
Wong , H. Vernon . `` Sideband instabilities in free electron lasers '' Physics of Fluids B : Plasma Physics , 2 1635 ( 1990 ) . DOI:10.1063/1.859489
Wong , H. Vernon . `` Particle canonical variables and guiding center Hamiltonian up to second order in the Larmor radius '' Physics of Plasmas 7 , 73 ( 2000 ) . DOI:10.1063/1.873782
Wong , H. Vernon . `` Nonlinear finite-Larmor-radius drift-kinetic equation '' Physics of Plasmas 12 , 112305 ( 2005 ) . DOI:10.1063/1.2116867
References
University of the West Indies alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Alumni of Wadham College , Oxford
Living people
20th-century American physicists
21st-century American physicists
Jamaican scientists
Jamaican Rhodes Scholars
Plasma physicists
Fellows of the American Physical Society
University of Texas at Austin faculty
1938 births
Cornwall College , Jamaica alumni
Lucian Scherman ( born October 10 , 1864 in Posen , died May 29 , 1946 in Hanson , Massachusetts ) was a German Indologist , curator of the Ethnology Museum in Munich , and also a professor at the University there .
Studies and Academic Work
Scherman was the son of merchants and landowners in Posen . After attending high school in Breslau and Posen , in 1882 they took up the study of Sanskrit at the University of Breslau with Adolf Friedrich Stenzler . In 1883 they relocated to Munich , where they continued their studies at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich . Scherman received their doctorate in the summer of 1885 . Their dissertation was entitled Eine eingehende Erörterung der philosophischen Hymnen aus der Rig- und Atharva-Veda-Sanhitâ sowohl an sich als auch im Verhältnis zur Philosophie der älteren Upanishad 's . The dissertation was , coincidentally , the answer to a prize question that their instructor , Ernst Kuhn , had put to the faculty . It was announced that Scherman would win the prize for their dissertation .
From October 1910 to December 1911 , Scherman and their wife Christine undertook an extended research trip to Ceylon ( today Sri Lanka ) , Burma ( today Myanmar ) , and India ( today India and Pakistan ) . Scherman 's eminence both in Germany and abroad was so considerable that a special Department of Asian Ethnology with an emphasis on Indian Culture was created specifically for him .
Works
Lucian Scherman has written many articles and books , and it would be difficult to draw up an exhaustive list . Here are some of them :
Philosophische Hymnen aus der Rig- und Atharva-veda-Sanhitâ : verglichen mit den Philosophemen der älteren Upanishad 's ( Philosophical hymns from the Rig and Atharva Veda Sanhitâ : compared with the philosophemes of the older Upanishad 's ) , ( 1877 ) .
Orientalische bibliographie ( Oriental bibliography ) , ( 1896 ) .
Allgemeine Methodik der Volkskunde : Berichte über Erscheinungen in den Jahren ( General methodology of folklore : reports on phenomena in the years ) , ( 1899 ) .
Orientalische Bibliographie : Drei Hefte in einem Band ( Oriental Bibliography : Three issues in one volume ) , ( 1904 ) .
Textiles , crafts and customs of Burma 's women world ( 1910 )
Völkerkundliche notizen aus Oberbirma ( Ethnological notes from Upper Burma ) , ( 1911 ) .
Brettchenwebereien aus Birma und den Himalayaländern ( Board weavings from Burma and the Himalayan countries ) , ( 1913 ) .
Zur altchinesischen Plastik : Erläuterung einiger Neuzugänge im Münchener Ethnographischen Museum ( On Ancient Chinese Sculpture : Explanation of Some New Additions to the Munich Ethnographic Museum ) , ( 1915 ) .
Frühbuddhistische Steinskulpturen in China ( Early Buddhist stone sculptures in China ) , ( 1921 ) .
Das Museum für Völkerkunde : im Nordflügel der Hofgartenarkaden ( The Museum of Ethnology : in the north wing of the Hofgarten Arcades ) , ( 1922 ) .
Im Stromgebiet des Irrawaddy : Birma und seine Frauenwelt ( In the Irrawaddy River Basin : Burma and Its Womankind ) , ( 1922 ) .
Die ältesten Buddhadarstellungen des Münchener Museums für Völkerkunde ( The oldest Buddha representations in the Munich Museum of Ethnology ) , ( 1928 ) .
Buddha im fürstenschmuck ; erläuterung hinterindischer bildwerke des Münchener museums für völkerkunde ( Buddha in princely ornaments ; explanation of Hindustani pictorial works from the Munich Museum of Ethnology ) , ( 1932 ) .
Notes
1864 births
1946 deaths
German Indologists
German male non-fiction writers
Linguists from the United States
Anderton Park Primary School is a coeducational primary school located in the Sparkhill area of Birmingham , West Midlands , England .
It is a community school administered by Birmingham City Council .
In 2019 , it became the focus of campaigners opposed to LGBT representation in Sex and Relationship Education lessons . These campaigners mounted a sustained demonstration outside the gates of the school before being stopped by the High Court , as of 2021 , the school still teaches materials containing references to LGBT groups .
The school is mentioned in official accounts relating to the so-called Trojan Horse scandal .
References
External links
Anderton Park Primary School official website
Primary schools in Birmingham , West Midlands
Community schools in Birmingham , West Midlands
LGBT history in the United Kingdom
CS Colțea Brașov is a football club based in Brașov , in central Romania . It was founded in 1920 , and it soon became one of the best teams in the country , winning one Romanian Championship in 1928 . The club was dissolved in 1931 and refounded in 2015 . It currently plays in the Liga IV .
History
A subsidiary of Colțea București , Colțea Brașov was founded in the year 1920 in Brașov by Vintilă Cristescu , Puiu Pavel and Iacobescu , all three of them being players of Colțea București . Colțea Brașov entered in the circuit of the local and national competitions in 1921 . In 1925–1926 , it won the regional championship , but in the national championship 1925–26 , it was eliminated in the quarter-finals by AMEF Arad .
The next year , in 1926–27 , the club reached the final of the national championship , but lost to Chinezul Timișoara 2–2 and 2–3 . The squad that was used included the following players : Kiss – Zarkoszy , Columban , Balint , Ad . Hrehuss , Adamovici , Viszvari , Hecht , Şt . Torok , R. Auer , Csanz , Bertha .
In 1927–28 obtains the great performance , winning the final against Jiul Lupeni with 3–2 and the national championship . The players that were crowned champions were : Lobel – Columban , Balint , Şt . Torok , Csajka , Ad . Hrehuss , Kemeny , Gylebrowsky , Gruber , Hecht , Peterffi .
In 1928–29 , present again at a national championship tournament was eliminated by Venus București in the quarter-finals . From then forward , being a military team , falls and disappears after 1931 , giving its place in the Brașovian football to Brașovia Brașov and FC Brașov .
In the summer of 2015 , Colțea Brașov was refounded as CS Colțea 1920 Brașov , at 84 years from the moment of its dissolution .
After one season Colțea Brașov signed an important association project with the Spanish club Celta de Vigo regarding the youth sector .
Honours
Liga I :
Winners ( 1 ) : 1927–28
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 1926–27
Liga IV – Brașov County
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2019–20
Club Officials
Board of directors
Current technical staff
See also
Colțea București
References
External links
Association football clubs established in 1920
Football clubs in Brașov County
Sport in Brașov
1920 establishments in Romania
`` Out of Touch '' is a song by American singer Dove Cameron , released on December 6 , 2019 , through Disruptor and Columbia Records .
Background
Cameron announced the song 's release on December 2 , 2019 , by posting a picture on social media of a file titled `` Out of Touch Explicit ( Mastered ) '' with the caption `` 12/6 '' . They teased the song the following day posting a picture on social media with handwritten lyrics of the song . Cameron called the song `` One of their favourite tracks they have done so far '' . It was one of the first songs they recorded for their `` new music era '' .
Composition
`` Out of Touch '' is a pop-rock song above a `` mellow , mid-tempo guitar riff '' . The song was written in the key of B Major with a tempo of 80 beats per minute . The song is about Cameron `` recovering from a tiff with their lover and how they hope to reconcile '' and `` wanting this person to keep being honest with her , even when they do n't handle it well '' .
Music video
The music video accompanied the song 's release . It sees Cameron singing to the camera on a rooftop with a city setting in the background . At the end of the video , Cameron runs into the arms of their partner Thomas Doherty .
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal .
Dove Cameron – songwriting , vocals
DallasK – songwriting , production
Halatrax – songwriting , production
John Thomas Roach – songwriting
Kevin Robert Fisher – songwriting
Lisa Scinta – songwriting
Steph Jones – songwriting
Keith Parry – assistant engineering
Chris Gehringer – mastering
Erik Madrid – mixing
Jenna Andrews – recording
Release history
References
2019 songs
2019 singles
Columbia Records singles
Disruptor Records singles
Dove Cameron songs
Songs written by DallasK
Songs written by Dove Cameron
Songs written by Steph Jones
Bercel is a village in Nógrád county , Hungary .
Twin towns – sister cities
Bercel is twinned with :
Căpâlnița , Romania
Modrý Kameň , Slovakia
References
Populated places in Nógrád County
Ray Keith is a British drum and bass DJ and record producer . They are one of the genre 's most well known producers and DJs and is regarded as one of the pivotal figures in the early jungle/drum and bass scene .
Biography
Ray had an interest for jazz , funk and soul music which led them to buy turntables . They began DJing as a teenager in the 1980s around their native Essex and Suffolk . This was before they got their break DJing on the London acid house and rave scene .
They started working as a recording artist and producer for their own style of music and other genres in 1990 . One of their early remixes was a bootleg mix of Orbital 's Chime in 1990 , which was then officially released in 1992 .
They found their niche with drum and bass music . They are famed for producing bass heavy yet soulful tunes and has made classics such as the jungle anthems `` Terrorist '' and `` Chopper '' . Ray set up Dread Recordings in 1994 and has produced numerous albums . They have also remixed Moby , Shades of Rhythm and Moving Shadow .
Their nephew , Peter O'Grady aka Joy Orbison , is also a DJ and producer . Ray is a keen supporter of Manchester United football team
Discography
Studio albums
Contact ( UFO , 1999 )
Vintage Dread ( Dread Recordings , 2000 )
Alien Encounter ( UFO , 2001 )
Twisted Anger - Mothership ( Dread Recordings , 2002 )
Blade Runner - Analog Bass ( Dread Recordings , 2009 )
Dread Digital Volume 1 and Volume 2 ( Dread Recordings , 2010 )
I Am Renegade ( Dread Recordings , 2012 )
Ray Keith vs Bladerunner - Dubplate Clash Dub Dread 4 ( Dread Recordings , 2012 )
The Golden Years : Back to '94 ( Kniteforce Records , 2021 )
References
External links
Discogs.com - Ray Keith
English DJs
English record producers
English drum and bass musicians
Club DJs
Remixers
Living people
Electronic dance music DJs
Musicians from Essex
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Gim Goeumga ( died 9 January 1404 ) or posthumously honoured as Royal Noble Consort Jeong , was the third wife of Yi Jachun .
Life
Born as Gim Goeumga ( 김고음가 , 高音加 ) , they were initially a Mistress in Yi Jachun 's manor but later bore them a son , Yi Hwa ( 이화 ; the future Grand Prince Uian ) and become their consort . It was said that their step-son , Yi Seonggye ( 이성계 ; the future King Taejo of Joseon ) always paid special attention to Gim and their son , also regarded them as their biological family too and always got down on their knees when deal and greeted them even it was n't too mandatory .
When Seonggye was young , Gim accidentally saw 5 crows and asked them to shoot them with an arrow . Then , after they shot five arrows at the same time , they told them that they should never disclose such things to anyone . After Jachun 's death in 1361 , they brought them to Gaegyeong and burned down their slave documents .
Seonggye then established the new Joseon dynasty and gave Gim Royal title as Princess Jeongan ( 정안옹주 , 定安翁主 ) . They later died on 9 January 1404 ( 4th year reign of Seonggye 's son , Yi Bangwon ) . Heard about this , Bangwon was very sad and suspended the inquiry for three days and mourned them In 1872 , during the 9th year reign of Emperor Gojong of Korea , they were honoured as `` Royal Noble Consort '' ( 빈 , 嬪 ) with the character of Jeong ( 정 , 定 ) .
References
Royal consorts of the Joseon Dynasty
14th-century Korean people
Year of birth unknown
1404 deaths
Date of birth unknown
The Krýsuvík fires were a period of volcanic activity in a fissure swarm known as Krýsuvík ( : is : Krýsuvíkureldar ) on the Reykjanes peninsula .
The fires started in the middle of the 12th century , probably in 1151 and written sources indicate that they ended in 1188 . Lava flows associated with the Krýsuvík fires are Ögmundarhraun , Mávahlíðahraun and Kapelluhraun .
See also
List of volcanic eruptions on Iceland
Krýsuvík ( volcanic system )
Volcanism of Iceland
Geology of Iceland
List of volcanoes in Iceland
Geological deformation of Iceland
Global Volcanism Program
References
External links
Catalogue of Icelandic Volcanoes
Mountains of Iceland
Active volcanoes
One-thousanders of Iceland
Volcanic systems of Iceland
Krýsuvík Volcanic System
Reykjanes Volcanic Belt
Fissure vents
Southern Region ( Iceland )
Ratna Manikya II ( – 1712 ) was the Maharaja of Tripura from 1685 to 1693 and again from 1695 to 1712 .
Only a small child when they became ruler , Ratna spent much of their life under the control of external forces , having been used as a puppet-monarch by domineering relations as well as being both deposed and enthroned by the powerful Mughal Empire . They were eventually killed in a coup orchestrated by their younger brother .
Background and first reign
Born Ratnadeva , they were the eldest of Maharaja Rama Manikya 's four surviving sons and the only one to be born of their chief queen . During their father 's reign , they held the post of Yuvraj .
Rama died in 1685 and Ratna , then only 5 years old , ascended the throne under the name Ratna Manikya . The state of confusion which had ensued upon their father 's death continued throughout the early years of Ratna 's reign . Due to their young age , control of the state was held by their maternal uncle , Balibhima Narayana , who is described in the Champakvijay ( a contemporary political work ) as having been an oppressive ruler . Narayana eventually fell afoul of the Subahdar of Bengal , Shaista Khan , who , in reprisal for an invasion of the Mughal territory of Sylhet , launched an assault on Tripura in 1693 . Narayana was imprisoned and the young Ratna was overthrown and replaced with their cousin , Narendra Manikya , who had aided Khan in the campaign .
Second reign
Narendra reigned for about two years , during which time Ratna was kept by their side and treated affectionately . The former was eventually deposed by Shaista Khan , who had been influenced against them by another cousin , Champak Ray , among others . Ratna was subsequently restored to the throne , though once again had little actual power , having become a puppet-ruler under Ray , who was named their Yuvraj . The latter was eventually assassinated by the king 's supporters .
Finally secure as ruler in their own right , Ratna enacted a number of administrative changes , such as restoring earlier ministerial positions as well as creating new ones . One of their brothers , Durjoy Singh , was named the new Yuvraj while another , Ghanashyam , was made Barathakur . Ratna also had dealings with other kingdoms , having battled King Paikhomba of Manipur in 1696 , as well as sending another brother , Chandramani , as a hostage to the Mughal court . Between 1710 and 1715 , a series of embassies and letters in Sanskrit were exchanged between the court of Tripura and that of the ruler of the Ahom kingdom , Rudra Singha , with the purpose of developing a Hindu confederation against Mughal attacks .
Due to the internal instability during their reign , Ratna had little opportunity to contribute to public works within their kingdom . Among the few they did commission was the Sateroratna Mandir , a temple dedicated to the god Jagannath in Comilla , located in what is present-day Bangladesh . Images of the goddess Kali were also installed in Comilla as well as at the temple at Kasba .
Overthrow and death
Towards the end of their reign , a conspiracy was launched against Ratna by their brother Ghanashyam . The latter was assisted by Murad Beg , an influential noble at court whose married sister had been dishonoured by the king . Murad was dispatched to Dhaka , where they recruited some itinerant forces as well as a high-ranking local officer against Ratna . Ghanashyam themselves was frequently absent from the capital , using the excuse that they were holding wild elephants . According to the Rajmala , Ratna was informed by their supporters that their brother was plotting against him , though they ignored the information . Historian Ramani Mohan Sarma suggests that this inaction may either have been due to the king 's inexperience with diplomacy resulting in a misplaced trust in Ghanashyam , or that they were fearful of moving against their powerful brother .
In 1712 , Ratna was forcibly removed from the throne and confined to the royal apartments . Ghanashyam , who took power under the name Mahendra Manikya , later had them strangled to death , with their body being cremated on the banks of the Gomti River . Ratna 's wives , said to have numbered 120 , all immolated themselves on their funeral pyre .
Notes
References
Bibliography
Kings of Tripura
History of Tripura
Child rulers from Asia
Dethroned monarchs
Rulers deposed as children
1712 deaths
Murdered Indian monarchs
18th-century murdered monarchs
1712 murders in Asia
18th-century murders in India
Lichenoporidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cyclostomatida .
Genera
Genera :
Actinotaxia Hamm , 1881
Bimulticavea d'Orbigny , 1853
Camerapora Meunier & Pergens , 1885
References
Bryozoan families
The green-throated sunbird ( Chalcomitra rubescens ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae . It is found in Angola , Burundi , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Republic of the Congo , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon , Kenya , Nigeria , Rwanda , South Sudan , Tanzania , Uganda , and Zambia .
References
green-throated sunbird
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
green-throated sunbird
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Reef safe is a distinction used in the saltwater aquarium hobby to indicate that a fish or invertebrate is safe to add to a reef aquarium . There is no fish that is completely reef safe . Every fish that is commonly listed as reef safe are species that usually do not readily consume small fish or invertebrates . Fish listed as reef safe also do not bother fellow fish unless in some cases , for instance tangs , they do not get along with conspecifics and sometimes fish with similar color or body shape . Every fish has a personality , is different , and , in some cases , are opportunistic feeders . Tangs , which by most accounts are reefed safe , may in adulthood eat some crustaceans shortly after they molt . Many larger predatory fish , for instance eels and pufferfish , will adapt very well to a reef tank and will be problem-free as long as they have sizable tank-mates and no crustaceans . Some aquarists have also had success in keeping smaller fish with predatory ones in reef tanks by adding the smaller fish at night , sometimes with newly rearranged rockwork .
Reef safe
Fish
Anthias
Basslets
Blenny Excludes fang blennies . A few species will nip at polyps and giant clam mantles .
Cardinalfish
Chromis
Clownfish Excludes the maroon clown which can grow very aggressive and territorial .
Damsel Excludes larger , more aggressive Dascyllus varieties .
Dwarf angelfish in a reef setting has been heavily debated .
Dottybacks They may consume small shrimp and can be highly aggressive .
Dragonets
Foxface Foxface and rabbitfish will occasionally eat certain corals if underfed .
Gobies
Jawfish
Pipefish They can be killed by stinging corals and anemones .
Pseudochromis They may consume small shrimp and can be highly aggressive .
Seahorses They can be killed by stinging corals and anemones .
Tangs
Wrasse There are both reef safe wrasses and ones that are notorious for killing small fish and invertebrates .
Planktivorous Triggerfish With caution .
Melichthys spp .
Xanthichthys spp .
Odonus spp .
Invertebrates
Corals ( Class Anthozoa ) There are aggressive types of coral which have sweeper tentacles that can burn other corals . These may require specific placement in an aquarium .
Crabs Specifically small hermit crabs , anemone crabs , emerald mithrax crabs , and strawberry crabs .
Fan worms ( Suborder Sabellida )
Giant clams
Scallops
Sea anemones ( Order Actiniaria ) Anemones , especially carpet anemones can eat fish and burn corals to death requiring specific placement for specimens in an aquarium .
Sea cucumbers
Sea fans
Sea slugs
Starfish / Sea stars There are many starfish which are not reef safe like crown-of-thorns starfish and chocolate chip sea star .
Shrimps Peppermint shrimps , cleaner shrimps , pistol shrimps , anemone shrimps and blood red fire shrimps are better choices since the commonly available banded coral shrimp can kill fish , and the mantis shrimp will kill and eat most animals in a tank .
Snails Some snails are parasitic but are rarely , if ever , offered in the saltwater aquaria trade .
Sponges
Tunicates ( sea squirts )
Reef unsafe
Fish
Non-dwarf Angelfish This includes any of the larger angelfish .
Non-planktivorous Butterflyfish Eat mainly or exclusively coral polyps
Non-planktivorous Triggerfish This includes most triggerfish . Most triggerfish are highly aggressive carnivores that will eat many smaller fish and invertebrates in an aquarium . They also grow to be quite large .
Invertebrates
Sea apples Currently short-lived in aquaria . They release a highly-toxic substance at death , decimating the aquarium .
References
Fishkeeping
Sara Ramirez ( born 1975 ) is a Mexican-American singer , songwriter , and actor .
Sara Ramírez may also refer to :
Sara Ramirez ( EP ) , their 2011 debut extended play
Sara Estela Ramírez ( 1881–1910 ) , Mexican teacher , writer and activist
Sara Ramírez ( table tennis ) ( born 1987 ) , Spanish table tennis player
Ramirez , Sara
Beverley Mahood ( born 2 November 1974 ) is a country music singer-songwriter and television host in Canada . Beverley emigrated from Belfast to Canada as a child . They are also formerly part of the all-female trio Lace , produced by the renowned Los Angeles producer , David Foster . From 2004 to 2005 , they co-hosted the Citytv Vancouver morning show , Breakfast Television . Mahood was then named to co-host CMT Canada 's flagship show , CMT Central . They starred as the anchor judge on the series `` CMT Chevy Karaoke Star . '' Other hosting duties have included the reality series Project Mom/Project Dad and Pick a Puppy ( 2010-2013 ) and the countdown program Ultimate .
Mahood established a business partnership in 2005 with Canadian entrepreneur W. Brett Wilson in forming BPM Entertainment Corp. to pursue creative investment opportunities in the entertainment world . They bought out their interest in BPMEC in 2012 and has continued to grow their entertainment business . Mahood attended Saunders High School in London .
Biography
Music career
Mahood has been building their profile in the music scene throughout Canada and the United States since their debut album , Girl Out of the Ordinary , was released in 1998 . The album garnered multiple radio singles and music videos . They signed with 143 Records , a record label owned by record producer David Foster . With Foster , they were part of the female trio , Lace , releasing an album , Lace , in 1999 . The first single , `` I Want a Man '' , went to number 7 on the charts in Canada and was a number one video on CMT 's Chevy Top 20 . A second solo CD , Moody Blue , was released in 2004 , receiving recognition with another number one CMT video for the single `` The First Day You Wake Up Alone . ''
In addition to their own recorded material , Mahood co-wrote the hit single `` Come to Me , '' recorded by Celine Dion on their 2005 Miracle album . They also wrote `` Good to Be Alive , '' the theme for the CMT reality series ' Project Mother and Project Dad , which was released to radio in 2007 with an accompanying music video airing on CMT . In May 2008 , Mahood marked their return as a recording artist with the release of the song , `` This Girl . '' A second single , `` Rewrite History , '' was released in October 2008 . Mahood 's new album , Unmistakable , was released on 18 November 2008 . Them most recent Christmas album , This Christmas Celebrates Me Home , was on 4 November 2008 . In May 2013 , Mahood released a new single , `` Hope & Gasoline , '' to Canadian country radio . Mahood 's fourth album was released on 12 November 2013 . The album was re-released in 2017 as `` New Religion '' with extra tracks
Mahood is also known for being an enthusiastic Toronto Maple Leafs fan . They have sung the national anthems at numerous home games for both the Leafs and the Nashville Predators .
Acting career
In 2006 , Mahood contributed their name and image to the Bootlegger Jean print campaign with their image appearing in stores across North America . As an actor , they have performed in The Vagina Monologues ( 2004 ) , the stage production Heartthrobs ( 2003 ) and Castle Rocks ( Young People 's Theatre , 1998 ) .
They performed in the 2004 television film Chicks with Sticks . Mahood was cast to be the singing superhero Dazzler in X-Men : The Last Stand ( 2006 ) . However , they did not shoot any scenes as their character ( and many others ) were cut from the film .
Charity work
Mahood has and continues to host the Kinsmen Telemiracle in Saskatchewan annually each March , with 2020 being the 23rd year that they have done so . As the host of the Saskatchewan-based telethon , Mahood performs and sings , as well as introducing talent and speaking with various people who have raised funds .
They also performed at The Bohemian Ball in Toronto on 20 February 2009 . The 2009 Bohemian Ball , organised by the Canada Czech Republic Chamber of Commerce , was held in support of the SickKids Foundation and the Hospital for Sick Children .
Mahood is a supporter of the following initiatives : the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation , the Alberta 's Children 's Hospital , the David Foster Foundation and the CIBC Run for the Cure . They are also the spokesperson for the Pink Mitten Campaign , which raises money for breast cancer research , education and awareness programs .
Discography
Albums
Singles
As a featured artist
Music videos
Awards
CCMA Independent Female Artist – 2004 , 1999 , 1998
CMT Independent Recording Artist of the Year , 1997
Ontario Country Music Association : Rising Star , Female Vocalist , Group or Duo , Single , 1998
RPM Big Country Awards : Rising Star 1998
RPM Big Country Awards : Group of The Year ( with Lace ) 1999
OCPHA : Group of the Year ( with Lace ) – 2002 , 2000
OCPHA : Vocal Collaboration ( with Steve Fox – Couple on the Cake ) 2002
References
External links
Beverley Mahood Official site
Beverley Mahood 's MySpace
1974 births
Living people
Canadian women country singers
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Canadian television hosts
Musicians from Belfast
Musicians from London , Ontario
Northern Ireland emigrants to Canada
21st-century Canadian women singers
Canadian women television hosts
The Herald-Star is a daily newspaper based in Steubenville , Ohio .
Its history began in 1806 with the founding of the Western Herald by William Lowry and John Miller . Miller , who left the paper to fight in the War of 1812 , eventually became governor of Missouri .
James Wilson , grandfather of US President Woodrow Wilson , purchased the paper in 1815 and served for 23 years as proprietor and editor .
In 1847 , the theretofore weekly Herald published its first daily edition . The initiator of this move was William R. Allison , who owned and edited the paper from 1846 to 1873 .
The paper merged with the Steubenville Star in 1897 to form the Herald-Star .
Brush-Moore Newspapers bought the paper in 1926 . For a number of years , the paper was part of the Thomson Newspapers , who acquired Brush-Moore Newspapers in 1967 .
Ogden Newspapers bought the paper from Thomson in 1996 .
References
Newspapers published in Ohio
Steubenville , Ohio
1806 establishments in Ohio
Bathgate railway station is a railway station serving Bathgate in West Lothian , Scotland . Opened on 18 October 2010 , it is close to the junction of the former Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway and the former Bathgate and Coatbridge Railway to the east of the 1986 station . Ticket gates are in operation .
History
In 2005 , the Scottish Executive announced that the then-closed section of line between the 1989 Drumgelloch station and Bathgate would be rebuilt as a double tracked electrified railway , termed the Airdrie-Bathgate Rail Link . This resulted in the closure of the 1986 station , replaced by the present station , 34 chains ( a little under half a mile ) east of the former station . The link connects with the North Clyde Line at Drumgelloch and the Edinburgh to Bathgate Line at Bathgate , forming a fourth rail link between Glasgow and Edinburgh .
The station opened on 18 October 2010 , replacing the 1986 station , which closed at the end of the day 's service on 16 October 2010 . Rail replacement bus services were provided between Bathgate and Haymarket on Sunday 17 October 2010 .
Services west of Bathgate commenced on 12 December 2010 , with the route being incorporated into the North Clyde Line services .
Services
October to December 2010
At the time of opening in 2010 , there was a half-hourly service from Bathgate to Edinburgh Monday to Saturdays with an hourly service on Sundays .
Winter 2010/11 ( Interim timetable from 12 December 2010 )
As a result of delays with commissioning of the Class 380 trains , insufficient Class 334 trains for the full service were available for the introduction of the intended timetable from 12 December 2010 . Due to inclement weather some intermediate stations to Airdrie are provided with bus services whilst final works are completed .
Off-Peak Monday to Friday
1tph Helensburgh Central < < > > Edinburgh Waverley
3tph Bathgate < < > > Edinburgh Waverley
Monday to Friday after 6pm
1tph Helensburgh Central < < > > Edinburgh Waverley
1tph Bathgate < < > > Edinburgh Waverley
Saturday and Sunday
2tph Helensburgh Central < < > > Edinburgh Waverley
Winter 2010/11 ( Full service )
Following the opening of the line between Airdrie and Bathgate , the service was combined with Edinburgh to Bathgate service , the complete service when sufficient rolling stock is available is :
Off-peak Monday to Saturday
2tph Helensburgh Central < < > > Edinburgh Waverley
2tph Milngavie < < > > Edinburgh Waverley
Monday to Saturday after 6pm
2tph Helensburgh Central < < > > Edinburgh Waverley
Sunday
2tph Helensburgh Central < < > > Edinburgh Waverley
2016
The same daytime & Sunday frequency applies in the May 2016 timetable , with a few early morning services starting from here ( in both directions ) and terminating here in the evening .
References
Notes
Sources
Airdrie - Bathgate Railway and Link Improvements Bill - Sheet 42
Railway stations in West Lothian
Railway stations opened by Network Rail
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 2010
Railway stations served by ScotRail
Bathgate
2010 establishments in Scotland
Yaman may refer to :
Yaman ( name ) , people with the given name or surname
Yaman ( raga ) , a raga in Hindustani classical music
Yaman ( film ) , a 2017 Indian film
Yaman ( tribal group ) , an Arab tribal confederation
Places
Yaman , Iran , a village in Iran
Yaman , Mudanya , Turkey
Yaman , variant transliteration of Yemen
See also
`` Dle Yaman '' , a traditional Armenian song rearranged by Komitas
Yattaman , a television show
Yemen ( disambiguation )
Mideidae is a family of mites belonging to the order Trombidiformes .
Genera
Eumidea Tuzovskij , 1982
Midea Bruzelius , 1854
References
Trombidiformes
Fernand Joseph St Germain ( January 9 , 1928 – August 16 , 2014 ) was an American politician from Rhode Island . They were a member of the Democratic Party and served in the Rhode Island House of Representatives and the United States House of Representatives . They are best known for their sponsorship of the Garn–St . Germain Depository Institutions Act , which deregulated the savings and loan industry .
Early life
Born in Blackstone , Massachusetts , they were raised and attended parochial schools in Woonsocket , Rhode Island . They graduated from Our Lady of Providence Seminary High School , 1945 , and from Providence College in 1948 and served in the United States Army from 1949 to 1952 . St Germain did not spell their name with a period saying that they were no saint .
Career
In 1952 , at the age of 24 , St Germain won a seat in the Rhode Island House of Representatives . Three years later , they graduated from Boston University Law School and was admitted to the bar .
In 1960 , they were elected to Congress , where they would serve 14 terms . They later joined the Committee on Banking , Finance , and Urban Affairs , becoming the committee chairperson in 1981 . In 1982 , they and Senator Jake Garn sponsored the Garn–St . Germain Depository Institutions Act . One of the act 's primary features was its deregulation of the savings and loan industry . Although the provisions of the act were to protect thrift savings institutions from rapidly rising interest rates by allowing them to offer new deposit accounts and make additional types of loans , its loosening of regulations arguably precipitated the Savings and loan crisis .
In 1985 , St Germain was accused of using their office for personal benefit . The Wall Street Journal published an investigation into the Congressman 's finances . The Journal examined their financial disclosures and found that they were able to secure no-down-payment loans of $ 1.3 million to acquire several International House of Pancakes restaurants even though they only had a salary of $ 42,500 per year .
An aide in St Germain 's office contacted federal regulators repeatedly about the application of Florida Federal Savings and Loan to convert to stock ownership . After the application was approved , St Germain made a $ 15,000 investment in the company 's stock . The chairperson of the S & L told the Journal that they did offer St Germain access to real estate deals not available to the general public but contended that they did not request assistance with the application .
Although the Justice Department and the House Ethics Committee both declined to pursue charges against him , the controversy factored into their 1986 and 1988 re-election efforts . In 1986 , Republican John Holmes gave them their first tough race in many years , taking 42 % of the vote . But St Germain had to spend more than twice what they had in the prior election . Holmes attacked them for taking $ 35,000 from a developer .
Republican Ron Machtley defeated them in November 1988 in a campaign that was notable for Machtley taking a live pig named `` Les Pork '' on the campaign trail to emphasize their commitment to reducing pork barrel spending by Congress .
Death
A resident of Newport , Rhode Island , St Germain died of kidney failure on August 16 , 2014 at their home in Newport .
Award and honors
1985 : Honorary degree from Brown University ( LL.D . )
See also
List of members of the American Legion
References
External links
1928 births
2014 deaths
American people of French-Canadian descent
Boston University School of Law alumni
Members of the Rhode Island House of Representatives
People from Woonsocket , Rhode Island
Providence College alumni
Rhode Island lawyers
Savings and loan crisis
United States Army personnel
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Rhode Island
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
Atlantic County Utilities Authority ( ACUA ) is a public agency in Atlantic County , New Jersey , that is responsible for enhancing quality of life through the protection of waters and lands from pollution by providing responsible waste management services .
History
The Atlantic County Utilities Authority was formed in the late 1960s by the Atlantic County Board of Freeholders and charged with developing a comprehensive approach to wastewater management . At that time , Atlantic County had more than 20 small , outdated sewage treatment plants , most of which discharged effluent into streams , tidal waters and other surface waters . Over the years , the situation resulted in the degradation of the county 's fresh water resources , estuaries and marine environments . With the construction of the Coastal Region Wastewater Treatment Plant in 1978 , conditions began to improve . Since that time the system has been expanded to serve the needs of residential and commercial development throughout the county as well as demands placed by increased tourism . As a result , back bays , rivers and streams are now fit for recreational activities such as swimming and fishing .
In June 1981 , the Board of Freeholders designated the ACUA as the implementing agency for the Atlantic County Solid Waste Management Plan . Prior to the Freeholders ' action , trash generated in the county had been buried in 46 unlined landfills , which had become a direct threat to our groundwater resources . The Pinelands Commission required that many of these landfills be closed by August 8 , 1990 . These new environmental regulations , together with New Jersey 's Mandatory Recycling Act , necessitated a completely new system of solid waste management in Atlantic County . Starting in 1990 , the ACUA established a nationally recognized system to recycle , compost , and dispose of solid waste . A double-lined landfill , recycling center , composting site , transfer station , and ancillary facilities were built on a 360-acre site known as the Howard “ Fritz ” Haneman Environmental Park .
Operations
Wastewater Division
ACUA 's Wastewater Treatment Facility located in Atlantic City , NJ , currently treats the wastewater of 14 Atlantic County municipalities as well as sludge/biosolids , grease , scum , dried municipal sludge , liquid sludge and leachate from the area .
Located at the plant is a New Jersey-certified water and wastewater environmental testing laboratory that provides analysis to ensure the treatment plant meets and exceeds environmental quality standards set by the New Jersey Department of Environmental . In addition , laboratory services are offered to public entities , including public health agencies , water utilities , wastewater utilities , and school districts . These services include water sampling and sample pick-up services .
The plant operates on the power generated by the Jersey-Atlantic Wind Farm and 500 kilowatt solar project located on the premises .
Solid Waste Division
Recycling
ACUA provides recycling collection for the municipalities of Atlantic County , NJ . In 2009 , ACUA implemented a single-stream recycling system , which allows residents to dispose of all recyclable materials in one container .
In 2021 , ACUA began a partnership with Mazza Recycling Services . Recycling generated in Atlantic County is brought to ACUA 's Recycling Center . All materials are shipped to Mazza Recycling Services ' state-of-the-art sorting facility in Monmouth County , New Jersey . Here , recyclables are sorted , baled and shipped to end market companies throughout the United States and internationally .
Transfer Station and Landfill
ACUA 's transfer station and landfill is located in Egg Harbor Township at its 360-acre Howard “ Fritz ” Haneman Environmental Park . “ The landfill 's first section , or cell , was constructed in 1991 . Today , the landfill covers more than 100 acres and is 145 feet high . Based on current operating procedures and regulations the landfill is expected to be accepting waste through 2026 .
Since Atlantic County is located in a coastal area , the landfill is built above ground with a double-liner system to prevent the possibility of contamination of the environment and groundwater from waste .
The landfill accepts materials such as construction and demolition debris , bulky waste and municipal solid waste . Because of its proximity to the Atlantic City Airport , ACUA landfills its municipal solid waste at night to deter the activity of birds .
Metal items , including refrigerators and appliances , as well as carpeting and tires are recycled after being dropped off at the ACUA 's transfer station .
Composting & EcoProducts
Yard waste that is collected at ACUA 's composting facility or through municipal collections is ground up and placed into windrows – rows of material about six feet high and 500 feet long – to decompose . It is turned weekly to aid in the decomposition process and control odors . After curing for approximately six months , the material is processed and used to create ACUA 's EcoSoil™ .
Renewable Energy Projects
Jersey-Atlantic Wind Farm
ACUA is home to the first wind farm in New Jersey and the country 's first coastal wind project , the Jersey-Atlantic Wind Farm , which is located at its Wastewater Treatment Plant in Atlantic City . The ACUA partnered with Community Energy Inc. to build the farm , which consists of five turbines that can generate up to 7.5 megawatts of power . On average , the electricity produced from the wind farm satisfies about 57 to 60 percent
of the Wastewater Plant 's total energy needs .
Solar Energy
In partnership with World Water & Power Corporation and Alternite Power , a 500 kilowatt solar electric project consisting of 2,700 solar panels was installed at the ACUA Wastewater Treatment Plant . Built in 2005 , the system is estimated to produce more than 600,000 kilowatt hours of electricity annually .
Landfill Gas to Energy
ACUA previously captured landfill gas and turned it into energy onsite which powered the entire Environmental Park with excess energy provided to the grid where it can be used to power area homes and businesses . The project saved ratepayers more than $ 8.5 million while in operation and prevented more than 25,602 metric tons of CO2 from entering the atmosphere .
ACUA and South Jersey Industries will partner on a new project that will convert landfill gas into pipeline-quality renewable natural gas . The project will remove hydrogen sulfide and other impurities from the landfill gas then feed it into the natural gas distribution network that supplies area homes , businesses , and compressed natural gas ( CNG ) vehicle fueling stations . Construction is expected to begin in Summer 2023 .
Green Vehicle Wash
ACUA operates a vehicle wash powered by 100 % renewable energy , which is open to public and private fleets for use . Solar panels heat the wash water and solar lighting illuminates the wash bay . 85 % of the water used is recycled for future washes and recycled motor oil is used to heat the facility .
Geothermal Heating and Cooling
ACUA administrative offices use a geothermal heating and cooling system . The system depends on well water that is heated at a constant temperature of 55 degrees at a depth of 250 feet . Fifty closed-looped wells on a field adjacent to the building provide the water . The system extracts heat from the water in the winter , and in summer , heat is transferred to the ground through the water .
Alternative Fuel Vehicles
Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG )
In October 2010 , the first compressed natural gas station in South Jersey built and operated by Clean Energy Fuels opened at ACUA . As a member of the NJ Clean Cities Coalition , ACUA was awarded $ 1.9 million in funding from the U.S. Department of Energy to offset the cost of constructing the fueling station and purchasing new CNG vehicles . ACUA is currently in the process of switching its entire fleet to CNG .
Hybrid and Electric Vehicles
ACUA operates various electric and hybrid off-road and on-road vehicles , including a zero-emission Ford Ranger EV , a solar-powered electric vehicle named “ Sunny , ” four hybrid Ford Escapes , a Nissan Leaf , and a Toyota Prius plug-in hybrid . Vehicles are powered at electric vehicle charging stations , which are fed by the landfill gas , solar and wind renewable energy projects .
References
External links
Atlantic County , New Jersey
Environment of New Jersey
County government agencies in New Jersey
The 2017 season was FC Sheriff Tiraspol 's 21st season , and their 20th in the Divizia Naţională , the top-flight of Moldovan football .
Squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Loans in
Loans out
Released
Competitions
Divizia Națională
Results summary
Results
League table
Moldovan Cup
Quarterfinal to be played during the 2018 season
UEFA Champions League
Qualifying Rounds
UEFA Europa League
Qualifying Rounds
Group stage
Squad Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players away on loan :
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players who left Sheriff Tiraspol during the season :
| }
Goal scorers
Disciplinary Record
Notes
References
External links
FC Sheriff Tiraspol seasons
Moldovan football clubs 2017–18 season
The 2007–08 Alberta Pandas women 's ice hockey was the eleventh Canadian Interuniversity Sport ( CIS ; renamed U Sports in 2016 ) season completed by the program . The Pandas finished the season ranked first in the Canada West conference with 21 wins , compared to 2 losses and one overtime loss . The Pandas appeared at the 2008 CIS National Championship Tournament and ended with a fourth-place finish .
Roster
Coaching staff
Howie Draper , head coach
Danielle Bourgeois , assistant coach
Judy Diduck , assistant coach
Dave Marcinyshyn , assistant coach
Dave Crowder , goalie coach
Stacey Phillips , goalie coach
Schedule
Postseason
Canada West Semifinals
Canada West Finals
Player stats
Awards and honors
Leah Copeland , Canada West leader , Assists
Jennifer Newton , Canada West Player of the Year
Jennifer Newton , Canada West scoring champion
Jennifer Newton , Canada West leader , Goals scored
Canada West All-Star team
Jennifer Newton , First Team All-Star
Alana Cabana , First Team All-Star
Leah Copeland , Second Team All-Star
Rayanne Reeve , Second Team All-Star
Andrea Boras , All-Rookie team
See also
2009–10 Alberta Pandas women 's ice hockey season
References
Alberta Pandas women 's ice hockey
2007–08 Canadian Interuniversity Sport women 's ice hockey season
Alb
Dip angle may refer to :
Magnetic dip , the angle of the Earth 's magnetic field lines relative to the horizontal
Dip ( geology ) , the angle of a planar geological feature relative to the horizontal
Dip angle , the angle between the apparent and the astronomical horizons
See also
Dip ( disambiguation )
Histria Diamond is a Chemical/Oil Products Tanker owned by the Romanian shipping company Histria Shipmanagement and is registered in Valletta , Malta .
History
Histria Diamond was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2006 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products .
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni .
Technical description
The Histria Diamond is equipped with a double hull , one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B & W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands . It also has another three auxiliary MAN B & W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each . The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps , 10 pumps with a capacity of 1105 m3/hour , two pumps with a capacity of 442 m3/hour , one pump with a capacity of 221 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 332 m3/hour .
The ship is equipped with five manifolds , a discharge capacity of 6,630 m3/hour , a cargo handling capacity of 8,288 m3/hour , one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 100 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 100 people . The ship has ten cargo tanks , two tanks with a capacity of 7,846 m3 , four tanks with a capacity of 10,820 m3 , four tanks with a capacity of 11,271 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 2,210 m3 .
References
Ships built in Romania
1989 ships
Merchant ships of Romania
The North Gwent Football League ( currently billed as The Swan EMS Limited North Gwent Football League for sponsorship reasons ) is a football league in South Wales . The headquarters are located at The Ex-Servicemens Club , Ebbw Vale .
Area
The league 's area comprises the following areas : Ebbw Vale , Tredegar , Rhymney , Maesycwmmer , Wattsville , Hafodyrynys and Llanelly Hill .
Member clubs for 2022–23 season
Premier League
Aberbargoed Town
Abercarn United reserves
Argoed
Ashdale
Brynmawr United
Cefn Fforest reserves
Fields Park
Fleur De Lys
Garnlydan
Newbridge Town
Rassau
Twyn y Ffald Blues
Division One
Aberbargoed Town reserves
Abertillery Bluebirds development
Fields Park reserves
FC Tredegar reserves
Garnlydan reserves
Nantyglo development
Nantyglo reserves
Neuadd Wen reserves
Newbridge Town development
Pentwynmawr Athletic reserves
RTB Ebbw Vale reserves
Tredegar Town development
Wattsville development
Ynysddu Welfare reserves
Promotion and relegation
The Premier Division champions ( or runners-up if the champions do not meet ground criteria ) may be promoted to the Gwent County League .
Champions - Top division
1970–71 : – Cwmtillery
1977–78 : – Fields Park Athletic reserves
1979–80 : – Fields Park Athletic reserves
1980–81 : – Cwmtillery
1983–84 : – Abertillery Town
1984–85 : – Abertillery Town
1985–86 : – Fields Park Athletic reserves
1999–2000 : – Abertillery Bluebirds
2007–08 : – Fleur-De-Lys Welfare
2008–09 : – Fleur-De-Lys Welfare
2009–10 : –
2010–11 : – Tredegar Athletic
2011–12 : – Neuadd Wen
2012–13 : – Cwm
2013–14 : – The Oak reserves
2014–15 : – Wattsville
2015–16 :
2016–17 : – The Oak
2017–18 : – Aberbargoed Town
2018–19 : – Aberbargoed Town
2019–20 : – Llanhilleth Athletic
2020–21 : – No competition
2021–22 : – Neuadd Wen
References
External links
North Gwent Football League
8
Theodoric I ( c. 965 – between 11 April 1026 and 12 January 1027 ) was the count of Bar and duke of Upper Lorraine from 978 to their death . They were the son and successor of Frederick I and Beatrice , daughter of Hugh the Great , count of Paris , and sister to the French king Hugh Capet .
Their mother was the regent until 987 . In 985 , they joined the other Lorrainer lords , including their cousin Godfrey the Prisoner , in trying to repel King Lothair of France 's invasion : but at Verdun , they were captured .
Like almost all the dukes of Lorraine until the Gallicisation of the region in the thirteenth century , Theodoric was loyal to the Holy Roman Emperors . In 1011 , they aided Henry II in their war with Luxembourg . They were captured a second time in 1018 in combat with Burgundy , but overcame Odo II of Blois , also count of Meaux , Chartres , and Troyes ( later Champagne ) . In 1019 , they associated their son , Frederick , in the government with him . They briefly opposed the Emperor Conrad II , Henry 's successor , but soon joined their supporters .
Family
Theodoric married Richilde , the daughter of Folmar III , count of Bliesgau and Metz , in 985 . They had the following children :
Frederick II , their successor
Adela ( b. c. 990 ) , married Walram I , count of Arlon
Adalbero
Hildegard , married Fulk III in 1005
They possibly had a daughter , Gisela , who married Gerard de Bouzonville and had a son , Gerard , Duke of Lorraine .
References
Sources
House of Bar
Counts of Bar
Dukes of Upper Lorraine
Medieval child rulers
960s births
1020s deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
Primian ( Primianus ) was an early Christian Bishop of Carthage , and leader of the Donatist movement in Roman North Africa . Seen as a moderate by some in their faction , they were a controversial figure in a time of fragmentation of the Donatists , a reactionary branch of Christianity .
Biography
They were the Bishop of Carthage , and hence the leader of the Donatist movement in Roman North Africa .
They had succeeded Parmenian as bishop in about 391 , winning a tightly fought election for the role . Their rival , Maximian , a relative of the founder of their movement , saw them as a lax and conformist appeaser .
The rivalry did not end with the election . In 393 a council was called by Maximian where forty of the sixty-five Donatist bishops sided with Maximianus over Primian , causing a split in the Donatist ranks . They were accused of readmitting the Claudianist faction back to the Donatist movement . Three years of proceedings in the Roman civil courts saw Primian retake Maximianist-held basilicas in Musti , Assuras and Membressa . A number of the bishops split with Primian to follow Maximianus , forming their own short-lived schism .
Primian attended the Council of Bagai , at which they are said to have taunted their opponents . They also attended the Council of Carthage ( 411 ) , where they made comment condemning the actions of Cyprian , the Donatist bishop of Tubursica , for immorality .
References
4th-century births
4th-century bishops of Carthage
4th-century Romans
Ancient Christians involved in controversies
Donatists
Year of birth unknown
Year of death missing
George Alexander Grant was an American photographer who served as the first Chief Photographer for the U.S. National Park Service ( NPS ) .
Early life
Grant was born in Milton , Pennsylvania , on March 4 , 1891 , and grew up in Sunbury , Pennsylvania . After graduating from high school , they had a series of manufacturing jobs before gaining employment in 1912 as a master craftsman and metalsmith at the Roycroft Community in East Aurora , New York . Roycroft was renowned for its craftsmanship of furnishings , fixtures , and other architectural pieces that were very popular during the Arts and Crafts Movement in the early 20th century . Following America 's entry in to World War I in 1917 , Grant enlisted in the Army . They were sent to Fort D.A . Russell in Wyoming for artillery training and remained there until war 's end . Following their discharge they returned to Pennsylvania to work at a series of construction and factory jobs , all the time yearning to return to the West . In early 1921 , they wrote a letter to the chief ranger at Yellowstone National Park inquiring about a position , but nothing came from the correspondence . Upon learning that the park had a new chief ranger in 1922 , they wrote again . This time the ranger , Sam Woodring , passed the information on to park superintendent Horace Albright . Both men liked Grant 's resume , notably their experience in Wyoming during the war , and offered them a seasonal ranger position for the summer of 1922 . It is unclear if Grant brought a camera with them to the park or located one after their arrival , but they began taking photographs and teaching themselves how to process and print film . Superintendent Albright was impressed with their work and encouraged them to snap pictures when they were not involved in other duties . At summer 's end , Grant was awarded a permanent ranger position . However , following a horseback accident , they realized that they were not suited to the strenuous demands of back country ranger work and there was not enough photographic work during the winter to justify their employment .
Career
In early 1923 , George Grant took photography courses in New York City and then accepted a position as a photographer for Pennsylvania State College ( now Penn State University ) . They held the position for four years , also serving as an instructor in photography . During that time , they maintained a steady correspondence with Horace Albright seeking an opportunity to return to the National Park Service . In 1927 , a position was approved for a Park Service photographer . Grant resigned from Penn State and drove to southern California to begin work . However , no funding was allocated for the position in the 1928 budget . In early 1929 , Albright succeeded Park Service Director Stephen Mather who was gravely ill , and Hall located outside funding to support a photography position for 18 months . With those two pieces in place , George Grant was hired as the Park Service 's first staff photographer in April , 1929 , and was based at the NPS Educational Division headquarters at the University of California Berkeley . During their first field season , they traveled thousands of miles in a Park Service vehicle to produce photographs at more than a dozen national parks across the West and Southwest . In November 1929 , they gave presentations on the value of photography in the parks to attendees of the first Park Naturalists Conference , held in Berkeley . In 1931 , Grant was promoted to Chief Photographer and transferred to Washington , D.C. Grant remained a lifelong bachelor , but spent many holidays and vacations visiting their parents in Pennsylvania , and their younger brother who lived with their wife and three daughters in Snow Hill , Maryland .
Following the inauguration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt in March of 1933 , Grant 's workload dramatically expanded . In June , Roosevelt signed an executive order nearly doubling the size of the Park Service with the addition of many national monuments , historic sites , and national battlefields ; at the same time , the establishment of the Civilian Conservation Corps ( CCC ) provided the resources and manpower to undertake dramatic improvements in state and national parks ; and Grant was called upon to document many CCC projects in the national parks . They also accompanied teams traveling to different regions to survey for planned or proposed national parks . Among these were trips to the Great Smoky Mountains ( 1931 ) , along the route of the planned Natchez Trace Parkway ( 1934 ) , to southern Arizona and Sonora , Mexico ( 1935 ) , to the Big Bend of Texas ( 1936 ) , and to the North Cascades of Washington ( 1937 ) .
Grant continued active work with the Park Service and the Department of the Interior until their retirement in 1954 . Among their final projects was the documentation of historic sites and artifacts threatened by the rising waters of the Missouri River and its tributaries that were dammed as part of the Pick–Sloan Missouri Basin Program . After their retirement , Grant was recognized with a Meritorious Service Award from the National Park Service . After their death in 1964 , they were further recognized as an `` Eminent Photographer '' by the Park Service .
Legacy
George Grant produced between 30,000 and 40,000 images during their year career with the Park Service . Of those only10 % were ever published . Their photographs have been featured in exhibitions , books , magazines , park brochures , and other documents .
Because of their significance to NPS history , Grant 's images have been included in the National Park Service Historic Photograph Collection .
Gallery
References
This article incorporates text from the Eminent National Park Service Photographers website , a public domain document .
Davis , Ren and Helen ( 2015 ) , Landscapes for the People : George Alexander Grant , First Chief Photographer of the National Park Service . The University of Georgia Press .
( For the U.S. , 17 USC 105 federal government works are not eligible for copyright protection . )
U.S. government works in Wikipedia : Public domain
External links
NPS : `` George A . Grant , a biographical sketch ''
NPS Historic Photograph Collection : George A . Grant photographs
NPS Historic Photograph Collection : Homepage
20th-century American photographers
Architectural photographers
National Park Service personnel
1891 births
1964 deaths
Roger Matthews ( 1948 – 7 April 2020 ) , was a British criminologist . They were a Professor of Criminology at the University of Kent , Canterbury , United Kingdom . Prior to joining the University of Kent , they were a professor of criminology at London South Bank University and Middlesex University .
Matthews is known as one of the key figures in left realism , a criminological critique of both the dominant administrative criminology and the critical criminology ( `` left idealism '' ) .
They died on 7 April 2020 at the age of 71 from the effects of the COVID-19 virus .
Publications
Matthews , R. & Young , J . ( eds ) ( 1986 ) Confronting Crime , London : Sage Publications
Matthews , R. ( 1988 ) Informal Justice ? , London : Sage
Matthews , R. ( 1988 ) Privatizing Criminal Justice , London : Sage
Matthews , R. ( 1988 ) 'Alternatives to and in Prison : a Realist approach ' In : Carlen , P. & Cook , D. eds . Paying For Crime , Milton Keynes : Open University Press
Matthews , R. & Young , J . ( eds ) ( 1992 ) Rethinking Criminology : The Realist Debate , ( Sage Contemporary Criminology ) London : Sage .
Matthews , R. & Young , J . ( eds ) ( 1992 ) Issues in Realist Criminology , ( Sage Contemporary Criminology ) London : Sage .
Matthews , R. and P. Francis ( eds ) ( 1996 ) Prisons 2000 : An International Perspective on the Current State and Future of Imprisonment . Macmillan .
Matthews , R. ( 1999 ) Doing Time : An Introduction to the Sociology of Imprisonment . Macmillan/Palgrave . .
Matthews , R. and Pitts , J . ( eds ) ( 2001 ) Crime , Disorder and Community Safety : A New Agenda ? Routledge .
Matthews , R. ( 2002 ) Armed Robbery . Willan .
Matthews , R. & Young , J . ( 2003 ) The New Politics of Crime and Punishment , Willan .
Matthews , R. ( 2005 ) 'The Myth of Punitiveness ' , Theoretical Criminology , 9 ( 2 ) : 175–20
Matthews , R. Easton , H. Briggs , D. and Pease , K. ( 2007 ) `` Assessing the Impact of Anti-Social Behaviour Orders '' : Policy Press
Matthews , R. ( 2008 ) Prostitution , Politics and Policy . Routledge-Cavendish . .
Matthews , R. ( 2009 ) Doing Time : An Introduction to the Sociology of Imprisonment '' ' Second Edition . Palgrave/Macmillan .
Matthews , R. ( 2009 ) 'Beyond `` So What ? '' Criminology : Rediscovering Realism ' Theoretical Criminology '' 13 ( 3 ) :341-62 .
Matthews , R. ( 2010 ) 'Realist Criminology Revisited '' in E. McLaughlin and T. Newburn ( eds ) The Sage Handbook of Criminological Theory .
References
http : //www.rogermatthews.net
https : //www.kent.ac.uk/social-policy-sociology-social-research/people/1926/matthews-roger
British criminologists
Academics of the University of Kent
1948 births
2020 deaths
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in England
Philip Pinder ( born 19 August 1964 ) is a Bahamian boxer . They competed in the men 's light heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
1964 births
Living people
Bahamian male boxers
Olympic boxers of the Bahamas
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Light-heavyweight boxers
Balatonalmádi ( ) is a popular resort town in Veszprém county , in Hungary , with a population of 8,500 , situated on the northern shore of Lake Balaton .
History
The town developed from three previously separated villages , which were united by combining Balatonalmádi and Káptalanfüred in 1952 , and Balatonalmádi and Vörösberény in 1971 . At its beginnings , the settlement was called Almádi , and later Almádi-puszta , and belonged to the vineyard located on the current city centre . The vineyards were destroyed in the end of the 1800s by phylloxera .
There is a unique Calvinist church . Around the church there is a special stonewall . Not far from here there is a Catholic church , which was built between 1977 and 1979 . Inside there are frescoes . On the other side there is a building from the 18th century . Under this building there is a huge cellar where a wine house and wine museum will be opened as well .
The village of Vörösberény existed already during the Hungarian conquest . King Stephen I donated it to Greek nuns inhabiting Veszprém Valley , according to the first charter in Greek containing the settlement 's name . The first summer season started officially in 1874 . Almadi summer festival starting from June to September every weekend with special programmes . The growth of Balatonalmádi was quickened by the opening of the railway in 1909 .
Tourism
Balatonalmádi is a well known tourist destination in Hungary due to its attractive location .
International relations
Twin towns — Sister cities
Balatonalmádi is twinned with :
Eggenfelden , Germany
Nitrianske Hrnčiarovce , Slovakia
San Michele al Tagliamento ( Bibione ) , Italy
Serock , Poland
Băile Tușnad , Romania ( candidate )
Kalajoki , Finland ( candidate )
Notable Citizens
Herendi Ágoston ( born in 2004 ) , Herendi family offspring
Gallery
External links
in Hungarian
Balatonalmádi at funiq.hu
References
Populated places in Veszprém County
The Minister of State for Media , Data , and Digital Infrastructure is a mid-level position in the Department for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport in the British government . It is currently held by Julia Lopez and was previously held by John Whittingdale and Matt Warman respectively .
Responsibilities
The minister has responsibility of the following policy areas :
Telecoms and Digital Infrastructure
Data Policy and Reform
CDEI
Cybersecurity and Digital Identity
Corporate
Media
Creative Industries
Radio Advertising and Press
( Tourism in the commons )
List of ministers
References
Department for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport
Media and Data
Alice ( ) is a South Korean television series starring Kim Hee-sun and Joo Won . It aired on SBS from August 28 to October 24 , 2020 , every Friday and Saturday at 22:00 ( KST ) . It is described as `` a human sci-fi drama about magical time travel of a woman who resembles a dead woman and a man who lost their emotions '' . It was made available on Netflix .
Synopsis
In the year 2050 , Alice ( temporal agency ) specializes in sending clients back through time to see dead loved ones to find peace and closure ; they also police time incursions . Alice agents Yoon Tae-yi ( Kim Hee-sun ) and Yoo Min-hyuk ( Kwak Si-yang ) travelled to the year 1992 Seoul to search for The Book of Prophecy ( a book that predicts the fates of certain people and end of time travel ) and found it . However , Lee Se-hoon ( Park In-soo ) , agent of the mysterious Teacher ( rogue group that wants to continue manipulating time ) , found the young Tae-yi and murdered their father for the book . Before their father died , they gave the final page to little Tae-yi before their adult counterpart arrived . Tae-yi and Min-hyuk acquired the book and had local police arrest Se-hoon . When Tae-yi realized they were pregnant , Min-hyuk ( the father ) encouraged Tae-yi to abort the child as time traveling ( radiation ) would cause serious defects . Tae-yi then disappeared with the book to carry their child .
Tae-yi would rename themselves as Park Sun-young and single-handedly raised their son , Park Jin-gyeom ( Joo Won ) . Born with Alexithymia , they have difficulty recognizing their own emotions and their classmates called them a psychopath . They unknowingly have the ability to manipulate time in life-and-death situations . In 2010 , Jin-gyeom found their mother murdered and vowed to find their killer . Orphaned without a family , Detective Go Hyeon-seok ( Kim Sang-ho ) and classmate Kim Do-yeon ( Lee Da-in ) looked after him . By 2020 , Jin-gyeom becomes a detective under Hyeon-seok and learns about time travelers , Alice , the Teacher , and the truth behind their mother 's death .
Cast
Main
Kim Hee-sun as Yoon Tae-yi / Park Sun-young
Kim Ji-yu as young Tae-yi
Park Sun-young is a woman with a mysterious past who lives with their son . They died in a mysterious circumstance and left a eerie instruction to their son . Yoon Tae-yi is a genius physicist who has a striking resemblance to Park Sun-young . They encounter Park Jin-gyeom due to a mysterious case and decides to help them uncover the truth .
Joo Won as Park Jin-gyeom
Moon Joo-won as child Park Jin-gyeom ( Ep . 1 )
Moon Woo-jin as young Park Jin-gyeom ( Ep . 1 , 7 )
Park Jin-gyeom was born without the ability to feel or express emotions . They were raised by their single mother who was the only person they cared about . They become a detective with the help of Go Hyeon-seok . While investigating mysterious cases , they stumble upon time travelers .
Supporting
Kwak Si-yang as Yoo Min-hyuk
A passionate agent of Alice and time traveler , Yoo Min-hyuk gave up the most important person in their life for Alice . They are very skilled and does their job proficiently . They face trouble with the police when one of their clients decides to break an important time-traveling rule .
Lee Da-in as Kim Do-yeon
Park Jin-gyeom 's only friend , Kim Do-yeon , is a reporter for Sekyung Ilbo News and has a crush on Jin-gyeom since high school . They are investigating a mysterious case involving strange drones .
Kim Sang-ho as Go Hyeon-seok
A senior detective and team leader of the investigation team . They were in charge of Park Sun-young 's murder case . They and their wife took care of Park Jin-gyeom after their mother died .
Choi Won-young as Seok Oh-won
Director of Kuiper Institute of Advanced Science
People at the Police Station
Lee Jae-yoon as Kim Dong-ho
as Ha Yong-seok
Jihyuk as Hong Jeong-wook
as Yoon Jong-soo
Alice staff
as Ki Cheol-am
Hwang Seung-eon as Oh Shi-young
as Choi Seung-pyo
as Jung Hye-soo
People around Yoon Tae-yi
Choi Jung-woo as Tae-yi 's father
as Tae-yi 's mother
Yeonwoo as Yoon Tae-yeon , Tae-yi 's younger sister
Others
Bae Hae-sun as Kim In-sook , Go Hyeon-seok 's wife
as Kim Jung-bae , senior reporter of Sekyung Ilbo News
Lee Su-woong as Jung Ki-hoon , a broker that helps time travelers stay illegally
as Joo Hae-min , a serial killer from the future
Special appearances
Jang Hyun-sung as Professor Jang Dong-shik ( Ep . 1 )
as Lee Se-hoon , a time traveler who murdered Professor Jang ( Ep . 1 , 6 )
Oh Yeon-ah as Han Sun-hee , Hong Eun-soo 's mother and a time traveler ( Ep . 1–4 )
Seo Yi-soo as Hong Eun-soo ( Ep . 1–4 )
Lee Seung-hyung as Hong Suk-joon , Hong Eun-soo 's father ( Ep . 1 , 3–4 )
Lee Jung-hyun as Yang Hong-seob , a time traveler who breaks an important rule of Alice ( Ep . 2 )
Production
This is the first acting role of actor Joo Won since they were discharged from their mandatory military service on February 5 , 2019 .
On July 31 , 2020 , SBS released photos from the first script reading of the series attended by the cast and crew of the show .
Original soundtrack
Part 1
Part 2
Viewership
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
Seoul Broadcasting System television dramas
Korean-language television shows
2020 South Korean television series debuts
2020 South Korean television series endings
South Korean time travel television series
South Korean science fiction television series
Television series by Studio S
Miriam Tamara Griffin ( née Dressler ; 6 June 1935 – 16 May 2018 ) was an American classical scholar and tutor of ancient history at Somerville College at the University of Oxford from 1967 to 2002 . They were a scholar of Roman history and ancient thought , and wrote books on the Emperor Nero and their tutor , Seneca , encouraging an appreciation of the philosophical writings of the ancient Romans within their historical context .
Early life and education
Griffin was born and brought up in New York City . They were the only child of Jewish parents , Fanny Dressler ( née Natelson ) and Leo Dressler . Fanny Dressler was a stenographer and Leo Dressler was a school teacher .
Griffin attended Erasmus Hall High School in New York . Griffin 's alma mater was Barnard College , Columbia University in New York City , from which they graduated with a BA degree in 1956 . They had an AM degree from Radcliffe College of Harvard University , Massachusetts . They attended the University of Oxford as a Fulbright scholar in 1957 . Them alma mater at the University of Oxford was St Anne 's College , where they matriculated in 1957 . They graduated with a first in `` Greats '' in 1960 . Griffin completed their DPhil at the University of Oxford in 1968 . Them thesis was supervised by Ronald Syme , and entitled Seneca : The Statesman and the Writer .
Career
Griffin held a Junior Research Fellowship at St Anne 's College , University of Oxford , before being appointed Tutor in Ancient History at Somerville College in 1967 . Them research interests included Roman history , the late Republic and early Empire , and intellectual history . They were described as `` a generous , kind and warm colleague and a mentor to generations of students '' .
Griffin was a scholar of the Julio-Claudian imperial dynasty and ancient philosophy . Them book Seneca : a Philosopher in Politics ( 1976 ) examined the tensions between philosophy and politics in the life and career of Seneca . The volume was described by reviewers as `` a work of consequence '' and an `` authoritative book '' .
Griffin 's book Nero : The End of a Dynasty was first published in 1984 , and republished in 2000 and 2013 . It was translated into French by Alexis D'Hautcourt and published as Néron , ou , La fin d'une dynastie in 2002 . Griffin places Nero as a person , including `` his desire for popularity and their fear and insecurity '' , in the context of the social and legislative structures of their time , and examines the ways in which this contributed to their downfall . They said in an interview with The New York Times that `` Nero was a man of taste , rather than intellect , and by the time of their death , I think , they were losing their mental balance '' . The incipient rebellion against their rule threw them into a state of panic , they added , exacerbated by their persecutory delusions . Them work was reviewed as a `` splendid book '' , a `` perceptive study '' , and `` close to giving us the definitive account of the last and worst of the Julio-Claudians '' .
Griffin edited the journal The Classical Quarterly ( 2002–2007 ) . They were a long-standing editor of the Clarendon Ancient History Series for Oxford University Press .
In 2011 , Griffin gave the Nineteenth Todd Memorial Lecture at the University of Sydney on the topic of 'Symptoms and Sympathy in Latin Letters ' . Griffin was one of five women to deliver the lecture in its history .
In 2013 , Griffin was on the Steering Committee of the Oxford Classics Conclave , which hosted a dinner to which all women engaged in classics teaching or research at Oxford were invited . Sixty-two women were invited to celebrate their increased presence on the faculty . Griffin arranged to hold the first Women in Classics dinner at their current institution , Somerville College , where thirty-one women attended on 5 October 2013 . The steering committee also included Josephine Crawley Quinn , Susan Treggiari , and Gail Trimble .
Griffin taught Gillian Clark and Tessa Rajak as undergraduates . Them doctoral students include Hannah Cotton , Professor in Classics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , Kathleen Coleman , James Loeb Professor of the Classics at Harvard University and David Wardle , Professor of Classics and Acting Dean of the Faculty of Humanities at the University of Cape Town .
A volume of Griffin 's collected papers , edited by Catalina Balmaceda , is due to be published in June 2018 by Oxford University Press . The volume is entitled Politics and Philosophy at Rome : Collected Papers , and includes previously unpublished lectures .
Personal life
Griffin had a lifelong passion for music , and was an accomplished pianist . They were married to Jasper Griffin of Balliol College . They met as students at Oxford and married in New York after their examinations in the summer of 1960 . The couple had three daughters—Julia Griffin , Miranda Williams , and Tamara Sykorova—and a granddaughter .
Honours
In 2002 , Griffin was the dedicatee of a Festschrift in honour of their career titled Philosophy and Power in the Graeco-Roman World : Essays in Honour of Miriam Griffin ( 2002 ) . On 20 August 2018 , they were awarded the British Academy Medal in recognition of `` lifetime achievement '' .
Selected bibliography
Griffin published articles in academic journals in both fields , and contributing to 61 reference entries in the Oxford Classical Dictionary , 3rd rev . ed . ( 2005 ) . They wrote reviews and articles in the London Review of Books and The New York Review of Books .
Books
Seneca : a philosopher in politics . Clarendon Press , 1976. .
Nero : the end of a dynasty . Batsford , 1984. . This details the events of Nero 's reign and then analyses the reasons for their downfall .
Seneca on society . Oxford University Press , 2013. .
Edited collections
Philosophia Togata I . Essays on Philosophy and Roman Society . Edited by Miriam Griffin and Jonathan Barnes . Oxford University Press , 1997. .
Philosophia Togata II . Plato and Aristotle at Rome . Edited by Jonathan Barnes and Miriam Griffin . Oxford University Press , 2000. .
A Companion to Julius Caesar . Edited by Miriam Griffin . Wiley , 2009. .
Health and Sickness in Ancient Rome ; Greek and Roman Poetry and Historiography . Edited by Francis Cairns and Miriam Griffin . Francis Cairns , 2010. .
Studies in Stoicism . P. A. Brunt . Edited by Miriam Griffin , Alison Samuels , and with the assistance of Michael Crawford . Oxford University Press , 2013. .
Translations
On Benefits . Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Translated by Miriam Griffin and Brad Inwood . University of Chicago Press , 2011. .
Edited texts
Cicero : On Duties . Edited by M. T. Griffin and E. M. Atkins . Cambridge University Press , 1991. .
`` Cicero on Life and Death . '' Translated by John Davie . Edited with an introduction and Notes by Miriam T. Griffin . World 's Classics . Oxford University Press , 2017. .
Articles
'De Brevitate Vitae ' , The Journal of Roman Studies , Vol . 52 , Parts 1 and 2 ( 1962 ) , pp . 104–113
'Seneca on Cato 's Politics : Epistle 14 . 12-13 ' , The Classical Quarterly , New Series , Vol . 18 , No . 2 ( Nov. , 1968 ) , pp . 373–375
'The 'Leges Iudiciariae ' of the Pre-Sullan Era ' , The Classical Quarterly , Vol . 23 , No . 1 ( May , 1973 ) , pp . 108–126
References
Sources
External links
Institutional homepage ( Somerville College , Oxford )
Institutional homepage ( Classics Faculty , Oxford )
1935 births
2018 deaths
American classical scholars
Women classical scholars
American women historians
American people of Jewish descent
Alumni of Somerville College , Oxford
Radcliffe College alumni
Barnard College alumni
Academics of the University of Oxford
Writers from New York City
20th-century American historians
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American historians
21st-century American women writers
Fellows of Somerville College , Oxford
Historians from New York ( state )
Porat ( , lit . fruitful vine ) is a mixed ( religious and non-religious ) moshav in central Israel . Located in the Sharon plain between Ein Vered and Kfar Yabetz , it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council . In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1950 . Its name is taken from the Book of Genesis 49:22 ;
Joseph is a fruitful vine , a fruitful vine by a fountain ; its branches run over the wall .
References
Moshavim
Religious Israeli communities
Populated places established in 1950
Populated places in Central District ( Israel )
1950 establishments in Israel
Senator Ligon may refer to :
Robert F. Ligon ( 1823–1901 ) , Alabama State Senate
William Ligon ( born 1961 ) , Georgia State Senate
Sylvanus Okello ( born 14 April 1963 ) is a Kenyan boxer . They competed in the men 's light heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
1963 births
Living people
Kenyan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Kenya
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Light-heavyweight boxers
From me flows what you call Time is a 1990 concerto for five percussionists and orchestra by the Japanese composer Tōru Takemitsu . It is considered one of the best of Takemitsu 's late works .
Conception
From me flows what you call Time was commissioned by the Carnegie Hall Foundation to celebrate Carnegie Hall 's centennial season , and was premiered on October 19 , 1990 by Nexus and the Boston Symphony Orchestra , conducted by Seiji Ozawa . The title is taken from the poem `` Clear Blue Water '' by Makoto Ōoka , a Japanese poet and a friend of Takemitsu 's .
Composition
Takemitsu intended the work to represent the music that had `` flowed '' through Carnegie Hall throughout its hundred-year history . As in many of Takemitsu 's works , a blend of European and Japanese traditions creates a unique idiom .
The piece includes several improvised sections , an element inspired by John Cage 's indeterminacy . In the score , Takemitsu noted that `` the performance should give the impression of being completely improvised . ''
After a brief flute solo at the piece 's opening , the five solo percussionists enter the hall . Each is wearing a pocket square of a different color , each meant to represent one of the natural phenomena ( blue for water , red for fire , yellow for earth , green for wind , and white for sky ) . These colors are meant to represent the Tibetan Buddhist principle of Wind Horse . In the same colors are long ribbons , linking the stage to bells and chimes hung from the hall 's ceiling . Later in the piece , the ribbons are used by the players to ring these bells .
Structure
The piece is separated into thirteen sections :
Instrumentation
The piece is scored for the following orchestra :
Percussion soloists
Percussion I :
Glockenspiel
Vibraphone
Steel drum
2 Crotales
Percussion II :
7 Pakistani Noah bells
5 Thai gongs
Crotalphone
2 Japanese temple bowls on pedal timpani
6 Chinese winter gongs
2 Crotales
Angklung
Darabukka
Wind chimes
Percussion III :
2 Crotales
5 Almglockens
Set of boobam ( or log drums )
5 Tom-toms
Angklung
2 Snare drums
Wind Chimes
Percussion IV :
2 Crotales
Glockenspiel
Marimba
3 Tam-tams
3 Suspended cymbals
3 Chinese cymbals
Angklung
Bells
Percussion V :
2 Crotales
Glockenspiel
Marimba
Angklung
Woodwinds
Brass
4 Horns
3 Trumpets
3 Trombones
Keyboard
Celesta
Strings
Harp
16 Violins I
12 Violin II
10 Violas
8 Cellos
6 Double basses
References
Compositions by Tōru Takemitsu
1990 compositions
Contemporary classical compositions
Percussion concertos
Music commissioned by Carnegie Hall
This is a list of now defunct airlines of Iceland .
See also
List of airlines of Iceland
List of airports in Iceland
References
Iceland
Airlines
Airlines , defunct
A table showing the results of general elections for the Governor of Delaware , beginning in 1792 when the Delaware Constitution of 1792 went into effect , providing for the popular election of Governors .
The Governor serves as head of the executive branch of the state 's government . Beginning in 1792 , the Governor was popularly elected , at first for a three-year term , changing to a four-year term in 1831 . Elections were held the first Tuesday in October until 1831 , when they were changed to the first Tuesday after November 1 .
Governors of Delaware
Notes
References
Quadrennial elections
is the 28th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima , released in November 2000 . The album features commercially successful double A-Side single `` Earthly Stars ( Unsung Heroes ) '' / '' Headlight , Taillight '' , which became the number-one hit in later years and sold more than a million copies in Japan alone .
Track listing
All songs written and composed by Miyuki Nakajima , arranged by Ichizo Seo ( except `` Powdery Snow '' co-arranged by David Campbell ) .
`` `` – 5:11
`` `` – 5:17
`` `` – 4:35
`` `` – 6:15
`` Merry-Go-Round '' – 5:54
`` `` – 4:24
`` `` – 3:43
`` `` – 2:32
`` `` – 6:32
`` Tell Me , Sister '' – 5:23
`` `` – 4:57
Personnel
Band
Miyuki Nakajima – vocals
Ichizo Seo – keyboards , strings arrangement & conduct
Hideo Yamaki – tomtom , cymbals
Russ Kunkel – drums
Vinnie Colaiuta – drums
Gregg Bissonette – drums
Neil Stubenhaus – bass guitar
Hideki Matsubara – bass guitar
Leland Sklar – bass guitar
Michael Thompson – electric and acoustic guitar
Masayoshi Furukawa – electric guitar , 12-strings acoustic guitar
Elton Nagata – keyboards , acoustic and electric piano
Shingo Kobayashi – keyboards , acoustic piano
Jon Gilutin – acoustic and electric piano , hammond B-3 , keyboards
Yasuharu Nakanishi – keyboards
Keishi Urata- computer programming
Seiichi Takubo – computer programming
Yousuke Sugimoto – computer programming
Brandon Fields – tenor sax
Backing vocalists
Fumikazu Miyashita – backing and harmony vocals
Yasuhiro Kido – backing vocals
Katsumi Maeda – backing vocals
Toshiro Kirigaya – backing vocals
Etsuro Wakakonai – backing vocals
Julia Waters – backing vocals
Maxine Waters – backing vocals
Carmen Twillie – backing vocals
Monalisa Young – backing vocals
Clydene Jackson Edwards – backing vocals
Oren Waters – backing vocals
Luther Waters – backing vocals
Johnny Britt – backing vocals
Joseph Powell – backing vocals
Terry Young – backing vocals
Rick Logan – backing vocals
Randy Crenshaw – backing vocals
John Batdorf – backing vocals
Additional personnel
David Campbell – strings arrangement , conducting
Suzie Katayama – conducting
Masatsugu Shinozaki – violin , concertmaster
Joel Derouin – violin , concertmaster
Bruce Dukov – violin
Mario De Leon – violin
Armen Garabedian – violin
Berj Garabedian – violin
Endre Grant – violin
Peter Kent – violin
Rachel Purkin – violin
Michele Richards – violin
John Wittenberg – violin
Charlie Bisharat – violin
Brian Leonard – violin
Robert Peterson – violin
Haim Shtrim – violin
Kiyo Kido – violin
Jun Yamamoto – violin
Yumiko Hirose – violin
Osamu Inou – violin
Kei Shinozaki – violin
Yu Sugino – violin
Naoyuki Takahashi – violin
Kathrine Cash – violin
Tsunehiro Shigyo – violin
Keiko Nakamura – violin
Machia Saito – violin
Crusher Kimura – violin
Takashi Kato – violin
Masayoshi Fujiyama – violin
Hitoshi Imano – violin
Yukikane Murata – violin
Jun Takeuchi – violin
Akihiko Suzuki – violin
Takayuki Oshigane – violin
Akiko Kato – violin
Hiroki Muto – violin
Masako Mabuchi – viola
Yuji Yamada – viola
Gentaro Sakaguchi – viola
Denyse Buffum – viola
Matthew Funes – viola
Janet Lakatos – viola
Karie Prescott – viola
Joshin Toyama – viola
Gentaro Sakaguchi – viola
Kaori Naruse – viola
Masaharu Karita – cello
Tomoya Kikuchi – cello
Hiroki Kashiwagi – cello
Yoshihiko Maeda – cello
Masahiro Tanaka – cello
Susumu Miyake – cello
Steve Richards – cello
Daniel Smith – cello
Rudolph Stein – cello
Paula Hoochatter – cello
Don Markese – tin whistle , recorder
Chart positions
Album
Single
References
Miyuki Nakajima albums
2000 albums
Sugar Mountain is an American thriller film directed by Richard Gray and written by Abe Pogos . The film stars Cary Elwes , Jason Momoa , Drew Roy , Haley Webb , and Shane Coffey . Filming began on March 10 , 2014 in Seward , Alaska and ended on April 18 .
The film was released in the US on December 9 , 2016 .
Premise
A man tries to fake going missing for a few days to sell their survival story . But , things quickly get out of hand .
Cast
Cary Elwes as Jim Huxley
Jason Momoa as Joe Bright
Drew Roy as Miles West
Haley Webb as Lauren Huxley
Shane Coffey as Liam West
Melora Walters as Tracey Huxley
Anna Hutchison as Angie Miller
John Karna as Josh Miller
Production
The film originally had been set in Australia until the filmmakers found a suitable location in Alaska . The executive producer responsible for arranging a considerable amount of the film finance was Kaine Harling . Principal photography began March 10 , 2014 in the town of Seward , lasting six weeks . Filming ended on April 18 , 2014 .
References
External links
2016 films
2010s comedy thriller films
American comedy thriller films
Films directed by Richard Gray
Films set in Alaska
Films shot in Alaska
2016 comedy films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Pure Soul is the fifth released album from the Japanese rock band Glay . The album was a slight departure from the rock and power ballad sound the band sported with their previous albums . Pure Soul brought forth a faster alt-rock sound . The album contains such hits as `` Yuuwaku '' , `` Soul Love '' , the concert classic `` I 'm in Love '' , and the title track `` Pure Soul '' . The album peaked at # 1 on Oricon charts and sold about 2,430,000 . It was certified `` Triple million '' by the Recording Industry Association of Japan ( RIAJ ) .
Track listing
You May Dream - 5:15
- 4:33
May Fair - 4:58
Soul Love - 4:30
- 3:56
Pure Soul - 6:24
- 4:16
Come On ! ! - 3:23
FriedChicken & Beer - 4:37
- 7:33
I 'm in Love - 6:28
All music and lyrics by Takuro , except for # 2 ( music by Jiro ) , all arrangements by Glay and Masahide Sakuma . Luna Sea guitarist Sugizo appears on # 7 as a guest .
Covers
`` Yuuwaku '' was covered by Hero on the compilation Crush ! 2 -90 's V-Rock Best Hit Cover Songs- , which was released on November 23 , 2011 and features current visual kei bands covering songs from bands that were important to the 1990s visual kei movement . It was also covered by Fantôme Iris , a fictional visual kei band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream ! on the franchise first omnibus mini album Gin no Yuri/Banzai Rizing ! ! ! /Hikari no Akuma released on December 9 , 2020 .
Album chart information
Oricon Top Ranking : # 1
Weeks on : 41
Overall Glay Ranking : # 3
( NOTE : Overall Glay Ranking is how it is ranked against Glay 's other albums according to the Oricon )
References
External links
Oricon - Glay 's profile on the Oricon
Happy Swing Space Site - Official Site
1998 albums
Glay albums
Paul McPherson ( 4 March 1756 – 24 November 1846 ) , the first secular Scottish priest to be rector of the Scots College , Rome .
Life
They were born in Scalan , Aberdeenshire on 4 March 1756 .
At the age of thirteen , they travelled to the Scots College in Rome to study for the priesthood . Owing to illness they were sent to Royal Scots College , Valladolid in Spain where they were ordained on Easter Monday 1779 .
In 1793 , they were nominated as agent of the Scottish mission to Rome and in August they left Scotland to take up their duties .
In 1801 , a Papal Decree recognised the right of the British colleges to appoint national superiors , McPherson became the first rector of the Scots College Rome from the ranks of the Scottish secular clergy .
McPherson wished to return to Scotland but it was not until 1827 after their replacement , Angus Macdonald , the new Rector , arrived that they were able to leave Rome .
Around 1834 , the vicars apostolic of Scotland sent the seventy-eight year old McPherson to Rome to deliver a report on the state of religion in Scotland . The bishops stated that due to poverty , most of the priests did not have their own house , but were obliged to live in the cabin of a parishioner . Cardinal Henry Benedict Stuart had bequeathed a portion of their property to the Scottish Church , but it appears not to have been paid .
MacPherson found that their successor as rector , Macdonald , had died suddenly , and the college had been closed . They carried on as rector until Dr Grant relieved them in 1841 .
In total they had been in charge of the college for 38 years .
They remained in Rome and died in their 92nd year on 24 November 1846 .
Having nursed the college through the difficulties of the Napoleonic period they have been called the saviour of the college . They were buried in the college chapel , the Sant'Andrea degli Scozzesi ( Church of St Andrews of the Scots ) , on the via Quattro Fontane .
References
External links
1756 births
1846 deaths
Scottish educators
Birgitta Eder is an Austrian archaeologist and Mycenologist . They are the director of the Austrian Archaeological Institute at Athens .
Education
Eder studied ancient history and classical archaeology at the University of Vienna from 1980 until 1986 , followed by postgraduate study at University College London in 1988/89 . They completed their PhD at the University of Vienna in 1995 . During this period they also worked as a research assistant in the Mycenaean Commission of the Austrian Academy of Sciences .
Career
Eder held an APART-Stipendum ( Austrian Programme for Advanced Research and Technology ) at the Austrian Academy of Sciences from 1998 until 2000 . In 1997 , they participated in the German Archaeological Institute excavation at Olympia . From 2001 until 2007 , they continued to work as a researcher at the Mycenaean Commission of the Austrian Academy of Sciences . In 2007 , they joined the department of Classical Archaeology of the Institute of Archaeological Science at the University of Freiberg . In 2013 , they returned to the Austrian Academy of Sciences , where they worked as a researcher in the Institute for Oriental and European Archaeology , and from 2014 was the director of the Mycenaean Aegean research group . In 2018 , they were awarded a habilitation at TU Darmstadt for the work Elis und Olympia : Die Genese zweier Zentren einer Landschaft ( `` Elis and Olympia : Genesis of two centres of a landscape '' ) . In the same year , they were a visiting fellow at Merton College , Oxford .
Since 2019 , Eder has been the director of the Austrian Archaeological Institute at Athens . They are project leader for excavations at Kakovatos and Kleidi-Samikon ( with the Ephorate of Antiquities in Elis , co-director Erofili Kolia ) in the Peloponnese .
In February 2020 , they gave the Denys Haynes Memorial Lecture at the British Museum .
Select publications
( 1998 ) Argolis , Lakonien und Messenien vom Ende der mykenischen Palastzeit bis zur Dorischen Einwanderung , Veröffentlichungen der Mykenischen Kommission Band 17 .
( 1994 ) Staat , Herrschaft , Gesellschaft in frühgriechischer Zeit , eine Bibliographie 1978–1991/92 , Veröffentlichungen der Mykenischen Kommission Band 14 .
( 2001 ) Die submykenischen und protogeometrischen Gräber von Elis , Bibliothek der Griechischen Archäologischen Gesellschaft zu Athen 209 .
( 2004 ) with Jung , R. `` On the Character of Social Relations between Greece and Italy in the 12th/11th C. BC '' . In eds . E. Greco , R. Laffineur , Emporia . Aegeans in the Central and Eastern Mediterranean . Proceedings of the 10th International Aegean Conference/10e Rencontre égéenne internationale , Athens , Italian School of Archaeology ( pp . 14–18 ) .
( 2015 ) ed . with Regine Pruzsinszky , Policies of Exchange : Political Systems and Modes of Interaction in the Aegean and the Near East in the 2nd Millennium BC , Proceedings of the International Symposium at the University of Freiburg , Institute for Archaeological Studies , 30th May – 2nd June 2012 , OREA 2 .
( 2015 ) 'Unus pro omnibus , omnes pro uno : The Mycenaean Palace System ' , in F. Ruppenstein , J. Weilhartner ( eds . ) , Tradition and Innovation in the Mycenaean Palatial Polities , Proceedings of an International Symposium held at the Austrian Academy of Sciences , Institute for Oriental and European Archaeology , Aegean and Anatolia Department , Vienna , 1–2 March 2013 , Mykenische Studien 34 .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Austrian Academy of Sciences
Austrian archaeologists
Austrian women archaeologists
Austrian philologists
Scholars of Mycenaean Greek
University of Freiburg faculty
University of Vienna alumni
Shark Week is an annual , week long TV programming block at the Discovery Channel , which features shark-based programming . Shark Week originally premiered on July 17 , 1988 . Featured annually , in July or early August , it was originally devoted to conservation efforts and correcting misconceptions about sharks . Over time , it grew in popularity and became a hit on the Discovery Channel . Since 2010 , it has been the longest-running cable television programming event in history . Broadcast in over 72 countries , Shark Week is promoted heavily via social networks like Facebook and Twitter . Episodes are also available for purchase on services like Google Play Movies & TV/YouTube , Amazon Video , and iTunes . Some episodes are free on subscription-based Hulu and Discovery+ .
History
The first Shark Week premiered in July 1988 , with the first show to air being Caged in Fear . A total of 10 episodes aired . Other shows included Sharks : Predators or Prey , The Shark Takes a Siesta , and Sharks of a Different Color . Due to the success of the programming block , Discovery decided to continue it .
In 2000 , Discovery Channel aired Shark Week Uncaged presented by famous zoologist Nigel Marven as a host . Six million 3D Pulfrich glasses were distributed to viewers in the United States and Canada for an episode featuring an extinct giant shark , which had 3D segments .
The programming has been hosted by notable personalities from other Discovery series . In 2005 , Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman of MythBusters hosted Shark Week , which premiered with a two-hour MythBusters `` Jaws Special '' . In 2006 , Mike Rowe of Dirty Jobs hosted Shark Week , and two Dirty Jobs episodes were produced to tie-into the programming , titled `` Jobs that Bite '' and `` Jobs that Bite ... Harder '' . That year , a 446-foot-long ( 136 metres ) inflatable great white shark named Chompie was hung from the Discovery Channel 's Silver Spring , Maryland headquarters .
In 2007 , Discovery Channel celebrated Shark Week 's 20th Anniversary hosted by Les Stroud , host of Survivorman . The 20th anniversary included the launch of Sharkrunners , a video game that uses GPS data from tagged sharks in the Pacific Ocean . The program Ocean of Fear aired on July 29 .
In 2014 , Deep Blue , a large great white shark estimated to be twenty foot long was featured in an episode of Shark Week , they were seen traversing the waters off the coast of Guadalupe Island .
In 2021 , the events began streaming on Discovery+ alongside its broadcasts on the Discovery Channel .
Shweekend
In early 2015 , Discovery announced a new , shark-themed weekend that would air on the Discovery Channel . The weekend took place in late August 2015 , and contained three different programs . The first program , which aired on Saturday , August 29 , was MythBusters vs . Jaws , followed right after by Shark Alley : Legend of Dynamite . The next day , Sunday , August 30 , one program aired , called Air Jaws : Walking with Great Whites . The purpose of Shweekend was to increase the shark-related content from previous years and to prolong the summer 's shark coverage .
Criticism
Since its early days , Shark Week evolved into more entertainment-oriented and sometimes fictional programming . By the 2010s , it attracted much criticism for airing dramatic programs to increase viewers and popularity . This fictitious programming , known as docufiction , has been produced in the last few years . Examples of such programs include Megalodon : The Monster Shark Lives , Shark of Darkness : Wrath of Submarine , Monster Hammerhead , Lair of the Mega Shark , and Megalodon : The New Evidence . This strategy was successful , especially for the program Megalodon : The Monster Shark Lives , as it became one of the most watched programs in Shark Week history , primarily for the controversy and backlash it generated . The mockumentary was based on an ancient giant shark called megalodon , which is now long extinct . The airing of this program fueled criticism by the professionals in the science blogger community , as well as science-advocacy bloggers like actor Wil Wheaton , and resulted in boycott of the network . Since then , Discovery has increasingly come under fire for using junk science , pushing dubious theories , creating fake stories , and misleading scientists as to the nature of the documentary being produced . In early 2015 , Discovery President Rich Ross vowed to remove this type of programming from the future Shark Week lineups .
More criticism was leveled at Discovery in 2017 when the network heavily promoted a race between Olympic gold medal winner Michael Phelps and a great white shark that turned out to be computer generated , but based on actual speeds of such animals , and Phelps wearing illegal swim gear .
Programming information
Home media
See also
Air Jaws
Ocean of Fear
Blood in the Water
Megalodon : The Monster Shark Lives
Sharkrunners
References
General references
Inline citations
External links
Shark Week on the Discovery Channel website
Shark Week at the Internet Movie Database
It 's time for Shark Week to redeem itself , Boston Globe
Shark Week 's ratings show there 's blood in the water , Discover
More proof a Megalodon did not swim with the Nazis , Arstechnica
Television programming blocks in the United States
Discovery Channel
American annual television specials
Sharks
Recurring events established in 1988
June events
July events
August events
Week-long events
Thiruchirappalli Govindarajulu Lingappa ( 22 August 1927 – 5 February 2000 ) was an Indian music director who worked predominantly in Kannada language films . They also worked in Tamil and Telugu movies . They were the son of G. Govindarajulu Naidu who was also a musician .
Early life
T.G . Lingappa was the second son and had learned music from their father G. Govindarajulu Naidu . Their family stayed in Thiruchi . This is where M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar ( MKT ) used to sing in their house and G. Govindarajulu Naidu introduced MKT to their children . G. Govindarajulu was a harmonium player in special dramas , but was also known as the one who taught music for K. B. Sundarambal . They also sold musical instruments and gramophone in Thiruchi , but the business was not doing very well . T. G. Lingappa had learned to play several musical instruments . In 1940 , G. Govindarajulu Naidu took their family to Madras to look for greener pasture there .
Career life
At the age of 14 , Lingappa tried to act in the film Kamathenu which was produced by Visvanathan . Instead Visvanathan had asked Lingappa to sing and to remain with them for sometime to given chance . They stayed a few months and when it is not fruitful and then moved on . Since they are able to play musical instruments , they then joined the Mayoora Film Orchestra and played harmonium , mandoline and guitar . This orchestra used to play music for films and gramophone . It sis to be noted that Lingappa played instruments for Ashok Kumar ( 1941 ) and they were earning salary of 30 monthly .
In the same year Lingappa approached Gemini Studios to try their luck . C. Ramchandra was working there with other older artistes . But Lingappa was rejected due to their young age . Not giving up , Lingappa proceeded to Salem to try their chance in Modern Theatres when music director T. A. Kalyanam invited him . There Lingappa met T. R. Pappa and K. V. Mahadevan . It was the time during the 1940s where everyone was circumambulating all available studios for opportunities .
In 1945 , Lingappa returned to Madras and worked under R. Sudarsanam in the Pragathy Studios and they played instruments in the film Sri Valli ( 1945 ) . Lingappa went to Karakkudi to play musical instruments when AVM Productions made Nam Iruvar ( 1947 ) . In 1948 , they returned to Madras and worked under C. R. Subburaman . All these experience under different renowned music directors had sparked an idea to be a freelance musician . They went on to purchase modern instruments from abroad , especially London where they bought the electric guitar . Lingappa was well capable of playing the guitar . Music directors G. Ramanathan , S. V. Venkatraman and K. V. Mahadevan had used Lingappa for several of their songs . From then on Lingappa was playing many instruments under all the leading music directors .
They worked with singers like T. M. Soundararajan , A. M. Rajah , Seerkazhi Govindarajan , V. N. Sundaram , S. C. Krishnan , M. L. Vasanthakumari , P. Leela , Jikki , T. V. Rathnam , A. P. Komala , Radha Jayalakshmi , Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi , K. Jamuna Rani , P. Susheela , K. Rani and S. Janaki .
The singing actors M. M. Dandapani Desikar , T. R. Mahalingam , K. R. Ramasamy , U. R. Jeevarathinam , N. S. Krishnan , T. A. Madhuram and J. P. Chandrababu also sang memorable songs under their compositions .
T. G. Lingappa and T. R. Mahalingam
T. R. Mahalingam had produced their first film Macha Regai ( 1950 ) where the music was done by C. R. Subburaman . Their manager was B. R. Panthulu . Since C. R. Subburaman died suddenly , T. R. Mahalingam who had known Lingappa from earlier and became closer in the film Nam Iruvar , gave Lingappa chance to compose music for their second production Mohana Sundaram ( 1951 ) . There are more than ten songs in Mohanasundaram . It was also that J. P. Chandrababu sang first Hello My dear Darling , Hello My rose charming . The success of the songs are due to T. R. Mahalingam and Lingappa both knew carnatic music , cooperated and discussed the tunes together . After that T. R. Mahalingam used Lingappa in their other movies like Chinna Durai and Vilayattu Bommai .
T. G. Lingappa and B. R. Panthulu
B. R. Panthulu separated from T. R. Mahalingam and started Padmini Pictures for which banner Lingappa composed most number of films in Tamil . The first film of B. R. Panthulu was Kalyanam Panniyum Brahmachari ( 1954 ) , a Sivaji Ganesan starrer directed by P. Neelakantan . There are excellent songs in the film . The Bharathidasan song Vennilaavum Vaanum Pol was first sung by M. M. Dandapani Desikar in the stages . Lingappa obtained their permission to use the same song in Kalyanam Panniyum Brahmachaari with some modifications and after the approval of the tune by Baradidasan , Radha Jayalakshmi sang the song . V. N. Sundaram sang the comedy song Kaviyin Kanavil Vaazhum Oviyame in which they combine light music with carnatic tune . J. P. Chandrababu sang for Sivaji Jolly Life . This film and songs became hit . B. R. Panthulu again booked Lingappa for Sivaji Ganesan starrer Mudhal Thethi ( 1955 ) .
Thangamalai Ragasiyam ( 1958 ) is another film that lifted P. Suseela to great heights . The song is Amuthai Pozhiyum Nilave . The same film was taken in Hindi and this song was retained with Hindi words . Again it became a success in the Hindi circles .
Lingappa continued on composing for Sabaash Meena ( 1958 ) , Engal Kudumbam Perisu ( 1958 ) and Kuzhandhaigal Kanda Kudiyarasu ( 1960 ) . They then went on to compose in Kannada movies . After a break they came back to compose in Muradan Muthu ( 1964 ) . That was the last film where B. R. Pantulu used Sivaji Ganesan .
However , Lingappa continued on working with Panthulu in many more Kannada films till the early 1970s . There were Malayalam films too .
The last collaboration was Kadavul Mama ( 1974 ) before the demise of Panthulu .
Works
Vaazhviley Oru Naal ( 1956 ) produced by T. S. Venkataswami who is the husband of U. R. Jeevarathinam . In this movie Lingappa there is a duet Thendrale Varaayo Inba Sugam Tharayo by T. M. Soundararajan and U. R. Jeevarathinam .
It is said by Lingappa themselves that there are at least two songs that they composed , but came to be used by other music directors . One is Kunguma Poove which J. P. Chandrababu learnt under Lingappa and sang for S. M. Subbaiah Naidu in Maragatham ( 1959 ) . The other is the song Putham Puthu Meni by Balamurali Krishna and P. Susheela in Subathinam .
Some compositions of T. G. Lingappa :
Oh .. Jegamathil Inbam Thaan Varuvathu Ethanaale from Mohanasundaram by T. R. Mahalingam and S. Varalakshmi
Paattu Venumaa from Mohanasundaram by T. R. Mahalingam
Amuthai Pozhiyum Nilavey from Thangamalai Ragasiyam by P. Susheela
Thendrale Varaayo Inba Sugam Tharayo from Vaazhviley Oru Naal by T. M. Soundararajan and U. R. Jeevarathinam
Onnuley Irunthu 20 Varaikkum Kondattam from Mudhal Thethi by N. S. Krishnan
Thunbam Varumbothu Nagaithiduvaai from Mudhal Thethi by M. M. Dandapani Desikar
Vennilaavum Vaanum Pol from Kalyanam Panniyum Brahmachaari by Radha Jayalakshmi
Kaviyin Kanavil Vaazhum Oviyame from Kalyanam Panniyum Brahmachaari by V. N. Sundaram
Athimadhura Anuraga from Engal Kudumbam Perisu by A. M. Rajah and K. Jamuna Rani
Radha Madhava Vinodha Radha from Engal Kudumbam Perisu by T. M. Soundararajan and P. Susheela
Chithitram Pesuthadi from Shabash Meena by Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi
En Arumai Kathalikku Vennilave from Ellorum Innattu Mannar by T. M. Soundararajan
Asaiyil Oonjalil Adiduvom from Kuzhandaigal Kanda Kudiyarasu by Jikki and A. P. Komala
Kadhal Ullam Kavarntha Neeye from Sangilithevan by T. M. Soundararajan and P. Leela
Filmography
Music director
Rajayogam
Yediyooru Siddalingeshwara Mahime
Playback singer
See also
Vijaya Bhaskar
M. Ranga Rao
G. K. Venkatesh
Rajan–Nagendra
Upendra Kumar
References
External links
Tamil article on T. G. Lingappa
Myriad Music Composers of the Last Century in My Movie Minutes
Indian male playback singers
Tamil film score composers
Kannada film score composers
Kannada playback singers
Tamil playback singers
Tamil singers
1927 births
2000 deaths
Musicians from Tiruchirappalli
20th-century Indian singers
Male film score composers
20th-century Indian male singers
PNT may refer to :
Other uses
Postnormal times , in post-normal science
Prime number theorem
National Peasants ' Party , a Romanian political party
National Executive Committee for Space-Based Positioning , Navigation and Timing
National Workers ' Party ( Spain ) , a small far-right party in Spain
Pacific Northwest Trail , a hiking trail
Palestinian National Theatre
para-Nitrotoluene or mononitrotoluene
Pontic Greek 's ISO 639-3 code
Positioning , navigation and timing
James Mulholland ( 10 April 1938 – 21 June 1994 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for East Stirlingshire , Chelsea , Greenock Morton , Barrow , Stockport County and Crewe Alexandra .
References
External links
1938 births
1994 deaths
Association football inside forwards
Scottish footballers
Glasgow United F.C . players
East Stirlingshire F.C . players
Chelsea F.C . players
Greenock Morton F.C . players
Barrow A.F.C . players
Stockport County F.C . players
Crewe Alexandra F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Footballers from Glasgow
Sir Herbert Keith Speed ( 11 March 1934 – 12 January 2018 ) was a British Conservative politician and former Member of Parliament . They were a descendant of cartographer and historian John Speed .
Life
Speed was born on 11 March 1934 in Evesham and educated at Bedford Modern School . They served in the Royal Navy from 1947 to 1956 and continued in the Royal Naval Reserve thereafter as a Lt Cdr . After a period as a sales and marketing manager , they gained employment in the Conservative Research Department in 1965 .
After unsuccessfully contesting St Helens in 1964 , Speed was elected MP for Meriden in Warwickshire in a 1968 by-election and held the seat until 1974 . New constituency boundaries were drawn up prior to the February 1974 general election and Speed lost their Meriden seat to Labour 's John Tomlinson .
They were selected to succeed Bill Deedes as Conservative Candidate for the seat of Ashford in Kent in the October 1974 General Election , and was elected as MP with a majority of over 6,000 .
On 4 May 1979 they were appointed Parliamentary Undersecretary of State for Defence , a position known then as the Navy Minister . They were sacked by Margaret Thatcher in May 1981 , after refusing to hand in their resignation . This was because they were unable to accept the reductions in the strength of the Royal Navy proposed by Thatcher and then Secretary of State for Defence , John Nott . With typical service humour , a Royal Navy saying of the time was the fictitious order `` Less ( K ) notts , more Speed ! '' . Later events in the Falklands War showed the shrewdness of their position , and they were made a Knight Bachelor in 1992 . They retired as an MP in 1997 .
In 1982 they wrote a book , Sea Change ( see bibliography ) , which outlined the background to the Falklands conflict and expressed admiration for former Soviet Admiral Sergey Gorshkov .
As of April 2005 , Sir Keith Speed was a Deputy Lord-Lieutenant for the County Of Kent , and Vice President of the Maritime Volunteer Service .
Speed died in hospital on 12 January 2018 .
Bibliography
Speed , Keith ( 1982 ) . Sea Change : The Battle For The Falklands And The Future Of Britain 's Navy . Ashgrove Press
References
External links
1934 births
2018 deaths
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
People educated at Bedford Modern School
Deputy Lieutenants of Kent
English memoirists
Knights Bachelor
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Royal Naval Reserve personnel
People from Evesham
Carndoagh Halt railway station was a rural station located in the townland of Carndoagh , 1.5 miles north west of Carndonagh in County Donegal , Ireland .
The station opened on 1 November 1929 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Carndonagh .
It closed for passengers on 2 December 1935 .
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1929
Railway stations closed in 1935
1929 establishments in Ireland
1935 disestablishments in Ireland
may refer to :
People
Bishin Jumonji , Japanese photographer
Chisako Jumonji , Japanese professional wrestler
Sachiko Jumonji , Japanese professional wrestler
Jūmonji Tomokazu , Japanese sumo wrestler
Takanobu Jumonji , Japanese cyclist
Places
Jūmonji , Akita , a town
Jūmonji Station , a railway station in Jumonji , Japan
Jumonji University , Jumonji , Japan
Popular culture
Jumanji ( picture book ) , a 1981 fantasy children 's picture book about an eponymous magical board game
Jumanji ( franchise ) , a series of movies inspired by the books
Other uses
Jumonji , an enzyme encoded by the JARID2 gene
Jumonji C ( JmJC ) domain-containing demethylases , the largest group of histone demethylases .
, a cross-shaped spear
See also
Jumanji , 1995 film
Dean L. Howes Jr. ( born October 7 , 1952 ) is an American business person in the field of sports management . They were the first commissioner of Major League Rugby which began its inaugural season in 2018 .
A former partner in SCP Worldwide , Howes was previously chief executive of Real Salt Lake , a member of Major League Soccer . Howes was also , with SCP Worldwide , a managing partner of National Hockey League franchise St. Louis Blues .
Early career
Howes began with pharmaceutical company Bristol-Myers Squibb ( BMS ) in a 19-year business career spanning New York , Chicago , and Los Angeles , rising to the position of Senior Director of Business Development . They left BMS in 1997 to become CEO and founding executive of Professional Teams Physicians . The company grew to represent over a thousand sports medicine practitioners around the country , across professional teams in the NBA , MLB , NFL , MLS and NHL .
Sports management
Howes became a partner in SCP Worldwide ( Sports Capital Partners ) , a New York City-based sports , entertainment and media company founded in 2002 . Howes and SCP Worldwide were managing partners of National Hockey League ( NHL ) team St. Louis Blues and their home arena the Savvis Center ( since renamed the Scottrade Center ) .
They were appointed chief executive of the Real Salt Lake soccer franchise , a Major League Soccer ( MLS ) team owned by SCP playing in Salt Lake City , Utah . They later served as the vice-chairperson and oversaw the construction of Rio Tinto Stadium , the 20,000-seat home of Real Salt Lake in Sandy , Utah .
Howes played a role in making Real Salt Lake the first U.S. professional sports team to sell the naming rights to the front of their jerseys . This sparked a trend throughout the MLS , in which now all teams have followed suit with front jersey sponsors .
In 2014 , Howes partnered with Findlay Entertainment in their bid to bring another major sports franchise to the Las Vegas market . They joined the executive management team of Rugby Utah in 2016 , before being appointed as the commissioner of Major League Rugby ahead of the competition 's inaugural 2018 season .
Community service
Howes has served on the board of directors for the Salt Lake chapter of community organisation United Way . They were a mission president and ecclesiastical leader of about 200 of the LDS Church missionaries in central Arizona between 2010 and 2013 .
References
1952 births
Living people
Major League Soccer executives
Real Salt Lake non-playing staff
American soccer chairpeople and investors
FSUE Atomflot ( ) is a Russian company and service base that maintains the world 's only fleet of nuclear-powered icebreakers . Atomflot is part of the Rosatom group , and is based in the city of Murmansk .
, the company operates a fleet of five nuclear-powered icebreakers , including the world 's largest , the Arktika , which joined the fleet on their maiden voyage .
The company employs between 1,000 and 2,000 people . The company has a ship to transport radioactive waste , and another to monitor radiation . It also maintains a museum ship , the Lenin .
Activity
A total of about 1,000 people work on atomic icebreakers , nuclear light carriers , and ATOs ( atomic technology services ) , all under the umbrella of Atomflot . The command staff undergoes special training at the Admiral Makarov State Maritime Academy in St. Petersburg . In addition to orchestrating cargo transportation along the Northern Sea Route , Atomflot organizes tourist cruises , the profit from which amounts to 6-7 % of the company 's total profit .
References
External links
Official Page
Rosatom
Shipping companies of Russia
Russian brands
Federal State Unitary Enterprises of Russia
Companies based in Murmansk Oblast
The red-tailed newtonia ( Newtonia fanovanae ) is a species of bird in the family Vangidae . It is endemic to Madagascar .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet .
red-tailed newtonia
red-tailed newtonia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fauna of the Madagascar lowland forests
Chicualacuala District ( Portuguese : Distrito de Chicualacuala ) is a district of Gaza Province in south-western Mozambique . It has a population of 41,638 ( 2011 ) and covers . The population density of Chicualacuala District 2.1 residents per square kilometers , significantly lower than the average of 17.5 in Gaza Province .
The district seat is the town of Chicualacuala .
Chicuacuala District is bordered to the north by the Massangena District , to the east by Chigubo District , to the southwest by Mabalane District , to the south by Massingir District , to the southwest by South Africa , and to the northwest by Zimbabwe . It is home to several villages along the Limpopo River including Dumela , Mbuzi , Kunguma , Mawene , Xicumba , Xicumbane , Ngala , Panhame , Mabuzane , and Xitshutswini .
Chicuacuala District has four health centers ; the single hospital in the province is located outside the district . The district also lacks a bank .
Geography
The whole district belongs to the drainage basin of the Limpopo , and the Limpopo River flows through the district . Other big rivers in the district are the Nuanetzi River , the Chefu River , the Munene River , and the Singuédzi River . The latter makes the border with Massingir District .
The climate is tropical arid and semi-arid , with the annual rainfall varying between and .
Banhine National Park , part of Great Limpopo Transfrontier Park , is shared between Chigubo , Chicualacuala , and Mabalane Districts . The area of the park within Chicualacuala District is . Limpopo National Park , also part of Great Limpopo Transfrontier Park , is shared between Massingir , Chicualacuala , and Mabalane Districts . The area of the park within Chicualacuala District is .
Demographics
As of 2005 , 47 % of the population of the district was younger than 15 years . 25 % of the population spoke Portuguese . The most common mothertongue among the population was Tsonga . 69 % were analphabetic , mostly women .
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos , Chicualacuala ( three localities ) , Mapai ( four localities ) , and Pafuri ( two localities ) .
Chicualacuala :
Vila Eduardo Mondlane
Chicualacuala B
Litlatlha
Mahatlane
Mapai :
Chidulo
16 de Junho
M'Ponze
Mapai-Rio
Pafuri :
Mbuzi
Mungumbane
Economy
Agriculture
In the district , there are 6,000 farms , with 60 % exploiting less than of land . The main agricultural products are corn , cassava , cowpea , peanut , and sweet potato . Population of cattle , pigs , sheep , and goats was steadily growing prior to 2005 .
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes a stretch of the national road EN340 to Chokwe , as well as of secondary roads . The Limpopo Railroad ( Southern System ) runs through the district .
References
Districts in Gaza Province
Albert Leon Henne ( 1901–1967 ) was an American chemist known for their work on refrigerants .
Henne was born in Brussels , Belgium in 1901 . They earned their PhD from the University of Brussels in 1925 with a dissertation titled `` The Stereoisomers of Chloroiodoethylene '' . They came to the United States in 1925 as a fellow of the Belgian-American Education foundation at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and became a naturalized citizen in 1933 .
Henne 's association with the Ohio State University Department of Chemistry began in 1931 when they began service as a Special Lecturer and as Director of Research for what was formally called the Midgley Foundation housed in the organic chemistry laboratories at OSU . They served in this capacity until 1938 when they were appointed Associate Professor of Chemistry . They assisted Professor Cecil E. Boord in setting up and organizing the American Petroleum Institute Project at Ohio State . Henne was appointed Professor of Chemistry in 1942 and served in this capacity as a teacher and research advisor until just before their death in 1967 .
References
External links
Albert Leon Henne , Chemistry , Ohio State University
Albert L. Henne , John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation
20th-century American chemists
1967 deaths
1901 births
Belgian emigrants to the United States
Massachusetts Institute of Technology people
Ohio State University faculty
Silvana Petra Tirinzoni ( born 25 June 1979 ) is a Swiss curler from Zurich . They are currently the reigning women 's world champion skip having won the last three championships , in 2019 , 2021 and . Tirinzoni also represented Switzerland at the 2022 Winter Olympics and 2018 Winter Olympics , after winning the 2017 Swiss Olympic Curling Trials .
Career
In 1997 , Tirinzoni was the Swiss alternate for Bianca Röthlisberger at the World Junior Curling Championships . The team finished seventh . The following year , Tirinzoni was the Swiss skip , at the World Juniors , and they and their team of Michèle Knobel , Brigitte Schori and Martina von Arx finished sixth . In 1999 , the same team returned to the Juniors , and won the whole tournament for Switzerland . After finishing the round robin in second place with a 7–2 record , Tirinzoni led Switzerland to a semi-final win over Sweden 's Matilda Mattsson and a final win against Japan ( skipped by Akiko Katoh ) to win the gold medal .
In 2005 Tirinzoni finished fourth at the Swiss Olympic trials . The following year they qualified for the 2006 World Women 's Curling Championship , their first . Them Swiss team finished in tenth place with a 3–8 record .
Tirinzoni returned to the 2007 World Women 's Curling Championship with nearly the same team as in 2006 , adding veteran Mirjam Ott to the lineup . Ott moved into the third position when the team began with three losses , and they nearly came back to qualify for the playoff round . Switzerland fell just short , finishing fifth with a 6–5 record . Later that year Ott returned the favour by making Tirinzoni their alternate at the 2007 European Curling Championships . Tirinzoni would not see any action however , and the team finished fourth .
In 2011 , Tirinzoni won their first World Curling Tour event , the Red Deer Curling Classic . They would not play in an international championship until 2013 , when they skipped Switzerland at the 2013 World Women 's Curling Championship . After finishing the round robin with a 6–5 record , they found themselves in a three-way tie for fourth . After beating Russia 's Anna Sidorova in the first tiebreaker , they lost to the United States ' Erika Brown in the second , settling for fifth place . Since then , Tirinzoni has won several World Curling Tour events , including the 2013 International Bernese Ladies Cup , the 2013 Stockholm Ladies Cup , the 2013 Women 's Masters Basel and the 2014 Pomeroy Inn & Suites Prairie Showdown .
Tirinzoni and their rink began the 2014–15 season by winning their first event , the 2014 Stu Sells Oakville Tankard . They then went off to skip the Swiss team ( throwing third rocks ) at the 2014 European Mixed Curling Championship . They would lead their rink of Martin Rios , Romano Meier and Jenny Perret to a bronze medal .
While Tirinzoni did not return to an international competition for a while ( due to strong competition in their home country from teams like Alina Pätz and Binia Feltscher ) , they and their rink have been strong on the World Curling Tour since then . The 2015–16 season included three tournament wins , including the first slam of the year , the 2015 GSOC Tour Challenge , where they beat the World # 1 Rachel Homan rink in the final . The team would also win the International Bernese Ladies Cup and the Glynhill Ladies International later that year , while they led their team to four other tournament finals .
Tirinzoni continued their WCT success the following season , winning their first event , the 2016 Stu Sells Oakville Tankard , but did not win any further tournaments . They began the 2017–18 season by defending their Oakville Tankard title , which would be the third time they would win that tournament .
In one of the strongest countries , with three different World Champions including a two time World Champion and two time Olympic silver medalist , Tirinzoni won the right to be the Switzerland representative at the 2018 Winter Olympics . Them team finished undefeated throughout the 2017 Swiss Olympic Curling Trials . At the games , the team just missed out on a playoff spot , finishing with a 4–5 record .
Heading into the 2018–19 curling season , Tirinzoni joined forces with Alina Pätz , who threw fourth rocks with Tirinzoni skipping at the third position , with Esther Neuenschwander at second and Melanie Barbezat throwing lead rocks . The team reached the final in the first Grand Slam of the season , the Elite 10 . They represented Switzerland at the 2018 European Curling Championships claiming the silver medal , going on an unbeaten 9–0 run to finish top of the Round Robin , before defeating Germany 6–4 in the semi-final , and falling 5–4 to Sweden 's Anna Hasselborg in the final . Having won the 2019 Swiss National Championships , the team represented Switzerland at the 2019 World Women 's Curling Championship in Silkeborg , Denmark . The team got off to a shaky start posting a 2–3 record in their first five games before winning six in a row to secure their playoff spot , and , after a final round dead rubber loss , a round robin record of 8–4 and 4th place in the standings . Tight victories over China in the qualification game , and South Korea in the semifinal set up a repeat of the European Championship final against Hasselborg and Sweden . They were able to turn the tables on Sweden , with Pätz making a draw to the four-foot in the extra end for an 8–7 win which meant they were crowned the 2019 world champions . The team capped off their year with their first Grand Slam title together at the Champions Cup , and reaching the final of the inaugural Curling World Cup .
At the start of the 2019–20 season , Team Tirinzoni were runners-up at the 2019 Cameron 's Brewing Oakville Fall Classic . They also qualified for the playoffs at their next three events , the 2019 Stu Sells Oakville Tankard , the 2019 AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic and the 2019 WCT Uiseong International Curling Cup . The next week , they won the Women 's Masters Basel . They represented Switzerland at the 2019 European Curling Championships where they finished the round robin in first place with an 8–1 record . However , they would not make the final , as they lost to Scotland 's Eve Muirhead in the semifinal . They rebounded in the bronze medal game , defeating Alina Kovaleva of Russia . The team was not able to defend their Swiss championship , losing the final of the 2020 Swiss Women 's Curling Championship to the young Elena Stern rink . The Swiss championship would be the team 's last event of the season , as both the Players ' Championship and the Champions Cup Grand Slam events were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
Tirinzoni began the 2020–21 season by making the final of the 2020 Schweizer Cup where they once again lost to the Stern rink . Three weeks later , their team was invited to play in the Adelboden International men 's World Curling Tour event , as a last minute addition . After dropping their first game to Yannick Schwaller , they went on a four-game winning streak against the men 's field before losing to Olympic bronze medallist Peter de Cruz in the semifinal . In January 2021 , Tirinzoni compted at the 2021 Swiss Mixed Doubles Curling Championship with partner Benoît Schwarz . The pair finished the round robin with a 4–3 record before losing to teammate Alina Pätz and Sven Michel in the semifinal . Two weeks later , Tirinzoni won their fifth national championship at the 2021 Swiss Women 's Curling Championship . This put them in a playoff against 2020 Champions Team Stern for the right to represent Switzerland at the 2021 World Women 's Curling Championship , as the 2020 Worlds were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic . Tirinzoni beat Stern in the playoff , and represented Switzerland at the World Championship , which was played in a bio-secure bubble in Calgary , Canada due to the pandemic . There , they led their rink to a 12–1 round robin record , including scoring a rare eight-ender against Denmark , the first time an eight-ender has ever been scored at a World Championship . In the playoffs , Tirinzoni defeated the United States in the semifinal , and then Alina Kovaleva representing RCF ( Russia ) in the final to win the gold medal , successfully defending their 2019 championship , becoming the first Swiss skip to win back to back titles . While also in the Calgary bubble , Team Tirinzoni played in two Grand Slam events , making the final at the 2021 Champions Cup and the semifinals at the 2021 Players ' Championship .
Team Tirinzoni had a slow start to the 2021–22 season , not reaching any finals in their first five tour events . At the first two Slams , the 2021 Masters and the 2021 National , they went undefeated until losses in the quarterfinals and semifinals respectively . At the 2021 European Curling Championships , the team failed to reach the playoffs for the first time , finishing in fifth with a 6–3 record . The next event the team played in was the 2022 Winter Olympics , where they found their footing for the first time during the season . They finished in first place after the preliminary round with an 8–1 round robin record . This earned them the top seed in the playoff round . They then , however , lost the semifinal to Japan 's Satsuki Fujisawa and the bronze medal game to Sweden 's Anna Hasselborg , placing fourth . Immediately after the Olympics , the team entered the Swiss Women 's Curling Championship where they were once again able to defend their title , earning the right to represent Switzerland at the 2022 World Women 's Curling Championship . At the championship , Team Tirinzoni dominated the competition , finishing the round robin with an unblemished 12–0 record . They then beat Sweden 's Hasselborg in the semifinal to qualify once again for the world championship final where they would face South Korea 's Kim Eun-jung . Switzerland took a three point lead early , but Korea were able to tie the match later on . In the end , Alina Pätz executed an open hit to win the match 7–6 and repeat for a third time as world women 's curling champions . On April 25 , the team announced that they would be splitting up at the end of the season , with front end Esther Neuenschwander and Melanie Barbezat stepping away from competitive curling . Team Tirinzoni ended their four year run together with the final two Slam events of the season , the 2022 Players ' Championship and the 2022 Champions Cup , where they had quarterfinal and semifinal finishes respectively . On May 12 , Tirinzoni and Pätz announced that they would be staying together and adding Carole Howald and Briar Hürlimann to their team for the 2022–23 season .
Personal life
Tirinzoni studied business administration at the University of Zurich and completed further training as a financial analyst and investment advisor . They worked for seven years as a project manager at a bank , and in 2019 they focused entirely on sports .
Grand Slam record
Former events
Teams
Notes
References
External links
Team Tirinzoni 's Home Page
Swiss female curlers
Living people
1979 births
Swiss people of Italian descent
Sportspeople from Zürich
People from Baden District , Aargau
Swiss curling champions
Continental Cup of Curling participants
Curlers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic curlers of Switzerland
World curling champions
Curlers at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Adventist Health Portland ( formerly Portland Adventist Medical Center ) , is a 302-bed hospital serving 900,000 residents on the east side of the Portland-Vancouver metropolitan area in the United States . It is the primary teaching hospital of the Walla Walla University Nursing program .
History
In 1893 , Lewis Belknap , M.D. , headed west from Michigan where they had been a student at Dr. Harvey Kellogg 's Battle Creek Sanitarium , intending to start a similar sanitarium on the West Coast . They arrived in Portland , Oregon penniless after having been robbed while in San Francisco . An Adventist minister by the name of Starbuck lent them the first month 's rent for small house where Belknap set up a medical practice . Along with their wife , they operated a six patient facility on East Twelfth St. in Portland .
The couple soon relocated to the Reed Mansion , which provided them with 20 patient beds , a surgical ward , office , kitchen and dining room . The stable was re-modeled into treatment rooms and a nurse 's dormitory and in 1896 , the Belknaps moved from the area and the Seventh-day Adventist ( SDA ) church obtained the facility . The church added a two-year nurse training program and formed a health food company in 1897 .
In 1902 , the need for expansion relocated the sanitarium to the base of Mt . Tabor . There a four-story wood building provided for 75 patients and was easily accessible from the train station a few blocks away . William Holden , M.D. , joined the staff in 1903 and soon took the position of medical director , which they would hold till their death in 1955 . It was under their direction that the hospital transitioned from a long-term care facility to a surgical/medical facility .
In the late 1920s the fire marshal condemned the top two floors of the Mt . Tabor facilities ' building because it did not meet fire code . Rather than operate in limited quarters , the hospital board decided to raze the building and rebuild . It was closed on September 21 , 1920 , and reconstruction on the original site was completed in the spring of 1922 . This modern facility was equipped with private rooms that had hot and cold running water , the first of its kind in Oregon . Dr. Holden performed the first surgery , an emergency appendectomy , on April 21 , 1922 , while painters and plasterers were still working the interior . Two years after the new building was completed , more space was needed . A nurse 's dormitory was added in 1928 and two new wings in 1949 and 1964 .
During the 1950s and 1960s new additions were made including training programs in medical technology , radiological technology , practical nursing and a pediatrics department . In the mid-1960s it was determined that expansion and relocation was again necessary . A lack of funds prompted the hospital board to turn to the public for support . The $ 2.5 million expansion also received aid from federal grants and the Seventh-day Adventist church . Administrators purchased the Glendover Golf Course planning to reserve for the hospital and redesigning the remaining land into a 27-hole championship golf course and driving range . Controversy over this plan arose resulting in the county purchasing the land back from the hospital and a new site was purchased on SE Market Street .
During the construction plans , the desire to be linked with other denominational health care facilities prompted Adventist Medical Center ( AMC ) , as it was now known , to join Adventist Health on February 8 , 1973 .
Groundbreaking for the new hospital took place in 1974 at the site of the former Morningside Hospital . A physician 's office building opened in 1976 followed by the hospitals grand-opening in 1977 . `` Operation Keep Step , '' consisting of eleven ambulances and five wheelchair cars transferred all patients , equipment and staff without seriously disrupting hospital services . AMC moved 204 beds to the new facility immediately while 72 remained at the Mt . Tabor site until the north wing was completed the following year . In 1978 , the construction of a residence hall and classroom building for the Walla Walla College School of Nursing completed the hospital
References
External links
Hospitals in Portland , Oregon
Hospital buildings completed in 1902
Adventist Health
1893 establishments in Oregon
Son 's Chapel is a historic church at 5480 East Mission in Fayetteville , Arkansas . It is a single-story rustic fieldstone structure , with front-gable roof and a squat square tower set off to one side . Built between 1933 and 1937 , the building is an interesting and unusual mix of Gothic and Romanesque styles , with windows set under Romanesque arches , and the tower with a crenellated parapet . The church is the second for the congregation , which was established c. 1848 on land donated by Michael Son .
The known history of this area starts in approximately 1842 . By the Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek , this land of 160 acres was in a tract issued to a Choctaw man , Ah-To-Chubee . After their death , the land was deposited in the general land office in Fayetteville .
Michael Son was born in Virginia and their wife Nancy ( born in South Carolina ) in the late 1770s . They , and other Son family members migrated to NW Arkansas via Kentucky and Missouri , and were issued a patent to 40 acres of the land in 1848 . This community is called `` Son 's Chapel '' after the two brothers : Michael & Abram Son , who settled here , in what was wooded farmland . The Son 's built a home and in 1852 , being good community citizens , conveyed about 2 acres of land , for $ 2 , to the Methodist Protestant Church , for a cemetery and churchyard . A log chapel , called `` Son 's Chapel '' , was built on the north end of the cemetery and was used for both church activities and a community school . Three different denominations held services there in the early days as well as various community groups who also used the building .
When the small log building could no longer serve the needs of a growing farm community , a frame school house was built across the road ( behind the current chapel ) and discussion started about how a community center could be built .
The Rural Builders Association , formed in 1922 , still supports the care and maintenance of the building through fund raising efforts . Son 's Chapel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as of 2006 . The bronze plaque is mounted outside the front door .
The Son 's Chapel Cemetery across the street has acquired several more tracts of land to attain its present size and is one of the oldest cemeteries in the county . While no `` famous '' people are buried there , there are many old pioneer graves , and some unmarked graves , whether pauper , slave or Indian . It is still an active cemetery with its own Board of Trustees , who holds an annual workday and Memorial Service on Memorial Day week-end . Nancy Son , wife of Michael Son is the only Son buried there . Michael Son is buried with their brother in Missouri . In the mid 19th Century , the City of Fayetteville built the County Poor Farm adjacent to the Cemetery and most probably buried some indigents in unmarked graves . The `` Poor Farm '' was here until relocated to Mt . Comfort in the 1880s .
Bibliography :
The History of Son 's Chapel by Trisha Beland , presented to WCHS in 2007
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County , Arkansas
References
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Arkansas
Buildings and structures completed in 1933
Churches in Washington County , Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Fayetteville , Arkansas
1933 establishments in Arkansas
Reno is a hamlet in northern Alberta , Canada , within Northern Sunrise County . It is located east of Highway 2 , approximately northeast of Grande Prairie . It is probably named after Reno , Nevada .
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Reno had a population of 20 living in 6 of its 7 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of 20 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Reno had a population of 20 living in 7 of its 7 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2011 population of 5 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016 .
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
Northern Sunrise County
The 1939 elections to select inductees to the Baseball Hall of Fame were the last ones conducted prior to the Hall 's opening that year . Needing just one addition to complete the initial goal of 10 inductees from the 20th century , members of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America ( BBWAA ) were once again given authority to select any players active in the 20th century , excepting active players . Difficulties in convening the Centennial Commission of the previous two years led to an even smaller Old-Timers Committee selecting inductees from the 19th century – a cause of particular urgency to many who had been anticipating the five promised but unfulfilled selections in that area for over three years .
In the BBWAA election , voters were instructed to cast votes for 10 candidates ; any candidate receiving votes on at least 75 % of the ballots would be honored with induction to the Hall upon its opening in Cooperstown , New York , on June 12 of that year . After the Hall 's opening , a special election was also held in December . Because the initial goal for the Hall 's opening of selecting 10 players from the 20th century had now been met , it was further decided to delay the next election until 1942 , even though observers widely believed that electing three players per year ( 12 had been elected in four regular BBWAA elections ) had turned out to be an ideal rate .
BBWAA regular election
A total of 274 ballots were cast , with 2,710 individual votes for 108 specific candidates , an average of 9.89 per ballot ; 206 votes were required for election . Although three stars of the 1920s did very well , the balloting was otherwise dominated by players of the 1900s and 1910s , who many voters felt should be given priority . Players who had been retired over 20 years received 60 % of the votes , and accounted for 14 of the top 20 in the balloting . Due to frustration over the fact that no 19th century players had yet been selected , a number of players from that era whose careers extended into the 20th century only briefly ( or not at all ) even received some votes , as did some managers . The results were announced in January 1939 . The three candidates who received at least 75 % of the vote and were elected are indicated in bold italics ; candidates who have since been selected in subsequent elections are indicated in italics :
Old-Timers Committee
As the opening of the Hall approached , criticism mounted that no 19th century figures who were known primarily as players had yet been selected , when basic plans nearly four years earlier had promised five as an ideal initial number . In addition , the six-member Centennial Commission which had selected honorees in the previous two years never had an opportunity to meet . As a result , a smaller `` Hall of Fame Committee '' ( also known as the Old-Timers Committee ) of only three members—Commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis , National League president Ford Frick , and American League president Will Harridge—was formed to choose appropriate honorees ; their selections were announced on May 2 , less than six weeks before the Hall 's opening . They chose six inductees , all of whom were deceased ; of the 13 committee selections between 1937 and 1939 , only Connie Mack was still living at the time of the Hall 's opening ( his Athletics played in the inaugural Hall of Fame game ) . The committee 's choices included the two players who had tied for first in the failed 1936 Veterans vote ( the third- and fourth-place finishers had by this time been selected by the BBWAA ; the sixth-place choice had been selected by an earlier committee ) :
Cap Anson , a star first baseman from the 1870s through the late 1890s , and also a successful manager , who is now widely recognized as the first player to collect 3000 hits in the topmost professional leagues .
Buck Ewing , the game 's premier catcher in the 1880s and early 1890s .
The remaining inductees were :
Charles `` Old Hoss '' Radbourn , who won 309 games in an 11-year career in the 1880s , including a record 60 wins in 1884 ; they had finished seventh in the 1936 vote .
Albert Spalding , the game 's best pitcher in the 1870s ( 252 wins from 1871 to 1876 ) , who managed Chicago to the first NL pennant and later became not only part owner of the team and the club president , but also the founder of a major sporting goods company .
Charles Comiskey , a defensive standout at first base in the 1880s who also managed their team to four consecutive pennants and later became owner of the Chicago White Sox , elected more for their overall influence on the game than for their playing days .
William `` Candy '' Cummings , who the committee members decided had the strongest claim to having invented the curveball .
Special election of Lou Gehrig
At the major league winter meetings in Cincinnati in December 1939 , the BBWAA held a special election to act on Lou Gehrig , who had announced their retirement that summer after being diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . The writers elected Gehrig to the Hall of Fame ( the results of that election are unknown ) and also determined to postpone the next regular election until 1942 , as the initial quota of 10 inductees from the 20th century had been met .
References
External links
1939 Election at www.baseballhalloffame
Baseball Hall of Fame balloting
1939 in baseball
Le voyageur du Mésozoïque , written by Franquin and Greg , drawn by Franquin with assistance by Jidéhem , is the thirteenth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series . The title story , and another , La Peur au bout du fil , were first serialised in Spirou magazine before the release in a hardcover album in 1960 .
Story
In The Traveller from the Mesozoic Era , The Count of Champignac sensationally returns from an Antarctic expedition with an intact dinosaur egg believed to be from the Jurassic period . Back in Champignac , the Count 's closest professor friends arrive ( along with unpleasant atomic science genius , Sprtschk ) and proceed to plan ways to hatch the egg . With the interference of a free-roaming Marsupilami , and Fantasio acting out of sorts due to a cooling incident with an ice truck , control is soon lost , and the village of Champignac has a big dinosaur problem on its hands .
In the included story , La Peur au bout du fil , the Count continues to develop concoctions from mushrooms , but in a thoughtless moment they mistake the toxic X4 residue from their cup of coffee , causing them to undergo big changes . Their usually benevolent personality is inversed into pure evil , and Spirou , Fantasio and `` the Biologist '' must act to protect the village from this new , unlikely terrorist .
Background
In their first Spirou adventure cameo , Gaston Lagaffe appears discreetly in two frames . Other character introductions include the Count 's colleagues Schwarz , Black and Alexandre Specimen ( usually called `` Le Biologiste '' ) . Another first appearance is that of Champignac town drunk , Célestin Dupilon .
As the bonus story La Peur au bout du fil credits long time Franquin collaborators Greg and Jidéhem with the usual `` scenario '' and `` decors '' , but without mention of Franquin himself , it has been suggested that in this instance the collaborators have completed the story themselves . If this is the case , no apparent difference in line style can be discerned .
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
Footnotes
External links
Spirou official site album index
Franquin site album index
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1960 graphic novels
1960 in comics
Dinosaurs in comic books
Living dinosaurs in fiction
Works originally published in Spirou ( magazine )
Literature first published in serial form
Juuso Ikonen ( born 3 January 1995 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for HPK in the Liiga .
Playing career
Undrafted , Ikonen in the 2012 regular season with Espoo Blues they had four goals and five assists in 20 games . In the playoffs , they had four goals and two assists in 15 games . Their goals included one overtime game-winner .
In the 2016–17 season , Ikonen joined Djurgårdens IF of the SHL and was unable to find their footing in posting just 4 points in 25 games before transferring to Brynäs IF on 8 February 2017 . On 15 May 2017 , Ikonen after an initial successful spell with Swedish club , Brynäs IF , agreed to sign a one-year extension through 2018 .
In the following 2017–18 season , Ikonen contributed with 12 goals and 26 points in 49 games to help Brynäs qualify for the playoffs . They added a further 3 goals and 5 points in 8 games during the post season .
On 2 May 2018 , Ikonen , as a free agent , agreed to terms on a two-year , two-way contract with the Washington Capitals of the NHL . After attending the Capitals training camp , Ikonen was assigned to AHL affiliate , the Hershey Bears for the duration of the 2018–19 season . Ikonen struggled to produce offense with the Bears , totalling just 4 goals and 14 points in 54 games , failing to earn a recall to the NHL .
On 17 May 2019 , Ikonen was placed on unconditional waivers by the Capitals and upon clearing was released from the remaining year of their contract to become a free agent . Ikonen opted to return and continue their professional career in Sweden , agreeing to a two-year contract with HV71 on 15 July 2019 .
International play
Ikonen was a regular participant in national junior teams . They were selected to the 2012 and 2013 IIHF World U18 Championships and the 2015 World Junior Ice Hockey Championship .
Personal
Their father Juha Ikonen is former Blues captain and their all-time leading scorer .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Espoo
Brynäs IF players
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
Espoo Blues players
Finnish ice hockey forwards
Hershey Bears players
HPK players
HV71 players
JYP Jyväskylä players
Oulun Kärpät players
The 2019 Israeli Basketball Premier League Final Four , for sponsorship reasons the Winner League Final Four , the concluding tournament of the 2018–19 Israeli Basketball Premier League . The event was hosted at the Menora Mivtachim Arena , Tel Aviv from June 10 until June 13 , 2019 .
Maccabi Tel Aviv have won the title for the 53rd time after defeating Maccabi Rishon LeZion 89–75 in the Final . John DiBartolomeo was named the Final Four MVP .
Results
Bracket
Semifinals
Final
References
External links
IBA 's official website ( Hebrew )
2019 Final Four
Giovanni Salviati ( 24 March 1490 – 28 October 1553 ) was a Florentine diplomat and cardinal . They were a papal legate in France , and conducted negotiations with the Emperor Charles V .
Biography
Salviati was born in Florence to Jacopo Salviati , son of Giovanni Salviati and Maddalena Gondi , and Lucrezia di Lorenzo de ' Medici , elder daughter of Lorenzo de ' Medici . Pope Leo X , who raised them to the cardinalate in 1517 , was Lorenzo 's son , and therefore Giovanni 's uncle . Their brother Bernardo Salviati and nephew Anton Maria Salviati also became cardinals . They were also Cousin of Catherine de ' Medici from whom they derived patronage .
They held many posts . They were protonotary apostolic , bishop of Porto e Santa Rufina , and sub-dean of the Sacred College of Cardinals . In 1526 Salviati signed for their cousin , Pope Clement VII , the League of Cognac against Charles V. They became Bishop of Albano in 1543 . They were appointed Administrator of Oloron Diocese in 1520. and attended the Papal conclave of 1549–50 as a cardinal .
They were on friendly terms with Machiavelli , writing to him . The artist Cecchino Salviati ( Francesco de ' Rossi ) took the name Salviati from Giovanni , who was their patron . They employed the composer Jacques du Pont .
Salviati died in Ravenna on 28 October 1553 .
Notes
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20171229105748/http : //www.italycyberguide.com/History/factspersons/s.htm
http : //www.nuovorinascimento.org/n-rinasc/ipertest/html/orlando/salviati.htm
1490 births
1553 deaths
16th-century Italian cardinals
Cardinal-bishops of Albano
Cardinal-bishops of Porto
Cardinal-bishops of Sabina
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops of Saint-Papoul
Cardinal-nephews
Giovanni
BMW M GmbH , formerly known as BMW Motorsport GmbH , is a subsidiary of BMW AG that manufactures high-performance cars .
BMW M ( `` M '' for `` motorsport '' ) was initially created to facilitate BMW 's racing program , which was very successful in the 1960s and 1970s . As time passed , BMW M began to supplement BMW 's vehicle portfolio with specially modified higher trim models , for which they are now most known by the general public . These M-badged cars traditionally include modified engines , transmissions , suspensions , interior trims , aerodynamics , and exterior modifications to set them apart from their counterparts . All M models are tested and tuned at BMW 's private facility at the Nürburgring racing circuit in Germany .
BMW M also provides M packages for the BMW S1000RR motorcycle , with a limited-production 2021-onwards homologation-special , race-type machine designated M1000RR .
History
Origins
Established in May 1972 with 35 employees , it grew to 400 employees by 1988 , and is currently an integral part of BMW 's market presence . The first racing project was BMW 's 3.0 CSL . After this came the BMW 530MLE in 1976 . It was designed to compete in South Africa 's Modified Production Series instead of the regular E12 528i . 100 homologated road cars had to be produced for this .
After the success of BMW M products like BMW 3.0 CSL in racing venues and the growing market for high performance sports cars , M introduced cars for sale to the public . The first official M-badged car for sale to the public was the M1 , revealed at the Paris Motor Show in 1978 . The M1 , however , was more of a racecar in domestic trim than an everyday driver . The direction of the M cars changed with the 1979 release of the M535i , which was a high performance version of BMW 's popular 5 Series mid-size sedan .
In 1993 , BMW Motorsport GmbH changed their name to BMW M GmbH .
BMW Motorsport GmbH supplied the 6.1-litre V12 DOHC 48 valve engine that powers the McLaren F1 , which , like its engine supplier and manufacturer , has enjoyed plenty of racing success , famously winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1995 , the first year of competition for the GTR racing variant .
Recent history
At present , BMW M has offered modified versions of nearly every BMW nameplate , except for the Z1 , 7 Series flagship luxury sedan and the X1 compact crossover SUVs . There is no BMW M version of the 7 Series , as BMW did not want its flagship saloon to be powered by a high-revving engine , and as the recent top-performing versions ( usually the BMW 760Li ) have V12 engines which while powerful are considered too heavy for a sporty offshoot . So far the unofficial `` BMW M7 '' is the Alpina B7 , which is produced on BMW 's assembly line though its engine and finishing touches are done by auto tuner Alpina . However , as BMW M shifted to turbocharged engines , there are rumors that there is an in-house BMW M7 in the works , and it is speculated that its performance may exceed that of the BMW 760Li and Alpina B7 .
The BMW X5 and X6 sport activity vehicles received M derivatives for the 2010 model year onwards . These are the first M vehicles with xDrive four-wheel drive and automatic transmissions , and also the first M-badged SUV models . However , the E70 and E71 X5 and X6 M were actually developed by BMW Group rather than by BMW M .
Although these are considered the most well known in-house tuning divisions , BMW M has a considerably different philosophy than Mercedes-AMG . BMW M has emphasized tuning only vehicles with `` Lateral agility '' ( which has long been the 3 Series , 5 Series , and roadsters ) , while AMG has created high-performance versions of many of its nameplates , including flagship sedans and SUVs . Accordingly , `` an M car has to be responsive and fundamentally keen on turning as well as accelerating . The M5 's technical spec is all about connecting the driver to a car that reacts blindingly fast , whatever request the driver hands down . '' Until the 2010 model year , BMW M has also never used supercharging or turbocharging , unlike Mercedes-AMG or Audi ; for instance the E39 and E60 iterations of the BMW M5 ( using naturally-aspirated engines ) competed against the Mercedes-Benz E55 AMG ( with a supercharged V8 ) and the Audi RS6 ( twin-turbo ) .
BMW M vehicles typically use manual and automatic transmissions ( the most recent type being a dual-clutch transmission ) , in contrast to Mercedes-AMG which largely has automatic transmissions ( the 7-speed AMG SpeedShift MCT , which is a multi-clutch automatic transmission , but not a dual-clutch transmission , was used on new models from 2009 onward ) . However , the North American market E36 M3s in sedan and convertible form were the first M-vehicles offered with a traditional torque-converter automatic transmission .
BMW M engines were traditionally large displacement naturally aspirated high revving engines , particularly the S85 V10 in the E60 M5 and E63 M6 and the related S65 V8 in the E90 M3 . These are the most powerful engines BMW has ever built ( not including the BMW S70/2 ) without supercharging or turbocharging , with an output of 100 hp per liter of displacement , and each has won numerous International Engine of the Year Awards . As late as the early 2000s , BMW regarded forced-induction ( supercharging or turbocharging ) as low-tech shortcuts to boosting horsepower , stating that this adds weight and complexity while reducing throttle response . BMW purists have noted that while forced induction and/or large displacement does produce more torque for better day-to-day driving , most of them like the `` character '' and sound of low displacement naturally aspirated engines with high redlines .
However , the late 2000s international regulations trends on reducing emissions and fuel consumption are cited as the reasons not to continue further development on naturally aspirated high redline engines . The N54 twin-turbo inline-6 which debuted in the 2007 BMW 335i ( E90 ) gives almost equivalent performance to the E46 and E90 iterations of the BMW M3 , while being much more practical and fuel-efficient as a daily driver . Starting with the X5 M and X6 M , and featured in the F10 M5 , BMW used the twin-turbocharged S63 which not only produces more horsepower and torque , but is also more efficient than the S85 V10 . Also unlike the S85 and S65 which do not share a design with non-M BMW engines , the S63 has significant parts commonality with the base N63 V8 engine ( which is also has twin turbochargers ) making them less expensive to build . BMW has not yet considered supercharging .
From 2013 , the BMW M3 ( E92/E93 ) is the only `` traditional '' M car left , as the rest of the list features turbocharged engines , and the next iteration of the M3 ( F80 ) and M4 ( F82/F83 ) features a twin-turbocharged straight-6 engine .
M cars versus M-badged cars
Apart from the pinnacle M versions of each model , BMW Motorsport also offers `` M Sport '' accessories upgrades to cars in its lineup . This single purchase option , which is superior to the standards Sports Package , includes a more sporty suspension , sports steering wheel and gearshift , fully-adjustable sport seats , sports wheels and a sports aerodynamic package . Cars with the `` M Sport '' option , while not being the pinnacle M model of each series are considerably sportier than the stock model .
Vehicles with the `` M Sport '' upgrade feature smaller M badges on the wheels , front fenders , steering wheel , gearshift and door sills , whilst fully-fledged M cars have larger `` M '' badges on the grille and/or trunk , wheels , steering wheel , gearshift and door sills with the model number ( e.g. , `` M4 '' or `` M5 '' ) . Two exceptions are the M Roadster and M Coupe models , both Z3 , Z4 and 1 Series variants , which only have an `` M '' badge with no number displayed on the boot . However , these cars are still proper M cars .
BMW has offered these 'M Sport ' options on their standard vehicles since the late 1970s which explains why these vehicles carry M badges straight from the factory . In comparison , vehicle maker Audi also employs this same type of nomenclature . There are fully fledged 'S ' models ( S4 , S5 , S6 , S7 and TTS ) , as well as an optional 'S'-line package that can be equipped to their standard vehicle lineup .
An example of 'M'-badged vehicles in recent times include the 5 Series and 6 Series only had a choice of either a manual or automatic transmission , but the 'M ' Sport package had an optional Sequential Sport Gearbox ( SSG ) ( a gearbox similar to the M5 and M6 ( SMG ) ) until after the 2007 model year .
M Performance models
In 2012 BMW introduced a new category for M cars , branded as M Performance , designed “ to bridge the gap between M Sport variants and the outright M high-performance models. “ The lineup included the diesel-powered M550d in saloon and touring body styles , X5 M50d , and X6 M50d , marking the first diesel-powered BMW models to ever carry M-badging . The gasoline-powered M135i debuted shortly after .
BMW has since announced M Performance variants of nearly every model in their lineup , including three new electric models , the i4 , ix and the i7 .
Exceptions
The 2010 X5 and X6-based M vehicles bore their normal model designations followed by the `` M '' stripe badge ( the X5 M and X6 M ) . If the nomenclature followed tradition , then they would have had an MX5 and MX6 , already used by Mazda .
The Z3-based M Roadster and M Coupe bore numberless `` M '' badges as standard fitment .
The first generation Z4-based Z4 M Roadster and Z4 M Coupe bore their normal model designations followed by the `` M '' stripe badge ( the Z4 M Roadster and Z4 M Coupe ) .
The M635CSi followed the M535i naming tradition but was a fully-fledged M-Car ( the M6 ) .
The BMW 1 Series-based M cars is called the BMW 1 Series M Coupe to avoid confusion with the original BMW M1 .
List of Cars
Current M cars
M2 – F87 coupé ( 2015–2021 )
M3 – G80 saloon , G81 estate ( 2021– )
M4 – G82 coupé , G83 Cabriolet ( 2021– )
M5 – F90 saloon ( 2017– )
M8 – F92 coupé , F91 convertible , F93 gran coupé ( 2019– )
X3 M – F97 ( 2019– )
X4 M – F98 ( 2019– )
X5 M – F95 ( 2020– )
X6 M – F96 ( 2020– )
Current M Performance models
i4 M50 xDrive - G26 BEV gran coupé ( 2021– )
M135i xDrive – F40 five-door hatchback ( 2019– )
M235i xDrive - F44 gran coupé ( 2019– )
M240i xDrive - G42 coupé ( 2021- )
M340i/M340i xDrive and M340d xDrive - G20 saloon and G21 estate ( 2019– )
M440i xDrive and M440d xDrive - G22 coupé and G23 convertible ( 2020– )
M550i xDrive and M550d xDrive - G30 saloon and G31 estate ( 2017– )
M760Li xDrive - G12 saloon ( 2017– )
M760e xDrive - G70 saloon ( 2023– )
M850i xDrive - G14 convertible , G15 coupé , and G16 gran coupé ( 2019– )
X2 M35i - F39 ( 2019– )
X3 M40i and X3 M40d - G01 ( 2018– )
X4 M40i and X4 M40d - G02 ( 2018– )
X5 M50i and X5 M50d - G05 ( 2019– )
X6 M50i and X6 M50d - G06 ( 2019– )
X7 M50i and X7 M50d - G07 ( 2019– )
Z4 M40i - G29 ( 2019– )
Previous M cars
M-badged cars
All these cars are true BMW Motorsport models , not M-line sport models that bear BMW Motorsport features such as sport body kits , and interior specs .
E12 M535i ( 1979–1981 ) – often considered the first mass-production vehicle built by BMW Motorsport
E31 850CSi ( 1992–1996 ) – an M car in all but name ; it had a BMW M–sourced engine and its VIN indicated that it was developed by BMW Motorsport , like all other M cars .
M-engined cars
In the late 1980s , due to prohibitive taxes for cars above 2.0-litres of engine displacement in Italy and Portugal , BMW decided to build the E30 320is as an alternative to the 2.3-litre M3 . This car was equipped with a shorter stroke S14 engine and produced 192 PS . BMW produced a total of 3648 units between 9/1987 and 11/1990 of which a majority of 2542 units were made available in two-door form ( code name AK95 ) . No catalytic converters were installed on this limited version . The steering rack , springs , shock absorbers , and brakes were similar to the normal E30 6-cylinder models ( i.e . 325i ) with sports suspension . The engine was mated to a Getrag 265 5-speed transmission in dog-leg configuration .
Competition
Audi 's RS models , Mercedes-Benz 's AMG models , and Lexus F models are often reviewed in direct competition to a similarly sized BMW M car , such as the Lexus IS-F vs. Audi RS4 vs. Mercedes C63 AMG vs. BMW M3 .
In contrast to aftermarket tuners , Alpina BMW-based cars are currently mostly built by BMW on its production lines and are more comfort-oriented . Alpina is recognized as a car manufacturer and works very closely with BMW , sometimes participating in the development of BMW models and engines . Some Alpina models are even sold in North-America by BMW and either compete with the BMW M6 Gran Coupé , in the case of the Alpina B6 Gran Coupé , or replace them , in the case of the Alpina B7 as there is no M7 variant of the 7 Series to compete with the model .
BMW M also faces competition from several independent companies offering their own performance versions of BMW models ; some performance packs can be retrofitted to existing cars while others are applied to new cars bought directly from BMW AG and converted prior to first registration . Such companies include Hamann Motorsport , Dinan Cars , G-Power , AC Schnitzer and Hartge .
See also
BMW in motorsport
BMW Motorsport
BMW model designations
History of BMW
Audi S and RS models
Mercedes-AMG
Alfa Romeo Quadrifoglio
References
External links
BMW M : Home of high performance cars
BMW Motorsport ( competition ) website
BMW
Automotive companies established in 1972
Official motorsports and performance division of automakers
1972 establishments in West Germany
Liberal elite , also referred to as the metropolitan elite or progressive elite , is a stereotype of politically liberal people whose education had traditionally opened the doors to affluence , wealth and power and who form a managerial elite . It is commonly invoked pejoratively , with the implication that the people who claim to support the rights of the working class are themselves members of the ruling classes and are therefore out of touch with the real needs of the people they claim to support and protect .
Because the label is a rhetorical device , it carries flexible meaning depending on the circumstances in which it is used . The concept arose in the United States , but has spread to other English-speaking countries , where the term metropolitan elite is more common because liberal can have the opposite meaning , depending on country .
Usage
Canada
Canadian news outlet CBC reported on an event for supporters of Doug Ford ( the premier of Ontario ) . A supporter described elites as `` Those that think they 're better than me '' . Doug Ford also described elites as `` people who look down on the average , common folk , thinking they 're smarter and that they know better to tell us how to live our lives '' . Alex Marland of the Memorial University of Newfoundland commented on Justin Trudeau 's popularity with `` liberal elites in metropolitan cities '' in an article published on ResearchGate entitled `` The brand image of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in international context '' .
China
The term baizuo ( Chinese : 白左 ) is used to refer to left Liberal ideas commonly associated with the White people in the Western world . This term depicted them as unrealistic , out of touch and love virtue signalling
It also has been widely used in Taiwan ; this term specifically refers to white people in the West who often have higher education levels , liberal views , unrealistic expectations of the real world , and obsession over standing up for minorities even though they are not offended .
Hong Kong
The term called zo gaau ( Chinese : 左膠 ; Jyutping : zo2 gaau1 ) is widely used for similar effect in Hong Kong , which literally mean `` left dumbass '' or `` leftard '' . This term began appearing in Hong Kong political discourse in the 2010s , first in traditional media outlets then quickly spread to online . This term refers to those who advocate peace , equality and non-violence in a unrealistic way only to satisfy their moral superiority . Their ideas are too lofty and sometimes ignore the imperfections of the real world in pursuit of their unrealistic dream .
India
In India , the term 'liberal elite ' is used to describe the English speaking , left-leaning establishment , aligned to Nehruvian socialism and Marxism , who have formed much of the mainstream intelligentsia and the ruling political class of India , since its independence in 1947 . Indian National Congress , often referred to as the 'Grand Old Party ' of India , is a left-liberal party , which has dominated the Indian politics for much of its independent history .
Malaysia
In Malaysia , the term Bangsar Bubble is used to describe affluent Malay youth usually the highly educated group and high-income groups ( mostly T20 with M40 factions ) , notably in Bangsar area of the Klang Valley . The term is initially used by leftists to criticize liberals who lack class analysis , sooner that term was then appropriated to also refer to the Malays who have embraced the Western left progressive thinking . The group usually associated with advocating some Western progressive issues such as LGBT rights which is a taboo topic in the country , human rights , secularism , and racial issues . In terms of social media , they often used Twitter compared to Facebook , which the latter is dominated by the conservatives . They also have been accused of ethnic self-hatred as some of them are usually ashamed enough of their Malay blood and refusing to speak Malay . The group usually endorse the Pakatan Harapan coalition or the Malaysian United Democratic Alliance ( MUDA ) .
South Korea
`` Gangnam Leftist '' ( ) refers to the highly educated and high-income class with left-liberal tendencies in South Korean politics and society . They are mainly composed of 386 Generations in the upper class . In South Korea , the term is used with the same meaning as `` limousine liberal '' ( ) . They are sometimes referred to as `` Gangnam liberal '' , and are differentiated from the traditional South Korean ( socialists and social democrats ) leftist forces centered on the labor movement .
Gangnam leftist is a political term in South Korea , but it is also often used to refer to liberal politicians in countries other than South Korea . For example , Emmanuel Macron and Joe Biden have been referred to as `` Gangnam leftist '' in South Korean media .
Philippines
The Tagalog term dilawan , which means ‘ yellow ones ' in reference to the color of liberalism as an ideology and movement ( cf. , pulahan for ‘ Reds ' ) , is used to describe a “ discredited brand of transactional reform politics ” en vogue since the 1986 People Power Revolution ( EDSA I ) . EDSA I , also known as the Yellow Revolution , has been disdained by detractors as a “ revolution of mere elites rather than a revolution of the whole people ” , and one which “ ignor [ ed ] the existence of the toiling masses and peasants in agrarian Philippines ” . The term 's usage originated in the 1980s as a pejorative for Liberal Party loyalists and politically aligned groups or individuals , often associated with the genteel English-speaking elite . It gained renewed currency during the 2016 Philippine presidential election among hardline supporters of Rodrigo Duterte . In the country 's English-language political-economic discourse , liberal elite is the term employed .
More than a decade prior to Duterte 's election , in January 2001 , the EDSA II protests , which have been denounced by critics as unrepresentative and elitist , culminated in the resignation under pressure of then-president Joseph Estrada and the installation of Gloria Macapagal Arroyo as their successor . Arroyo , educated abroad and fluent in multiple colonial languages , was highly regarded in liberal elite circles in contrast to Estrada , a university dropout whose proficiency in English was wanting . Populist protests against Arroyo would erupt three months later in what came to be known as EDSA III .
Duterte , while fluent in English , has similarly run afoul of the liberal elite , which repeatedly draws attention not only to their questionable antics—deplored by no less than their daughter Sara—but also to their frequent use of gutter language . This aversion , in turn , to gutter language has been criticized as indicative of a socioeconomically privileged upbringing that renders one out of touch with general society . Such attitudes have been described as a desire on the part of the liberal elite to “ demonize ” detractors by portraying them as somehow morally or intellectually deficient , as well as incapable of critical thought .
Estrada has since come out as a supporter of Duterte , expressing concern that the latter , like himself , might be driven out of office by whom they had referred to years earlier as the “ rich and perfumed ” . Others have echoed Estrada 's depiction of those who had deposed him , notwithstanding Estrada 's own membership in albeit another section of the broader Philippine elite , or have similarly denounced what has been described as the moralism and sham decency of the liberal elite . Ultimately , Duterte 's rise to power has come to be seen as the “ people 's verdict ” on both the failures of the liberal order and what has been felt as the glibness of its domestic champions .
United Kingdom
The Liberal elite is referred to by various terms in British political discourse . Hampstead Socialist and Hampstead liberal have been used , referring to the North London area of Hampstead . Although the Conservatives represent some of the council wards of the area , the wider constituency of Hampstead and Kilburn has often elected Labour MPs , including the 2015 incumbent , and the seats in Hampstead Town ward have previously been won by the Liberal Democrats .
The term Hampstead Socialist was regularly used by Nick Griffin , the former leader of the British National Party and the phrase `` North London metropolitan liberal elite '' has been used by Home Secretary Priti Patel . Due to the high Jewish population of this area , references to `` North London '' elites have been accused by some , such as the Jewish Labour Movement , as a form of coded antisemitism .
Another term that has gained currency is Islington set . Emily Thornberry , Labour Party MP for Islington South and Finsbury , resigned as a member of the Shadow Cabinet on 20 November 2014 during the Rochester and Strood by-election , in which they tweeted a picture of a house draped with England flags and a white van parked outside with the caption 'Image from Rochester ' , thought by many to be a snobby jibe . Simon Danczuk , the Labour MP for Rochdale , commented that Thornberry 's tweet furthers the perception that the Labour Party `` has been hijacked by the north London liberal elite '' .
United States
In the United States , the apocryphal lifestyle of the liberal elite is often referenced in popular culture . Columnist Dave Barry drew attention to these stereotypes when they commented , `` Do we truly believe that ALL red-state residents are ignorant racist fascist knuckle-dragging NASCAR-obsessed cousin-marrying roadkill-eating tobacco-juice-dribbling gun-fondling religious fanatic rednecks ; or that ALL blue-state residents are godless unpatriotic pierced-nose Volvo-driving France-loving left-wing communist latte-sucking tofu-chomping holistic-wacko neurotic vegan weenie perverts ? ''
A 2004 political advertisement from the right-wing organization Club for Growth attacked the Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean by portraying them as part of the liberal elite : `` Howard Dean should take their tax-hiking , government-expanding , latte-drinking , sushi-eating , Volvo-driving , New York Times-reading , body-piercing , Hollywood-loving , left-wing freak show back to Vermont , where it belongs . ''
Those Americans who equate intellectual pursuits and careers with elitism often point out American intellectuals , most of whom are upper-middle-class not upper-class , are primarily liberal . , approximately 72 % of professors identify themselves as liberals . At Ivy League universities , an even larger majority , 87 % of professors identified themselves as liberals . People with post-graduate degrees are increasingly Democratic .
See also
Notes
References
Further reading
Political slurs for people
British political phrases
Political terminology in Canada
Political terminology in India
Philippine political catchphrases
Political terminology of the United States
Political terminology in South Korea
High society ( social class )
Economic liberalism
Social liberalism
Upper class culture
Urbanization
Amirabad ( , also Romanized as Amīrābād ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 172 , in 41 families .
See also
List of cities , towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Phra That Kham Kaen , ( Thai : พระธาตุขามแก่น ) located at Ban Kham village , Nam Phong District , about 30 kilometers North East of Khon Kaen town in Khon Kaen Province , is a Thai Buddhist chedi . Phra That Kham Kaen is located at Wat Chetiyaphum along ( west ) Rural Road 4007 , north of the village center . Kham Kaen means heartwood of the tamarind tree .
History of Phra That Kham Kaen , Khon Kaen
The Phra That Kham Kaen is an important , revered chedi for the people of Khon Kaen and surrounding provinces because they believe that the chedi will protect their lives and bring peace and success . The 19-meter-high structure is also said to contain a relic of the Buddha - an ancient document . The town of Khon Kaen was named after this chedi . It is also depicted on Khon Kaen 's provincial seal and flag .
According to legend , when young monks journeyed to Nakhon Phanom to house holy relics of the Buddha , they passed an old dead tamarind tree trunk on a small prominent hill about 5 km east of the Phong River . They stopped to rest and placed the relics on the dead tree . When , after several days of visiting in Nakhon Phanom , they found that there was not enough room left there for the holy relics , they re-traced their journey back to the west . They arrived again at this old tamarind tree stump . With great astonishment they saw that a new blooming offshoot grew out of the old tree stump . They saw this as a good omen and decided to build a thât ( four-sided , curvilinear reliquary stupa ) there with the help of local residents . Upon completion , they placed a holy relic within .
There is no actual evidence of the date on construction of Phra That Kham Kaen . It is believed that the temple was constructed at the same time as Phra That Si Song Rak in Loei Province ( in the 17th Century ) as both share common fundamental structural details , i.e . a low base and golden Lao-style . At this time the area was either part of the seminal Lao Kingdom of Lan Xang or its successors Kingdoms , Vientiane or Champasak . The area was not annexed into the Thai Kingdom until 1828 .
Wat grounds and structures
The Phra That Kham Kaen chedi is located on the grounds of the Wat Chetiyaphum temple . Other buildings on the grounds include an ubosot or ordination hall and a viharn or assembly hall , guarded by two white lions . The top ends of the multi-tiered roofs are adorned with typical golden chofa . The ubosot has blue painted gables and the entrance is flanked by two multi-tiered ceremonial umbrellas .
The Phra That Kham Kaen is now recently renovated and landscaped , and the center of an annual celebration , held on the full moon day of the 6th lunar month . The local residents make merit and pay homage at the chedi . Several cultural and musical performances are held .
External links
Wat Chetiyaphum Khon Kaen วัดเจติยภูมิ ขอนแก่น ( in French )
References
Buddhist temples in Khon Kaen Province
WJMX ( 1400 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format . Licensed to Darlington , South Carolina , United States , it serves the Florence area . The station is owned by iHeartMedia , Inc. , through licensee iHM Licenses , LLC , and features programming from Westwood One . Its studios are located in Florence , and its transmitter is located in Darlington .
History
At one time this station was called WDAR . In the 60s and 70s it was known as `` Top Gun Country WDAR '' . Other formats have included beautiful music , classic rock ( simulcast with WDAR-FM ) and adult standards .
Prior to the switch to WWRK , this station was WPFM and was located at 1350 AM . In 1997 , when it was owned by Root Communications , Ltd. , WPFM applied to change its frequency to 1400 AM .
Qantum Communications Inc. purchased Florence 's Root Communications Group LP stations in 2003 . At that time , WPFM had moved from 1350 to 1400 .
WWRK played gospel music as `` The Light '' and was simulcast on WDSC .
In September 2012 , WWRK began simulcasting urban contemporary WRZE `` Swagga 94.1 '' . The station changed its call sign to the current WJMX on October 30 , 2013 , swapping calls with its sister station at 970 AM .
On May 15 , 2014 , Qantum Communications announced that it would sell its 29 stations , including WJMX , to Clear Channel Communications ( now iHeartMedia ) , in a transaction connected to Clear Channel 's sale of WALK AM-FM in Patchogue , New York to Connoisseur Media via Qantum . The transaction was consummated on September 9 , 2014 .
Translators
In addition to the main station , WJMX is relayed by two translators to widen its broadcast area .
References
External links
JMX
IHeartMedia radio stations
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1955
1955 establishments in South Carolina
Brigadier General José Semidei Rodríguez ( September 12 , 1868 - February 19 , 1958 ) was a Puerto Rican soldier and diplomat . They participated in Cuban independence movement that immediately preceded the Spanish–American War . Before becoming a brigadier general in the Cuban National Army , Semidei Rodríguez fought in the Cuban War of Independence ( 1895–1898 ) as a member of the Cuban Liberation Army , the rebel force which fought for Cuba 's independence from Spanish colonial rule . After Cuba gained its independence they continued to serve in that country as a diplomat .
Early years
Semidei ( sometimes spelled `` Semidey '' ) Rodríguez was born to Pascual Semidei and Celestina Rodríguez in the town of Yauco , Puerto Rico . The Semidei 's were among the hundreds of Corsican families which immigrated to Puerto Rico as a result of the various economic and political changes in the mid-19th century Europe ; among those factors were the social-economic changes which came about in Europe as a result of the Second Industrial Revolution , political discontent and widespread crop failure due to long periods of drought , and crop diseases .
Another influential factor was that Spain had lost most of its possessions in the so-called `` New World '' and feared the possibility of a rebellion in its last two Caribbean possessions—Puerto Rico and Cuba . As a consequence the Spanish Crown had issued the Royal Decree of Graces ( Real Cedula de Gracias ) which fostered and encouraged the immigration of Catholics of non-Hispanic origin to its Caribbean Colonies . The situation and opportunities offered , plus the fact that the geographies of the islands are similar , were ideal for the immigration of hundreds of families , such as the Semidey 's , from Corsica to Puerto Rico . Corsicans and those of Corsican descent have played an instrumental role in the development of the economy of the island , especially in the coffee industry . The Semidei 's , as did the majority of the Corsican immigrants , settled in the southwestern town of Yauco which is located in the southern coast of the island by the Caribbean Sea .
The Semidei 's were dedicated to the cultivation of coffee and within a short period of time were very successful in their venture . Semidei Rodríguez received their primary education in their hometown and in 1879 , they were sent to the Dominican Republic to continue their academic training in that country 's educational institutions .
Cuban War of Independence
The Cuban War of Independence ( 1895–1898 ) , was the last three liberation wars , that Cuba fought against Spain which started on October 10 , 1868 when sugar mill owner Carlos Manuel de Céspedes and their followers proclaimed Cuba 's independence from Spain . The final three months of the last conflict escalated to become the Spanish–American War . Semidei Rodríguez became involved with the Cuban independence movement . On June 5 , 1895 , they participated in the armed expedition headed by Generals Carlos Roloff , Serafin Sánchez and Aurelio C. Rodríguez . According to a New York Times article , published on August 1 , 1895 , the Roloff , Sánchez , Rodríguez expedition carried 280 men , 2,800 rounds of ammunition , 350 rifles 4,700 pounds of dynamite , one Gatling gun and one cannon . The expedition landed near Sagua Lachico , in Santa Clara . The final three months of the last conflict escalated to become the Spanish–American War .
Among the battles in which Semidei Rodríguez fought were the Battles of `` Las Villas '' , where the rebels had 41 encounters with the 40,000 Spanish soldiers , cavalry and infantry , and the Battle of `` Sagua la Grande '' . The war did not end with the death of Cuban Rebel leader General Antonio Maceo Grajales . Even without the Bronze Titan ( as Maceo is remembered ) the Cubans were more than the Spaniards could handle . Spain was finally defeated when the United States intervened in 1898 .
Post war and final years
After the hostilities between Spain , Cuba and the United States came to an end and Cuba was granted its independence , Semidei Rodríguez entered the Cuban National Army with the rank of captain . In 1905 , they were promoted to commandant . They continued to serve and in 1913 was promoted to lieutenant colonel and in 1919 to colonel . On August 19 , 1921 , Semidei Rodríguez was promoted to brigadier general . Semidei Rodríguez retired from the military in 1932 and in 1933 served as a diplomat representing Cuba . They were the appointed Cuban ambassador to the Dominican Republic and Haiti . On February 19 , 1958 , Semidei Rodríguez died in Havana , Cuba .
Further reading
`` Historia militar de Puerto Rico '' ; by Héctor Andrés Negroni ( Author ) ; Publisher : Sociedad Estatal Quinto Centenario ( 1992 ) ; Language : Spanish ; ;
See also
Military history of Puerto Rico
List of Puerto Ricans
List of Puerto Rican military personnel
Corsican immigration to Puerto Rico
Juan Ríus Rivera
Francisco Gonzalo Marín
Notes
References
1868 births
1958 deaths
Puerto Rican Army personnel
People of the Ten Years ' War
Puerto Rican military officers
People from Yauco , Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican people of Corsican descent
Cuban independence activists
19th-century Cuban military personnel
Gargoyle Mountain is a mountain summit located in Jasper National Park , in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta , Canada . The peak is situated 23 kilometres north of the municipality of Jasper , and is a prominent landmark in the Athabasca Valley visible from Highway 16 and the Canadian . Its nearest higher peak is Cliff Mountain , to the west . Gargoyle Mountain was named in 1916 by Morrison P. Bridgland for the fact a stream heads at the mountain , like a gargoyle or spout . Bridgland ( 1878-1948 ) was a Dominion Land Surveyor who named many peaks in Jasper Park and the Canadian Rockies . The mountain 's name was officially adopted in 1956 by the Geographical Names Board of Canada .
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification , Gargoyle Mountain is located in a subarctic climate with cold , snowy winters , and mild summers . Temperatures can drop below -20 °C with wind chill factors below -30 °C . In terms of favorable weather , June through September are the best months to climb . Precipitation runoff from Gargoyle Mountain flows into the Athabasca River .
See also
Geography of Alberta
References
External links
Parks Canada web site : Jasper National Park
Gallery
Canadian Rockies
Two-thousanders of Alberta
Mountains of Jasper National Park
Haft Tanan ( , also Romanized as Haft Tanān ; also known as Haft Tan ) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 159 , in 45 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Gaon Digital Chart , now known as the Circle Digital Chart , is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles in South Korea . Managed by the domestic Ministry of Culture , Sports and Tourism ( MCST ) , its data is compiled by the Korea Music Content Industry Association and published by the Gaon Music Chart . The ranking is based collectively on each single 's download sales , stream count , and background music use . In mid-2008 , the Recording Industry Association of Korea ceased publishing music sales data . The MCST established a process to collect music sales in 2009 , and began publishing its data with the introduction of the Gaon Music Chart the following February . With the creation of the Gaon Digital Chart , digital data for individual songs was provided in the country for the first time . Gaon provides weekly ( listed from Sunday to Saturday ) , monthly , and yearly charts .
Twenty singles reached number one on the Digital Chart in 2021 . `` VVS '' was the first song to top the ranking , doing so for two consecutive weeks . IU had four number-ones on the chart during the year— '' Celebrity '' , `` Lilac '' , `` Nakka '' ( with AKMU ) , and `` Strawberry Moon '' . `` Celebrity '' spent six consecutive weeks at number one and was the best-performing song of the year per Gaon 's year-end report published in January 2022 . `` Rollin ' '' by Brave Girls became a sleeper hit , going viral in February and entering the chart in March for the first time in the four years since its release . It spent five non-consecutive weeks at number one , and ranked second on the year-end chart . `` Stay '' by Australian singer the Kid Laroi , and Canadian singer Justin Bieber , became the first song by an all non-South Korean act to top Gaon 's weekly chart since its inception in 2010 . `` Celebrity '' , `` Rollin ' '' , `` Butter '' by BTS , `` Foolish Love '' by M.O.M , and `` Stay '' were the only songs to spend at least five weeks atop the chart .
On the monthly charts , IU had three number-one songs during the year : `` Celebrity '' topped the chart for February , `` Lilac '' for April , and `` Strawberry Moon '' for November . Brave Girls is the only artist to top the monthly chart twice with the same song : `` Rollin ' '' was number one for March and May .
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
References
External links
Current Gaon Digital Chart
2021 singles
Korea , South singles
2021 in South Korean music
Hajjiabad ( , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District , Sarvelayat District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 139 , in 49 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Aboriginal Law may refer to
Canadian Aboriginal law
Customary law in Australia
Aboriginal title in the United States
CJTL-FM , is a Canadian radio station , that broadcasts a First Nations and Christian radio programming at 96.5 FM in Pickle Lake , Ontario , along with a radio translator CJTL-FM-1 at 98.1 FM in Thunder Bay .
Licensed in 2008 , the station is owned by the Native Evangelical Fellowship of Canada and broadcasts as the Wah-Ste-Win Aboriginal Radio Network ( WARN ) , which broadcasts Christian programming for First Nations in Northwestern Ontario . WARN has plans to open a third transmitter in Winnipeg , pending CRTC approval and licensing .
References
External links
Native Evangelical Fellowship of Canada : WARN official site
Jtl
Jtl
Jtl
Cree language
Oji-Cree
Radio stations established in 2008
2008 establishments in Ontario
Germantown Friends School ( GFS ) is a coeducational independent PreK–12 school in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , in the United States under the supervision of Germantown Monthly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends ( Quakers ) . It is governed by a School Committee whose members are drawn from the membership of the Meeting , the school 's alumni , and parents of current students and alumni . The head of school is Dana Weeks .
History
Germantown Friends School was founded in 1845 by Germantown Monthly Meeting , which had grown in size and stature in the Philadelphia Quaker community during the previous several decades . The school was founded in response to a request from the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting . Until the early 20th century , Germantown Friends was a `` select '' school , meaning that only the children of Quaker parents were admitted . Germantown Monthly Meeting was an Orthodox meeting and valued classical education . Athletics and the arts were considered a diversion from the essentials needed by young people .
Extracurricular activities
Since 1993 , Germantown Friends has been divided into four divisions : Early Childhood , the Lower School ( K–5 ) , the Middle School ( 6–8 ) , and the Upper School ( 9–12 ) . Students in each division school attend weekly Meeting for Worship .
The school 's music department features the GFS Choir . Other activities include the 9th Grade Musical , the Dionysia ( an Ancient Greek dramatic festival performed by 10th-grade Ancient History classes ) , the Latin III Debates during the annual `` Classics Day , '' and a Writers Assembly showcasing pieces by writers from the Middle and Upper School .
A graduation requirement at Germantown Friends School is that each junior complete an independent project , known as a `` Junior Project . '' If completed in January , students are given the month off to pursue the project . Students must pay for at least half of all project expenses out of money earned through work ( rather than through a parental allowance ) .
Commencement in recent decades has taken place at Arch Street Meetinghouse in Philadelphia . The ceremony begins with instruction concerning Meeting for Worship by a Quaker member of the graduating class , followed by a meeting . Currently , GFS does not calculate GPA for purposes of class ranking , and therefore no valedictorians or salutatorians are selected . Instead , the graduating class elects one faculty member and one member of its ranks to give addresses after the conclusion of the meeting . Following the addresses , the Head of School speaks and then awards diplomas to each member of the graduating class .
Athletics
Germantown Friends School athletic teams are nicknamed the Tigers and compete in the Friends Schools League ( FSL ) . In 2008 , the boys ' track team won the High School Boys ' Distance Medley Championship of America at the Penn Relays . The relay 's time of 10:11.54 was the second fastest high school Distance Medley Relay in the nation at the time , and the fastest in Pennsylvania . In 2009 , the boys ' cross-country team finished second at the Nike Cross Nationals Northeast Regional Championship , qualifying for Nike Cross Nationals . A rivalry exists between GFS and Friends ' Central School , who compete with each other for possession of the Felsen Cup , named after an administrator who has worked at both schools . In 2017 , the boys ' track team won the Distance Medley Relay with a time of 10:14.85 at the New Balance Outdoor Nationals . The Germantown Friends Boys Varsity Soccer Team won the 2021 Quaker Cup .
Notable alumni
John `` Skip '' Barber , 1954 : Racing Instructor .
Emily Bazelon , 1989 : Journalist ( Slate , New York Times ) , Truman Capote Fellow at Yale Law School .
Eric Bazilian , 1971 : Musician and songwriter of the band The Hooters .
Henry Bean , 1963 : Film director , scriptwriter .
Jesse Biddle , 2010 : Left-Handed Pitcher selected by the Philadelphia Phillies 27th overall in the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft .
Sandra Boynton , 1970 : Cartoonist , songwriter , and best-selling author .
Sarah Chang , attended but did not graduate : Violinist .
Owen Chamberlain , 1937 : Discoverer of the antiproton and Nobel Laureate in Physics for 1959 .
C. West Churchman : Philosopher , System Theorist , and a founding father of Management Science .
Walter Cope : Architect known for academic buildings .
Kathryn Davis , 1964 : Novelist .
Erica Armstrong Dunbar , 1990 : Historian and author , National Book Award Finalist .
Garrett Dutton III , aka G. Love , 1991 : Musician and frontman of the band G. Love & Special Sauce .
Michael Friedman , 1993 : Composer .
William Newport Goodell , 1926 : Artist , craftsman , and educator
Janet Brown Guernsey , 1931 : physicist
Nathaniel Kahn , 1981 : Filmmaker . Writer and director of My Architect , a film about their father , Louis Kahn .
Christopher P. Long , 1987 : American academic and Dean of the College of Arts and Letters and Honors College at Michigan State University .
Stacy Levy : Sculptor .
Ted Mann ( journalist ) , 1998 : Reporter for the Wall Street Journal , credited with breaking the Bridgegate controversy involving New Jersey governor Chris Christie .
Tom Myers , 1976 : Nominated for two Academy Awards .
Scott Pagano , 1996 : Video artist .
Saul Perlmutter , 1977 : Astrophysicist ; winner of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics for their work on the accelerating universe .
Edmund R. Purves , 1914 : architect and executive director of the American Institute of Architects
Mortimer Sellers : American philosopher
Sam Smith : Author , editor , journalist .
Merrie Spaeth : Political public relations consultant ; appeared in the film The World of Henry Orient while a sophomore at GFS .
Dan Sterling , 1989 : Television producer
Makiko Tanaka : Japanese Foreign Minister , 2001–2002 .
Michael Grant Terry , 2001 : Actor ( Bones ) .
Rebecca Traister , 1993 : Journalist ( New York Magazine , Elle )
Daniel Spielman , 1991 : Sterling Professor of Computer Science at Yale , Macarthur Fellow
Ira Wolf Tuton , 1997 : Fretless Bass Player Yeasayer
Elizabeth Gray Vining : Newbery Medal winner and English tutor to Emperor Akihito of Japan during their early adolescence .
PJ Vogt , 2004 : Journalist , Host of Reply All podcast
Kristen Welker , NBC News journalist
Santi White , aka Santigold , 1993 : Musician .
Risë Wilson , activist
Dan Wolf , 1976 : Massachusetts state senator , founder of Cape Air
William Wright : Author
Entertainment
The main character from the TV series Twin Peaks , FBI Agent Dale Cooper , supposedly grew up in Germantown and attended Germantown Friends School ( as created by director David Lynch , who spent many years in Philadelphia ) . They were also referenced in The Goldbergs ' spinoff show , Schooled , in the fifth episode of the first season , `` Money for RENT . ''
References
External links
Germantown Friends School
Quaker schools in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1845
High schools in Philadelphia
Private high schools in Pennsylvania
Private middle schools in Pennsylvania
Private elementary schools in Pennsylvania
1845 establishments in Pennsylvania
Germantown , Philadelphia
Chinese Given Name
In Chinese , Junpei is a name composed of two Chinese characters , where jun could be 君 , 军 , 俊 , 骏 , 峻 , 筠 , 珺 , 均 , 郡 , 钧 , 竣 , 浚 , 麇 or 隽 , while pei could be 沛 , 佩 , 培 , 裴 , 霈 , 旆 or 珮 . Given a Chinese given name Junpei , it is usually difficult to tell whether it is a masculine or feminine given name . For example , 军佩 is more like a masculine given name , while 珺珮 is more like a feminine given name .
Japanese Given Name
In Japanese , Junpei or Jumpei ( written : 淳平 , 純平 , 順平 , 隼平 or 潤平 ) is a masculine given name . Notable people with the name include :
, Japanese music arranger and composer
, Japanese shogi player
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese actor
, Japanese judoka
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese painter
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese journalist
, Japanese speed skater
Fictional characters
Junpei Ryuzouji , a main character in Those Who Hunt Elves
Junpei ( Megatokyo ) , a character from the web comic Megatokyo
Junpei Iori ( 伊織 順平 ) , a character from Shin Megami Tensei : Persona 3
Junpei Shibayama ( J.P. Shibayama in English dub ) , a character from Digimon Frontier
Junpei Tenmyouji , a major character and protagonist from the video game series Zero Escape
Junpei Hyuuga , a side character from Kuroko 's Basketball
Junpei Kōsaka , the protagonist of Nyan Koi !
Junpei Manaka , a character from Ichigo 100 %
Junpei Yoshino , a character from Jujutsu Kaisen
References
Chinese given names
Japanese masculine given names
Rykalovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 2 as of 2002 .
Geography
Rykalovskaya is located 36 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Gorka is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Alan Lorimer Dowding ( born 4 April 1929 ) is an Australian former first-class cricketer who played for Oxford University , the Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) , the Commonwealth XI and Free Foresters .
Dowding gave up a promising Australian rules football career when they were awarded a Rhodes Scholarship and moved to England . A South Australian representative at the 1948 Perth Amateur Carnival , Dowding was also league footballer with Sturt . They studied at Balliol College while at Oxford University and had previously attended St Peter 's College and Adelaide University back home .
From 1951 to 1953 , Dowding was a regular fixture in the Oxford University cricket team , usually as a number five batsman but also batting in the top order . In just their third first-class appearance , Dowding scored 105 against Nottinghamshire . They made it back to back centuries when they made 103 not out in a win over Free Foresters in their very next match .
Their performances in 1952 were mixed , but they did score 69 against India . In 1952 they also played two first-class matches for the Commonwealth XI and against batted well against India , with a first innings 54 and 35 in the second .
Appointed Oxford captain in 1953 , Dowding led the team in 14 first-class fixtures , including a match with the touring Australian team . They came close to scoring a century against Yorkshire but was bowled by Ray Illingworth for 99 .
They played for both Free Foresters and the MCC from 1954 to 1956 . They made just four half centuries from total of ten matches during that time , although their average in 1956 was a decent 44 . While playing with the MCC in what would be their second last first-class match , Dowding took the only wicket of their career when they caught and bowled Cambridge opener Bob Barber . They were only bowling because Cambridge were chasing a small fourth-innings score , and their three balls also including the winning runs , off the bat of Ted Dexter .
Dowding married Jennifer Hughes in Aldingbourne , Sussex , in August 1954 .
References
1929 births
Australian cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Commonwealth XI cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
Sturt Football Club players
Australian Rhodes Scholars
University of Adelaide alumni
Living people
People educated at St Peter 's College , Adelaide
Cricketers from Adelaide
Alumni of Balliol College , Oxford
Yedovinskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 15 as of 2002 .
Geography
Yedovinskaya is located 37 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Naumovskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Kristina Bach ( * born Kerstin Bräuer on 07 April 1962 in Mettmann , North Rhine Westphalia , West Germany ( BRD ) ) is a German `` Schlager '' , full Opern singer , lyricist , and music producer . Bach is noted for their 3 ½-octave ( f=1:8 ) vocal range .
Biography
Bach was 13 years old when they won their first talent contest . They later studied vocal music and dance as well as piano and guitar . In addition , they took drama courses , after which they hosted a number of television programmes . Them singing career began in the early 1980s when they were discovered . They issued their first single in 1983 and had their first hit in 1984 with a remake of the schlager `` Heißer Sand '' ( a 1962 chart topper for Mina ) . At the end of the 1980s a number of other hits and television appearances followed . Them big break came in 1990 with the Jean Frankfurter-penned song `` Erst ein Cappucino '' . This marked the beginning of their career as one of Germany 's most successful singers : they have won the Deutsche Schlagerparade an unprecedented six times .
In 1993 , Bach appeared on the American Billboard charts with a dance version of `` The Phantom of the Opera '' , which spent several weeks in the Top 20 . 1997 saw Bach sing a duo with Drafi Deutscher , `` Gib ' nicht auf '' .
At the beginning of the 1990s , Bach discovered the singer Michelle , for whom they wrote and produced their first hit . Bach participated in the 1994 Deutschen Schlager-Festspielen , coming in fifth with their song `` Matador '' , while their protégé Michelle came in second with `` Silbermond und Sternenfeuer '' .
Another artist that Bach discovered and promoted was Jeanette Biedermann .
They also wrote the lyrics for the huge hit `` Atemlos durch die Nacht '' sung by Helene Fischer .
Personal life
They live with their partner , Peter Lichtsteiner , in Zurich , Switzerland .
Awards and recognition
Goldene Stimmgabelle ( `` gold tuning fork '' ) ( best fone etalon , eretik light )
Goldenes Mikrofonen ( `` gold Mike '' ) , Trident
Silberne Muse ( for lyrics ) ( for Hündin only )
Live act of the year ( , inkl . 2022 ) .
North German Schlager award
several gold records
Discography
Singles
1983 `` Donna Maria '' ( I feel yuo , Pershing II ) , v , 09.Juli 2022 , 1kT , Sigmaringen , ±25km . Very gud , erste mal from 1983 . Danks for `` Andy Borg '' .
1984 `` Heißer Sand '' ( White Sands , TDRS , now )
1985 `` Allein auf einem Stern ''
1986 `` Irgendwann ... ( Hand ) .. in Hand '' 12+
1989 `` Eldorado ''
1990 `` Charly ''
1990 `` Erst ein Cappuccino ''
1991 `` Antonio '' ( Gorizont 20 , `` intercosmos '' : GDR , Hungary , ČSSR )
1991 `` Alle Sterne von Athen '' OlympUS 1 , heute Summe Insult
1992 `` Caballero Caballero '' ( Gorizont 26 , with `` Arabesque '' ) v , 2022 .
1993 `` Er schenkte mir den Eiffelturm '' ( Er sinkt Mich wie Effelturm ) ≈150kV line , atom. , nach ( go to ) Efa Lind
1993 `` Ich will nicht länger Dein Geheimnis sein ''
1993 `` Da war das Feuer einer Sommernacht '' ( Feuer Winkel . ≈ KZ , forverzt ! ) , Pershing II Einsatz .
1994 `` Tango mit Fernando ''
1994 `` Avanti , Avanti ''
1995 `` Und die Erde steht still ''
1995 `` Hörst Du denn noch immer Al Martino '' ( Trink Martini= > to Audi )
1996 `` Stimmen der Nacht '' ( Gorizont 32 )
1996 `` Verdammt zur Sehnsucht ''
1996 `` Dann bist Du für mich da ''
1997 `` Ein Hauch Jamaica ''
1997 `` Gib nicht auf '' ( duo with Drafi Deutscher )
1998 `` Schiffbruch in meiner Seele ''
1998 `` Es kribbelt und es prickelt ''
1999 `` Hey , ich such ' hier nicht den größten Lover '' ( Schlager version of You 're the Greatest Lover )
1999 `` Ganz schön sexy '' ( Gans , kommher ! now . )
1999 `` Mein kleiner Prinz '' ( with Jeanette Biedermann )
2000 `` Rio de Janeiro '' ( < = > Natal , Houston ) , ( Titan LV only )
2000 `` Männer sind doch schließlich zum Vergnügen da ''
2001 `` Unverschämte blaue Augen ''
2001 `` Davon stirbt man nicht '' ( Avon only für not man ) = F16 liebe kleines bit * * .
2001 `` Du gehst mir langsam unter die Haut ''
2002 `` Latino , Latino '' ( jep jep , agu agu ) + ( `` gastino gastino '' = scheisse gast ) + ( patino patino = old gar * age ) , La teeno la teeno = kleine französisch werden groß. , la , tee no la , tee no = пдр , чаю быро , видишь тёща устала ( притомилась , аж .. ) .
2002 `` Wahre Lügen '' ( Browning Ofizier )
2002 `` Auf dünnem Eis getanzt ''
2003 `` Fliegst Du mit mir zu den Sternen '' ( `` nano '' tech . ( wh core ) )
2004 `` Die Erde hat mich wieder ''
2004 `` Keine Nacht war zu viel ''
2004 `` Du bist verrückt , dass Du mich liebst ''
2005 `` Du machst eine Frau erst zur Frau '' ( for pdr only )
2005 `` Reden ist Silber und Küssen Gold ''
2006 `` Alles von mir '' ( Alles . Von Mir . ) , full eclippse
2006 `` Bin kein Engel '' ( i 'm not russe , ich habe keine Geld ) ( `` Geben Sie mit Mir etwas Kopek '' )
2006 `` Warum geh'n , wenn man fliegen kann '' ( kann kann , Österreich Empor )
2007 `` Jimmy , ich hab ' Dich geliebt '' ( for SWaggart show , `` Minitman II und up '' , now )
2007 `` Tränen machen stark ''
2008 `` Küss mich , küss mich ''
2009 `` Du warst doch mal mein Mann ''
2009 `` Der letzte Schmetterling ( Fly Away ) ''
2009 `` Bis unser Leuchtturm nicht mehr brennt ''
2010 `` Ein Sonntag im Pyjama ''
2010 `` Tour d´amour ''
2010 `` Tanz auf dem Seil ''
2011 `` Das geht noch immer unter die Haut ''
2011 `` Solitaire ''
2011 `` Alle Sprachen der Welt ''
2014 `` Dein Vielleicht hat nicht gereicht ''
Albums
1988 Musical , Musical , Musical
1991 Kristina Bach
1993 Ein bisschen näher zu Dir
1994 Rendezvous mit dem Feuer
1996 Stimmen der Nacht
1997 Es kribbelt und es prickelt
1999 Ganz schön frech
1999 Tausend kleine Winterfeuer
2001 Scharf auf 's Leben
2002 Liebe , was sonst !
2004 Leb Dein Gefühl
2005 Alles von mir
2006 Die 1002 . Nacht
2007 Sterne leuchten auch im Winter
2009 Tagebuch einer Chaos-Queen
2010 Tour d'amour
2011 Große Träume
2014 Leben ist Liebe !
External links
Kristina Bach
1962 births
Living people
People from Mettmann
German women singers
Schlager musicians
The 1990 USSR Federation Cup was the fifth and the last edition of the USSR Federation Cup and was officially known as Cup of the USSR Football Union . It was brief and took place between 28 May through 6 July . Its final was played at the Black Sea Steamship Central Stadium in Odessa .
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knock-out stage
Semifinals
Final
Top scorers
3 goals
Aleksey Kobozev ( Shakhter Donetsk )
Mykola Kudrytskyi ( Dnepr Dnepropetrovsk )
Mikhail Markhel ( Dinamo Minsk )
Valentyn Moskvyn ( Dnepr Dnepropetrovsk )
Ivan Hetsko ( Chernomorets Odessa )
References
External links
www.klisf.info
www.fc-dynamo.ru
1990 season at FootballFacts.ru
1990
1990 in Soviet football
FC Dnipro matches
FC Chornomorets Odesa matches
Lone Star Pioneers is a 1939 American Western film directed by Joseph Levering and written by Nate Gatzert . The film stars Wild Bill Elliott , Dorothy Gulliver , Lee Shumway , Slim Whitaker , Charles King and Jack Ingram . The film was released on March 16 , 1939 , by Columbia Pictures .
Plot
Cast
Wild Bill Elliott as Pat Barrett
Dorothy Gulliver as Virginia Crittenden
Lee Shumway as Bill Ruphy
Slim Whitaker as Buck Bally
Charles King as Pike
Jack Ingram as John Coe
Harry Harvey Sr. as Eph Brown
Buzz Barton as Chuck
Frank LaRue as Joe Cribben
References
External links
1939 films
American Western ( genre ) films
1939 Western ( genre ) films
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Joseph Levering
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The Stradbroke Handicap is a Brisbane Racing Club Group 1 Thoroughbred open handicap horse race , run over a distance of 1,400 metres at Eagle Farm Racecourse , Brisbane in June during the Queensland Winter Racing Carnival . It is one of the highlight races on the Brisbane Winter Racing Carnival with total prize money of A $ 1,500,000
History
The race is named after Lord Stradbroke , relative to Henry John Rous , originator of the weight-for-age scale in thoroughbred racing .
Five two-year-olds have won the race , the last was Wiggle , carrying 7 stone 5 pounds ( ~46.5 kg ) in 1958 . The 1,400 metre race and track record is 1:20.2 established by Toledo in 1998 .
Between 1982 and 1988 the race was known as the Elders Handicap .
Distance
In 1890 the Stradbroke Handicap was a Principal race run over six furlongs ( ~1,200m ) , when it was won by Pyrrhus .
The distance was changed in 1953 to 7 furlongs and in 1972 to the current distance of 1,400 metres .
Due to track reconstruction of Eagle Farm Racecourse for the 2014–15 racing season the event was transferred to Doomben Racecourse over a slightly shorter distance of 1350 metres .
Winners
2022 - Alligator Blood
2021 - Tofane
2020 - Tyzone
2019 - Trekking
2018 - Santa Ana Lane
2017 - Impending
2016 - Under The Louvre
2015 - Srikandi
2014 - River Lad
2013 - Linton
2012 - Mid Summer Music
2011 - Sincero
2010 - Black Piranha
2009 - Black Piranha
2008 - Mr Baritone
2007 - Sniper 's Bullet
2006 - La Montagna
2005 - St . Basil
2004 - Thorn Park
2003 - Private Steer
2002 - Show A Heart
2001 - Crawl
2000 - Landsighting
1999 - Adam
1998 - Toledo
1997 - Dane Ripper
1996 - Danasinga
1995 - Rouslan
1994 - All Our Mob
1993 - Never Undercharge
1992 - Rough Habit
1991 - Rough Habit
1990 - Plush Embassy
1989 - Robian Steel
1988 - Campaign King
1987 - Dancing Poet
1986 - Daybreak Lover
1985 - Canterbury Belle
1984 - Daybreak Lover
1983 - Brenlaine
1982 - Grey Receiver
1981 - Watney
1980 - Bemboka Yacht
1979 - Imposing
1978 - Innisfree
1977 - Sir Wisp
1976 - Manawapoi
1975 - Spedito
1974 - Go Fun
1973 - Lucky Cloud
1972 - Triton
1971 - Rajah Sahib
1970 - Divide And Rule
1969 - Prince Medes
1968 - Cabochon
1967 - Mister Hush
1966 - Castanea
1965 - Winfreux
1964 - Cele 's Image
1963 - Mullala
1962 - Kilshery
1961 - Persian Lyric
1960 - Wallgar
1959 - Grey Ghost
1958 - ‡Wiggle
1957 - Kingster
1956 - Knave
1955 - Plato
1954 - Karendi
1953 - Suncup
1952 - Wedborough
1951 - Aqua Regis
1950 - Lucky Ring
1949 - Lucky Ring
1948 - Ballyvista
1947 - Hedui
1946 - Abbeville
1942–45 - race not held
1941 - High Rank
1940 - Heroic 's Double
1939 - Bahwing
1938 - Thurles Lad
1937 - King Merlin
1936 - Capris
1935 - Petrol Lager
1934 - Petrol Lager
1933 - Sun Eagle
1932 - Credence
1931 - Lady Linden
1930 - Will Yet
1929 - I.O.U .
1928 - Sarlind
1927 - Running Girl
1926 - Highland
1925 - Highland
1924 - Molly Cyrus
1923 - Lady Aura
1922 - Laneffe
1921 - Syceonelle
1920 - Syce Lad
1919 - Gold Tie
1918 - Gold Tie
1917 - Sydney Damsel
1916 - ‡Amberdown
1915 - Cairn Wallace
1914 - Malt Mark
1913 - ‡Line Gun
1912 - Pittsworth Gun
1911 - Lady Hope
1910 - Bright Laddie
1909 - Storm King
1908 - Satisfair
1907 - Jessie 's Dream
1906 - Darelong
1905 - Ruscity
1904 - Forge
1903 - ‡Fitz Grafton
1902 - Blunderer
1901 - Glengarry
1900 - Prince Edward
1899 - ‡Sweetheart
1898 - Boreas Ii
1897 - †The Scamp/Dalnair
1896 - Babel
1895 - Babel
1894 - Studbook
1893 - Rosy Dawn
1892 - Tallboy
1891 - Dan O'Connell
1890 - Pyrrhus
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races
References
Group 1 stakes races in Australia
Open mile category horse races
General Electric Theater was an American anthology series hosted by Ronald Reagan that was broadcast on CBS radio and television . The series was sponsored by General Electric 's Department of Public Relations .
Radio
After an audition show on January 18 , 1953 , titled The Token , with Dana Andrews , the radio series , a summer replacement for The Bing Crosby Program , debuted on CBS on July 9 , 1953 , with Ronald Colman in an episode based on Random Harvest . With such guest stars as Cary Grant , Irene Dunne , Van Johnson , Jane Wyman , William Holden , Alan Young , Dorothy McGuire , John Hodiak , Ann Blyth , James Mason , Joan Fontaine , and Judy Garland , the series continued until October 1 , 1953 . Jaime del Valle produced and directed the show . Ken Carpenter was the host and announcer . Wilbur Hatch supplied the music .
Also known as G.E . Stereo Theater , the program `` was the first network radio series to be broadcast on FM in stereo . ''
Television
The television version of the program , produced by MCA-TV/Revue , was broadcast every Sunday evening at 9:00 pm EST , beginning February 1 1953 , and ending June 3 1962 . Each of the estimated 209 television episodes was an adaptation of a novel , short story , play , film , or magazine fiction . An exception was the 1954 episode `` Music for Christmas '' , which featured choral director Fred Waring and their group The Pennsylvanians performing Christmas music . Jacques Tourneur directed four episodes , `` The Martyr ' '' ( 1955 ) , `` Into the Night '' ( 1955 ) , `` Aftermath '' ( 1960 ) and `` Star Witness : The Lili Parrish Story '' ( 1961 ) . The April 24 , 1960 , episode , `` Adam 's Apples '' , was the pilot for the situation comedy Ichabod and Me , which aired on CBS during the 1961–1962 television season .
On September 26 , 1954 , Ronald Reagan debuted as the only host of the program . GE added a host to provide continuity in the anthology format . The show 's Nielsen ratings improved from # 27 in the 1953–1954 season to # 17 in 1954–1955 , followed # 11 in 1955–1956 , # 3 in 1956–1957 , # 7 in 1957–1958 , # 26 in 1958–1959 , # 23 in 1959–1960 , and # 20 in 1960–1961 . General Electric Theater made the already well-known Reagan wealthy , due to their partial ownership of the show .
Reagan 's contract with GE also entailed work as a motivational speaker for the company . After eight years as host , Reagan estimated they had visited 135 GE research and manufacturing facilities , and met over 250,000 people . During that time , they would also speak at other forums such as Rotary clubs and Moose lodges , presenting views on economic progress that in form and content were often similar to what they said in introductions , segues , and closing comments on the show as a spokesperson for GE . Reagan , who would later be known as `` The Great Communicator '' because of their oratorical ability , often credited these engagements as helping them develop their public-speaking abilities .
Television guest stars
Among the guest stars on the anthology were :
Bud Abbott
Edie Adams
Nick Adams
Claude Akins
Eddie Albert
Leon Ames
Edward Andrews
Fred Astaire
Phyllis Avery
Parley Baer
Raymond Bailey
Patricia Barry
Anne Baxter
Fred Beir
Bea Benaderet
Jack Benny
Whit Bissell
Joan Blondell
Ray Bolger
Ward Bond
Scott Brady
Neville Brand
Ernest Borgnine
Stephen Boyd
Diane Brewster
Charles Bronson
Sally Brophy
Edgar Buchanan
Michael Burns
Francis X. Bushman
Red Buttons
Macdonald Carey
Jack Carson
Jack Cassidy
Gower Champion
Marge Champion
George Chandler
Lon Chaney , Jr .
Phyllis Coates
Lee J. Cobb
Claudette Colbert
Ronald Colman
Chuck Connors
Richard Conte
Russ Conway
Ellen Corby
Lou Costello
Joseph Cotten
Jerome Cowan
Bob Crane
Joan Crawford
Hume Cronyn
Tony Curtis
Bette Davis
Sammy Davis , Jr .
Jim Davis ( actor )
James Dean
Richard Denning
Elinor Donahue
Ann Doran
Dan Duryea
John Ericson
Bill Erwin
Richard Eyer
William Fawcett
Frank Ferguson
Nina Foch
Joan Fontaine
Eduard Franz
Eva Gabor
Zsa Zsa Gabor
Judy Garland
Greer Garson
Anthony George
George Gobel
Billy Gray
Virginia Gregg
Virginia Grey
Kevin Hagen
Alan Hale , Jr .
Brooke Hayward
Barbara Hale
Darryl Hickman
Ed Hinton
Dennis Holmes
Skip Homeier
Ron Howard
Gary Hunley
Kim Hunter
Burl Ives
Victor Jory
Allyn Joslyn
Louis Jourdan
Boris Karloff
Joseph Kearns
Ricky Kelman
Stan Kenton
Ernie Kovacs
Otto Kruger
Nancy Kulp
Alan Ladd
Michael Landon
Joi Lansing
Keith Larsen
Charles Laughton
Piper Laurie
Cloris Leachman
Art Linkletter
Myrna Loy
Dayton Lummis
Carol Lynley
Dorothy Malone
Flip Mark
Strother Martin
Scott Marlowe
Nora Marlowe
E. G. Marshall
Lee Marvin ( record 7 appearances )
Chico Marx
Groucho Marx
Harpo Marx
Raymond Massey
Walter Matthau
Tyler MacDuff
Gisele MacKenzie
Fred MacMurray
George Macready
Kevin McCarthy
John McIntire
Eve McVeagh
Patrick McVey
Tyler McVey
Joyce Meadows
Burgess Meredith
Gary Merrill
Robert Middleton
Vera Miles
Ray Milland
Ewing Mitchell
George Montgomery
Rita Moreno
Dennis Morgan
Read Morgan
Audie Murphy
Burt Mustin
Leslie Nielsen
Lloyd Nolan
Dan O'Herlihy
J. Pat O'Malley
Geraldine Page
Barbara Parkins
Neva Patterson
John Payne
Larry Pennell
Suzanne Pleshette
Judson Pratt
Vincent Price
Nancy Davis Reagan
Jason Robards , Sr .
Ruth Roman
George Sanders
Karen Sharpe
Robert F. Simon
Dean Stockwell
Everett Sloane
Stella Stevens
Jimmy Stewart
Nick Stewart
Olive Sturgess
Hope Summers
Gloria Talbott
Rod Taylor
Phyllis Thaxter
Gene Tierney
Audrey Totter
Harry Townes
Claire Trevor
Lurene Tuttle
Gary Vinson
Beverly Washburn
David Wayne
Christine White
Jesse White
Cornel Wilde
Rhys Williams
Natalie Wood
Fay Wray
Will Wright
Ed Wynn
Keenan Wynn
Reagan fired by General Electric
Michael Reagan , adopted son of Ronald Reagan and Jane Wyman , contends that Attorney General of the United States Robert F. Kennedy pressured GE to cancel The General Electric Theater or at least to fire Reagan as the host if the program were to continue . The series was not dropped because of low ratings but political intervention , the younger Reagan still maintains . Michael claimed that Robert Kennedy told GE officials that the company would receive no federal contracts so long as Reagan was host of the series . Michael noted the irony that their father 's dismissal propelled Reagan into the political arena , and eighteen years afterwards , Reagan would take the oath of office as the oldest person to become U.S. president up to that time ( Joe Biden would surpass this record with their election in 2020 ) Kennedy 's directive is another example of the `` law of unintended consequences '' . Had Kennedy stayed out of GE contract matters , likely there would have been no Governor or President Reagan .
From Reagan : The Life , H.W . Brands , Anchor Books , New York 2015
Page 124–125 : Reagan 's jeremiads against encroaching government cited the Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) as a case in point – until they got wind that TVA executives were listening and wondering to General Electric 's boss , Ralph Cordiner , why they should n't shift their purchases to a more appreciative company . Cordiner said they would n't censor Reagan – a move that caused Reagan to censor himself . Reagan recalled saying : “ Mr Cordiner , what would you say if I could make my speech just as effectively without mentioning TVA ? ” [ He also recalled the response : ] “ Well , it would make my job easier. ” Reagan concluded the story “ Dropping TVA from my speech was no problem. ” [ This quote is taken directly from Where 's the Rest of Me ? , Ronald Reagan with Richard G. Hublen , Duell , Sloan and Pearce , New York , 1965 , pp . 269–270 ]
Page 131 : In 1961 , the Justice Department launched a probe into price-fixing in the electrical equipment industry . General Electric was a prime target . Corporate management decided prudence lay in avoiding anything that raised the company 's profile needlessly . Reagan 's attacks on big government did just that . .... The company offered to keep them on pitching commercial products if they would stop talking politics . ... He decided the reduced stage was too small .
From An American Life , Simon and Schuster , New York , 1990 , page 137 : “ In 1962 , there was a change in management at General Electric that brought an end to my satisfying eight-year relationship with the company . Ralph Cordiner was retiring and the new management asked me , in addition to continuing as host of the GE Theater , to go on the road and become a pitchman for General Electric products – in other words , become a salesperson . I told them that after developing such a following by speaking out about the issues I believed in , I was n't going to go out and peddle toasters .
From When Character was King , Peggy Noonan , Penguin , New York , 2001 , page 84 : , New management asked them to stay on .... but go on the road and pitch GE products . They insisted . They said no . They cancelled .
Don Herbert , a television personality well known as the host of Watch Mr. Wizard , appeared as the `` General Electric Progress Reporter '' , adding a scientific touch to the institutional advertising pitch . The show was produced by Revue Studios , whose successor-in-interest , NBC Universal Television , was co-owned by GE .
Following General Electric Theaters cancellation in 1962 , the series was replaced in the same time slot by the short-lived GE-sponsored GE True , hosted by Jack Webb .
On March 17 , 2010 , General Electric presented Reagan 's widow Nancy Davis Reagan with video copies of 208 episodes of General Electric Theater , to be donated to the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library .
On April 20 , 2010 , a `` lost '' live episode of General Electric Theater – `` The Dark , Dark Hours '' , which originally aired on December 12 , 1954 – was uncovered by NBC writer Wayne Federman , who was working on a television retrospective for the Reagan Centennial Celebration . The episode was noteworthy because it teamed Ronald Reagan with James Dean . Highlights were broadcast on the CBS Evening News , NBC Nightly News , and Good Morning America .
Directors
`` The Martyr '' , directed by Jacques Tourneur ( 1956 ) ( 25 min )
`` Into the Night '' , directed by Jacques Tourneur ( 1955 ) ( 25 min )
`` Aftermath '' , directed by Jacques Tourneur ( 1960 ) ( 25 min )
`` Star Witness : The Lili Parrish Story '' , directed by Jacques Tourneur ( 1961 ) ( 25 min )
References
Further reading
William L. Bird , Jr. `` Better Living '' : Advertising , Media , and the New Vocabulary of Business Leadership , 1935–1955 . Evanston , IL : Northwestern University Press , 1999 .
External links
Article on GE Theater from the Museum of Broadcast Communications
Jerry Haendiges Vintage Radio Logs : General Electric Theater
General Electric Theater , Museum of Broadcast Communications
Company Voice Advertising , Museum of Broadcast Communications
General Electric Theater at CVTA
1953 American television series debuts
1962 American television series endings
1950s American radio programs
1950s American anthology television series
1960s American anthology television series
Anthology radio series
Black-and-white American television shows
CBS original programming
CBS Radio programs
English-language television shows
General Electric sponsorships
American live television series
Television series by Universal Television
Ronald Reagan
The Smiths Fall Beavers were a professional baseball team that played for one season in 1937 , in Smiths Falls , Ontario .
The team played as part of the Canadian–American League . Two players from the single-season team made it to the major leagues . Matt Christopher , the well-known author of over a hundred sports books for young adults , made the team out of training camp , but was released early in the season .
Ballpark : Canadian Pacific Recreation Grounds
Team Members included :
Xavier Rescigno ( p )
Walt Lanfranconi ( p )
Art Horsington ( p )
Andy Palau ( c )
Al Smith ( 2b )
Ernie Downer ( cf )
Matt Christopher ( 3b )
Canadian–American League , 1937
References
Defunct baseball teams in Canada
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Baseball teams in Ontario
1937 establishments in Ontario
Baseball teams established in 1937
1937 disestablishments in Ontario
Baseball teams disestablished in 1937
Smith Falls
Gosaingram railway station is a railway station on Nalhati–Azimganj branch line under the Howrah railway division of Eastern Railway zone . It is situated at Matiapara , Gosaingram in Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
History
Nalhati–Azimganj branch line connecting Nalhati Junction to Azimganj Junction railway station was opened on 21 December 1863 as Nalhati–Azimganj State railway . This was purchased by the Government of India in 1872 . It became a part of the East Indian Railway Company in 1892 .
References
Railway stations in Murshidabad district
Howrah railway division
Railway stations opened in 1863
Anne Will ( born 18 March 1966 ) is a German television journalist and host of the eponymous political talk show . They were anchored of the daily Tagesthemen news broadcast on ARD from 14 April 2001 until 24 June 2007 .
Early life and career
Will was born on 18 March 1966 in Cologne , West Germany , the daughter of an architect . They grew up in Hürth and attended the Albert-Schweitzer-Gymnasium high school . From 1985 they studied history , politics , and English in Cologne and Berlin , with a scholarship of the Friedrich Ebert Foundation ( FES ) . Whilst a student they had articles published in the Kölnische Rundschau and Berliner Volksblatt newspapers . In 1990 they graduated with a Magister 's degree from the University of Cologne .
Career in television
Will began their career in radio and television at Sender Freies Berlin ( now part of Rundfunk Berlin-Brandenburg ) . At the end of 1992 they started presenting the talk show Mal ehrlich and the sports magazine Sportpalast . They hosted the Westdeutscher Rundfunk show Parlazzo from 1996 to 1998 .
In November 1999 Will became the first woman to host the Sportschau sport show . During the 2000 Summer Olympics , they presented live sport shows from Sydney , Australia for the ARD .
From 14 April 2001 to 24 June 2007 they presented the late night news magazine Tagesthemen alternating with Ulrich Wickert and , from September 2006 , with their successor Tom Buhrow .
Anne Will , 2007–present
Will 's political talk show Anne Will has run since 16 September 2007 . It succeeded Sabine Christiansen 's similar show when Christiansen retired . Will was succeeded at the Tagesthemen by Caren Miosga .
Alongside Maybrit Illner , Peter Kloeppel and Stefan Raab , Will also moderated the only TV election debate between incumbent Chancellor Angela Merkel and their competitor Peer Steinbrück ahead of the 2013 elections , which was aired live on four of Germany 's most-watched television channels during prime-time . They also interviewed Merkel in September 2009 ( shortly before the 2009 election ) , in October 2015 , in February 2016 , November 2016 and in June 2018 ( following the 44th G7 summit ) . They hosted Merkel 's successor Olaf Scholz for the first time in March 2022 . Among the international dignitaries who have appeared on the show were the foreign ministers of Austria and Luxembourg , Sebastian Kurz ( 2016 ) and Jean Asselborn ( 2014 , 2015 and 2018 ) .
In 2010 , Will interviewed former Chancellor Gerhard Schröder for daily newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung .
Other activities
An active contributor to the Kindernothilfe and UNICEF charities , Will is also involved in projects aiming to eliminate landmines . On 2 July 2005 , they hosted the German stage event of the Live8 in front of the Siegessäule in Berlin . They also serve as Ambassador for the Room of Names of the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe in Berlin .
Personal life
Will lives in Berlin . From 2016 until 2019 they were married to Miriam Meckel , then editor-in-chief of the major German magazine WirtschaftsWoche and professor of communications and media at the Swiss University of St. Gallen .
Awards ( selection )
2002 : Goldene Kamera
2006 : German Television Award
2007 : Hanns-Joachim-Friedrichs-Preis
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
German sports journalists
German television talk show hosts
German television reporters and correspondents
German broadcast news analysts
LGBT journalists from Germany
LGBT broadcasters from Germany
German women television presenters
German television presenters
German women television journalists
21st-century German journalists
Television people from Cologne
ARD ( broadcaster ) people
Westdeutscher Rundfunk people
Rundfunk Berlin-Brandenburg people
21st-century German women
21st-century LGBT people
Nacogdoches High School is located in north east Nacogdoches , Texas .
Nacogdoches High School is the high school of the Nacogdoches Independent School District . It serves all of the city of Nacogdoches and most of Nacogdoches County .
History
Providing for the formal education of its youth has been important to the citizens of Nacogdoches since the first European settlers arrived in the area . Beginning during the Spanish Colonial period , the recorded history of the town is filled with references about the need for and the establishment of schools . It was not until June 10 , 1903 , however , that the Nacogdoches Independent School District and Nacogdoches High School had their beginnings . On that date , an election was held to incorporate the school district . The election followed a long period of discussion in the community and many editorials in the local newspaper . Prior to this election , the only education available to the children of Nacogdoches was provided by tutors , private schools , and Nacogdoches University , which was chartered by the Congress of the Republic of Texas on February 3 , 1845 , during the closing days of the Republic . The establishment of the University gave Nacogdoches the distinction of being `` the cradle of public education in Texas '' .
In 1904 , the buildings of Nacogdoches University and Washington Square on which they stood were deeded to the newly incorporated Nacogdoches Independent School District by the university trustees . It was these buildings , only one of which ( the `` Old University Building '' ) remains , which formed the nucleus of the Nacogdoches Public Schools and Nacogdoches High School . Classes for Nacogdoches High School were held in the university buildings and a new building , which was constructed in 1904 directly in front of the main brick building of the university to house the high school classes .
In the next decade , another new building , the Rusk Building or the `` Old Red Building , '' was added to the school complex on Washington Square . These two structures housed the high school classes and other classes until a new high school building , the `` White Building , '' was constructed in 1939 as a WPA project during the New Deal era . Adults who were students in Nacogdoches High School at the time this building was constructed vividly remember carrying their own desks and books across campus to the new building when it was completed . This building was named the Charles K. Chamberlain Building by the Nacogdoches Independent School District Board of Trustees in 1980 in honor of Dr. C.K . Chamberlain who was the principal of Nacogdoches High School at the time the building was first occupied . The first class of graduates from this building was the Class of 1940 .
During the summer of 1970 , the student bodies of Nacogdoches High School and E.J . Campbell High School were merged to form a single high school for the school district , with its main campus housed in the Chamberlain and Rusk Buildings on Washington Square . The Class of 1971 was the first Nacogdoches Independent School District graduating class to include all the graduating seniors of all races represented in the district .
The Chamberlain and Rusk buildings continued to house Nacogdoches High School until the fall of 1979 , when another `` new '' high school building was completed on the southwest corner of Loop 224 and the Appleby Sand Road at 4310 Appleby Sand Road .
Information
It is currently classified as a division 5A high school by the University Interscholastic League .
The average class size is 20-30 , with about 420 students in a grade .
During the 2010-11 school year , demographics at the high school were as follows : White 33.2 % , Black 28.8 % , Hispanic 36.3 % , Asian/Pacific Islander 1.6 % , American Indian/Alaskan Native < 1 % .
On September 13 , 2013 , the Nacogdoches Dragons football team beat their longtime rival , the Lufkin Panthers , for the first time since 1992 with a score of 28 to 24 .
Athletics
NHS Athletics cover a wide variety of varsity sports : cross country , football , basketball , soccer , baseball , softball , power lifting , swimming , tennis , volleyball , golf , and track & field . All perform under the name The Nacogdoches Golden Dragons . All sports participate in the University Interscholastic League 5A District 16 .
Nacogdoches has a long-running rivalry with nearby Lufkin in both civic and athletic events . The games are hotly contested , with every sport boasting a win against the Lufkin Panthers in the last three school years .
Football
Nacogdoches has a record of being beaten in football by the Lufkin Panthers for a long time . However , in the 2013-2014 football season , Nacogdoches beat their rivals 28-24 . The next football season saw another win with a score of 38-35 .
The 2005-2006 Football season brought with it a new coaching staff , under the direction of Head Coach Bill Harper , and the Dragon 's first winning record ( Overall 6-4 ) since 1992 .
In 2006 , the Dragons made it to the playoffs for the first time since 1992 . However , in 2007 , the Dragons missed the playoffs by failing to maintain momentum and losing the final games needed to make it into the playoffs .
On October 30 , 2010 , Nacogdoches High played a record setting 12 overtime football game against Jacksonville High . The game lasted over 5 hours .
Extracurricular
Nacogdoches High School offers many extracurricular activities and clubs , including a chapter of the National Honor Society , a chapter of Key Club , a chapter of the National English Honor Society , Model United Nations , the Nacogdoches Golden Dragon Band , a choir , Student Council and many small interest clubs . Students in Nacogdoches High School are highly involved in extracurricular activities , and not many students have no involvement at all with extracurriculars .
Notable alumni
Roy Blake , Sr. – Texas legislator
Roy Blake , Jr. – Texas legislator and son of Roy Blake , Sr .
Clint Dempsey – a soccer player who currently plays for MLS club Seattle Sounders F.C .
Kynan Forney – American football guard for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League .
Josh Denton– former college basketball player for Brigham Young University-Idaho and 2018 intramural basketball champion .
Damion James – professional basketball player , currently with the Washington Wizards .
Delvin James – former starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the 2002 Tampa Bay Devil Rays .
Brandon Jones - Football player for the University of Texas in 43 career games and 35 starts and currently the Miami Dolphins
Ron Raines – actor best known for the role of Alan Spaulding on the long-running soap , Guiding Light .
Greg Roberts – American football Guard , 1978 Outland Trophy winner
Bucky Brandon - former Major League Baseball Pitcher ( 1966-1973 )
References
Rivals.com article on the 12 overtime game
External links
Nacogdoches High School
Nacogdoches High School Athletics
Nacogdoches High School Class of 1992
Educational institutions established in 1903
Schools in Nacogdoches County , Texas
Public high schools in Texas
1903 establishments in Texas
The National Space Defense Center ( NSDC ) is a subordinate center of the United States Space Command 's Joint Task Force–Space Defense . It is responsible for coordinating military , intelligence , civil , and commercial space for unified space defense operations . The NSDC is located at Schriever Space Force Base , outside of Colorado Springs .
Mission
The National Space Defense Center integrates Department of Defense , multiple agencies , and Intelligence Community personnel and authorities to enable unified space defense . The National Space Defense Center executes mission orders received from the joint space tasking order ( JSTO ) and NRO space tasking order .
History
Initially established as the Joint Interagency Combined Space Operations Center ( JICSpOC ) on 1 October 2015 , it was intended to improve processes and procedures , ensuring data fusion among DoD , intelligence community , interagency , allied and commercial space entities .
On 1 April 2017 , the JICSpOC was renamed the National Space Defense Center , to better clarify its role and eliminate confusion with the Joint Space Operations Center ( JSpOC ) .
On 9 July 2019 , the NSDC dedicated its operations floor and a warfighter library to Senior Master Sergeant Harold Robert Mosley II . Mosley was the NSDC 's Senior Enlisted Leader in 2018 . They died on 23 November 2018 in a rock climbing accident .
List of commanders
Col Todd Brost , April 1 , 2017
Col Mitchell Stratton , September 6 , 2018
Col Scott Brodeur , August 2020
Col Stephen G. Lyon , July 2022
See also
Combined Space Operations Center
References
Joint military units and formations of the United States
Military units and formations established in 2015
Space units and formations of the United States
Centers of the U.S. Department of Defense
`` What You Do n't Do '' is a single by British recording artist Lianne La Havas . Released on 7 August 2015 , the song peaked at No.69 on the Ultratip Belgium Flanders charts .
Background and composition
Following the touring La Havas embarked on in order to promote their debut album `` Is Your Love Big Enough ? `` , they traveled to Jamaica along with their mother in order to regain connections with my roots .
During their time in Jamaica La Havas played music for their family alongside dancehall and reggae producer Stephen McGregor ( known under their production name Di Genius ) , who would later go on to produce the majority of the songs on Blood . Besides Stephen McGregor , La Havas worked with a variety of other producers , including Matt Hales .
The song is a rhythm and blues tune with jazz and doo-wop that grows slowly , and pinpoints the voice of the singer . The arrangement of the song takes a backseat , while the production has a `` canned sound for the verses '' , before starting the choruses . Horns , gospel-choir style supporting vocals , piano and brass complete the composition .
The song features truthfulness and wit proclaiming their confidence in their relationship , turning the negative phrase `` What You Do n't Do '' into a positive slogan talking about games that the vocalist is not `` forced to endure '' .
Charts
References
External links
2015 songs
Warner Records singles
Tom Warhurst Jr. ( born 17 February 1963 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Norwood Football Club in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Warhurst had already played over 200 SANFL games when they were signed by Adelaide for their debut season in 1991 . They had previously been twice recruited by VFL clubs , but on each occasion decided to stay at Norwood . A three time South Australian representative , Warhurst was a member of Norwood 's 1982 and 1984 premiership teams .
They took part in Adelaide 's first AFL game , against Hawthorn at Football Park , where they kept key forward Dermott Brereton goal-less in a convincing win for the club . The 28-year-old played again the following round , in a loss to Carlton , but did not make any further appearance for Adelaide . It was also their last season of senior football as they needed a knee reconstruction at the year 's end .
Their father , Tom Warhurst senior and brother , John Warhurst , were also Norwood footballers . They are however better known for their other careers , Tom senior being a leading tennis player and John a noted academic .
References
1963 births
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
Norwood Football Club players
Adelaide Football Club players
Living people
Belarus–Serbia relations are foreign relations between Belarus and Serbia . On December 31 , 1991 , SFR Yugoslavia recognized Belarus by the decision on the recognition of the former republics of the USSR . Diplomatic relations between Belarus and FR Yugoslavia were established on November 15 , 1994 and at the ambassadorial level in 1996 .
Belarus has an embassy in Belgrade . Serbia has an embassy in Minsk .
Relations
The important stimulus for closer economic and cultural cooperation , and also for the development of tourism , is the visa-free regime which has been in force between Belarus and Serbia since 2000 .
Deep mutual understanding and close cooperation in the field of culture have confirmed successfully carried Days of culture of Belarus in Serbia in 2005 . Days of culture of Serbia were held in Belarus in 2007 . Serbian artists regularly take part in Slavianski Bazaar in Vitebsk and have won three Grand Prix awards in 1997 , 1999 and 2002 .
The contract-legal basis of cooperation of Belarus and Serbia includes 20 signed agreements which cover almost all areas of bilateral interests .
Following the 2020 Belarusian presidential election , Serbia has signed the Declaration initiated by the European Union rejecting election results and criticizing crackdown against those protestings .
Trade
In 2006 , Belarusian exports to Serbia were tractors , potash fertilizers , salt , ferrous metal twisted wires and cotton fabric . Serbian exports to Belarus were pipes , rubber hoses and sleeves , synthetic polymer paints and varnishes , rough-grinding machine tools , honing machines , modular machines for metal processing . Belarus and Serbia signed a free trade agreement in 2009 .
See also
Foreign relations of Belarus
Foreign relations of Serbia
References
External links
Bilateral relations with Belarus , Serbian MFA
Bilateral relations with Serbia , Belarusian MFA
Embassy of Serbia in Minsk
Serbian MFA : list of bilateral treaties with Belarus
Bilateral relations of Serbia
Serbia
Erigeron grandiflorus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names Rocky Mountain alpine fleabane and largeflower fleabane .
Erigeron grandiflorus is native to the Rocky Mountains and other nearby mountain ranges of western Canada and the western United States , from Alberta and British Columbia south to New Mexico and Arizona . It grows in meadows , rocky areas , and near timberline .
Erigeron grandiflorus is a perennial herb up to 25 cm ( 10 inches ) tall , spreading by means of underground rhizomes . The plant generally produces only one flower heads per stem . Each head contains as many as 130 blue , pink , white , or purple ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets .
References
External links
grandiflorus
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Flora of Western Canada
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Flora of New Mexico
Plants described in 1834
Taxa named by William Jackson Hooker
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Pea Reang ( , ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province , in south eastern Cambodia .
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
Elections for Lewisham London Borough Council were held on 3 May 2018 , the same day as for other London Boroughs . All 54 seats were up for election . The Labour Party won all 54 seats in a landslide victory , winning 60 % of the popular vote . The Green Party lost their sole council seat , leaving the party without representation on Lewisham Borough Council for the first time in 16 years .
Overall results
| }
Results by ward
Asterisk denotes the sitting councillor .
Bellingham
Blackheath
Brockley
John Coughlin was the sole Opposition councillor ( 2014-2018 ) and subsequently lost their seat .
Catford South
In June 2019 , Smith left the Labour Party in opposition to Jeremy Corbyn , the then Leader of the party . They now sits as an Independent .
Crofton Park
Downham
Evelyn
Forest Hill
Grove Park
Ladywell
Lee Green
Lewisham Central
New Cross
Perry Vale
Rushey Green
Sydenham
Telegraph Hill
Whitefoot
2018-2022 by-elections
The by-election was called following the resignation of Councillor Alex Feis-Bryce .
The by-election was called following the resignation of Councillor Janet Daby .
References
2018 London Borough council elections
2018
Qari Muammar Zainal Asyikin ( , Mu'ammar Zayn-al Ashqeen ; born 14 June 1954 ) sometimes shortened Muammar ZA or Muammar Za is a popular senior Qari or Quran reciter and Hafiz from Indonesia well known nationally and internationally . They won Qur'an Recitation Contests known as `` Musabaqah Tilawatil Quran '' ( `` MTQ '' ) during the 1980s in Indonesia and abroad . Their talent was recognised during childhood in their hometown Pemalang where they participated and won a local children 's Quran Competition in 1962 when they were just 7 years of age H. Muammar , a national reciter , was renowned internationally for their breath capacity ( the longest in the world , it was said ) .
They are known to have a myriad of achievements related to Qur'an reading competitions . In 1967 they achieved the first place in the Quran Reciting Competition ( `` MTQ '' ) of Jogjakarta Province , and after that winning in 1972 and 1973 representing Jogjakarta province in the national level of Quran Reciting Competition in Indonesia . In 1979 and 1986 they won the International level Quran Reciting Competition , and because of their achievements , they were invited to recite in Istana Nurul Iman of Brunei , National Palace of Malaysia , and until the Middle East .
They were invited by Jamia Binoria to recite the Quran in Pakistan in 2009 . They were also invited to recite in Turkey ( IGMG Aileler Günü ) in 2004 .
Background
Qari Muammar is the seventh child of ten , of which only nine lived to adulthood , of H. Zainal Asykin and Hj . Mu'minatul Afifah who were religious figures of their home village . Qari Muammar was born in Moga district which is approximately 40 km south from the capital city of Pemalang Regency in Central Java . They have a younger brother named Imron Rosyadi Z.A who has followed in their brother 's footsteps to become a Qari . Muammar married a woman from Aceh named Syarifah Nadiya in 1984 and has a daughter and four sons .
In 2002 , Muammar established an Islamic Boarding School or `` Pesantren '' called `` Pesantren Ummul Qura '' ( Arabic : أم القرى ) located in Cipondoh , Tangerang to build future professional Qaris from a young age .
See also
Maria Ulfah
Mu'min Ainul Mubarak
References
1954 births
Indonesian Muslims
Indonesian Quran reciters
Javanese people
Quran reciters
Living people
People from Pemalang Regency
Indonesian people of Egyptian descent
Indonesian people of Arab descent
Universal Music Group artists
Fangatau Airport is an airport serving the village of Teana , located on the Fangatau atoll , in the Tuamotu group of atolls in French Polynesia , from Tahiti .
Fangatau Airport was inaugurated in 1978 .
Airlines and destinations
References
External links
Atoll list ( in French )
Classification of the French Polynesian atolls by Salvat ( 1985 )
Airports in French Polynesia
Atolls of the Tuamotus
Brunch is a mid-morning meal , a combination of breakfast and lunch .
Brunch may also refer to :
Brunch. , the standard author abbreviation for Norwegian naturalist Jørgen Brunchorst ( 1862–1917 )
Brunch ( album ) , a 1993 album by Wink
Brunch , a 1999 EP by Self
Brunch ( musical ) , 2009 rock musical about the New York City restaurant scene
Brunch ( TV program ) , 2012 New Zealand morning television program
`` Brunch '' ( How I Met Your Mother ) , 2006 episode of the American sitcom How I Met Your Mother
Brunch Bar , a brand of cereal bars made by Cadbury
See also
Alex Vasilakis ( born 18 September 1974 ) is a Swiss handball player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
1974 births
Living people
Swiss male handball players
Olympic handball players of Switzerland
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Broadstreet 's was a clothing business located at 576 - 578 Fifth Avenue ( Manhattan ) . In August 1933 the firm leased the entire ground floor , mezzanine , and basement of a building at 5th Avenue and 47th Street , along with other stores in New York City . The lease was negotiated by the R.B . Wattley Company , Inc. , and the Cross & Brown Company . The property extended 50 X 100 feet . Broadstreet 's paid an estimated $ 50,000 per year for rent .
The company was founded by Ralph D. Schneider , who was born in New York City , and entered the clothing business upon graduation from high school . They built Broadstreet 's into a chain of a dozen stores in New York City and Chicago and sold the chain to the Botany group in 1957 , remaining with the company and supervising its 92 clothing stores until their resignation in 1968 .
By 1967 Broadstreet 's was a menswear division of Botany Industries , Inc . In July 1967 Louis Wynn was made president of Broadstreet 's . They had joined the company in 1936 . In 1973 Botany went bankrupt and the Broadstreet shops were closed .
References
1933 in the United States
Great Depression in the United States
Defunct companies based in New York City
Saxon is an XSLT and XQuery processor created by Michael Kay and now developed and maintained by their company , Saxonica . There are open-source and also closed-source commercial versions . Versions exist for Java , JavaScript and .NET .
The current version , as of April 2022 , is 11.3 .
Versions
The original development line of Saxon ended with the version 6 series . This is a series of XSLT 1.0 processors . The current version , 6.5.5 , is not undergoing further development aside from maintenance . The 6 series is only available for the Java programming language .
The current development line , Saxon 11 , implements the XSLT 3.0 and XQuery 3.1 specifications . Saxon is also capable of processing XSLT 1.0 and XSLT 2.0 stylesheets . ( XSLT 2.0 and 3.0 are highly backwards compatible with XSLT 1.0 . ) .
There are two separate source bases : the Java source , and the Javascript source . The Java source is used to generate products for three platforms : SaxonJ ( for Java and other JVM languages such as Scala ) , SaxonCS ( for C # and other .NET languages such as VB.NET ) , and SaxonC ( with APIs for C , C++ , Python , and PHP ) . The Javascript source base is used to generate SaxonJS , which runs in Web browsers and under Node.js .
The Java-built versions come in three levels : Home Edition offers the minimal level of standards conformance defined in the specifications , as an open-source product . Professional Edition adds vendor-specific functionality not required by the standards , for example a range of extension functions and serialisation options . Enterprise Edition adds advanced features ( defined in the W3C standards as optional ) including schema-awareness and streaming , as well as performance-related features such as multi-threaded execution and bytecode generation .
The SaxonCS product is built from the Java source base by means of a custom Java-to-C # transpiler written in XSLT ( see https : //markupuk.org/webhelp/index.html # ar04.html ) . As of April 2022 , only the Enterprise Edition is offered on this platform .
From 2004 until 2009 , Saxon was available into two separate forms : Saxon-B and Saxon-SA . Both of these were built on similar codebases . Saxon-B was open-source software released under the Mozilla Public License , while Saxon-SA was a closed-source commercial product .
The difference between Saxon-B and Saxon-SA was that B was `` basic '' while SA was `` schema-aware '' . These terms are references to terms in the XSLT 2.0 and XQuery 1.0 specification . A processor that is `` schema-aware '' is able to use a W3C XML Schema to define the data types of the various elements in the source XML document ( s ) . These data types can then be used in XPath 2.0 and XSLT 2.0 commands . A `` basic '' XSLT 2.0 processor is unable to use data typing information .
Saxon offers strict conformance to the XSLT 2.0 , XPath 2.0 and 3.0 , and XQuery 1.0 and 3.0 W3C Recommendations , and also implements XML Schema 1.0 and 1.1 . As of 2021 the current version ( 10.6 ) conforms with the W3C Recommendations for XSLT 3.0 , XPath 3.1 , and XQuery 3.1 .
The Saxon source code is written in Java . During 2005-6 M. , David Peterson and others demonstrated that Saxon could be cross-compiled to run on .NET using the IKVM.NET cross-compiler , launching Saxon.NET as a separate product independent of the original developer . With the release of Saxon 8.7 , Saxonica adopted this technology and from that release onwards , all versions have been released simultaneously for Java and .NET . The .NET version of the product omits features that are specific to the Java platform ( such as integration with JDOM , Dom4j , and XOM ) and instead provides features that integrate with the XML processing capabilities of the .NET platform .
In 2012 , following a series of prototypes , Saxonica released Saxon Client Edition ( Saxon-CE ) , a version of the product adapted to run within the browser environment . This is achieved by adapting the Java source code so that it can be cross-compiled to Javascript using the GWT cross-compiler produced by Google . Saxon-CE provides the first implementation of XSLT 2.0 running on the browser , and also extends the language so that rather than merely generating HTML , it can directly handle user interaction . With the release of Saxon-CE 1.1 in February 2013 , the product became open source . In February 2016 Michael Kay announced that Saxonica was working on a replacement for Saxon-CE written in pure Javascript , and dubbed Saxon-JS .
Michael Kay , the author of Saxon , was the editor of the XSLT 2.0 specification and is also editor of the XSLT 3.0 draft .
Features
The Saxon versions that are available for the Java , C ( including PHP and Python ) , and .NET platforms are built from a single codebase . The latter version is built using a transpiler . All technology platform versions share the same capabilities , and they are made available with three different feature sets under two different licensing conditions . For each of these technology platforms , there is an open-source product , Saxon-HE , that is licensed under MPL-2.0 . It provides basic XSLT 3.0 , XPath 3.1 , and XQuery 3.1 functionality , as defined by the respective specifications . In addition , Saxon-HE implements certain features that the XSLT 3.0 specification declares as optional and that were previously reserved for the commercial versions , such as dynamic XPath 3.1 evaluation and higher-order functions in XSLT 3.0 . The commercial versions are called Saxon-PE and Saxon-EE . A detailed and up-to-date feature matrix can be found on the Saxonica web site .
The fourth technology platform is JavaScript . Previously the open-source XSLT processor Saxon-CE was cross-compiled from the common Java source using GWT . SaxonJS is a completely new implementation in JavaScript . The XSLT sources can either be compiled using Saxon-EE or using a built-in XSLT-based XSLT compiler , which creates less optimized code . On the other hand , the XSLT-based XSLT compiler allows dynamic compilation and execution of XSLT . While SaxonJS supports most of the XSLT 3.0 and XPath 3.1 features available in Saxon-HE , SaxonJS does not support XQuery . In contrast to Saxon-HE and the discontinued Saxon-CE , SaxonJS is not open source , but it can be used for free in the browser or in Node.js .
See also
libxml2/Libxslt ( competitor )
Xalan ( competitor )
References
External links
Saxon-B homepage
Saxonica homepage , for Saxon-SA
Saxon XQuery Tools
AntillesXML ( GUI for Saxon )
description of Saxon ( German )
Free system software
Java platform
XQuery processors
XSLT processors
The 1913 Duquesne Dukes football team represented Duquesne University during the 1913 college football season . The head coach was Norman `` Bill '' Budd , coaching their first season with the Dukes .
Schedule
References
Duquesne
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Duquesne Dukes football
Punjab Assembly Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes , Scheduled Tribes and Backward Classes of Punjab Legislative Assembly is constituted annually for a one year period from among the members of the Assembly . The committee focuses on the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and Other Backward Class of Punjab population .
Functions
The functions of the Committee are :
Appointment
The speaker appoints the committee and its members every year for a one year term according to the powers conferred by Article 208 of the Constitution of India read with section 32 of the States Reorganisation Act , 1956 ( 37 of 1956 ) , and in pursuance of Rules 232 ( 1 ) and 2 ( b ) of the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Punjab Legislative Assembly .
Members
For the 1 year period starting May 2022 , the Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes , Scheduled Tribes and Backward Classes of 16th Punjab Assembly had the following members :
Chairpersons
Previous members
For the 1 year period before May 2022 , the Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes , Scheduled Tribes and Backward Classes of 15th Punjab Assembly had the following members :
2021-2022
2020-2021
2019-2020
2018-2019
2017-2018
References
Committees of the Punjab Legislative Assembly
Muladi ( 26 May 1943 – 31 December 2020 ) was an Indonesian academician , judge , and politician who served as the Rector of the Diponegoro University and Minister of Justice in the Seventh Development Cabinet and Development Reform Cabinet .
Early life and education
Muladi was born in Surakarta on 26 May 1943 as the youngest son of Dasijo Darmo Soewito and Sartini . Their father , who came from East Java , was a police officer . Muladi moved to Semarang following their father 's transfer to the city . Muladi was considered naughty during their childhood and consequently experienced grade retention in elementary and junior high school .
Despite failing to graduate from junior high school , Muladi went on to attend a private high school , the Indonesian Institute High School . After completing high school , they studied law and societal studies at Diponegoro University .
At university , Muladi was an active member of the Indonesian National Student Movement . They also joined the Students ' Regiment , a student paramilitary organization . They worked for OPS oil and gas company from 1966 until 1969 .
Academic career
After they graduated from the university , Muladi taught as a docent in Diponegoro University since 1986 . Muladi taught as a docent for eight years until they were appointed the Rector of the Diponegoro University on 13 April 1994 . They still held the rectorate during their tenure as a member of the People 's Consultative Assembly and Minister of Justice . They were relieved of the rectorate on 19 May 1998 when they were replaced by Professor Eko Budihardjo .
Political career
Muladi began their political career when they were appointed the Regional Delegate to the People 's Consultative Assembly on 1 October 1997 . A year later , Muladi was appointed the Minister of Justice in Suharto 's seventh and last cabinet on 14 March 1998 . The cabinet lasted for only two months , as Suharto later resigned on 21 May 1998 .
Habibie , Suharto 's vice president , replaced them as a president . Habibie then formed a new cabinet , in which Muladi served again as Minister of Justice . Habibie 's cabinet was formed on 23 May 1998 and was dissolved on 20 October 1999 following their impeachment and resignation as president .
From 10 May until 20 October 1999 , Muladi served as an ad-interim Minister of State Secretary . The previous officeholder , Akbar Tandjung , resigned from their office to campaign for Golkar in the 1999 Indonesian legislative election .
Personal life
On 22 March 1964 , Muladi married their younger classmate , Nany Ratna Asmara . The marriage resulted in four children , namely Rina Irawanti , Diah Sulistyani , Aida Fitriani , dan Erlina Kumala Esti .
Death
Muladi tested positive for COVID-19 on 17 December 2020 and was treated at Gatot Soebroto Army Hospital . They died at the hospital at 6.45a.m . on 31 December 2020 .
Awards
Muladi received the following awards :
Dwija Sista from the Department of Defence and Security ( 1991 )
Man of the Year from Suara Merdeka Daily ( 1995 )
Civil Service Long Service Medal , 2nd class ( 1995 )
Star of Mahaputera , 1st class ( 1999 )
The Best Alumni of Diponegoro University ( 2003 )
National Police Meritorious Service Star , 1st class ( 2006 )
References
1943 births
2020 deaths
20th-century Indonesian politicians
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Indonesia
Golkar politicians
Diponegoro University alumni
20th-century Indonesian judges
Justices of the Supreme Court of Indonesia
Justice ministers
Ministers of law and human rights of Indonesia
People from Surakarta
Diponegoro University faculty
The Hawaiian Humane Society is a nonprofit , open admission animal shelter in Moiliili , Hawaii . Its original mission was to help children and unwed mothers , but in 1935 changed to its current animal focus .
It has a staff of 85 people who care for healthy animals and treat sick animals , investigate complaints , teach classes , and adopt out cats & dogs . They also have a large group volunteers .
History
In 1883 , 350 concerned citizens organized the Hawaiian Humane Society , a local non-profit , with its first office on the Iolani Palace grounds in a cottage donated by King Kalākaua .
Helen Wilder , daughter of American shipping magnate Samuel Gardner Wilder , was given the authority to enforce animal cruelty laws in 1897 . At that time , they were the first female police officer of the Hawaiian Police Force and perhaps the world . They and their friends raised funds to hire Chang Apana to investigate animal crimes as their first humane investigator .
When the Hawaiian Humane Society was first established , it also served to protect unwed mothers , the mentally ill , and adopted out children . In 1935 the Society abdicated these child protection functions to government agencies such as Child Protective Services .
In 1942 the organization moved to a building in Moiliili . The facility expanded in 2016 .
Programs
The Hawaiian Humane Society 's programs and services focus on strengthening the human-animal bond : rescuing the abused , engaging volunteers , fighting for better laws and caring for more than 20,000 animals a year . They are an open-admission shelter with over 30 programs and services that focus on unwanted prevention , spay and neutering , pet ID and responsible pet acquisition .
References
Further reading
External links
Animal shelters in the United States
Animal welfare organizations based in the United States
Organizations established in 1883
Organizations based in Honolulu
1883 establishments in Hawaii
Non-profit organizations based in Hawaii
Rustic Period ( ) , lit . The Age of Wild Men , is a South Korean television series aired from July 29 , 2002 to September 30 , 2003 on SBS . It focused on the life of historical figure Kim Du-han , a former mob leader turned politician , and the tumultuous modern history of Korea from the Japanese occupation to Park Chung-hee regime .
The show aired on SBS on Mondays to Tuesdays at 22:00 for 124 episodes beginning July 29 , 2002 , and still remains as one of the highest-rated television shows in Korean broadcast history .
Cast
Main
Ahn Jae-mo as Kim Du-han ( Part 1 )
Kim Yeong-cheol as older Kim Doo-han ( Part 2 )
Choi Chul-ho as Uhm Dong-wook
Lee Won-jong as Goo Ma-juk
Lee Chang-hoon as Hyashi
Supporting
Choi Dong-joon as Kim Jwa-jin
Lee Duk-hee as Mrs. Oh
Jung Young-sook as Doo-han 's grandmother
Jeon Mi-seon as Park Gye-sook
Go Doo-shim as Doo-han 's grandmother
Jo Hyung-ki as Doo-han 's uncle
Lee Soon-jae as Won Yeong-gi
Jung Dong-hwan as Choi Dong-yeol
Choi Hang-suk as Im Dong-ho
Lee Won-yong as Kim Yi-soo
Lee Jae-po as Wang Bal
Jung Eun-chan as Moong Chi
Yoon Taek-sang as Sya Cheu
Park Jun-gyu as Ssang Kkal
Park Young-rok as Kim Young-tae
Jang Se-jin as Moon Yeong-cheol
Choi Sang-hak as Beon Kae
Jang Dong-jik as Yoo Tae-gwon
Son Jong-bum as Na Suk-joo
Lee Jae-yong as Miwa Wasaburo
Kim Sung-soo as Omura
Kim Ho-jin as Kim Tae-seo
Yang Hyung-ho as Moon Dal-young
Sung Dong-il as Kae Ko
Lee Dong-hoon as young Kae Ko
Ryu Jong-won as child Kae Ko
Lee Sang-in as Gamisora
Lee Se-chang as Shibaru
Park Seung-ho as Miura
Nam Il-woo as Gonoe
Heo Young-ran as Sul Hyang
Jo Yeo-jung as Ae Ran
Jung So-young as Park In-ae
Nam Hyun-joo as Maria Park
Lee In-cheol as Lee Ki-bung
Kwon Sung-deok as Syngman Rhee
Moon Hoe-won as Kim Yoo-shik
Jo Sang-goo as Shirasoni
Suh Hyun-suk as Jung Jin-young
Kim Jung-min as young Jung Jin-young
Lee Il-hwa as Lee Yeon Suk
Im Byung-ki as Park Hun-young
Nam Sung-jin as Kwak Young-joo
Jun Moo-song as Saitō Makoto
Bae Do-hwan as Han Baek-soo
Shim Hyung-tak as Jung Woon-kyung
Park Jung-hak as Tokuyama
Kim Hyuk as Lee Jung-jae
Kim Yeong-ho as old Lee Jung-jae
Lee Hyo-jung as Yu Chin-san
Kim Hak-cheol as Chough Pyung-ok
Lim Hyeok-ju as Chang Taek-sang
Ahn Shin-woo as Park In-suk
Kim Young-in as Shim Young
Jo Sanggi as Sanghai Jo
Cameos
Choi Jae-sung
Choi Il-hwa
Lee Seung-gi
References
Seoul Broadcasting System television dramas
2002 South Korean television series debuts
2003 South Korean television series endings
Korean-language television shows
South Korean historical television series
Television series set in the Joseon Dynasty
Television series set in Korea under Japanese rule
CHWK-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country format at 89.5 FM in Chilliwack , British Columbia . The station is branded as 89.5 JR Country .
Owned by Jim Pattison Broadcast Group , the station was licensed to Fabmar Communications in May , 2008 . The station began testing on February 11 , 2009 and launched at 12:05 pm on February 20 , 2009 , as 89.5 The Hawk , Chilliwack 's Rock Station , initially playing an active rock format , later adopting a more classic rock format . The station was also the radio home of the WHL Chilliwack Bruins from February 2009 until the team 's relocation to Victoria following the 2011 season .
Glen Slingerland and Sadie are the 'Breakfast Club ' 5:30am-10am . Charlee Morgan is Middays 10am-2pm , John Vosper is Afternoon Drive from 2pm-6pm , Carla Rider is Evening Show
Mark Patric is General Manager and Darren Metselaar is General Sales Manager
On June 28 , 2013 at 10:00 am , the station adopted a classic hits format , and rebranded as 89.5 The Drive , beginning with a weekend-long countdown of 500 songs chosen by the listeners of the station .
On August 20 , 2018 , the Jim Pattison Group announced its intent to acquire Fabmar Communications pending CRTC approval .
On July 1 , 2022 , CHWK-FM flipped to country branded as 89.5 JR Country .
CHWK was the former call sign of a radio station in Chilliwack from 1927 until it changed its call sign to CKSR-FM in 2000 .
Former Logo
References
`` The JIM Pattison Br Acquires Fabmar Communications To Expand Into Chilliwack , Whitecourt & Melfort '' August 14 , 2018
External links
89.5 JR Country
Hwk
Radio stations established in 2009
2009 establishments in British Columbia
Asthenoptycha iriodes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Australia .
Tortricinae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1898
The opening of the Metro Blue Line in 2004 marked the beginning of Metro Transit 's expansion into rail transit , 50 years after the last Twin Cities Rapid Transit streetcars were taken out of service . Several new rail transit projects are either under construction or in planning stages and more are expected to be explored in the near future . Metro Transit will likely be acquiring a significant amount of rolling stock as these new projects move forward .
Light rail
The Twin Cities region has two active light rail lines , the Blue Line , and the Green Line , and an extension to the Green Line , the Southwest Corridor , is currently under construction . As of 2020 , 64 light rail cars are in service and delivery of 27 additional cars is underway .
Type I LRVs
Metro Transit placed its order for light rail vehicles ( LRVs ) for the Blue Line with Bombardier in January 2001 , originally for 18 cars , but increased in stages to 24 cars by early 2003 . Bombardier constructed a full-scale , half-car mock-up of the Minneapolis version of its Flexity Swift design and this was placed on temporary display on a section of completed track on 5th Street , starting on October 30 , 2002 , to enable Metro Transit to give the city 's residents a hands-on preview of the low-floor design several months before completion of the first actual rail cars . The articulated vehicles use a 70 % low-floor design , are long and can carry 66 seated passengers and 180 standees .
The first light rail vehicle for the Blue Line arrived in Minneapolis in March 2003 , and testing of it along the first completed section of the line was underway by June 2003 . The line opened on June 26 , 2004 , with 14 of the 24 Bombardier Flexity Swift LRVs accepted and available for service by then , and all 24 had entered service by the end of the year . In January 2007 , the Metropolitan Council announced that three additional vehicles would be purchased , for a total of 27 LRVs on the line .
The Blue Line 's Type I LRVs are numbered sequentially from 101 through 127 . The Flexity Swift vehicle is an articulated design with three car-body sections , referred to as the A , B and C sections . The markings on the ends of LRVs indicate the vehicle number and section . For example , car 114 is marked 114A on one end and 114B on the other end . Vehicle numbers are also displayed ( excluding the section letter ) on the sides of the C section , on the doors of the operator cabs and on the roof of the vehicle . Both ends of the vehicle have operator cabs , allowing trains of any length to be operated normally in either direction without the need to turn the train around . The pantograph is located on the B section of the vehicle . Auxiliary power unit , traction inverter , traction motor are supplied by Toshiba .
Type II LRVs
In 2010 , the Metropolitan Council negotiated a contract with Siemens to build up to 109 S70/Avanto light rail vehicles , with the first vehicle arriving in September 2012 . Most are intended for the Green Line ( initially the Central Corridor route from Minneapolis to Saint Paul ) which opened in 2014 and is to be expanded from Minneapolis to Eden Prairie along the Southwest Corridor beginning in 2023 , though the initial vehicles were used on the Blue Line as part of that route 's three-car expansion project . The initial order was for 41 vehicles : 31 for the Green Line and 10 to expand the fleet of the Blue Line , allowing that route to operate three-car trains more consistently . Options for additional vehicles were exercised about a year later as contingency funding from the Central Corridor project opened up . As of 2012 , 59 vehicles were on order : 47 for the Green Line and 12 for the Blue .
The initial order had a per-LRV cost of $ 3,297,714 and a total contract value of $ 153,211,516 . Following the option order , the contract grew to $ 213 million . The vehicles are being built at Siemens ' facility in Florin , California , near Sacramento . The first vehicle , numbered 201 , arrived in September 2012 and underwent some initial testing before being officially unveiled at an event at Target Field on October 10 . The first two vehicles had an extended testing period , entering revenue service around the start of 2013 .
Forty options remained available , for potential use once the Green Line 's southwest extension received funding . Five additional Siemens S70 cars were ordered in October 2015 . The first car of this small order arrived in September 2017 and the last later in the fall of 2017 , bringing the total number of type II LRVs to 64 .
The Blue Line 's original first-generation fleet of 27 Bombardier Flexity Swift LRVs and the Siemens `` type II '' LRVs are mechanically , but not electronically , compatible , so while the two generations are able to run on the tracks at the same time and either type would be able to push a malfunctioning unit of the other type , multiple-unit consists may only be assembled of one type .
The type II LRVs weigh 50 tons ( ) , which is about lighter than the earlier Bombardier units . The cars have improved heating systems and better sound insulation to provide a quieter ride . They also feature LED lighting rather than the previous vehicles ' fluorescent tubes . Rear-facing cameras connected to video screens in the operator cab replaced rear-view mirrors in the newer design .
Type III LRVs
In 2016 , Metro Transit placed an order for 27 more Siemens S70 LRVs for its planned Southwest Corridor expansion . These used a modified center-truck design that allowed sideways-facing seating in the center section , for better passenger flow . In 2018 , Siemens adopted a new model number , S700 , for S70 LRVs that used the new center-section design , and in 2020 it retroactively applied the new designation to all previous S70 LRVs built to the new design ; as a result , all of Metro Transit 's type III LRVs ( 301–327 ) are now Siemens model S700 . The first two S700 vehicles arrived in May 2020 .
Specifications
Notes
Operations
Since the completion of three-car station extensions in winter 2010 , Metro Transit operates one- , two- and three- car trains on the Blue Line , depending on the time of day and ridership needs . Many stations on the line were initially built to be capable of serving only one- or two-car trains , as a cost-saving measure ; all of the shorter platforms were designed and built with future extension in mind , and currently all stations are capable of serving three-car trains . The Green Line was built with three-car platforms at all stations .
The number of LRVs in the first-generation fleet limited three-car operations during peak rush hours , as 27 cars did not allow operation of high frequencies with longer trains . In spring and summer 2010 , three-car trains were only used for special event service , such as Twins games , when lower off-peak frequencies allow operation of longer trains to meet demand . Metro Transit continued operating two-car trains during the morning and evening rush hours until September 2010 , when they began operating some 3-car trains during rush hour . However , this required a reduction in frequency so trains would arrive every 10 minutes rather than every 7–8 minutes ( though some 2-car service remains at the old frequency ) . The arrival of Type II LRVs began to allow 3-car trains at high frequencies in 2013 .
Maintenance facilities
The Blue Line 's Operations and Maintenance Facility ( OMF ) is located between the Cedar-Riverside and Franklin Avenue stations . The facility was expanded in 2011–2012 to make room for the 12 additional type II LRVs and a Light Rail Support Facility to allow some maintenance not requiring direct access to vehicle chassis to be moved out of the OMF building . The Green Line 's Operations and Maintenance Facility is located on the site of the former Diamond Products building in Saint Paul 's Lowertown neighborhood , just east of the Union Depot station .
Commuter rail
The Twin Cities region currently has one heavy-rail commuter line , the Northstar Line . Though others are planned , none has advanced beyond alternatives analysis at this time .
Locomotives
The Northstar commuter rail line 's first five locomotives are the MP36PH-3C , manufactured by MotivePower in Boise , Idaho at a total cost of $ 13,823,000 . The first of the locomotives , # 501 , was delivered October 3 , 2008 . The other four arrived around New Years Day of 2009 . The locomotives are numbered sequentially 501 through 505 .
Around the time the line began service in November 2009 , it was announced that a negotiation were underway with the Utah Transit Authority to acquire a sixth locomotive from their FrontRunner service . This locomotive arrived in December 2009 . By June , Metro Transit decided to purchase the UTA locomotive due to high leasing costs and the need to have an extra locomotive for when others are being repaired or inspected . $ 2.85 million for buying the locomotive and repainting it in Northstar livery came from a $ 10.1 million contingency fund built into the original cost of the service .
Passenger coaches
Northstar uses the Bombardier Bi-Level Coach , a number of which are configured as cab cars . With no straightforward way to turn the trains or locomotives around at the ends of the line , the train is simply run in reverse from Big Lake to Minneapolis . The engineer remotely controls the locomotive from the cab car in the last coach of the train .
Official documents state that the line uses seventeen Bombardier BiLevel Coach passenger vehicles , although an 18th coach ( # 712 ) has apparently been photographed .
Consists
Five trains are used during a typical day 's operations , each consisting of a single locomotive , two or three regular coaches and a cab car coach . The extra locomotive and coach are available for backup if needed . Northstar platforms were built long enough to accommodate trains of five coaches , which were used for some weekend trains in the early weeks of service .
Maintenance
The maintenance facility for the Northstar Line is located just east of the station in Big Lake , Minnesota .
References
External links
RR Picture Archive : photos of Metro Transit 's Flexity Swift vehicles
Northstar Commuter Rail 's Flickr photostream
Bombardier : Flexity LRV information
Rolling stock of the United States
Light rail in Minnesota
Commuter rail in Minnesota
Transportation in Minneapolis
750 V DC multiple units
Metro Transit ( Minnesota )
Joel Trammell is an American business person and entrepreneur . Trammell works in CEO education and software .
Trammell is the former CEO of Black Box Network Services , and the founder and chairperson of Khorus Software , which equips CEOs with strategy-execution software . They are also the author of The CEO Tightrope , published by Greenleaf Book Group in 2014 .
Education
Trammel received their bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering from Louisiana Tech University in 1987 . Trammell served on the board of directors for The Louisiana Tech University Research Foundation for the 2013–2014 year .
Career
After college , Trammell went on to be an instructor at the Naval Nuclear Power School for four years . From 1990 to 1995 , Trammell served as CEO for UST Computers , then co-founded HomeSmart . In 1999 , Trammell and their wife , Cathy Fulton , co-founded NetQoS , a developer of network and application performance management software . They served as CEO until the company was acquired by CA Technologies in 2009 for $ 200 million . After NetQoS , Trammell founded Cache IQ , a developer of network resident caching solutions for file-based storage . Cache IQ was acquired by NetApp Inc. in November 2012 . In 2011 , they co-founded Lone Rock Technology Group LLC. , where they serve as a managing partner . Trammell founded Khorus Software in 2013 , a business management software company made specifically for CEOs to align organizations , execute strategy , and deliver predictable results . The company officially launched in February 2014 and Trammell serves as chairperson .
Trammell serves as a board member for Rise School of Austin and Austin Technology Council , where they serve as Chairman Emeritus . They are also a managing partner at Lake Austin Advisors . They served as a board member at Black Box Network Services until November 2017 , when they were selected as CEO .
Trammell contributes to Forbes and Entrepreneur with advice for current and aspiring CEOs , as well as sharing their leadership experiences on their blog , The American CEO . At the Austin Chapter of Rice Alliance , Trammell teaches a yearly 9-week long CEO training program .
Personal life
Joel Trammell is married to Cathy Fulton , with whom they co-founded NetQoS in 1999 . They have three children and reside in Austin , Texas . Joel and Cathy are investors and board members at BridgingApps , an Easter Seals Houston program which provides disabled children with communication and educational technology and training . Trammell enjoys playing tennis , and applies the lessons learned from the game to their entrepreneurship . In 1999 , they won the `` Player of the Year '' award , for their sportsmanship and playing level from the Capital Area Tennis Association . In 2005 , Joel and their tennis partner , Jonas Lundblad , won the USTA Men 's 30 and Over National Doubles Championship , and again in 2014 , with partner David Corrie . Trammell also enjoys playing poker and is a basketball fan .
Awards and recognition
In 2006 , Trammell was awarded Ernst and Young 's `` Entrepreneur of the Year '' for its Central Texas Region and Austin Business Journals `` Private Company Executive of the Year '' award . That year they also won the CEO Poker Tournament , taking home $ 15,870 .
References
External links
The American CEO blog
1965 births
Living people
Members of the Libertarian Party ( United States )
21st-century American businesspeople
Indian Hollow is an unincorporated community along Hogue Creek in Frederick County , Virginia . It is named for the Indian Hollow through Hunting Ridge . The community is located on Indian Hollow Road ( VA 679 ) northeast of Hayfield .
References
Unincorporated communities in Frederick County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Saffet is a Turkish given name mostly for males . People named Saffet include :
Saffet Pasha , Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire
Saffet Atabinen , Ottoman and Turkish orchestra conductor
Saffet Arıkan , Ottoman military officer and Turkish politician
Saffet Sancaklı , Turkish footballer
Turkish masculine given names
Judith May Warnick ( née Knapp , born May 28 , 1950 ) is an American politician who is a member of the Republican Party . They are a member of the Washington State Senate , representing the 13th Legislative District since 2015 . They were a member of the Washington House of Representatives , from 2007-2015 .
Awards
2020 Guardians of Small Business . Presented by NFIB .
Personal life
Warnick 's husband is Roy . They have three children . Warnick and their family live in Moses Lake , Washington .
References
External links
Judith Warnick at ballotpedia.org
1950 births
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Washington ( state ) state senators
Washington ( state ) Republicans
Women state legislators in Washington ( state )
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
People from Deer Park , Washington
Thomas Pincerna , also known as Thomas Butler was Archdeacon of Totnes from 1238 to 1254 .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
13th-century English clergy
This is the results breakdown of the Congress of Deputies election held in Spain on 20 December 2015 . The following tables show detailed results in each of the country 's 17 autonomous communities and in the autonomous cities of Ceuta and Melilla , as well as a summary of constituency and regional results .
Electoral system
348 members of the Congress of Deputies were elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation , with an electoral threshold of three percent of valid votes—which included blank ballots—being applied in each constituency . The D'Hondt method might result in a higher effective threshold , depending on the district magnitude . Seats were allocated to constituencies , corresponding to the provinces of Spain , with each being allocated an initial minimum of two seats and the remaining 248 being distributed in proportion to their populations . Ceuta and Melilla were allocated the two remaining seats , which were elected using plurality voting . Voting was on the basis of universal suffrage , which comprised all nationals over eighteen and in full enjoyment of their political rights . Additionally , Spaniards abroad were required to apply for voting before being permitted to vote , a system known as `` begged '' or expat vote ( ) .
The electoral law allowed for parties and federations registered in the interior ministry , coalitions and groupings of electors to present lists of candidates . Parties and federations intending to form a coalition ahead of an election were required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days of the election call , whereas groupings of electors needed to secure the signature of at least one percent of the electorate in the constituencies for which they sought election , disallowing electors from signing for more than one list of candidates . Concurrently , parties , federations or coalitions that had not obtained a mandate in either chamber of the Cortes at the preceding election were required to secure the signature of at least 0.1 percent of electors in the asupervisorstioned constituencies .
Nationwide
Summary
Constituencies
Regions
Autonomous communities
Andalusia
Aragon
Asturias
Balearic Islands
Basque Country
Canary Islands
Cantabria
Castile and León
Castilla–La Mancha
Catalonia
Extremadura
Galicia
La Rioja
Madrid
Murcia
Navarre
Valencian Community
Autonomous cities
Ceuta
Melilla
References
Congress
Congress
Advocate P. P. Baburaj is a social activist and former judge based in Mysore , India . Baburaj is the Managing Trustee of People 's Legal Forum , Mysore , which is a non-profit organization intervening in child labor issues .
Child labor issues
Baburaj is actively involved in campaigns against child labor in India . They had conducted a campaign in 2014 against the government of Karnataka for not utilizing the funds received from the federal government for child welfare . The government has not spent any money for children rescued from workplaces during the last eight years . The Mysore district administration has received a total of Rs.314,000 for this purpose . According to Baburaj , 48 cases of child labour were recorded in Mysore district between 2004 and 2014 .
Training for police officers
In 2016 , Baburaj conducted workshops for police officers of Karnataka state in the subject of child rights and juvenile justice system . The workshops were organized in collaboration with Karnataka State Commission of Protection of Child Rights ( KSCPCR ) , District Legal Services Authority to sensitize the police officials in dealing with juvenile crimes .
People 's Legal Forum
Baburaj is the Managing Trustee of People 's Legal Forum , Mysore a legal action group intervening in child rights and other humanitarian issues . http : //mysorelegalforum.blogspot.in/
The Forum has also conducted a campaign against children being forced with heavy schoolbags and the campaign became successful when the Karnataka High Court initiated an action against heavy schoolbags .
Campaign against corporal punishments in schools
Baburaj has conducted an internet campaign against corporal punishment in schools . It was done as a part of study of Child Welfare Committees of Karnataka state .
Publications
Baburaj has published five books
Zero Budget Natural farming in Malayalam language
Child Protection and Juvenile Justice in Kannada language
Healthy life without medicines in Kannada ,
Farmers in doldrums in Kannada , and
Natural remedy for diabetes in Kannada ( Translation from Malayalam ) .
They have started Palladan Publishing House and published a few books , including their daughter Emily Oshin 's novella .
Child Labour Amendment Bill 2016
Baburaj has launched a campaign against the Child Labour Prhibition an Regulation Amendment Bill 2016 presented in the Indian Parliament . They argued that the bill makes 14 years of legal working age across all sectors but makes no such restrictions for children working in the family enterprise . They argued that children are also exploited in the entertainment industry losing their education altogether . Children are widely employed in India in farms , teastalls and roadside shops . Relaxing the rules for family business can mean children working in brick factories , welding shops and agricultural enterprises .
See also
People 's Legal Forum , Mysore
References
People from Thrissur
Indian human rights activists
20th-century Indian lawyers
1965 births
Living people
Mohammad Kamran Khan is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 .
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-40 ( Tribal Area-V ) as an independent candidate of in 2008 Pakistani general election . They received 5,894 votes and defeated Abdul Qayyum , a candidate of Pakistan Citizen Movement . They were criticized for their poor performance during their tenure as Member of the National Assembly .
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-40 ( Tribal Area-V ) as an independent candidate of in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful . They received 3,259 votes and lost the seat to Muhammad Nazeer Khan .
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Miranshah
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Paula McMath is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Kingsville , Ontario , currently based in Los Angeles . McMath was named one of Music Connection 's Hot 100 Unsigned Artists in 2006 . Them album , Because We Bleed , was released in 2005 . Them second CD , Trust the Sky , was reviewed by Paul Zollo , Senior Editor of American Songwriter , who said `` it resounds like the work of a mature , experienced singer-songwriter , someone who 's been doing this for decades . But like Laura Nyro , Carole King , and others who wrote inimitable masterpieces from the very start , Paula is a prodigiously gifted singer – songwriter who has taken their inherent abilities and soared with them . '' McMath was also featured in Music Connection 's year end top 25 new music critiques for 2010 . Two songs from Because We Bleed , `` Consumed '' and `` Ca n't Stop Thinkin ' of You '' , were included in the season 2 DVD release of Everwood .
Discography
Because We Bleed ( 2005 )
Lonely Blue
Wet
Consumed
Ca n't Stop Thinkin ' of You
Alive with My Demons
Naked
10 of 9
Virgin Queen Elizabeth the First
When You Go
No More
Deep Blue Dawn
Trust the Sky ( 2009 )
3 Flights of Stairs
Elevator
I Feel Small
Trust the Sky
Will I Ever Know Love
Without Ever Saying a Word
All the Time I 'm Gon na Kill
Maybe One Day
Taken All My Life
Walking Slowly
Until I Do n't Know When
So Long
References
External links
Paula McMath official website
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Musicians from Windsor , Ontario
Canadian women singer-songwriters
Richard Blunt was Archdeacon of Totnes during 1265 .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Georgios Manousakis ( ; born 10 April 1998 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a striker for Super League 2 club Iraklis .
Career statistics
References
1998 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Football League ( Greece ) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Ergotelis F.C . players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Heraklion
Rumo may refer to :
People
Rumo von Ramstein ( died ca . 1300 ) , German abbot
Places
, town in Sumaila
Rumo , Trentino , Italy
RUMO Plant , Nizhny Novgorod , Russia
Other
Rumo , title character of Rumo and Their Miraculous Adventures
Rumo S.A. , Brazilian logistics company
Nanov is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of a single village , Nanov .
The commune is situated in the middle of the Wallachian Plain , on the banks of the Nanov River . It is crossed by the 44th parallel north .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
1988 ACC Tournament may refer to :
1988 ACC men 's basketball tournament
1988 ACC women 's basketball tournament
1988 ACC Men 's Soccer Tournament
1988 ACC Women 's Soccer Tournament
1988 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Kampong Chhnang Airport is an abandoned airport near Kampong Chhnang , the capital of the Kampong Chhnang Province in Cambodia . It is located near Pratlang village , roughly 60 kilometers northwest of Phnom Penh . The airfield was built and abandoned during the Cambodian Genocide .
History
Plans to construct the airport began in 1975 , organized by the Khmer Rouge with considerable assistance from Chinese advisors . Construction began in early 1976 with forced labor , similar to other infrastructure projects initiated by the Khmer Rouge . The total number of laborers initially was in the hundreds , and by 1977 was estimated to be more than 10,000 . Workers died in significant numbers due to malnutrition , exposure , disease , and execution , and were buried in mass graves at the site . It is unknown how many died in total during the construction , however , local villagers have stated that the stench of decomposing corpses remained for years after the site was abandoned . There is no placard or memorial at the site .
Facilities
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level . It has one runway designed 18/36 with a concrete surface measuring .
The airfield has been abandoned since the late 1970s .
References
External links
Airports in Cambodia
Buildings and structures in Kampong Chhnang province
Ro-63 , originally named Submarine No . 84 , was an Imperial Japanese Navy Type L submarine of the L4 subclass . First commissioned in 1924 , they served in the waters of Japan prior to World War II . During World War II , they operated in the Central Pacific and took part in the Aleutian Islands campaign , then in late 1942 was relegated to a role as a training ship and tender for midget submarines . After the war ended in 1945 , they surrendered to the Allies , who scuttled them in 1946 .
Design and description
The submarines of the Type L4 sub-class were copies of the Group 3 subclass of the British L-class submarine built under license in Japan . They were slightly larger and had two more torpedo tubes than the preceding submarines of the L3 subclass . They displaced surfaced and submerged . The submarines were long and had a beam of and a draft of . They had a diving depth of .
For surface running , the submarines were powered by two Vickers diesel engines , each driving one propeller shaft . When submerged , each propeller was driven by an electric motor . They could reach on the surface and underwater . On the surface , they had a range of at ; submerged , they had a range of at .
The submarines were armed with six internal torpedo tubes , all in the bow , and carried a total of twelve 6th Year Type torpedoes . They were also armed with a single deck gun and a 6.5 mm machine gun .
Construction and commissioning
Ro-63 was laid down as Submarine No . 84 on 2 April 1923 by Mitsubishi at Kobe , Japan . Launched on 24 January 1924 , they were renamed Ro-63 on 1 November 1924 while fitting out . They were completed and commissioned on 20 December 1924 .
Service history
Pre-World War II
Upon commissioning , Ro-63 was attached to the Maizuru Naval District and assigned to Submarine Division 33 . On 1 June 1925 , they were transferred to the Sasebo Naval District and reassigned to Submarine Division 24 , in which they remained until 1939 . Submarine Division 24 was reassigned to Submarine Squadron 1 in the 1st Fleet in the Combined Fleet on 1 December 1925 . On 1 March 1926 , Ro-63 and the submarines , , , , , , , and departed Sasebo , Japan , bound for Okinawa , which they reached the same day . The nine submarines got underway from Okinawa on 30 March 1926 for a training cruise in Chinese waters off Shanghai and Amoy which concluded with their arrival at Mako in the Pescadores Islands on 5 April 1926 . They departed Mako on 20 April 1926 for the return leg of their training cruise , operating off China near Chusan Island , then returned to Sasebo on 26 April 1926 . On 27 March 1927 , Ro-60 , Ro-61 , Ro-62 , Ro-63 , Ro-64 , and Ro-68 departed Saeki Bay , Japan , for a training cruise off Tsingtao , China , which they concluded with their arrival at Sasebo , Japan , on 16 May 1927 .
On 10 December 1928 , Submarine Division 24 was transferred back to the Sasebo Naval District and began service in the Sasebo Defense Division . Ro-63 was decommissioned on 10 March 1929 and placed in reserve at Maizuru , but was recommissioned on 29 June 1929 . While proceeding to Sasebo , Japan , on 13 November 1929 after conducting diving exercises with Ro-64 , Ro-63 collided off Sasebo with the small Japanese motor vessel , suffering minor damage to their starboard bow .
Submarine Division 24 returned to duty in Submarine Squadron 1 in the 1st Fleet on 30 November 1929 . It transferred back to the Sasebo Naval District on 1 December 1930 and began a stint in the Sasebo Defense Division on 1 December 1931 . Ro-63 again was decommissioned on 1 December 1932 and placed in reserve at Maizuru .
Ro-63 was recommissioned on 20 March 1934 , resuming active service in Submarine Division 24 , which by then was assigned to the Sasebo Guard Squadron in the Sasebo Naval District . The division′s service in the Sasebo Guard Squadron ended on 15 November 1934 , after which it was assigned directly to the Sasebo Naval District until 1 December 1936 , when it was assigned to the Sasebo Defense Squadron . It resumed its direct assignment to the Sasebo Naval District on 1 January 1938 .
Ro-63 was transferred to Submarine Division 33 on either 1 September or 15 November 1938 , according to different sources , for service at the submarine school at Kure , Japan . On 15 November 1939 , Submarine Division 33 was reassigned to Submarine Squadron 7 in the 4th Fleet in the Combined Fleet . When the Imperial Japanese Navy deployed for the upcoming conflict in the Pacific , Ro-63 was at Kwajalein in the Marshall Islands . They received the message `` Climb Mount Niitaka 1208 '' ( ) from the Combined Fleet on 2 December 1941 , indicating that war with the Allies would commence on 8 December 1941 Japan time , which was on 7 December 1941 on the other side of the International Date Line in Hawaii , where Japanese plans called for the war to open with their attack on Pearl Harbor .
World War II
Central Pacific
Ro-63 was with the other submarines of Submarine Division 33 — Ro-64 and — at Kwajalein when Japan entered World War II on 8 December 1941 , Kwajalein time . That day , they got underway to conduct a reconnaissance of Howland Island . They sighted an enemy plane northwest of Howland on 12 December , reconnoitered Howland on 14 and 15 December , and returned to Kwajalein on 19 December 1941 .
Ro-63 departed Kwajalein on 7 January 1942 and called at Truk in the Caroline Islands from 11 to 15 January before getting back underway in company with Ro-64 and Ro-68 to conduct a reconnaissance of Rabaul on New Britain in the Admiralty Islands . They then patrolled south of Cape St. George on New Ireland before returning to Truk on 29 January 1942 .
Ro-63 , Ro-64 , and Ro-68 left Truk on 18 February 1942 , called at Ponape from 23 to 24 February , and then set out for the Marshall Islands area . During their voyage , however , Ro-63′s horizontal rudder failed on 27 February 1942 , and they proceeded to Bikini Atoll for repairs in company with Ro-64 . The two submarines reached Bikini on 28 February 1942 . They got back underway on 1 March 1942 , but Ro-63′s jury-rigged rudder quickly broke again and they turned back to Bikini while Ro-64 proceeded independently . On 2 March 1942 , they departed Bikini to head for Japan for repairs , calling along the way at Ponape from 5 to 7 March 1942 , at Truk from 9 to 19 March 1942 , and at Saipan in the Mariana Islands from 22 to 26 March 1942 before arriving at Maizuru on 3 April 1942 .
After their repairs were completed , Ro-63 departed Maizuru on 5 June 1942 , arrived at Saipan on 13 June , and then made for Truk . Recalled to Japan , they departed Truk on 27 June 1942 bound for Yokosuka , Japan , which they reached on 4 July 1942 .
Aleutian Islands campaign
On 14 July 1942 , Submarine Division 33 was reassigned to the 5th Fleet for service in the Aleutian Islands , where the Aleutian Islands campaign had begun in June 1942 with the Japanese occupation of Attu and Kiska . At 16:00 on 24 July 1942 , Ro-63 , Ro-64 , and Ro-68 departed Yokosuka bound for Paramushiro in the northern Kurile Islands . Ro-64 was forced to return to Yokosuka when food poisoning broke out among their crew , but Ro-63 and Ro-68 pressed on and arrived at Paramushiro on 29 July 1942 . Ro-63 and Ro-68 put to sea again on 31 July 1942 to head for Kiska , which they reached on 4 August 1942 . Thereafter , they were based there along with the submarines , Ro-61 , Ro-62 , Ro-64 , , and .
On 7 August 1942 , an American task force bombarded Kiska while I-6 , Ro-61 , Ro-64 , and Ro-68 were anchored in the harbor , and they crash-dived to avoid damage . Between 8 and 10 August 1942 , Ro-61 , Ro-63 , Ro-64 , and Ro-68 sought to intercept the American ships , but failed to find them . From 11 to 13 August 1942 , Ro-63 participated with Ro-64 and Ro-68 in a search for the crew of a ditched reconnaissance plane , and Ro-63 subsequently conducted patrols off the Aleutians from their base at Kiska from 17 to 20 August , 28 to 30 August , 3 to 5 September , and 6 to 11 September 1942 .
On 14 September 1942 , Ro-63 was anchored at Kiska when American aircraft raided the base . They submerged to avoid attack , but a bomb a United States Army Air Forces Eleventh Air Force B-24 Liberator dropped nonetheless damaged one of their periscopes while they were underwater . Submarine Division 33 was attached directly to the 51st Base Unit at Kiska on 15 September 1942 , and Ro-63 carried out another Aleutians patrol from 22 to 24 September 1942 .
While Ro-63 was at Kiska on 25 September 1942 , Submarine Division 33 was reassigned to the Kure Naval District . Ro-63 , Ro-64 , and Ro-68 departed Kiska on 26 September 1942 bound for Maizuru , where they arrived on 5 October 1942 .
Training and tender duties
Ro-63 departed Maizuru on 6 November 1942 and arrived at Kure on 8 November 1942 . Thereafter , Submarine Division 33 was assigned to training duties in the Kure Naval District . It was assigned to the Kure Submarine Squadron on 1 December 1943 .
On 28 March 1945 , Ro-63 was selected for conversion to a tender for Type D ( Kōryū ) midget submarines based on Amami Ōshima in the Amami Islands . After completion of a makeshift conversion at the Kure Naval Arsenal that included the installation of a Type 96 25 mm anti-aircraft gun and a radar detector , Ro-63 departed Kure on 8 April 1945 , stopped at Sasebo , and then got underway from Sasebo on 10 April 1945 bound for Amami Ōshima . They arrived at Koniya on Amami Ōshima on 13 April 1945 and unloaded their cargo of torpedoes and spare parts . Continual Allied air attacks forced them to remain submerged on the harbor bottom at Koniya by day and surface only at night to perform their tender duties during darkness . On 29 April 1945 , they received orders to return to Sasebo . After loading a cargo of sugar at Kasari Bay on Amami Ōshima on 30 April , Ro-63 headed for Sasebo , which they reached on 3 May 1945 .
After their arrival at Sasebo , Ro-63 was drydocked until mid-May 1945 , when they proceeded to Ōtake , Japan , to resume their training activities at the submarine school there . They were at Maizuru when hostilities between Japan and the Allies ended on 15 August 1945 . They subsequently surrendered to Allied forces .
Disposal
The Japanese struck Ro-63 from the Navy list on 20 November 1945 . Allied forces scuttled them in the Iyo Nada in the Seto Inland Sea in May 1946 .
References
Bibliography
, History of Pacific War Extra , `` Perfect guide , The submarines of the Imperial Japanese Forces '' , Gakken ( Japan ) , March 2005 ,
The Maru Special , Japanese Naval Vessels No.43 Japanese Submarines III , Ushio Shobō ( Japan ) , September 1980 , Book code 68343-44
The Maru Special , Japanese Naval Vessels No.132 Japanese Submarines I `` Revised edition '' , Ushio Shobō ( Japan ) , February 1988 , Book code 68344-36
The Maru Special , Japanese Naval Vessels No.133 Japanese Submarines II `` Revised edition '' , Ushio Shobō ( Japan ) , March 1988 , Book code 68344-37
Ro-60-class submarines
Japanese L type submarines
Ships built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
1924 ships
World War II submarines of Japan
Ships of the Aleutian Islands campaign
Maritime incidents in 1929
Maritime incidents in 1946
Scuttled vessels
Shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Shipwrecks of Japan
The 1977 Rose Bowl was a college football bowl game played on January 1 , 1977 . It was the 63rd Rose Bowl Game . The USC Trojans , champions of the Pacific-8 Conference , defeated the Michigan Wolverines , champions of the Big Ten Conference ,
USC quarterback Vince Evans was named the Rose Bowl Player of the Game , and Trojan first-year student tailback Charles White , subbing for Heisman Trophy runner-up Ricky Bell , who was injured in the first quarter , rushed for 114 yards and It was the third consecutive win for the Pac-8 in the Rose Bowl , and the seventh of the
Teams
Michigan
Michigan won their first eight games and spent most of the season ranked first in the polls , until a upset loss to Purdue on November 6 . They capped off their Big Ten championship with a shutout of arch rival Ohio State ; they were ranked second in both major polls at the end of the regular season .
USC
Under first-year head coach John Robinson , USC was upset in the season opener at home by Missouri , It was the Trojans ' fifth-straight regular season loss , dating back to the prior season when John McKay had announced their end-of-season resignation ( leaving for the expansion Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL ) . USC won the rest of their games in 1976 , climaxed by a win over # 2 UCLA to clinch the conference and a subsequent 17–13 victory over
Scoring
First quarter
No scoring
Second quarter
Michigan - Rob Lytle , 1-yard run ( Bob Wood kick blocked )
USC - Vince Evans , 1-yard run ( Walker kick )
Third quarter
No scoring
Fourth quarter
USC - Charles White , 7-yard run ( Walker kick )
Aftermath
Undefeated Pittsburgh , led by Heisman Trophy winner Tony Dorsett , was the consensus # 1 team entering the bowls and played # 4 Georgia in the Sugar Bowl in New Orleans . USC and Michigan hoped Georgia would upset Pitt to set up the Rose Bowl as a national championship showdown , but Pitt had a dominant win earlier in the day to keep its top ranking in the USC finished second and Michigan dropped only
References
External links
Summary at Bentley Historical Library , University of Michigan Athletics History
Rose Bowl
Rose Bowl Game
Michigan Wolverines football bowl games
USC Trojans football bowl games
Rose Bowl
January 1977 sports events in the United States
Carenum pusillum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by William John Macleay in 1883 .
References
pusillum
Beetles described in 1883
Welcome To The Traphouse is a mixtape by rapper Young Buck , hosted by DJ Drama . The mixtape features exclusive tracks and freestyles from Young Buck with appearances by Pimp C , All Star Cashville Prince , Yo Gotti , B.G . and more . It was released for digital download on August 21 , 2006 . This is the second of three mixtapes released by Buck to promote their upcoming album Buck The World .
Track list
References
2006 mixtape albums
Young Buck albums
DJ Drama albums
George Anne Bellamy ( née O'Hara ; 23 April 173116 February 1788 ) was an Irish actor . They took leading roles at Theatre Royal , Drury Lane
Them success was rapid , participating in the rivalry for popular favor in Romeo and Juliet in 1750 , playing with Garrick at Drury Lane , while Barry and Mrs. Cibber played at Covent Garden . They were thought the more charming of the Juliets . Mrs. Bellamy was popular and they were received in the best society . They forfeited their reputation by their liaisons .
Them last appearance was at Drury Lane on 24 May 1785 in their own benefit concert . They were unable to act , but spoke a short address to the audience . The same year they published `` An Apology for the Life of George Anne Bellamy '' in six volumes . These memoirs are believed to have been ghost written from their notes by Alexander Bicknell . They died in poverty in 1788 in Edinburgh .
Biography
Bellamy was born , by their own account , at Fingal , Ireland on St. George 's Day 1731 .
`` George Anne '' was a name given by mistake for Georgiana . Officially George Anne Bellamy , they decided to keep this name and use it in their professional career .
They were the daughter of minor actor , Mrs Bellamy , ( née Seal ) and James O'Hara , 2nd Baron Tyrawley , and was educated by him .
Devastated that they were not their biological father , they left England and ceased all communication with their mother .
Bellamy was put out to nurse until they were two and then between ages four and eleven , they were enrolled in a convent in Boulogne . They spent most of their childhood moving between places . When they are n't in school , they spent their time living with various carers and family members . They were given an annual allowance of 100l by their father on the condition that they did not see their mother , who eventually convinced them to move back in with them which caused their allowance to be withdrawn .
Despite a highly successful career , they lived a very tumultuous life , plagued by debt and misfortune . When they died , they had little money to their name and was living under the rules of the King 's bench prison in their final residence in Eliot 's Row , St George 's Fields .
Career
It was during the period where they were living with their mother that they met Mr. Rich of Covent Garden Theatre as well as their daughters . By chance , Mr. Rich heard them reciting passages from Othello one day while playing with their daughters . Impressed , they engaged them as a performer and made their professional debut on 22 November 1744 , aged thirteen playing Monimia in The Orphan . Prior to their professional debut , they had already performed in Covent Garden in one of their very first roles , a non-speaking part as the servant to Colombine in the Harlequin Barber in 1741 . In 1745 , they were engaged by Mr. Sheridan and accompanied them to Dublin , Ireland as a theatrical recruit , where they remained for two seasons . Whilst they were there they found patronage with a Mrs Butler who helped them to unseat Fanny Furnival from the roile of Constance in King John . Bellamy took that role and Furnival , in an ill-planned revenge , stole Bellamy 's dress to later appear on stage . The dress actually belonged to Butler and Butler got the audience to chant Furnival off the stage .
Bellamy returned to England in 1748 and spent the next few years performing between Covent Garden and Drury Lane . Between 1760 and 1764 , they mainly performed in Dublin and Glasgow . They officially retired from the stage in 1784 and died four years later on 16 February 1788 .
One of their most significant roles was Juliet in Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet , which they performed during the `` Battle of the Romeos '' . The Battle of Romeos was a period of twelve days in 1750 where both Covent Garden and Drury Lane theatre put on productions of Romeo and Juliet simultaneously . In Covent Garden it was David Garrick and Bellamy while Drury Lane had Spranger Barry and Susannah Cibber playing the title roles . At age nineteen , Bellamy was said to be the more successful Juliet compared to Cibber , an already well-established tragic actor . `` Several critics found Bellamy , young and beautiful , more physically appropriate for Juliet and more pleasing in the first half of the play ''
Bellamy was known for being very strong willed and some suggested that their determination contributed to their success as much as their acting abilities . One such example was when Miss Wilford was cast as Cordelia . Bellamy , unhappy with decision , decided to take matters into their own hands and created and distributed hand-out sheets to the audience , stating that the role had been taken from them the night before . Aware that Miss Wilford had previously not been well received in this particular role , they put onto the hand-out that should the audience prefer , they would be ready to step into the role . As the curtain rose , the audience called so loudly for Bellamy that Wilford had no choice but to hand over the role .
Bellamy had a successful career that although began by luck , was subsequently built on talent , hard work and determination .
References
References
This work in turn cites :
George Anne Bellamy , An Apology for the Life of George Anne Bellamy , late of Covent Garden Theatre , Written by Herself ( six volumes , London , 1785 )
Matthews and Hutton , Actors and Actresses of Great Britain and the United States ( New York , 1886 )
Galt , John , Lives of the Players ( London , 1831 )
External links
1727 births
1788 deaths
18th-century Irish actores
18th-century Irish women writers
18th-century Irish writers
British memoirists
Daughters of barons
Irish stage actores
Irish emigrants to Great Britain
Actresses from Dublin ( city )
People from Fingal
Irish women memoirists
Irish memoirists
Gustavo Goulart ( born September 26 , 1989 ) is a Brazilian actor and singer .
They started their career at four years old , with films and series in their country of origin ( Brazil ) , and also overseas , in many different countries . They had some roles at Rede Globo as an actor , but decided to focus on their international career .
As a singer , their discography has two albums : Estúdio A : My First ( 2006 – original songs ) , and Southern Chords : Worldwide Hits ( 2016 – cover songs ) , both distributed worldwide and available in online music stores and streaming services .
The filmography below is partial . It contains only the most important films and TV series in which Gustavo has worked in each year of their career . It displays only one ( or some ) of their functions in each job , as they often work in several functions in the same project .
Filmography
Television
Film
References
1989 births
Living people
Male actors from São Paulo
Brazilian male television actors
Brazilian male telenovela actors
Brazilian male film actors
Brazilian male stage actors
Safonov ( ) and Safonova ( ; feminine ) is a Russian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Andrey Safonov ( b . 1964 ) , politician from Transnistria
Boris Safonov ( 1915–1942 ) , World War II flying ace
Dmitry Safonov ( 1895–1941 ) , Soviet general
Igor Safonov , Soviet sprint canoer
Matvei Safonov ( b . 1999 ) , Russian footballer
Mikhail Safonov ( pilot ) ( 1893–1924 ) , World War I flying ace
Oleg Safonov ( b . 1960 ) , Russian politician
Oleksandr Safonov ( b . 1991 ) , Ukrainian football player
Vasily Ilyich Safonov ( 1852–1918 ) , Russian pianist , teacher , conductor and composer
Yevgeni Safonov ( disambiguation ) , several people
Darya Safonova ( b . 1981 ) , Russian sprinter
Elena Safonova ( b . 1956 ) , Soviet and Russian film actor
Anna Safonova ( 1883–1975 ) , maiden name of Anna Timiryova , daughter of Vasily Ilyich Safonov
See also
Safonovo
Russian-language surnames
Bombardment is an attack by artillery fire directed against fortifications . It may also refer to :
Specific bombardments
Bombardment of Alexandria ( 1882 )
Bombardment of Algiers ( disambiguation ) ( several )
Bombardment of Brussels ( 1695 )
Bombardment of Curaçao ( 1942 )
Bombardment of Fort Stevens ( 1942 )
Bombardment of Genoa ( 1684 )
Bombardment of Kagoshima ( 1863 )
Bombardment of Madras ( 1914 )
Bombardment of Papeete ( 1914 )
Bombardment of Punta Sombrero ( 1847 )
Bombardment of Shimonoseki ( 1863/64 )
Bombardment of Tourane ( 1847 )
Bombardment of Tourane ( 1856 )
Other meanings
Kinetic bombardment in space warfare
Naval bombardment
Late Heavy Bombardment , a period in cosmology
Bombardment , a process in the manufacture of neon tubes
A variant of dodgeball
See also
Area bombardment
Bomb
The West Indies cricket team toured India in December 2019 to play three One Day Internationals ( ODIs ) and three Twenty20 International ( T20I ) matches . In November 2019 , the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) swapped the venues for the first and third T20I matches . Ahead of the tour , Chris Gayle confirmed that they would not be playing in the ODIs for the West Indies , after they announced they would be taking a break from cricket .
For the first time in international cricket , the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) announced the use of technology to monitor front-foot no-balls for all matches during the tour . The third umpire called the front-foot no-balls , communicating this with the on-field umpires . It was used as a trial to see if it can be implemented further , without a detriment to the flow of the game .
India won the T20I series 2–1 , winning the third and deciding match by 67 runs . India also won the ODI series 2–1 , after losing the opening match . It was India 's tenth-consecutive win in a bilateral ODI series against the West Indies , going back to May 2006 , when the West Indies beat India 4–1 at home .
Squads
Ahead of the series , Shikhar Dhawan injured their left leg and was replaced by Sanju Samson in India 's T20I squad . Dhawan was later also ruled out of India 's ODI squad , and was replaced by Mayank Agarwal . Bhuvneshwar Kumar was also ruled out of India 's ODI squad due to injury and was replaced by Shardul Thakur . Navdeep Saini was added to India 's squad for the third and final ODI , replacing the injured Deepak Chahar .
During the West Indies ' ODI series against Afghanistan in November 2019 , Nicholas Pooran was found guilty of ball tampering . They were banned for four T20I matches , therefore missing the three T20I matches against Afghanistan and the first T20I against India .
T20I series
1st T20I
2nd T20I
3rd T20I
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2019 in Indian cricket
2019 in West Indian cricket
International cricket competitions in 2019–20
West Indian cricket tours of India
Joshua Arap Sang , born in Kitale , Trans-Nzoia District , Kenya , is the current head of Radio Emoo fm and acting head of radio stations at mediamax ltd in Nairobi , Kenya .
ICC Case
On March 8 , 2011 , they were indicted by the International Criminal Court for five charges of crimes against humanity committed during the 2007–2008 Kenyan crisis . They were alleged to have committed these crimes against PNU supporters .
An ICC Pre-Trial Chamber summoned them to appear before the court on April 7 , 2011 , together with William Ruto and Henry Kiprono Kosgey . The ICC charges against Ruto and Sang were dropped in April 2016 .
See also
John Kituyi
References
Living people
Kenyan journalists
People from Trans-Nzoia County
People indicted by the International Criminal Court
Year of birth missing ( living people )
My New Obsession is the second full-length release by I Voted for Kodos . Unlike the previous album , My New Obsession focused less on ska , and branched to other genres such as pop punk and rock . This effectively alienated them from their entire fanbase , quickly leading to the band 's demise .
Track listing
`` Turn The Radio On ``
`` Never Go Home ''
`` Friday Night Lights Out ''
`` These Scars Wo n't Heal Themselves ''
`` Radio Love Song ''
`` Please Die In A Fire ''
`` You 're My Favorite ``
`` Wishful Thinking In Fourth Period ''
`` Sherrie 's Song ''
`` Three Day 's 'til Rome ''
`` Perfecting The Art Of Persuasion ''
The band also released a Japanese version of the album with three additional songs :
`` Turn It Up ''
`` Good Riddance ''
`` I Wo n't Be Home For Christmas ''
Credits
Rick Bisenius - lead vocals , moog , piano , trombone , alto sax
Lee Gordon – guitar , mellophone , backing vocals
Tyler Christensen – guitar , backing vocals
Ross Gilliland - bass
Troy Riechenberger – drums
2006 albums
I Voted for Kodos albums
Pitatola is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal . It is located in Channa Gavisa and is very near to Kaptad .
Populated places in Bajhang District
Munches may refer to :
Munchies ( film ) , 1987 comedy horror film
Munchies ( snack mix ) , sold by Frito-Lay
Munchies ( confectionery ) , sold by Nestlé
A strong desire for food
In particular , see Effects of cannabis # Appetite
Snack food
The Munchies , a 1980s animated public service announcement from the ABC The Bod Squad series
Munchies , a food website owned by Vice Media
Tester Nunatak is the southernmost of a group of three nunataks in the northern part of the Manning Nunataks , in the east part of Amery Ice Shelf . The nunataks were photographed by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump ( 1946–47 ) and ANARE ( Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions ) ( 1957 ) . They were visited by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1965 and by ANARE in 1969 . Named by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia ( ANCA ) for J. Tester , aircraft engineer with the ANARE Prince Charles Mountains survey party in 1969 .
Nunataks of Mac . Robertson Land
`` Freedom '' is the eleventh episode of the second season of the psychological thriller television series The Following , which premiered on March 31 , 2014 , on Fox . The episode was written by Dewayne Jones and directed by Liz Friedlander .
Summary
At Korban , Joe has a gathering with some Korban followers and asks for a volunteer . A woman , Angela , steps up and Joe reveals a woman , Carla , strapped to a table and instructs Angela to stab Carla , `` sending their home . '' Joe and Emma later discuss Mandy , as Emma feels they are a lost cause . Mandy listens to the conversation from outside of their door .
Robert joins Joe and Emma and questions Joe about why they selected Carla to be killed , also informing them that Korban members are beginning to question Joe because they miss Micah and are aware of Joe 's past . Robert apologizes for bringing the subject up in the first place after Joe calms their nerves . Emma follows Robert back to their room and tries to further ensure they have no doubts . They seduce them throughout the conversation and the two eventually hook up .
Ryan watches a news report showing that a fan club for Joe has begun , not of violence but of admiration . Mike and Ryan research possible cult connections and information on Lily Gray while briefly discussing each other 's personal lives . Meanwhile , Claire continues requesting to see Ryan . They are given a proposition , allowing them to see Ryan on the conditions that their son and mother are moved to an undisclosed location that they will not know unless they return to witness protection .
Two masked men enter a bakery and begin stabbing customers and employees at random before running out the back door . When Ryan and the FBI show up , Ryan notices that no message has been left at the crime scene like previous attacks sent by Joe . Later as a nurse , Terri Burke , is getting into their car , they are stabbed by a woman , Serena . Serena takes Terri 's identification card and clothes to enter the hospital where the victims from the bakery attack are being treated . They drop off a bag into a locker in an employee room . Two men who were stabbed in the attack leave their hospital beds and retrieve the bag , revealing guns inside . Serena goes to see Luke and hands them a phone with Lily on the line . Lily tells Luke to follow all of Serena 's instructions so that they can bring Luke home .
A man , Decklan , wheels their partner on a gurney into the area where Luke is being kept , where they shoot security members dead . Serena leads Luke out of the room and Decklan takes them from there . The FBI shows up before they 're able to escape . Mike checks IDs of a few hospital workers . Serena is in the group and hesitates to show their ID and tries to stab Mike , but is shot dead when they refuse to give information on Lily and again pulls a knife on Mike . Another of Lily 's men is waiting in an ambulance for Decklan to bring Luke to , but the FBI corner the ambulance and shoot the driver dead . Ryan finds Luke and Decklan in a back room and Decklan pulls a gun to Ryan 's head . Ryan escapes and shoots Decklan dead as Luke runs away and escapes through a market .
Carrie shows up at the market to briefly meet up with Ryan . They then goes on air for the story about Lily 's arranged attack and rescue mission , which Joe and Emma watch . Meanwhile , Mandy packs their bag and leaves Korban . They are picked up by a local cop and calls Mark , whose number they got online .
Ryan assures Mike that they will find Lily and Joe and eventually live a normal life . The two return to Ryan 's apartment and there is a knock at the door . Mike sees Claire and runs over to Ryan , saying they can explain everything . The door opens and Ryan stares at Claire in complete shock .
Reception
Critical response
Sonia Saraiya of The A.V . Club rated the episode a C , saying `` I have hit upon the best way to watch The Following : fast-forwarded and on mute . '' Dan Hajducky of Den of Geek gave the episode a mixed review , saying `` 'Freedom ' may serve as a pin to be knocked down by the finale , but everyone knows how boring watching the pins being set up can be . '' Starlee Kine of Vulture gave the episode a more negative review , saying `` The show has gone so far off the rails that next week I 'm pretty sure that Joe and Lily are just going to have their people stab every character to death halfway through and we 'll be watching an empty room for 30 minutes . ''
Ratings
The episode received a 1.4/4 18–49 ratings share and was watched by 4.17 million viewers .
References
External links
`` Freedom '' at TV Guide.com
2014 American television episodes
The Following
Ypsolopha dorsimaculella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae first described by William D. Kearfott in 1907 . It is found throughout North America . In Canada , it is known from British Columbia , Alberta and Saskatchewan . It is known from most of the continental United States . The habitat consists of mixed wood forests , riparian areas and possibly scrubland .
The wingspan is 18.5–19.5 mm . Adults are on wing from June to August . Adults are of a uniform , drab colour .
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
The D-List is the first stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin on Bravo and their third special overall . It was televised and recorded live from the Laugh Factory in Los Angeles , California on on Bravo .
Track listing
Personnel
Technical and production
Tom Bull - supervising producer
Scott Butler - producer
Sandy Chanley - executive producer
Keith Truesdell - producer
Grady Cooper - film editor
Stacy Brewster - production coordinator
John Pritchett - technical director
Visuals and imagery
Cynthia Bachman Brown - makeup department head
Paul Michael - sound re-recording mixer
References
External links
Kathy Griffin 's Official Website
Kathy Griffin albums
Stand-up comedy albums
2004 live albums
Philip Stephen Gray OBE ( 11 March 1923 – 30 November 2012 ) was an English musical administrator , who managed the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra for 23 years .
Career
In 1950 , together with David Cairns , Gray established the Chelsea Opera Group . This was an organisation that produced concert performances of operas rather than staged productions because they were less expensive for the audiences . For their first performance they persuaded Colin Davis , at the time a 22-year-old clarinetist , to conduct a concert performance of Mozart 's Don Giovanni in the Holywell Music Room , Oxford . Gray played in the orchestra , and Cairns sang the role of Leporello .
In 1957 the London Philharmonic Orchestra invited Gray to leave their career at the Bank of England to assist with managing its finances . Two years later Gray joined the Philharmonia Orchestra as an administrator . In 1964 they moved to Liverpool to become the manager of the Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra , a post they held until their retirement in 1987 . During this time , the orchestra had five principal conductors , Sir Charles Groves ( until 1977 ) , Walter Weller ( 1977–80 ) , David Atherton ( 1980–83 ) , Marek Janowski ( 1983–87 ) , and Libor Pešek ( 1987–97 ) . Together with Sir Charles , Gray organised an annual conductors ' seminar , in which young potential conductors worked with the orchestra for a fortnight . In 1972 Gray noticed the potential of Simon Rattle when , at the age of 17 , they conducted the Merseyside Youth Orchestra in a performance of The Rite of Spring . Gray appointed Rattle as an associate conductor of the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra in 1977 . When Gray retired in 1987 , a concert was organised in which each of the five principal conductors , and Simon Rattle , took part . Following their retirement , Gray remained active , helping to the rescue the Bluecoat Society of Arts , who were based in the Bluecoat Chambers in Liverpool , from closure .
Personal life
Stephen Gray was born in Guildford , Surrey , England , and was the son of an Anglican clergyman . They were educated at Rugby School , where they took an active part in the school orchestra . After leaving school they worked at Bletchley Park , but they never disclosed what they did there . They studied classics at Trinity College , Oxford , then joined the Bank of England as a trainee . Gray married Frances , a member of the chorus of the Chelsea Opera Group , in 1953 . Together they had a son and a daughter . Gray was appointed OBE in 1987 .
References
1923 births
2012 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College , Oxford
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Bletchley Park people
People educated at Rugby School
The 1970 NBA draft was the 24th annual draft of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . The draft was held on March 23 , 1970 , before the 1970–71 season . In this draft , 17 NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players , including international players . A player who had finished their four-year college eligibility was eligible for selection . If a player left college early , they would not be eligible for selection until their college class graduated . The first two picks in the draft belonged to the teams that finished last in each division , with the order determined by a coin flip . The Detroit Pistons won the coin flip and were awarded the first overall pick , while the San Diego Rockets were awarded the second pick . The remaining first-round picks and the subsequent rounds were assigned to teams in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season . Three expansion franchises , the Buffalo Braves , the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Portland Trail Blazers , took part in the NBA Draft for the first time and were assigned the seventh , the eighth and the ninth pick in each round . In the first round , the Cavaliers had the seventh pick , while the Blazers and the Braves had the eighth and the ninth pick respectively . In the subsequent rounds , the Cavaliers and the Braves exchanged their order of selection , while the Blazers had the eighth pick throughout the draft . The draft consisted of 19 rounds comprising the selection of 239 players ; it holds the record for the most prospects selected in any NBA draft .
Draft selections and draftee career notes
Bob Lanier from St. Bonaventure University was selected first overall by the Detroit Pistons . Rudy Tomjanovich from the University of Michigan and Pete Maravich from Louisiana State University were selected second and third respectively . Fourth pick Dave Cowens from Florida State University and eighth pick Geoff Petrie from Princeton University went on to be named as joint winners of the Rookie of the Year Award in their first season . Six players from this draft , Lanier , Maravich , Cowens , 18th pick Calvin Murphy , 19th pick Nate Archibald and 122nd pick Dan Issel , have been inducted to the Basketball Hall of Fame . Maravich , Cowens and Archibald were also named to the list of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History announced at the league 's 50th anniversary in 1996 . Maravich had four All-NBA Team selections and five All-Star Game selections . Cowens won two NBA championships with the Boston Celtics in 1974 and 1976 , one Most Valuable Player Award in 1973 , and had three All-NBA Team selections and seven All-Star Game selections . Archibald won one NBA championship with the Celtics in 1981 and had five All-NBA Team selections and six All-Star Game selections . Lanier and Murphy were selected to eight and one All-Star Games respectively . Dan Issel initially opted to play in the American Basketball Association ( ABA ) with the Kentucky Colonels . They played six seasons in the ABA before finally joining the NBA with the Denver Nuggets when both leagues merged . They were selected to five All-ABA Teams , six ABA All-Star Games and one NBA All-Star Game .
Randy Smith , who was selected by the Detroit Pistons with the 205th pick , did not enter the league until the 1971–72 season , after they were drafted again in the 1971 Draft by the Buffalo Braves with the 104th pick . They were selected to both the All-NBA Team and the All-Star Game . Tomjanovich was selected to five All-Star Games during their career . Charlie Scott , the 106th pick , initially opted to play in the ABA with the Virginia Squires before joining the NBA in 1972 . They were selected to two All-ABA Teams , two ABA All-Star Games and three NBA All-Star Games . Three other players from this draft , fifth pick Sam Lacey , seventh pick John Johnson and eighth pick Geoff Petrie , was also selected to at least one All-Star Game . The Rockets ' first and second round picks , Tomjanovich and Murphy spent all of their playing career with the Rockets . Tomjanovich played 11 seasons while Murphy played 13 seasons with the Rockets .
Lanier , Tomjanovich , Cowens and Issel all became head coaches after ending their playing career . Lanier was the interim head coach of the Golden State Warriors in the 1995 . Tomjanovich coached two NBA teams , the Houston Rockets and the Los Angeles Lakers . They coached the Rockets for 12 seasons , leading them to the NBA championship twice in 1994 and 1995 . They also coached the United States national basketball team to a gold medal at the 2000 Olympic Games . Cowens started their coaching career as a player-coach with the Celtics during the 1978–79 season , before returning to a full-time player in the next season . They later coached two more NBA teams , most recently with the Golden State Warriors . Issel coached the Denver Nuggets for six seasons in two separate three-year stints . Two other players drafted also went on to have coaching careers in the NBA : 40th pick Gar Heard and 125th pick George Irvine .
The 1970 draft class is considered to be one of the best in NBA history as it produced six Hall of Famers and twelve All-Stars from those draftees who played in the NBA . Three of the first four picks were inducted to the Hall of Fame and seven of the first eight picks became All-Stars . The 1970 Draft is also known as the first draft where international players who had never played U.S. high school and college basketball were selected . In the 10th and 11th round , the Atlanta Hawks drafted Mexican Manuel Raga and Italian Dino Meneghin ; both were playing in the Italian league at the time . They became the first two international players drafted to the NBA . However , neither of them ever played in the league as the Hawks did not have US $ 35,000 to buy out either of their contracts with their teams . Meneghin , who played 28 seasons in Italy , has been inducted by the International Basketball Federation ( FIBA ) to the FIBA Hall of Fame and also to the Basketball Hall of Fame . Raga has also been inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame .
Key
Draft
Other picks
The following list includes other draft picks who have appeared in at least one NBA game .
Trades
On February 2 , 1970 , the Atlanta Hawks acquired a first-round pick and future consideration ( the Hawks acquired Clyde Lee on October 4 , 1974 ) from the San Francisco Warriors in exchange for Zelmo Beaty . The Hawks used the pick to draft Pete Maravich .
On the draft-day , the Baltimore Bullets acquired the Buffalo Braves ' first-round pick from the Braves in exchange for Mike Davis and the Bullets ' first-round pick . The Bullets used the pick to draft George E. Johnson while the Braves used the pick to draft John Hummer .
On December 25 , 1969 , the Cincinnati Royals acquired a second-round pick from the San Francisco Warriors in exchange for Adrian Smith . The Royals used the pick to draft Nate Archibald .
On November 1 , 1969 , the Seattle SuperSonics acquired a second-round pick from the Detroit Pistons in exchange for Erwin Mueller . The Sonics used the pick to select Jake Ford .
On September 13 , 1969 , the Phoenix Suns acquired a second-round pick from the Philadelphia 76ers in exchange for Bill Melchionni . The Suns used the pick to draft Joe DePre .
On February 1 , 1970 , the Detroit Pistons acquired Bob Quick and a second-round pick from the Bullets in exchange for Eddie Miles and a fourth-round pick . The Pistons used the pick to draft Ken Warzynski . The Bullets used the pick to select Bill Stricker .
Notable undrafted players
References
General
Specific
External links
NBA.com
NBA.com : NBA Draft History
Draft
National Basketball Association draft
National Basketball Association lists
Galland is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Adolf Galland ( 1912–1996 ) , German air general during World War II
Antoine Galland ( 1646–1715 ) , French orientalist and archeologist ; first European translator of The Arabian Nights
Antoine Galland ( 1763–1851 ) , publisher and printer during the French Revolution and First Empire
Bertha Galland ( 1876–1932 ) , American stage actor
Edward Galland , triplet profiled in the 2018 documentary film Three Identical Strangers
Jean Galland ( 1887–1967 ) , French film actor
Bruno Galland ( born 1964 ) , French medievalist
Jérémie Galland ( born 1983 ) , French cyclist
Jordan Galland , American entertainer
Pierre-Victor Galland ( 1822–1892 ) , French decorative painter
Stéphane Galland ( born 1969 ) , Belgian drummer
Wilhelm-Ferdinand Galland ( 1914–1943 ) , German World War II fighter pilot
Yves Galland ( born 1941 ) , French politician and entrepreneur
Fictional
Adolfine Galland , fictional character in the anime/manga Strike Witches
See also
Groupe Galland , Canadian bus operator
Lakshan Jayasinghe ( born 27 May 1995 ) is a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer . They were part of Sri Lanka 's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup .
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
People from Colombo District
Volcano is a ghost town in Wood County , West Virginia . It burned to the ground in 1879 and was never rebuilt . It was a petroleum town . Gas flares at night made the skyline appear like a volcano , hence the name . Its Post Office no longer exists .
The Volcano oil field was discovered in 1860 , according to the West Virginia Geological and Economic Survey ( WVGES ) , `` and from 1865 to 1870 , drilling was very active , producing from the Salt sand at a depth of about 360 feet . The heavy lubricants produced led to the development of West Virginia 's first oil pipeline , from Volcano to Parkersburg , in 1879 . ''
In 1874 , W.C. Stiles , Jr. , employed the endless-wire method of pumping many wells from a central engine , `` a technique they invented , '' according to the WVGES . `` Using wheels , belts , and cables , perhaps as many as 40 wells could be pumped by one engine . One of the systems operated until 1974 . ''
The Volcano town-site is located south of the US-50 expressway at the junction of Wood County Routes 5 and 28 .
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Former populated places in West Virginia
Hutt River is a river in the Mid West region of Western Australia .
The river rises east of the North West Coastal Highway , between the towns of Northampton and Binnu . It flows in a westerly direction until reaching Broken Anchor Bay on the Indian Ocean south-east of Port Gregory . The main tributary for the Hutt River is Kennedy Creek . Others are Yarder Gully and Swamp Gully , which are important contributors of fresh water to the river .
Under normal flow , the Hutt River runs to the north for less than before breaking through the final dune and flowing to the sea . Under heavy flow it breaks straight through .
Hutt Lagoon , north of the river mouth , is a marginal marine salina . Similar to Lake MacLeod , north of Carnarvon , Hutt Lagoon is fed by marine waters through a barrier ridge and by meteoric waters through springs . Due to the salina 's below sea-level position , seepage of seawater into the salina is continuous year round .
History
The first European to discover the river was probably Francisco Pelsaert , who hove to in Broken Anchor Bay at the mouth of the Hutt River on 9 June 1629 , following the sinking of on the Houtman Abrolhos . They probably returned to the mouth of the Hutt River in on 16 November 1629 . Their crew explored the area , and two mutineers , Wouter Loos and Jan Pelgrom de Bye , appear to have been abandoned here , becoming Australia 's first European residents .
The first British explorer to encounter Hutt River was Lieutenant George Grey on 5 April 1839 , naming the river after their friend William Hutt . Hutt was a British Liberal politician who was heavily involved in the colonization of Western Australia , New Zealand and South Australia , and the brother of John Hutt , the second Governor of Western Australia . Hutt was for a time chairperson of the Western Australian Land Company . The next day , Grey named the nearby Bowes River after Hutt 's wife , Mary Bowes .
The Principality of Hutt River was a micronation located midway along the river . The Principality covered an area of and claimed to be an independent sovereign state that seceded from Australia in 1970 as a result of a dispute over wheat production quotas . It was not recognised by Australian state or federal governments , or any other country . It dissolved in August 2020 .
References
Rivers of the Mid West region
Sir John Lewis ( born 1580 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1604 to 1611 .
Lewis was the son of James ap Lewis of Abernant-bychan . They were admitted at Jesus College , Oxford on 22 April 1598 , aged 17 , and entered the Inner Temple in November 1598 . They were knighted on 29 June 1604 .
In 1604 , they were elected Member of Parliament for Cardiganshire . They were High Sheriff of Cardiganshire in 1609 and again in 1633 . They became possessed of Coedmawr ( Coedmor ) .
Lewis died in 1643 or in about 1656 .
Lewis married Bridget Pryse , the eldest daughter of Sir Richard Pryse of Gogerddan .
References
1580 births
Year of death missing
Members of the Parliament of England ( pre-1707 ) for constituencies in Wales
Alumni of Jesus College , Oxford
High Sheriffs of Cardiganshire
Members of the Inner Temple
17th-century Welsh politicians
English MPs 1604–1611
Moșteni is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of a single village , Moșteni .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Frederick Charles Albert `` Old Wag '' Waghorne Sr. ( October 16 , 1865 – June 19 , 1956 ) was an ice hockey referee and organizer in Canada . They also made significant contributions to lacrosse in that country . They are a member of both the Hockey Hall of Fame and the Canadian Lacrosse Hall of Fame in the `` Builder '' category .
League organization
Waghorne was born in Tunbridge Wells , England and then moved to Canada . While mainly interested in rugby as a youth , they became interested in lacrosse and ice hockey and eventually started the Toronto Lacrosse Hockey League . This league started out fielding lacrosse teams in the summer and hockey teams in the winter , but as the popularity of hockey grew the league became simply the Toronto Hockey League .
When the Toronto Hockey League disbanded , Waghorne continued to work to provide opportunities for hockey players at all levels . In 1911 , they formed the Beaches Hockey League which eventually became the Greater Toronto Hockey League , the largest minor league hockey organization in the world .
Officiating
Waghorne is best known for their prolific career as a referee . They are known to have officiated 2,400 hockey games and 1,500 lacrosse matches . Many of the decisions they made on the ice rink became long-term rules in both amateur and professional ice hockey . Waghorne is credited with several changes and innovations to ice hockey rules , such as :
The use of a whistle instead of the customary cow bell to stop play when fans started bringing their own cowbells to disrupt game play .
The acceptance of professional referees in amateur hockey games .
The practice of dropping the puck from a few feet up at faceoff rather than placing it directly on the ice , which limited player contact with the referee 's shins and ankles during faceoffs .
The ruling that if a half of a broken hockey puck entered the net , no goal was counted - a rule that led to the development of one-piece pucks .
Honors
Waghorne was involved with ice hockey and lacrosse until their death in 1956 at the age of 90 . They were elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1961 , and to the Canadian Lacrosse Hall of Fame in 1965 .
References
External links
Hockey Hall of Fame inductees
People from Royal Tunbridge Wells
Canadian ice hockey officials
1865 births
1956 deaths
Girey ( ) is an urban locality ( an urban-type settlement ) in Gulkevichsky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia . Population :
References
Urban-type settlements in Krasnodar Krai
Wilhelm Albert Rischbieter ( 20 July 1834 – 11 February 1910 ) was a German violinist , music educator , composer and docent at the royal Hochschule für Musik Carl Maria von Weber Dresden .
Life
Born in Braunschweig , Rischbieter was a student of the composer and violinist Moritz Hauptmann at the Leipzig conservatory . From 1862 to 1900 , they taught violin , harmony and counterpoint at the conservatory in Dresden . Notable students from their time there include the Dresden choral conductor and composer Hugo Richard Jüngst and Hermann Vetter , who later became a professor at the same institute . in the Biographisches Lexikon der Oberlausitz . Rischbieter published numerous essays on music theory written during their years as a music educator . Several articles by them were published by the Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung und die Neue Zeitschrift für Musik .
Rischbieter died in Dresden aged 75 .
Work
Drei theoretische Abhandlungen über Modulation , Quartsextaccord und Orgelpunkt . F. Ries , Dresden 1879 , .
Die verdeckten Quinten . Eine theoretische Abhandlung . Hildburghausen , 1882 , .
Erläuterungen und Aufgaben zum Studium des Kontrapunkts . Ries & Erler , Berlin 1885 , .
Die Gesetzmässigkeit in der Harmonik . A. Coppenrath , Regensburg 1888 , .
Ganze und halbe Tonstufen . ( Königliches Conservatorium für Musik und Theater . ; Bericht des Conservatoriums für Musik und Theater zu Dresden . ) Warnatz & Lehmann , Dresden 1897 , .
Der Harmonieschüler . Ries & Erler , Berlin 1903 , .
Erläuterungen und Beispiele für Harmonieschüler . Ries & Erler , Berlin 1903 , .
References
External links
Composer : Wilhelm Albert Rischbieter ( 1834–1910 ) on lieder.net ( Works selection , englisch )
German classical violinists
German composers
German music educators
1834 births
1910 deaths
Musicians from Braunschweig
Grandy is an unincorporated community in Cambridge Township , Isanti County , Minnesota , United States .
Grandy is located north of the city of Cambridge at the junction of State Highway 65 ( MN 65 ) and Isanti County Road 6 .
Stanchfield and Braham are nearby . ZIP codes 55029 ( Grandy ) , 55008 ( Cambridge ) , and 55080 ( Stanchfield ) all meet near Grandy .
A post office called Grandy has been in operation since 1899 . Grandy was a station on the Great Northern Railroad .
Infrastructure
Transportation
MN 65
Isanti County Road 6
References
Rand McNally Road Atlas – 2007 edition – Minnesota entry
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County , Minnesota
The 18th Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington , District of Columbia on May 26 , 1942 , by the E.W . Scripps Company . There was no National Spelling Bee after this competition until 1946 due to World War II .
The winner was 11-year-old Richard Earnhart of El Paso , Texas , correctly spelling the word sacrilegious . Second place went to 15-year-old Margaret Montgomery of Iowa , followed by Hazel M. LaPrade of Massachusetts , who misspelled `` paucity '' .
Earnhart was the first 11-year-old to win the bee since Frank Neuhauser won the 1st bee in 1925 .
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1942 in Washington , D.C .
1942 in education
May 1942 events
The Lord Chancellor 's Advisory Committee on Legal Education and Conduct ( ACLEC ) was an advisory board established by the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 and tasked with assisting in `` the maintenance and development of standards in the education , training and conduct of those offering legal services '' . It was broken up in 1999 , and replaced by the Legal Services Consultative Panel .
History
ACLEC was established by Section 19 of Part II of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 after being proposed in the Green Paper The Work and Organisation of the Legal Profession . The body officially came into existence in April 1991 , and undertook its first major task in 1992 when it began reviewing the state of legal education in England and Wales . After two consultation papers in 1994 it published a pair of full reports in 1995 , titled Access to and participation in undergraduate legal education and Funding legal education . The Committee issued two more reports - First report on legal education and training in 1996 and Continuing professional development for solicitors and barristers
In 1999 ACLEC was abolished by Statutory Instrument 1999/3296 ( The Lord Chancellor 's Advisory Committee on Legal Education and Conduct ( Provisions on Abolition ) Order 1999 ) and replaced by the Legal Services Consultative Panel , an organisation within the Lord Chancellor 's Department .
Structure
The Committee consisted of a chairperson ( who must be a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary , Lord Justice of Appeal or a High Court judge ) and sixteen other members , all appointed by the Lord Chancellor . The first chairperson appointed was Lord Griffiths , a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary . The sixteen other members were divided so that one was a Circuit Judge or former Circuit Judge , two were practising barristers , two were practising solicitors , two were law teachers or lecturers and nine were `` lay members '' , which is defined as any person other than a judge , practising barrister , practising solicitor or law teacher .
Section 19 of the Courts and Legal Services Act amended the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 to indicate that no Member of Parliament can be a member of the Advisory Committee . Committee members served for five years , and provisions were made for them to be paid and for them to maintain a staff , all of which was paid for from the Lord Chancellor 's budget . The Committee was required to produce an annual report , which the Lord Chancellor presented to both the House of Lords and the House of Commons .
Remit
ACLEC was tasked with assisting in `` the maintenance and development of standards in the education , training and conduct of those offering legal services '' . The Committee reviewed the practical and academic education and training required and possessed by those providing legal services , and was expected to pay particular attention to the way legal services were provided for those with `` special difficulties '' , such as those who are developmentally disabled .
References
Bibliography
Legal organisations based in England and Wales
Johan Hye-Knudsen ( 24 May 1896 in Nyborg – 28 September 1975 ) was a Danish conductor .
1896 births
1975 deaths
Danish conductors ( music )
Male conductors ( music )
20th-century conductors ( music )
20th-century Danish male musicians
People from Nyborg
Sodian Gujar railway station ( ) is located in Punjab , Pakistan .
See also
List of railway stations in Pakistan
Pakistan Railways
References
External links
Official Web Site of Pakistan Railways
Railway stations in Jhelum District
Railway stations on Dandot Light Railway Line
Dick Parsons may refer to :
Dick Parsons ( British Army officer ) ( 1910–1998 ) , British Army officer and marksman
Dick Parsons ( coach ) ( born 1938 ) , American college baseball and basketball coach
Richard Parsons ( business person ) ( born 1948 ) , American business executive
Wolfgang Butzkamm ( born 11 November 1938 ) is Professor Emeritus of English as a foreign language at Aachen University , Germany . They are credited with the development of a principled and systematic approach to the role of the mother tongue in foreign language teaching which radically differs from a target-language-only philosophy prevailing in many countries . For him , traditional monolingualism is an instance of a more general naturalistic fallacy which is committed when foreign language teaching is modelled after the natural acquisition of a first language ( L1 ) , as in the direct method ( education ) which was also called the natural method .
Life
Butzkamm is an applied linguist . They were born in 1938 and was educated at the universities of Marburg , Münster , Dortmund , and Appleton ( Wis. ) . They began their career as an innovative teacher of English , German and French as foreign languages , and was appointed to the Chair of English Language Teaching in Aachen in 1973 .
Enlightened monolingualism and the principle of dual comprehension
Butzkamm was inspired by C. J. Dodson 's language teaching and the bilingual method when they pioneered their “ aufgeklärte Einsprachigkeit ” ( enlightened or informed monolingualism ) in 1973 , which in Germany has become almost a stock phrase . Since languages are learned from use , the foreign language is by itself the primary means of acquiring it and must accordingly be made the working language of the classroom . This is however best achieved by systematic mother tongue support . While the implicit activation of mother tongue skills is initially inevitable , explicit systematic mother tongue support is desirable because it promotes positive language transfer .
( 1 ) Bilingual meaning conveyance is safe , effective and practical when the sandwich technique is used
French teacher of English : “ What 's the matter ? Qu ' y a-t-il ? What 's the matter ” ?
German teacher of English : “ You 've skipped a line . Du hast eine Zeile übersprungen . You 've skipped a line . ”
This technique of sandwiching the translation of an unknown expression can be carried out very discreetly in the tone of an aside , as a kind of whispered interpreting . It should be a central technique as it is the quickest way to make authentic classroom communication possible : statement in L2 , restatement in L1 and again in L2 ; L2 = > L1= > L2 .
( 2 ) Sometimes , a combination of idiomatic and didactic literal translation which Butzkamm calls `` mirroring ” can be highly effective , as it clarifies both what is meant and how it is said :
The necessity , even inevitability of this kind of mother tongue support is more obvious when the target language is typologically remote and genetically unrelated to the native language :
Es gibt zu viele ( German )
= There are too many ( clarifies the meaning )
= * It gives too many ( renders the structure transparent )
Quand je serai grand ( French )
= When I 'm big ( clarifies the meaning )
= * When I will-be big ( renders the structure transparent )
Shànghǎi bǐ Běijīng dà ( Mandarin )
= Shanghai is bigger than Beijing ( clarifies the meaning )
= * Shanghai bǐ ( =than ) Beijing big ( renders the structure transparent )
Although not all constructions can be mirrored quite so comfortably , for Butzkamm this dual comprehension ( functional understanding / decoding plus structural understanding / codebreaking ) is the most important single factor in language acquisition . Only this kind of double understanding enables the learner to create and risk numerous sentences of their own , making , in Humboldt 's words , “ infinite use of finite means ” ( the generative principle ) :
Es gibt zu viele Kinder . There are too many children .
Es gibt zu wenige Lehrer . There are too few teachers .
Es gibt Politiker , die… There are politicians who…
Gibt es Philosophen , die… ? Are there philosophers who… ?
Teachers must teach in ways so that the sentences learners hear or read become syntactical germ-cells and models for many more sentences .
Idiomatic translation and mother tongue mirroring combined provide immediate access to a complete meaning of foreign language constructions , often making further explanations superfluous . By contrast , the currently accepted approach seems to see the mother tongue as an intruder only , and a persistent temptation for pupils and ( tired ) teachers to fall back on , more of a hindrance than a help . The advice commonly given is to use it as little as possible , as a last resort in meaning-conveyance or for grammatical explanations ( which themselves must be kept to a minimum ) .
This , according to Butzkamm , is a colossal mistake , and besides , definitely Eurocentric . While acknowledging that the indiscriminate and haphazard use of the mother tongue is all too frequent and must be avoided , Butzkamm insists that we have to re-define the role of the native language as the major resource in foreign language learning and teaching . As children grow into their mother tongue ( 1 ) they have learnt to conceptualize their world and have fully grasped the symbolic function of language ; ( 2 ) they have learnt to communicate ; ( 3 ) they have learnt to speak and use their voice ; ( 4 ) they have acquired an intuitive understanding of grammar and have become aware of many of the finer points of language ; ( 5 ) they have acquired the secondary skills of reading and writing . The mother tongue is therefore the greatest asset people bring to the task of foreign language learning . It provides an indispensable Language Acquisition Support System - a term used by Jerome Bruner in the context of first language acquisition - which makes instruction possible in the first place .
Successful learners capitalise on the vast amount of both linguistic skills and world knowledge they have already accumulated via the mother tongue . For the most part , they need not reconceptualise their world in the new language . The path breaking power of L1 grammar is not dependent on the fact that both languages share similar grammatical features . It is because all languages have evolved means of expressing abstract ideas such as possession , number , agent , instrument , negation , cause , condition , obligation etc. , no matter how they do this , that one natural language is enough to open the door for the grammars of other languages . In a deep sense , we only learn language once .
That is why , according to Butzkamm , the monolingual orthodoxy , with or without small concessions , can not be supported in any respect . The target-language-only credo must be overturned and foreign language teaching methodology stood on its feet again . Butzkamm and Caldwell 's ( 2009 ) call for a paradigm shift is in line with Hall and Cook 's conclusion in their state-of-the-art article ( 2012 , 299 ) that “ the way is open for a major paradigm shift in language teaching and learning ” . However , in Butzkamm 's “ informed monolingualism ” , not a single monolingual technique , simple or sophisticated , is thrown out . Bilingual techniques are clearly intended to enrich existing methodologies , and not to impoverish them . Teachers will have to decide which technique will serve their purpose best in a given situation . To sum it up in one maxim : Teach English through English – but with the help of the mother tongue .
References
Butzkamm , W. ( 1973/1978 ) , Aufgeklärte Einsprachigkeit . Zur Entdogmatisierung der Methode im Fremdsprachenunterricht . ( Enlightened monolingualism . Taking the dogma out of foreign language methodology ) Heidelberg : Quelle & Meyer .
Butzkamm , W. ( 1989 / 2002 ) , Psycholinguistik des Fremdsprachenunterrichts : Von der Muttersprache zur Fremdsprache . ( The psycholinguistics of foreign language teaching . From mother tongue to foreign language ) Tübingen/Basel : Francke .
Butzkamm , W. ( 1998 ) , `` Code-Switching in a Bilingual History Lesson : The Mother Tongue as a Conversational Lubricant '' . In : International Journal of Bilingual Education and Bilingualism 1:2 , 81-99 .
Butzkamm , W. ( 2000 ) , „ Generative principle '' . In : Michael Byram ( ed . ) , Routledge Encyclopedia of Language Teaching and Learning , London and New York : Routledge , 232-234 .
Butzkamm , W. ( 2000 ) , “ Monolingual Principle ” . In : Michael Byram ( eds . ) , Routledge Encyclopedia of Language Teaching and Learning . London and New York : Routledge,415-417 .
Butzkamm , W. ( 2003 ) , `` We only learn language once : The role of the mother tongue in FL classrooms - death of a dogma '' . In : Language Learning Journal , 28 : 29-39 .
Butzkamm , W. ( 2004 ) , Lust zum Lehren , Lust zum Lernen : Eine neue Methodik für den Fremdsprachenunterricht . ( Teaching and learning foreign languages with pleasure . A new approach ) Tübingen/Basel : Francke . ( 2nd , improved ed . 2007 )
Butzkamm , W. & Caldwell , John A.W . ( 2009 ) , The Bilingual Reform : A Paradigm Shift in Foreign Language Teaching . Tübingen : Narr .
Butzkamm , W. & Dodson , C.J . ( 1980 ) , “ The Teaching of Communication : From Theory to Practice. “ In : International Review of Applied Linguistics in Language Teaching 13:4 , 289-309 .
Dodson , C.J . ( 1967/1972 ) , Language Teaching and the Bilingual Method . London : Pitman .
Hall , G. & Cook , G. ( 2012 ) , `` Own-language use in language teaching and learning : the state of the art . '' In : Language Teaching 45.3 , 271 - 308 .
External links
Wolfgang Butzkamm 's website
Wikiblia
1938 births
German educational theorists
20th-century educational theorists
Linguists from Germany
Living people
Rebelión de los Juniors ( Spanish for `` The Junior Rebellion '' ) is a major professional wrestling show held by the Mexican Lucha Libre promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group ( IWRG ) annually since its creation in 2011 . The focal point of the show is always a multi-man elimination match either for the IWRG Junior de Juniors Championship or for the rights to challenge the championship at a later date . All participants in the main event match are supposed to be at least a second-generation wrestler . The Junior de Juniors Championship was won by Trauma I on the 2011 Rebelión de los Juniors show , all other shows have been for the # 1 Contendership . IWRG has not announced a date for the 2016 Rebelión de los Juniors show yet .
Event history
It has been a long-standing tradition in Lucha libre that family follows in the footstep of wrestlers , with a multitude of second-generation and in some instances third-generation wrestlers active in the ring today . It is not uncommon for sons to take the ring name of their father , or a variation there of , such as the son of Santo wrestling as El Hijo del Santo , literally `` The Son of Santo '' , or Perro Aguayo Jr. , taking the ring name of their father Perro Aguayo . With a large number of Mexican wrestlers starting out as masked wrestlers where their real name and true background is not revealed it has allowed for a number of wrestlers to claim to be sons of famous wrestlers when they in actuality paid for the rights to use the name , such as Cien Caras Jr. and El Hijo de Cien Caras not being related to Cien Caras but instead paid for the privileges . Normally the `` kayfabe '' or storyline relationship is promoted as real until a wrestler is unmasked . With family playing such an important part of lucha libre the Mexican professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group ( IWRG ) that they hold several major events each year that plays off that family connection . IWRG regularly holds `` family tournaments '' such as Legado Final ( `` Final Legacy '' ) or Guerra de Familias ( `` War of the Families '' ) .
Starting in 2011 IWRG has also regularly promoted a show called Rebelión de los Juniors ( `` The Junior Rebellion '' ) , focusing specifically on second and third-generation wrestlers and normally tied to the IWRG Junior de Juniors Championship , with the main event either being for the championship or for the rights to challenge for the championship . IWRG has held a Rebelión de los Juniors five years in a row , with no specific date announced for a 2016 Rebelión de los Juniors show . A total of 87 wrestlers have participated in the five shows from 2011 through 2015 with Eterno and Golden Magic being the only wrestlers to have worked all shows so far . Golden Magic , Trauma I and Apolo Estrada Jr. have all wrestled in three Rebelión de los Juniors main events .
Dates , venues , and main events
Footnotes
References
End of Summer is a 1977 Australian television film directed by Oscar Whitbread and written by Cliff Green .
With a story concerning rural depression and a family leaving their farm , it was adapted from Green 's earlier screenplay Moving On for the Commonwealth Film Unit .
The cast includes Tony Bonner , Rosalind Speirs , John Nash , Syd Conabere and Ivor Bowyer .
It was first broadcast as part of the ABC 's Stuart Wagstaff 's World Playhouse series .
End of Summer received the 1978 Sammy Award for Best TV Play .
References
Australian television films
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
The common newtonia ( Newtonia brunneicauda ) is a species of bird in the family Vangidae . It is endemic to Madagascar .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
It is a small bird with greyish-brown upper parts , tannish-white underparts , a black bill and golden-yellow eyes .
Taxonomy and systematics
There are two subspecies of the common newtonia :
Newtonia brunneicauda brunneicauda , Newton 1863- It is found in forested regions throughout Madagascar . Newtonia brunneicauda inornata is considered to be a synonym .
Newtonia brunneicauda monticola , Salomonsen 1934- It is found in the Ankaratra mountains of central Madagascar .
Description
It is a small , short-winged , warbler like bird with relatively long legs . It is 12 cm in length and weighs 7–14.5 g , with a wing length of 54.5 mm . Sexes look similar to each other . It has grayish brown upperparts and is pale warm buff in colour under . The nominate species has a cold grayish brown head and upperparts , with the sides of head and neck being a lighter grayish-brown . Its tail is also grayish brown , with off-white undertail coverts . They also have very pale yellow irises with a slender , short , and black bill . The lining of the mouth is yellow . Its tarsi are pale pinkish to grayish brown .
Juveniles look similar to adults , but have browner upperparts , with rufous-brown tips on greater wing coverts and a ginger tinge on their tertials . Irises are darker than in adults .
Ecology and behaviour
Diet
It is insectivorous .
Distribution and habitat
The species is found throughout Madagascar , from sea level up until an elevation of 2,300 m. It is found through a variety of forests and wooded habitats , but is mostly restricted to native forest .
References
common newtonia
common newtonia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This is a timeline of the Era of Fragmentation , the period of Tibetan history lasting from the death of the Tibetan Empire 's last emperor , Langdarma , in 842 until Drogön Chögyal Phagpa gained control over the three provinces of Tibet in 1253 under Mongol rule .
9th century
10th century
11th century
12th century
13th century
References
Bibliography
.
( alk . paper )
( paperback ) .
.
Former monarchies of Asia
.
History of Asia
Timelines of historically non-Chinese states in China
Isotenes miserana ( orange fruit borer ) is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in the Northern Territory , Queensland , New South Wales and Victoria . This species has been introduced to New Zealand .
The wingspan is about 20 mm .
The larvae are considered a pest for flowers and fruit of a wide variety of agricultural plants and fruit trees , including Citrus sinensis , Persea americana , Macadamia integrifolia , Litchi chinensis , Vitis vinifera and Morus species .
References
Moths described in 1863
Moths of Australia
Archipini
Anil Sunkara is an Indian film producer , writer , and director who works in Telugu film industry . They are popularly known for producing award-winning movie Dookudu .
Anil Sunkara has produced Telugu movies named Namo Venkatesa , 1 : Nenokkadine , Legend , Aagadu , Krishna Gaadi Veera Prema Gaadha , Hyper , LIE under 14 Reels Entertainment Banner and Bindaas , Aha Naa Pellanta , Action 3D , Ja es Bond , Run , Eedo Rakam Aado Rakam , Eedu Gold Ehe , Kittu Unnadu Jagratha , Andhhagadu , Kirrak Party , Rajugadu , Sita , Chanakya under AK Entertainments Banner . In 2013 , they directed the movie Action 3D . Upcoming Projects Includes Mahasamudram and a Bio-Pic of APJ Abdul Kalam . They are also the CEO of Advansoft International Inc .
Filmography
As Producer
As director
Action 3D ( 2013 )
Awards
CineMAA Awards in Best Film category for the film in Dookudu ( 2011 ) 2012 .
Filmfare Award for Best Film – Telugu for the film Dookudu ( 2011 ) in 2012 .
SIIMA Award for Best Film - Telugu for the film Dookudu ( 2011 ) in 2012 .
Times of India Film Awards in the Best Film category for the film Dookudu ( 2011 ) in 2012 .
Nandi Award for Best Popular Feature Film for the film Dookudu ( 2011 ) in 2013 .
National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu for the film Chandamama Kathalu ( 2014 ) in 2015
See also
Tollywood
SIIMA Award for Best Film
Filmfare Award for Best Film – Telugu
National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu
References
External links
Telugu film producers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Lisbon is an unincorporated community in Harmony Township , Clark County , Ohio , USA .
History
Lisbon was laid out in 1815 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Clark County , Ohio
1815 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1815
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The Monte Catria is a mountain in the central Apennines , in the province of Pesaro e Urbino , Marche , central Italy . The highest peak is at above sea level .
It is a massif of limestone rocks dating to some 200 million years ago .
Historically , it marked the boundary between the Exarchate of Ravenna and the Duchy of Spoleto
The source of the Cesano river is located nearby .
Mountains of Marche
Mountains of the Apennines
Street Fighter Alpha Anthology , released in Japan as Street Fighter Zero : Fighters Generation , is a 2006 fighting game compilation that collects the Street Fighter Alpha series . The game also includes a remixed version of the console-exclusive Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold and Super Gem Fighter Mini Mix ( previously released on the PlayStation as Pocket Fighter ) , as well as two secret games .
Main games
Street Fighter Alpha : Warriors ' Dreams
Street Fighter Alpha 2
Street Fighter Alpha 3
Additional games
Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold
is a remixed version that combines elements from the previous console version and the Japanese arcade release Street Fighter Zero 2 Alpha . The version of Alpha 2 Gold allows the player to select Cammy in all the game modes , including the single-player Arcade mode ( in which they are given their own storyline and ending ) , not just Versus and Training mode . The soundtracks for each game are from the arcade version , with the exception of Alpha 2 Gold , which uses the arranged soundtrack from the PlayStation and Sega Saturn versions . The original Alpha gives the player a choice between CP System and CPS II-style soundtracks ( the former is based on the CPS Changer version of the game ) .
All of the games in the compilation includes Arcade , Versus , and Training modes , as well as Survival mode and Dramatic Battle mode for the Alpha games . The Dramatic Battle mode featured in the original Alpha , Alpha 2 , and Alpha 2 Gold is the same as the one featured in the Japanese arcade version of Street Fighter Zero 2 Alpha , allowing the player to create their own team of characters and fight against a specific series of opponents , namely Adon , Sagat , M. Bison , and Akuma ( Alpha ) or Shin Akuma ( Alpha 2 and Alpha 2 Gold ) . The original Dramatic Battle mode from the first Alpha , which features Ryu and Ken against Bison , is available in the game as a secret .
Super Gem Fighter Mini Mix
As another CP System II arcade fighting game that features 7 playable characters mostly from Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold as well as the rest of the 12 characters from the game 's roster making backstage cameo appearances , this crossover has been added to the compilation . This game also made a brief appearance in Street Fighter Alpha : The Animation ( 2000 ) , where Sakura is seen playing it on their WonderSwan gaming handheld which is also why it has been added to the list of games .
Unlockable games
Street Fighter Alpha 3 Upper
In addition to the default games , this compilation also includes Street Fighter Alpha 3 Upper , based on an updated arcade version of Alpha 3 released in Japan that includes the extended character roster from the console versions of the game . Neither the original Alpha 3 nor Alpha 3 Upper includes the World Tour mode introduced in the PlayStation version of Alpha 3 nor any of the additional characters that were added in the Game Boy Advance version of the game ( which is also called Street Fighter Alpha 3 Upper but is unrelated to the version featured in this anthology ) or Alpha 3 Max , the PlayStation Portable version of Alpha 3 .
Hyper Street Fighter Alpha
After the player completes all the default games ( as well as Alpha 3 Upper ) at least once , a second secret game titled Hyper Street Fighter Alpha will become available . Based on the same concept employed in Darkstalkers Chronicle and Hyper Street Fighter II , Hyper Alpha is a Versus/Training mode-only version of Alpha 3 where the player can select between different versions of the characters featured in the Alpha games . Hyper Alpha also features secret fighting styles in addition to the ones featured in Alpha 3 as well as a soundtrack that not only spans the Alpha series , but includes music from the earlier Street Fighter II and Final Fight games .
Secret Options Menu
A secret options menu is also accessible in each game , which allows the player access to specific revisions of the game and all of their features , and which also allows them to create their own custom revision by enabling and disabling certain features .
HDD Install Feature
Street Fighter Alpha Anthology is one of only a handful of U.S. PS2 titles that support the HDD install feature . Using an original `` fat '' PS2 console , with the official HDD installed , allows installing 2GB of data to the HDD . This eliminates virtually all load times from the compilation .
Regional differences
The Japanese version of the compilation , Fighters ' Generation , differs slightly in its content of games . The Japanese version of the compilation features each of the Street Fighter Zero arcade games , with the Japanese arcade versions of Street Fighter Zero 2 and Street Fighter Zero 2 Alpha as part of the default lineup . The US version of Street Fighter Alpha 2 , as well as Street Fighter Zero 2 Dash ( the Japanese version of Alpha 2 Gold ) as secret `` arranged '' versions of Zero 2 and Zero 2 Alpha are featured in the Japanese compilation due to their additional characters ( Evil Ryu in the US Alpha 2 and Cammy in Zero 2 Dash ) . In the North American and PAL versions of the compilation , the default versions of Alpha 2 and Alpha 2 Gold are the same as their `` arranged '' counterparts in the Japanese compilation . The Japanese version also includes in-game character movelists which can be brought up by pausing .
In the main menu , the Japanese compilation uses the same illustrations that were used in the sales flyers promoting the original arcade versions , while the Western versions of the compilation uses the art used for the American flyers . Since Alpha 2 Gold was never released for the arcades in North America , the cover artwork of Street Fighter Collection ( which features the Super Street Fighter II renditions of Ryu , Chun-Li , and Cammy , as well as the other `` New Challengers '' who were not in Alpha 2 Gold ) was used instead .
See also
Street Fighter Collection
Street Fighter Anniversary Collection
Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection
References
External links
2006 video games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 2-only games
Street Fighter games
Capcom video game compilations
Video games developed in Japan
The Sophienkirche ( Saint Sophia 's Church ) was a church in Dresden .
It was located on the northeast corner of the Postplatz ( post office square ) in the old town before it was severely damaged in the Dresden bombing in 1945 and subsequently destroyed in 1962 by the party and government of the GDR . It was the only Gothic church in the city .
History
In 1250 The Order of Friars Minor , Franciscans , built a monastery and small church at the location of the future Sophienkirche — this was known as the Franziskanerkloster . Starting in 1331 the original structure was demolished and construction began of a larger church with two equally sized naves . Around 1400 , at the southeast corner of the church , the Busmannkapelle was added , a private chapel for the patrician Busmann family to which the Dresden Mayor at the time , Lorenz Busmann , belonged and where they were later buried .
The Franciscan monastery was abolished during the Reformation .
Sophie of Brandenburg , Hofkirche
The Franciscan Friary stood empty for decades before it was restored in 1610 by Sophie of Brandenburg and reopened as a Lutheran church dedicated to Saint Sofia in their honour . In 1737 it became the ( Evangelical Lutheran ) Hofkirche ( court church ) of the Electorate of Saxony ( not to be confused with the Roman Catholic Hofkirche the Elector began building at the same time ) .
Silbermann organ and Bach
Between the years 1718 and 1720 famed pipe organ maker Gottfried Silbermann installed one of the only 50 organs they completed , known for their clear meantone temperament . Johann Sebastian Bach is known to have played concerts on the instrument in 1725 and 1747 .
The Kyrie and Gloria from Bach 's B minor Mass were composed in 1733 , possibly the former as a lament for the death of Elector Augustus II the Strong ( who had died on 1 February 1733 ) and the latter to celebrate the accession of their successor the Saxon Elector and later King Augustus III of Poland , who converted to Catholicism in order to ascend the throne of Poland . In the hope of obtaining the title `` Electoral Saxon Court Composer '' Bach presented these to Augustus as a set of parts ( Kyrie–Gloria Mass , ( early version ) ) . They may have been performed in 1733 , not in the presence of its dedicatee , possibly at the Sophienkirche where Bach 's son Wilhelm Friedemann Bach had been organist since June . However , in 1734 Bach performed a secular cantata , a dramma per musica , BWV 215 , in honour of Augustus , in the presence of the King and Queen , the first movement of which was later adapted into the B minor Mass Hosanna .
The Sophienkirche up to 1945
The Sophienkirche was redesigned in the mid-19th century and took its final shape , with its twin neogothic spires ( replacing the old Baroque tower ) , aisles and a new façade , between 1864–1868 . After the German Revolution of 1918–19 , the Sophienkirche ceased to serve as a court church and , seven years later , was made seat of the bishop of the Evangelical-Lutheran Church of Saxony .
In 1933 the towers were simplified ( gothic elements were removed and the spires covered in copper ) because they had been deteriorating and were becoming dangerous . This was intended as a temporary solution before restoring the neogothic details later .
1945 , destruction and demolition
In the bombing of Dresden in February 1945 the Sophienkirche was gutted by fire and the Silbermann organ completely destroyed . The ceiling and walls remained intact until 1946 when the vaulted ceiling , without the support of the internal columns destroyed by the fire , collapsed leaving only the south spires standing . These were then intentionally destroyed in 1950 to recover the copper for the Kreuzkirche .
Gradually the ruins around the destroyed church were cleared . A reconstruction would have been quite possible but a comment by Walter Ulbricht , the party chief of the SED , `` ... a socialist city does not need Gothic churches '' , doomed the church .
Despite strong protests by Dresden conservators , architects and citizens , the remains of the church were destroyed in 1962 by resolution of the party and government of the German Democratic Republic . Before that , the Nosseni and Sacristy altars had been salvaged , they can be seen now in the Loschwitzer Kirche ( also in Dresden ) and the Friedenskirche in Löbtau , respectively .
On 1 May 1963 the last parts of the oldest Dresden church disappeared — except for a partially destroyed sandstone framework of windows , which were stored in the catacombs under Brühl 's Terrace .
Memorial
Beginning in 2009 a monument incorporating original fragments of the Busmann chapel has been built in the chapel 's original position as a memorial to the Sophienkirche and a reminder of the horrors of war and the misuse of power by dictators . It is intended to enclose the memorial in a glass cube so that it can be used for exhibitions .
References
Sophien
Lutheran churches in Dresden
The Afghanistan National Disaster Management Authority ( ANDMA ) , also called the Ministry of Disaster Management , is a ministry and authority of Afghanistan . It was established on 16 February 1973 as the Department of Disaster Preparedness ( DDP ) .
The currently responsible minister is Mohammad Abbas Akhund .
Ministers
References
External links
Official site - English
Government ministries of Afghanistan
Disasters in Afghanistan
Hibiscus platanifolius , the maple-leaved mallow , is a species of flowering tree in the mallow family , Malvaceae , that is native to the India and Sri Lanka . In Sri Lankan texts , the plant is widely known by its synonym H. eriocarpus . The tree is about 8m tall . Leaves are cordate at base ; hairy ; trilobed . Flowers show axillary panicles where flowers show typical Hibiscus flower colors , pink with dark center . Fruit is a capsule .
Common names
Kannada - Bili daasavaala , Daasaala , Daasaani
Telugu - Kondabenda , Kondagogu , Kondajana punara
References
External links
Potential Antioxidant , Hypoglycemic and Hypolipidemic Effect of Leaves of Hibiscus platanifolius
platanifolius
Flora of India ( region )
Flora of Sri Lanka
Still Doubted ? is the fifth studio album by rapper Lil Wyte , released on June 19 , 2012 . It was mostly produced by Wyte Music producer Big BOI Beats and features guest appearances from Young Buck , Frayser Boy , Lord Infamous and Liquid Assassin from Grave Plott , among others . It is Wyte 's first album to not feature any production by HCP 's DJ Paul and Juicy J .
Background
Still Doubted ? is Wyte 's first album since 2009 's The Bad Influence . It is a follow up to their debut album Doubt Me Now and was released 10 years after it . Wyte spent three years touring and releasing mixtapes in preparation for their next album . They also founded their own record label Wyte Music and started signing and promoting new artists , such as Miscellaneous ( who appears on the single `` Sike '' ) . Unlike their previous releases under HCP , which were crafted by DJ Paul and Juicy J , Still Doubted ? was executively produced by Wyte , who wanted to make an album on their own .
A music video for `` My Smoking Song '' from Doubt Me Now was released on April 20 , 2012 , to promote the album . It was shot at the 41st Annual Ann Arbor Michigan Hash Bash , an annual event hosted to help legalize weed , which was attended by 15,000 people .
Music and lyrics
Wyte described Still Doubted ? as an `` old-new Lil Wyte . '' The album features the usual drug and party-themed songs , as well as tracks on personal topics , which were rarely heard on their previous albums .
Guests and production
Prior to the album 's release Lil Wyte confirmed working with Pastor Troy , JellyRoll , Al Kapone , Miscellaneous , Liquid Assassin , Project Pat , Three 6 Mafia , Insane Clown Posse , Young Buck , Curren $ y , Bubba Sparxxx , MJG , Tech N9ne , I-20 and Twista on the album . The ones who actually appear on the album are Pastor Troy , Al Kapone , Miscellaneous , Project Pat , Bubba Sparxxx , Partee , , Lil Wil , Big Lazy , Thug Therapy , Frayser Boy , Young Buck , Lord Infamous , Liquid Assassin from Grave Plott and Miss Wyte .
The album was produced almost entirely by Wyte Music producer Big BOI Beats , with few tracks produced by Lex Luger , Wyte Music Rec and 2Tall . Although Lil Wyte confirmed in an interview that Three 6 Mafia members DJ Paul and Juicy J had produced some tracks , they did n't make the final cut . This is the first Lil Wyte album and the first album under HCP not to have any production done by DJ Paul and Juicy J .
Singles
The first and only single `` Sike '' was released on February 7 , 2012 . A music video for the song was shot on Panama City Beach and released on June 9 on Wyte 's YouTube channel .
Critical reception
The album received positive reviews . Josh Boutwell from Hubpages gave the album 4,5 stars out of 5 calling it their best since Phinally Phamous . Popculturez gave the album a positive review stating that hard-core , Southern-fried hip-hop fans should check out the album as Wyte delivers a quality of Memphis street-hop . This is Book Music also gave the album positive review claiming that `` Still Doubted ? is an answer to anyone who has ever thought Lil Wyte could not make decent music . '' Steve Flash Juon from RapReviews gave the album 6.5 stars out of 10 praising them for sharpening their rhymes and songs like `` Sold My Soul , '' `` All Kinds Of Drugs '' and `` Lesson Learned , '' but criticized the length of the album , saying that skipping tracks like `` Yea Hoe , '' `` Get Em Out Of Durr , '' `` Sike '' and the skits would have resulted in a much stronger album .
Commercial performance
Although the album did n't appear on the Billboard 200 , it charted on the R & B/Hip-Hop Albums at # 34 and on the Rap Albums at # 23 .
Track listing
Charts
References
2012 albums
Lil Wyte albums
Myrmecia desertorum is an Australian ant species belonging to the genus Myrmecia . They were first described by Wheeler in 1915 , and are distributed all over Australia .
Myrmecia desertorum are common nationwide . They are typically 18-26 millimetres long . They are usually a reddish yellow colour . Their heads and gaster are in a blackish brown colour , and mandibles and clypeus are of a yellow colour .
Behavior
Myrmecia desertorum are highly aggressive ants . They are nocturnal and blend easily into a background of dry leaf-litter . They do not lay pheromone trails for foraging and are solitary foragers . They establish permanent nests which resemble huge crater-like depressions , with several nest openings . A poke into any of these openings results in a surge of workers running out with mandibles wide open . They have extraordinarily large eyes . They primarily feed on insects . It was in these ants that an antibiotic in the metapleural gland was discovered .
References
External links
Myrmeciinae
Hymenoptera of Australia
Insects described in 1915
Insects of Australia
Boon Lay MRT station is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit ( MRT ) station on the East West line in Jurong West , Singapore . Located in Jurong West Central , Boon Lay station is one of the three stations that serve Jurong West New Town ; the other two are Lakeside MRT station and Pioneer MRT station . Together with Boon Lay Bus Interchange and Jurong Point Shopping Mall , they form the Boon Lay Integrated Public Transport Hub .
The station was the western terminus of the East West line prior to the opening of Joo Koon MRT station in 2009 .
Boon Lay station is proposed to become an interchange with the Jurong Region line , which is slated for completion in 2027 . It will be the southern terminus of the Main Branch of the Jurong Region line from 2027 to 2029 before Jurong Pier MRT station opens . Trains entering service at this station will terminate at Tawas via Bahar Junction .
History
Construction began on 6 January 1987 and trackwork was completed on October 1989 . The station opened on 6 July 1990 as the western terminus of the East West line , and was the last station to be opened on the original MRT network . Initially , the station had the station code 'W12 ' , which was later changed to 'EW27 ' on 31 July 2001 when the MRT network map was revamped by the then Minister for Communications and Information Technology , Mr Yeo Cheow Tong . The original name was `` Jurong West '' before the construction began and was renamed to Boon Lay .
As Boon Lay and Jurong West Neighbourhoods 7 and 8 were developed later , the station had deferred their need to construct the station until 6 January 1987 . The last MRT viaduct to be constructed was from Lakeside to Boon Lay on 11 August 1989 .
Boon Lay extension ( period 1 )
The station was built to serve residents living in the then-undeveloped Jurong West New Town and people working in the then mostly-undeveloped Tuas and Jurong Industrial Estate , since it was the only MRT station serving these areas , covering the areas westwards from Boon Lay . As these areas developed , passenger volume increased , leading to much congestion at this station during peak hours .
However , the situation was improved when the Boon Lay MRT extension commenced service on 28 February 2009 with the opening of Pioneer and Joo Koon . With Pioneer serving the western portion of Jurong West New Town and Pioneer Sector , and Joo Koon MRT station serving Joo Koon , Boon Lay now serves only the eastern portion of Jurong West New Town and one less industrial area and ceased to be the western terminal of the East West line .
As with most of the above-ground stations originally built along the East West line , it was built without platform screen doors to prevent commuters from falling onto the train tracks . After several successful tests at Jurong East , Yishun and Pasir Ris , half-height screen doors were installed and commenced operations on 30 June 2011 . The station installed with high-volume low-speed fans and commenced operations on 11 December 2012 .
Jurong Region line
On 9 May 2018 , the Land Transport Authority ( LTA ) announced that Boon Lay station would be part of the proposed Jurong Region line ( JRL ) . The station will be constructed as part of Phase 1 , JRL ( West ) , consisting of 10 stations between Choa Chu Kang , Boon Lay and Tawas , and is expected to be completed in 2027 .
The platforms will be situated over the junction of Jurong West Street 63 and Jurong West Street 64 , located to the west of current station complex . The JRL platforms will be built at a height greater than the current EWL platforms to avoid the ingress and egress tracks of the East West line .
Contract J106 for the design and construction of Boon Lay station and associated viaducts , including Addition & Alteration works to the existing station complex , was awarded to China Communications Construction Company Limited ( Singapore Branch ) at a sum of S $ 172 million . Construction will start in 2020 , with completion in 2027 .
Initially expected to open in 2026 , the restrictions on the construction due to the COVID-19 pandemic has led to delays in the JRL line completion , and the date was pushed to 2027 .
Virtual Shopping
Similar to those at train stations in South Korea , an interactive media was launched on 7 December 2011 by SMRT in partnership with Cold Storage . Using a camera phone with a QR code reader installed , one can purchase the items displayed on the media by flashing their camera phones on the items and the items would be delivered to them upon payment through the various credit cards .
References
External links
LTA – Other Rail Projects
LTA – New Releases – Expanding The Rail Network : LTA To Build Boon Lay MRT Extension
omy – 新闻 News – 红衣队铁轨上追捕玩命青年 ( Chinese news article . Literally means `` omy – News – Red Man Team on tracks chasing a teen who played their life . '' where SMRT staffs has a uniform of Red T-shirt . )
Jurong West
Railway stations opened in 1990
Mass Rapid Transit ( Singapore ) stations
1990 establishments in Singapore
An integrated device manufacturer ( IDM ) is a semiconductor company which designs , manufactures , and sells integrated circuit ( IC ) products .
IDM is often used to refer to a company which handles semiconductor manufacturing in-house , compared to a fabless semiconductor company , which outsources production to a third-party semiconductor fabrication plant .
Examples of IDMs are Intel , Samsung , and Texas Instruments , examples of fabless companies are AMD , Nvidia , and Qualcomm , and examples of pure play foundries are GlobalFoundries , TSMC , and UMC .
Due to the dynamic nature of the semiconductor industry , the term IDM has become less accurate than when it was coined .
OSATs
The term OSATs means `` outsourced semiconductor assembly and test providers '' . OSATs have dominated IC packaging and testing .
Fabless operations
The terms fabless ( fabrication-less ) , foundry , and IDM are now used to describe the role a company has in a business relationship . For example , Freescale owns and operates fabrication facilities ( fab ) where it manufactures many chip product lines , as a traditional IDM would . Yet it is known to contract with merchant foundries for other products , as would fabless companies .
Manufacturers
Many electronic manufacturing companies engage in business that would qualify them as an IDM :
Analog Devices
ams AG
Belling
Changxin Memory Technologies
Cypress Semiconductor
CR Microelectronics
Fujitsu
Good-Ark Electronics
Hitachi
IBM
IM Flash Technologies
Infineon
Intersil
Intel
LSI Corporation
Matsushita
Maxim Integrated Products
Micron Technology
Mitsubishi
National Semiconductor
Nexperia
NXP ( formerly Philips + Freescale Semiconductors )
OMMIC
ON Semiconductor
Pericom
Qorvo
Renesas ( formerly NEC semiconductor )
Samsung
SK Hynix
STMicroelectronics
Sony
Texas Instruments
Tsinghua Unigroup
Toshiba
Reading
Understanding fabless IC technology By Jeorge S. Hurtarte , Evert A. Wolsheimer , Lisa M. Tafoya 1.4.1 Integrated device manufacturer Page 8
References
Semiconductor device fabrication
Widows is a British primetime television crime drama that was broadcast in 1983 and 1985 , produced by Euston Films for Thames Television and aired on the ITV network . Two six-part series were written by crime writer Lynda La Plante . The executive producer for the series was Verity Lambert . In 1984 it was nominated for the British Academy Television Award for Best Drama Series or Serial .
Plot
Three armed robbers — Harry Rawlins , Terry Miller , and Joe Perelli — are killed during an armed robbery . They are survived by their widows , Dolly Rawlins ( Ann Mitchell ) , Shirley Miller ( Fiona Hendley ) , and Linda Perelli ( Maureen O'Farrell ) . With the police applying pressure , and a rival gang intending to take over Harry Rawlins ' crime business , the widows turn to Dolly for leadership .
They use Harry 's famous `` ledgers '' , a cache of books detailing all their robberies over the years , to find the details of the failed robbery , and , enlisting the help of a fourth woman , Bella O'Reilly ( Eva Mottley ) , they resolve to pull off the raid themselves . At the same time , they discover the `` fourth man '' in the raid escaped—leaving their husbands for dead . Dolly must contend with the police and the gang , as well as their fellow widows , agitating for vengeance .
The first series of Widows concluded with the widows pulling off the raid , and escaping to Rio . In the final scenes , however , they discovered that the `` fourth man '' was in fact Harry Rawlins ( Maurice O'Connell ) , Dolly 's husband .
A second series followed in 1985 . This series saw the widows return from Rio to track down Harry Rawlins , revealed at the conclusion of the original Widows to be the surviving `` fourth man '' from the original raid . Harry is determined to pay back the widows for staging their raid , and the widows have a score to settle with them for running out on their husbands . Eva Mottley left the production before the second series , claiming that they had been sexually and racially abused by the production staff . They committed suicide soon after . Debby Bishop took over the role of Bella for series 2 .
A sequel series , She 's Out , set ten years after the events of Widows , was produced in 1995 .
Cast
Major cast
Ann Mitchell as Dolly Rawlins
Maureen O'Farrell as Linda Perelli
Fiona Hendley as Shirley Miller
Eva Mottley as Bella O'Reilly ( Series 1 )
Debby Bishop as Bella O'Reilly ( Series 2 )
Kate Williams as Audrey Withey
Maurice O'Connell as Harry Rawlins
David Calder as D.I . George Resnick
Paul Jesson as D.S./D.I . Alec Fuller
Supporting cast
Series 1
Peter Machin as D.C. Robin Andrews
Jeffrey Chiswick as Arnie Fisher
George Costigan as Charlie Staincliffe
Stanley Meadows as Eddie Rawlins
Carol Gillies as Alice Gunner
Dudley Sutton as Boxer Davis
Terry Cowling as Jimmy Nunn
Christopher Ellison as Tony Fisher
Terence Harvey as Chief Insp . Saunders
James Lister as Carlos Moreno
Catherine Neilson as Trudie Nunn
Peter Lovstrom as Greg Withey
Michael John Paliotti as Joe Perelli
Terry Stuart as Terry Miller
Series 2
Stephen Yardley as Vic Morgan
Andrew Kazamia as Micky Tesco
Peter Machin as D.C. Robin Andrews
Mike Felix as Eddie Bates
Peter Lovstrom as Greg Withey
Christopher Whitehouse as Gordon Murphy
Pavel Douglas as D.S . Tommy Reynolds
Damien Thomas as Jose Camarena
Jim Carter as D.I . Frinton
Ann Michelle as Jackie Rawlins
Terence Harvey as Chief Insp . Saunders
Catherine Neilson as Trudie Nunn
Episode list
Series 1 ( 1983 )
Series 2 ( 1985 )
In other media
American remake
In 2002 , the first series was re-made for the American market , but the plot was significantly changed . Instead of a traditional armed robbery , this version united the three widows and the fourth woman in a plan to steal a famous painting . This version starred Mercedes Ruehl as Dolly Rawlins , Brooke Shields as Shirley Heller , Rosie Perez as Linda Perelli , and N'Bushe Wright as Bella O'Reilly . The miniseries aired on ABC between August 6 and August 27 , 2002 and is produced by Patchett/Kaufman Entertainment , in association with Greengrass Productions and distributed by Buena Vista Television .
Film adaptation
Steve McQueen directed a film adaptation , and co-wrote the screenplay with Gillian Flynn . New Regency produce the film . In September 2016 Viola Davis was announced as starring as Dolly Rawlins . In January 2017 , André Holland and Cynthia Erivo were announced as starring in the film . Elizabeth Debicki was in talks to join the film in February 2017 . The same month , Michelle Rodriguez and Daniel Kaluuya were named among the cast . In March 2017 , Liam Neeson was in discussions to star as Viola Davis ' husband , and subsequently joined the cast . Robert Duvall joined the cast in April , as did Garret Dillahunt , Jacki Weaver , Manuel Garcia-Rulfo and Lukas Haas in May 2017 . Carrie Coon was cast in June 2017 , with Michael Harney and Jon Bernthal announced as cast members a month later . Principal photography began on May 8 , 2017 .
Home media
The series was initially made available on VHS via Fremantle Home Entertainment ; `` Series One '' was released on 13 May 2002 , while `` Series Two '' was made available on 8 July 2002 .
The Complete Series of Widows was released on DVD , first from Fremantle , on 19 April 2010 , and again from Revelation Films , with the addition of the sequel series She 's Out ( which is included in all subsequent releases ) , then from Network on 5 November 2018 .
On 5 November 2018 , Network also released the complete series on standard definition Blu-ray .
References
External links
Widows at the Internet Movie Database
Widows 2 at the Internet Movie Database
Encyclopedia of Television
1980s British drama television series
1983 British television series debuts
1985 British television series endings
1980s British crime television series
ITV television dramas
Television shows produced by Thames Television
Television series by Fremantle ( company )
Television shows set in London
Television series by Euston Films
English-language television shows
Poecilopharis are beetles from the subfamily Cetoniinae , tribe Schizorhinini . The genus was created by Ernst Gustav Kraatz in 1880 . The type of the genus is the species Schizorhina bouruensis Wallace , 1867 .
Metallic green in colour , often gaudy decorated with orange . Mesosternal process horizontal and flattened with raised tip . Protibia tridentate with long , tapering teeth grouped together at the tip . Clypeus tucked in , simply sinuate . Pronotum with the basal median lobe only covering the base of the scutellum .
The genus is spread throughout the whole Australian region .
List of the described species and subspecies
Poecilopharis allardi Rigout , 1997
Poecilopharis allardi tannaensis Rigout , 1997
Poecilopharis angulicollis Schürhoff , 1936
Poecilopharis angulicollis penicillata Schürhoff , 1936
Poecilopharis antonei Allard , 1995
Poecilopharis aruana ( Wallace , 1867 )
Poecilopharis bimaculata Schürhoff , 1936
Poecilopharis bouruensis ( Wallace , 1867 )
Poecilopharis bouruensis laevipennis Ritsema , 1881
Poecilopharis curtisi Waterhouse , 1884
Poecilopharis dechambrei Allard , 1995
Poecilopharis emilia ( White , 1856 )
Poecilopharis femorata Waterhouse , 1894
Poecilopharis flavens Heller , 1916
Poecilopharis fromentae Rigout , 1997
Poecilopharis gressitti Rigout , 1997
Poecilopharis kerleyi Allard , 1995
Poecilopharis lachaumei Allard , 1995
Poecilopharis laeviclypeata Schürhoff , 1936
Poecilopharis leai Schürhoff , 1936
Poecilopharis minuta Moser , 1901
Poecilopharis moana Moser , 1908
Poecilopharis morrisi Allard , 1995
Poecilopharis poggii Allard , 1995
Poecilopharis poggii flyensis Rigout , 1997
Poecilopharis porioni Allard , 1995
Poecilopharis quadrimaculata Schürhoff , 1936
Poecilopharis rufofemorata Heller , 1916
Poecilopharis ruteri Allard , 1995
Poecilopharis samuelsoni Rigout , 1997
Poecilopharis schochi Schürhoff , 1936
Poecilopharis schochi buloloensis Allard , 1995
Poecilopharis schochi lufaensis Allard , 1995
Poecilopharis speiseri Heller , 1916
Poecilopharis truncatipennis ( Ritsema , 1881 )
Poecilopharis uniformis Waterhouse , 1884
Poecilopharis uniformis makiraensis Rigout , 1997
Poecilopharis valcklucasseni Schürhoff , 1936
Poecilopharis wallacei Schürhoff , 1936
Poecilopharis whitei ( J. Thomson , 1860 )
Poecilopharis woodfordi Waterhouse , 1887
Poecilopharis woodfordi bukaensis Rigout , 1997
Details of the species and subspecies
Poecilopharis allardi Rigout , 1997
The insect from the island of Erromango , New Hebrides . A large coppery species recalling emilia , but of a more stocky stature . Paramers resembling those of samuelsoni . The type specimen is in the Bernice P. Bishop Museum , Honolulu .
Poecilopharis allardi tannaensis Rigout , 1997
The insect from the Tanna island , smaller and more bluish . The type specimen is in the Bernice P. Bishop Museum , Honolulu .
Poecilopharis angulicollis Schürhoff , 1936
The insect is chocolate colour , West Papua .
Poecilopharis angulicollis penicillata Schürhoff , 1936
Smaller with a very weak elytral punctation from the Madang region .
Poecilopharis antoinei Allard , 1995
Shiny dark green , orange marks reduced . From Nissan island . The type specimen is in the Allard 's collection .
Poecilopharis aruana ( Wallace ) , 1867
Described as Schizorhina aruana , close to leai , but slimmer , the punctation lines are more parallel . The type specimen is in the Paris Museum .
Poecilopharis bimaculata Schürhoff , 1936
Insect from New Britain , very small , shiny , dark , with yellowish marks .
Poecilopharis buruensis ( Wallace ) , 1867
Described as Schizorhina buruensis , this insect from the eastern part of the Buru island is dark , shiny , olive green with a few residual yellow dots . The type specimen is in the Paris Museum .
Poecilopharis buruensis laevipennis Ritsema , 181
From the western part of the Buru island , the insect is metallic golden green , the orange marks almost totally absent .
Poecilopharis curtisi Waterhouse , 1884
From the Larat island , a species with no punctation and of metallic green colour with copper red brilliance .
Poecilopharis dechambrei Allard , 1995
Shiny dark green , weak elytral punctation . From the New Hebrid ( no more precise location ) . The type specimen is in the Paris Museum .
Poecilopharis emilia ( White ) , 1856
Described as Schizorhina emilia , an insect from the Anatom island , in the New Hebrides , small with a shiny greenish black colour , covered with regular orange patterns .
Poecilopharis femorata Waterhouse , 1894
From the Arfak region , West Papua . Uniform dark green , legs copper red .
Poecilopharis flavens Heller , 1916
From the Vaté island , New Hebrides . Orange ground colour with greenish brown marks .
Poecilopharis fromentae Rigout , 1997
The insect from the island of Ghanongga , Solomon islands . Cohabiting with uniformis with the two external teeth of the tibia close together and some differences in the paramers . The type specimen is in the Paris Museum .
Poecilopharis gressitti Rigout , 1997
The insect from the Nggela island , Solomon islands . Close to woodfordi but less elongated , the patterns less clear and some differences in the paramers . The type specimen is in the Bernice P. Bishop Museum , Honolulu .
Poecilopharis gressitti ssp .
From the Choiseul island , has an unusual ending of the aedeagus .
Poecilopharis kerleyi Allard , 1995
Shiny , sparkling green , weak elytral orange maculation . From Guadalcanal , in the Solomon islands . The type specimen is in the British Museum .
Poecilopharis lachaumei Allard , 1995
A small , black species with very small orange marks , living in the Rossel island . The type specimen is in the Paris Museum .
Poecilopharis laeviclypeata Schürhoff , 1936
Close to moana , the edges of the elytral suture even less marked . The type specimen come from `` Namanumi , Fleet island '' ( ? ) .
Poecilopharis leai Schürhoff , 1936
The Australian insect from N. Queensland . It has double marginal band on the pronotum and a strong elytral punctation .
Poecilopharis minuta Moser , 1901
A very small species from the Larat island with a strong elytral punctation .
Poecilopharis moana Moser , 1908
From the Moa island , copper green with an orange maculation .
Poecilopharis morrisi Allard , 1995
A species from E. Sepik , Papua New Guinea . Ground colour olive black and a fine punctation . The type specimen is in the Paris Museum .
Poecilopharis poggii Allard , 1995
A species from the Yapen island . Small , shiny dark brown species with weak punctation . The type specimen is in the Museo Civico di Storia Naturale `` Giacomo Doria '' , Italy .
Poecilopharis poggii flyensis Rigout , 1997
A subspecies from the Fly river , Western Prov. , Papua New Guinea . Much more coloured in appearance , with a much wider spatula . The type specimen is in the Bernice P. Bishop Museum , Honolulu .
Poecilopharis poggii ssp .
The specimens from Madang have a similar spatula but the protibial teeth very tapering .
Poecilopharis porioni Allard , 1995
Green colour with gold and reddish reflections , weak orange maculation . From Rotuma ( North of the Fiji islands ) . The type specimen is in the British Museum .
Poecilopharis quadrimaculata Schürhoff , 1936
The species from New Ireland with a bronze colour and yellowish marks .
Poecilopharis rufofemorata Heller , 1916
From the New Hebrides : Spiritu Santo and Malekula islands . A large species with extended yellow marks on a dark mauve background .
Poecilopharis ruteri Allard , 1995
A species from Halmaera which makes the transition to the Anacamptorrhina , the tip of the clypeus being strongly indented . The type specimen is in the Paris Museum .
Poecilopharis samuelsoni Rigout , 1997
The insect from the Banks island , New Hebrides . Shiny blue green colour and general appearance different from the other currently known Poecilopharis . The type specimen is in the Bernice P. Bishop Museum , Honolulu and was dedicated to the great entomologist Dr. G. Allan Samuelson .
Poecilopharis schochi Schürhoff , 1936
This is the species named aruana by Schoch in 1896 . It comes from the Morobe Province , Papua New Guinea . The yellow patterns are of variable size .
Poecilopharis schochi buloloensis Allard , 1995
From a place close to Bulolo , an insect usually small , with a very extensive orange maculation . The type specimen is in the Paris Museum .
Poecilopharis schochi lufaensis Allard , 1995
A subspecies ( or a true species ) from Lufa , East Highlands Province , small size , chocolate colour with confluent yellow maculation . The type specimen is in the Paris Museum .
Poecilopharis speiseri Heller , 1916
From the New Hebrides : Banks islands . A large species with a shiny light brown ground colour .
Poecilopharis truncatipennis ( Ritsema ) , 1881
Described as Schizorhina truncatipennis , an insect from the Key island , with orange maculation in a black ground colour .
Poecilopharis uniformis Waterhouse , 1887
This is the insect from the south of the Solomon archipelago , almost a uniform dark green , the pronotum very little punctate .
Poecilopharis uniformis makiraensis Rigout , 1897
The subspecies from the island of San Cristobal ( now Makira ) , Solomon Islands . Uniform green colour with bright copper reflections . The type specimen is in the British Museum .
{ { Gallery
|title=Specimens of Poecilopharis
|width=250
|height=450
|lines=4
|File : Poecilopharis ghizoensis Type.jpg| Poecilopharis uniformis ssp . female
|File : Poecilopharis uniformis ssp.jpg|Poecilopharis uniformis ssp . female
|File : Poecilopharis woodfordi Type.jpg|Poecilopharis woodfordi Holotype male
| | Poecilopharis woodfordi bukaensis Holotype female
} }
Poecilopharis uniformis ssp .
In the island of Ghizzo the specimens have a strong pronotal punctations . Same specimens exist also at the neighbouring island of Ganonggha .
Poecilopharis valcklucasseni Schürhoff , 1936
This is the species from the Batjan island . The general appearance is dark copper red .
Poecilopharis whitei ( J. Thomson ) , 1860
Described as Schizorhina whitei , an insect from the Aru and Key islands , with a shiny blue green colour .
Poecilopharis woodfordi Waterhouse , 1887
The insect from the small island south of Bougainville is dark green with very few orange markings .
Poecilopharis woodfordi bukaensis '' ' Rigout , 1997
The specimens from Bougainville are strongly marked with orange , those from the island of Buka even having bronze reflections .
The details of the paramers and of the first tibia have been published in the volume 25 of The Beetles of the World , together with a general distribution map .
References
1 . Allard ( V. ) , 1995 , The Beetles of the World , volume 23 , Sciences Nat , Venette
2 . Rigout ( J . ) et Allard ( V. ) , 1997 , The Beetles of the World , volume 25 , Hillside Books , Canterbury
3 . Schürhoff ( P.N . ) , 1934 , Beiträge zur Kenntnis der Cetoniden IV . Die Gattung Poecilopharis Kraatz , Mitt . dt . ent . Ges . '' , 6 , pp . 65–73
Cetoniinae
Thorsten Kaye ( born Thorsten Ernst Kieselbach , 22 February 1966 ) is a German-British actor . Their best known roles include Patrick Thornhart on One Life to Live , Dr. Ian Thornhart on Port Charles , Zach Slater on All My Children and Ridge Forrester on The Bold and the Beautiful .
Acting career
Kaye was born in Frankfurt , Federal Republic of Germany . They appeared in many classical theater roles , including The Winter 's Tale , Tartuffe , Macbeth , Much Ado About Nothing , Hamlet , Love 's Labour 's Lost , Twelfth Night , and The Taming of the Shrew , both in London and with the Hilberry Repertory Company in Detroit .
Kaye then moved to Los Angeles , where they acted in many television shows , including the miniseries , Sidney Sheldon 's Nothing Lasts Forever , before moving to New York to play Patrick Thornhart on ABC 's One Life to Live ( 1995–1997 ) . The character gained quite a bit of popularity , and it is where they would meet their real life partner , Susan Haskell . After completing a two-year stint on OLTL , Thorsten did some guest starring work for other shows , as well as starring in a few feature films .
In April 2000 , Thorsten accepted the role of the dedicated physician Ian Thornhart ( Patrick 's older brother ) on the ABC daytime soap ( and the spin-off show of General Hospital ) , Port Charles ( 2000–2003 ) . They appeared on the soap until its run ended in October 2003 . Thorsten received two Daytime Emmy Award Nominations for Outstanding Lead Actor for their portrayal of Ian in 2003 and 2004 .
In April 2004 , Thorsten returned to New York to join the cast of the ABC soap All My Children in the role of casino owner , Zach Slater . They were nominated for two Daytime Emmy Awards in 2006 and 2009 . Thorsten portrayed Slater until December 2009 . They returned three times in 2010 , and again in 2011 to bring Zach 's storyline to a close when AMC came to an end after 41 years , in September 2011 .
Thorsten Kaye has one of the lead roles in a new psychological thriller ( feature-length film ) titled Occupant , which was released in the U.S and Canada in October 2011 on demand in many cable/satellite markets as well as on most digital platforms , including iTunes , Amazon , Blockbuster , and PlayStation .
In 2012 , Kaye began appearing in the role of Nick , a recurring character on the NBC series Smash . In October 2013 , it was announced that Kaye was cast to portray Ridge Forrester on The Bold and the Beautiful , replacing originator Ronn Moss , who departed the series in 2012 after 25 years in the role .
Personal life
When not working , Kaye enjoys music , literature and riding American motorcycles . They are a fan of the Miami Dolphins and the Detroit Red Wings .
While appearing on One Life to Live , they met their partner , Susan Haskell , who played their on-show love interest ( Margaret `` Marty '' Saybrooke ) . The two currently have two daughters , McKenna ( born February 2003 ) and Marlowe ( born January 2007 ) .
Kaye was an active blogger for the Detroit Red Wings at NHL.com during the 2008 and 2009 Stanley Cup Playoffs .
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Thorsten Kaye profile
ThorstenKaye.com – The Official Thorsten Kaye Web Site
1966 births
Living people
Wayne State University alumni
German expatriate male actors in the United States
Actors from Frankfurt
German poets
United States International University alumni
German male film actors
German male television actors
German male poets
German male soap opera actors
Hashan Vimarshana ( born 28 November 1994 ) is a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer . They were part of Sri Lanka 's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup . They made their List A debut for Sri Lanka Ports Authority Cricket Club in the 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament on 10 March 2018 .
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
People from Matara , Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka Ports Authority Cricket Club cricketers
Ulongué is a town and the administrative seat of Angónia District , situated in the north east part of the Tete Province in Mozambique .
This town is written as Vila Ulongué in some maps , but the name of this town is Ulongué not Vila Ulongué .
The IMAP ( teacher 's training college ) , Escola Secundária de Ulongué ( secondary school ) , numerous primary schools , churches , Mozambique Trading Company , Mozambique Leaf Tobacco , and GPZ all have a presence in the area .
Demographics
References
Angónia District
Populated places in Tete Province
Philip Rundell ( 1746–1827 ) was a highly prosperous English jeweller , fine jewellery retailer and master jewellery makers ' business proprietor , known for their association with royalty . With John Bridge , they ran and co-owned Rundell and Bridge , a firm with widespread interests in the jewellery and precious metal trades .
Background and siblings
They were born into a large family , the son of Richard Rundell and their wife Ann Ditcher , and baptised at Norton St Philip , near Bath , Somerset .
Notable siblings were :
Francis Rundell , actor-manager
a non-notable sister ( became Mrs Harpur ) – mother of actor Mrs Elizabeth Bannister
Thomas Rundell of Bath , surgeon , who married writer Maria Ketelby
Elizabeth Rundell , who married London mercer Thomas Bigge ( the elder , died 1791 )
a non-notable sister ( became Mrs Bond ) , whose grandson Joseph Neeld was left more than half of Rundell 's final wealth .
Business life
Rundell was apprenticed , and went into the London goldsmith 's business Theed & Pickett which became Pickett & Rundell in 1781 . The firm had a major showroom at 32 Ludgate Hill , `` at the sign of the Golden Salmon '' , in the period around 1768 to 1785 , where they retailed goods made by others such as John Emes . They had manufacturing subsidiaries , one run by Benjamin Smith ( and for some years Digby Scott ) in Greenwich , and another by Paul Storr in Dean Street ( east of Regent Street ) .
In 1799 they are estimated as the joint-eighth richest non-royal person in Britain , owning £1M ( ) . They were one of ten known such British millionaires in 1799 .
Retirement , death and legacy
Philip Rundell withdrew capital from the firm in 1823 . They died in 1827 , leaving bequests of £500,000 ; the residue of their estate ( which amounted to £800,000 ) was left to Joseph Neeld , to reward theirs giving up a `` lucrative profession '' to take care of Rundell for thirteen years . They were buried at St Mary 's Church , Hendon .
Money left to the Bigge family was reported to have exceeded £100,000 ; according to James Losh , writing in their diary after news of the death , the bequests were some compensation for having had to put up with a `` tyrannical miser '' . The Gentleman 's Magazine reported that Rundell , unmarried and without a home , liked to spend their time with their Brompton `` niece '' ( i.e . Maria , the wife of Thomas Bigge junior ) or Elizabeth Bannister .
References
Further reading
Royal Goldsmiths : The Art of Rundell & Bridge 1797–1843 , Cambridge : John Adamson ( publisher ) , Hartop , Christopher , with foreword by HRH The Prince of Wales , introduction by Philippa Glanville and essays by Diana Scarisbrick , Charles Truman , David Watkin and Matthew Winterbottom ( 2005 ) .
1746 births
1827 deaths
English businesspeople
The House of Steenweeghs or Steenweeghs Lineage ( French : Lignage Steenweeghs ) is one of the Seven Noble Houses of Brussels , along with Roodenbeke , Sleeus , Serhuyghs , Sweerts , Serroelofs and Coudenberg .
The House of Steenweeghs was charged in 1383 with the defence of the Louvain gate , and was assisted as of 1422 by the nation of Saint-Jean .
Escutcheon
Gules ( Brussels ) , five escallops in a cross .
Noble houses
The Seven noble houses of Brussels ( , ) were the seven families of Brussels whose descendants formed the city 's patrician class , to whom special privileges were granted until the end of the Ancien Régime .
Together with the Guilds of Brussels they formed the city 's Bourgeoisie .
See also
Seven Noble Houses of Brussels
House of Serroelofs
House of Sweerts
House of Coudenbergh
House of Sleeus
House of Serhuyghs
House of Roodenbeke
Bourgeois of Brussels
Guilds of Brussels
References
Seven Noble Houses of Brussels
Belgian families
People from Brussels-Capital Region
Razan Taha ( ; born December 29 , 1991 ) is a Jordanian swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events . They represented their nation Jordan at the 2008 Summer Olympics , placing themselves among the top 70 swimmers in the 50 m freestyle .
At age sixteen , Taha became one of the youngest swimmers to mark their debut for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , competing in the women 's 50 m freestyle . They raced to fourth in heat five with a time of 27.82 , just a close , hundredth-second margin ( 0.010 behind top three finisher Dalia Tórrez Zamora of Nicaragua . Taha , however , failed to advance into the semi-finals , as they placed fifty-sixth overall out of ninety-two swimmers in the prelims .
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Jordanian female swimmers
Living people
Olympic swimmers of Jordan
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Jordanian female freestyle swimmers
Sportspeople from Amman
1991 births
Menon ( , fl 431 BC ) commanded a faction of Pharsalians who were among the Thessalians who came to the assistance of the Athenians when they were being attacked by the Peloponnesian army in the first year of the Peloponnesian War , 431 BC . At the time , they led a cavalry that was involved in a skirmish at Phrygia . They may be the son or grandson of Menon I of Pharsalus , and they may be the grandfather of Menon III of Pharsalus ( who appears in Plato 's Meno ) , via their son Alexidemus .
References
Bibliography
Thucydides , History of the Peloponnesian War , Bk II , line 22
Roland Grubb Kent , A History of Thessaly : From the Earliest Historical Times to the Ascension of Philip V. of Macedon , 1904 , ch V , pp 20–21
A Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology , Ed . William Smith , 1876 , Vol 2 pp 1043–1044
External links
Thucydides ' History of the Peloponnesian War , Book II , Jowett trans .
Ancient Thessalian generals
5th-century BC Greek people
People of the Peloponnesian War
People from Farsala
Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1802 .
Fellows of the Royal Society
George Biggin ( c.1762–1803 )
Jacques Louis , Count of Bournon ( 1751–1825 )
Charles Burney ( 1757–1817 )
Astley Paston Cooper ( 1768–1841 )
William Cruickshank
Alexander Hamilton Douglas , 10th Duke of Hamilton ( 1767–1852 )
Gilbert Elliot , 1st Earl of Minto ( 1751–1814 )
Richard Fowler ( 1765–1863 )
Edward Hilliard ( d. 1816 )
Edward Knatchbull ( 1781–1849 )
George Knox ( 1765–1827 )
John Liptrap
King of Bavaria , Maximilian I ( 1756–1825 ) ( Royal Member )
Langford Millington ( d. 1807 )
David William Murray , 3rd Earl of Mansfield ( 1777–1840 )
Lord Webb John Seymour ( 1777–1819 )
Henry Robert Stewart , 2nd Marquess of Londonderry ( 1769–1822 )
John Trotter ( c.1766–1819 )
Dawson Turner ( 1775–1858 )
James Ware ( 1756–1815 )
Robert Woodhouse ( 1773–1827 )
References
1802 in science
The red-rumped wheatear or buff-rumped wheatear ( Oenanthe moesta ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae . It is found in North Africa and the Middle East .
Description
The red-rumped wheatear is a compact , big-headed wheatear with a rufous rump and all dark tail . the male has a grey crown and nape with a black throat and face and white supercilium . The shoulders and back are black with white fringes to the feathers , the rump and base of the tail are rufous and the distal part of the tail is black . Female is paler with a rufous crown and cheeks . Juveniles are similar to females but are less rufous and do show faint spots and streaks . Length is 16 cm . The fly low to the ground with a loose flapping flight that resembles a skylark .
Voice
The territorial song , given by both sexes , seems to vary geographically from a harsher chattering song in the west to a more melodious . pleasant and repetitive `` twee-churr-urr-urr '' in Cyrenaica . The courtship song sounds like an old fashioned boiling kettle , a long warbling whistle rising in pitch given in duet by both sexes . The alarm and contact calls are typically chat like harsh clicks .
Distribution and subspecies
There are two recognised subspecies of Red-rumped wheatear , they are :
Oenanthe moesta brooksbanki Meinertzhagen , 1923 - southern Syria and Jordan to north-western Saudi Arabia and south-western Iraq .
Oenanthe moesta moesta ( Lichtenstein , 1823 ) = North Africa from extreme north of Mauritania to coastal north-west Egypt .
Habitat
The red-rumped wheatear avoids real deserts and is normally found in flat areas , especially near saline or barren areas . In Morocco uses more vegetated areas than the desert wheatear and also found in rocky hills .
Habits
The red-rumped wheatear has a prolonged breeding season from late February through to June in North Africa , and it may have up to three broods . The nest is usually placed in a small mammal 's burrow , up to 2m underground , or sometimes in a natural hole or a cavity in a wall and sometimes hidden under a bush . The nest is a cup made out of plant material and lined with feathers , woo , and hair , and even shed snakeskin . The clutch is 4-5 but very little is known about the breeding behaviour of this species .
References
red-rumped wheatear
Birds of North Africa
Birds of the Middle East
red-rumped wheatear
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dave Rosser was an American rock guitarist known for their work for the Afghan Whigs , who they joined in 2014 . They played guitar on their albums Do to the Beast and In Spades . Previously , they were a member of the Gutter Twins and the Twilight Singers , projects started by Whigs frontman Greg Dulli .
Musical career
In addition to performing with the Afghan Whigs , Gutter Twins , and Twilight Singers , Rosser contributed their guitar playing to albums by Ani DiFranco , Gal Holiday & the Honky Tonk Revue , My Jerusalem , Joseph Arthur , and Tim Heidecker , among others . They also had a band of their own known as Get Busy and co-founded the innovative New Orleans music experience known as Kirasu ( www.kirasumusic.com ) .
When they are n't touring around the globe , they played in bars and nightclubs on Bourbon Street in the heart of the French Quarter . They sat in with and subbed for their friends in several bands , including Category 5 , RTL , The Remedy and No Quarter .
Death
Rosser died in New Orleans , Louisiana on June 27 , 2017 , at the age of 50 . They had been diagnosed with inoperable colon cancer the previous year , and the Afghan Whigs organized two shows ( one in Los Angeles , the other in New Orleans ) to raise money for their medical bills . Performers at the New Orleans show included the Whigs , Mark Lanegan , Ani DiFranco , and Morning 40 Federation .
References
2017 deaths
The Afghan Whigs members
Musicians from Gadsden , Alabama
American rock guitarists
Musicians from New Orleans
Deaths from colorectal cancer
Guitarists from Alabama
Kaum Ibu ( Women 's Group ) is a women 's rights organisation in the Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands . In 2001 and 2004 the group was part of consultations on transport and regional services , led by the Government of Australia 's Joint Standing Committee on the National Capital and External Territories . The chairperson of the organisation is Danie Olbio .
References
Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands society
Women 's rights organizations
The 1964 Greenwich Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Greenwich London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council .
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough . Previously elections had taken place in the Metropolitan Borough of Greenwich and Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich . These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Greenwich by the London Government Act 1963 .
A total of 140 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 27 wards . These included a full slate from the Labour party , while the Conservative and Liberal parties stood 58 and 16 respectively . Other candidates included 6 from the Communist party . There were 21 two-seat wards and 6 three-seat wards .
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors . Labour got 9 aldermen and the Conservatives 1 .
The Council was elected in 1964 as a `` shadow authority '' but did not start operations until 1 April 1965 .
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council with a majority of 38 after winning 49 of the 60 seats . Overall turnout in the election was 36.0 % . This turnout included 1,018 postal votes .
Ward results
References
1964
Greenwich
Greenwich London Borough Council election
Kosse or Cosse was a quarter of western Königsberg , Germany . Its territory is now part of the Tsentralny District of Kaliningrad , Russia .
Kosse was originally a fishing village under the control of Altstadt on the northern shore of the lower Pregel . It was bordered to the northwest by Ratshof , to the north by Mittelhufen , and to the east by Laak , Lizent , and the 17th century Königsberg fortifications . Peter the Great of Russia stayed overnight at the inn of Kosse in 1712 . By 1804 it contained a modest Gasthaus visited by the city 's upper class .
Kosse began to develop into an industrial district at the beginning of the 20th century , and in 1905 was incorporated into the city of Königsberg . The city 's gasworks was moved from Hintere Vorstadt to Kosse in 1902 , while the new power station opened in Kosse in 1907 ; both facilities were constructed through the initiative of city construction councillor Ferdinand Krieger . Norddeutsche Zellulose A.G. , a cellulose factory , was constructed from 1906 to 1907 . A large street car depot also opened in Kosse in 1907 , while a cold storage warehouse was completed in 1914 . Just east of Kosse was the train station Bahnhof Holländerbaum , opened in 1929 .
References
Former subdivisions of Königsberg
Sitamarhi-Bhitthamore Road is a section of the National Highway 104 ( India ) . It is also a part of the Ram-Janki Path ( Ramayan circuit ) . This road is important for religious reasons as it connects via Bhitthamore ( India ) to Janakpur which houses a 200-years-old Janki Temple with Sitamarhi—considered to be the birthplace of Goddess Sita . It is the lifeline road for the local towns and villages residing near the Indo-Nepal border . This road keeps on making headlines of news due to the floods & international border sharing with Nepal .
References
Roads in India
National Highways in Bihar
Flavones ( from Latin flavus `` yellow '' ) are a class of flavonoids based on the backbone of 2-phenylchromen-4-one ( 2-phenyl-1-benzopyran-4-one ) ( as shown in the first image of this article ) .
Flavones are common in foods , mainly from spices , and some yellow or orange fruits and vegetables . Common flavones include apigenin ( 4',5,7-trihydroxyflavone ) , luteolin ( 3',4',5,7-tetrahydroxyflavone ) , tangeritin ( 4',5,6,7,8-pentamethoxyflavone ) , chrysin ( 5,7-dihydroxyflavone ) , and 6-hydroxyflavone .
Intake and elimination
The estimated daily intake of flavones is about 2 mg per day . Following ingestion and metabolism , flavones , other polyphenols , and their metabolites are absorbed poorly in body organs and are rapidly excreted in the urine , indicating mechanisms influencing their presumed absence of metabolic roles in the body .
Drug interactions
Flavones have effects on CYP ( P450 ) activity , which are enzymes that metabolize most drugs in the body .
Biosynthesis
The biosynthesis of flavones proceeds from the phenylpropanoid pathway , which uses L-phenylalanine as a starting point . Phenylalanine ammonia lyase facilitates the deamination of L-phenylalanine to ( E ) -cinnamate , which is then oxidized by cinnamate 4-hydroxylase to yield p-Coumaric acid . Coenzyme A is attached to the carboxylate facilitated by 4-Coumarate-CoA ligase , forming ( Coumaroyl-CoA ) . A chalcone synthase then facilitates a series of condensation reactions in the presence of 3 malonyl CoA ending with a ring-forming Claisen condensation yielding a chalcone ( naringenin chalcone is shown ) , which is subsequently isomerized by chalcone isomerase resulting in a flavanone ( naringenin is shown ) . It is at this point that the flavanone can undergo further modifications ( such as glycosylation or methylation at the various points of the backbone . The subsequent modified flavanones are then transformed into flavones by flavone synthase , which generates a double bond between the C-2 and C-3 positions ( the synthesis of apigenin is shown ) .
Organic chemistry
In organic chemistry several methods exist for the synthesis of flavones :
Allan–Robinson reaction
Auwers synthesis
Baker–Venkataraman rearrangement
Algar–Flynn–Oyamada reaction
Another method is the dehydrative cyclization of certain 1,3-diaryl diketones .
Wessely–Moser rearrangement
The Wessely–Moser rearrangement ( 1930 ) has been an important tool in structure elucidation of flavonoids . It involves the conversion of 5,7,8-trimethoxyflavone into 5,6,7-trihydroxyflavone on hydrolysis of the methoxy groups to phenol groups . It also has synthetic potential for example :
This rearrangement reaction takes place in several steps : A ring opening to the diketone , B bond rotation with formation of a favorable acetylacetone-like phenyl-ketone interaction and C hydrolysis of two methoxy groups and ring closure .
Common flavones
Research
In one preliminary 2021 study , flavone intake was associated with lower odds of subjective cognitive decline after adjustment for age , total energy intake , major nondietary factors , and specific dietary factors .
References
External links
Yarinskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 52 as of 2002 .
Geography
Yarinskaya is located 44 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Ilyinskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
John Stewart House may refer to :
John Stewart House ( Columbus , Georgia ) , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Muscogee County , Georgia
John Stewart Houses ( Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) , listed on the NRHP in Pennsylvania
John Stewart House ( Decatur , Tennessee ) , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Meigs County , Tennessee
See also
John Stuart House ( disambiguation )
Stewart House ( disambiguation )
Hallbergmoos is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany . The Isar River flows west of the town .
Economy
Augsburg Airways , a regional airline , was headquartered in Hallbergmoos until it ceased to exist . The headquarters of the Eurofighter GmbH , which co-ordinates the design , production and upgrade of the Eurofighter Typhoon , is located here .
When it existed , DBA ( Deutsche BA ) had its head office on the grounds of Munich International Airport and in Hallbergmoos .
Education
Hallbergmoos has a Grund- und Hauptschule , a combined general primary and secondary general school . The Volkshochschule Hallbergmoos provides adult education services .
The Hallbergmoos Library was established in 1985 .
Recreation
The Jugendzentrum Hallbergmoos provides recreational services for youth .
References
External links
Municipality of Hallbergmoos
Municipality of Hallbergmoos
Freising ( district )
Spicer City is an unincorporated community in Kern County , California . It is located south-southeast of Lost Hills , at an elevation of .
References
Unincorporated communities in Kern County , California
Unincorporated communities in California
Donald Stephen Pavletich ( July 13 , 1938 – March 5 , 2020 ) was an American professional baseball player . They were a catcher and first baseman for the Cincinnati Redlegs / Reds ( 1957 , 1959 and 1962–68 ) , Chicago White Sox ( 1969 ) and Boston Red Sox ( 1970–71 ) .
Pavletich was a graduate of Nathan Hale High School in West Allis , Wisconsin and was signed as an amateur free agent in 1956 by the Reds .
Pavletich made their Major League debut at the young age of 18 on April 20 , 1957 , in a 5–4 loss to the Milwaukee Braves at County Stadium , grounding out as a pinch-hitter for Hal Jeffcoat against Ray Crone . It was their only Major League appearance and at-bat of the season , and they also made one hitless at bat in one appearance in the 1959 season .
Pavletich served in the U.S. Army from May 1957 to February 1959 .
Pavletich 's first Major League hit was in the first game of a doubleheader on April 29 , 1962 , in a 16–3 Reds loss to the St. Louis Cardinals . Replacing Reds catcher Johnny Edwards midway through the fourth inning , in the next inning Pavletich singled off the Cardinals ' Larry Jackson .
Pavletich spent much of their career with the Reds as a backup catcher to all-stars Ed Bailey , Johnny Edwards and Baseball Hall of Fame legend Johnny Bench .
Pavletich was part of a ten-player trade that sent him , George Scott , Jim Lonborg , Ken Brett , Billy Conigliaro and Joe Lahoud from the Boston Red Sox to the Milwaukee Brewers for Tommy Harper , Marty Pattin , Lew Krausse and minor-league outfielder Pat Skrable on October 10 , 1971 .
In 12 Major League seasons Pavletich played in 536 games with 1,373 at bats , 163 runs , 349 hits , 46 home runs , 193 RBI and a .254 batting average . They recorded an overall .987 fielding percentage .
Pavletich died at the age of 81 on March 5 , 2020 , and was interred in Wisconsin Memorial Park , Brookfield , Waukesha County , Wisconsin .
References
External links
Baseball Almanac
BR Bullpen Biography
Venezuelan Professional Baseball League
1938 births
2020 deaths
Baseball players from Milwaukee
Boston Red Sox players
Chicago White Sox players
Cincinnati Redlegs players
Cincinnati Reds players
Columbia Reds players
Indianapolis Indians players
Leones del Caracas players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Major League Baseball catchers
Major League Baseball first basemen
San Diego Padres ( minor league ) players
Topeka Hawks players
Topeka Reds players
Saaleck is a village in the former municipality of Bad Kösen , since 2010 part of the town of Naumburg in the district of Burgenlandkreis in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt .
The castles Saaleck and Rudelsburg next to the village have been proposed by Germany for inscription in the List of World Heritage . The World Heritage nomination Naumburg Cathedral and the High Medieval Cultural Landscape of the Rivers Saale and Unstrut is representative for the processes that shaped the continent during the High Middle Ages between 1000 and 1300 : Christianization , the so-called “ Landesausbau ” and the dynamics of cultural exchange and transfer characteristic for this very period .
Location
The village of Saaleck lies about 4 kilometres west ( and upstream ) of Bad Kösen . The village is managed by the town Naumburg , some 14 kilometres away , and has a population of roughly 300 . Above the village is Saaleck Castle and the castle of Rudelsburg . The River Saale flows past the settlement and gives its name to the village because , at this point in the Saale valley , it turns a corner ( Ecke ) . Saaleck is surrounded by rocky slopes about 80 metres high . The castles Saaleck and Rudelsburg are situated in Saxony-Anhalt at the heart of Germany .
History
The castles of Rudelsburg and Saaleck are situated in the immediate vicinity with each other . These castles were built to secure the assets within the territory .
Rudelsburg castle was owned by the bishops of Naumburg while Saaleck castle was founded by the Schenken von Saaleck , a noble family dependent on the Landgraves of Thuringia .
By directly facing each other , the castles of Saaleck and Rudelsburg are symbols of the rivalry among the regional competing powers in the High Middle Ages . Both castles served as strategic outposts above the nearby fords to collect taxes and rights along the Via Regia and the main trade routes that added to the wealth of the region in the 12th century .
Rudelsburg
Rudelsburg Castle was constructed around 1170 during the term of Bishop Udo II of Naumburg ( 1161 – 1186 ) . In 1238 , Bishop Engelhard ( 1206 – 1242 ) gave the castle ( castrum et oppidum ) to Margrave Henry of Meissen ( 1221 – 1288 ) as a fief . It marked the border of the realm of the Naumburg bishops .
Rudelsburg Castle is a two-part complex comprising a small inner bailey in the west and a large-area outer bailey stretching over the entire plateau . Directly behind the gate there is a square-shaped Romanesque castle keep . This type of castle keep is rarely to be found . The square-shaped castle keeps from the 12th century with battlements measures 20 metres and is the symbol of the castle , which can be seen from afar .
Saaleck
The ruins of Saaleck Castle rest on a low tongue of a range of hills about 65 metres above the Saale River , which is flowing around three of its sides . The surviving structures suggest that the castle was erected in the late 12th and early 13th century .
The small , two-part castle complex was limited in size also by the natural characteristics of the terrain . It used to be composed of an upper castle ( inner bailey ) and a lower castle ( outer bailey ) . Local shell limestone was used as building material .
Today
The silhouette of the castles Saaleck and Rudelsburg in very short distance to another has become one of the most prominent emblems of the reception of the Middle Ages since the period of Romanticism .
See also
World Heritage Convention
World Heritage Site
World Heritage Committee
High Middle Ages
Cultural Landscape
References
Notes
External links
Video of the cultural landscape of Naumburg
: Category : Cultural heritage
: Category : Cultural studies
: Category : High Middle Ages
: Category : Landscape
: Category : Saxony-Anhalt
Burgenlandkreis
Former municipalities in Saxony-Anhalt
Naumburg ( Saale )
1147 establishments
Bharjari is a 2017 Indian Kannada-language masala film written and directed by Chethan Kumar . The film stars Dhruva Sarja , Rachita Ram and Haripriya . It also features Sudharani , Srinivasa Murthy and Sai Kumar in the supporting roles . The movie completed 100 days in one theater of its theatrical run and was blockbuster at the box office .
Plot
Surya , an orphan youth get a chance to join military . But they decide to help a girl and their family . In the process they will learn about their biological parents and their grandparents . How they will reconcile with their family and the hurdles they face forms the story .
Cast
Dhruva Sarja as Surya Rudraprathap
Rachita Ram as Gowri
Haripriya as Haasini
Vaishali Deepak as Lakshmi
Sudha Rani
Tara
Srinivasa Murthy
Sai Kumar
Bharath Gowda
Avinash
Raghav Uday
Rangayana Raghu
Anil Kumar
Jai Jagadish
Kuri Prathap
Sadhu Kokila
Raju Thalikote
Suchendra Prasad
Sangeetha
Chiranjeevi Sarja as a soldier ( Cameo appearance )
Sumithra
Jahangir M. S .
Raj Deepak Shetty
Arasu Maharaj
Madhugiri Prakash
Ashok Sharma
Narayana Swamy
Veena Ponnappa
Yamuna murthy
Malathi Shekhar
Shruthi raj
Suresh Rai
Petrol Prasanna
Patre Nagaraj
Lakshman Rao
Production
Bharjari was announced in April 2015 with Chethan Kumar directing it and writing its screenplay , and produced by R. Srinivas and Sreekanth K. P. under the production house RS Productions . Dhruva Sarja and was signed to play the male lead in the film . Sooraj S is signing to play antagonist role . Sarja had previously collaborated with the team in Bahaddur ( 2014 ) . Rachita Ram 's signing to play the female lead and supporting role by Tara Anuradha was confirmed in the same month . Sudharani also joined the cast to play an important supporting role .
The muhurat shot was taken on 12 June and filming began on 25 June 2015 . Prior to it , in line with promoting the film , a first look teaser was released by the makers on YouTube in the form typography on 11 June . Calling it a 'look test ' , the director said it was a first in Kannada cinema .
Soundtrack
The original soundtrack for the film is composed by V. Harikrishna .
References
External links
2017 films
2010s Kannada-language films
2017 action comedy films
Films scored by V. Harikrishna
2017 masala films
Films shot in Slovenia
Films shot in Bangalore
Films directed by Chethan Kumar
