RepTrak ( formerly known as Reputation Institute ) is a company that publishes reports on the reputation of corporations and places , based on consumer surveys and media coverage . It is headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts .
History
In 1999 , Charles Fombrun , a professor at New York University Stern School of Business , and Cees van Riel , a professor at Rotterdam School of Management , founded Reputation Institute .
In early 2020 , the company changed its name to RepTrak .
A complete history of the company from Reputation Institute to The RepTrak Company is available in Charles Fombrun second edition of `` Reputation : Realizing Value from the Corporate Image ''
Reputation Measurement Tool - RepTrak
In collaboration with Harris Interactive , Reputation Institute developed Reputation Quotient ( RQ ) in 1999 . In 2005 , Reputation Institute developed the RepTrak model to replace RQ . As of 2016 , RepTrak studies are conducted annually . RepTrak analyzes corporate reputation using measures in seven dimensions : `` products and services , '' `` innovation , '' `` workplace , '' `` governance , '' `` citizenship , '' `` leadership , '' and `` performance . ''
The RepTrak measure model was peer reviewed in two academic papers :
Fombrun , Ponzi , Newburry 2015 . Stakeholder Tracking and Analysis : The RepTrak® System for Measuring Corporate Reputation . Accepted . Journal of Corporate Reputation Review
Ponzi , Fombrun , Gardberg . 2011 . RepTrak Pulse : Conceptualizing and Validating a Short-Form Measure of Corporate Reputation . Journal of Corporate Reputation Review
The company also publishes Country RepTrak which ranks the reputations of nations using three criteria : `` appealing environment , '' `` advanced economy , '' and `` effective government . ''
References
External links
1999 establishments in New York ( state )
Companies based in Boston
Research institutes established in 1999
Research institutes in Massachusetts
Canterbury District Soccer Football Association is a governing body and football ( soccer ) competition located in the Canterbury suburbs of Sydney . Its administrative headquarters are located at Pratten Park Bowls , Ashfield , New South Wales . All competitions and football activity is under control of Football New South Wales . The District Association consists of ten all ages competitions which corresponds to tier six to fifteen on the Australian soccer pyramid . Clubs are located in the Burwood , Canada Bay , Canterbury-Bankstown , Inner West and Strathfield local council areas .
History
Canterbury Districts Soccer Football Association was founded in 1922 ; the first year of competition was 1923 .
Teams and structure
Tiers
As of 2013 , the Canterbury Districts Premier League and Premier League Reserves competitions have been scrapped to align with the national curriculum overhaul which included the introduction of the National Premier Leagues . The Canterbury Districts highest all ages competition sits on the sixth tier of the Australian soccer league system . There are a total of 12 all age divisions .
Leagues
Canterbury District Soccer Football Association is responsible for overseeing all men 's , women 's and junior 's competitions as well as small sided competitions .
Teams
Teams competing across all tiers and divisions are made up from these clubs :
Abbotsford Football Club
Ashfield Pirates Football Club
Australian National Sports Club
Balmain & District Football Club
Belmore Eagles Football Club
Belmore United Football Club
Burwood Football Club ( Owned by a Brazilian Freak Football Player )
Canterbury Football Club
Concord Soccer Club
Cooks River Titans Football Club
Earlwood Wanderers Football Club
Enfield Rovers Soccer Club
Football Club Five Docks
Fraser Park Football Club
Hurlstone Park Wanderers Football Club
Inter Lions Soccer Club
Lakemba Sports and recreational Club
Leichhardt Saints Football Club
APIA Leichhardt Tigers Football Club
Marrickville Football Club
Roseland Raptors Football Club
Stanmore Hawks Football Club
Strathfield Football Club
Sydney Uni Soccer Football Club
Russell Lea Women 's Soccer Club
Clubs may field more than one team per all ages division and may also not participate in each division
Premiers
Premier League
2002 : Belmore Eagles A
2003 : Australian National Sports Club
2004 : Abbotsford FC
2006 : Concord
2007 : Concord
2011 : Enfield
2012 : Enfield ( def . Inter Lions 6–1 in grand final )
Premier League Reserves
2002 : Marrickville B
2003 : Marrickville
2004 : Inter Lions
2006 : Inter Lions
2007 : Concord
2012 : Enfield ( def . Inter Lions 1–0 in grand final )
All-ages
State Cup winners
Teams have represented the Canterbury District at State Cup tournaments since its foundation in 1957 . Hurlstone Park Wanderers managed to win the U-21s foundation title that year .
Club has dissolved
Glebe is no longer a part of the Canterbury Districts Soccer Football Association
References
External links
Canterbury District Soccer Football Association Official Website
Soccer leagues in New South Wales
South
1923 establishments in Australia
Sports organizations established in 1923
Magnus Fredriksen ( born 24 May 1997 ) is a Norwegian handball player for HSG Wetzlar and the Norwegian national team .
They made their debut for the Norwegian national team in April 2018 , and was selected for the extended squad for the 2019 World Men 's Handball Championship .
References
1997 births
Living people
Norwegian male handball players
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Eberhard Alfred Konrad Karl von Hofacker ( 25 June 1861 , in Hemmingen – 19 January 1928 , in Tübingen ) was a Württemberg army officer who was a Generalleutnant in the First World War and awarded the Pour le Mérite with oak leaves .
Early life and military career
On 29 September 1879 they joined the 25th ( 1st Württemberg ) Dragoons `` Queen Olga '' in Ludwigsburg as an Officer Cadet . On 10 May 1880 they were appointed ensign , and on 6 February 1881 they were promoted to second lieutenant . From 28 March 1886 , they served as regimental adjutant and was in this position on 18 December 1888 when promoted to first lieutenant . From 21 July 1891 to 11 September 1894 , they were assigned to the Prussian Military Academy . This was followed by appointment as squadron commander with the 25th Dragoons and promotion to captain on 12 September 1894 . In 1898 , Hofacker was adjutant to the 26th Division ( 1st Royal Württemberg ) . From 16 December 1899 to 17 October 1901 they served on the General Staff in Berlin with promotion in May 1901 to major . They were then First General Staff Officer in the General Staff of the 21st Division , from 27 January 1903 in the same role at the 26th Division , and from 27 April 1904 likewise with the XIII ( Royal Württemberg ) Corps . On 21 June 1906 they were promoted to lieutenant colonel as an aide of Kaiser Wilhelm II and the commander of the Palace Guard Company . Two years later they were named commander of the 20th ( 2nd Württemberg ) Uhlans `` King William I '' . On 7 September 1909 Hofacker was promoted to colonel . On 24 July 1910 they were promoted to Generalmajor and appointed as chief of staff of XVIII Army Corps . Their final peacetime appointment from 1 October 1912 was as commander of the 45th Cavalry Brigade in Saarlouis .
World War I
At the outbreak of the war , they were serving with the 45th Cavalry Brigade which , on mobilisation , was assigned to the 6th Cavalry Division on the Western Front . Subsequently , they were given command of the 4th Landwehr Division and from 15 December 1915 the 5th Cavalry Division on the Eastern Front in the Pripet marshes . From 13 August 1916 they commanded the 82nd Reserve Division and during this time was promoted to Generalleutnant ( 1 November ) . On 22 December 1916 they briefly took command of 22nd Reserve Division before transferring to command the 26th Division on 6 January 1917 . They led this division in the Battle of Arras and for their performance they were awarded the Pour le Mérite on 26 April 1917 .
They were transferred with their division to the Italian Front in September 1917 to help shore up the Austro-Hungarian Army ( as part of 51st Corps , 14th Army ) . During the Battle of Caporetto they took command of 51st Corps from 3 November when its previous commander , Generalleutnant Albert von Berrer , was killed in action . They were awarded the Oakleaves to the Pour le Mérite ( signifying a second award ) on 24 November 1917 .
On 23 January 1918 the 14th Army Command was recalled ( to form a new 17th Army on the Western Front ) . The German troops remaining on the Italian front came under the command of 51st Corps until it was also withdrawn in February 1918 . Back on the Western Front , they commanded 51st Corps in the Battle of Amiens in August 1918 .
Later life
From 23 August 1918 , Hofacker was put on active reserve status ( temporary retirement ) . After the war Hofacker was deputy director of the Württemberg military academy . They retired from active duty on 8 May 1919 .
Family
Eberhard von Hofacker was married to Albertine , Countess of Üxküll-Gyllenband . Their son Caesar von Hofacker was involved in the 20 July plot to kill Adolf Hitler .
Awards
Pour le Mérite with oak leaves
Pour le Mérite on 26 April 1917
Oak leaves on 24 November 1917
References
1861 births
1928 deaths
People from Ludwigsburg ( district )
People from the Kingdom of Württemberg
Lieutenant generals of Württemberg
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite ( military class )
Officers of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus
Recipients of the Iron Cross ( 1914 ) , 1st class
German Army generals of World War I
Military personnel from Baden-Württemberg
Night of the Stormcrow is a Big Finish Productions audiobook based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who . It is free to subscribers and released with 1001 Nights .
Plot
A mountainside observatory searches the skies for a vast and deadly creature .
Cast
Fourth Doctor – Tom Baker
Leela – Louise Jameson
Peggy Brooks – Chase Masterson
Professor Gesima Cazalet – Ann Bell
Trevor Gale – Jonathan Forbes
Erica MacMillan – Mandi Symonds
References
External links
Big Finish Productions
2012 audio plays
Fourth Doctor audio plays
Audio plays by Marc Platt
L'ombre du Z , written and drawn by Franquin with Greg and Jidéhem , is the sixteenth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series , and the second part of Franquin 's Zorglub diptych . The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine , before its release as a hardcover album in 1962 .
Story
As The Shadow of Z , begins , Spirou , Fantasio and the Count of Champignac return from Zorgland , to find the population of Champignac have been paralyzed by a `` zorglman '' they left behind sedated , the abducted police officer Jérôme , who awoke and went on a stunning spree . After the ordeal of pacifying the rogue zorglman and restoring the people of Champignac to normal , time passes until Zorglub 's sinister schemes again become evident . Without remorse ( despite the conscience-burdened act during the conclusion of Z comme Zorglub ) Zorglub continues to work for world domination from Palombia , with increased ambition , and allied with Fantasio 's evil nemesis cousin Zantafio .
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Franquin site album index
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1962 graphic novels
1962 in comics
Comics set in South America
Comics set in a fictional country
Works originally published in Spirou ( magazine )
Literature first published in serial form
Heydarabad ( , also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād ) is a village in Binalud Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 154 , in 28 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Daniel Half Human and the Good Nazi is a 2000 young adult literature novel by German author David Chotjewitz , translated into English by Doris Orgel . The first US edition was published in 2004 by Atheneum Books for Young Readers . The novel is set in Hamburg , Germany in flashback and forward between 1945 at the end of World War II and in the 1930s , during the rise of the Nazi party . It deals with the effects of antisemitism on two friends . It has been cited in 16 award lists , including as a Mildred L. Batchelder Honor Book .
References
Sources
2004 German novels
German children 's novels
Children 's historical novels
Novels about Nazi Germany
Novels about racism
Novels set in Germany
Novels set in the 1930s
Atheneum Books books
Talk About It is the fourth album by Christian singer-songwriter Nicole C. Mullen . The album includes the single and music video `` Call On Jesus . '' Mullen won a 2001 Dove award for Female Vocalist of the Year .
Track listing
Chart history
References
External links
2001 albums
Nicole C. Mullen albums
Word Records albums
Gönnersdorf is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler ( district )
Bryan John Dobzanski ( born August 31 , 1995 ) is an American baseball pitcher who is a free agent .
Amateur career
Dobzanski attended Delsea Regional High School in Franklinville , New Jersey , where they played baseball and wrestled . As a wrestler , they won two state titles and compiled a record of 155-8 for their high school career . In 2014 , their senior year , they went 3–0 with a 0.91 ERA and 68 strikeouts over 46 innings .
Professional career
Dobzanski was selected by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 29th round of the 2014 Major League Baseball draft . They signed with the Cardinals , forgoing their commitment to play college baseball at the University of Louisville . They made their professional debut that year with the Rookie-level Gulf Coast League Cardinals , going 2–1 with a 2.67 ERA over 27 innings . In 2015 , they pitched for the Johnson City Cardinals of the Rookie-level Appalachian League , compiling a 1–1 record and a 3.94 ERA over 16 innings , and in 2016 , they played with the State College Spikes of the Class A Short Season New York–Penn League , going 4–6 with a 3.93 ERA over 14 games ( 13 starts ) , striking out 37 batters over 71 innings . In 2017 , they spent the season with the Peoria Chiefs of the Class A Midwest League , going 2–5 with a 3.70 ERA over 31 games ( 12 starts ) ; they were moved from the starting rotation to the bullpen midway through the year . They began the 2018 season back with Peoria ( with whom they were named an All-Star ) before being promoted to the Palm Beach Cardinals of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League in July . Over 42 relief appearances between the two clubs , they compiled an 8–4 record with a 2.41 ERA . In 2019 , they split time with Palm Beach ( earning Florida State League All-Star honors ) , the Springfield Cardinals of the Class AA Texas League , and the Memphis Redbirds of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League ; over 57 relief innings pitched between the three teams , they went 3–3 with a 2.84 ERA and 66 strikeouts .
Dobzanski did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic . On November 2 , 2020 , they elected free agency . On January 12 , 2021 , they signed a minor league contract with the Washington Nationals organization . For the 2021 season , they were assigned to the Harrisburg Senators of the Double-A Northeast with whom they went 1-1 with a 3.47 ERA and 46 strikeouts over innings . They elected free agency on November 7 , 2021 .
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Baseball players from New Jersey
Baseball pitchers
Minor league baseball players
Gulf Coast Cardinals players
Johnson City Cardinals players
State College Spikes players
Peoria Chiefs players
Palm Beach Cardinals players
Springfield Cardinals players
Memphis Redbirds players
Harrisburg Senators players
People from Franklin Township , Gloucester County , New Jersey
Sportspeople from Gloucester County , New Jersey
Kolijan Rostaq ( ) may refer to :
Kolijan Rostaq District
Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District
Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District
Marcel Wüst ( born 6 August 1967 ) is a German former road bicycle racer . They won stages in all of the three Grand Tours ; twelve stages in the Vuelta a España , one stage in the Tour de France and a stage in the Giro d'Italia .
In 2000 , a crash left them without sight in one eye and prematurely ended their professional career . In 2002 and 2003 , Wüst worked as a team manager for Team Coast . They also had a career as an analyst in broadcasting until 2008 .
Early life and family
Wüst was born in Cologne . They got their first taste for cycling when their family visited the 1973 Tour de France during vacation in France . They received their first racing bike at the age of ten , in 1977 , before joining the local cycling club a year later . In 1984 , Wüst won the opening stage of a stage race in Luxembourg . Three years later , they and fellow Cologne-based cyclist Heike Gasel became a couple . They married in January 1990 . The two have a son , Alexander , who was born in 1998 . Wüst spends three months a year in their elected second home , Noosa , Australia , while remaining a resident of their native Cologne .
Cycling career
In mid-1988 , Wüst turned professional with the French RMO team , taking part in that year 's edition of Paris–Tours , where they won the first intermediate sprint . Their first victory in the professional field came at the Ronde des Pyrenees in 1989 . In 1990 , they won three races and took part in their first Grand Tour , the Giro d'Italia . The following year , they started the Vuelta a España , but was forced to retire with intestinal problems after having held the point leader 's jersey for a while . In 1992 , they rode their first Tour de France , but retired with a broken collarbone on the first stage in San Sebastián . This gave them the unfortunate honour of being the first rider in the history of the race not to reach French soil .
For 1993 , Wüst moved to the French team Novemail–Histor . Disillusioned with the lack of professionalism in the squad , they left for the Le Groupement team in 1995 , only for the team to fold for financial reasons . They switched over to the Spanish Castellblanch team and started in the Vuelta a España , where they won three stages . They remained with the team for 1996 , winning a stage in the Volta a Catalunya and two in the Tour DuPont . However , differences of opinion with the team 's management led to Wüst signing with Festina for 1997 .
With their new team , they won a stage at the 1997 Giro d'Italia and three stages of the 1997 Vuelta a España . A year later , with the team still embroiled in the Festina affair , Wüst again took two stage wins during that year 's Vuelta a España . They were set to compete in the 1999 Tour de France , but a broken collarbone in a pre-Tour criterium race ruled them out . Instead , they once more started the Vuelta a España , this time taking four stage wins .
Even with their frequent victories , Wüst remained largely anonymous in their native Germany because they were riding for foreign squads as opposed to the popular Team Telekom . They moved into the public eye in 2000 , when they started their second-ever Tour de France . The race began with an individual time trial at Futuroscope , which included a categorized climb . Wüst chose to go specifically for the point available for the fastest up the climb and managed to pull over the polka-dot jersey for the best climber at the end of the day , wearing it for the first days of the Tour . On stage five , they beat out their sprinting rivals to take the victory at Vitré . They eventually abandoned the Tour nine stages from the finish in Paris due to a bronchitis .
After the Tour , on 11 August 2000 , Wüst took part in the Criterium d'Issoire to prepare for the upcoming Vuelta a España . Here , they collided with Jean-Michel Thilloy while competing for an intermediate sprint at . Upon impact , they hit a sharp object , presumably the foot of a road barrier , head-on . They suffered severe injuries to their head , especially their right eye socket . They were treated in a clinic in Clermont-Ferrand and was soon out of mortal danger , but lost sight in their right eye . Their team honoured their existing contract into 2001 , but with their vision severely impaired , Wüst decided to retire from professional cycling .
Doping allegations
Following the Festina affair , which uncovered widespread use of doping on their team , Wüst was rumoured to have been using performance-enhancing drugs as well . They repeatedly denied these accusations . However , when Willy Voet , the team 's soigneur , released a book about the affair in 1999 , printed diary entries suggested that Wüst had injected erythropoietin ( EPO ) six times in January and February 1997 . In their defence , Wüst pointed to their hematocrit level from mid-January of that year , which showed a level of 43.3 , well below values usually considered an indication of EPO use .
Post-cycling career
After their retirement , Wüst joined Team Coast as a directeur sportif . When the team folded in mid-2003 for financial problems after the signing of Jan Ullrich , they did not join the subsequent Team Bianchi , founded from the remainders of Coast . They worked as an analyst during cycling coverage for German TV station ARD . In this position , they were fired by ARD in 2007 , after the broadcaster decided not to use former cyclists in their coverage in the wake of doping revelations at the Telekom team . They returned in 2008 , but ARD decided not to continue its broadcast of the Tour de France after that year . On 1 April 2017 , Wüst was elected into the office of vice-president , responsible for marketing and communication , of the Bund Deutscher Radfahrer , the German cycling federation .
Major results
Sources :
1986
1st National Junior Road race Championship
1988
1st Grand Prix de Waregem
1st Stage 3 Tour du Loir et Cher Am
1st Stage 7 Giro della Valle d'Aosta
8th GP de la Ville de Rennes
1989
1st Tour de Midi-Pyrenees
1st Stage 3a Tour de Picardie
1st Stage 4b Circuit de la Sarthe
3rd Brussels Cycling Classic
4th Cholet-Pays de la Loire
8th Paris–Tours
8th ( TTT ) Grand Prix de la Libération
10th Overall Route Adélie
1990
1st Stage 2 Circuit de la Sarthe
1st Stage 2b Paris–Bourges
1st Stage 6 ( ITT ) Vuelta a Burgos
1991
1st Stages 1 & 3 La Route du Sud
1st Stage 3 Tour Poitou-Charentes en Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Herald Sun Tour
1st Sprint classification
1st Stages 1 , 11 & 14
1st Stages 6 & 8 Audax Alpine Classic
5th E3 Prijs Vlaanderen
5th Rund um Köln
6th Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne
1992
1st Stages 1 , 3 , 4 & 6 La Route du Sud
1st Stage 5 Grand Prix du Midi Libre
1st Stages 4a , 6a & 10 Herald Sun Tour
1st Stages 1 , 5 & 8 Audax Alpine Classic
1st Points classification Classic Brugge–De Panne
2nd Grand Prix du Morbihan
6th Grand Prix de Denain
10th Overall Tour de l'Avenir
1st Points classification
1st Stage 1
10th Dwars door België
1993
1st Grand Prix de Denain
1st Grand Prix de Plumelec-Morbihan
1st Stage 2 Volta a Catalunya
1st Stage 2 Vuelta a Burgos
Herald Sun Tour
1st Mountain classification
1st Points classification
1st Stages 3 & 7b
1st Sprint classification Vuelta a Murcia
2nd Binche–Chimay–Binche
3rd Rund um Köln
5th Paris-Camembert
7th Tour de Vendée
1994
1st Stage 1 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré
1st Sprint classification Vuelta a Murcia
3rd Overall Herald Sun Tour
1st Points classification
1st Stage 1
1995
1st Stages 4 , 14 , 21 Vuelta a España
1st Stage 2 Quatre Jours de l'Aisne
1st Stage 6 Clásico RCN
Herald Sun Tour
1st Mountain classification
1st Stage 7
1996
1st Stages 3a & 11 Tour DuPont
1st Stage 4 Vuelta a Castilla y León
Volta a Catalunya
1st Points classification
1st Stage 7
Vuelta Ciclista a La Rioja
1st Points classification
1st Sprints classification
1st Stages 1a & 3
1997
1st Stages 2 , 3 & 5 Vuelta a España
1st Stage 7 Giro d'Italia
1st Stage 4 La Route du Sud
Vuelta a Burgos
1st Points classification
1st Stage 5
7th Hennesee Rundfahrt
8th Grand Prix de Denain
10th Vuelta a Mallorca
1998
1st Stages 14 & 17 Vuelta a España
1st Stage 2 Circuit de la Sarthe
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a Burgos
1st Circuito de Getxo
3rd Overall Vuelta Ciclista de Chile
1st Stages 1 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 10 & 11
4th Clásica de Almería
1999
Vuelta a España
1st Stages 2 , 3 , 4 & 7
Held After stages 3 & 4
Held After stages 3–16
1st Stage 1 Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme
Vuelta a Aragón
1st Points classification
1st Stages 2 & 5
1st Stage 4 Tour of Galicia
1st Stage 5 Vuelta a Burgos
1st Stages 10 & 14 Commonwealth Classic
5th Trofeo Luis Puig
2000
1st Stage 5 Tour de France
1st Stages 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 Circuit de la Sarthe
1st Stage 6 Deutschland Tour
1st Stage 1 Vuelta a Aragón
2nd Grand Prix de Rennes
5th Trofeo Palma
9th Philadelphia International Cycling Classic
Grand Tour results timeline
References
External links
Book Review : Marcel Wüst – Sprinter Years
1967 births
German male cyclists
Living people
German Tour de France stage winners
German Vuelta a España stage winners
German Giro d'Italia stage winners
Cyclists from Cologne
Vuelta Ciclista de Chile stage winners
Riedenburg ( ) is a town in the district of Kelheim , in Bavaria , Germany . It is situated on the river Altmühl , northwest of Kelheim and northeast of Ingolstadt . Prunn Castle ( de ) is located in Riedenburg .
The town is on the Rhine–Main–Danube Canal .
On the evening of 5 June 2019 , a Viking ship , initially said to be the Viking Var , damaged the lock of Riedenburg , on the canal . After the impact , the lock could not be properly closed . No one was injured in the accident . The repair was expected to take two to three weeks to complete . Later reports indicated the vessel involved in that incident was actually the Viking Tir . The site Vessel Tracker stated that this ship returned to Regensburg a few hours later and remained there ; its records indicate that the Tir did not continue on to Budapest until 13 June .
References
The Rohilla Dynasty is an Indo-Afghan dynasty of Arab origin that ruled over much of North-West South Asia in the form of Rohilkhand , Kumaon , and later until 1947 , the Princely State of Rampur . At the height of their power the dynasty jointly ruled over the Kingdom of Rohilkhand and the Kingdom of Kumaon , held suzairnty over the Kingdom of Garhwhal , and held the Imperial viceroyalty of Punjab an area comparable in size to Germany , Denmark and Austria . The head of the dynasty in the form of the Nawab of Rohilkhand , held several Kings subservient to himself , and is sometimes referred to as the Indo-Afghan Emperor while their domains are referred to as the Indo-Afghan Empire . Though nominally under the suzernaity of the Indian Emperors , with their borders reaching the edge of Delhi and Agra , the dynasty had almost complete control over the affairs of the Indian Emperors . The Dynasty is a senior branch of the ancient Barha Dynasty , which itself is best known for being de facto rulers over much of South Asia at the start of the 18th Century , as well as being agnates to the 15th Century Emperors of India .
History
The dynasty rose to prominence with the first Nawab of Rohilkhand , Nawab Ali Mohammad Khan . It is a branch of one of the influential Barha Dynasties best known as de facto rulers of South Asia in the early 18th Century and agnates of the 15th Century Emperors of India .
The dynasty descends in the male line from the fourth Rashidun Caliph , Ali , through their younger son Hussain who married Shahrbanu , themselves a daughter of the Sassanian Emperor of Persia , Yazdegard III . Due to Ali 's status as an Adnanite , the dynasty can trace its ancestry to the Biblical Prophet Abraham through their eldest son Ishmael .
As a boy , Ali Muhammad Khan was adopted by the chief of the Barech Tribe , Sardar Daud Khan Rohilla . The term Rohilla refers to Pashtun settlers of India and was adopted by the family in consequence to their election as chiefs of the Rohilla .
They were a member of the Barha Dynasty by birth .
The Barha dynasty arrived from Arabia , where constant rebellions against various Caliphs had led to heavy persecution . Barha dynasty founder Abul Farah al Wasti and their four sons entered the military service of Sultan Muhammad of Ghor and received twelve fiefdoms in Punjab , then a part of the Ghor Empire , as a reward . Thus the dynasty became quickly established as Nobles of the Sword in ancient India , a status they held under several different empires . They held a particularly high status under the Sultanate of Delhi . The Chief of the Barha , who was also the Diwan of the empire , was granted the fiefdom of Saharanpur due to their relationship with the imperial family . They also enjoyed prominent positions under the reign of the Sur . They eventually defected during the last days in the reign of Sikander Sur of the Sur Empire , to Emperor Akbar of the Mughal Empire in the course of the siege of Mankot .
The Barha dynasty , with the Rohilla branch , maintains a unique status as the only dynasty to participate in all three Battles of Panipat , seminal battles that shaped Indian History . They fought under the Lodi in the First Battle . In the Second Battle they gained victory under Bairam Khan , and finally in the Third Battle , the sons of Nawab Ali Muhammad Khan Rohilla fought with Ahmed Shah Abidali against the Maratha .
By the time of Emperor Aurangzeb , the Barha dynasty was firmly regarded as `` Old Nobility '' and held the premier realms of Ajmer and Dakhin , which were usually reserved for members of the Imperial Family .
Formation
Ali Mohammed Khan attracted many Afghan adventurers by virtue of their great reputation and became the most powerful man in Katehir . Conscious of their own power and the failing state of the Mughal Empire , they neglected Imperial mandates and irregularly paid tax to the central government . Using the income from their lands to raise troops , purchase artillery and military stores and curry favour with political persons of interest . They used the same tactic to gain favour with the lower rungs of society . By their invasion of Nadir Shah in 1739 they strengthened their position with many Afghans joining him . By 1740 they were officially recognised by the Emperor Muhammad Shah as governor . For the subsequent five years , their authority was unchallenged .
In 1745 a quarrel arose between Ali Mohammed and Safdar Jang the Subedar of Oudh . Ali 's retainers seized the property of servants belonging to Safdar . Safdar was already jealous at Ali 's growing power . They went to Emperor Muhammad Shah , and through them ordered the return of the confiscated property as well as the arrest of the Rohillas in charge of the confiscation . After Ali 's refusal , Safdar led an Imperial expedition together with the Emperor . Ali 's men deserted and they were captured and taken to Delhi .
They were treated respectfully by the Emperor , in large part due to their influence among their many adherents . Ali was propitiated by an appointment as Governor of Sirhind ( the area between Jummuna and Sutlej ) .
In 1748 an invasion by Ahmed Shah Abidali allowed Ali the opportunity to return to Katehir and re-establish their rule . Upon their return , they were rejoined by most of their men and became virtually independent in their control of Rohilkhand . To ensure loyalty almost all positions of power were given to Afghan and several including Najib-ad-daula received land grants .
Second generation
On their deathbed , Ali Mohammad anointed their foster uncle Rehmat Khan as `` Hafiz '' ( protector ) of Rohilkhand and Dundi Khan as Chief of Army . They had already planned the division of their realm among their sons and received Rehmat Khan and Dundi Khan 's solemn oaths that they would execute their will and protect the interests of their children . A council was created of the Rohilla Chiefs in part to keep a check on Rehmat Khan and Dundi Khan and to provide a government that would safeguard Rohilkhand from invasion . All carried out solemn promises to carry out their duty , but they all reneged and sought to establish their own autonomy . This led to a confederation-like structure of government with the Nawab of Rohilkhand at its head and the Rohilla Chiefs in charge of individual Rohilla States answering to them especially in regards to military engagements .
Ali 's realm was divided in such a way so as to create discord . Nawab Abdullah Khan and Nawab Murtaza Khan were given shared rule over Badaun . Nawab Alah Yar Khan and Nawab Saadullah Khan were given shared rule over Moradabad , Nawab Faizullah Khan was given rule over Rampur and Nawab Muhammad Yar Khan was given rule over Barielly . In 1754 Hafiz Rehmat Khan orchestrated an argument within the royal family and used it as a pretext to usurp the power and wealth of the orphans . Disgusted , Muhammad Yar Khan along with their older brother Abdullah Khan and younger brother Allah Yar Khan left for Oojanee . Nawab Alah Yar Khan died of consumption , Nawab Murtaza Khan left for Secunderabad where they died . Nawab Saadullah Khan was appointed Nawab of Rohilkhand . Later , Nawab Abdullah Khan and Nawab Muhammad Yar Khan were granted land again . Nawab Muhammad Yar Khan was given rule over Aonla and their court at Tandah was famed for poets such as Qaim and Mushafi .
Relations with the British
The dynasty was highly regarded by the British for their `` determined bravery '' . The Rohilla Wars were the most costly for the British against any Indian Kingdom . The ensuing guerrilla war forced the British to grant the Rohillas a Princely State wheresoever they willed , leading to the creation of Rampur . Their bravery , tolerance and progressive rule gained them admiration . They were called upon by the British for aid in the Anglo-French Wars . Burke described the Rohillas as `` the bravest , the most honourable and generous '' and the Nawab of Rampur became the first Indian Sovereign to meet Queen Victoria along with several other European Monarchs .
References
Dynasties of India
Donald D. Lorenzen ( January 22 , 1920 – May 1980 ) was a San Fernando Valley funeral director who was a member of the Los Angeles City Council from 1969 to 1977 .
Biography
Lorenzen was born on January 22 , 1920 , in Elgin , North Dakota , the son of Dr. and Mrs. Frederick C. Lorenzen . Their father was a Danish immigrant and was a medical doctor . The younger Lorenzen attended Elgin High School , Jamestown College , Glendale City College and the California College of Mortuary Science . They and Virginia Laux of San Antonio , Texas , were married on October 2 , 1940 . They had two sons , David Carl and Jon Robert .
Lorenzen was in the U.S. Air Force during World War II ; they and their wife moved to the San Fernando Valley in 1946 and to Reseda in 1952 . They operated their own mortuary and founded a bank . Their hobbies were flying their light airplane and motion-picture photography .
They died in May 1980 at the age of sixty .
Public affairs
Volunteer activities
Lorenzen was a president of the Reseda Chamber of Commerce in 1957–58 and of the San Fernando Valley Associated Chambers of Commerce in 1961–62 . They were president of the Valley-Wide Better Government Committee and was founder and first chairperson of the West Valley Little League . They were president of the San Fernando chapter of Project Hope . They won the Valleywide Fernando Award in 1963 .
City Council
See also List of Los Angeles municipal election returns , 1969 and after .
Lorenzen came from second place in the 1969 primary municipal election to win the Los Angeles City Council District 3 seat in the final vote over Howard W. Speer by 32,387 to 23,888 . They beat Joy Picus in 1973 in a tight election that demanded a recount ; the vote was 27,575 for Lorenzen and 27,027 for Picus . The latter , however , beat Lorenzen in an extremely light vote in 1977 , by a vote of 1,148 to 993 . Picus said that voters turned against Lorenzen because of the way that the councilman had forced streetlights—and the resulting taxes—upon certain residential districts that did not want them .
In that era ( 1965 ) the 3rd District covered the southwest corner of the Valley , including Woodland Hills , Tarzana and parts of Encino , Canoga Park and Reseda .
Positions
Evergreen Review
In 1969 Councilman Lorenzen asked the city 's Library Commission to take copies of the avant-garde Evergreen Review '' magazine off the open shelves of the public library because one of their constituents had read an issue and found `` a very dirty story '' in it . The commission agreed to ban the magazine from public view for thirty days but make it available to adults on request . Later , it was put back on open shelves for branches that subscribed to it , but public demand had grown so large that there was a waiting list at some libraries . Lorenzen 's office , which made another complaint to the commission about photos of nude women in the September 1969 issue had to pay a fine of fifty cents a day for the two overdue copies that it kept out of circulation for two weeks .
Secession
As chairperson of the Valleywide Better Government Committee in 1962 , Lorenzen spearheaded an unsuccessful drive for the San Fernando Valley to secede from the city and county of Los Angeles and form its own combined city-county government . Fifteen years later , as a city councilman , Lorenzen said they favored a separate Valley government and independent school district , but described a secession move as `` almost impossible . ''
Central Library
Lorenzen , a lame-duck member of the City Council in their last month there , helped to push through a plan to upgrade the downtown Los Angeles Central Library instead of building a combined library-retail complex . The plan was developed by architect Charles Luckman , a contributor to Lorenzen 's unsuccessful reelection campaign .
References
Los Angeles City Council members
1920 births
1980 deaths
People from the San Fernando Valley
People from Grant County , North Dakota
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
20th-century American politicians
People from Reseda , Los Angeles
Dutch Flat or Dutch Flats may refer to :
Dutch Flat , California , an unincorporated community in northern California
Dutch Flat ( Arizona ) , a valley in Arizona
Dutch Flats Airport , a historic airfield in San Diego , California
Megalomyrmex miri is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae . Known from Costa Rica . This species is known only from the type specimens and has no biological data . It is extremely similar to M. wettereri in color , size , shape , measurements , and pilosity . It differs in having a complete foraminal carina and some transverse rugosities on the anteroventral petiolar process .
References
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 1990
The 2019 Trofeo de Campeones de la Superliga Argentina was the 1st edition of the Trofeo de Campeones de la Superliga Argentina , an annual football match contested by the winners of the Argentine Primera División and Copa de la Superliga competitions .
It was played on 14 December 2019 at the Estadio José María Minella in Mar del Plata between Racing and Tigre . Racing and Tigre qualified after winning the 2018–19 Argentine Primera División tournament and the 2019 Copa de la Superliga , respectively .
Racing defeated Tigre 2–0 to win their first title .
Qualified teams
Match
Details
Statistics
References
2019 in Argentine football
Racing Club matches
Club Atlético Tigre matches
Football in Buenos Aires Province
The Great Church or St. Stephen 's Church colloquially called Steven 's Church , is the oldest and largest church in Nijmegen , the Netherlands . The church is built on a small hill , the Hundisburg .
History
The history of St. Stephen 's dates back to the seventh century . The foundation of the church may be connected with the Christianization campaign of bishop Kunibert of Cologne in the seventh century . In 1247 Nijmegen came under the control of Count Otto II of Gelredome . For strategic reasons , St. Stephen 's was moved from the Kelfkensbos to its current location on the Hundisburg . The present church was consecrated in 1273 by Albertus Magnus . Administratively , St. Stephen 's fell under the authority of the chapter of the Basilica of the Holy Apostles , Cologne . The church has long been the only parish in the city . The building was expanded several times in the thirteenth to sixteenth centuries , including an impressive ambulatory . Pope Pius IV authorized the establishment of its own chapter , in 1475 , making St. Stephen 's independent of Cologne . In 1591 Saint Stephen 's was converted to a Protestant church after the city was captured from the Spanish ( during which the steeple was severely damaged ) , which it has remained since except for a Catholic interlude around 1670 .
Catherine of Bourbon was buried in the St. Stephen 's Church , in 1469 . Them son , Charles of Gelre , paid to have a monument to them placed in the church , which remains to this day .
In 1810 is by royal decree the church property was transferred to the Reformed Church ; the civil community retained the ownership of the tower , as part of the city defenses .
The church was severely damaged by the bombing of the city in 1944 , but was rebuilt until 1969 .
In 2001 the church received two stained-glass windows of Marc Mulders entitled Pelican and Stigmata .
Current use
Today St. Stephen 's Church is mainly used for weekly ecumenical church organ concerts on the famous König organ , exhibitions , cantus of the HRG Achelous , and orations . The Stevens Church is open for viewing .
Gallery
External links
Stevens Church Foundation
interior , architecture , history Stevenskerk
Ecumenical Chaplaincy City Nijmegen
Grote of St. Stevens Church Nijmegen monument
, 'Rebuilding Stevenstoren ' in : 'Desipientia : Fancy and Fancy ' , Volume 2 , nr . 2 ( August 1995 ) , pp . 38–44 .
Buildings and structures in Nijmegen
Rijksmonuments in Nijmegen
Reformed church buildings in the Netherlands
Protestant churches converted from Roman Catholicism
| }
This is a list of Legislative Council results for the Victorian 1973 state election . 18 of the 36 seats were contested .
Results by Province
Ballarat
Bendigo
Boronia
Two party preferred vote was estimated .
Doutta Galla
Two party preferred vote was estimated .
East Yarra
Two party preferred vote was estimated .
Gippsland
Higinbotham
Two party preferred vote was estimated .
Melbourne
Two party preferred vote was estimated .
Melbourne North
Two party preferred vote was estimated .
Melbourne West
Two party preferred vote was estimated .
Monash
Two party preferred vote was estimated .
Northern
|- style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ''
! colspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : left ; '' |After distribution of preferences
North Eastern
|- style= '' background-color : # E9E9E9 ''
! colspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : left ; '' |After distribution of preferences
North Western
South Eastern
South Western
Templestowe
Western
See also
1973 Victorian state election
Candidates of the 1973 Victorian state election
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council , 1973–1976
References
Results of Victorian state elections
1970s in Victoria ( Australia )
Jack Morrell may refer to :
Jack Morrell ( boxer ) ( born 1955 ) , American boxer
Jack Morrell ( historian of science ) , University of Leeds , England
Gustavo Antonio Ferrín Rodríguez is a Uruguayan football manager . They are the current youth football coordinator of Liverpool Montevideo .
Coaching career
They qualified the Uruguay U20 national team to the FIFA U-20 World Cup after 8 years .
In April 2010 , they were appointed to manage the Peru national under-20 football team with preparation for 2011 South American Youth Championship .
In July 2012 , they were selected manager for the Angolan national team , leaving the role in October 2013 .
In 2017 , Ferrín was the manager of Centro Atlético Fénix .
References
1959 births
Living people
Uruguayan football managers
Defensor Sporting managers
Uruguay national football team managers
Angola national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Peru
Expatriate football managers in Angola
2013 Africa Cup of Nations managers
Norman Page ( born in Nottingham , Nottinghamshiredied 4 July 1935 in London ) was a British actor . They are best known for their portrayal of David Lloyd George , Prime Minister during the First World War , in the 1918 film The Life Story of David Lloyd George , which is believed to be the first ever feature length political biopic .
Selected filmography
The Life Story of David Lloyd George ( 1918 )
The Elusive Pimpernel ( 1919 )
Bleak House ( 1920 )
The Yellow Claw ( 1921 )
The Card ( 1922 )
Out to Win ( 1923 )
The Sign of Four ( 1923 )
References
External links
Year of birth unknown
1935 deaths
English male film actors
English male silent film actors
People from Nottingham
Male actors from Nottinghamshire
20th-century English male actors
1876 births
William Henry Bean ( 1843 – date of death unknown ) was a prominent South Australian business person and parliamentarian . They were elected to the Sixth Parliament ( paired with Hon . H.B.T . Strangways ) for the District of West Torrens of the South Australian House of Assembly , on 28 March 1870 , until 23 November 1871 , losing their seat after the dissolution of 1871. but was re-elected , with William James Magarey , to the Ninth Parliament ( 1878–1881 ) from 2 April 1878 to 19 March 1881 , and re-elected , with Frederick Estcourt Bucknall , to the Tenth Parliament from 8 April 1881 to 19 March 1884 . ( G. T. Bean had held the seat previously and lost it under controversial circumstances . This is one of very few cases in Australia of a pair of brothers being parliamentarians ) . They campaigned again in 1878 for the West Torrens seat which they narrowly won , and retained it in 1881 . They did not contest the 1884 elections .
They conducted the Adelaide affairs of Bean Brothers while G. T. Bean was overseas from 1869 to 1878 . They also organised a large number of wool , hide , meat and bark shipments in partnership with H. J. Wilke .
They were appointed Justice of the Peace in 1872 but resigned in 1874 .
W. H. Bean ( with Wilke ) bought into a gold discovery `` Golding 's Find '' at Mount Torrens in 1870. and was a director in James Scott 's `` El Dorado '' Mount Pleasant mine in 1872 .
They were on the board of the South Australian Zoological and Acclimatization Society . They resigned or was dropped in 1884 .
In 1884 Bean Brothers Limited successfully sued them in the Supreme Court for making unauthorised payments . They were declared insolvent in 1885 .
They were in London at the time of their brother G. T. Bean 's death in 1912 .
References
1843 births
Year of death missing
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly
Patersonia macrantha is a species of plant in the iris family Iridaceae and is endemic to the northern part of the Northern Territory . It is a tuft-forming herb with linear to sword-shaped leaves and pale violet tepals .
Description
Patersonia macrantha is a tuft-forming herb with flat , linear to sword-shaped leaves long and wide . The flowering scape is long , smooth and softly-hairy near the tip , and the sheath enclosing the flowers is elliptic , long and pale brown . The outer tepals are pale violet , egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base , or elliptic , long and wide . Flowering occurs from January to March .
Taxonomy and naming
Patersonia macrantha was first described in 1846 by George Bentham in Flora Australiensis . Bentham recorded that the type specimens were collected in the Darling Range by Alexander Collie . However , the sheet bearing the type specimens in the Kew Herbarium was inscribed `` Armstrong , Port Essington '' in W.J . Hooker 's handwriting , later crossed out by Bentham with a note `` probably Darling Range , Collie ( the loose scape was with the Darling Range occidentalis ) '' . The specific epithet ( macrantha ) means `` large-flowered '' .
Distribution and habitat
This patersonia is widespread in the northern part of the Northern Territory where it grows in forest and woodland .
Conservation status
Patersonia macrantha is classified as `` least concern '' under the Northern Territory Government Northern Territory Government Territory Parks and Wildlife Conservation Act 1976 .
References
macrantha
Flora of Western Australia
Plants described in 1873
Taxa named by George Bentham
Dragan Lepinjica ( , born 15 August 1961 ) is a former Serbian football player .
Born in Šid , they played with Osijek , Dinamo Zagreb and Priština in the Yugoslav First League during the 1980s , and in 1990 they moved to Portugal where they played with União in the Primeira Liga until 1996 .
Their son Ivan , born in 1999 , is also a footballer .
References
External sources
Dragan Lepinjica at Povijest Dinama
Yugoslav First and Second League stats at B92
1961 births
Living people
People from Šid
Yugoslav footballers
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Yugoslav First League players
Primeira Liga players
NK Osijek players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
FC Prishtina players
C.F . União players
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Kosovo
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Kosovo
Association football forwards
Nabil Ayers is an American music industry entrepreneur , author and musician .
Ayers ' debut memoir , My Life in the Sunshine , was published by Viking Press on June 7 , 2022 . The book focuses on Ayers ' relationship with their father , the jazz musician Roy Ayers , growing up as a mixed-race person in America , and Ayers ' life in the music industry . The title , My Life in the Sunshine , is a reference to the Roy Ayers song , `` Everybody Loves the Sunshine . '' In a June 4 , 2022 CBS Saturday Morning segment , Ayers , when asked about how the memoir portrays their father , stated , `` In the end , it 's positive . It 's about all the great things he 's given me , even though they have n't been part of my life . '' My Life in the Sunshine has received accolades from author/musician , Michelle Zauner , who said the book `` ultimately redefines what it means to be a family . '' Ashley C. Ford , John Hodgman also gave praise , and Rolling Stone , called the book `` [ an ] affecting new memoir . ''
As a writer , Ayers is a frequent contributor to The New York Times , NPR , Pitchfork , Rolling Stone , People , GQ , Huffington Post , and The Root , among others . Their writing is often autobiographic , and touches on topics of music and race .
With over 30 years of experience in the music industry , Ayers is the current U.S. President of the UK-based Beggars Group of record labels , assuming the role in early 2022 after their work for 4AD where they had served as the label 's U.S. General Manager since 2009 . While with 4AD , they led album campaigns for Grimes , Big Thief , St. Vincent , Purity Ring , Deerhunter , Tune-Yards , Future Islands , The Breeders , and The National , whose album Sleep Well Beast won the 2018 Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album . Ayers sits on the Recording Academy 's Board of Trustees , and previously served as a two-term elected Governor . Ayers is continually named one of Billboard Magazine 's Indie Power Players , earning a spot on the list each year from 2019-2022 .
Ayers co-founded Seattle 's Sonic Boom Records store with their business partner , Jason Hughes in 1997 . Sonic Boom has been named one of the best record stores in America by Rolling Stone , The Wall Street Journal and SPIN Magazine , and has been profiled by NPR , The New York Times and The Seattle Times . In July 2016 , it was announced that Sonic Boom Records was sold to a longtime customer . After the sale , Ayers wrote a memoir about the store that was published in Seattle newspaper , The Stranger .
In 2002 , Ayers founded the independent record label The Control Group where they have released music by Lykke Li , Cate Le Bon , and El Perro del Mar . In 2018 , Ayers founded the independent record label Valley of Search to reissue their uncle Alan Braufman 's album of the same name . The label has gone on to release music by Tomas Nordmark and Patricia Brennan . As a drummer , they have performed with various acts , most recently The Long Winters and Tommy Stinson .
They currently reside in Brooklyn , NY , where Brooklyn Magazine named Ayers # 7 in a list of `` The 100 Most Influential People In Brooklyn Culture . ”
External links
Nabil Ayers Official Site
4AD
Valley of Search Official Site
The Control Group Official Site
Sonic Boom Records Official Site
References
Living people
American rock drummers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Long Winters members
Musicians from New York City
Musicians from Seattle
Alien Crime Syndicate members
The sacral spinal nerve 2 ( S2 ) is a spinal nerve of the sacral segment .
It originates from the spinal column from below the 2nd body of the sacrum
Muscles
S2 supplies many muscles , either directly or through nerves originating from S2 . They are not innervated with S2 as single origin , but partly by S2 and partly by other spinal nerves . They are most commonly known to govern the toes . The muscles are :
sphincter urethrae membranaceae
gluteus maximus muscle
piriformis
obturator internus muscle
superior gemellus
semitendinosus
gastrocnemius
flexor hallucis longus
abductor digiti minimi
quadratus plantae
Additional Images
References
Spinal nerves
Raymond Burns may refer to :
Captain Sensible , English rock musician , real name Raymond Burns
Raymond Burns ( illustrator ) who illustrated Mel Lyle 's Power Boys series
Raymond Burns ( golfer ) , professional golfer from Northern Ireland
Phineas Cook Dummer ( October 28 , 1797 – September 14 , 1875 ) was the sixth mayor of Jersey City in New Jersey . They succeeded Peter Bentley , Sr. A Whig politician , they served four one-year terms from April 1844 to April 20 , 1848 . They were succeeded by Henry C. Taylor .
Biography
Born in New Haven , Connecticut in 1787 , they served in the New York Militia during the War of 1812 . Dummer married Eliza Dobbs Holt , daughter of New London , Connecticut newspaper editor Charles Holt , on September 21 , 1821 and they moved to Jersey City in 1824 .
Dummer joined their brother George Dummer 's Jersey Glass Company on Washington Street between Essex Street and the Morris Canal in Paulus Hook ( later became incorporated as Jersey City ) . They later obtained a patent for the manufacture of pressed glass by a process called `` Dummer 's scallop or coverplate . '' By 1840s the glass company was known as P.C . Dummer & Company and was selling glassware for home , decorative and commercial use . The company went out of business after the economic downturn following the Civil War .
After serving as mayor , Dummer served as Chief of the Fire Department in 1850 .
After their company went out of business , Dummer was elected City Collector of Taxes , and afterwards appointed Deputy collector of customs of the Port of New York , by Abraham Lincoln and re-appointed under Ulysses S. Grant . They held the position until their death on September 14 , 1875 in Jersey City , New Jersey .
See also
List of mayors of Jersey City , New Jersey
References
External links
Jersey City : Past and Present
1787 births
1875 deaths
Politicians from New Haven , Connecticut
American militiamen in the War of 1812
glassmakers
New Jersey Whigs
19th-century American politicians
Mayors of Jersey City , New Jersey
Sir James Mackey , Chief Executive of Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust , was appointed to be Chief Executive of NHS Improvement in October 2015 as a two-year secondment . They confirmed that they intended to return to Northumbria . They have resumed their post as Chief Executive at Northumbria Healthcare Trust in November 2017 .
Born in Hebburn , South Tyneside , in 1966 . They are a qualified accountant and joined the NHS in 1990 .
They were reckoned by the Health Service Journal to be the seventh most influential person in the English NHS in 2015 , and the third in 2016 .
They were knighted in the 2019 New Years Honours List .
In 2021 they unsuccessfully applied to become NHS chief executive to succeed Simon Stevens , losing out in the open competition - alongside Dido Harding and Mark Britnell - to Amanda Pritchard .
In 2022 they were acted to lead the Elective recovery work for NHS England and remains one of the most influential figures in the NHS , ranked fifth of the Health Service Journal 's most influential people in health .
References
Administrators in the National Health Service
English healthcare chief executives
Knights Bachelor
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Titta may refer to :
People
Cesare De Titta ( 1862–1933 ) , Italian poet in Italian , Latin and in Neapolitan Abruzzese
Mastro Titta , nickname of Giovanni Battista Bugatti ( 1779–1869 ) , Italian executioner
Giovanni Titta Rosa ( 1891–1972 ) , Italian literary critic , poet and novelist
Titta Jokinen ( born 1951 ) , Finnish actor
Titta Ruffo , Italian operatic baritone
Places
Titta ( Città di Castello ) , frazione of the comune of Città di Castello in the Province of Perugia , Umbria , central Italy
In SCSI standards for transferring data between computers and peripheral devices , often computer storage , commands are sent in a Command Descriptor Block ( CDB ) .
Each CDB can be a total of 6 , 10 , 12 , or 16 bytes , but later versions of the SCSI standard also allow for variable-length CDBs . The CDB consists of a one byte operation code followed by some command-specific parameters . The parameters need not be a full byte long , and the parameter length varies from one command to another . The available commands , with links to articles describing the detailed structure of many of them , are listed in the article section List of SCSI commands .
Typical CDB structures , for the 6- and 16-byte SCSI Request Sense Command , opcode 3 , are :
6-byte CDB :
16-byte CDB :
An example with different allocation of bits to parameters is the 6-byte SCSI Mode Sense Command :
The generic form of the 12-byte CDB is :
See SPC-4 ( http : //www.t10.org/cgi-bin/ac.pl ? t=f & f=spc4r34.pdf , free registration required ) for more information .
Notes
See also
LUN
References
CDB
Bloeme Evers-Emden ( ; 26 July 1926 – 18 July 2016 ) was a Dutch Jewish lecturer and child psychologist who extensively researched the phenomenon of `` hidden children '' during World War II and wrote four books on the subject in the 1990s . Them interest in the topic grew out of their own experiences during World War II , when they were forced to go into hiding from the Nazis and was subsequently arrested and deported to Auschwitz on the last transport leaving the Westerbork transit camp on 3 September 1944 . Together with them on the train were Anne Frank and their family , whom they had known in Amsterdam . They were liberated on 8 May 1945 .
In the 1980s , Evers-Emden earned a doctorate in developmental psychology and began interviewing and writing about the phenomenon of `` hidden children '' from the points of view of the children , their biological parents , their non-Jewish foster parents , and their non-Jewish foster siblings . They were also interviewed for several television documentaries on their remembrances of Anne Frank and their family before they went into hiding and after they were sent to Auschwitz .
Early life
Bloeme Emden was born on 26 July 1926 in Amsterdam in the Netherlands to Emanuel Emden , a diamond cutter and a socialist , and Rosa Emden-DeVries , a seamstress . Them younger sister , Via Roosje , was born 29 May 1932 .
In 1941 , Bloeme attended the Jewish lyceum , where they befriended Anne Frank and their sister , Margot . Bloeme was in the same grade as Margot , but in a different class . In July 1942 , Bloeme received a deportation order from the local government office . Them father went to the Central Room for Jewish Resettlement and found a sympathetic German who stamped the order `` released . '' They returned to the high school in September , but their class kept shrinking from deportations throughout the year , to the point that only three students were left at the end of the year . By the time oral examinations were administered three weeks later , Bloeme was the only student in their class .
On the first day of the oral examinations in May 1943 , Bloeme 's non-Jewish boyfriend warned them that the Germans were looking for them They asked the school board to administer all 12 of their examinations at once , and they received their high school diploma that same day . When the Germans arrived , they took them to an assembly point for Amsterdam Jews , but they managed to enter the building without being registered . A few days later , they snuck out with a group of younger teens . At first they hid in the home of Christian friends of their parents who worked in the Dutch underground , but they were afraid that if they were arrested , Bloeme would be , too . They spent the next year hiding in 15 to 16 different places , including an Amsterdam old-age home and a job as a maid for a widow and their son in Rotterdam . When they returned to the people who worked in the underground , they were arrested and sent to Westerbork .
Deportation and incarceration
Bloeme was deported to Auschwitz on the last train leaving Westerbork on 3 September 1944 . On the same train were the Frank family who had been discovered in hiding on 4 August . Bloeme saw Anne , Margot and their mother regularly in Auschwitz , although they were part of a separate group of eight women who stayed together , encouraging and helping one another . In October 1944 , Bloeme and their group were selected for transfer to the Liebau labor camp in Upper Silesia . For the filming of the 1995 BBC documentary Anne Frank Remembered , Bloeme recalled that Anne , Margot , and their mother , Edith , also planned to join the transport , but Anne was prohibited from joining because they had developed scabies . Them mother and sister opted to stay with her , and Bloeme went on without them . Bloeme was also interviewed for their remembrances of the Frank women in Auschwitz in the 1988 television documentary The Last Seven Months of Anne Frank by Dutch filmmaker Willy Lindwer .
Bloeme was liberated by the Soviets at Liebau on 8 May 1945 . They and a small group of friends began walking back to the Netherlands on foot , arriving six weeks later . They discovered that their parents and sister had been deported to the Sobibor extermination camp , where they all perished .
Post-war research
After the war , they married Hans Evers and raised a `` relatively large family '' in Amsterdam . However , they testified , they were unable to talk about their war experiences with their family . They began studying psychology part-time and became a lecturer in psychology at the University of Amsterdam in 1973 , earning their doctorate in the late 1980s .
In the 1980s , they began holding group therapy sessions for former hidden children , addressing `` our grief , our anger , our aggression and our mourning '' . At the Hidden Child Conference held in Amsterdam in 1992 , they interviewed 73 former hidden children , and with questionnaires completed by another 321 attendants , they began their research into the emotional and psychological trauma of hidden children , widening their scope to include the points of view of the children , their biological parents , their non-Jewish foster parents , and their non-Jewish foster siblings .
In the 1990s , Evers-Emden published four books in Dutch based on their research . ( 'Borrowed Children ' ; 1994 ) focused on the foster parents who hid the children . ( 'Hidden During the War : A Closed-Off Past ? ' ; 1995 ) examined the written responses of 300 hidden children to a questionnaire . ( 'Shattered Existence ' ; 1996 ) interviewed the parents who sent their children into hiding . ( 'Sharing Your Parents ' ; 1999 ) focused on the foster siblings of the hidden children .
In 1991 , they were decorated by Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands as an officer of the Order of Orange-Nassau .
Them son , Raphael Evers , is the Rabbi of Düsseldorf .
Evers-Emden died in July 2016 , eight days before their 90th birthday .
Bibliography
( 'Borrowed Children ' ) , 1994
( 'Hidden During the War : A Closed-Off Past ? ' ) , 1995
( 'Shattered Existence ' ) , 1996 translated into Hebrew by Mechel Jamenfeld as Hayim Pegumim ( Tel Aviv , 2000 )
( 'Sharing Your Parents ' ) , 1999
( 'Jewish Anthology : Sketches from an ordinary Jewish life ' )
( 'Jewish Anthology Pieces : Columns about life ' )
References
External links
Portrait of Bloeme Emden with a Jewish star , circa 1942
Oral history interview with Bloeme Evers-Emden ( 1999 ) at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
1926 births
2016 deaths
Auschwitz concentration camp survivors
Child psychologists
Dutch emigrants to Israel
Dutch Jews
Dutch psychologists
Dutch women psychologists
Dutch Holocaust survivors
Officers of the Order of Orange-Nassau
University of Amsterdam faculty
Westerbork transit camp survivors
WSHU ( 1260 AM ) , is an NPR member radio station licensed to Westport , Connecticut . It is owned and operated by Sacred Heart University . By day , WSHU is powered at 1,000 watts using a directional antenna . However , at night , to avoid interference with other stations on 1260 AM , it reduces power to nine watts . Programming is also heard on 150-watt FM translator W276DY at 103.1 MHz in Westport .
WSHU primarily features news , talk and informational programming from National Public Radio with local news updates throughout the day . It holds periodic fundraisers on the air to support the running of the station . AM 1260 is one of the WSHU news and talk frequencies , which also includes the HD2 digital subchannel of WSHU-FM ( 91.1 FM ) Fairfield , Connecticut , WSTC ( 1400 AM ) Stamford , Connecticut , WSUF ( 89.9 FM ) Greenport , New York and WYBC ( 1340 AM ) New Haven , Connecticut .
History
The station signed on the air on . For its first three decades , the station 's call sign was WMMM . It was a daytimer , broadcasting at 1,000 watts by day and required to go off the air at night . Throughout most of its history , WMMM had a full service middle of the road radio format , featuring popular adult music , local news and sports . For many years , it was co-owned with an FM station at 107.9 MHz ( now WEBE ) .
On June 18 , 2015 , WSHU was granted an Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) construction permit to change the community of license to Seymour , move to a different transmitter site , decrease day power to 650 watts and increase night power to 17 watts . The station did not go through with the new construction and the construction permit is no longer listed on the FCC 's website .
Repeaters
Notes :
References
External links
Sacred Heart University
Fairfield , Connecticut
Mass media in Fairfield County , Connecticut
SHU
NPR member stations
Radio stations established in 1959
1959 establishments in Connecticut
La vita è bella or variant thereof , may refer to :
La vita è bella ( 1997 film ) , 1997 Italian film
`` La vita è bella '' ( song ) ( 1997 song ) , title song to the 1997 film
La vita è bella ( soundtrack ) , soundtrack album for the 1997 film , see Life Is Beautiful ( soundtrack )
La vita è bella ( 1979 film ) aka Жизнь прекрасна , 1979 Italian-Soviet film
See also
Bella Vita ( disambiguation )
La Vie est Belle ( disambiguation )
Life is Beautiful ( disambiguation )
Phoenicircus is a genus of birds in the family Cotingidae . They have a bright red breast , crown , tail , and rump with the Guianan species having dark brown wings and the black-necked species having black wings . They are frugivores , eating primarily berries and drupes .
Taxonomy
The genus Phoenicircus was introduced in 1832 by the English naturalist William John Swainson . The type species was designated as the Guianan red cotinga by George Robert Gray in 1840 . The name combines the Ancient Greek phoinikeos meaning `` crimson '' or `` dark red '' with kerkos meaning
`` tail '' .
The genus contains the following two species :
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The National Farm and Home Hour is a variety show that was broadcast in various formats from 1928 to 1958 . Aimed at listeners in rural America , it was known as `` the farmer 's bulletin board '' and was produced by the United States Department of Agriculture with contributions from , and the cooperation of , various farm organizations ( among them the American Farm Bureau , 4-H Club , Farmers Union , Future Farmers of America and the National Grange ) . Raymond Edward Johnson and , later , Don Ameche appeared in dramatic sketches in the role of the Forest Ranger .
With live coverage of livestock expositions , harvest festivals and `` the most spectacular happenings in agricultural America , '' the program offered tips to farmers , music and news , plus advice from agencies and government officials .
The series first aired on Pittsburgh 's KDKA ( 1928-29 ) , moving to the Blue Network ( later ABC ) from September 30 , 1929 , to March 17 , 1945 . Originating from WMAQ in Chicago , it was usually heard Monday through Saturday at 12:30 ( Eastern ) . Under the sponsorship of Allis-Chalmers , it continued on NBC as a 30-minute show on Saturdays at noon ( Eastern ) from September 15 , 1945 to January 25 , 1958 ; in its final three years ( 1955-58 ) , it would be incorporated into the Saturday lineup of NBC 's weekend anthology Monitor .
Host Everett Mitchell opened each broadcast with their trademark line , `` It 's a beautiful day in Chicago ! `` , which became a familiar catch phrase . They began using the introduction on May 14 , 1932 .
External links
Chicago Pages by Nemorino : `` It 's a beautiful day in Chicago ! ''
Nemorino recalls WMAQ studio broadcasts of The National Farm and Home Hour
References
American variety radio programs
National Farm and Home Hour , The
1958 radio programme endings
1920s American radio programs
1930s American radio programs
1940s American radio programs
1950s American radio programs
NBC Blue Network radio programs
ABC radio programs
Agriculture in the United States
Radio programs about agriculture
Citizens Bank may refer to :
Financial institutions
Citizens Bank International , a bank in Nepal
Citizens Business Bank , a bank in California
Citizens Financial Group , an American bank headquartered in Rhode Island
Citizens Republic Bancorp , an American bank based in Michigan , acquired by FirstMerit Corporation in 2013
Structures
Citizens Bank ( Williston , Florida ) , a site on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places
Citizens Bank ( South Bend , Indiana ) , a site on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places
Citizens Bank Building ( disambiguation ) , several different buildings
Citizens Bank Park , a baseball stadium in Philadelphia
See also
Citizens National Bank ( disambiguation )
Citizens State Bank ( disambiguation )
Eric Haines is an American software engineer , and is an expert in computer graphics , specifically image rendering . they are with NVIDIA Corporation as Distinguished Engineer . They are a co-author of the book Real-Time Rendering , currently in its fourth edition .
Eric Haines earned an M.S . in 1986 from Cornell University . Their thesis was The Light Buffer : A Ray Tracer Shadow Testing Accelerator . An image created by software based on the thesis was used on the September 1986 cover of the IEEE Computer Graphics and Applications journal .
They created the Massive open online course Interactive 3D Graphics in 2013 with Udacity . As of July 2013 it had 30,000 enrolled , with 1300-1700 students active over a given week . They authored a chapter in the book An Introduction to Ray Tracing by Andrew Glassner ( ed ) , 1989 . They published a number of articles in computer graphics , some of which are included in the Graphics Gems series . They also maintain the Graphics Gems code repository .
Haines was on the editorial board of the Journal of Graphics Tools until 2012 , at which time they helped found the Journal of Computer Graphics Techniques . They were the editor of the online forum of experts in ray tracing , Ray Tracing News ( 1988-2010 )
References
American computer programmers
Computer graphics professionals
Cornell University alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Raja Ahmad Zainuddin bin Raja Omar was a Malaysian politician from UMNO . They were the Member of Parliament for Larut from 1999 to 2008 and Member of Perak State Legislative Assembly for Kubu Gajah from 2008 to 2013 .
Early career
They were a blogger for Berita Harian , the Chief editor of Berita Harian Perak from 1988 to 1999 and Advisor for Mingguan Watan . They were also the Director of Ken Holdings Berhad , Muhibbah Engineering ( M ) Bhd and others . They were also the manager of Perak FC and Vice President of Football Association of Malaysia . They were suspended from 1991 to 1994 , 2001 to 2005 and in 2006 due to criticism towards FAM .
Politics
They were a member of the Perak Public Accounting Committee , Barisan Nasional Supporters Club , Chairman of Commercial Vehicle Licensing Board and Director of Tabung Haji Management Board .
UMNO Larut Crisis
They were the incumbent Chief of UMNO Larut branch and rejected Hamzah Zainuddin as a candidate for the Larut branch chief election as Hamzah joined the branch after 31 December 2007 , which is a breach of UMNO 's constitution . At the end , the Secretary-general of UMNO , Tengku Adnan Tengku Mansor had allowed Hamzah to participate in the election .
Election results
Health
They had passed away on 9 June 2017 in Hospital KPJ Ipoh .
References
Malaysian politicians
Malaysian Muslims
United Malays National Organisation politicians
Members of the Dewan Rakyat
Members of the Perak State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Living people
1956 births
2017 deaths
Caroline Park is a residential neighborhood in Columbus , Georgia . It is located north of the central business district of Downtown .
Columbus metropolitan area , Georgia
Neighborhoods in Columbus , Georgia
Warner Brothers Pictures Inc v Nelson [ 1937 ] 1 KB 209 was a judicial decision of the English courts relating to the contract of employment between the actor Bette Davis ( who was sued under their married name ) and Warner Bros . The court upheld the contract , effectively forcing the actor to return to the United States to continue making films for Warner Bros. and complete the term of their contract .
Background
Davis , an American actor , had forged a film career in the United States . They signed a contract with Warner Bros. which was expressed to last for 52 weeks , but which was renewable for a further 52 weeks at the option of Warner Bros . Under the terms of that contract they were exclusively contracted to Warners Bros. and was precluded from performing for any other person .
Convinced that their career was being damaged by a succession of mediocre films , Davis accepted an offer in 1936 to appear in two films in Britain . Knowing that they were breaching their contract with Warner Bros. , they fled to Canada to avoid legal papers being served on them in the United States . Eventually , Davis was sued in the English courts . They later recalled the opening statement of the barrister , Sir Patrick Hastings KC , who represented Warner Bros. that urged the court to `` come to the conclusion that this is rather a naughty young lady , and that what they want is more money '' . They mocked Davis ' description of their contract as `` slavery '' by stating , incorrectly , that they were being paid $ 1,350 per week . They remarked , `` If anybody wants to put me into perpetual servitude on the basis of that remuneration , I shall prepare to consider it . '' The British press offered little support to Davis , and portrayed them as overpaid and ungrateful . Davis was represented by Sir William Jowitt KC .
Davis explained their viewpoint to a journalist : `` I knew that , if I continued to appear in any more mediocre pictures , I would have no career left worth fighting for . '' Them counsel presented the complaints – that they could be suspended without pay for refusing a part , with the period of suspension added to their contract , that they could be called upon to play any part within their abilities , regardless of their personal beliefs , that they could be required to support a political party against their beliefs , and that their image and likeness could be displayed in any manner deemed applicable by the studio . Jack Warner testified , and was asked : `` Whatever part you choose to call upon them to play , if they think they can play it , whether it is distasteful and cheap , they have to play it ? '' . Warner replied : `` Yes , they must play it . ''
Decision
The case was adjudicated by Branson J in the High Court . After outlining the facts , the court noted that this was the second such contract that Mrs Nelson ( as they were referred to in the judgment ) had signed , and that it was at considerably increased remuneration , and that the rate of remuneration increased with each passing week under the terms of the contract . The contract also contained a provision that if Mrs Nelson refused to perform for any period , then the period of the contract was extended for a like period ( clause 23 ) .
The court held as a fact that `` for no discoverable reason except that they wanted more money , [ she ] declined to be further bound by the agreement , left the United States and , in September , entered into an agreement in this country with a third person . '' It went on to hold `` This was a breach of contract on their part '' .
The court noted that it had been heavily argued by their counsel that this was restraint of trade , although this has not been raised in the pleadings . The court nonetheless held that the contract was not in breach of the law relating to restraint of trade . The court noted that a similar contract had been upheld in Gaumont-British Picture Corporation v Alexander [ 1936 ] 2 All ER 1686 .
Having decided that the court affirmed it usual practice - that it would not order specific performance of a personal service . The court then considered at great length the limits of what it could grant either by way of positive or by negative injunction . It would not force them by injunction to serve out their contract ( `` That the Court never does. '' ) . Accordingly the court limited itself to injuncting Mrs Nelson from performing those services for any other person in breach of their contract . The court rejected the argument that , because they could never earn as much doing anything else , this effectively forced them to perform their contract indirectly and was thus contrary to the law . In this respect , the court followed the precedent in Grimston v Cunningham [ 1894 ] 1 QB 125 .
The Court limited the length of the injunction to a period of three years . Finally , the Court limited the scope of the injunction such that it only applied within the jurisdiction of the Court . Accordingly , if Mrs Nelson was to have performed overseas , that would not breach the order of the Court . However , they might expose themselves to further legal process elsewhere .
Aftermath
After the case Davis returned to Hollywood , in debt and without income , to resume their career . Ironically , this was to become one of the most successful periods of their career .
Footnotes
Bibliography
Warner Bros .
Bette Davis
1936 in case law
United Kingdom employment contract case law
Varabad or Warabad ( ) may refer to :
Varabad , Markazi
Varabad , Tehran
Haywood v. Drown , 556 U.S. 729 ( 2009 ) , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that a New York law preventing state trial courts from hearing claims for money damages against prison employees whether based on federal or state law violated the Supremacy Clause of the United States Constitution .
Background
The defendant in this trial , Keith Haywood , was an inmate at the Attica Correctional Facility , in Attica , New York In 2003 and 2004 , Haywood was charged with multiple counts of misbehavior , including assaulting an officer , soliciting mail , and failing a drug test . After a guilty verdict , Haywood filed suit in a New York state court against two employees of the Attica Correctional facility to review the claims under 42 U.S.C . § 1983 . The defendants moved to dismiss Haywood 's claims based on a New York statute that banned inmates from filing suit against the `` official capacities '' of correctional officers of the state .
Decision of the Supreme Court
Writing for the majority in favor of Haywood , Justice Stevens wrote the opinion of the Supreme Court . The court noted that the New York statute was passed to protect correctional facilities employees against `` frivolous '' damages suits filed by inmates . The Court found , however , that states `` may not relieve whole categories of federal claims from their courts merely to avoid congestion . ''
Dissenting opinions
In dissent , Justice Clarence Thomas note that `` neither the Constitution nor Supreme Court precedent require that states open their courts to Section 1983 claims . ''
Arguments
The case was argued by Jason E. Murtagh , an attorney with Dechert , for the Petitioner , and by Barbara D. Underwood for Respondent .
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases , volume 556
List of United States Supreme Court cases
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
2009 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
Attica Correctional Facility
Abdul Jabbar Khan ( 1916 – 29 December 1993 ) was a Bangladeshi filmmaker . They were credited with directing Mukh O Mukhosh ( 1956 ) , the first Bengali-language film ever made in the then East Pakistan ( currently Bangladesh ) . The library of Bangladesh Film Development Corporation was named Abdul Jabbar Khan Library after him .
Early life and education
Abdul Jabbar khan was born in Masadgoan village in Dhaka-Bikrampur Bengal Presidency , British India ( now in Lohajang Upazila of Munshiganj District , Bangladesh ) in 1916 . During their school days , Khan performed in plays like `` Behula '' , `` Vishwamangal '' , `` Satirtha '' , `` Samajpati '' , `` Matir Ghar '' , and `` Sohrab Rustam '' . In 1941 , they earned a diploma from Ahsanullah School of Engineering .
Career
Khan founded Kamlapur Dramatic Association .
Mukh O Mukhosh
In 1953 , at a cultural program , F. Dossani , a non-Bengali film producer , remarked that “ The climate of this land is not fit for making movies. ” Khan then decided to make a film based on their play `` Dakaat '' . Khan released the film in Roopmahal Movie Theatre in Dhaka with the title Mukh O Mukhosh ( The Face and the Mask ) on 3 August 1956 . They were the director , screenwriter and the lead actor of the film .
Works
Mukh O Mukhosh ( 1956 )
Joar Elo ( 1962 )
Nachghar ( 1963 , Urdu )
Banshari ( 1968 )
Kanch Kata Hira ( 1970 )
Khelaghar ( 1973 )
Awards
Bangladesh Film Journalists Association Award
FDC Silver Jubilee Medal
Uttaran Medal
Hiralala Sen Memorial Medal
Gold Medal of the Bikrampur Foundation
References
External links
1916 births
1993 deaths
Bangladeshi film directors
Place of death missing
Recipients of the Ekushey Padak
Casein paint , ( or cassein ) derived from milk casein ( milk protein ) , is a fast-drying , water-soluble medium used by artists .
Description
It generally has a glue-like consistency , but can be thinned with water to the degree that fits a particular artist 's style and desired result . It can be used on canvas panels , illustration boards , paper , wood , and masonite . Because the dried paint film is inflexible and brittle , it is not appropriate for heavy impasto on flexible supports like canvas ; canvas laminated to board is more suitable . Casein paint is reworkable and can be used for underpainting . It generally dries to a matte finish .
Uses
Casein paint has been used since ancient Egyptian times as a form of distemper paint , and is still used today . One of the qualities for which artists value casein paint is that unlike gouache , it dries to an even consistency , making it ideal for murals . Also , it can visually resemble oil painting more than most other water-based paints , and works well as an underpainting .
Casein paint loses its solubility with time and exposure and becomes water-resistant . It is suited most to inflexible surfaces , including furniture . It can be buffed to a soft velvet finish when dry , or varnished for a gloss finish .
Manufacture
The binder for casein paint is made by dissolving casein in an alkali , usually lime , ammonium carbonate , or borax . Casein itself is precipitated from milk by the action of an acid or the enzyme rennet . Lime casein works well on porous surfaces , even outdoors , though it has a short shelf-life and must be used with pigments that are balanced against the binder 's low pH . Ammonium carbonate casein has similar strengths and weaknesses . Borax casein has a shelf-life of several weeks , is pH neutral , and can be used outdoors through the addition of linseed oil .
Casein artists
Yantonai Dakota artist Oscar Howe of South Dakota used casein extensively .
Santa Clara Pueblo artist Pablita Velarde created a series of more than 70 paintings of everyday Native American life in New Mexico for Bandelier National Monument between 1937 and 1943 , painted mostly on masonite using casein paints .
Casein was widely used by commercial illustrators as the material of choice until the late 1960s when , with the advent of acrylic paint , casein became less popular . John Berkey continued to use casein in combination with acrylics in most of their paintings . Dick Tracy ( 1960 ) , and Popeye ( 1960 ) , two early paintings by Andy Warhol , who had been a commercial illustrator before becoming a fine artist , were painted with casein .
See also
Milk paint
References
External links
A Simple Recipe for the Casein Binder
Watermedia
The Ceahlău Massif ( ) is one of the most famous mountains of Romania . It is part of the Bistrița Mountains range of the Eastern Carpathians division , in Neamț County , in the Moldavia region . The two most important peaks are Toaca ( 1904 m altitude ) and Ocolașul Mare ( 1907 m altitude ) . It is bounded to the east by the river Bistrița and Lake Bicaz , to the south by the river Bicaz . From the south , the main access point is the village of Izvorul Muntelui , located 12 km north from the town of Bicaz . To the north , Mount Ceahlău is also accessible from Durău .
Activities
Ceahlău National Park shelters a large variety of flora and fauna ; some of the species are endemic or rarely seen elsewhere in Romania .
Hiking
Mount Ceahlău is a popular hiking destination in Romania . There are seven main marked trails built for hikers and tourists . There are entry fees for visiting Ceahlău National Park . and fines for not respecting park 's regulations . The park is monitored by local rangers , and there is also a mountain rescue service ( Salvamont ) .
Skiing
There are ski slopes located at Durău .
Camping
Camping is permitted only in a few designated places : in Durău , near Dochia Chalet and in Izvorul Muntelui .
Chalets and refuges
Izvorul Muntelui Chalet ( 757 m of altitude , basecamp ) , near Bicaz
Dochia Chalet ( 1750 m , near Toaca Peak )
Fântânele Chalet ( 1220m , near Durău )
Ceahlău - Toaca weather station
Notable sights and places
Duruitoarea waterfall
Panaghia rock
Piatra Lată din Ghedeon rock formation
Ocolașul Mic Peak
Dochia Rock
Turnul lui Butu Stone
Poiana Maicilor ( engl : Nuns ' glade )
Poiana Stănile
Polița cu crini protected area
Gardul Stănilelor
Other uses of the name
Ceahlăul Stadium , in Piatra Neamț
FC Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț , a Romanian soccer team
See also
Seven Natural Wonders of Romania
References
External links
Ceahlău National Park official website
Ceahlău National Park on Romania tourism official website
Ceahlău on Visit Neamt page
Picture gallery
Website with information about the Carpathians Mountains
Photos of Ceahlău Massif
Mountain ranges of Romania
Geography of Neamț County
Mountain ranges of the Eastern Carpathians
Tourist attractions in Neamț County
Important Bird Areas of Romania
was a Japanese actor and voice actor . They began voice acting in the 1960s , landing small roles in Astroboy , and was the actor of choice for deep-voiced , serious males in the 1970s . They are most noted for their two longstanding roles , as the title character in Captain Harlock from 1978 through the 1980s and 1990s ( Kōichi Yamadera of Neon Genesis Evangelion and Cowboy Bebop fame took over this role in 1998 ) , and Goemon Ishikawa XIII of Lupin III from 1977 to 2011 ( taking over from Chikao Ōtsuka , who played the role in 1971 and 1972 ) . They were succeeded in the role of Goemon by Daisuke Namikawa .
Filmography
Television animation
1960s
Astro Boy ( 1963 )
Big X ( 1964 )
The Amazing 3 ( 1965 )
Kimba the White Lion ( 1965 )
Princess Knight ( 1967 ) ( Prince Frank )
Sabu to Ichi Torimono Hikae ( 1968 ) ( Sabu )
Star of the Giants ( 1968 ) ( Mitsuru Hanagata )
1970s
Attack No . 1 ( 1970 ) ( Mitamura )
Andersen Stories ( 1971 ) ( Travelling Companion )
Wandering Sun ( 1971 ) ( Fanny )
Devilman ( 1972 ) ( Iwao Himura/Himmler )
Dokonjō Gaeru ( 1972 ) ( Hanagata )
Babel II ( 1973 ) ( Aoki )
Brave Raideen ( 1975 ) ( Riki Jinguuji )
Candy Candy ( 1976 ) ( William Albert Ardlay )
Gaiking ( 1976 ) ( Peter Richardson )
Lupin III Part II ( 1977 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Space Pirate Captain Harlock ( 1978 ) ( Captain Harlock )
Space Carrier Blue Noah ( 1979 ) ( Jrgens )
1980s
Honey Honey no Suteki na Bouken ( 1981 ) ( Phoenix )
Arcadia of My Youth : Endless Orbit SSX ( 1982 ) ( Captain Harlock )
Gyakuten ! Ippatsuman ( 1982 ) ( Minamoto no Yorimitsu )
Lupin III Part III ( 1984 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Goodbye Lady Liberty ( 1989 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
1990s
Lupin III : Mystery of the Hemingway Papers ! ( 1990 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Steal Napoleon 's Dictionary ! ( 1991 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : From Russia With Love ( 1992 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Voyage to Danger ( 1993 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Dragon of Doom ( 1994 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : The Pursuit of Harimao 's Treasure ( 1995 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : The Secret of Twilight Gemini ( 1996 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Island of Assassins ( 1997 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Crisis in Tokyo ( 1998 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : The Columbus Files ( 1999 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
2000s
Lupin III : Missed by a Dollar ( 2000 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Alcatraz Connection ( 2001 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Episode 0 : First Contact ( 2002 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Operation : Return the Treasure ( 2003 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Stolen Lupin ~ The Copy Cat is a Midsummer 's Butterfly~ ( 2004 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Samurai Champloo ( 2004 ) ( Mariya Enshirou )
Lupin III : An Angel 's Tactics – Fragments of a Dream Are the Scent of Murder ( 2005 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Seven Days Rhapsody ( 2006 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Elusiveness of the Fog ( 2007 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Sweet Lost Night ~Magic Lamp 's Nightmare Premonition~ ( 2008 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin the 3rd vs. Detective Conan ( 2009 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
2010s
Lupin III : The Last Job ( 2010 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
OVA
Area 88 ( Charlie )
Legend of the Galactic Heroes ( 1989 ) ( Flottillenadmiral Ansbach )
Queen Emeraldas ( 1998 ) ( Captain Harlock )
Lupin III : Return of the Magician ( 2002 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Green Vs. Red ( 2008 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Theatrical animation
Lupin III : Mystery of Mamo ( 1978 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : The Castle of Cagliostro ( 1979 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Mobile Suit Gundam : Soldiers of Sorrow ( 1981 ) ( Slegger Law )
Mobile Suit Gundam : Encounters in Space ( 1982 ) ( Slegger Law )
Lupin III : Legend of the Gold of Babylon ( 1985 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Toki no Tabibito -Time Stranger- ( 1986 ) ( Toshito Kutajima )
Lupin III : Farewell to Nostradamus ( 1995 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Lupin III : Dead or Alive ( 1996 ) ( Goemon Ishikawa XIII )
Video games
Zombie Revenge ( 1999 ) ( Rikiya Busujima )
Kessen II ( 2001 ) ( Cao Cao )
Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep ( 2010 ) ( Master Eraqus )
Kingdom Hearts III ( 2019 ) ( Master Eraqus )
Super Robot Wars T ( 2019 ) ( Captain Harlock )
Tokusatsu
Akumaizer 3 ( 1975 ) ( Zabitan )
Dubbing
Frankenstein Created Woman ( 1970 TV Asahi edition ) ( Anton ( Peter Blythe ) )
The Magnificent Seven ( 1974 TV Asahi edition ) ( Chico ( Horst Buchholz ) )
The Cassandra Crossing ( Major Stark ( John Phillip Law ) )
The Great Escape ( 1971 Fuji TV edition ) ( Lt. Cmdr . Eric Ashley-Pitt ( David McCallum ) )
The Greatest Story Ever Told ( Judas Iscariot ( David McCallum ) )
Help ! ( Paul McCartney )
The Kiss of the Vampire ( 1970 TBS edition ) ( Carl Ravna ( Barry Warren ) )
The Shining ( Jack Torrance ( Jack Nicholson ) )
References
External links
Official agency profile
1938 births
2019 deaths
Male voice actors from Yamanashi Prefecture
Japanese male video game actors
Japanese male voice actors
Aoni Production voice actors
20th-century Japanese male actors
21st-century Japanese male actors
Bhonga is an Indian Marathi-language drama film Produced by Amol Laxman Kagne , Shivaji Lotan Patil and Arun Hiraman Mahajan . directed by Shivaji Lotan Patil and written by the director themselves and Nishant Natharam Dhapse . Ramani Das has choreographed all songs . It features Amol Kagane and Dipti Dhotre in lead roles . The film also stars Kapil Kamble and Shripad Joshi . The film has managed to win a total of five awards like Best Picture , at the Maharashtra State Government 's 56th Film Awards . The film also won the Best Marathi Film award in the feature film category , at 66th National Film Awards .
Story
The film revolves around a middle-class Muslim family where a nine-month-old baby is suffering from a chronic disease named Cerebral hypoxia . This disease causes the amount of oxygen in the blood starts to drop and it impacts the brain . The family decides to leave their home and transfers to another place due to financial difficulties . The new house stands back from a mosque . The movie then recounts the story of the child 's father , uncle , and other villagers .
Casts
Amol Kagane
Dipti Dhotre
Kapil Kamble
Shripad Joshi
Development
A solo poster of Amol Kagne was revealed in August 2019 .
Accolades
References
6 .
External links
2020s Marathi-language films
Indian drama films
Best Marathi Feature Film National Film Award winners
2021 drama films
AES Andes S.A. , formerly AES Gener S.A. , is a producer and distributor of electricity based in Santiago , Chile . It is a subsidiary of American Company AES Corporation which operates in South America 's Andes region .
History
The business , formerly known as Chilectra Generacion , was first incorporated via public deed by the federal government in 1981 .
In 1987 , Chilectra was divided into three independent companies : two distributors ( Chilectra and Chilquinta ) and a generator and distributor ( Chilgener ) . The majority stake of Chilgener was acquired by AES in the year 2000 , as part of a financial transaction that led to the company being renamed AES Gener .
On 23 April 2021 , shareholders of the company agreed to change its name again to AES Andes .
Properties
AES Andes owns several engineering plants across the Andes , several of which run off hydroelectric or thermoelectric power . These properties are predominantly operated by regional subsidiaries of AES , such as Norgener S.A. , Alto Maipo SpA , and Sociedad Electrica Santiago . Some of their most important assets include the following :
Chivor Hydroelectric Power Plant : The Chivor Plant is a 1,000 MW hydroelectric plant based in Bogotá . It is the largest engineering project in Colombia , providing 8 % of the country 's electric power . Construction of this power plant began in 1970 and was completed in 1982 . Furthermore , prior to its acquisition by AES during 2000 as part of the company 's purchase of Gener SA , ownership of this property went through a series of transfers . Notably , the plant was sold by Interconexion Electrica to ISAGEN during 1995 , in accordance to a demerger resulting from the implementation of the Electric Power Act . A year later the general meeting of ISAGEN shareholders , under request from the Colombian federal government , sold off ownership of the Chivor plant to Gener S.A .
Tunjita Power Plant : Based in Macanal , and built in 2012 , the Tunjita plant draws upon the water flowing from its adjacent river 's deviation tunnel , in order to generate electrical power . Furthermore , this plant can be operated by remote-controls located from Gener 's : Chivor Hydroelectric Center : . It has 19.8 megawatts installed capacity , along with two 9.9-megawatt generation units .
Norgener : AES Andes currently possesses two coal-fueled , Norgener power plant based in Northern Chile , which are jointly owned by fellow subsidiary AES Energy , and operated through its own subsidiary Empresa Eléctrica Angamos S.A . Both units have 260-megawatt installed capacity , in addition to being integrated with 20-megawatt storage systems . AES Andes also possesses a third plant with 12-megawatt capacity , located at the Norgener power station in Los Andes . This solar powered plant , which AES acquired in 2009 , is utilized in order to bolster grid reliability and efficiency .
Electrica Angamos : In 2011 , construction of the 554 megawatt thermal power plant , : AES Energy Storage Angamos Battery Energy Storage System : was completed . It is a joint project with AES Andes , and its subsidiary : Empresa Eléctrica Angamos : . It is located in the town of Mejillones in Northern Chile , an important mining region in the country . Its current has a 2 megawatt grid energy storage solution that provides reserve energy in the event of power outages .
Cochrane Power Station : Jointly developed and owned by AES Andes ( which owns 60 % of the shares ) and DL Energy ( which owns 40 % of the shares ) , and located in Mejjillones in Northern Chile . This plant is coal-fired , and has a cross generating capacity of 531 megawatts . The plant 's primary utility is to provide electricity for Chile 's mining sector , which remains one of the nation 's key industries . In 2017 , Gener provided this plant with an energy storage project of 20 megawatts , which provides spinning reserves and grid reliability services directed towards Chile 's Norte Grande Interconnected System .
Guacolda : Located in Huasco . This coal-fired thermoelectric plant operates at roughly 608 megawatt capacity , and ownership is divided up between AES Andes , : Empresas Copec ( COP . SN ) : and : Inversiones Ultraterra : , with AES possessing roughly 50 % of the plant 's interests .
Maipo : Currently under construction . Maipo is expected to boast 531 megawatts of hydropower , and will be located in the southeast of Santiago City . Construction of this particular complex is being undertaken by the Austrian company : Strabag SE : , which currently owns a 7 % stake in the project .
Electrica Santiago : A subsidiary of AES Andes which operates four plants operates four plants ( `` Nueva Renca '' , `` Renca '' , `` Los Vientos '' , and `` Santa Lidia '' . These coal fired plants were acquired in 2011 , and generate a cumulative 750 megawatt output .
Languna Verde & Laguna Verde GT3 : This plant is located 30 kilometers south of Valparaíso , and has an installed capacity of 47 megawatts . It also possesses an open-cycle turbine containing 19 megawatts of power . This particular station is one of the oldest properties that AES Andes owns , having first been commissioned in 1939 . Although this plant was originally powered by coal , it has transitioned to diesel fuel .
ALFALFAL : Located in southeast Santiago . The ALFALFAL has two hydroelectric units , both of which first become operational during summer 1991 . This station uses energy generated from the Colorado River and olive groves to power its central pass , which hosts 178 megawatt capacity .
QUELTEHUES : The QUELTHESUS is a power plant with 49 megawatt capacity , and with three generating units . It is located on the right bank of the Maipo River , near San Gabriel in Cajón del Maipo .
Volcan : This hydroelectric plant is located near the Volcan River tributary of the Mapio . Drawing power from the generation flow of the river , this 13-megawatt plant provides electricity through its hydraulic technology .
Laja : This thermoelectric plant has been in service since 1995 and is located alongside a road leading to the city of Laja . It has a generating unit that produces 13 megawatts .
Electrica Ventanas : Located in Chile , and acquired by Gener in 2010 . The plant was originally built in 1964 then expanded in 1977 , 2010 and 2013 . This coal-fired plant has an installed megawatt capacity of 875 .
Electrica Campiche : Located in Chile , and acquired by Gener in 2013 . This coal fired plant has an installed megawatt capacity of 272 .
References
Energy companies established in 1921
Electric power companies of Chile
Chilean companies established in 1921
Companies based in Santiago
AES Corporation
Companies listed on the Santiago Stock Exchange
The members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly who served in the 19th parliament of New South Wales from 1901 to 1904 were elected at the 1901 state election on 3 July 1901 . The Speaker was William McCourt .
By-elections
Under the constitution , ministers were required to resign to recontest their seats in a by-election when appointed . These by-elections are only noted when the minister was defeated ; in general , they were elected unopposed .
See also
See ministry
Waddell ministry
Results of the 1901 New South Wales state election
Candidates of the 1901 New South Wales state election
References
Members of New South Wales parliaments by term
20th-century Australian politicians
The following is a list of Royal Air Force air chief marshals . The rank of air chief marshal is a four-star officer rank and currently the highest rank to which RAF officers may be promoted to in a professional capacity . Throughout the history of the RAF there have been 140 RAF officers promoted to air chief marshal and at present only one RAF officer holds the rank in an active capacity . They are Sir Michael Wigston , the Chief of the Air Staff ( the only dedicated RAF 4-star post ) .
The rank was first used in 1922 when Sir Hugh Trenchard the then Chief of the Air Staff was promoted . Up until the mid-1930s there was usually only one RAF officer in the rank of air chief marshal . During World War II , with the great expansion of the RAF , the number of air chief marshals active at any one time peaked at nine during the War . This number of air chief marshals was to remain approximately constant throughout the Cold War but after the British defence cuts of the mid-1990s there were only two dedicated 4-star RAF posts , namely the AOC-in-C , Strike Command and the Chief of the Air Staff . In 2007 with the reduction to a single command ( Air Command ) the RAF initially retained two air chief marshal posts ( the AOC-in-C , Air Command and the Chief of the Air Staff ) but in 2012 the post of AOC-in-C , Air Command was subsumed within the responsibilities of the Chief of the Air Staff leaving only a single dedicated RAF air chief marshal post .
List of air chief marshals
Number of air chief marshals by year
The following chart indicates the number of serving air chief marshals by year , as counted on 1 January each year .
Honorary air chief marshals
The Prince of Wales , promoted 1 January 1935 , assumed the rank of Marshal of the Royal Air Force on 21 January 1936
The Duke of Gloucester , promoted 27 October 1944
The Shah of Iran , promoted 5 May 1959
King Olav V of Norway , promoted 15 September 1959
Frederick IX of Denmark , promoted 15 September 1959
Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden , promoted 15 September 1959
King Hussein I bin Talal I of Jordan , promoted 19 July 1966
Princess Alice , Duchess of Gloucester , promoted 23 February 1990
The Sultan of Brunei , promoted 5 November 1992
The Duke of Kent , promoted 1 July 1996
The Prince of Wales , promoted 14 November 2006 promoted to Marshal of the Royal Air Force 16 June 2012
The Princess Royal , promoted 15 August 2020
See also
List of United States Air Force four-star generals
List of Royal Australian Air Force air marshals ( includes air chief marshals )
List of British Army full generals
List of Royal Marines full generals
List of Royal Navy admirals
References
External links
Air of Authority - A History of RAF Organisation - Air Chief Marshals
Lists of British military personnel
Lists of air marshals
Four-star officers
Gunahon Ka Faisla is a 1988 Indian Bollywood action film directed by Shibu Mitra and produced by Pahlaj Nihalani . It stars Shatrughan Sinha , Chunky Pandey and Dimple Kapadia in pivotal roles .
Cast
Shatrughan Sinha as Birju
Chunky Pandey as Sheru
Dimple Kapadia as Shanno / Durga ( Dual Role )
Pran as Forest Officer
Prem Chopra as Chaudhary
Danny Denzongpa as Chaudhary
Gulshan Grover as Chaudhary
Ranjeet as Chaudhary
Shakti Kapoor
Aruna Irani
Anjana Mumtaz
Sudhir as Shiva
Soundtrack
References
External links
1980s Hindi-language films
1988 films
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
Films directed by Shibu Mitra
Indian action films
Kemp Independent School District is a public school district based in Kemp , Texas ( USA ) .
In addition to Kemp , the district serves southern Kaufman County and northwest Henderson County , including parts of Seven Points .
In 2009 , the school district was rated `` academically acceptable '' by the Texas Education Agency .
Schools
Kemp High ( Grades 9-12 )
Kemp Junior High ( Grades 6-8 )
Kemp Intermediate ( Grades 3-5 )
Kemp Primary ( Grades PK-2 )
Facilities
Kemp ISD owns and operates several supports , fine arts and athletic facilities .
Kemp High School Campus Facilities
Library
Fine Arts wing , including a 650-seat auditorium
Band Hall with practice rooms , music library , office , and ensemble room
Jacket Stadium featuring a turf field , an all-weather track and metal stands
Baseball Stadium featuring a grass field , dugouts , and metal stands
Gymnasium
Athletic team and Band practice fields
Shot-put/Discus Pens
Kemp Jr. High School Campus Facilities
Cafetorium - a small auditorium used for numerous community events and daily lunch periods
Gymnasium
Library
Kemp Intermediate School and Administration Campus Facilities
Basketball Courts
Gymnasium
Board Room
Kemp Primary School
Playground
Library
`` Old 40 '' Support Facilities
Kemp ISD Transportation
Kemp ISD Maintenance
Traditions
Colors : Orange and White ( grey or black accents also occasionally used )
Mascot : Yellow Jackets
Mascot Name : Herbie
Kemp Homecoming has been held once every four years since 1956 . It is known to be the largest event in the community , with thousands of visitors and alumni visiting Kemp during Homecoming weekend . Festivities include class reunions , alumni dinners , a parade , athletic events , and street dances . Many in the community , including students , have proposed a traditional annual Homecoming event for the students while keeping the alumni festivities a quad-annual event .
References
External links
School districts in Kaufman County , Texas
School districts in Henderson County , Texas
Julien Leclercq ( born 7 August 1979 ) is a French film director , screenwriter and producer .
Julien Leclercq began their career in 2004 with the production of the short film Transit , in which they explored a retro-future world populated by half-flesh , half-metal beings . The short film got the attention of the producer Franck Chorot and Gaumont , who promptly offered Leclercq a budget of 8.7 million euros to produce their first feature film Chrysalis , the story of a police lieutenant ( played by Albert Dupontel ) who tries to find their wife 's killer in a Paris of 2025 . Leclercq returned to reality to undertake the ambitious project of L'Assaut , a film about the hijack of the Paris-Algiers flight in December 1994 .
Their work includes directing the 2013 film The Informant , producing the 2014 film L'Affaire SK1 , and writing and directing the 2015 film Braqueurs .
Filmography
External links
Living people
French film directors
French male screenwriters
French screenwriters
People from Somain , Nord
1979 births
French film producers
Altas may refer to :
Perpetual Altas , a Philippine sports team
Altaş , Ardahan , a village in Ardahan Province , Turkey
, a village in Afşin District , Kahramanmaraş Province , Turkey
See also
Altass , a village in Scotland
Alta ( disambiguation )
Atlas ( disambiguation )
Nehemiah 11 is the eleventh chapter of the Book of Nehemiah in the Old Testament of the Christian Bible , or the 21st chapter of the book of Ezra-Nehemiah in the Hebrew Bible , which treats the book of Ezra and the book of Nehemiah as one book . Jewish tradition states that Ezra is the author of Ezra-Nehemiah as well as the Book of Chronicles , but modern scholars generally accept that a compiler from the 5th century BCE ( the so-called `` Chronicler '' ) is the final author of these books . The chapter describes the repopulation of Jerusalem . Judahites ( 4-6 ) , Benjamites ( 7-9 ) , priests ( 10-14 ) , Levites ( 15-18 ) , gatekeepers ( 19 ) and `` the rest of Israel '' ( 20-21 ) . Roles in relation to leadership , maintenance and prayer in the Temple are allocated . The people cast lots and 1 of 10 are to volunteer to live in the city ( still having military duties ) whilst the remainder repopulate the surrounding areas ( possession of the land theme ) .
Text
The original text of this chapter is in Hebrew language . This chapter is divided into 36 verses .
Textual witnesses
Some early manuscripts containing the text of this chapter in Hebrew are of the Masoretic Text , which includes Codex Leningradensis ( 1008 ) .
There is also a translation into Koine Greek known as the Septuagint , made in the last few centuries BCE . Extant ancient manuscripts of the Septuagint version include Codex Vaticanus ( B ; B ; 4th century ) , Codex Sinaiticus ( S ; BHK : S ; 4th century ) , and Codex Alexandrinus ( A ; A ; 5th century ) .
Repopulation of Jerusalem ( 11:1–24 )
Jerusalem , as the provincial capital , already had a sizeable number of population , but mostly of the ruling class , close to leadership positions . Nehemiah was recorded as having 150 officials dining with them in . Anglican commentator H. E. Ryle refers to a suggestion that the rulers or princes , before Nehemiah took the matter in hand , had resided in the country .
However , the city needed more general population in order to grow . The people who would move to Jerusalem were determined by casting lots , one each out of groups of ten family representatives . The detailed list ( verses 3–24 ) demonstrates that each group living outside the city was well represented by families living within its walls .
Verse 1
And the rulers of the people dwelt at Jerusalem : the rest of the people also cast lots , to bring one of ten to dwell in Jerusalem the holy city , and nine parts to dwell in other cities ..
Jerusalem is also called `` the holy city verse 18 . Ryle notes that `` the occurrence of this title in Scripture may be illustrated by Isaiah 48:2 , For they call themselves of the holy city and Isaiah 52:1 , O Jerusalem , the holy city '' , see also Daniel 9:24 and Joel 3:17 . In the New Testament it occurs in Matthew 4:5 and Matthew 27:53 , see also Revelation 11:2 ; Revelation 21:2 ; Revelation 21:10 ; Revelation 22:19 . The New English Translation explains that `` the word 'hand ' is used here in the sense or a part or portion '' .
Verse 16
And Shabbethai and Jozabad , of the chief of the Levites , had the oversight of the outward business of the house of God .
`` Of the chief '' : Hebrew : `` who were of the heads '' .
`` House '' ( as in Hebrew ) : refers to the `` Temple '' .
Verse 23
For it was the king 's commandment concerning them , that a certain portion should be for the singers , due for every day .
`` The king 's commandment concerning them '' : Hebrew : `` the commandment of the king was over them '' .
`` A certain portion '' : or `` fixed share '' .
`` Due for every day '' : Hebrew : `` a thing of a day in its day '' .
Outside Jerusalem ( 11:25–36 )
This part scans the Jewish habitation outside Jerusalem with enclaves and settlements throughout the Judean countryside , listing the towns of Judah ( verses 25–30 ) , the towns of Benjamin ( verses 31–35 ) and a note on the dwellings of the Levites ( verse 36 ) .
Verse 31
Also the children of Benjamin from Geba dwelt in Michmash , Aija , and Bethel , and their villages ;
`` Also the children of '' : Hebrew MT reads ( ubene , `` and the sons of '' ) , but a few medieval Hebrew manuscripts and the Syriac Peshitta read ( umibene , `` and some of the descendants of '' ; cf . NLT ) .
Verse 36
And of the Levites were divisions in Judah , and in Benjamin .
Based on , the Levites was not given land as inheritance , for 'their portion was the Lord and the honor of their service ' , but they were given a share of specific towns among the various tribes of Israel .
See also
Jerusalem
Tribe of Benjamin
Related Bible parts : Joshua 21 , Nehemiah 10
Notes
References
Sources
Further reading
Blenkinsopp , Joseph , `` Ezra-Nehemiah : A Commentary '' ( Eerdmans , 1988 )
Blenkinsopp , Joseph , `` Judaism , the first phase '' ( Eerdmans , 2009 )
Coggins , R.J. , `` The Books of Ezra and Nehemiah '' ( Cambridge University Press , 1976 )
Ecker , Ronald L. , `` Ezra and Nehemiah '' , Ecker 's Biblical Web Pages , 2007 .
Grabbe , L.L. , `` Ezra-Nehemiah '' ( Routledge , 1998 )
Grabbe , L.L. , `` A history of the Jews and Judaism in the Second Temple Period , Volume 1 '' ( T & T Clark , 2004 )
Throntveit , Mark A . ( 1992 ) `` Ezra-Nehemiah '' . John Knox Press
External links
Jewish translations :
Nechemiah - Nehemiah - Chapter 11 ( Judaica Press ) translation [ with Rashi 's commentary ] at Chabad.org
Christian translations :
Online Bible at GospelHall.org ( ESV , KJV , Darby , American Standard Version , Bible in Basic English )
Book of Nehemiah Chapter 11 . Bible Gateway
11
Stan M. White is a North Carolina politician who served as a member of the North Carolina Senate . A Democrat , they were appointed to represent Senate District 1 following the resignation of Sen. Marc Basnight just before the opening of the 2011 session of the legislature . They went on to lose the 2012 election to retain their seat by 21 votes out of more than 87,000 casts . White announced plans to run for the seat again in 2014 .
White , who owns Stan White Realty and Construction on the Outer Banks , is a former Dare County commissioner and board chairperson , and a former North Carolina Board of Transportation member .
White attended Manteo High School and is a graduate of East Carolina University .
References
News & Observer : Panel elects Basnight successor
External links
Official site
County commissioners in North Carolina
Living people
North Carolina Democrats
North Carolina state senators
East Carolina University alumni
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Following is a list of municipal presidents of Zapopan , in the Mexican state of Jalisco :
References
Zapopan
Zapopan
Boonkerd Chaiyasin ( , born January 9 , 1996 ) , simply known as Tep ( ) , is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a striker for Thai League 3 club Lamphun Warrior .
External links
1996 births
Living people
Boonkerd Chaiyasin
Boonkerd Chaiyasin
Association football forwards
Boonkerd Chaiyasin
Boonkerd Chaiyasin
Boonkerd Chaiyasin
Boonkerd Chaiyasin
Boonkerd Chaiyasin
Boonkerd Chaiyasin
Ijah Halley ( born 14 August 2001 ) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as an winger for Scrosoppi FC .
Early life
Halley played youth soccer with the Woodbridge Strikers and Erin Mills SC . Halley joined the Toronto FC Academy in 2017 and featured with the second team Toronto FC II during some pre-season and exhibition matches .
Club career
On 27 April 2020 , Halley signed their first professional contract with Canadian Premier League side York9 ( which became York United the following year ) on a multi-year deal . They made their debut on August 15 against Atlético Ottawa , coming on as a substitute . After the 2021 season , Halley 's contract expired with the club and although the club remained in negotiations for a new contract , they did not come to an agreement .
In 2022 , they joined Scrosoppi FC in League1 Ontario .
Career statistics
Notes
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Canadian soccer players
Canadian people of Jamaican descent
Black Canadian soccer players
Soccer players from Brampton
League1 Ontario players
Canadian Premier League players
Woodbridge Strikers players
Toronto FC players
York United FC players
Scrosoppi FC players
The Kaliningrad Puppet Theatre ( ) is a puppet theatre in Kaliningrad , Russia . The building was originally the Königin-Luise-Gedächtniskirche ( Queen Louise Memorial Church ) , popularly known as the Luisenkirche , a Protestant church in Königsberg , Germany .
History
The Luisenkirche , the first church to be built outside the Königsberg city walls , was named in honour of Queen Louise of Prussia ( 1776–1810 ) , who was beloved by Königsbergers . Land and funds were donated primarily by the leading tobacco manufacturer Louis Großkopf and their wife , with additional funding coming from the banker and philanthropist Walter Simon , the industrialist Fritz Heumann , and A. Siebert .
The Neo-Romanesque building was designed by the architects Friedrich Heitmann and Franz Krah to serve the residential suburbs of Amalienau , Mittelhufen , and Vorderhufen . Constructed in Amalienau between 1899 and 1901 and dedicated on 9 September 1901 , the church was heavily damaged during World War II .
Königsberg became the Soviet city of Kaliningrad after the war , and the Soviet authorities planned to demolish the ruins in the 1960s . However , the architect Yuri Vaganov convinced officials that the building could be converted into a puppet theatre . Renovations were completed in 1976 . While the exterior of the building has largely retained its pre-war appearance , the interior has been redesigned to fit the needs of a theatre .
Gallery
References
1976 establishments in the Soviet Union
Puppet
Theatres completed in 1976
Puppet theaters
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Germany
Theatres in Russia
Tourist attractions in Kaliningrad Oblast
Churches completed in 1901
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Kaliningrad Oblast
In the geometry of numbers , Ehrhart 's volume conjecture gives an upper bound on the volume of a convex body containing only one lattice point in its interior . It is a kind of converse to Minkowski 's theorem , which guarantees that a centrally symmetric convex body K must contain a lattice point as soon as its volume exceeds . The conjecture states that a convex body K containing only one lattice point in its interior as its barycenter can not have volume greater than :
Equality is achieved in this inequality when is a copy of the standard simplex in Euclidean n-dimensional space , whose sides are scaled up by a factor of . Equivalently , is congruent to the convex hull of the vectors , and for all . Presented in this manner , the origin is the only lattice point interior to the convex body K .
The conjecture , furthermore , asserts that equality is achieved in the above inequality if and only if K is unimodularly equivalent to .
Ehrhart proved the conjecture in dimension 2 and in the case of simplices .
References
.
Geometry of numbers
Convex analysis
Conjectures
The Franklin County Courthouse , located in Courthouse Square on Main Street in Ottawa , is the seat of government of Franklin County , Kansas . The courthouse was built in 1892 . Although Ottawa had been the county seat since 1864 , it lacked a permanent courthouse prior to then . Architect George P. Washburn designed the courthouse in the Romanesque Revival style ; the red brick courthouse is considered one of Washburn 's `` most outstanding works '' . The design features four square corner towers , a typical feature of Washburn 's designs ; two cupolas on the roof include a bell tower and a clock tower . The intricate roof design includes a main hipped roof with gable ends on each side and steep hipped roofs atop the towers . The roofline is ridged with a metal spine , and a dentillated cornice runs beneath the roof 's edge . The east and west entrances to the courthouse are through large porches supported by brick columns and topped with balconies . The second-story windows are arched and connected by a band of stone .
The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 17 , 1972 .
References
External links
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Romanesque Revival architecture in Kansas
Government buildings completed in 1893
Buildings and structures in Ottawa , Kansas
County courthouses in Kansas
National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County , Kansas
Piscataquis County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine . As of the 2020 census , its population was 16,800 , making it Maine 's least-populous county . Its county seat is Dover-Foxcroft . The county was incorporated on 23 March 1838 , taken from the western part of Penobscot County and the eastern part of Somerset County . It is named for an Abenaki word meaning `` branch of the river '' or `` at the river branch . ''
It is located at the geographic center of Maine . Originally it extended north to the Canada–US border , but in 1844 its northern portion was annexed by Aroostook County . In land area , Piscataquis is one of the largest U.S. counties east of the Mississippi River . It is also one of two counties in the Northeast ( and seven counties east of the Mississippi River ) that meet Frederick Jackson Turner 's requirements for `` frontier '' country – that is , having fewer than six inhabitants per square mile , the other being Hamilton County , New York .
Baxter State Park , a large wilderness preserve , is located in Piscataquis County .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 9.5 % ) is water . It is the second-largest county in Maine by area . The largest lake in the county is Moosehead Lake at . The highest natural point in the county and the state of Maine is Mount Katahdin at 5,271 feet ( 1,606 meters ) , while the geographic center is Greeley Landing in the Town of Dover-Foxcroft .
Adjacent counties
Aroostook County – north
Penobscot County – southeast
Somerset County – west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 census , there were 17,235 people , 7,278 households , and 4,854 families residing in the county . The population density was 4 people per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . There were 13,783 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 97.84 % White , 0.21 % Black or African American , 0.52 % Native American , 0.27 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 0.14 % from other races , and 1.00 % from two or more races . 0.52 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 23.6 % were of English , 16.4 % French , 15.3 % United States or American and 11.5 % Irish ancestry according to Census 2000 . 96.9 % spoke English and 2.0 % French as their first language .
There were 7,278 households , out of which 28.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 54.10 % were married couples living together , 8.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 33.30 % were non-families . 27.80 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 14.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.83 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 23.40 % under the age of 18 , 5.70 % from 18 to 24 , 26.00 % from 25 to 44 , 27.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 17.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 42 years . For every 100 females there were 96.40 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 95.20 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 28,250 , and the median income for a family was $ 34,852 . Males had a median income of $ 28,149 versus $ 20,241 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 14,374 . About 11.20 % of families and 14.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 17.80 % of those under age 18 and 13.90 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census , there were 17,535 people , 7,825 households , and 4,948 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 15,340 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.9 % white , 0.7 % Asian , 0.5 % American Indian , 0.3 % black or African American , 0.3 % from other races , and 1.2 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 21.4 % were English , 16.5 % were Irish , 13.6 % were American , 8.7 % were German , 5.5 % were Scottish , and 5.3 % were French Canadian .
Of the 7,825 households , 23.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 50.1 % were married couples living together , 8.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , 36.8 % were non-families , and 30.5 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.70 . The median age was 48.1 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 34,016 and the median income for a family was $ 43,821 . Males had a median income of $ 34,575 versus $ 28,014 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,870 . About 12.3 % of families and 16.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 24.9 % of those under age 18 and 12.6 % of those age 65 or over .
Religion
Piscataquis County has one of the lowest rates of religious adherence in the United States . The county ranks at 3,085 of 3,148 counties ( lowest 2 % ) , with 20.5 % of the population regularly attending congregations or claiming religious membership .
In Maine , Piscataquis County ranks tenth of the 16 counties in percentage of religious adherents . The State of Maine has the lowest percentage of religious adherents in the United States at 27 % .
Government and politics
County officials
The following individuals hold county offices :
Interim County Manager : Tom Lizotte
County Treasurer : Johanna Greenfield
Mayor : Paul Paydos
Finance Administrator : Kathy Walsh
Sheriff : Robert Young
EMA Director : Tom Capraro
Probate Register : Donna Peterson
Deeds Register : Linda Smith
District Attorney : R. Chris Almy
DA Administrative Assistant : Corinna Rackliff
Head of Maintenance : Josh York
Judge of Probate : James R.Austin
County Commissioners and Districts
Piscataquis County is administered by three County Commissioners , each representing one of the three county districts . They are elected for four-year terms . A term of office begins on January 1 following the election in November . County Commissioner meetings are typically held on the 1st and 3rd Tuesdays of the month at the County Courthouse in Dover-Foxcroft . The meetings begin at 8:30 a.m. and continue until the agenda for the meeting has been addressed .
County Commissioners :
District 1 : Eric P. Ward
District 2 : James D. Annis
District 3 : Frederick Trask
County Districts :
District 1 includes the towns of Abbot , Beaver Cove , Greenville , Guilford , Kingsbury Plt , Monson , Parkman , Shirley , Wellington and the Unorganized Territories of Blanchard , Elliotsville and Northwest Piscataquis .
District 2 includes the towns of Dover-Foxcroft , Sangerville and
Willimantic .
District 3 includes the towns of Bowerbank , Brownville , Lake View Plt , Medford , Milo , Sebec and the Unorganized Territories of Atkinson , Barnard , Ebeeme , Katahdin Iron Works , Orneville , Williamsburg and Northeast Piscataquis
County .
Voter registration
Elections
County Commissioner
In the 2012 Piscataquis County Commissioner District 2 election , Republican candidate James Annis received 52 % of the vote . Democratic candidate Susan Mackey-Andrews received 48 % . In the District 3 election , Republican incumbent Frederick Trask received 50.2 % ( 1,282 votes ) and Democratic candidate Donald Crossman received 49.8 % ( 1,271 votes ) – a difference of 11 votes , confirmed after a recount .
Governor
In the Maine gubernatorial election , 2010 , Republican candidate Paul LePage received the most votes in Piscataquis County with 48.4 % . Three Independent candidates ran in this election : Eliot Cutler received the second most Piscatquis votes with 36.5 % of the total , Shawn Moody received 3.1 % and Kevin Scott , 1 % . Democratic candidate , Libby Mitchell received the third most votes in the county with 10.9 % of the total . Paul LePage was elected governor .
In the Maine gubernatorial election , 2006 , Republican candidate Chandler Woodcock received the most votes in Piscataquis County with 37.7 % . Democratic candidate , incumbent governor John Baldacci received 34.5 % . Independent candidate Barbara Merrill received 19.7 % , Green party candidate Pat LaMarche received 7.4 % , and Phillip Morris NaPier received .63 % of the Piscataquis vote . John Baldacci was reelected governor .
In the Maine gubernatorial election , 2002 , Democratic candidate John Baldacci received the most votes in Piscataquis County with 50.4 % . Republican candidate Peter Cianchette received 42.9 % of the county vote and Green Party candidate , Jonathan Carter received 5.1 % . John Baldacci was elected governor .
In the Maine gubernatorial election , 1998 , Independent candidate Angus King received the most votes in Piscataquis County with 50.2 % . Republican candidate James Longley , Jr. received 26.6 % , Democratic candidate Tom Connolly received 10.7 % . Other candidates split 12.5 % of the vote . Angus King was elected governor .
US House
Piscataquis County is entirely within Maine 's 2nd congressional district , which comprises 80 % of the state and is the largest district by land area east of the Mississippi River .
In the United States House of Representatives elections in Maine , 2012 , incumbent Democratic candidate Michael Michaud received the most Piscataquis County votes with 53 % of the total . Republican candidate , Kevin Raye received 47 % . Michael Michaud was reelected to the House .
US Senate
In the United States Senate election in Maine , 2012 , Independent candidate and former Maine governor , Angus King received the most votes in Piscataquis County with 45.7 % of the vote . Republican candidate , Charlie Summers received 40.1 % and Democratic candidate Cynthia Dill received 10.4 % . Stephen M. Woods received 136 votes , Andrew I . Dodge received 126 votes and Danny F. Dalton , 76 votes . Angus King was elected to the Senate .
President
In the 2012 United States presidential election , Republican candidate Mitt Romney received the most votes in Piscataquis County with 50.6 % . Democratic incumbent Barack Obama received 46.3 % . Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson received 1.5 % and Green Independent candidate Jill Stein received 1.24 % . There were a total of 30 `` write in '' votes ; 29 of these were for Ron Paul and 1 for Rocky Anderson . Barack Obama was reelected President .
Since 2000 , Piscataquis County has generally been the most reliably Republican county in Maine , and New England . In 2008 , Piscataquis was the only county in New England to vote for John McCain , by a margin of 355 votes or 3.8 % over Barack Obama , with Obama winning Maine by a 17.3 % margin over McCain . In 2012 , Piscataquis was only one of 5 counties in New England to support Republican candidate Mitt Romney . Republican candidate Donald Trump carried the county in 2016 while greatly improving on Romney 's performance . They won it again in 2020 with 62 % of the vote , marking the first time a Republican presidential candidate won Piscataquis County with over 60 % of the vote since Ronald Reagan in 1984 .
In 2004 , the county was one of only two in Maine to vote for Bush over John Kerry . Bush won by a 9 % margin over Kerry , with Kerry winning the state by a virtually even margin over Bush .
In the 2000 U.S. presidential election , George W. Bush carried the county by an 11.9 % margin over Al Gore , with Gore carrying the state by a 5.1 % margin over Bush .
In 1996 , Bill Clinton carried the county with 48.7 % of the vote , the first Democrat to do so since 1968 .
In the 1992 presidential election , independent Ross Perot won a plurality 36.8 % in the county , one of three counties they won in the state .
Communities
Towns
Abbot
Beaver Cove
Bowerbank
Brownville
Dover-Foxcroft ( county seat )
Greenville
Guilford
Medford
Milo
Monson
Parkman
Sangerville
Sebec
Shirley
Wellington
Willimantic
Plantations
Kingsbury Plantation
Lake View Plantation
Census-designated places
Dover-Foxcroft
Greenville
Guilford
Milo
Survey Townships
T1-R9 WELS
Unorganized territories
Atkinson
Blanchard
Southeast Piscataquis
Northeast Piscataquis
Northwest Piscataquis
Notable residents
Berenice Abbott , photographer
David Mallett , singer-songwriter
Sir Hiram Stevens Maxim , inventor
Sir Harry Oakes , philanthropist
Roxanne Quimby , business person
Max Schubel , composer
Oswald Tippo , botanist
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Piscataquis County , Maine
Notes
References
External links
Official website of Piscataquis County
History of Piscataquis County , Maine : From Its Earliest Settlement to 1880 . By Amasa Loring . Published 1880 .
Piscataquis County Economic Development Council
Piscataquis Chamber of Commerce
Moosehead Lake Region Chamber of Commerce
Three Rivers Community Alliance
University of Maine Cooperative Extension Piscataquis County Office
Maine counties
Maine placenames of Native American origin
1838 establishments in Maine
Populated places established in 1838
Brian Wynne Oakley , ( 10 October 1927 – 17 August 2012 ) was a British civil servant and industrialist who took a leading role in the area of information technology , especially the 1980s Alvey Programme .
In World War II , Oakley served with the Royal Signals as a subaltern . They then studied science at Exeter College , Oxford . Later they became a Fellow of the Institute of Physics and the British Computer Society . In 1950 they joined the Telecommunications Research Establishment ( TRE ) where they undertook research in telecommunications and civilian applications of military research . They then worked in Whitehall as a civil servant , joining the Ministry of Technology under the Harold Wilson government in 1969 . Subsequently , they became the chief official of the Science and Engineering Research Council ( SERC ) .
Oakley was director of the United Kingdom Alvey Programme ( 1983–87 ) , a British government-sponsored research programme for projects in the area of information technology , initiated as a reaction to the Japanese Fifth generation computer project .
They went on to be chairperson of the software company Logica .
They chaired the managing board of the Computer Centre of the University of London , an important UK supercomputing centre , and was a director of the European Initiative for Quantum Computing .
From 1988–89 , Oakley was president of the British Computer Society .
In 1991 , on hearing that British Telecom planned to dispose of its site at Bletchley Park for housing , together with Tony Sale , they helped to save the site and establish the Bletchley Park Trust and became a director of the Trust . They were chairperson of the Computer Conservation Society from 1996 to 2000 .
Oakley was a Commander of the Order of the British Empire . They received honorary doctorates from Sheffield Hallam University ( 1994 ) and the University of Essex ( 1998 ) .
References
1927 births
2012 deaths
Alumni of Exeter College , Oxford
Bletchley Park people
British chief executives
British civil servants
British computer scientists
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
History of computing in the United Kingdom
People in information technology
Fellows of the British Computer Society
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
Presidents of the British Computer Society
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Corps of Signals officers
20th-century British businesspeople
Uniform is an American industrial metal band , formed in 2013 in New York by vocalist Michael Berdan and guitarist Ben Greenberg . The current line-up of the band features Mike Sharp on drums .
History
Greenberg previously played with The Men and Pygmy Shrews whereas Berdan sang for Drunkdriver and York Factory Complaint . The band came together after Greenberg and Berdan , who played in bands 3 years prior , started living on the same street . The duo recorded their eponymous 12 '' single , which was released in 2014 . Their debut studio album , 2015 's Perfect World , was issued on Alter Records . For the release of 2016 's Ghosthouse EP , the band signed to Sacred Bones Records .
2017 saw the release of the band 's second album , Wake in Fright . Following the tour with experimental metal band The Body , Berdan contributed to their 2018 album I Have Fought Against It , But I Ca n't Any Longer. , and the bands released a collaborative record Mental Wounds Not Healing . The band also enlisted Liturgy and Zs drummer Greg Fox for its third studio album , 2018 's The Long Walk . A second collaborative album with The Body , titled Everything That Dies Someday Comes Back , was issued in 2019 . In January 2020 , the band released the track `` Awakening '' as a part of the Adult Swim single series . In June 2020 , the band announced their fourth album , Shame , and released its lead single `` Delco '' . The second single from the album , `` Dispatches From the Gutter , '' was released in July 2020 with an accompanying music video . Released on September 11 , 2020 , the record was mixed by Randall Dunn and features Mike Sharp on drums . In the same year , the band contributed the track `` Catholic Town '' to Jesse Draxler 's compilation , Reigning Cement .
Musical style
Uniform 's style has been described as industrial metal , noise rock , industrial rock and industrial punk . The band incorporates elements from industrial music , thrash metal and power electronics ; according to Luca Cimarusti of Chicago Reader , the band `` continually streamlined their sound , toying with Wax Trax ! industrial , straightforward punk , and electronic synth swaths—sometimes all at once . '' Their second record , Wake in Fright , has brought together elements from EBM , hardcore and noise , while `` leaning more heavily towards their hardcore and metal heritage '' than their debut album , Perfect . AllMusic 's Paul Simpson compared the record to `` an overdriven version of Ministry 's most thrash-influenced material , while likening Berdan 's vocals to those of David Yow and `` a severely electroshocked David Thomas . '' Pitchfork 's Andy O'Connor has compared the `` mangled , mid-paced guitar riffs '' on The Long Walk to `` Celtic Frost recorded through a series of budget amps and distortion pedals , then played at deafening volume . ''
The band 's live setup features heavy use of drum machines , bass synthesizers and multiple guitar amplifiers ; Berdan additionally works on electronic instruments such as synthesizers and sequencers while Greenberg handles drum programming , synthesizer parts and production . Perfect World was recorded with a single bass synthesizer and a drum machine ; for its follow-up Wake in Fright , the band sought to `` get a bigger sound '' by the use of sampling and sequencing on Pro Tools . Samples of gunshots and explosions were also used to produce rhythm tracks . Introduction of on Greg Fox 's live drums on The Long Walk necessitated pre-production and modifications on Greenberg 's guitar rig ; their modified rig enabled them to trigger the bass synthesizer while playing the guitar . Live drums on the follow-up record , Shame , were performed by Mike Sharp ; the record featured `` various shades of heavy , electronically charged rock , '' while incorporating elements from doom metal , black metal and thrash metal .
Members
Current members
Michael Berdan — vocals , electronics ( 2013—present )
Ben Greenberg — guitar , bass , programming , electronics ( 2013—present )
Mike Sharp — drums , electronics ( 2019—present )
Past members
Greg Fox — drums , electronics ( 2017—2018 )
Touring members
Blaze Bateh — drums ( 2019 )
Discography
Studio albums
Perfect World ( 2015 )
Wake in Fright ( 2017 )
The Long Walk ( 2018 )
Shame ( 2020 )
Collaborative albums
Mental Wounds Not Healing ( 2018 ; with The Body )
Everything That Dies Someday Comes Back ( 2019 ; with The Body )
Live at the End of the World ( 2020 ; live album with The Body )
EPs
Ghosthouse ( 2016 )
Singles
`` Our Blood '' / `` Of Sound Mind and Body '' ( 2014 )
`` Ghosthouse '' ( 2016 )
`` Tabloid '' ( 2016 )
`` The Killing of America '' ( 2017 )
`` Come and See '' ( 2018 ; with The Body )
`` The Walk '' ( 2018 )
`` Penance '' ( 2019 ; with The Body )
`` Not Good Enough '' ( 2019 ; with The Body )
`` Awakening '' ( 2020 )
`` Delco '' ( 2020 )
`` Dispatches From the Gutter '' ( 2020 )
`` Shame '' ( 2020 )
Music videos
`` Tabloid '' ( 2016 ; dir . Jim Larson )
`` The Killing of America '' ( 2017 ; dir . Yussef Cole )
`` The Walk '' ( 2018 ; dir . Danny Perez )
`` Day of Atonement '' ( 2019 ; dir . Alexander Barton ; with The Body )
`` Dispatches From the Gutter '' ( 2020 ; dir . Jacqueline Castel )
`` Life in Remission '' ( 2020 ; dir . A.F . Cortes )
`` The Shadow of God 's Hand '' ( 2021 ; dir . John Bradburn )
References
External links
Musical groups established in 2013
Rock music duos
American noise rock music groups
American industrial metal musical groups
Rock music groups from New York ( state )
Heavy metal musical groups from New York ( state )
Musical groups from New York City
American musical duos
American musical trios
Sacred Bones Records artists
2013 establishments in New York City
Heavy metal duos
Jesper Urban Jansson ( born 8 January 1971 ) is a former professional footballer and the director of football at Hammarby IF .
Playing career
Jansson was a member of the Sweden Olympic football team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona . Jansson earned one cap for the Sweden national team , making their only appearance in 1994 in a Joe Robbie Cup match against the United States .
Jansson was the captain of AIK during the season 1994-1995 . Their move to rival club Djurgårdens IF in 1996 was not a popular one amongst fans especially for a hooligan firm associated with AIK called Firman Boys . After leaving the club Jansson received death threats and had their door painted orange ( the color of Firman Boys ) with the text Judas . One of the reasons for them subsequently leaving Djurgårdens IF in 1997 for Norwegian club Stabæk Fotball was because of this intimidation . Even after moving to another country and securing a protected identity they would still go on to receive threats .
They were a part of the Helsingborgs IF team that eliminated Inter Milan to qualify for the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League .
Post-playing career
After retiring , Jansson was the general manager at Helsingborgs IF between 2008 and 2014 . In 2015 , they were appointed head scout at F.C . Copenhagen , but left a year later .
On 28 April 2017 , Jansson was appointed as director of football of Hammarby IF .
Personal life
They are the brother of former professional footballer Ulrik Jansson and the father of the professional footballer Kevin Höög Jansson .
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
People from Växjö
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Swedish expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Olympic footballers of Sweden
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Östers IF players
AIK Fotboll players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Helsingborgs IF players
Stabæk Fotball players
K.R.C . Genk players
Högaborgs BK players
Allsvenskan players
Eliteserien players
Belgian First Division A players
Hammarby Fotboll directors and chairpeople
Sportspeople from Kronoberg County
Myles Jones ( born March 15 , 1993 ) , is an American professional lacrosse player with Redwoods Lacrosse Club of the Premier Lacrosse League . They attended Walt Whitman High School in Huntington Station , New York , completed a post-graduate year at Salisbury School in Salisbury , Connecticut and played collegiate lacrosse at Duke University .
MLL career
Jones was selected 1st overall in the 2016 Major League Lacrosse draft by the Atlanta Blaze . After just 2 games with Atlanta , they were traded to the Chesapeake Bayhawks along with Atlanta 's 2017 2nd round college draft pick for midfielder Matt Mackrides and Chesapeake 's 2017 1st round college draft pick .
In 2017 , Jones was selected to the MLL All Star Game and was named the Star Game MVP after scoring 4 goals and an assist , including the game winning goal .
PLL career
In October 2018 , it was announced that Jones was one of over 140 players who had signed contracts agreeing to play in the newly formed Premier Lacrosse League . Jones was selected to play in the 2019 PLL All-Star Game for Team Baptiste .
On February 29 , 2020 , Jones was traded from Chaos to Redwoods in exchange for Sergio Salcido and a second round pick in the 2020 PLL College Draft .
NLL career
Jones was a fourth round pick of the New England Black Wolves in the 2016 NLL Entry Draft , however they never played for the team , citing unfamiliarity with the indoor game . On September 13 , 2019 , their rights were traded to the expansion New York Riptide , along with Ryan Fournier and the 24th overall pick in the 2019 NLL Entry Draft , in exchange for Jordan Dunston . On January 20 , 2020 , Jones agreed to a protected practice player contract with the Riptide of the National Lacrosse League , making their NLL debut five days later .
Awards and achievements
College
2013 NCAA Division I Men 's Lacrosse Championship Winner ( Duke )
2014 NCAA Division I Men 's Lacrosse Championship Winner ( Duke )
2014 USILA Second Team All-American
2015 USILA First Team All-American
2015 Lt. Donald MacLaughlin Jr. Award
2016 USILA First Team All-American
2016 Lt. Donald MacLaughlin Jr. Award
Professional
2019 PLL All-Star
Statistics
PLL
Reference :
MLL
NLL
NCAA
Endorsements
On August 10 , 2016 it was announced that Jones signed a multi-year endorsement deal with Adidas .
References
Living people
American lacrosse players
Lacrosse players from New York ( state )
1993 births
Major League Lacrosse players
Duke Blue Devils men 's lacrosse players
Lacrosse midfielders
Premier Lacrosse League players
Chesapeake Bayhawks players
People from Rockville Centre , New York
Sportspeople from Nassau County , New York
New York Riptide
National Lacrosse League players
Atlanta Blaze
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
The Minister in Charge of Tourist Activities and Immigration was a ministry in the government of New South Wales , responsible for promoting New South Wales as a place to visit and encouraging migration through its offices in London , and for the management of government-owned resorts . It was created in 1946 and abolished in 1950 .
Role and responsibilities
A government agency responsible for tourism and immigration was first created in 1905 , the Intelligence Department , whose duties were `` designed to make the attractions and possibilities of the State better known at home and a abroad , and to promote settlement on the land and to encourage immigration '' . It was renamed the Immigration and Tourist Bureau in 1908 . In 1919 the bureau was divided into two separate agencies , with immigration becoming the responsibility of the Minister for Labour and Industry while the Tourist Bureau was the responsibility of the Chief Secretary . In 1938 Management of the Tourist Bureau was transferred to the Department of Railways . The responsibilities of the Tourist Bureau were managing the tourist resorts at Jenolan Caves , Jenolan Caves House , Abercrombie Caves , Yarrangobilly Caves , Wombeyan Caves and Hotel Kosciusko . The also conducted tours and published promotional material on NSW tourist attractions .
The elevation of tourist activities to a ministerial level was controversial . The Premier William McKell stated that there was a need for a Minister to devote themselves to these matters and that `` It is becoming increasingly , recognised , not only here but throughout the world , that we have much to offer the tourist , but to take full advantage of our opportunities we must take active steps to organise the trade and provide the facilities required '' . The Sydney Morning Herald criticised the unnecessary cost of the portfolio , stating there was no justification for the new office as immigration was a commonwealth matter and the political sphere was the worst way to develop tourist activities .
The portfolio was abolished in the third McGirr ministry , with a new portfolio of immigration , while tourism ceased to be represented at a ministerial level until the fourth Cahill ministry in 1959 .
List of ministers
Notes
References
Housing
New South Wales
Cataxia colesi is a species of spider native to south-western Australia . The species has an extremely small distribution range , restricted to individual sky islands in the Stirling Range National Park . It digs burrows up to 20 cm deep .
References
Idiopidae
Spiders of Australia
Arthropods of Western Australia
Spiders described in 2017
The Cross-Linguistic Linked Data ( CLLD ) project coordinates over a dozen linguistics databases covering the languages of the world . It is hosted by the Department of Linguistic and Cultural Evolution at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany ( previously at the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History in Jena ) .
Databases and projects
Glottolog
World Atlas of Language Structures ( WALS )
World Loanword Database ( WOLD )
Atlas of Pidgin and Creole Language Structures ( APICS )
Automated Similarity Judgment Program ( ASJP )
Intercontinental Dictionary Series ( IDS )
Electronic World Atlas of Varieties of English ( eWAVE )
A world-wide survey of affix borrowing ( AfBo )
South American Indigenous Language Structures Online ( SAILS )
PHOIBLE
Tsammalex
Comparative Siouan Dictionary ( CSD )
Concepticon
Dogon languages
Database of Cross-Linguistic Colexifications
Glottobank ( includes Lexibank , Grambank , Phonobank , Parabank , Numeralbank )
Dictionaria
Australian Message Stick Database ( AMSD )
Language Description Heritage ( LDH )
Cross-Linguistic Data Formats ( CLDF )
Cross-Linguistic Transcription Systems ( CLTS )
Language Description Heritage ( LDH ) open-access library
References
External links
Cross-Linguistic Linked Data
CLLD on Zenodo
Lexibank on Zenodo
Linguistics databases
Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology
Agriterribacter is a Gram-negative , aerobic , non-spore-forming and non-motile genus of bacteria from the family of Chitinophagaceae with one known species ( Agriterribacter humi ) .
References
Chitinophagia
Bacteria genera
Monotypic bacteria genera
Taxa described in 2020
The 1950 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 20th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928 .
Tipperary entered the championship as the defending champions .
On 3 September 1950 Kilkenny won the championship following a 3-4 to 1-5 defeat of Tipperary in the All-Ireland final . This was their fourth All-Ireland title and their first in 14 championship seasons .
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Kilkenny defeat Tipperary in the championship for the first time since 1935 .
References
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Rain ( also : Rain ( Lech ) ) is a town in the Donau-Ries district , in Bavaria , Germany . It is situated on the river Lech , close to its confluence with the Danube , 11 km east of Donauwörth .
Rain is on the B16 road and served by the Ingolstadt–Neuoffingen railway ( part of the Danube Valley Railway—Donautalbahn ) , both of which run between Ulm and Regensburg .
The earliest reference to Rain is in a document of the Niederschönenfeld monastery dated 4 July 1257 , wherein it is described as a `` civitas nostra '' or ducal town . It is most probable that Rain was founded during the reign of Otto II Wittelsbach , Duke of Bavaria ( 1248–1253 ) or at the latest in the reign of Louis II , Duke of Bavaria ( 1253–1294 ) before 1257 .
Rain was founded for economic and strategic reasons . The town protected Bavaria from the northwest and collected customs from its bridge over the river Lech .
On 15 April 1632 during the Thirty Years War the Battle of Rain took place . The Protestant army of Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden defeated the army of the Catholic League commanded by Johann Tserclaes von Tilly . Tilly withdrew their troops to Ingolstadt , where they died from tetanus from an infected gunshot wound in their thigh .
In 1914 a monument commemorating Tilly was erected in front of Rain 's Rococo town hall . Rain 's architectural heritage also includes the Roman Catholic parish church of St John the Baptist , which features late Gothic frescoes dating from about 1480 . There is also the Swabian Gate , the historic Spital with its All Saints ' chapel and the former Castle .
Rain has three museums : the Lachner Brothers Museum , Homeland Museum and Jean-Duprai-Museum . The four Lachner brothers , Theodor , Franz , Ignaz and Vinzenz , were nineteenth-century German composers , all of whom were born in the town .
Other historic figures from Rain include lawyer and astronomer Johann Bayer ( 1562–1625 ) , humanist Georg Tannstetter ( 1482–1535 ) and pianist Michael Raucheisen ( 1889–1984 ) .
Rain is the headquarters of the Dehner chain of garden centres , which employs 1,100 people in the town . Rain 's other industries include a sugar refinery employing 240-280 people .
Rain is twinned with Tougan , capital of the province of Sourou in Burkina Faso .
Mayors
Otto Spreitler , temporary ( 1945 )
Josef Müller ( 1945–1948 )
Carl Faig ( 1948–1966 )
Karl Würmseher , PWG ( 1966–1990 )
Gerhard Martin , SPD ( 1990-2020 )
Karl Rehm , PWG ( since 2020 )
Other people
Georg Tannstetter , called Collimitius ( 1482-1535 ) , Scholar and Humanist
Johannes Bayer ( 1572-1625 ) , jurist and creator of the Uranometria
Franz Lachner ( 1803-1890 ) , musician
Ignaz Lachner ( 1807-1895 ) , musician
Vinzenz Lachner ( 1811-1893 ) , musician
Michael Raucheisen ( 1889-1984 ) , pianist and composer
Georg Weber ( 1910-1986 ) , entrepreneur
Dieter Reiter ( born 1958 ) , politician ( SPD ) , Mayor of Munich since May 2014
References
Donau-Ries
The orange-breasted bunting ( Passerina leclancherii ) is a species of passerine bird in the family Cardinalidae . It is endemic to Mexico , where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland . With its wide range and large total population , the International Union for Conservation of Nature considers it as being of `` least concern '' .
Description
The orange-breasted bunting grows to a length of about and is slightly smaller than the rose-bellied bunting ( Passerina rositae ) , which shares its range . The adult male has a pale green crown , turquoise blue nape and upper parts , often tinged with green , and a turquoise tail . The lores , eye-ring and underparts are canary yellow , deepening to golden-orange on the breast . The adult female has greyish-green upper parts and yellow underparts . The iris is dark brown , and the beak and legs are grey . The song is a rather plaintive warble , rather slower and less drawn out than that of other members of the genus .
Distribution and habitat
The orange-breasted bunting is endemic to Mexico . Its range extends from the Pacific coast in southern Nayarit , Jalisco , Michoacán and Guerrero to western Chiapas , and inland to the western part of Puebla , an area of about . It inhabits tropical dry forest and arid scrubland , thorny thickets , bushy deciduous woodland , clearings and woodland edges , at altitudes up to about . It has a patchy distribution , not being present in some areas of apparently suitable habitat . It is more abundant in secondary growth than in undisturbed forest . The species was introduced to the Hawaiian island of Oahu in 1941 but did not become established , and was extirpated by 1952 .
Ecology
The birds form small groups when foraging or may forage in pairs . The diet of this species has not been studied , but in general , buntings in this genus are seed-eaters , with some fruit and invertebrates being eaten . Birds in captivity will consume white millet , hemp seed and thistle seed , as well as hard sweet apples , ant cocoons and mealworms . Breeding takes place in the wet season in May and June . The nest is a cup-shaped structure formed of rootlets , grasses and dry leaves , with a softer lining and is built in a low bush or thick scrub . A clutch of three or four bluish-white or greenish-white eggs are laid .
Status
This bird has a wide range and large total population . No particular threats have been identified and the population seems stable , so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
orange-breasted bunting
Birds of Mexico
Endemic birds of Mexico
orange-breasted bunting
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2020 LA Galaxy II season was the club 's seventh season of existence , and their seventh season in the USL Championship , the second tier of the United States Soccer Pyramid .
On March 12 , 2020 the USL announced the decision to suspend the 2020 season for a minimum of 30 days due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States .
On June 19 , 2020 , the USL announced that the season will restart on July 11 .
Squad information
Transfers
Transfers in
Transfers out
Competitions
Friendlies
USL Championship
Standings
Regular season
On December 20 , 2019 , the USL announced the 2020 season schedule .
All times in Pacific Time Zone .
Group stage
On June 25 , 2020 the USL announced the groups alignment for the resumption of play after the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States stopped the regular season . The top two teams in the group qualifies for the postseason .
Playoffs
See also
2020 in American soccer
2020 LA Galaxy season
References
External links
LA Galaxy II seasons
LA Galaxy II
LA Galaxy II
LA Galaxy II
Glees is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany . It lies near the Maria Laach Abbey .
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler ( district )
Sam Kendricks ( born September 7 , 1992 ) is an American pole vaulter . They are a three-time indoor and six-time outdoor national champion ( 2014–2019 ) , the 2016 Olympics bronze medalist , and the 2017 World Champion . In 2019 , Kendricks set the American pole vault record at 6.06 m , tying them with Steve Hooker for fourth all time . They later won the gold medal at the World Championships in Doha .
, Kendricks is a first lieutenant in the United States Army Reserve .
Prep
Kendricks vaulted for Oxford High School in Oxford , Mississippi leading their team to the 2009 MHSAA 5A State Championship . They vaulted to set the state record . They won the state meet outdoors in 2010 and 2011 , and indoors in 2011 . They also lettered in cross-country and soccer . In 2011 , they were named the Gatorade boys ' high school track and field athlete of the year for Mississippi .
NCAA
While vaulting for the University of Mississippi , Kendricks won the 2013 and 2014 NCAA Championships . They broke both Ole Miss Rebels pole vault records as a first-year student . Kendricks announced that they would be turning pro in 2014 .
Professional
2015
Kendricks set their personal best of at the indoor 2015 Reno Pole Vault Summit . Kendrick uses a hand hold at and from their performance in Reno claims the `` Push-off '' World Record at . They won the men 's pole vault at 2015 US Outdoor Championships in . They won the prelims of the 2015 World Championships in Athletics – Men 's pole vault and finished 9th in .
2016
After setting a personal best outdoors at the IAAF World Challenge in Beijing , at Kendricks won the US Olympic Trials at . At the 2016 Summer Olympics , they won the bronze medal . Kendricks also garnered attention during the Olympics when they stopped mid run during a pole vault attempt to stand at attention while `` The Star-Spangled Banner '' was played .
2017
On June 24 , 2017 , Kendricks became the 22nd person to join the six meters club by vaulting exactly while winning the 2017 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in Sacramento , California .
On December 29 , 2017 , Kendricks married Leanne Zimmer in Oxford , MS .
2019
On July 27 , 2019 , Kendricks set the American pole vault record by jumping 6.06 m .
2021
Kendricks tested positive for COVID-19 in the Olympic Village , and had to withdraw from the 2020 Summer Olympics as a result , missing the pole vault competition .
Competition record
See also
6 metres club
References
External links
Sam Kendricks Ole Miss Profile
Sam Kendricks Official Website
1992 births
Living people
American male pole vaulters
American military Olympians
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Ole Miss Rebels men 's track and field athletes
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in track and field
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
Universiade medalists in athletics ( track and field )
World Athletics Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Oxford , Mississippi
Track and field athletes from Mississippi
Olympic male pole vaulters
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
World Athletics Championships winners
IAAF Continental Cup winners
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
Diamond League winners
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships winners
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Sportspeople from Oceanside , California
United States Army officers
United States Army reservists
Military personnel from California
The Andorra national basketball team is the national team of Andorra . The national team has always represented in the EuroBasket Division C. It also takes part well in Games of the Small States of Europe .
History
Despite not joining FIBA until 1988 , Andorra made its debut in the 1985 Games of the Small States of Europe where , after winning their first game ever against Luxembourg , finished in the last position after losing to Cyprus and Malta .
Andorra would come back to competition in 1989 , where it achieved its first great success by winning the tournament at the 1989 Games of the Small States of Europe , played in Cyprus after beating the home team in the final by 54–52 . In 1991 , the team could not repeat success and ended in the fourth position of the 1991 edition , that Andorra hosted .
In 1994 , Andorra would make its debut at the FIBA Promotion Cup . In its first participation , the team ended in the seventh position after losing all its five games .
Four years later , the team conquered its first Promotion Cup title by ending unbeaten in the 1998 edition . Andorra would repeat success in 2000 European Promotion Cup for Men for starting to be one of the top teams in the Promotion Cup , later renamed as European Championship for Small Countries .
In 2009 , Andorra achieved the bronze medal at the 2009 Games of the Small States of Europe by taking advantage to Iceland in a three-way tie .
During the 2010s , Andorra always qualified for the final of the Championship for Small Countries , being only beaten by more powerful teams like Denmark or Armenia .
Competitive record
Roster
This was the Andorran list for the 2021 FIBA European Championship for Small Countries .
Head to head against other national basketball teams
Included all FIBA competitions and all GSSE editions .
Updated as of 3 July 2022 .
Individual records
Bold denotes players who played the 2021 FIBA European Championship for Small Countries .
FIBA Championships included since 1998 , GSSE included since 2009 and the 2003 edition .
Most capped players
Top scorers
Notable players
Quino Colom ( youth teams )
Pere Pràxedes
Guillem Colom
David Navarro
Progression in the FIBA World Ranking
See also
Andorra men 's national under-18 basketball team
Andorra men 's national under-16 basketball team
References
External links
Andorran Basketball Federation
Men 's national basketball teams
Basketball
Basketball in Andorra
1988 establishments in Andorra
Escape From Manus is an autobiographical memoir by Rohingya refugee Jaivet Ealom documenting their escape from the genocide in Myanmar , their journey to Indonesia , their arrest upon arrival in Australia , and detention in Australian offshore detention centres in Papua New Guinea . While in detention Ealom suffers prison-like conditions , is the victim of a violent attack , attempts suicide , and goes on hunger strike . After three and a half years of detention is becoming the only person to escape Manus Island . After their escape they travel to the Solomon Islands and finally Canada ..
The book has received positive reception in Australian and Papua New Guinean press .
Plot summary
Ealom is a Rohingya refugee whose story starts with their 2013 escape from the genocide in Myanmar . They travel by boat to Jakarta , Indonesia but nearly drowns during the journey and is rescued by a fisherman . From Indonesia , they start a journey to Australia , planning to seek asylum upon arrival . During their boat journey , Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd makes the policy change that Australia would not accept refugees arriving by boat . Upon arrival in Australia they are arrested by Australian authorities and put in detention , initially in Christmas Island detention centre . Ealom is assigned a number and which is put on a permanent wristband . After six months , at the age of 21 , they are moved to Manus Island detention centre . The conditions in the detention center were prison-like , toilets are overflowing with raw sewage , the food is rotten , Ealom is housed in an unbearably hot shipping container . Ealom is subjected to psychological torture .
In May 2017 , after three and a half years of detention , a suicide attempt , a hunger strike , and serious injuries from an attack , Ealom orchestrates their escape . Posing as an interpreter they escape the detention center with some aid from detention center staff . One outside , they purchase and boards a flight to Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .
In Papua New Guinea they learn Tok Pisin , pretends to be a Solomon Islander and obtains a Solomon Island passport . They flied to the Solomon Islands and then , benefiting from the travel rules between Commonwealth countries , buys a flight to Toronto , Canada .
The book contains criticism of United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , the Australian government 's refugee policies and addresses common myths about refugees and migrants .
Reception
In March 2020 , Escape From Manus was described as `` incredible '' in The National .
It was described as a `` compelling refugee 's tale '' and `` an amazing escape story '' in the Sydney Morning Herald in 2021 .
Chris Breen , writing in Australian magazine Solidarity , notes the books clear critique of Australia 's refugee policy and predicts that it will be made into a film .
See also
Jaivet Ealom
Asylum in Australia
References
External link
Penguin Book 's page about Escape from Manus .
Books about human rights
Rohingya diaspora
Rohingya conflict
Literary autobiographies
2021 non-fiction books
Refugees
Political autobiographies
Current affairs books
Rohingya people
Australian literature
What a Week to Risk it All is ninth and last part of the What a Week series by Rosie Rushton . It was published in 2006 by Piccadilly Press Ltd .
Plot summary
Jade has a boyfriend - Flynn , whom they met when they were going to their grandma 's place in Brighton . They act like a nurse , when they are with them and they only cares about they wo n't get hurt . Flynn does n't like it , because he 's preparing for running-on-a-wheel-chair competition ( he had an accident and they ca n't walk ) . Once , Jade and Flynn go to a party in a club , but Jez and Tamsin go there , too . Jez wants to attack Flynn with a knife , but they hit Tansy in their head with their handful . Flynn also got hurt , but not as much as Tansy . They did n't start in competition , but they play in school theatre . They make few steps and they are surprised , when Jade does n't treat them like they were made of glass .
Tansy 's got problems with Andy 's mother . They know that Mrs. Richards was unfaithful to Mr. Richards and they tell about everything Holly . Unfortunately , Holly repeats it when Andy is near them and they shout at Tansy that , they can not keep a secret . Tansy is very upset . They go to a party , but they do n't come in , because Andy is n't there yet . Suddenly , they see Jez and Tamsin . They can also see that Jade and Flynn are outside the club and Jez wants to hurt Flynn . Tansy got hurt by hitting their head . They go to the hospital and they ca n't see by one eye . Andy comes to visit them and they apologise them They do n't tell them that , everything they heard is true . Andy 's brother and sister will be baptismed . Their godfather will be Gordon - a man , who is father of the babies , but Mrs. Richards does n't tell anybody about it . Godmother of the babies will be Tansy 's mother , Clarity .
Holly is going out with Ben . Them family moved out of burnt house . They have other problems - their boyfriend wants them to make love with him , but they do n't agree . They do n't talk to them for some days , but they explain to them everything and promises to keep their hands next to him . Holly forgives him . Holly makes a scenography for a play in school theatre . They did n't get hurt , when Jez attacked Flynn .
Cleo 's mother is going to be a director in school play . For Cleo it is a bit embarrassing , because their mother thinks that , if they were a great actor , everyone will want them to work . Luckily , people , who organise it know Diana Greenway and are very pleased to work with them Cleo goes out with Ross , but they do n't care about him . She 's angry when they run away instead of helping Tansy , who got hurt . They apologise them and they forgive . When girl are planning holidays , they do n't include Ross in their plans , because Holly , Jade and Tansy want to go for holiday with Cleo only and without their boyfriends .
Characters
Tansy Meadows - Clarity 's daughter . They met their father , but they do n't keep in touch with them She 's got a boyfriend - Andy Richards , who they really loves . They got hurt by Jez , but they apologised them
Cleo Greenway - Tansy 's , Jade 's and Holly 's friend . They have got a boyfriend - Ross . Them mother is a well-known actor .
Holly Vine - Tansy 's best friend . They wear very fashionable clothes and is very pretty . They have got a boyfriend - Ben .
Jade Williams - she 's an orphan , who lost their parents in a car accident . They live with their uncle and aunt . Flynn is their boyfriend .
Clarity Meadows - Tansy 's mother . They are godmother to Andy 's brother and sister .
Diana Greenway - Cleo 's mother . They are a well-known actor .
Roy - Cleo 's stepfather .
Angela Vine - Holly 's mother .
Rupert Vine - Holly 's father .
Allegra - Jade 's cousin . She 's Scott 's girlfriend .
aunt Paula - Jade 's aunt and Allegra 's mother .
Andy Richards - Tansy 's boyfriend .
Mr. Richards - Andy 's father .
Valerie Richards - Andy 's mother .
Flynn Jackson - Jade 's boyfriend . They were attacked by Jez , because he 's black .
Jez Connor - Tamsin 's boyfriend .
Tamsin - Flynn 's friend . She 's Jez 's girlfriend .
Ben - Holly 's boyfriend .
Ross - Cleo 's boyfriend .
British young adult novels
2006 British novels
Novels by Rosie Rushton
Dogs is a 1976 American natural horror film directed by Burt Brinckerhoff about a pack of dogs that go on a killing spree .
Plot
Harlan Thompson ( David McCallum ) is the head of the biology department at Southwestern University , which seems to be a small school located in an isolated southern California town . Though they dress casually and socializes with the students , they are frequently at odds with their fellow professors and the administrators , viewing them as shallow , elitist snobs who are more interested in status than education . However , they take a semi-liking to a young and newly hired biology professor , Michael Fitzgerald ( George Wyner ) , and tries to stop them from being sucked into the system . The only other SU employee who Harlan seems to have any use for is their ex-girlfriend Caroline Donaghue ( Sandra McCabe ) . The two have recently broken up , but remain on good terms and have not closed the door on the possibility of reconciliation .
Recently , several cows belonging to local rancher Larry Ludecky ( Larry Gene Darnell ) have been found dead . Harlan suspects that they have been killed by coyotes , but rules that out upon examining the cows . Larry says that they are going to wait with a rifle and shoot the animals who have been killing their cows if they return . Disregarding a warning from Harlan , Larry goes ahead with their plan , and is killed by a pack of dogs . Shortly afterward , dogs also kill a SU student and an elderly lady who walks outside to investigate the ruckus .
Harlan and Michael discuss the evidence and conclude that the killings were committed by dogs , who have formed packs via Michael 's theory that pheromones cause animals of a particular species to unite and act as one . It is possible that the pheromones are coming from a top secret government experiment being conducted at a linear accelerator near the school . Harlan and Michael share their conclusion with the SU president , Dr. Martin Koppelman ( Sterling Swanson ) , and ask them to warn people to keep their dogs home at night . Koppelman , believing that Harlan and Michael are wrong , declines their request . Harlan says they will give them warning himself , and Koppelman threatens them with firing if they do .
However , at the same time , a local kindergarten class is having a dog show , at which the dogs pack and attack the people . While no one is seriously injured , the town now becomes aware of the dog packs . Several men form a posse to hunt the dogs . Sheriff Jimmy Goodman ( Eric Server ) discourages them , but they insist , and they end up joining them .
Harlan and Michael attempt to perform a pheromone experiment on a dog inside a plastic encasement . If it works , they plan to have a stronger pheromone sprayed into the area to stop the packs . But as they are about to start the experiment , the dog breaks through the plastic amid a nearby pack . Meanwhile , the posse is attacked by a pack , killing everyone but Jimmy , who flees the scene . But before they get to their car , they are attacked also , dropping their gun . After suffering severe injuries , they stop the attack by picking up their gun and shooting the dog , but collapses and dies upon reaching their car .
Meanwhile , SU professor Dr. Charles Aintry ( Dean Santoro ) , brings fellow professor Charlotte Ingle ( Linda Gray ) home from a date . They ask to go inside , but they decline , and they express suspicion that they do not want to see them anymore . They imply that they are not romantically interested in them and goes inside , while they leaf , feeling dejected . Then , while taking a shower , they are killed by a dog .
Harlan and Michael arrive at the police station and find a man dead . They call Jimmy on the radio . Getting no response , they each grab a rifle and leave . As they pass Koppelman 's house , they see them being attacked by a dog . Seeing Harlan and Michael , Koppelman asks them to shoot the dog . Michael shoots , but accidentally shoots and kills Koppelman . Harlan then shoots and kills the dog . Michael is traumatized upon realizing that they killed Koppelman , but Harlan calms Michael down . The two then find Mrs. Koppelman ( Holly Harris ) dead in the swimming pool .
Michael says that they will warn the students and tells Harlan to check on Caroline , and that Harlan and Michael will later meet at the dorm . Harlan tells Michael to take Koppelman 's car , which they do .
Harlan arrives at Caroline 's house and tells them that they need to evacuate . A few seconds later , as the howling of dogs is heard in the far distance , their dog begins trembling .
Back at SU , Michael gathers the students in the lobby of the dorm . They tell them about the dog attacks , that they will walk them over to the library in five minutes , and that the campus will be evacuated in the morning . The students do not take Michael seriously , but grudgingly agree to their orders . One of the students named Cory tells Michael that Cory 's roommate , the overweight Howard Kaplan ( Barry Greenberg ) , was hungry and went to the cafeteria . There , Howard finds milk and rolls , but is quickly confronted by some barking dogs . Michael arrives and tells the panicked Howard to throw the food to the dogs , which they do . Two of the dogs goes after the food and Michael attempts to shoot the another . They turn out to be out of bullets , but they disable the dog by striking it with the rifle . They and Howard leave and head for the dorm .
Back at the dorm , the students , having concluded that Michael has forgotten about them , walk to the library themselves .
Back at Caroline 's house , as Caroline goes to get dressed , they scream . A dog walks into the living room , and is quickly shot and killed by Harlan . However , several more dogs enter within a few seconds . Harlan and Caroline , holding their dog , exit the house .
Michael and Howard arrive back at the dorm , finding it abandoned . Meanwhile , the other students are attacked by a pack of dogs and most of them barely escape into the library .
In Caroline 's garage , Harlan and Caroline board the door into the house . As they get into Caroline 's car to leave , along with their dog , Caroline realizes that they left the keys in the house . Harlan tries to hotwire the car , but before they succeed , the sound of the dogs stop . Harlan and Caroline go to the door from the garage to the house , but Harlan then decides that they should not go in . A few seconds later , a dog starts to enter through a doggy door . Harlan boards it , but then dogs try to enter through another doggy door . One of the dogs grabs Harlan by the leg and starts to pull on him , but they are rescued by Caroline and the two take refuge in the car . One of the dogs then tears through the wall and the pack enters .
Back at SU , Michael and Howard are close to the library when they find two of the students dead . Howard panics and runs toward the library . Michael warns them to watch out . Howard desperately begs the students to let them in . However , a large dog jumps on him , knocking them through the glass door , and allowing the pack to enter . They presumably kill all the students . After the dogs leave , Michael finds the dead students in and near the library and looks resigned .
Harlan and Caroline are chased by the dogs but they are able to drive away . Seeing a college police car on the side of the road , they stop and see three dead bodies , one of them being Michael . Harlan and Caroline drive away in their car , and the man on the radio tells them that dog attacks very similar are happening in neighboring communities , and that dogs were the only species in the attacks . While they are driving away , however , a cat makes a threatening sound .
Critical reception
Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film zero stars out of four , noting that every dog attack scene was `` photographed the same way '' and writing that `` we are supposed to believe that our own little pets can become unhinged killers when they smell something . I did n't buy it the film is bad and It 's not real . '' Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times called it `` the latest exploitation picture in which beasts turn upon men . Along with the obligatory grisly special effects this efficiently made little film generates a fair amount of tension and is reasonably diverting . It 's one of the better efforts in the genre . ''
Home video releases
Dogs was released on VHS in 1988 under the alternate title Slaughter . Probably because Linda Gray was then well known for their starring role on the TV series Dallas , they are misleadingly given second billing on the box behind only David McCallum . Gray actually has only about five minutes of screen time in the film .
In 2006 , Dogs was released on DVD by Scorpion Releasing under its original title , with Gray this time receiving third billing on the box , behind McCallum and George Wyner . The DVD also includes a newly filmed 19-minute documentary on the film , including interviews with director Burt Brinckerhoff and actors George Wyner and Eric Server . Also included are the theatrical trailer and a TV spot .
The film was released on Blu-ray in 2014 by the same company and with the same bonus materials as the 2006 DVD release .
References
External links
1976 films
1976 horror films
1970s horror thriller films
American horror thriller films
American natural horror films
Films about dogs
Films directed by Burt Brinckerhoff
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
Smithatris myanmarensis is a monocotyledonous plant species described by Walter John Emil Kress . Smithatris myanmarensis is part of the genus Smithatris and the family Zingiberaceae .
The range of the species is in Burma . No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life .
References
Zingiberoideae
Shamaine Buencamino ( née Centenera ; born February 28 , 1965 ) is a Filipina actor and mental health advocate who has appeared in more than 100 movies and television series and shows .
Personal life
They married Filipino actor Nonie Buencamino and has four children , including the actor Julia Buencamino , who died in 2015 due to suicide .
Filmography
References
External links
On IMDb
1965 births
Living people
Filipino television actores
Filipino film actores
Actresses from Camarines Sur
People from Naga , Camarines Sur
University of the Philippines Diliman alumni
20th-century Filipino actores
21st-century Filipino actores
Eduard Leopold Maria Strauss ( March 24 , 1910 – April 6 , 1969 ) , commonly known as Eduard Strauss II to distinguish them from their grandfather , was an Austrian conductor whose grandfather was Eduard Strauss I and whose uncle was Johann Strauss III .
They enrolled at University of Music and Performing Arts , Vienna , and learned composition technique from Franz Schmidt . They debuted as a conductor in 1949 , 50 years after the death of Johann Strauss II , and 100 years after the death of Johann Strauss I .
Eduard II visited Japan in 1956 . Their works drew enormous attention , Johann Strauss boom occurred in Japan .
They organized Wiener Johann Strauss Orchester in 1966 .
Their son , Eduard Strauss ( born 1955 ) is current Strauss Family head .
filmography
In 1954 , Eduard II appeared in three movies as Eduard Strauss Jr .
Victoria in Dover – a composer .
The Eternal Waltz – Eduard Strauss I .
– Johann Strauss II .
References
Eduard Strauss : Eduard Strauss II : Ein Künstlerleben . Schneider , Tutzing 2010 .
External links
WJSO「Eduard Strauss II.」
EJSF「Eduard Strauss II.」
Eduard
1910 births
1969 deaths
Austrian people of Jewish descent
Male conductors ( music )
20th-century Austrian conductors ( music )
20th-century Austrian male musicians
University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna alumni
Dârmănești is a commune in Argeș County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of five villages : Dârmănești , Negreni , Piscani , Valea Nandrii and Valea Rizii .
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Straight Deal ( 1940–1968 ) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire . In a career that lasted from 1942 to 1943 they ran ten times and won five races . Their most important success came in June 1943 when they won the “ New Derby ” , a substitute race for The Derby run on the July Course at Newmarket . During the Second World War many racecourses were closed either for safety reasons or for military use , with Epsom Downs Racecourse being used as the location for an anti-aircraft battery . Straight Deal was retired after finishing third in the “ New St Leger ” later that year and went on to become a successful stallion .
Background
Straight Deal was bred at the Elsenham Stud in Hertfordshire by their owner , Dorothy Paget , Straight Deal 's sire , Solario was an outstanding racehorse who won the Coronation Cup and the Ascot Gold Cup in 1926 , before going on to be Champion sire three times . Miss Paget 's colt was one of only three known foals produced by Good Deal a successful racehorse who won seven times .
Straight Deal , a “ headstrong and sulky ” bay horse , was trained by Walter Nightingall at their South Hatch Stables near Epsom .
Racing career
1942 : two-year-old season
Straight Deal was a very useful two-year-old who competed at the highest level in 1942 . They won a race at Salisbury and the Runnymede Plate at Windsor , both over six furlongs . At Newmarket they ran in the Coventry Stakes ( transferred from Ascot ) in which they finished second , beaten one and a half lengths by Nasrullah .
In September they were sent to Newmarket and finished second to Umiddad in the Dewhurst Stakes . On their final start of the season Straight Deal returned to Newmarket for the Middle Park Stakes in which they faced Nasrullah again . On this occasion however , their temperament came to the fore as they charged the starting tape , unseated their rider and ran loose for several minutes . When the race eventually started they were quickly beaten and finished unplaced behind the filly Ribbon , with Nasrullah second .
In the Free Handicap , a ranking of the year 's best two-year-olds , Straight Deal was given a weight of 125 pounds , five pounds below Nasrullah and six behind the champion Lady Sybil .
1943 : three-year-old season
By the time that Straight Deal reappeared in 1943 they had made excellent physical progress , with the Sporting Life 's correspondent commenting that the colt had `` strength written everywhere on their frame . '' Straight Deal began their three-year-old season on 26 April when they were one of five winners ridden by Tommy Carey at Windsor . In the 2000 Guineas on 25 May they were well fancied and started at odds of 17/2 in a field of nineteen but ran disappointingly to finish sixth behind Kingsway . It was felt that they had raced too prominently and would be better if held up for a late run .
In the New Derby on 19 June Straight Deal started at odds of 100/7 in a field of twenty-three and was ridden again by Carey . The population of Newmarket reportedly doubled by the 15,000 spectators for the race , with many spending the night of the race in the open as all the hotels and boarding houses were full . Straight Deal was held up in the early stages as Persian Gulf made the running before they moved up to fifth place half a mile from the finish . Carey produced the colt with a strong run in the final furlong to catch Umiddad in the last strides and win by a head , with Nasrullah half a length away in third .
On their next start , Straight Deal was sent to Ascot where they won a race over one and a half miles . In September they returned to Newmarket for the “ New St Leger ” , a substitute for the Classic usually run at Doncaster . They started 3/1 favourite and proved to be the best colt in the race , but finished third behind the fillies Herringbone and Ribbon .
Assessment
In their book A Century of Champions , John Randall and Tony Morris classified Straight Deal as an “ average ” Derby winner , and the one hundred and forty-eighth best British horse of the 20th Century , with a rating of 132 .
Stud career
Straight Deal was never a popular sire , possibly because of “ unfashionable ” elements on the female side of their pedigree . They nevertheless proved a reasonably good stallion , being especially successful with their fillies including Ark Royal , Kerkeb and Above Board , all of whom won the Yorkshire Oaks . The best of their colts were the stayers Aldborough ( Doncaster Cup ) and Royal Highway ( Irish St Leger ) .
Straight Deal died in 1968 at the advanced age ( for a thoroughbred ) of twenty-eight .
Pedigree
References
External links
Newsreel of 1943 Derby from British Pathé
1940 racehorse births
1968 racehorse deaths
Epsom Derby winners
Thoroughbred family 1-t
Rathinda is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae . It consists of a single species , Rathinda amor , the monkey puzzle , found in Sri Lanka and India .
Description
Habitat
The species is endemic to South Asia , specifically India 's Western Ghats , the southern Indian plains , Bangladesh , and Sri Lanka . It thrives in jungles of moderate to heavy rainfall and scrub forests below . It prefers the undergrowth but can be seen along forest paths and clearings . It can also be seen in gardens with one or more of its host plants .
Life cycle
Larva
The caterpillars are pale green and possess fleshy , red protrusions along the back .
Pupa
The chrysalis is green and turns brown as it nears maturity . The pupa is attached to foliage by a single stalk at the tail end .
Imago
The monkey puzzle is a weak flier . It keeps low to the ground and generally does not stay airborne for long . When it lands , it tends to turn around , sidestep , and waggle its tail filaments . This may serve to confuse predators as to which end is the butterfly 's head .
Food plants
The butterfly feeds on soapberries , myrtles , and mangos as well as plants from the families Rubiaceae ( Notably Ixora coccinea ) , Dipterocarpeae , Euphorbiaceae , and Loranthaceae , .
See also
List of butterflies of India ( Lycaenidae )
References
Shihan , T.R . ( 2016 ) A Photographic Guide to the Butterflies of Bangladesh . Butterfly Reintroduction Farm , Chuadanga , Bangladesh .
Butterflies of Asia
Monotypic butterfly genera
Horagini
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
Lycaenidae genera
Deisenhausen is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Populated places in Günzburg ( district )
Stephen Paul Slivinski ( August 23 , 1917 – November 15 , 2008 ) was an American football guard in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Washington Redskins . They played college football at the University of Washington and was drafted in the thirteenth round of the 1939 NFL Draft .
Slivinski returned to Washington as a coach in 1945 .
References
External links
1917 births
2008 deaths
American football guards
Players of American football from Chicago
Washington Huskies football players
Washington Huskies football coaches
Washington Redskins players
Hannes Wolf ( born 16 April 1999 ) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach .
Club career
RB Leipzig
On 23 January 2019 , Red Bull Salzburg announced that they had sold Wolf to RB Leipzig from the upcoming 2019/20 season . Wolf penned a 5-year contract with the club .
Short after their arrival to RB Leipzig , Wolf suffered a horrendous leg break for Austria U21 at the European Under-21 Championships in June 2019 , after giving their side the lead in the 2–0 victory .
Borussia Mönchengladbach
On 21 July 2020 , Borussia Mönchengladbach announced the signing of Wolf on a loan deal from RB Leipzig until June 2021 , with an option to buy at the end of the season . They will reunite with their former manager at Red Bull Salzburg , Marco Rose . In February 2021 , the director of sports Max Eberl confirmed that the move was made permanent .
Swansea City ( loan )
On 20 January 2022 , Wolf joined EFL Championship club Swansea City on loan until the end of the season . They scored their first goal for the club in a 0-4 win as Swansea City completed the first ever League double in the South Wales derby over rivals Cardiff City .
International career
They were called up to the senior Austria squad for the UEFA Nations League matches against Croatia , Denmark , France and Denmark on 3 , 6 , 10 and 13 June 2022 .
Career statistics
Honours
Red Bull Salzburg Youth
UEFA Youth League : 2016–17
Red Bull Salzburg
Austrian Bundesliga : 2017–18 , 2018–19
Austrian Cup : 2018–19
References
External links
Profile at ÖFB
1999 births
Living people
Footballers from Graz
Association football midfielders
Austrian footballers
Austria youth international footballers
Austria under-21 international footballers
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
2 . Liga ( Austria ) players
Bundesliga players
English Football League players
FC Liefering players
FC Red Bull Salzburg players
RB Leipzig players
Borussia Mönchengladbach players
Swansea City A.F.C . players
Austrian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Wales
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Wales
Joop van Daele ( born 14 August 1947 in Rotterdam ) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a defender .
Club career
Van Daele joined the Feijenoord youth set-up in 1960 from local amateurs Overmaas and stayed with the Rotterdam giants until 1977 . In 1970 , they won the European Cup and the Intercontinental Cup . They scored the winning goal in the homematch , the return final of the latter tournament , against Estudiantes .
They also had a short loan spell at Go Ahead Eagles and played for Fortuna Sittard before finishing their career at Excelsior .
`` Het brilletje van Van Daele ''
They claimed their name in the history books during the second leg of the 1970 Intercontinental Cup Final against tough-tackling Estudiantes in Rotterdam . Van Daele scored the winning goal and during the goal celebrations their glasses were ripped off by the Argentinians and allegedly smashed to pieces on the pitch by Carlos Pachamé . The incident prompted Toon Hermans to write a song about it and it was recorded by actor Luc Lutz after van Daele declined to sing it himself . Johnny Hoes also released a single with Van Daele de klusjesman ( Van Daele the handyman ) on the one side and Waar is de bril van Joop van Daele ( Where are Joop van Daele 's glasses ? ) on the other .
Managerial career
After retiring as a player , van Daele was assistant manager at former clubs Fortuna and Excelsior before appointed manager at amateur side Papendrecht and as head coach at Excelsior .
In 2006 , they were appointed scout at Feyenoord .
Honours
Player
Feijenoord
Intercontinental Cup ( 1 ) : 1970
European Cup ( 1 ) : 1970
UEFA Cup ( 1 ) : 1974
Eredivisie ( 3 ) : 1968–69 , 1970–71 , 1973–74 ,
KNVB Cup ( 1 ) : 1968–69
References
External links
Career stats - Feyenoord
Profile - Lunatic News ( Feyenoord fansite )
1947 births
Living people
Footballers from Rotterdam
Association football defenders
Dutch footballers
Feyenoord players
Go Ahead Eagles players
Fortuna Sittard players
Excelsior Rotterdam players
Eredivisie players
Dutch football managers
Excelsior Rotterdam managers
UEFA Cup winning players
Troy Menzel ( born 22 September 1994 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Carlton Football Club and Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . They were drafted at pick 11 in the 2012 national draft by Carlton , and was traded to Adelaide after the 2015 season . They are the younger brother of former player Daniel Menzel .
Pre-AFL career
Menzel attended King 's Baptist Grammar School , and played their junior football for the Golden Grove Football Club before joining in the minor grades of the South Australian National Football League . In 2012 , at age 17 , Menzel was playing senior football for Centrals ; they also represented South Australia at the AFL Under 18 Championships in 2012 , kicking fifteen goals in two matches , but missing the rest of the games due to injury . Seen as one of the most talented players in the 2012 National Draft , several clubs were cautious about taking Menzel due to their injury-prone knees – they had suffered injuries to both knees during their junior years , and underwent a LARS reconstruction at age 16 , in which the natural ligament is augmented with synthetic tissue . This saw them slide to 's first pick at 11 overall , and having rated them as the second-best player in the draft , they were quick to pounce on him .
AFL career
Carlton ( 2013–2015 )
Menzel made their senior AFL debut for the club in round 8 , 2013 , where they were prominent in the forward line with their tackling pressure . In round 16 , 2014 , Menzel was nominated for the AFL Rising Star after kicking two goals in a win over . Towards the end of 2014 they signed a new two-year contract with Carlton .
In October 2015 , Menzel was traded to Adelaide in exchange for pick 28 and Sam Kerridge . They had played 40 games in three years for Carlton and kicked 47 goals .
Adelaide ( 2016–2017 )
After failing to play a senior game in 2016 , Menzel made their debut for Adelaide in round 1 , 2017 , against at the Adelaide Oval . They kicked one goal and gained up 14 possessions as the Crows won by 56 points .
Menzel was delisted at the end of 2017 .
Post-AFL career
Menzel played for suburban club Tea Tree Gully in 2018 , and was best on the ground in their grand final victory that year . This would lead to Menzel returning to Central District for two seasons before transferring to Woodville West Torrens in 2021 . They were joined by their brother Daniel and together were instrumental in the Eagles winning their first ever back to back SANFL premiership .
Statistics
Statistics are correct to end of the 2017 season
|- style= '' background : # eaeaea ; ''
! scope= '' row '' style= '' text-align : center '' | 2013
| style= '' text-align : center '' |
| 2 || 7 || 8 || 6 || 39 || 12 || 51 || 19 || 13 || 1.1 || 0.9 || 5.6 || 1.7 || 7.3 || 2.7 || 1.9
|-
! scope= '' row '' style= '' text-align : center '' | 2014
| style= '' text-align : center '' |
| 2 || 19 || 26 || 13 || 130 || 45 || 175 || 66 || 28 || 1.4 || 0.7 || 6.8 || 2.4 || 9.2 || 3.5 || 1.5
|- style= '' background : # eaeaea ; ''
! scope= '' row '' style= '' text-align : center '' | 2015
| style= '' text-align : center '' |
| 2 || 14 || 13 || 7 || 87 || 43 || 130 || 46 || 24 || 0.9 || 0.5 || 6.2 || 3.1 || 9.3 || 3.3 || 1.7
|-
! scope= '' row '' style= '' text-align : center '' | 2016
|
| 32 || 0 || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || —
|- style= '' background : # eaeaea ; ''
! scope= '' row '' style= '' text-align : center '' | 2017
| style= '' text-align : center '' |
| 32 || 4 || 4 || 3 || 26 || 12 || 38 || 10 || 13 || 1.0 || 0.8 || 6.5 || 3.0 || 9.5 || 2.5 || 3.3
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
! colspan=3| Career
! 44
! 51
! 29
! 282
! 112
! 394
! 141
! 78
! 1.2
! 0.7
! 6.4
! 2.5
! 9.0
! 3.2
! 1.8
| }
References
External links
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
1994 births
Living people
Carlton Football Club players
Preston Football Club ( VFA ) players
Central District Football Club players
Adelaide Football Club players
Caerau , Cylch-y-Garn is an area in the community of Cylch-y-Garn , Ynys Môn , Wales .
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
References
Villages in Anglesey
The Guaraque Municipality is one of the 23 municipalities ( municipios ) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Mérida and , according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , the municipality has a population of 9,965 . The town of Guaraque is the shire town of the Guaraque Municipality .
History
The Guaraque Municipality became a part of the former Rivas Davila district ( today Rivas Davila Municipality ) in 1904 . Later , in 1984 , this area became the Autonomous Municipality of Guaraque , formed by the Mesa de Quintero and Río Negro Municipalities . In 1992 , as a result of the modification of the territorial law , the current municipal parishes were created . The most popular celebration of the municipality are that of Santa Barbara that take place from November 23 until January 4 .
Geography
This is a mountainous region located in the Venezuelan Andes and part of the municipality is protected by the Páramos Batallón and La Negra national parks . The Negro , Guaraque , and El Molino rivers are the municipality 's main bodies of water which have formed a valley at 1,500 meters above sea level , although most of the municipality is above 2,000 meters above sea level , with a maximum altitude of 3,532 meters above sea level .
Demographics
The Guaraque Municipality , according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , has a population of 9,965 ( up from 8,641 in 2000 ) . This amounts to 1.2 % of the state 's population . The municipality 's population density is .
Government
The mayor of the Guaraque Municipality is Carlos Alí Guerrero , elected on October 31 , 2004 , with 61 % of the vote . They replaced Rosmel Javier Sanchez shortly after the elections . The municipality is divided into three parishes ; Capital Guaraque , Mesa de Quintero , and Río Negro .
References
External links
alcaldiadeguaraquemerida.gob.ve
Municipalities of Mérida ( state )
The 23rd New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1874 New Brunswick general election , the 23rd overall general election for New Brunswick , for the 23rd New Brunswick Legislative Assembly , but considered the 3rd general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick , or
the 1956 New Brunswick general election , the 43rd overall general election for New Brunswick , for the 43rd New Brunswick Legislative Assembly , but considered the 23rd general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick .
Thomas Busby ( 26 December 1755 – 28 May 1838 ) was an English composer .
Early life
Busby was the son of a coach-painter . They were born at Westminster , London , in December 1755 .
Their father was musical , and sang himself ; when their son developed a fine treble voice , they decided to bring them up as a musician . Benjamin Cooke , the organist of Westminster Abbey , turned down young Busby ( at age 12-13 ) as too old for a chorister ; they were placed under Samuel Champness for singing , and Charles Knyvett for the harpsichord . Subsequently they studied under Jonathan Battishill .
In the summer of 1769 Busby was engaged to sing at Vauxhall Gardens at a salary of ten guineas a week . On their voice breaking , they were articled to Battishill for three years , and worked on both their musical and their general education . On the expiration of their training they returned to their father 's house , and set themselves to earn their living by music and literature .
Early works
Their first venture was the composition of music to a play by William Kenrick , The Man the Master , but this was never finished . They then turned their attention to oratorio , and began a setting of Alexander Pope 's Messiah , at which they worked intermittently for several years . Busby was more successful with literary pursuits than with musical . They were for some time parliamentary reporter of the London Courant , and assisted in editing The Morning Post , besides acting as musical critic to the European Magazine and Joseph Johnson 's Analytical Review , and contributing to the Celtic Miscellany and Whitehall Evening Post . In 1785 they wrote a poem called The Age of Genius , a satire in the style of Charles Churchill , containing nearly 1,000 lines . About five years after the expiration of their articles Busby was elected organist of St Mary 's , Newington .
Marriage and later years
In July 1786 they married Priscilla Angier , daughter of Charles Angier of Earl 's Court , Kensington . Together they had seven children , including George Frederic , architect Charles Augustin , and Julian ( also a composer and musician ) . After their marriage Busby lived in Poland Street , where they were sought after as a teacher of Latin , French , and music . A few years later they moved to Battersea . In 1798 they were elected organist of St Mary Woolnoth .
In the spring of 1799 , their early oratorio was produced by Wilhelm Cramer under the name of The Prophecy , perhaps to avoid comparison with Georg Handel 's Messiah . Busby then set to work on settings of Thomas Gray 's Progress of Poesy , Pope 's `` Ode on St. Cecilia 's Day '' , and a cantata from Ossian , Comala ; however , it is not clear whether any of these were performed . A secular `` oratorio '' , Britannia ( words by John Gretton ) , was sung at Covent Garden in 1801 with Gertrud Elisabeth Mara as the principal soprano . Busby also wrote music for Richard Cumberland 's version of Kotzebue 's Joanna , which was produced at Covent Garden on 16 January 1800 , without much success .
In June 1801 , Busby obtained the degree of Mus . Doc . at Cambridge , for which purpose they entered at Magdalene College . Their exercise on this occasion was `` A Thanksgiving Ode on the Naval Victories '' , the words of which were written by Mrs Crespigny . In 1802 they wrote music to Thomas Holcroft 's melodrama A Tale of Mystery , the first play of this type that appeared on the English stage . It was produced at Covent Garden on 13 November 1802 , and was very successful . In the following year Busby wrote music for Anna Maria Porter 's musical entertainment The Fair Fugitives ( Covent Garden , 16 May 1803 ) ; but this was a failure . Their connection with the stage ceased with Matthew Lewis 's Rugantino ( Covent Garden , 18 October 1805 ) . The music to all these plays was published .
Final years
In their latter years Busby lived with a married daughter at Queen 's Row , Pentonville , where they died , aged 84 , on Monday , 28 May 1838 . According to an obituary notice of him . they were eccentric and held `` loose notions on religious subjects '' . George Borrow is said to have portrayed Busby as the editor of the `` Universal Review '' in their novel Lavengro ( 1851 ) .
Publications
In 1786 Busby and Samuel Arnold brought out a Musical Dictionary . Busby went on to issue a serial entitled The Divine Harmonist , consisting of 12 folio numbers of music , partly selected and partly original . In this work are included some fragments of their oratorio The Creation . The Divine Harmonist was followed by Melodia Britannica , which was to be a collection of English music , but the work was unsuccessful , and was never completed . About the same time Busby completed a translation of Lucretius into rhymed verse . Around 1800 they brought out A New and Complete Musical Dictionary , and started the first musical periodical in England , The Monthly Musical Journal , of which four numbers were produced .
Their translation of Lucretius was published in 1813 , and was followed by an attempt to prove that the Letters of Junius were written by J. L. de Lolme ( 1816 ) , and subsequent publications such as A Grammar of Music ( 1818 ) , A Dictionary of Musical Terms , A History of Music ( two volumes , 1819 ) ( a compilation from the Histories of Charles Burney and Sir John Hawkins ) , Concert-room Anecdotes ( three volumes , 1825 ) , and a Musical Manual ( 1828 ) .
References
Attribution
; Endnotes :
Public Characters for 1802-3 , 371
Concert-room Anecdotes , i . 93
Musical World for 1838 , 80
Genest 's Hist . of the Stage , vii .
Times , 30 May 1838
British Museum Catalogue
Graduati Cantab . 1760-1856 .
1755 births
1838 deaths
People from Westminster
18th-century English people
English composers
18th-century British composers
18th-century British male musicians
19th-century British composers
18th-century English musicians
19th-century English musicians
19th-century British male musicians
Raymond Reginald 'Ray ' Bailey ( born 16 May 1944 ) is an English former cricketer and footballer . They were born in Bedford , Bedfordshire , where they were educated and proved themselves a sporting all rounder by captaining their school rugby team and playing in goal for the Bedfordshire Schools football team .
Cricket
As a cricketer , Bailey was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium and who could on occasion play as a wicket-keeper . They made their debut in county cricket for Bedfordshire against Staffordshire in the 1963 Minor Counties Championship . In 1964 , they made their first-class debut for Northamptonshire in the 1964 County Championship against Kent . The following season , Bailey made their List A debut against Gloucestershire in the 1965 Gillette Cup . A capable bowler , Bailey played 48 first-class matches for Northamptonshire between 1964 and 1972 . They took 105 wickets for Northamptonshire , which came at an average of 26.92 , with them claiming 5 five wicket hauls and taking best figures of 5/25 . Despite being a respectable performer with the ball , Bailey made infrequent appearances in first-class cricket for the county , making no more than 10 appearances in a season . Their debut season was perhaps their most successful , with them taking 17 wickets in 6 matches at an average of 16.05 , with 3 five wicket hauls . This season saw their best bowling figures , 5/25 against Hampshire . In their second season for Northamptonshire , Bailey was selected to play for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Yorkshire at Lord 's , with them taking 3 wickets in the match .
The beginning of their career saw the introduction and onset of List A cricket . They began making regular appearances in this format for Northamptonshire in the 3rd season of the John Player League . They made a total of 38 appearances in limited-overs cricket for the county , with their last match coming against Sussex in the 1973 John Player League . They took 39 wickets for Northamptonshire in List A cricket , which came at an average of 24.43 . It was for Northamptonshire that they took their only five wicket hauls in List A cricket , taking 6/22 against Hampshire in the 1972 John Player League , a season in which they took 25 wickets at an average of 15.16 , the only season in which they took more than 8 wickets . Their 6/22 is the fourth best innings bowling figures for Northamptonshire in List A cricket . They left Northamptonshire at the end of the 1973 season .
They joined Buckinghamshire in 1975 , making their debut for the county against Bedfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship . They played Minor counties cricket for Buckinghamshire from 1975 to 1980 , making 46 Minor Counties Championship appearances . They made their first appearance for Buckinghamshire in a List A match in the 1975 Gillette Cup against Middlesex . Bailey would go on to make a further appearance against Suffolk in the 1979 Gillette Cup , while in between these matches they made 2 appearances for Minor Counties West against Gloucestershire and Warwickshire in the 1978 Benson & Hedges Cup . Even after they had stopped playing , Bailey still maintained a presence in cricket . They were head groundsman at the County Ground , Northampton for 10 years from 1986 . Then the ground was used for both cricket and football , before football was moved to the Sixfields Stadium in 1994 .
Football
A midfielder , Bailey initially played for Bedford Town as an amateur before following then Bedford Town manager Basil Hayward to Gillingham , where Hayward had been appointed manager . They made their debut against Scunthorpe United in a 2–1 opening day victory in the 1966–67 season , with Bailey going on to play 52 times that season , including the 3 League Cup games against Arsenal . They scored their first goal in their 9th game of the season against Peterborough United , a match which ended in 2–2 draw . In August 1969 , Bailey made club history by being the first Gillingham substitute to score , after they had come off the bench to replace Brian Yeo in an eventual 3–1 defeat by Luton Town . That season proved also to be their most successful with Gillingham , as they scored 7 goals , including a hat-trick in a 6–0 victory against Tamworth in the 2nd round of the FA Cup .
They were loaned out to Northampton Town the following season , playing just the one game , after which they left Gillingham at the end of that season . While at Gillingham , they had played 178 matches and scored 10 goals .
A move to Southern League side Romford followed in December 1971 , before moves to Hitchin Town and Dunstable Town . Following the end of their playing career , Bailey had a spell in charge of Milton Keynes City .
References
External links
Raymond Bailey at ESPNcricinfo
Raymond Bailey at CricketArchive
1944 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bedford
English cricketers
Bedfordshire cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Buckinghamshire cricketers
Minor Counties cricketers
English footballers
Bedford Town F.C . players
Gillingham F.C . players
Northampton Town F.C . players
Romford F.C . players
Hitchin Town F.C . players
Dunstable Town F.C . players
English football managers
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Footballers from Bedfordshire
William Levi Draycott ( 15 February 1869 – 1943 ) was an English footballer who played as a right half for Burslem Port Vale , Stoke , Burton Wanderers , Newton Heath , Bedminster , Bristol Rovers , Wellingborough , and Luton Town in the 1890s and early 1900s .
Playing career
Draycott probably joined Burslem Port Vale in the summer of 1890 . They made their debut at the Athletic Ground in a 2–1 friendly defeat to West Bromwich Albion on 29 September 1890 . They made nine appearances for the club , bagging two goals and was a member of the side that shared the North Staffordshire Charity Challenge Cup in 1891 .
They transferred to local rivals Stoke in June 1891 , where they played in just two the Football League matches in three seasons at the Victoria Ground . They then spent the 1894–95 and 1895–96 seasons with Football League newcomers Burton Wanderers , scoring three goals in 50 league games .
They joined Newton Heath in May 1896 . They scored five goals in 1896–97 to help the club secure second place in the Second Division ; however they lost to Sunderland in the promotion/relegation Test Match . Newton Heath then finished fourth in 1897–98 and 1898–99 , with Draycott only finding the net on one further occasion . Over three years they made 91 appearances for the Manchester club before transferring to Bedminster in 1899 . Bedminster finished sixth in the Southern League in 1899–1900 . They then spent the 1900–01 campaign with rivals Bristol Rovers , before moving on to Wellingborough and Luton Town .
Statistics
Source :
Honours
Burslem Port Vale
North Staffordshire Charity Challenge Cup ( 1 ) : 1891
References
1869 births
People from Swadlincote
People from Newhall , Derbyshire
English footballers
Association football wing halves
Port Vale F.C . players
Stoke City F.C . players
Burton Wanderers F.C . players
Manchester United F.C . players
Bedminster F.C . players
Bristol Rovers F.C . players
Wellingborough Town F.C . players
Luton Town F.C . players
English Football League players
Southern Football League players
1943 deaths
Megalomyrmex mondaboroides ( the name refers to its similarity to M. mondabora ) is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae . Megalomyrmex mondaboroides occurs in lowland wet forest habitats in Panama and Costa Rica . Colonies have been collected in the nests of small attines , primarily Cyphomyrmex costatus and Apterostigma goniodes . In Costa Rica a worker was collected in a Winkler sample of sifted leaf litter .
Megalomyrmex mondaboroides and M. mondabora are very similar species , and they were treated as a single variable species in Adams & Longino ( 2007 ) . There is now evidence that the two forms are sympatric in Costa Rica , and molecular evidence suggests that the two are probably sister taxa .
References
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 2010
Bonifácio José Tamm de Andrada ( 14 May 1930 – 5 January 2021 ) was a Brazilian politician affiliated to Democrats ( DEM ) , law academic , university professor , political scientist and journalist .
Born in Barbacena , Minas Gerais , they were a member of several political parties throughout their career .
Previously , they were councillor for Barbacena , from 1954 to 1958 , and state deputy in Minas Gerais , from 1959 to 1975 , having thus held legislative positions for sixty years . They were also a candidate for vice president of the Republic in the 1989 elections , composing the list of Paulo Maluf .
From 1979 to 2019 , they were a member of the Chamber of Deputies , having served ten consecutive terms .
Political career
Bonifácio was one of the founders of the National Campaign for Free Educandários – ( CNEC ) in the 1950s and graduated in Law from the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro after having completed the first years of the course at Faculdade Mineira de Direito . After graduating , they started private law in their hometown , where they were elected councilor for a term ( 1954 to 1958 ) by the UDN . They were a state deputy in Minas Gerais for four consecutive terms ( 1959–1975 ) , for the UDN in the first two and for ARENA in the others .
They were a federal deputy for Minas Gerais for the tenth consecutive term ( since 1979 ) , elected by the National Renovating Alliance ( ARENA ) in their first term , by the Social Democratic Party ( PDS ) in the following 3 , by the Brazilian Labour Party ( PTB ) in the 1994 elections . and the Brazilian Social Democracy Party ( PSDB ) since then .
Andrada founded in Barbacena , together with their father , the weekly Correio da Serra in 1954 , a staunch opposition newspaper of the `` udenist '' line of which they were editor-in-chief for many years . They were affiliated to the UDN ( 1954–1965 ) – for which they were elected councilor and state deputy , when they defended , among other topics , the parliamentary regime ( on which , even , they have published works ) , ARENA ( 1966–1979 ) , PDS ( 1980–1993 ) , PTB ( 1994–1996 ) and PSDB ( since 1997 ) .
They were absent on the vote of Dante de Oliveira Amendment in 1984 that proposed Direct Elections for the Presidency of the Republic , in which twenty-two votes were missing for the amendment to be approved . They were a member of the National Assembly that drafted the 1988 Constitution .
As a state deputy , Andrada chaired the Legislative Assembly of Minas Gerais in 1968 . And as a federal deputy , they chaired the Constitution and Justice Commission of the Chamber of Deputies in Brasília . Until the beginning of January 2021 , they were the oldest federal deputy in Brazil . They were a candidate for vice-president of the Republic of Brazil in the 1989 presidential election in Paulo Maluf 's plate , with this plate obtaining 5,986,575 votes , placing fifth , behind the winner Fernando Collor de Mello , by Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , by Leonel Brizola and Mário Covas , and defeating known names like Ulysses Guimarães , Aureliano Chaves and Enéas Carneiro . They were elected federal deputy in 2014 , for the 55th legislature ( 2015–2019 ) , by the PSDB . They voted in favor of Dilma Rousseff 's impeachment process . In the Michel Temer government , they voted in favor of the PEC on the Ceiling of Public Spending .
In August 2017 , Andrada voted against the lawsuit in which they were asked to open an investigation by then President Michel Temer , helping to file the complaint of the Federal Public Ministry . In September 2017 , they were chosen by the Constitution and Justice Commission ( CCJ ) to be the rapporteur of the second complaint against the President of the Republic Michel Temer for the crimes of obstruction to Justice and criminal organization . On 10 October , they recommended that the complaint be rejected by the CCJ .
Public positions
Andrada began their public life as a cabinet officer for the Minister of Agriculture ( 1955 ) in the Eurico Gaspar Dutra government . After having served several elective terms , they were appointed Secretary of State for Education and Culture of Minas Gerais ( 1965 ) under the then governor Magalhães Pinto . Later , they would occupy the Minas Gerais State Secretariat of Interior and Justice ( 1974–1977 ) during the Aureliano Chaves government . And after successive federal parliamentary terms , they were invited during the government by Hélio Garcia to be once again the head of state secretariat – now the secretary of Administration and Human Resources ( 1994–1997 ) .
Personal life
Andrad is the son of José Bonifácio Lafayette de Andrada and Vera Raymunda Tamm de Andrada , and brother of the late deputy José Bonifácio Tamm de Andrada . They are also a descendant of statesman José Bonifácio de Andrada e Silva – brother of their great-great-grandfather , Martim Francisco Ribeiro de Andrada , married to the daughter of the independence patriarch .
They were married to Amália Borges de Andrada and left 8 children , including politicians like Antônio Carlos Doorgal de Andrada and Lafayette Luiz Doorgal de Andrada , the former attorney general of the Union and deputy attorney general of the Republic José Bonifácio Borges de Andrada , and the judge of the TJMG Doorgal Gustavo Borges de Andrada . They were Roman Catholic .
H Andrada died from COVID-19 complications on 5 January 2021 , aged 90 at the Mater Dei hospital in Belo Horizonte during the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil .
Published Works
Ideias e propostas para um Brasil livre ;
Seminário Minas e a Constituição ;
Parlamentarismo e a evolução brasileira : breve ensaio sobre o parlamentarismo , presidencialismo e a evolução política brasileira ( 1962 ) ;
A educação e segurança nacional ( 1966 ) ;
Os poderes da Assembleia Nacional Constituinte ;
Migrações sazonais no Nordeste : relatório de pesquisa ( 1981 ) ;
Constituição , regime democrático e revisão constitucional ( 1993 ) ;
Parlamentarismo e a realidade nacional ( 1993 ) ;
A revolução de 1930 : marco histórico ( 1995 ) ;
Ciência política , ciência do poder ( 1998 )
Tributes and decorations
During their career , Bonifácio Andrada has received honors and decorations . Among them , the following stand out :
Medal of Inconfidência , government of Minas Gerais ( 1966 ) ;
Medal Santos Dumont , government of Minas Gerais ( 1968 ) ;
Medal Santos Dumont , from the FAB ( 1969 ) ;
Medal Alferes Tiradentes , Military Police of Minas Gerais ( 1977 ) ;
Baron of Rio Branco Order of Merit ( 1980 ) ;
Legislative Merit of Minas Gerais ( 1982 ) ;
Merit of the Chilean government ;
Merit of the Superior Labor Court ;
Army Military Merit Medal ;
Military Merit of the Navy ;
Military Merit of Aeronautics
See also
José Bonifácio de Andrada
References
External links
Bonifácio Andrada 's Official Page
Chamber of Deputies from Brazil
1930 births
2021 deaths
People from Barbacena
Brazilian people of German descent
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian Roman Catholics
Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro alumni
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Brazil ) from Minas Gerais
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Minas Gerais
National Renewal Alliance politicians
Democratic Social Party politicians
Brazilian Labour Party ( current ) politicians
Brazilian Social Democracy Party politicians
Brazilian academics
20th-century Brazilian lawyers
Brazilian journalists
Male journalists
Brazilian political scientists
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Minas Gerais
Candidates for Vice President of Brazil
Maryhill ( ) is an area of the City of Glasgow in Scotland . Maryhill is a former burgh . Maryhill stretches over along Maryhill Road . The Maryhill district has several sub-districts , such as Acre , Botany , Dawsholm Park , Firhill , Gairbraid , Gilshochill , Maryhill Park , North Kelvinside , Queen 's Cross , St George 's Cross , Cadder , Summerston , Woodside and Wyndford .
The far north west of the area is served by Maryhill railway station .
History
Hew Hill , the Laird , or Lord , of Gairbraid , had no male heir and so they left their estate to their daughter , Mary Hill ( 1730-1809 ) . They married Robert Graham of Dawsholm in 1763 , but they had no income from trade or commerce and had to make what they could from the estate . They founded coalmines on the estate but they proved to be wet and unprofitable , and their property ventures are best known for an acre of ground they did not sell . It is still known as Acre today .
On 8 March 1768 Parliament approved the cutting of the Forth and Clyde Canal through their estate , which provided some much-needed money . The canal reached the estate in 1775 , but the canal company had run out of money and work stopped for eight years . The Government granted funds from forfeited Jacobite estates to start it again and the crossing of the River Kelvin became the focus for massive construction activity . Five locks , the great Kelvin Aqueduct and , between two of the locks , a dry dock boatyard were built . A village too began to grow up and the Grahams provided more land for its development ; Robert Graham attached one condition that was to immortalise the heiress of Gairbraid , their wife and the last in line of centuries of Hills of Gairbraid after the death of their father Hew Hill . The then village was to be `` in all times called the town of MaryHill ''
The new canal waterway attracted industries including boat-building , saw-milling and ironfounding to its banks within Mary 's estate . By 1830 the scattered houses had grown to form a large village with a population of 3000 . The building of the Glasgow , Dumbarton and Helensburgh Railway passing through Maryhill in the 1850s . The proximity of the Loch Katrine pipeline led to further growth , and in 1856 Maryhill became a burgh in its own right . It was absorbed into the boundaries of the city of Glasgow in 1891 .
Part of the Antonine Wall runs through Maryhill , in the Maryhill Park area , where there is the site of a Roman fort adjoining the wall in nearby Bearsden . A Roman bath-house may still be seen there .
Maryhill had the first Temperance Society in the United Kingdom after lawlessness filled the streets in the Victorian era .
Maryhill also boasts one of Glasgow 's original Carnegie libraries , designed by the Inverness architect James Robert Rhind .
Maryhill Barracks was opened in 1872 and once dominated the area that is now the Wyndford housing estate . It was home to the Scots Greys and the Highland Light Infantry , and held Adolf Hitler 's second-in-command Rudolf Hess during World War II after their supposed `` peace '' flight to the UK . The barracks were decommissioned in the early 1960s . However the Territorial Army unit , the 52nd Lowland , 6th Battalion , the Royal Regiment of Scotland continues to be based at the adjacent Walcheren Barracks . 32 ( Scottish ) Signal Regiment is also based near Kelvinside , with 105th Regiment Royal Artillery in nearby Partick .
Maryhill was known as the Venice of the North for its canals and also for being the centre of the glass industry , with its Caledonia Works and Glasgow Works .
The Glasgow Industrial School for Girls moved to Maryhill in 1882 .
Governance
Maryhill is part of the Glasgow Maryhill and Springburn constituency in the Scottish Parliament and of Maryhill Ward ( Ward 15 ) on Glasgow City Council . Glasgow Maryhill was a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1918 until 2005 when it was subsumed into the new Glasgow North constituency .
Maryhill Ward is a multi-member Ward and has three Councillors : John Letford ( Alba ) , Jane Morgan ( Labour ) and Franny Scally ( SNP ) . The MSP for Maryhill and Springburn is Bob Doris and the MP for Glasgow North is Patrick Grady .
Demography
The population of the Glasgow Maryhill and Springburn constituency was 73,493 as of 2015 and the population as of 2013 of the Maryhill/Kelvin Ward was 27,125 . Although the population is predominantly White Scottish/British ( 22,784 ) , Maryhill is ethnically diverse . The largest of the other ethnic groups are Chinese and African ( 664 and 660 respectively ) .
Economy
Although historically a working class area , as of 2013 there are more people employed in professional services than in manufacturing , construction and utilities in Maryhill . , the working-age population ( 16–64 ) was 18,770 . Of these , 13,237 were economically active .
According to the Glasgow Centre for Population Health , the level of income deprivation in Glasgow North West is 24 % , while the figure for Maryhill is slightly higher at 25 % .
Housing
Many areas in the north of Glasgow are below the normal UK standard of living . However , not all areas of North Glasgow are in poor condition . Maryhill is in the north west of the city , and consists of well maintained traditionally `` Glaswegian '' sandstone tenements with the traditional high ceilings as well as many large Victorian town houses . There are also large housing association-run housing estates .
The district contains the Wyndford and Gairbraid estate , a housing estate with a population of almost 5,000 , containing a number of high-rise housing blocks , the highest four reaching heights of 26 storeys . These are intermixed with lower residences to create an estate of significant housing contrast and variety .
Sport
Maryhill is the home of Firhill Stadium , which has been the home ground of Scottish Championship club Partick Thistle since 1909 . Originally from the burgh of Partick , the club moved to the Maryhill area in 1909 , after struggling to find a new home nearer Partick .
During 2005-2012 , Firhill was also the home of professional Rugby Union team , Glasgow Warriors . The junior team , Maryhill F.C . and Glasgow 's oldest athletic club ( Maryhill Harriers ) are also located in Maryhill . Firhill is also the home stadium for Queens Park matches , while the club await development of their new stadium at Lesser Hampden .
Architecture , canalside and modernisation
Ruchill Church Hall was designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh .
The Forth and Clyde Canal flows through Maryhill , at one stage forming a vital part of the local economy . It was for many years polluted and largely unused after the decline of heavy industry , but recent efforts to regenerate and re-open the canal to navigation have seen it rejuvenated . Along the canalside , from the city centre along into Maryhill : plans for canalside flats , similar to the rejuvenation of old industrial warehouses in Manchester , have been granted .
Twenty unique stained glass windows were produced by Stephen Adam in 1878 for the Maryhill Burgh Halls , depicting the many varied industries and occupations of Maryhill 's inhabitants . The Burgh Halls , part of a complex of listed buildings including the former Baths & Wash-houses , the former Fire Station , and former Police Station , were restored in a £9.2M regeneration project , and a number of the original stained glass windows have been on display since late 2011 .
The Maryhill Lochs were the venue for the 2017 Red Bull Neptune Race on 18 March that year .
Subdivisions
Botany
Botany ( ) is an area in Maryhill . One explanation for the name of the area that it was viewed as a rougher part of the then village of Maryhill , with many rough-and-tumble lodging houses and public houses , and many of its residents were expected to be deported to Botany Bay in Australia , then acting as a penal colony . However , a more prosaic explanation is that there was a school in the area known as the Botany School , now long closed , but the name survived .
This reputation for being a rough area did not lessen over the years , with Botany ( commonly referred to as 'The Butney ' by local people ) having many social problems of deprivation , unemployment and drug abuse . The local gang was known as `` The Butny '' .
The area has been completely cleared by the city council and is under construction for new modern apartment flats along with many other areas of Maryhill .
The area 's name is preserved by a local bar which has been named The Botany .
Maryhill Park
Maryhill Park ( ) is an area of Maryhill . Unlike much of the rest of Maryhill , the population is predominantly middle-class and the property type in the area consists mainly of Victorian semi-detached town houses . The Maryhill Locks , a steeply-descending series of pools on the Forth & Clyde Canal are nearby .
The present day Maryhill railway station was at one stage called Maryhill Park to distinguish it from the Maryhill railway station that then existed further down Maryhill Road ( near the Wyndford area of Maryhill ) . Both stations were closed as part of the Beeching cuts of the 1960s , and when the former Maryhill Park station was reopened in the 1990s the `` Park '' part of the title was dropped as the other station was not reopened . The area is also served by numerous bus routes along Maryhill Road .
Queen 's Cross
Queen 's Cross is a neighbourhood in the area of Maryhill mostly made up of working class social housing , mainly owned by Queens Cross Housing Association , the local housing authority named for the area .
The cross is the junction where Maryhill Road and Garscube Road meet extending south to the neighbouring areas of St George 's Cross and Cowcaddens respectively . The area 's Queen 's Cross Church designed by Glasgow architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh also serves as the headquarters of the Charles Rennie Mackintosh Society .
Maryhill in the media
Maryhill has been the location for a number of television programmes and films , namely :
A short-lived 1960s TV soap High Living created by ( then ) Cowcaddens-based Scottish Television was set in a tower block in the Wyndford area of Maryhill , however as a totally studio-based drama , it relied on pictures of the flats as part of the opening and closing title sequences .
Taggart , an internationally famous Glaswegian detective television programme , which is translated into many languages including German and Japanese is set and filmed in Maryhill . Fans and tourists still come to the Maryhill Police Station to take photographs .
Trainspotting , A cafe in Maryhill was used as a set in Trainspotting , Jaconelli 's at the Queens Cross area . Also , Crosslands on Queen Margaret Drive was the pub where Begbie started a fight by throwing a glass over their head into a crowded bar .
The hit BBC television comedy series Chewin ' the Fat was filmed in the area , a precedent followed by its successor the sitcom Still Game . They often showed local features including the Forth and Clyde Canal in the background and several other areas and landmarks of Maryhill in outdoor shots .
Notable people
Jamesina Anderson , politician
Bertie Auld , footballer
Maggie Bell , blues-rock singer
Sean Biggerstaff , actor
Robert Carlyle , actor
Donovan , singer-songwriter
John Maxwell Geddes ( 1941–2017 ) , composer
Archibald Lyle , footballer
Duncan Macrae , actor
Ian McAteer , Dalmuir-born former gangster
David McCallum , actor and musician
Charlie Nicholas , footballer
Jerry Reynolds , footballer
Andrew Robertson , footballer
Robert Smith , Baron Smith of Kelvin , business person
See also
Forth to Firth Canal Pathway
Glasgow tower blocks
References
External links
Unlocking Maryhill – A history of its places and people at Pat 's Guide to Glasgow West End ''
Areas of Glasgow
Burghs
Glenn Sterle ( born 3 January 1960 ) is an Australian politician . A former trade union organiser , they have been an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian Senate since 2005 , representing the state of Western Australia .
Career
Trucking business
Sterle was born in Melbourne , but was raised in the Perth suburb of Langford . They attended Thornlie Senior High School , but dropped out at the age of 17 to work as a furniture removalist . Three years later , they founded their own business operating road trains throughout northern Western Australia and the Northern Territory . They spent fourteen years working as an owner-operator before giving up their business to take on a position as an organiser with the Transport Workers Union in 1991 .
Trade union
Aside from working as an organiser , Sterle served on their local branch committee , and was ultimately elected to the union 's federal council in 1998 , remaining in all three positions until their election to the Senate in 2004 . Their time with the union included a brief stint as acting state secretary in 1998 and an integral role in a major airline strike in the state in 2000 . It was also during this period that Sterle received the Centenary Medal , in 2003 , for services to training in the transport industry .
Party-political
Sterle 's involvement with the union prompted them to join the Australian Labor Party in 1991 , and in 1999 , they were elected as a delegate to the party 's state conference . They served as the ALP 's transport policy convener in 2000 , and was a delegate to the party 's national conference in 2002 and 2004 . They subsequently decided to make a bid to enter parliament , and in the lead-up to the 2004 federal election , challenged the preselection of veteran senator and former cabinet minister Peter Cook . Cook was determined to remain in parliament , but withdrew from the ballot of their shared Centre Faction when it became clear that Sterle had achieved enough support to win . As a result , Sterle gained the second position on the party 's Senate ticket and was easily elected .
Senate
Sterle 's term began on 1 July 2005 . They have served on a variety of Senate and joint-house committees , notably Rural and Regional Affairs , and Transport : Legislation and References . They served as a temporary Chair of Committees from 12 November 2013 to 9 May 2016 .
Sterle was appointed Shadow Assistant Minister for Road Safety in Bill Shorten 's shadow ministry in June 2018 , and retained the position in the Anthony Albanese 's shadow ministry after the 2019 election .
References
External links
Summary of parliamentary voting for Senator Glenn Sterle on TheyVoteForYou.org.au
1960 births
Living people
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Australia
Labor Right politicians
Members of the Australian Senate for Western Australia
Politicians from Melbourne
Trade unionists from Melbourne
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
Members of the Australian Senate
21st-century Australian politicians
Communist Party of the Canaries ( in Spanish : Partido Comunista de Canarias , PCC ) , is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain ( PCE ) in the Canary Islands . The general secretary of PCC is Maria D. Puig Barrios . Its headquarters are in Santa Cruz de Tenerife .
References
External links
PCC website
JC-Canarias website
Canaries
Political parties in the Canary Islands
Political parties with year of establishment missing
The National Center for Supercomputing Applications ( ) is a research institution located in Sofia , Bulgaria .
It was established in 2008 with the aim of promoting and regulating high-performance processing operations of scientific information .
The NCSA works in affiliation with scientists and researchers from the Sofia University , the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences , the Technical and Medical universities in Sofia , as well as other organizations . The center is under the jurisdiction of the State Agency for Information Technology and Communications ( SAITC ) .
When established , the center operated the only supercomputer in the Balkan region , an IBM Blue Gene/P , which was among the most powerful supercomputers in the world according to TOP500 until November 2009 . It has two racks with 2,048 850 MHz processors with 8,192 cores . The system is to be upgraded with additional I/O nodes and disk space in the near future .
The supercomputer was switched off in 2015 .
References
Institutes of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences
Information technology in Bulgaria
Supercomputer sites
Sofia University
Yfantis or Ifantis ( ) is a Greek occupational surname meaning `` weaver '' . It may refer to :
Elias Yfantis ( b . 1936 ) , Greek footballer
Yannis Yfantis ( b . 1949 ) , Greek poet
Greek-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Postman is a 1984 Turkish comedy film directed by Memduh Ün . In the movie Kemal Sunal and Fatma Girik shared the lead roles .
Plot
Adem works as a mail carrier in one of the suburbs of Istanbul and lives in an old house with their elderly mother . They want to marry a girl named Sevtap . However , Sevtap 's older brother Latif opposes this marriage . Latif , who has been working abroad for many years , is accustomed to a certain level of German culture , but still adheres to old traditions . In order to get married , Sevtap informs their brother and asks for permission . However , the reply by telegram is negative . A cunning thing comes to Adem 's mind and tells Sevtap to read the telegram differently to their father . Thereupon , they inform their father that their brother gave permission . Thus , they begin the preparations for the wedding . But unexpectedly , their older brother Latif takes leave in Turkey and the lie is revealed . After that , everything gets mixed up .
References
External links
1984_films
Films_shot_in_Istanbul
Turkish_comedy_films
Films_directed_by_Memduh_Ün
1984 comedy films
Lembit is an Estonian masculine given name . A variant is Lembitu . It sometimes also may be a surname . Lembit may refer to :
Lembitu ( died 1217 ) , Estonian elder and military leader from Sakala County
Lembit Arro ( born 1930 ) , Estonian politician
Lembit Eelmäe ( 1927–2009 ) , Estonian actor
Lembit Kaljuvee ( born 1952 ) , Estonian politician
Lembit Kolk ( 1907–2003 ) , Estonian politician
Lembit Küüts ( born 1946 ) , Estonian artist and politician
Lembit Lõhmus ( born 1947 ) , Estonian printmaker
Lembit Maurer ( 1929–2006 ) , Estonian boxer and boxing coach
Lembit Oll ( 1966–1999 ) , Estonian chess grandmaster
Lembit Öpik ( born 1965 ) , UK politician of Estonian descent
Lembit Peterson ( born 1953 ) , Estonian actor and theatre director
Lembit Rajala ( born 1970 ) , Estonian footballer
Anton Lembit Soans ( 1885–1966 ) , Estonian architect , urban planner and lecturer
Lembit Sibul ( 1947–2001 ) , Estonian humorist and stage actor
Lembit Uibo ( born 1971 ) , Estonian diplomat
Lembit Ulfsak ( 1947–2017 ) , Estonian actor
Lembit Vahesaar ( 1936–2013 ) , Estonian chess and draughts referee
See also
References
Estonian masculine given names
Estonian-language surnames
In ethics and the social sciences , value theory involves various approaches that examine how , why , and to what degree humans value things and whether the object or subject of valuing is a person , idea , object , or anything else . Within philosophy , it is also known as ethics or axiology .
Traditionally , philosophical investigations in value theory have sought to understand the concept of `` the good '' . Today , some work in value theory has trended more towards empirical sciences , recording what people do value and attempting to understand why they value it in the context of psychology , sociology , and economics .
In ecological economics , value theory is separated into two types : donor-type value and receiver-type value . Ecological economists tend to believe that 'real wealth ' needs an accrual-determined value as a measure of what things were needed to make an item or generate a service ( H. T. Odum , Environmental Accounting : Emergy and environmental decision-making , 1996 ) .
In other fields , theories posit the importance of values as an analytical independent variable ( including those put forward by Max Weber , Émile Durkheim , Talcott Parsons , and Jürgen Habermas ) . Classical examples of sociological traditions which deny or downplay the question of values are institutionalism , historical materialism ( including Marxism ) , behaviorism , pragmatic-oriented theories , postmodern philosophy and various Objectivist-oriented theories .
At the general level , there is a difference between moral and natural goods . Moral goods are those that have to do with the conduct of persons , usually leading to praise or blame . Natural goods , on the other hand , have to do with objects , not persons . For example , the statement `` Mary is a good person '' uses 'good ' very differently than in the statement `` That is good food '' .
Ethics is mainly focused on moral goods rather than natural goods , while economics has a concern in what is economically good for the society but not an individual person and is also interested in natural goods . However , both moral and natural goods are equally relevant to goodness and value theory , which is more general in scope .
Ethics and axiology
Intuitively , theories of value must be important to ethics . A number of useful distinctions have been made by philosophers in the treatment of value .
Intrinsic and instrumental value
It is useful to distinguish between instrumental and intrinsic values . This distinction is based on the distinction between intrinsic and extrinsic properties . First introduced by Plato in the `` Republic '' , an instrumental value is worth having as a means for getting something else that is good ( e.g. , a radio is instrumentally good in order to hear music ) . An intrinsically valuable thing , by contrast , is worth having for itself , not as a means to something else .
Intrinsic and instrumental goods do not constitute mutually exclusive categories : some things can be found to be both good ( in themselves ) while simultaneously being good for getting other things that have value .
A prominent argument in environmental ethics , made by writers like Aldo Leopold and Holmes Rolston III , is that wild nature and healthy ecosystems have intrinsic value , prior to and apart from their instrumental value as resources for humans , and should therefore be preserved . This line of argument has been articulated further in recent years by Canadian philosopher John McMurtry within the Encyclopedia of Life Support Systems published by UNESCO .
Pragmatism and contributory goodness
John Dewey ( 1859-1952 ) in their book Theory of Valuation , says goodness is the outcome of ethic valuation and a continuous balancing of `` ends in view '' . An end in view is said to be an objective potentially adopted , which may be refined or rejected based on its consistency with other objectives or as a means to objectives already held .
Dewey 's empiricist approach evinces absolute intrinsic value denial ; i.e . not accepting intrinsic value as an inherent or enduring property of things . Instead , Dewey sees the appearance of intrinsic value as an illusory product of our continuous valuative activity as purposive beings . In addition to denying categorically that there is anything like intrinsic value , Dewey held the same position with regard to moral values - for Dewey , moral values are also based on a learning process , and are never intrinsic or absolute .
Another contribution of pragmatism to value theory is the idea of contributory goods with a contributory conditionality . These have the same qualities as the good thing , but need some emergent property of a whole state-of-affairs in order to be good . For example , salt is food on its own , but is far better as part of a prepared meal . In other words , such goods are only `` good '' when certain conditions are met . This is in contrast to other goods , which may be considered `` good '' in a wider variety of situations .
Kant : hypothetical and categorical goods
The thinking of Immanuel Kant greatly influenced moral philosophy . They thought of moral value as a unique and universally identifiable property , as an absolute value rather than a relative value . They showed that many practical goods are good only in states-of-affairs described by a sentence containing an `` if '' clause , e.g. , in the sentence , `` Sunshine is only good if you do not live in the desert . '' Further , the `` if '' clause often described the category in which the judgment was made ( art , science , etc. ) . Kant described these as `` hypothetical goods '' , and tried to find a `` categorical '' good that would operate across all categories of judgment without depending on an `` if-then '' clause .
An influential result of Kant 's search was the idea of a good will being the only intrinsic good . Moreover , Kant saw a good will as acting in accordance with a moral command , the `` Categorical Imperative '' : `` Act according to those maxims that you could will to be universal law . '' but should not be confused with the Ethic of Reciprocity or Golden Rule , e.g . Mt . 7:12 . Whereas the golden rule states that `` One should treat others as one would like others to treat oneself , '' Kant asks us to analyze whether an act can be performed simultaneously by everyone without exception . For example , murder can not be performed simultaneously by everyone , one set of people would have to live and the other die . That disparity is an exception . The act can not be performed without exception , therefore it fails the categorical imperative . Contrast this with the golden rule which is subjective to the individual . Following the logic of the golden rule , if I wanted someone to kill me , then it would be acceptable for me to kill others , because I would be doing to others what I would want done to me . This is very important to keep in mind , because Kant 's categorical imperative avoids this flaw . From this , and a few other axioms , Kant developed a moral system that would apply to any `` praiseworthy person '' .
Kantian philosophers believe that any general definition of goodness must define goods that are categorical in the sense that Kant intended .
Sociology
In sociology , value theory is concerned with personal values which are popularly held by a community , and how those values might change under particular conditions . Different groups of people may hold or prioritize different kinds of values influencing social behavior .
Methods of study range from questionnaire surveys to participant observation .
Values can be socially attributed . What the community perceives as of paramount significance to them denotes or decipher their social attributes .
Economics
Economic analysis emphasizes goods sought in a market and tends to use the consumer 's choices as evidence ( revealed preference ) that various products are of economic value . In this view , religious or political struggle over what `` goods '' are available in the marketplace is inevitable , and consensus on some core questions about body and society and ecosystems affected by the transaction , are outside the market 's goods so long as they are unowned .
However , some natural goods seem to also be moral goods . For example , those things that are owned by a person may be said to be natural goods , but over which a particular individual ( s ) may have moral claims . So it is necessary to make another distinction : between moral and non-moral goods . A non-moral good is something that is desirable for someone or other ; despite the name to the contrary , it may include moral goods . A moral good is anything which an actor is considered to be morally obligated to strive toward .
When discussing non-moral goods , one may make a useful distinction between inherently serviced and material goods in the marketplace ( or its exchange value ) , versus perceived intrinsic and experiential goods to the buyer . A strict service economy model takes pains to distinguish between the goods and service guarantees to the market , and that of the service and experience to the consumer .
Sometimes , moral and natural goods can conflict . The value of natural `` goods '' is challenged by such issues as addiction . The issue of addiction also brings up the distinction between economic and moral goods , where an economic good is whatever stimulates economic growth . For instance , some claim that cigarettes are a `` good '' in the economic sense , as their production can employ tobacco growers and doctors who treat lung cancer . Many people would agree that cigarette smoking is not morally `` good '' , nor naturally `` good , '' but still recognize that it is economically good , which means , it has exchange value , even though it may have a negative public good or even be bad for a person 's body ( not the same as `` bad for the person '' necessarily – consider the issue of suicide ) .
In ecological economics value theory is separated into two types : donor-type value and receiver-type value . Ecological economists tend to believe that 'real wealth ' needs a donor-determined value as a measure of what things were needed to make an item or generate a service ( H. T. Odum , Environmental Accounting : Emergy and environmental decision-making , 1996 ) . An example of receiver-type value is 'market value ' , or 'willingness to pay ' , the principal method of accounting used in neo-classical economics . In contrast , both Marx 's labour theory of value and the emergy concept are conceived as donor-type value . Emergy theorists believe that this conception of value has relevance to all philosophy , economics , sociology and psychology as well as Environmental Science .
Silvio Gesell denied value theory in economics . They thought that value theory is useless and prevents economics from becoming science and that a currency administration guided by value theory is doomed to sterility and inactivity .
See also
Aesthetics
Anthropological theories of value
Axiological ethics
Baden School
Cultural Institutions Studies
Graded absolutism
Illegalism
Intuitionism
Labor theory of value
Law of value
Logic
Morality
Friedrich Nietzsche
Normative science
Practical philosophy
Pirsig 's Metaphysics of Quality
Rationality
Rationality and power
Social contract
Summum bonum
Thick concept
Ultimate importance
Value-added theory
Value engineering
References
Further reading
Nicholas Rescher . 2010 . Axiogenesis : An Essay in Metaphysical Optimalism . Lexington Books .
Value ( ethics )
Axiological theories
it : Teoria dei valori
zh : 價值觀
The People 's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia ( PDRE ) ( ) was a socialist state that existed in Ethiopia and present day Eritrea from 1987 to 1991 .
The PDRE was established in February 1987 as a Marxist-Leninist one-party state upon the adoption of the 1987 Constitution , three weeks after approval in the national referendum . The Derg , the military junta that had ruled Ethiopia as a provisional government since 1974 , planned for transition to civilian rule and proclaimed a socialist republic in 1984 after five years of preparation . The Workers ' Party of Ethiopia ( WPE ) was founded that same year as a vanguard party led by Derg chairperson Mengistu Haile Mariam . The Derg was dissolved with the proclamation of the PDRE , but continued to rule de facto until September when the new government took office , three months after the June general election . It was dominated by surviving Derg members , with Mengistu as both President of Ethiopia and General Secretary of the WPE .
The PDRE 's government was highly centralized with a de facto power structure similar to other communist states . The legislature , the National Shengo , was nominally the highest organ of state power . A president served as head of state and head of government , with sweeping executive and legislative powers . The president served as chairperson of the Council of State , which acted for the Shengo between sessions . In practice , the principles of democratic centralism meant that the Shengo did little more than rubber-stamp decisions already made by the WPE and its Politburo . As both president and party leader , Mengistu was a virtual dictator . They and the surviving members of the Derg dominated the WPE 's Politburo . The constitution guaranteed all manner of personal freedoms , but the government paid almost no attention to them in practice .
The PDRE inherited issues that ravaged Ethiopia during the Derg era including the 1983–1985 famine , reliance on foreign aid , and the decline of the world communist movement . The Soviet Union ended support of the PDRE in 1990 , and internal conflict brought on by the Ethiopian Civil War and Eritrean War of Independence saw the WPE 's authority increasingly challenged by ethnic militias and anti-government groups . In May 1991 , Mengistu fled into exile . The regime only lasted another week before the Ethiopian People 's Revolutionary Democratic Front entered Addis Ababa , dissolving the PDRE and replacing it with the Transitional Government of Ethiopia .
Advances
Following the demise of imperial rule , the feudal socioeconomic structure was dismantled through a series of reforms which also affected educational development . By early 1975 , the government had closed Haile Selassie I University and all senior secondary schools , then deployed the approximately 60,000 students and teachers to rural areas to promote the government 's `` Development Through Cooperation Campaign '' . The campaign 's purposes were to promote land reform and improve agricultural production , health , and local administration and to teach peasants about the new political and social order .
Primary school enrollment increased from about 957,300 in 1974/75 to nearly 2,450,000 in 1985/86 . There were still variations among regions in the number of students enrolled and a disparity in the enrollment of boys and girls . Nevertheless , while the enrollment of boys more than doubled , that of girls more than tripled . However , with most of the rebel controlled northern Ethiopia regions as well as parts of Somali and Oromo regions out of the government 's control , most of its claims were not perceived to be comprehensive .
The number of senior secondary schools almost doubled as well , with fourfold increases in Arsi , Bale , Gojjam , Gondar , and Wollo . The pre-revolutionary distribution of schools had shown a concentration in the urban areas of a few administrative regions . In 1974/75 about 55 percent of senior secondary schools were in Eritrea and Shewa , including Addis Ababa . In 1985/86 the figure was down to 40 percent . Although there were significantly fewer girls enrolled at the secondary level , the proportion of females in the school system at all levels and in all regions increased from about 32 percent in 1974/75 to 39 percent in 1985/86 .
Among the PDRE 's successes was the national literacy campaign . The literacy rate , under 10 percent during the imperial regime , increased to about 63 percent by 1984 . In 1990/91 an adult literacy rate of just over 60 percent was still being reported in government as well as in some international reports . As with the 1984 data , it is several wise to exercise caution with regard to the latest figure . Officials originally conducted the literacy training in five languages : Amharic , Oromo , Tigrinya , Wolaytta , and Somali . The number of languages was later expanded to fifteen , which represented about 93 percent of the population .
A number of countries were generous in helping the PDRE meet its health care needs . Cuba , the Soviet Union , and a number of East European countries provided medical assistance . In early 1980 , nearly 300 Cuban medical technicians , including more than 100 physicians , supported local efforts to resolve public health problems . Western aid for long-term development of Ethiopia 's health sector was modest , averaging about US $ 10 million annually , the lowest per capita assistance in sub-Saharan Africa . The main Western donors included Italy and Sweden . The UN system led by UNDP and including such agencies as FAO , UNESCO , UNICEF , UNIDO , UNFPA and WHO , continued to extend assistance as they had to the Emperor 's regime . In the early 1980s , at least one UNDP representative , a former minister in a Caribbean country , had the credibility to get access to Mengistu , and may have moderated their excesses in some instances . The World Bank also continued to provide assistance during their rule doubtless recognising the surprisingly conservative and prudent fiscal discipline the regime tried to follow .
Failures and collapse
Ethiopia had never recovered from the previous great famine of the early 1970s , which was the result of a drought that affected most of the countries of the African Sahel . The famine was also caused by an imbalance of population which was concentrated in the highland areas , which were free of malaria and trypanosomiasis . Both the Emperor 's and Mengistu 's regimes had tried to resettle people in the lowlands , but the Mengistu regime came in for heavy international criticism on the grounds that the resettlements were forced .
There has been an approximate decade long cycle of recurrent droughts in this part of east Africa since earlier in the 20th century and by the late 1970s signs of intensifying drought began to appear . By the early 1980s , large numbers of people in central Eritrea , Tigray , Welo , and parts of Begemder and Shewa were beginning to feel the effects of renewed famine .
A drought that began in 1969 continued as dry weather brought disaster to the Sahel and swept eastward through the Horn of Africa . By 1973 the attendant famine had threatened the lives of hundreds of thousands of Ethiopian nomads , who had to leave their home grounds and struggle into Somalia , Djibouti , Kenya , and Sudan , seeking relief from starvation . By the end of 1973 , famine had claimed the lives of about 300,000 peasants of Tigray and Welo , and thousands more had sought relief in Ethiopian towns and villages .
The PDRE 's limited ability to lead development and to respond to crises was dramatically demonstrated by the government 's reliance on foreign famine relief between 1984 and 1989 . By 1983-armed conflict between the government and opposition movements in the north had combined with drought to contribute to mass starvation in Eritrea , Tigray , and Welo . Meanwhile , drought alone was having a devastating impact on an additional nine regions . This natural disaster far exceeded the drought of 1973–74 , which had contributed to the downfall of Emperor Haile Selassie . By early 1985 , some 7.7 million people were suffering from drought and food shortages . Of that number , 2.5 million were at immediate risk of starving .
As it had in the past , in the mid-1980s the international community responded generously to Ethiopia 's tragedy once the dimensions of the crisis became understood , although the FAO had been warning of food security problems for several years before the famine hit . Bilateral , multilateral , and private donations of food and other relief supplies poured into the country by late 1984 . In 1987 another drought threatened 5 million people in Eritrea and Tigray . This time , however , the international community was better prepared to get food to the affected areas in time to prevent starvation and massive population movements . According to library of Congress studies , `` many supporters of the Ethiopian regime opposed its policy of withholding food shipments to rebel areas . The combined effects of famine and internal war had by then put the nation 's economy into a state of collapse . '' Also according to Human Rights Watch 's reports and research , the counter-insurgency strategy of the PDRE caused the famine to strike one year earlier than would otherwise have been the case , and forced people to migrate to relief shelters and refugee camps . The economic war against the peasants caused the famine to spread to other areas of the country . If the famine had struck only in 1984/5 , and only affected the `` core '' areas of Tigray and North Wollo ( 3.1 million affected people ) , and caused only one quarter of the number to migrate to camps , the death toll would have been 175,000 ( on the optimistic assumptions ) and 273,000 ( on the pessimistic assumptions ) . Thus between 225,000 and 317,000 deaths—rather more than half of those caused by the famine—can be blamed on the government 's human rights violations .
They were succeeded on an interim basis by Vice President Tesfaye Gebre Kidan . However , with the rebels closing in on Addis Ababa from all sides , the PDRE only survived another week . In late May , while peace talks were underway , Tesfaye notified American officials that they had lost the ability to maintain order , and could no longer command what remained of the army . Washington then cleared the way for the rebels to take over the capital on May 28 .
Leaders
Presidents
Mengistu Haile Mariam ( September 10 , 1987 – May 21 , 1991 )
Tesfaye Gebre Kidan ( acting ; May 21 , 1991 – May 28 , 1991 )
Prime Ministers
Fikre Selassie Wogderess ( September 10 , 1987 – November 8 , 1989 )
Hailu Yimenu ( acting ; November 8 , 1989 – April 26 , 1991 )
Tesfaye Dinka ( acting ; April 26 , 1991 – June 6 , 1991 )
See also
1987 Constitution of Ethiopia
Ethiopian general election , 1987
References
20th century in Ethiopia
Communism in Ethiopia
Government of Ethiopia
Ethiopia
Ethiopia
Ethiopia
Political history of Ethiopia
Ethiopian Civil War
Ethiopia
Ethiopia
1987 establishments in Ethiopia
1990s disestablishments in Ethiopia
Kaghazkonan ( ) may refer to :
Kaghazkonan District
Kaghazkonan-e Markazi Rural District
Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District
The history of chromatography spans from the mid-19th century to the 21st . Chromatography , literally `` color writing '' , was used—and named— in the first decade of the 20th century , primarily for the separation of plant pigments such as chlorophyll ( which is green ) and carotenoids ( which are orange and yellow ) . New forms of chromatography developed in the 1930s and 1940s made the technique useful for a wide range of separation processes and chemical analysis tasks , especially in biochemistry .
Precursors
The earliest use of chromatography—passing a mixture through an inert material to create separation of the solution components based on differential adsorption—is sometimes attributed to German chemist Friedlieb Ferdinand Runge , who in 1855 described the use of paper to analyze dyes . Runge dropped spots of different inorganic chemicals onto circles of filter paper already impregnated with another chemical , and reactions between the different chemicals created unique color patterns . According to historical analysis of L. S. Ettre , however , Runge 's work had `` nothing to do with chromatography '' ( and instead should be considered a precursor of chemical spot tests such as the Schiff test ) .
In the 1860s , Christian Friedrich Schönbein and their student Friedrich Goppelsroeder published the first attempts to study the different rates at which different substances move through filter paper . Schönbein , who thought capillary action ( rather than adsorption ) was responsible for the movement , called the technique capillary analysis , and Goppelsroeder spent much of their career using capillary analysis to test the movement rates of a wide variety of substances . Unlike modern paper chromatography , capillary analysis used reservoirs of the substance being analyzed , creating overlapping zones of the solution components rather than separate points or bands .
Work on capillary analysis continued , but without much technical development , well into the 20th century . The first significant advances over Goppelsroeder 's methods came with the work of Raphael E. Liesegang : in 1927 , they placed filter strips in closed containers with atmospheres saturated by solvents , and in 1943 they began using discrete spots of sample adsorbed to filter paper , dipped in pure solvent to achieve separation . This method , essentially identical to modern paper chromatography , was published just before the independent—and far more influential—work of Archer Martin and their collaborators that inaugurated the widespread use of paper chromatography .
In 1897 , the American chemist David Talbot Day ( 1859–1915 ) , then serving with the U.S. Geological Survey , observed that crude petroleum generated bands of color as it seeped upwards through finely divided clay or limestone . In 1900 , they reported their findings at the First International Petroleum Congress in Paris , where they created a sensation .
Tsvet and column chromatography
The first true chromatography is usually attributed to the Russian-Italian botanist Mikhail Tsvet . Tsvet applied their observations with filter paper extraction to the new methods of column fractionation that had been developed in the 1890s for separating the components of petroleum . They used a liquid-adsorption column containing calcium carbonate to separate yellow , orange , and green plant pigments ( what are known today as xanthophylls , carotenes , and chlorophylls , respectively ) . The method was described on December 30 , 1901 at the 11th Congress of Naturalists and Doctors ( XI съезд естествоиспытателей и врачей ) in Saint Petersburg . The first printed description was in 1903 , in the Proceedings of the Warsaw Society of Naturalists , section of biology . They first used the term chromatography in print in 1906 in their two papers about chlorophyll in the German botanical journal , Berichte der Deutschen Botanischen Gesellschaft . In 1907 they demonstrated their chromatograph for the German Botanical Society . Mikhail 's surname `` Цвет '' means `` color '' in Russian , so there is the possibility that their naming the procedure chromatography ( literally `` color writing '' ) was a way that they could make sure that he , a commoner in Tsarist Russia , could be immortalized .
In a 1903 lecture ( published in 1905 ) , Tsvet also described using filter paper to approximate the properties of living plant fibers in their experiments on plant pigments—a precursor to paper chromatography . They found that they could extract some pigments ( such as orange carotenes and yellow xanthophylls ) from leaves with non-polar solvents , but others ( such as chlorophyll ) required polar solvents . They reasoned that chlorophyll was held to the plant tissue by adsorption , and that stronger solvents were necessary to overcome the adsorption . To test this , they applied dissolved pigments to filter paper , allowed the solvent to evaporate , then applied different solvents to see which could extract the pigments from the filter paper . They found the same pattern as from leaf extractions : carotene could be extracted from filter paper using non-polar solvents , but chlorophyll required polar solvents .
Tsvet 's work saw little use until the 1930s .
Martin and Synge and partition chromatography
Chromatography methods changed little after Tsvet 's work until the explosion of mid-20th century research in new techniques , particularly thanks to the work of Archer John Porter Martin and Richard Laurence Millington Synge . By `` the marrying of two techniques , that of chromatography and that of countercurrent solvent extraction '' , Martin and Synge developed partition chromatography to separate chemicals with only slight differences in partition coefficients between two liquid solvents . Martin , who had previously been working in vitamin chemistry ( including attempts to purify vitamin E ) , began collaborating with Synge in 1938 , brought their experience with equipment design to Synge 's project of separating amino acids . After unsuccessful experiments with complex countercurrent extraction machines and liquid-liquid chromatography methods where the liquids move in opposite directions , Martin hit on the idea of using silica gel in columns to hold water stationary while an organic solvent flows through the column . Martin and Synge demonstrated the potential of the methods by separating amino acids marked in the column by the addition of methyl red . In a series of publications beginning in 1941 , they described increasingly powerful methods of separating amino acids and other organic chemicals .
In pursuit of better and easier methods of identifying the amino acid constituents of peptides , Martin and Synge turned to other chromatography media as well . A short abstract in 1943 followed by a detailed article in 1944 described the use of filter paper as the stationary phase for performing chromatography on amino acids : paper chromatography . By 1947 , Martin , Synge and their collaborators had applied this method ( along with Fred Sanger 's reagent for identifying N-terminal residues ) to determine the pentapeptide sequence of Gramicidin S. These and related paper chromatography methods were also foundational to Fred Sanger 's effort to determine the amino acid sequence of insulin .
Refining the techniques
Martin , in collaboration with Anthony T. James , went on to develop gas chromatography ( GC ; the principles of which Martin and Synge had predicted in their landmark 1941 paper ) beginning in 1949 . In 1952 , during their lecture for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry ( shared with Synge , for their earlier chromatography work ) , Martin announced the successful separation of a wide variety of natural compounds by gas chromatography . Previously , Erika Cremer had laid the theoretical basis of GC in 1944 and Austrian chemist Fritz Prior , under the direction of Erika Cremer , constructed in 1947 the first prototype of a gas chromatograph and achieved separating oxygen and carbon dioxide , in 1947 during their Ph.D. research .
The ease and efficiency of gas chromatography for separating organic chemicals spurred the rapid adoption of the method , as well as the rapid development of new detection methods for analyzing the output . The thermal conductivity detector , described in 1954 by N. H. Ray , was the foundation for several other methods : the flame ionization detector was described by J. Harley , W. Nel , and V. Pretorius in 1958 , and James Lovelock introduced the electron capture detector that year as well . Others introduced mass spectrometers to gas chromatography in the late 1950s .
The work of Martin and Synge also set the stage for high performance liquid chromatography , suggesting that small sorbent particles and pressure could produce fast liquid chromatography techniques . This became widely practical by the late 1960s ( and the method was used to separate amino acids as early as 1960 ) .
Thin layer chromatography
The first developments in thin layer chromatography occurred in the 1940s , and techniques advanced rapidly in the 1950s after the introduction of relatively large plates and relatively stable materials for sorbent layers .
Later developments
In 1987 Pedro Cuatrecasas and Meir Wilchek were awarded the Wolf Prize in Medicine for the invention and development of affinity chromatography and its applications to biomedical sciences .
References
Cited sources
Chromatography
Chromatography
Chromatography
Dangerous When Wet is a 1953 American live-action/animated musical comedy film starring Esther Williams , Fernando Lamas and Jack Carson , directed by Charles Walters and featuring an animated swimming sequence starring Williams with the cat-and-mouse duo Tom and Jerry .
Plot summary
Katie Higgins is the wholesome daughter of a dairy farmer . The entire family ( Pa , Ma , Suzie , Katie , and Junior ) start the day with a brisk song and morning swim . One day , Katie meets traveling salesperson Windy Weebe , who is instantly smitten . Weebe sells an elixir that purports to turn the user into a peppy , fit specimen , and upon noticing the entire family 's strength in the water , they suggest that they all attempt to swim the English Channel . The family and Weebe travel to England and learn that the channel 's distance is 20 miles `` as the seagull flies , '' but with the currents , it can be as many as 42 miles . Katie is the only one of the family strong enough to attempt this feat , so they begin training with Weebe as their coach .
On a foggy day , Katie is rescued from the water by handsome Frenchman Andre Lanet , who falls for Katie and tries to woo them Katie tries to stay focused on their swim , but they are pulled in different directions by Lanet and Weebe . In a dream sequence , Katie performs an underwater ballet with cartoon characters Tom and Jerry as well as with animated depictions of the people in their life . The film ends happily with Katie 's attempt to cross the channel and the resolution of their love-life issues .
Cast
Live-action cast
Esther Williams as Katie Higgins
Fernando Lamas as André Lanet
Jack Carson as Windy Weebe
Charlotte Greenwood as Ma Higgins
Denise Darcel as Gigi Mignon
William Demarest as Pa Higgins
Donna Corcoran as Junior Higgins
Barbara Whiting as Suzie Higgins
Bunny Waters as Greta
Henri Letondal as Joubert
Paul Bryar as Pierre
Jack Raine as Stuart Frye
Richard Alexander as Egyptian Channel swimmer
Tudor Owen as Old Salt
Ann Codee as Mrs. Lanet
Darrell Wesley Clow as the Norwegian Swimmer
Voice cast
William Hanna as Tom and Jerry ( uncredited )
Production
The film was based on a story by Dorothy Kingsley . MGM liked the story , bought it and hired Kingsley to develop it into a screenplay . It was originally titled Everybody Swims and was intended as a vehicle for Esther Williams and Debbie Reynolds .
In the underwater sequences in which Williams speaks to Tom and Jerry , Joseph Barbera animated pink bubbles coming from their mouth , an effect that cost $ 50,000 .
The film 's ending was rewritten after an incident during the filming when Johnny Weissmuller ( Esther 's former Aquacade partner ) dove into the water to swim alongside Florence Chadwick , whom they were coaching .
Casting
Reynolds was originally slated for the role of Williams 's little sister Suzie .
Though Williams knew of Lamas before they were cast as their love interest , the two had never been formally introduced . They married in 1969 , and remained so until Lamas 's death in 1982 . When asked whether they had known Lamas when the studio suggested their name as their costar , Williams mentioned that `` he starred in movies with Jane Powell , Greer Garson , and Lana Turner , and [ she ] knew they were romantically linked to Lana Turner . And [ she ] heard they could swim . Yes , Fernando Lamas sounded like good casting . '' At first , Lamas declined the role , stating that they came to MGM to be a star , and only wanted to act in `` important pictures . '' Williams convinced them that their part would be rewritten to be larger .
Release
According to MGM records , the film earned $ 2,230,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $ 1,025,000 elsewhere , recording a profit of $ 386,000 .
Critical reception
In a contemporary review for The New York Times , critic Bosley Crowther wrote : `` [ T ] his frolicsome item not only dumps you quite often in the drink , but also gives you some rather pleasant company to clown around with while on dry ground . ... [ T ] here is nothing very special or spectacular about Dangerous When Wet , but it comes as relaxing entertainment at this torpid time of the year . '' Crowther also called the Tom and Jerry sequence `` outstanding . ''
A review from Variety called the film `` a light mixture of tunes , comedy , water ballet and Esther Williams in a bathing suit . ''
Home media
On July 17 , 2007 , Warner Home Video and Turner Entertainment released Dangerous When Wet on DVD as part of the Esther Williams Spotlight Collection , Volume 1 . The five-disc set contained digitally remastered versions of several of Williams 's films including Bathing Beauty ( 1944 ) , Easy to Wed ( 1946 ) , On an Island with You ( 1948 ) and Neptune 's Daughter ( 1949 )
The Tom and Jerry sequence is also featured in several Tom and Jerry DVD and Blu-ray releases issued by Warner Home Video , including the Tom and Jerry Spotlight Collection , Volume 1 ( in the bonus features ) and Tom and Jerry : The Deluxe Anniversary Collection ( Disc 2 , as a special short ) .
References
External links
1953 films
1953 musical comedy films
American musical comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American films with live action and animation
American romantic musical films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer animated films
Films directed by Charles Walters
Films scored by Georgie Stoll
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Swimming films
Animated films about mice
Tom and Jerry films
Animated musical films
1950s American animated films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio films
1950s English-language films
The Atada class is a class of coastal minesweepers of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force .
Development
During the Pacific War , a large number of mines were laid in the waters near Japan by both Japan and the United States , which greatly hindered shipping including coastal areas at the end of the war , so the need to deal with this was urgent . It was a thing . For this reason , the scavenging force was maintained even while the Imperial Japanese Navy was dismantled after the surrender of Japan , and was taken over by the 2nd Ministry of Demobilization on December 1 , 1945 . After that , minesweepers were absorbed by the Japan Coast Guard , which was established on August 1 , 1952 , and transferred to the Coastal Security Force .
Immediately after its inauguration , the guards have been aiming for domestic production of minesweepers , and in 1953 , the first year after their inauguration , the construction of three medium-sized minesweepers ( MSCs ) was included . These three vessels have the characteristics of actual ship experiments , and two systems will be adopted for both the ship type and the main engine . Of these , two vessels adopted the round hull type . On the other hand , it was JDS Yashiro that adopted the square hull form .
Ships in the class
Citations
Ships built in Japan
Minesweepers of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force
Zarrinabad ( , also Romanized as Zarrīnābād , Zarrīn Ābād , and Zerrīnābād ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 94 , in 28 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
Udara is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . The species are found in the Indomalayan and the Australasian realms .
Species
Subgenus Udara Toxopeus , 1922
Udara akasa ( Horsfield , 1828 ) - white hedge blue ( India )
Udara aristinus ( Fruhstorfer , 1917 )
Udara aristius ( Fruhstorfer , 1910 )
Udara camenae ( de Nicéville , [ 1895 ] )
Udara cardia ( Felder , 1860 )
Udara coalita ( de Nicéville , 1891 )
Udara cyma ( Toxopeus , 1927 )
Udara dilectissima ( Druce , 1895 )
Udara dilecta ( Moore , 1879 ) ( India , China , Malay Peninsula )
Udara drucei ( Bethune-Baker , 1906 )
Udara etsuzoi Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Udara lanka Moore , 1877 - Ceylon hedge blue ( Sri Lanka )
Udara masinissa ( Fruhstorfer , 1910 )
Udara placidula ( Druce , 1895 )
Udara rona ( Grose-Smith , 1894 )
Udara serangana Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Udara singalensis ( R. Felder , 1868 )
Udara tenella ( Miskin , 1891 )
Udara toxopeusi ( Corbet , 1937 )
Subgenus Selmanix Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Udara aemulus Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Udara ceyx ( de Nicéville , [ 1893 ] )
Udara nishiyamai Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Udara santotomasana Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Udara selma ( Druce , 1895 )
Udara wilemani Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Subgenus Penudara Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Udara albocaerulea ( Moore , 1879 )
Udara oviana ( Fruhstorfer , 1917 )
Udara tyotaroi Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Subgenus Perivaga
Udara antonia Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Udara cybele Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Udara davenporti ( Parsons , 1986 )
Udara laetitia Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Udara manokwariensis ( Joicey , Noakes & Talbot , 1915 )
Udara meeki ( Bethune-Baker , 1906 )
Udara owgarra ( Bethune-Baker , 1906 )
Udara pullus ( Joicey & Talbot , 1916 )
Udara sibatanii Eliot & Kawazoé , 1983
Subgenus Vaga
Udara blackburnii ( Tuely , 1878 ) - Hawaiian blue ( Hawaii )
References
`` Udara Toxopeus , 1928 '' at Markku Savela 's Lepidoptera and some other life forms
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus
Titoni Ltd. is a Swiss watchmaker that was founded in 1919 by Fritz Schluep in the Swiss `` watch town '' of Grenchen . The company , which is now owned by the third generation of its founding family , currently employs around 60 people .
Titoni manufactures watches in the mid-price range . Almost all of the timepieces have mechanical movements that are assembled by hand .
References
Official Page Titoni AG
Watch manufacturing companies of Switzerland
Companies based in the canton of Solothurn
Grenchen
Swiss watch brands
Luxury
The Billboard Hot Latin Songs and Latin Airplay are charts that rank the best-performing Latin songs in the United States and are both published weekly by Billboard magazine . The Hot Latin Songs ranks the best-performing Spanish-language songs in the country based digital downloads , streaming , and airplay from all radio stations . The Latin Airplay chart ranks the most-played songs on Spanish-language radio stations in the United States .
Chart history
References
United States Latin Songs
2016
2016 in Latin music
Police Line Area , also known as PLA is a residential and commercial suburb located in Hisar city of Haryana , India . The planning of the area is administered by Haryana Urban Development Authority ( HUDA ) .
History
Before 1998 , PLA served as the residence for the officials and police training academy of Hisar branch of Haryana Police . In 1998 , the residential quarters were shifted to New Police Line and the area was transferred to Haryana Urban Development Authority .
Location
PLA lies on National Highway 9 . On its south-eastern side lies Central Jail and on the north-eastern side lies Flamingo Tourist Complex . Kaimri village lies on its south-western side and Jawahar Nagar lies on its north-western side . It is part of Municipal Corporation of Hisar , Hisar ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) and Hisar ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Facilities
Plots have been allotted by HUDA for construction of houses in the area . A shopping complex has also been constructed for shopping and other commercial activities . Gymkhana club has been developed for recreational activities and a community centre has been developed for community activities .
Adjacent to the Gymkhana Club is Town Park . It was constructed over the shooting range of police training academy . It is spread over an area of 12 acres and was opened for public in 2000 . It has an artificial waterfall and a musical fountain .
See also
List of suburbs of Hisar city
Amardeep colony
Defence colony , Hisar
Old Courts Commercial Complex , Hisar
References
Neighbourhoods in Hisar ( city )
Daniel B. Clark ( April 28 , 1890 – November 14 , 1961 ) was an American cinematographer . They worked on around a hundred films and television series during their career . During the late 1920s they were president of the American Society of Cinematographers .
Selected filmography
The Lone Star Ranger ( 1919 )
Catch My Smoke ( 1922 )
Tom Mix in Arabia ( 1922 )
Just Tony ( 1922 )
Up and Going ( 1922 )
Do and Dare ( 1922 )
The Fighting Streak ( 1922 )
Three Jumps Ahead ( 1923 )
The Lone Star Ranger ( 1923 )
North of Hudson Bay ( 1923 )
Stepping Fast ( 1923 )
The Heart Buster ( 1924 )
The Trouble Shooter ( 1924 )
Oh , You Tony ! ( 1924 )
Dick Turpin ( 1925 )
Riders of the Purple Sage ( 1925 )
The Lucky Horseshoe ( 1925 )
The Best Bad Man ( 1925 )
My Own Pal ( 1926 )
Hard Boiled ( 1926 )
The Great K & A Train Robbery ( 1926 )
The Yankee Señor ( 1926 )
The Broncho Twister ( 1927 )
The Circus Ace ( 1927 )
Daredevil 's Reward ( 1928 )
The Last of the Duanes ( 1930 )
Rough Romance ( 1930 )
Harmony at Home ( 1930 )
The Black Camel ( 1931 )
My Pal , the King ( 1932 )
Destry Rides Again ( 1932 )
Charlie Chan in Paris ( 1935 )
Charlie Chan in Egypt ( 1935 )
Back to Nature ( 1936 )
Educating Father ( 1936 )
Charlie Chan at the Circus ( 1936 )
Champagne Charlie ( 1936 )
Step Lively , Jeeves ! ( 1937 )
Charlie Chan at the Olympics ( 1937 )
Charlie Chan at Monte Carlo ( 1937 )
Five of a Kind ( 1938 )
References
Bibliography
Tag Gallagher . John Ford : The Man and Their Films . University of California Press , 1988 .
External links
1890 births
1961 deaths
American cinematographers
Recipients of the Scientific and Technical Academy Award of Merit
The Boston Celtics Radio Network is a radio network that broadcasts Boston Celtics basketball games with a flagship station of WBZ-FM/98.5 . Carried in 5 of the 6 New England states , the network has 20 stations ( 8 on A.M. , 12 on F.M . ) .
From 2005 until 2013 , Celtics games had been carried on Entercom-owned stations WRKO and WEEI . That partnership ended in August 2013 . In September 2013 , the Celtics announced that they had signed a multi-year deal with CBS Radio to broadcast games on their network . CBS Radio and Entercom merged in 2017 .
Radio Network ( 26 stations + 2 F.M . translators )
Flagships ( 1 station )
98.5/WBZ-FM : Boston
Affiliates ( 25 stations + 2 F.M . translators )
Maine ( 6 stations )
92.9/WEZQ : Bangor Boston Bruins primary affiliate
96.3/WJJB-FM : Gray
1310/WLOB : Portland
95.9/WPEI : Saco
95.5/WPPI : Topsham
1440/WRED : Westbrook
Massachusetts ( 7 stations + 1 F.M . translator )
105.5/WWEI : Easthampton
1400/WHTB : Fall River ( if there is a conflict on WSAR )
1480/WSAR : Fall River
1280/WPKZ : Fitchburg
105.3/W287BT : Fitchburg ( rebroadcasts WPKZ )
1230/WNAW : North Adams Boston Bruins primary affiliate
95.1/WXTK : West Yarmouth Boston Bruins primary affiliate
1440/WVEI : Worcester
New Hampshire ( 8 stations + 1 F.M . translator )
1230/WTSV : Claremont Boston Bruins primary affiliate
1450/WKXL : Concord
103.9/W280EC : Concord
1270/WTSN : Dover
1400/WTSL : Hanover Boston Bruins primary affiliate
1250/WGAM : Manchester
101.5/WWLK-FM : Meredith Boston Bruins primary affiliate
900/WGHM : Nashua
93.5/WEEY : Swanzey Boston Bruins primary affiliate
New York ( 2 stations )
101.3/WCPV : Essex
960/WEAV : Plattsburgh
Rhode Island ( 2 stations )
790/WPRV : Providence ( 2018- )
1240/WOON : Woonsocket ( 2009 , 2014- )
Former stations ( 20 stations + 1 F.M . translator )
Former flagships ( 7 stations )
680/WRKO : Boston , Massachusetts ( 1981-1991 , 1995–1996 , 2005–2007 )
590/WEEI Boston , Massachusetts ( 1991-1995 )
850/WHDH : Boston , Massachusetts ( co-flagship , 1952–1969 )
850/WEEI : Boston , Massachusetts ( 2007-2013 )
1510/WWZN : Boston , Massachusetts ( 2001-2005 )
93.7/WEEI-FM : Lawrence , Massachusetts ( 2011-2013 )
94.5/WHDH-FM : Boston , Massachusetts ( co-flagship , 1952–1969 ; sometimes carried Celtics games alone when WHDH was carrying a game of the Boston Bruins hockey club ) )
Former affiliates ( 16 stations + 1 F.M . translator )
620/WZON : Bangor , Maine
1280/WFAU : Gardiner , Maine
1450/WVOM : Rockland , Maine
1440/WRED : Westbrook , Maine
1320/WARA : Attleboro , Massachusetts ( 1990-1991 , 2005–2006 season ( as WARL ) )
104.9/WBOQ : Gloucester , Massachusetts
1420/WBSM : New Bedford , Massachusetts
560/WHYN : Springfield , Massachusetts
94.9/W235AV : Tatnuck ( relays WTAG )
580/WTAG : Worcester , Massachusetts
107.7/WTPL : Hillsborough
1420/WASR : Wolfeboro , New Hampshire
920WHJJ : Providence , Rhode Island ( 2015-2018 )
620/WVMT : Burlington , Vermont
1240/WSKI : Montpelier , Vermont
96.1/WDEV-FM : Warren , Vermont
550/WDEV : Waterbury , Vermont
93.9/WWOD : Woodstock , Vermont
References
External links
The Celtics Radio Network affiliates page on CBSBoston.com
Boston Celtis 98.5 The Sports Hub Announce Multi Year Broadcast Partnership
Radio Network
National Basketball Association on the radio
Sports radio networks in the United States
This list of Maya sites is an alphabetical listing of a number of significant archaeological sites associated with the Maya civilization of pre-Columbian Mesoamerica .
The peoples and cultures which comprised the Maya civilization spanned more than 2,500 years of Mesoamerican history , in the Maya Region of southern Mesoamerica , which incorporates the present-day nations of Guatemala and Belize , much of Honduras and El Salvador , and the southeastern states of Mexico from the Isthmus of Tehuantepec eastwards , including the entire Yucatán Peninsula .
Throughout this region , many hundreds of Maya sites have been documented in at least some form by archaeological surveys and investigations , while the numbers of smaller/uninvestigated ( or unknown ) sites are so numerous ( one study has documented over 4,400 Maya sites ) that no complete archaeological list has yet been made . The listing which appears here is necessarily incomplete , however it contains notable sites drawn from several large and ongoing surveys , such as the Corpus of Maya Hieroglyphic Inscriptions ( CMHI ) and other sources ( see References ) .
Note : Ignore the Spanish definite article `` El '' or `` La '' ( and their plurals `` Los '' and `` Las '' ) when looking for a site in the alphabetical listing e.g . for El Mirador , look under M rather than E .
Most important sites
Maya sites which are known to have been among the largest and most influential polities through the various eras of Maya history —Formative ( or Preclassic ) , Classic and Postclassic— and/or which have left the most impressive archaeological remains include :
Alphabetical listing
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
W
X
Y
Z
See also
Maya architecture
List of Mesoamerican pyramids
Degradation of Mayan archeological sites
Notes
External links
The long-term research project Text Database Dictionary of Classic Mayan is working on a list of Archaeological Sites with Maya Inscriptions that is constantly growing . The list is sorted by site name , and primarily encompasses the archaeological sites in Mesoamerica where Maya hieroglyphic inscriptions have been discovered and verifiably documented over the course of archaeological survey and excavations .
References
Amaroli , Paul ; and Fabio E. Amador ( 2003 ) `` Los Límites de Cihuatán : Reconocimiento arqueológico para determinar la extensión de la antigua ciudad '' . San Salvador , El Salvador : Fundación Nacional de Arqueología de El Salvador . Retrieved on 11 April 2016 .
Americas-related lists
Archaeology-related lists
Belize-related lists
Guatemala-related lists
Lists of buildings and structures in Mexico
Caldwell County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2020 census , the population was 12,649 . Its county seat is Princeton . The county was formed in 1809 from Livingston County , Kentucky and named for John Caldwell , who participated in the George Rogers Clark Indian Campaign of 1786 and was the second lieutenant governor of Kentucky . Caldwell was a prohibition or dry county until 2013 , when the citizens voted to lift the ban .
History
Caldwell County was formed from Livingston County in 1809 . Prior to that , Caldwell County had been part of Christian , Logan , and Lincoln Counties — Lincoln County having been one of the three original counties of Kentucky .
In the early nineteenth-century , Caldwell County witnessed the passage of the forced migration of the Cherokee to the West on the Trail of Tears during Indian removal . The Cherokee camped for several weeks in Caldwell County during the winter of 1838 , mainly at Big Springs , now in downtown Princeton ; at Skin Frame Creek , and in the Centerville area near Fredonia .
In 1860 , the construction of Princeton College began , but it was delayed by the Civil War . Confederate troops camped on the grounds of Princeton College in 1861 , using one of its buildings as a hospital . Following the Confederate retreat in early 1862 , however , Union soldiers occupied Princeton for the remainder of the war . In December 1864 , raiding Kentucky Confederate cavalry commanded by General Hylan B. Lyon burned the Caldwell County courthouse in Princeton , since it was being used to house the Union garrison .
The expansion of railroads in the late nineteenth century made Princeton an important junction on several major railway lines , most notably the Illinois Central and the Louisville & Nashville .
By the turn of the century , an agricultural boom in Dark Fired Tobacco had made Caldwell County , along with Christian County , a major tobacco-growing area . It was part of what was called the `` Black Patch '' , which used a special process to cure the tobacco . It included about 30 counties in western Kentucky and Tennessee . But the monopolization of the tobacco market by James B. Duke , who formed the American Tobacco Company , forced prices lower , leaving many farmers in debt and discontented .
In response , planters formed the Dark Tobacco District Planters ' Protective Association of Kentucky and Tennessee ( PPA ) , to work together in pooling their commodity in order to gain higher prices . They initially used persuasion to urge other farmers to join them .
Under the leadership of Dr. David Amoss of Cobb in Caldwell County , a vigilante force called the Night Riders was formed to strengthen the persuasion . The Night Riders terrorized those who cooperated with the tobacco company by destroying crops , burning warehouses , and attacking individuals . The Night Riders took over Princeton one night in December 1906 , burning all of the Duke tobacco warehouses . They raided other towns , conducting similar raids and destroying resources . The `` Black Patch Wars '' came to an end around 1908 , finally suppressed with the aid of the Kentucky state militia .
Since 1925 , Caldwell County has housed the University of Kentucky Research and Education Center , a campus of the University of Kentucky 's College of Agriculture . The `` UKREC '' in Princeton is a leader in horticultural and biological sciences .
In the mid-twentieth century , Caldwell County began to shift from agriculture to industrialization . Caldwell County is still largely agricultural , but it is also home to factories such as Bremner , the largest private cookie and cracker factory in North America .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.0 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Crittenden County ( northwest )
Webster County ( northeast )
Hopkins County ( northeast )
Christian County ( southeast )
Trigg County ( south )
Lyon County ( southwest )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 13,060 people , 5,431 households , and 3,801 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 6,126 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.89 % White , 4.81 % Black or African American , 0.15 % Native American , 0.16 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.39 % from other races , and 0.60 % from two or more races . 0.61 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 5,431 households , out of which 28.50 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.10 % were married couples living together , 9.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.00 % were non-families . 27.50 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 14.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.85 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 22.40 % under the age of 18 , 7.00 % from 18 to 24 , 26.30 % from 25 to 44 , 26.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 18.00 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 41 years . For every 100 females there were 92.60 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 89.90 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 28,686 , and the median income for a family was $ 35,258 . Males had a median income of $ 31,475 versus $ 20,390 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,264 . About 12.20 % of families and 15.90 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.40 % of those under age 18 and 15.60 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Fredonia
Princeton ( county seat )
Unincorporated communities
Bakers
Baldwin Ford
Black Hawk
The Bluff
Cedar Bluff
Claxton
Cobb
Cresswell
Crider
Crowtown
Enon
Farmersville
Flat Rock
Friendship
Fryer
Harper Ford
Hopson
Lake Shore
Lewistown
McGowan
Midway
Needmore
Otter Pond
Pumpkin Center
Quinn
Rufus
Shady Grove
Smith Ford
Tom Gray Ford
White Sulphur
Politics
Education
School districts include :
Caldwell County School District
Dawson Springs Independent School District
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Caldwell County , Kentucky
References
External links
Caldwell County Website
Caldwell County Schools
The Times Leader , Caldwell County Newspaper
Caldwell County Genealogy
Some History of Caldwell County
1809 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1809
Kentucky counties
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1649 .
Events
January 1 – Local authorities raid the four remaining London theatres – the Salisbury Court , the Red Bull , the Cockpit and the Fortune – to suppress clandestine play-acting . The actors found are arrested – except for the members of the Red Bull company , who manage to escape .
February 9 – Eikon Basilike : the Pourtrature of Their Sacred Majestie in Their Solitudes and Sufferings , purporting to be the spiritual autobiography of King Charles I of England , is published ten days after their execution and becomes a popular success . John Gauden later claims to have written it .
March 24 – The authorities damage the Cockpit Theatre to inhibit continued attempts to use it for plays . ( The building is not destroyed , however , and in 1660 it is fixed and used again , when drama resumes after the Restoration . )
April 23 – William Everard , a Digger , issues `` The Declaration and Standard of the Levellers of England . ''
October – John Milton 's Eikonoklastes : in Answer to a Book Intitl 'd Eikon Basilike , a defence of the execution of Charles I , is published .
With the London theatres closed since 1642 , the trend toward closet drama ( often highly politicized ) continues – and is accentuated by the January 30 execution of Charles I . In the play Newmarket Fair , Oliver Cromwell and other Parliamentary leaders commit suicide when they learn of the accession of Charles II , an event that actually still lies eleven years in the future .
Antoine Girard 's poem Rome Ridicule starts a fashion for burlesque poetry .
Sir William Davenant is appointed treasurer of the colony of Virginia .
New books
Prose
George Bates – Elenchus Motuum Nuperorum in Anglia , or , A short historical account of the rise and progress of the late troubles in England . First part published and read by Pepys ( 13 February 1662/63 )
Nicholas Culpepper – A Physicall Directory , or , A Translation of the London Dispensatory
René Descartes – Les passions de l'âme ( Passions of the Soul )
John Donne – Fifty Sermons
John Gauden ( attributed ) – Eikon Basilike : The Portraicture of Their Sacred Majestie in Their Solitudes and Sufferings
John Lilburne
England 's New Chains Discovered
Legal Fundamental Liberties
John Milton
Eikonoklastes ( a reply to Eikon Basilike )
The Tenure of Kings and Magistrates
Francisco Pacheco – Arte de la pintura ( The Art of Painting )
William Prynne – A Legal Vindication of the Liberties of England against all Illegal Taxes and Pretended Acts of Parliament
Alexander Ross – The Alcoran of Mahomet . First English translation , from the 1647 French of Andre du Ryer
`` Salmasius '' ( Claude de Saumaise ) – Defensio Regia
Jeremy Taylor – Apology for authorized and set forms of Liturgy against the Pretence of the Spirit
Edward Winslow – The Danger of Tolerating Levelers in a Civil State
Drama
Anonymous
A Bartholomew Fairing
The Disease of the House , or the State Mountebank Administering Physic to a Sick Parliament
The Famous Tragedy of Charles II , Basely Butchered
Newmarket Fair , or A Parliament Outcry
Anonymous ( `` T . B . '' ) – The Rebellion of Naples , or the Tragedy of Massenello
William Cavendish , Duke of Newcastle
The Country Captain
The Variety
Sir William Davenant – Love and Honour
Francis Quarles – The Virgin Widow
William Peaps – Love in Its Ecstasy , or the Large Prerogative
Christopher Wase – The Electra of Sophocles
Poetry
Antoine Girard de Saint-Amant – Rome Ridicule
Richard Lovelace – Lucasta : Epodes , Odes , Sonnets , Songs , & c. , to which is added Aramantha , A Pastoral
Francisco de Trillo y Figueroa – Al himeneo del señor D. Francisco de Vergara
Lachrymae Musarum : The Tears of the Muses
Monumentum Regale , a Tombe for Charles I
Births
March 3 – Sir John Floyer , English medical writer and physician ( died 1734 )
June 13 – Adrien Baillet , French critic and biographer ( died 1706
September 27 – Jonas Danilssønn Ramus , Norwegian historian ( died 1718 )
Unknown date – Samuel Johnson , English political writer ( died 1703 )
Deaths
March 19 – Gerhard Johann Vossius , Dutch classicist and theologian ( born 1577 )
June 3 – Manuel de Faria e Sousa , Portuguese historian and poet ( born 1590 )
June 20 – Maria Tesselschade Visscher , Dutch poet ( born 1594 )
August 25 – Richard Crashaw , English poet ( born c. 1613 )
October 3 – Giovanni Diodati , Swiss-born Italian theologian ( born 1576 )
November 19 – Caspar Schoppe , German critic ( born 1576 )
December 4 – William Drummond of Hawthornden , Scottish poet ( born 1585 )
Autumn – Alexander Leighton , Scottish pamphleteer and physician ( born c. 1570 )
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Luis Enrique Fierro ( born November 14 , 1936 in Tulcán ) is an Ecuadorian medic and poet .
They were awarded the Ecuadorian National Prize of Culture `` Premio Eugenio Espejo '' in 2005 by the President of Ecuador .
References
Ecuadorian poets
People from Tulcán
1936 births
Living people
Hugh Brown may refer to :
Sports
Hugh Brown ( golfer ) ( c . 1850– ? ) , Scottish golfer
Hugh Brown ( boxer ) ( 1894– ? ) , British boxer
Hugh Brown ( Queen 's Park footballer ) , Scottish footballer who made one appearance for Queen 's Park in 1915
Hugh Brown ( sportswriter ) ( c . 1907– ? ) , American sportswriter
Hugh Brown ( footballer , born 1921 ) ( 1921–1994 ) , Scottish footballer , played for Partick Thistle , Torquay United and Scotland
Hugh Brown ( footballer , born 1940 ) , Scottish footballer , played for Kilmarnock , Dumbarton and Scotland under-23
Others
Hugh Stowell Brown ( 1823–1886 ) , Christian minister and preacher
Hugh D. Brown ( fl . 1887–1893 ) , Irish Association Baptist author , pastor-teacher , politician and President of the Irish Baptist Association
Hugh Auchincloss Brown ( 1879–1975 ) , electrical engineer best known for advancing a theory of catastrophic pole shift
Hugh B . Brown ( 1883–1975 ) , American and Canadian attorney , educator , and Latter-day Saint leader
Hugh Brown ( politician ) ( 1919–2008 ) , Scottish Member of Parliament
Hugh Ned Brown ( 1919–2011 ) , American fund-raising consultant
U Brown ( Huford Brown , born 1956 ) , Jamaican reggae deejay and producer
The list of current and past Rajya Sabha members from the Puducherry Union Territory . The Union territory elects 1 member for a term of 6 years who is indirectly elected by the state legislators , since 1964 .
Chronological List of all Rajya Sabha members from Puducherry union territory
Chronological list by last date of appointment
See Also
Puducherry Lok Sabha constituency
Rajya Sabha Election in Puducherry
Elections in Puducherry
References
External links
Rajya Sabha homepage hosted by the Indian government
List of Sitting Members of Rajya Sabha ( Term Wise )
MEMBERS OF RAJYA SABHA ( STATE WISE RETIREMENT LIST )
Puducherry
Rajya Sabha
Karin Dorinda Norlin Rodland ( born 1949 ) is an American cancer cell biologist . They are a professor emeritus at Oregon Health and Science University .
Education
Rodland earned an A.B . from Hood College in 1970 , and a PhD in biology from Syracuse University in 1974 . They also completed their post-doctoral research at Syracuse with a National Cancer Institute Public Health Service Research Service Award .
Career
Rodland began their academic career at Reed College in 1979 , then Oregon Health and Science University School of Medicine in 1985 . They were named a laboratory fellow at the U.S. Pacific Northwest National Laboratory , and a professor emeritus in Cell , Developmental and Cancer Biology , at Oregon Health and Science University School of Medicine . They retired in June 2020 .
Rodland serves on the board of directors for the U.S. Human Proteome Organization , the editorial board of Cancer Biomarkers and Cancer Genomics and Proteomics , and on the Leadership Development Committee of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology . They were appointed to the Board of Directors of the Andy Hill Cancer Research Endowment ( CARE ) Fund by Washington State Governor Jay Inslee in 2022 .
Awards
2021 U.S. Pacific Northwest National Laboratory Lab Director 's Award for Lifetime Achievement in Science or Technology
2020 Human Proteome Organization Distinguished Achievement in Proteomic Sciences Award
2019 Northwest Section of the Ninety-Nines Spinning Prop Award
2011 Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
2008 Laboratory Fellow of the U.S. Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
2006 Northwest Section of the Ninety-Nines Spinning Prop Award
Selected publications
Mass Spectrometry and Biomarkers Development , Karin D. Rodland ( Ed . ) , IOS Press , 2004 .
Hui Zhang et al . ( 2016 ) `` Integrated Proteogenomic Characterization of Human High-Grade Serous Ovarian Cancer '' , Cell 166 ( 3 ) : 755–765
Suhas Vasaikar et al . ( 2019 ) `` Proteogenomic Analysis of Human Colon Cancer Reveals New Therapeutic Opportunities '' , Cell 177 ( 4 ) : 1035–1049.e19
Systems Biology of Biomarkers , Karin D. Rodland ( Ed . ) , IOS Press , 2020 .
References
Living people
American women biologists
Aviators from Idaho
Cancer researchers
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Hood College alumni
Oregon Health & Science University faculty
Reed College faculty
Syracuse University alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Hava Nagila ( , Havah Nagilah , `` Let us rejoice '' ) is a Jewish folk song . It is traditionally sung at celebrations , such as weddings . Written in 1918 , it quickly spread though the Jewish diaspora .
History
Hava Nagila is one of the first modern Jewish folk songs in the Hebrew language . It went on to become a staple of band performers at Jewish weddings and bar/bat ( b'nei ) mitzvah celebrations .
The melody is based on a Hassidic Nigun . It was composed in 1918 , to celebrate the Balfour Declaration and the British victory over the Ottomans in 1917 . It was first performed in a mixed choir concert in Jerusalem .
Abraham Zevi Idelsohn ( 1882–1938 ) , a professor at Hebrew University , began cataloging all known Jewish music and teaching classes in musical composition ; one of their students was a promising cantorial student , Moshe Nathanson , who with the rest of their class was presented by the professor with a 19th-century , slow , melodious , chant ( niggun or nigun ) and assigned to add rhythm and words to fashion a modern Hebrew song . There are competing claims regarding Hava Nagila 's composer , with both Idelsohn and Nathanson being suggested .
The niggun has been attributed to the Sadigurer Chasidim , who lived in what is now Ukraine . This version has been recreated by Daniel Gil . The text was probably refined by Idelsohn . Members of the community began to immigrate to Jerusalem in 1915 , and Idelsohn wrote in 1932 that they had been inspired by that melody .
Lyrics
Notable performers
Singer Harry Belafonte is known for their version of the song , which was recorded for their album Belafonte at Carnegie Hall in 1959 . They rarely gave a concert without singing it , and stated that the two “ stand out ” songs from their professional career were “ The Banana Boat Song , ” and “ Hava Nagila ” . Belafonte noted and claimed , `` Life is not worthwhile without it . Most Jews in America learned that song from me . ''
Dalida ( 1959 )
Brave Combo
Glen Campbell
Chubby Checker
Carmela Corren - Israeli singer
Celia Cruz
Dick Dale and the Del Tones ( surf rock )
Neil Diamond , in addition to having performed Hava Nagila in their 1994 Live In America concert , incorporated it into The Jazz Singer , based on Samson Raphaelson 's play , in which they acted out a cantor with popular-music ambitions .
Dream Theater performed a cover of `` Hava Nagila '' in Tel Aviv , Israel on June 16 , 2009 .
Bob Dylan
Lena Horne , `` Now ! '' ( US # 92 , 1963 )
Irving Fields
Ivan Rebroff
Four Jacks and a Jill released a version of the song on their 1965 album , Jimmy Come Lately .
Connie Francis
Abraham Zevi Idelsohn published the Hebrew song book , `` Sefer Hashirim , '' in 1922 , which includes the first publication of their arrangement of the song Hava Nagila . They also produced the first commercial recording in 1922 , on the Polyphon record label ( `` Order No . 8533 . `` ) , as part of a series which recorded 39 Hebrew folk songs .
Jon Lord of Deep Purple included Hava Nagila in their solo keyboard improvisations as heard on Made in Europe ( 1975 ) .
Betty Madigan , `` Dance Everyone Dances '' ( US # 31 , 1958 )
Me First and the Gim me Gimmes , who recorded the song live for the album Ruin Jonny 's Bar Mitzvah . They also recorded a second version on the same album to the tune of Feliz Navidad .
Frank Slay and their Orchestra , `` Flying Circle '' ( US # 45 , 1962 )
The Spotnicks
Pete Townshend , whose ability to play the song was instrumental to their induction in The Who .
Nissim Black , a Jewish Orthodox rapper , recorded an adaptation titled `` The Hava Song '' .
Use in sports
Basketball
Maccabi Tel Aviv
After every home Maccabi Tel Aviv win , the fan group The Gate , which is the biggest Maccabi fan group , start chanting Hava Nagila
Association football
Ajax Amsterdam
Supporters of the Dutch association football club AFC Ajax , although not an official Jewish club , commonly use Jewish imagery . A central part of Ajax fans ' culture , the song Hava Nagila can often be heard sung in the Stadium by the team 's supporters , and at one point ringtones of `` Hava Nagila '' could even be downloaded from the club 's official website .
Tottenham Hotspur
Supporters of the English football club Tottenham Hotspur commonly refer to themselves as `` Yids '' and are strongly associated with Jewish symbolism and culture . `` Hava Nagila '' has been adopted as an anthem of sorts by the club , and was one of the most frequently sung songs at the team 's former stadium at White Hart Lane .
Other versions
`` Hava Nagila '' was covered in a Cantonese version as `` 狂歡 '' ( `` Carnival '' ) . It was recorded for the album 《活色生香》 by George Lam in 1981 .
In Finnish the song is being performed by the name Hanna ja Niilo Hanna .
See also
Hora ( dance )
Jewish music
Music of Israel
Zum Gali Gali
References
External links
Hava Nagila 's Long , Strange Trip at My Jewish Learning
Hora Music , How do you sing and dance `` Hava Nagila '' - lyrics and steps
Hava Nagila - The Original , & Unaltered Hasidic Melody
Who wrote `` Havah Nagilah '' ?
Hava Nagila at HebrewSongs.com
Historical research includes first recording of Hava Nagila
Romani version of `` Hava Nagila '' ( Aven , rromalen )
1918 songs
Four Jacks and a Jill songs
Israeli songs
Hebrew-language songs
Jewish folk songs
AFC Ajax songs
Tottenham Hotspur F.C . songs
Glen Campbell songs
1996 singles
Dutch Top 40 number-one singles
Party Animals ( music group ) songs
Internet memes
Corruption in Tajikistan is a widespread phenomenon that is found in all spheres of Tajik society . The situation is essentially similar to that in the other former Soviet republics of Central Asia . Reliable specifics about corruption can be difficult to come by , however , as can hard information about the effectiveness of supposed anti-corruption initiatives .
Corruption , according to a 2015 article in The Diplomat , is present in every aspect of Tajikistan 's culture . Examples include students paying bribes for better grades , bribes for the release of prisoners , and “ smugglers tipping border guards to look the other way ” as well as many others . Freedom House said much the same thing in 2016 , calling corruption a problem affecting every aspect of Tajik society .
According to Transparency International , citizens of Tajikistan consider government bureaucrats and services to be the most corrupt institutions , with police , customs , and tax-collection authorities at the top of the list , followed by college and hospital administrators . In a 2010 survey , Tajikistanis said they were most likely to be confronted with bribery during dealings with the traffic police ( 53.6 % ) , followed closely by land purchases ( 53.3 % ) and dealings with universities ( 45.4 % ) . Almost two-thirds believed that the level of corruption in the country was high and unlikely to change soon ; about half thought that most officials take bribes ; and about half viewed corruption negatively .
Background
Tajikistan gained independence in 1991 , when the Soviet Union collapsed , and the ensuing civil war , waged from 1992 to 1997 , left the people largely apathetic and passive in the face of government authority . Landlocked and poor in natural resources , Tajikistan remains the poorest and least developed of the former Soviet republics , with half of the inhabitants living on less than 2 USD a day . Many Tajiks have emigrated to Russia or Kazakhstan , and the large amounts of money they send back home make Tajikistan one of the more remittance-dependent countries on earth . There are , moreover , major problems with organized crime , drug trafficking , religious extremism , and drug abuse .
Scale of corruption
Transparency International 's Corruption Perceptions Index scores 180 countries according to the perceived corruption of the public sector and then ranks those countries by their score . In the 2021 Index , the country whose public sector was perceived to be most honest received a score of 88 ( out of 100 ) and a rank of 1 ; the country whose public sector was perceived as most corrupt , a score of 11 and a rank of 180 . Tajikistan received a score of 25 and a rank of 150 . Of its neighbors , China scored 45 , Uzbekistan 28 , Kyrgyzstan 27 , and Afghanistan 16 .
Tajikistan received a score of 9 out of 100 , for control of corruption on the World Bank 's 2009 Worldwide Governance Indicators ( WGI ) . This score represented a drop from 18 in 2007 .
Perceptions
In a 2010 survey by the United Nations Development Programme , almost 80 % of respondents said their country was corrupt .
Government corruption
Tajikistan is not considered a free country ; Freedom House has called the country 's multi-party system a `` democratic façade . '' Government employees and officials often extort money from citizens , especially from civil servants . For instance , some public employees were required to buy shares in the Rogun Dam in order to keep their jobs .
Owing to corruption , incompetence , and a lack of public resources and facilities , the country 's government administration is highly inefficient , and bribery is common . Farmers and entrepreneurs in particular have to deal with corrupt officials on a regular basis .
The current regime is awash in patronage , cronyism , and self-enrichment . Political and economic power is concentrated the hands of the family of Emomali Rakhmon , president since 1992 . The government has ties to organized crime and accountability is rarely present .
U.S. diplomatic cables leaked in 2010 noted that members of Rakhmon 's family and inner circle are widely viewed as being the most corrupt people in the country . An example of the problem of nepotism at the highest level is Rakhmon 's son Rustam Emomali , who by their mid-20s had already been a member the Dushanbe city council , head of the Tajikistan Football Federation , owner of a major football club , head of the Customs Service , and head of the country 's anti-corruption agency . In January 2017 , Rustam Emomali was appointed Mayor of Dushanbe , a key position , which is seen by some analysts as the next step to the top of the government . Similarly , the president made their daughter Ozoda Emomali as the deputy minister of foreign affairs in 2009 , and five years later appointed them as first deputy minister . Them husband , Jamoliddin Nuraliyev , became first deputy finance minister in 2008 and a deputy chairperson of the National Bank in 2015 .
Generally speaking , details of government budgets are not made available to the public . Government officials and high-level employees are required by law to disclose their assets , but their declarations are never audited .
Corrupt Tajik officials have siphoned billions of dollars from state-owned banks and enterprises into offshore accounts . According to the IMF , about $ 3.5 billion , or more than a third of the country 's annual GDP , has ended up in such accounts . The state-run Talco aluminum smelter is owned by British Virgin Islands-based firms , and its revenue , instead of being returned to the state budget , has been used as a slush fund for Tajik officials .
Elections
Elections are characterized by massive fraud , and members of opposition parties are routinely bought off , threatened , exiled , or imprisoned . While the law limits donations allowed to be made to political parties from a person and candidates , the financial accounts of parties and politicians are not audited .
Judiciary
Although the judiciary is nominally independent , in practice it is under the control of the president , who has the power to hire and fire judges at will . President Rakhmon 's power over the courts has intensified over time . Judges are widely viewed as incompetent , and many of them solicit illegal payments in order to settle cases or release inmates from prison . Conflicts of interests in legal cases are common , with no safeguards readily available .
Impunity
The degree to which corrupt leaders in Tajikistan enjoy impunity is reflected in the case of Muradali Alimardon . Despite being found in 2009 to have made $ 550 million in illicit loans to family-related projects , Alimardon was promoted from National Bank chairperson to deputy prime minister , after which , according to The Economist , they took a $ 120 million more in unauthorized loans from state-owned Agroinvestbank .
Police
Police officers , especially traffic police , are viewed as being highly corrupt . In particular , they are seen as catering to elites , who are virtually immune from arrest and prosecution , rather than serving citizens . Police salaries , moreover , are low , and officers routinely solicit bribes to supplement their incomes . Many members of the police force also collaborate with organized criminals , notably drug smugglers . As of 2012 , about a third of Tajikistan 's GDP came from heroin trafficking , which , according to the U.S. State Department , occurs with the aid of law enforcement and government officials .
Business
Business executives in Tajikistan , according to the World Economic Forum 's 2013 Global Competitiveness Report , view corruption as the fourth largest obstacle to business in Tajikistan , behind tax rates , government regulations , and poor access to financing . In 2015 , Tajikistan ranked at 166th out of 189 countries on the World Bank 's Ease of Doing Business ranking place , placing it at the bottom of the Europe and Central Asia region . According to a 2008 World Bank survey , over 44 % of business people say they were expected to present civil servants with “ gifts , ” and over a third had experienced bribery demands during the previous year .
Healthcare
Health workers are generally not well paid , and rely on gifts and bribes to supplement their income . Many citizens must pay bribes in order to receive supposedly free medical care or to secure a hospital bed . Since many healthcare professionals received their degrees as a result of payment instead of education , the quality of care is often poor , and the best practitioners can demand an even higher bribe than might otherwise be asked . Conventional knowledge is that those who can afford it would better spend their money bribing a customs official for a visa to Russia to access healthcare there .
Universities
As a rule , young people must pay sizeable bribes to get into universities and receive better grades . A salient example of this is the Tajikistani healthcare system . Many healthcare professionals in Tajikistan receive their degree in medicine via a two-year university correspondence course , at the end of which there is a single in-person exam . It is understood that the cash turned in to the proctor determines the grade rather than the actual exam result . This is one of numerous factors contributing to the low quality of healthcare in Tajikistan .
The universal corruption in Tajikistani universities is part of the reason that no universities in the country are internationally accredited . Unfortunately , it is also common in secondary and even elementary schools . Teachers or professors who require more bribes from their students are able to bribe their supervisors more and receive promotions whereas teachers or professors who do not accept or offer bribes can be overlooked for promotion or simply fired to be replaced with someone that has bribed school officials . Since all university qualifications are merely purchased , professors and teachers often have no knowledge of their field or teaching ability .
Anti-corruption activities
U.S. diplomatic cables written in 2006 and 2007 and leaked in 2010 called “ anti-corruption ” a new buzzword in Tajikistan , but suggested that there was little substance to the government 's purported efforts on this front . A law passed in 2008 professes to set in place strong safeguards and to protect whistleblowers , but in practice corruption continues to flourish . Similarly , another law professes to guarantee access to government information , but in practice it is difficult for most citizens to gain such access . The Office of the Human Rights Ombudsman was established in 2008 , but the government and judiciary pay little heed to complaints submitted to it . Although the Ombudsman is nominally independent , they are personally appointed by the president and can be replaced by him .
There are laws supposedly requiring transparency in political party financing , but they tend to be ineffective . Other laws require that announcements and tenders be published and that public procurement officials declare their assets , but they are not properly enforced .
The Anti-Corruption Network ( ACN ) for Eastern Europe and Central Asia was founded by the OECD , European Union , and some banking and business organizations in 1998 to support anti-corruption efforts in the region . In 2003 , the ACN launched an initiative which involves producing country reviews for Tajikistan and seven other countries . Tajikistan has been a member of the United Nations Convention against Corruption ( UNCAC ) since 2006 . Since 2012 , the OSCE 's Tajikistan office has contained a Good Governance Unit , which seeks to work with the government to fight corruption . Also , Tajikistan is one of four countries in the region chosen by the World Bank to test its Country Governance and Anti-Corruption process .
The ineffectiveness of purported anti-corruption efforts is reflected in the fact that the nation 's agency for the state 's control of its budget and opposing corruption is generally viewed as one of the country 's most corrupt institutions . Most of those who are prosecuted for corruption by the agency are employed in the lower rungs of the civil service , with the bulk of prosecutions occurring in the health , education , and agriculture sectors . This agency , formed in 2007 , is under Rakhmon 's control , not parliament 's , guaranteeing that no one will be prosecuted for corruption without their personal approval . In an example of the high-level nepotism that is well-nigh ubiquitous in Tajikistan , the agency has been headed since March 2015 by Rakhmon 's son Rustam .
A June 2015 report noted that Rustam had just arrested Hasan Rajabov ( sometimes transliterated as Khasan Radzhabov ) , an adviser to the president , on corruption charges . Rajabov was accused of massive embezzlement and soliciting bribes . Also arrested was Izzattullo Azizov , a member of the state religious affairs committee , who was accused of soliciting $ 2,000 bribes from Muslims wanting to travel to Mecca for the hajj . In addition , Rustam has arrested several other senior officials for corruption .
One problem with anti-corruption efforts is that persons in power routinely use corruption allegations to try to bring down their political opponents . In June 2016 , a government newspaper accused Muhiddin Kabiri , the exiled leader of the opposition , of illicit property purchases , and they have avoided prosecution only by staying abroad . Zaid Saidov , a former industry minister who had attempted to establish an opposition party , was targeted with corruption charges in 2013 , and was arrested and sentenced to 51 years in prison .
A May 2014 OECD report called on Tajikistan to step up its fight against corruption . While praising the country for passing anti-corruption laws , the OECD urged the regime to enforce those laws .
See also
International Anti-Corruption Academy
Group of States Against Corruption
International Anti-Corruption Day
ISO 37001 Anti-bribery management systems
United Nations Convention against Corruption
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention
Transparency International
References
Crime in Tajikistan by type
Economy of Tajikistan
Tajikistan
Politics of Tajikistan
Tajikistan
Law of Tajikistan
Society of Tajikistan
Government of Tajikistan
Evil Star is the name of two supervillains appearing in DC Comics publications .
Publication history
The Guy Pompton version of Evil Star debuted in All Star Comics # 44 and was created by John Broome and Irwin Hasen .
The alien version of Evil Star first appeared in Green Lantern ( vol . 2 ) # 37 ( June 1965 ) and was created by Gardner Fox and Gil Kane .
Fictional character biography
Guy Pompton
Guy Pompton , owner of Ace Movie Rental Agency and a crimelord , dons a costumed identity in 1948 to stop a movie studio from completing a film using a script that will expose their criminal activities . They fight the Justice Society of America and is defeated .
Unknown
A scientist on the planet Auron dedicates themselves to cheating death by drawing power from the stars themselves . They invent the Starband , which makes them immortal , but twists their mind toward evil and prematurely ages their fellow Aurons . The people of Auron want them to destroy the Starband , but having tasted immortality they refuse to give it up . The ensuing battle leaves all of Auron lifeless except for the scientist , now known as Evil Star . Evil Star seeks new worlds to conquer and comes into frequent conflict with the Guardians of the Universe and the Green Lanterns , including Hal Jordan .
The Guardians later send Evil Star to the Erral Rehab Facility , where they use a brainwave nullifier in an attempt to cure him . This rehabilitation is only partially successful , as the nullifier stimulates their subconscious mind , recreating the Starlings , who bring them the Starband . Evil Star flees to Earth in a confused state , believing the Starlings are persecuting him . They fight with Ferrin Colos , one of the Darkstars , who floods Evil Star 's mind with reminders of the lives they have taken , starting with their homeworld . Evil Star 's mind shuts down , and they are returned to the Guardians for re-education .
Evil Star is freed by Neron , with enhanced Starlings , but returned to captivity by the Darkstars and Guy Gardner .
Evil Star was mentioned , seemingly in passing , by Sister Sercy of the Blue Lantern Corps as a menace to their homeworld . It is unknown if the Evil Star they refer to is a past version , or a previously unheard-of version of the villain .
Evil Star is also cited as the guiding force behind the Kroloteans abducting William Hand , searching Hand 's insides for the blackness that would lead to the Blackest Night .
Evil Star appears in Grant Morrison and Liam Sharp 's The Green Lantern . Slavers from Dhor free them from the Southern Supervoid where they were being incarcerated by the Guardians of the Universe . They then attack them and remove their Starbrand , which was preserving their youth , causing them to rapidly age . They abandon him , near death , in Sector 2814 where they are hospitalized .
Powers and abilities
Evil Star 's primary weapon is the Starband . The Starband draws the energy of the stars to prolong Evil Star 's lifespan , enable them to fly , survive in space , create force blasts or hard light constructs , and powers the Starlings . Starlings are miniature versions of Evil Star that possess superhuman strength and invulnerability , and are under their complete control . Starlings need direct commands from Evil Star to function , and they become directionless if they are unconscious . If Evil Star is kept away from starlight for a prolonged period , their powers fade away . Since starlight is the same as sunlight , the Starband 's force blasts and constructs serve to increase Superman 's powers .
Other versions
Evil Star has appeared in some Elseworlds stories :
Batman : In Darkest Knight
In the Elseworlds tale , Batman : In Darkest Knight , a version of Evil Star exists . Harvey Dent was the Gotham District Attorney and was shown to be more supportive of Green Lantern than Commissioner Gordon . Sinestro , after becoming deranged from absorbing Joe Chill 's mind , scarred Dent 's face and empowered them along with Selina Kyle ( known as Star Sapphire ) and sent them out to kill the Green Lantern , with Dent known as 'Binary Star . Even though they were defeated , the pair managed to escape back to Sinestro .
JLA : Another Nail
In the Elseworlds tale , JLA : Another Nail , the follow-up to JLA : The Nail , Evil Star makes an appearance .
In other media
Television
Evil Star was featured in the Green Lantern episode `` Evil is as Evil Does '' , voiced by Paul Frees .
Evil Star appears in Justice League Unlimited , voiced by an uncredited George Newbern . Evil Star appears in the episode `` The Cat and the Canary '' , at Roulette 's Metabrawl and is reported to be a member of the Secret Society led by Gorilla Grodd . The Flash ( inhabiting the body of Lex Luthor ) once calls them `` Evil-Head Guy '' in the episode , `` The Great Brain Robbery '' , and in `` Destroyer '' , the final episode of the series , they are one of the few members of the Secret Society that survives the final Apokoliptian assault on Earth .
Evil Star appears in the Batman : The Brave and the Bold episode `` Revenge of the Reach ! `` , voiced by J.K. Simmons . Blue Beetle calls up their friend Paco and asks their advice to defeat Evil Star as Blue Beetle is fighting them at the same time . Paco tells Blue Beetle that Evil Star draws their powers from the stars causing Blue Beetle to create a space cloud to block Evil Star 's power source . Before the Blue Beetle Scarab can cause Blue Beetle to finish off Evil Star , Batman intervenes . Batman and Blue Beetle then hand Evil Star over to the Green Lantern Corps .
Video games
Evil Star appears in DC Universe Online , voiced by Joey Hood .
Books
Evil Star was the main antagonist in a Justice League novel . Their background is similar to the comics , except that they try to establish themselves Monarch of Ulandira ( Auron 's capital city Ulandir ) .
Evil Star battles Green Lantern in Beware Our Power ! by Scott Sonneborn published by Capstone Publishers as part of their DC Super Heroes line of illustrated children 's books .
References
Characters created by Gardner Fox
Characters created by Gil Kane
Comics characters introduced in 1948
Comics characters introduced in 1965
DC Comics aliens
DC Comics extraterrestrial supervillains
DC Comics supervillains
Golden Age supervillains
The 1948 Washington Senators won 56 games , lost 97 , and finished in seventh place in the American League . They were managed by Joe Kuhel and played home games at Griffith Stadium . It was the first Senators season to be broadcast on television with Bob Wolff on the booth for gameday broadcasts on WTTG-TV .
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note : Pos = Position ; G = Games played ; AB = At bats ; H = Hits ; Avg . = Batting average ; HR = Home runs ; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note : G = Games played ; AB = At bats ; H = Hits ; Avg . = Batting average ; HR = Home runs ; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; IP = Innings pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; IP = Innings pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; SV = Saves ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS : Sherman–Denison , Havana
Notes
References
1948 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1948 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washington
Great Smoky Mountain sedge is a common name for several plants and may refer to :
Carex fumosimontana , native to the Great Smoky Mountains of the eastern United States
Carex proposita , native to the Smoky Mountains of Idaho in the western United States
Robert Eshun ( born 19 December 1974 ) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer .
Career
Eshun began their career with Asante Kotoko , scoring in the final of the 1990 FA Cup . They also played in Belgium for Turnhout , Tielen , Lommel and Dessel . They later played in Turkey for Gaziantepspor , and in Malaysia for Sarawak FA .
References
1974 births
Living people
Ghanaian footballers
Asante Kotoko S.C. players
KFC Turnhout players
K.F.C . Lommel S.K . players
Gaziantepspor footballers
K.F.C . Dessel Sport players
Sarawak FA players
Süper Lig players
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
Association football defenders
The Aeromarine AS was a seaplane fighter aircraft evaluated by the US Navy in the early 1920s .
Development and design
Other than the vertical stabilizer , it was configured as a conventional two-bay biplane on twin pontoons , with two seats . The sole example of the original design , designated AS-1 had an inverted fin . After evaluation testing , the Navy ordered two aircraft , designated AS-2 . The AS-2 had cruciform tails and larger radiators , and ailerons on both upper and lower wings .
Variants
A.S.-1 1 built
A.S.-2 2 built
Specifications ( AS-1 )
References
Citations
Bibliography
Taylor , J. H. ( ed ) ( 1989 ) Jane 's Encyclopedia of Aviation . Studio Editions : London . p. 29
External links
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Biplanes
1920s United States fighter aircraft
Floatplanes
AS
Frank Robinson ( 1932 – 4 July 2004 ) was an eccentric street entertainer in Nottingham , England . They were by far Nottingham 's best known busker and was regularly seen around Nottingham City Centre for over fifteen years . Their favourite busking place was outside of the C & A store in the Lister Gate area of the city .
Little is known about Robinson 's personal life or background . Robinson lived in Cotgrave , south of Nottingham , travelling to the city each day . Their real name only became widely known following their death ; to the people of Nottingham and beyond , they were simply and affectionately known as the 'Xylophone Man ' .
Robinson played a small child 's metallophone ( despite their nickname ) with a limited repertoire . Their seemingly random hitting of bars was a familiar noise in the city centre and , despite their lack of musical ability , their excitable and enthusiastic approach to their instrument endeared them to the Nottingham public and also earned them something of a cult following .
The only interview they granted in their lifetime was with Nottingham media organisation LeftLion . Their death in July 2004 sparked genuine mourning from many of the city 's people . BBC Radio Nottingham placed a tributes page on its website which within hours had hundreds of messages from city 's residents as well as people much further afield .
On 10 November 2005 , a simple memorial was unveiled outside of the store where they had been seen regularly for the past fifteen years . Paying tribute to the Xylophone Man , the plaque reads `` He played their Xylophone here for fifteen years , bringing a smile to the faces of the people of Nottingham '' .
References
External links
City Council unveil Xylophone Man memorial
Interview with Robinson
Poem about Robinson
Listed status bid for England 's lost memorials BBC article with image of plaque
2004 deaths
English buskers
People from Nottingham
1932 births
People from Cotgrave
Justin Jacob Long ( born June 2 , 1978 ) is an American actor , comedian , director and screenwriter . Long is known for their film roles , notably appearing in Jeepers Creepers ( 2001 ) , Dodgeball ( 2004 ) , Accepted ( 2006 ) , Idiocracy ( 2006 ) , Dreamland ( 2006 ) , Live Free or Die Hard ( 2007 ) , Zack and Miri Make a Porno ( 2008 ) , Drag Me to Hell ( 2009 ) , The Wave ( 2019 ) , and Barbarian ( 2022 ) as well as voicing Alvin Seville in the live-action Alvin and the Chipmunks film series . They are also known for their television appearances in Ed ( 2000-2004 ) and F is for Family ( 2015–2021 ) . They appeared alongside John Hodgman in TV commercials for Apple 's `` Get a Mac '' campaign , and as themselves in Intel 's `` Go PC '' campaign .
Early life
Long was born the middle of three boys in Fairfield , Connecticut , to father R. James Long , a philosophy and Latin professor at Fairfield University , and mother Wendy Lesniak , a former actor who has mostly appeared on stage . Their grandmother was of Italian descent . Long had a `` kind of conservative '' Catholic upbringing . Their older brother , Damian , is a local stage actor , teacher , and theater director at Weston High School . Long attended Fairfield College Preparatory School , a Jesuit institution , and Vassar College , where they were a member of the sketch comedy group Laughingstock and starred in several plays , including Butterflies Are Free .
Career
Long 's film credits include Idiocracy , Waiting ... , Jeepers Creepers , DodgeBall : A True Underdog Story , The Break-Up , Crossroads , Galaxy Quest , Dreamland and Live Free or Die Hard . They were also a regular on the NBC TV series Ed ( 2000–04 ) , playing socially awkward Warren P. Cheswick . They were offered the opportunity to replace Steve Burns on Blue 's Clues after they left the show , but ultimately declined . They were the voice of the character Alvin in Alvin and the Chipmunks , Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Squeakquel , Alvin and the Chipmunks : Chipwrecked , and Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Road Chip . They also played the main character in the comedy film Accepted ( 2006 ) .
Long made a guest appearance in the documentary , Wild West Comedy Show ( 2006 ) . In 2007 , they co-starred with Bruce Willis as a `` white-hat hacker '' in Live Free or Die Hard and had a role in the comedy The Sasquatch Gang .
Long is known for their depiction of a Mac in Apple 's `` Get a Mac '' campaign . The campaign featured commercials in which Long as a Mac and John Hodgman as a PC engaged in playful banter about `` the strengths of the Mac platform and weaknesses of the PC platform . ''
Long also had a small role in the comedy film Zack and Miri Make a Porno ( 2008 ) , where they play Brandon St. Randy , a gay porn star . In 2009 , they starred in He 's Just Not That Into You along with co-star Ginnifer Goodwin and After.Life opposite Liam Neeson and Christina Ricci . They also provided the voice of Humphrey in Alpha and Omega ( 2010 ) , starring with Hayden Panettiere . Also in 2010 , Long starred in the comedy film Going the Distance with Drew Barrymore . They were cast as a one-armed Civil War veteran in Robert Redford 's The Conspirator .
Long read the audiobook version of Judy Blume 's Then Again , Maybe I Wo n't and Stephen King 's Everything 's Eventual . From July 7–18 , 2010 , they appeared in a production of Samuel J. and K. at the Williamstown Theatre Festival . On August 16 , 2010 , they co-hosted WWE Raw with Going the Distance co-stars Charlie Day and Jason Sudeikis at the Staples Center in Los Angeles .
In 2014 they starred in the independent love drama Comet , which they and their co-star Emmy Rossum also produced . They also are in a few skits on the show ‘ Inside Amy Schumer ' . In April 2019 , Long started the podcast , Life Is Short with Justin Long , with its introductory episode airing through Wondery on April 29 , 2019 . Their first guest was actor Dax Shepard .
On June 24 , 2019 , Long , along with an ensemble cast , presented The Investigation : A Search for the Truth in Ten Acts , a dramatic reading of Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III 's Report on the Investigation into Russian Interference in the 2016 Presidential Election . Long portrayed former Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation James Comey . In 2020 , they appeared in the reality television series Celebrity Watch Party alongside their younger brother Christian Long . They appeared in commercials for Intel 's `` Go PC '' campaign .
Personal life
Long had a relationship with Drew Barrymore that was on and off between 2007 and 2010 . They also dated Amanda Seyfried from mid-2013 , breaking up in September 2015 .
During an episode of the podcast
Armchair Expert with Dax Shepard , Long revealed that they were the victim of a drugging and abduction during the filming of Youth In Revolt while in Michigan . According to Long , after an evening of drinking they left with several local individuals who offered them marijuana but , they believe that it was actually Phencyclidine , more commonly known as PCP . After getting them severely intoxicated , these individuals took them to various locations against their will and avoided taking them to their hotel as they repeatedly requested . According to Long , the individuals made reference to filming them while high on hard drugs and selling the footage to TMZ or another website dedicated to celebrity gossip . Long was so concerned that they eventually leapt from the moving vehicle in order to escape the ordeal . Long commented that they have faced lingering nerve damage in their leg due to the injuries they sustained in escaping from their car .
Long is a political liberal . They supported Barack Obama during the 2012 U.S. presidential election and was an outspoken critic of the Republican nominee Mitt Romney , describing them as a `` modern-day Gordon Gekko '' . Long was also mocking towards Clint Eastwood due to Eastwood 's anti Obama sentiment , tweeting on Election Day `` Guys , for most old rich white men the election results are not looking great # WordsWith12YearOldFriends # vote # ClintEastwood '' . Long endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders for President in the 2016 U.S. presidential election . They endorsed Sanders again in the 2020 Democratic primary , has been seen at Sanders rallies , and has appeared on the campaign trail as a surrogate .
As of January 2022 , Long is in a relationship with actor Kate Bosworth .
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Video interview with Justin Long at the premiere of The Break-Up
1978 births
American writers of Italian descent
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American male screenwriters
Sacred Heart University faculty
Vassar College alumni
Living people
Actors from Fairfield , Connecticut
Male actors from Connecticut
Fairfield College Preparatory School alumni
S. Kumar is an Indian cinematographer , who works in Malayalam , Tamil , Telugu , and Hindi film industry . Their first independent work was with the film , Thiranottam in 1978 . They are a founding member of the Indian Society of Cinematographers ( ISC ) .
Personal life
S. Kumar is married . Their son , Kunjunni S. Kumar is also a cinematographer .
Awards and nominations
1994 – Won : National Film Award – Special Mention ( Feature film ) – Parinayam
1993 – Won : Filmfare Award – Mushkurat
2004 – Won : Kerala State Film Award for Best Cinematography – Akale
1991 – Won : Kerala State Film Award for Best Cinematography – Kilukkam
2003 – Won : Asianet Film Awards – Pattalam
2005 – Won : Asianet Film Awards – Udayananu Tharam
2007 – Won : Vanitha Film Awards – Calcutta News
Selected filmography
Makal
Nalpathiyonnu
Njan Prakashan
Jomonte Suvisheshangal
Veeram
Rajamma @ Yahoo
Pullipulikalum Aattinkuttiyum
Ezhamathe Varavu
Indian Rupee
Dus Tola
Calcutta News
Vinodayathra
Vadakkumnadhan
Udayananu Tharam
Akale
Vellithira
Meesha Madhavan
One 2 Ka 4
Grahan
Randam Bhavam
Kakkakuyil
Mazha
Chandranudikkunna Dikhil
Chinthavishtayaya Shyamala
Yuvathurki
Mazhayethum Munpe
Gandheevam
Guru
Parinayam
Paithrukam
Midhunam
Adwaitham
Aavarampoo
Johny Walker
Muskurahat
Kilukkam
Dhanam
Nirnayam
Akkare Akkare Akkare
Kadathanadan Ambadi
Vandanam
Aryan
Chithram
Nombarathippoovu
Boeing Boeing
Parayanum Vayya Parayathirikkanum Vayya
Onnanam Kunnil Oradi Kunnil
Punnaram Cholli Cholli
Odaruthammava Aalariyam
Poochakkoru Mookkuthi
Thenum Vayambum
Thiranottam
References
External links
Living people
Tamil film cinematographers
Malayalam film cinematographers
Filmfare Awards winners
Kerala State Film Award winners
Artists from Thiruvananthapuram
20th-century Indian photographers
21st-century Indian photographers
Cinematographers from Kerala
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Anar Castle ( Persian : ارگ انار ) is a Sassanian castle in Anar , Kerman province , Iran . It is 11,179 square meters large and has 8 towers .
History
The castle was built during the Sassanian Empire and was later repaired during the Safavid Empire and used again .
The castle 's interior used to contain buildings that sometimes had 3 floors , but these were all demolished in 1981-82 for the reason of them being used by drug addicts as shelter .
It was listed among the national heritage sites of Iran with the number 30343 in February 6 , 2011 .
References
Sasanian castles
National works of Iran
Buildings and structures in Kerman Province
Anar County
Tourist attractions in Kerman Province
The surname Healey is used variously in the automotive industry :
People
Donald Healey ( 1898–1988 ) , British rally driver & automotive engineer
Geoffrey Healey ( 1922–1994 ) , British car designer , son of Donald
Manufacturers
Donald Healey Motor Company ( 1946–1953 ) , British car manufacturer founded by Donald Healey in Warwick UK
Healey ( 1946–1954 ) various models using a 2443 cc Riley engine built at Warwick
Nash-Healey ( 1951–1954 ) , a joint venture with Nash Motors built with a Nash engine at Warwick and marketed only in the USA by Nash
Austin-Healey ( 1953–1973 ) , a joint venture with Austin/BMC/Leyland using various Austin engines
Austin-Healey 100 ( /4 ) & 100/6 ( 1953–56 , 1956–1959 ) , produced by BMC and Jensen Motors at West Bromwich UK
Austin-Healey Sprite ( 1958–1971 ) , produced by BMC at Abingdon
Austin-Healey 3000 ( 1959–1967 ) , produced by BMC and Jensen Motors
Jensen-Healey ( 1972–1976 ) , a joint venture with Jensen produced by Jensen Motors
Kit-car
Hult Healey , Swedish kit-car
See also
Healey 1000/4 ( 1971–1977 ) , motorcycle built in Redditch
Malvani is a dialect of Konkani with significant Marathi influences and loanwords . Although Malvani does not have a unique script , the Devanagari script is used by most speakers . Malvani is sometimes used for sarcastic newspaper articles and local folk stage dramas known as Dashavatar .
Difference from standard Marathi
All pronouns have a change from la to ka . Words in Marathi for `` yes '' , `` this '' , `` that '' , `` where '' , `` here '' , `` there '' , have different Malvani counterparts . Other grammatical nuances differ from standard Marathi .
Geographical distribution
Malvani is spoken only in the Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra . The language is also spoken in north Goa , especially Pernem taluka . The Census Board of India counts Malvani as a Konkani dialect ( which is official language of State of Goa ) , and according to them , there are around 46851 Malvani speakers throughout the country , with 24 lakh ( 2.4 million ) Konkani living speakers . According to unofficial reports , around 8,68,825 ( 868,825 ) Malvani speakers live throughout the Sindhudurg district . It is a very famous dialect of Konkani in the southern part of Konkan in Maharashtra .
Malvani in popular culture
The first ever Drama ( Natak ) was Vastraharan , which got huge popularity starring Macchindra Kambli .
The Zee Marathi channel 's February 2016 serial Ratris Khel Chale was a horror TV serial on the life of the Naik family from Malvan , and used Malvani as the main dialect .
In January 2019 , Ratris Khel Chale 2 was streamed in Malvani , as well as Gav Gata Gajali which became popular for its focus on Malvani Culture & Lifestyle . In March 2021 , Ratris Khel Chale 3 started streaming .
In 2019 , movie named Picasso was released on Amazon prime which was based on the story of struggling artist of dashavtar ( malvani art form ) .
Other noted Marathi movies based on Malvani culture are Narbachi Wadi ( 2013 ) , Murder Mestry ( 2015 ) , and Redu ( 2017 ) .
See also
Konkani Language
Ratnagiri District
Sindhudurg District
Malvan region
Malvani people
Malvani cuisine
References
External links
http : //konkanionline.blogspot.com/
language
Konkan
Konkani
Karin Kei Nagano ( born 1998 ) is an American pianist .
Early life and education
Nagano was born in Berkeley , California . They began studying piano at age 3 , first with Elena Filonova , then with Germaine Mounier , in Paris . They also studied with Igor Lazko , Vadim Suhanov and Alexander Paley . After that , they continued studying with Vera Gornostayeva in Moscow and Collette Zerah , a renowned French pianist .
Career
Nagano began competing internationally in 2007 . That year they won the First Prize at the Paris International Scriabin Competition . Afterwards , they have won First Prize and Best Interpretation Prize at the Berlin International Piano Competition and First Prize at the Rubinstein International Piano Competition ( 2009–10 ) .
Them professional debut in 2007 was in a performance of the Mozart Piano Concerto K246 with the orchestra of Dr. Wachtang Korisheli . They have also appeared with the Bayerische Staatsorchester at the Grassau Festival , Orchestre symphonique de Montréal , Tafelmusik Baroque Orchestra , the Schwaebisches Jugendsymphoniorchester , and the Attaca Orchestra .
In February 2014 , Karin Kei Nagano released one disc on the Analekta label with the Cecilia Quartet featuring two of Mozart 's early piano concertos , Nos . 12 & 13 . In March 2017 , Karin released their second recording on the Analekta label featuring Bach 's Inventions & Sinfonies , BWV 772-801 .
Personal life
Nagano is the daughter of the Japanese-American conductor Kent Nagano and the Japanese concert pianist Mari Kodama .
References
1998 births
Living people
American women musicians of Japanese descent
American classical musicians of Japanese descent
21st-century American women pianists
21st-century American pianists
21st-century classical pianists
Musicians from Berkeley , California
Classical musicians from California
Shattered Faith is an American punk rock band from Southern California . Formed in 1978 by Kerry Martinez , currently guitarist for U.S . Bombs , and Spencer Bartsch , now lead vocalist for Firecracker 500 , the group featured songs with a political and biblical bent . Shattered Faith emerged from the Southern California punk scene , among the more notable bands China White and The Vandals , along with other SoCal punk rock bands .
Band members
Current
Spencer Bartsch – lead vocals
Denny McGahey – guitar
Bobby Tittle – bass
Steven Shears – drums
Branden Bartsch – guitar
Past
Chris Moon – drums
Richard `` Skitchblade '' Katchadoorian – drums
Kerry Martinez – lead guitar
Discography
Albums
Live ! ( 1982 – Prophet Recording Company )
Volume III ( 2016- Hostage Records )
Singles and EPs
`` I Love America '' / `` Reagan Country '' ( 7 '' , - Posh Boy – 1981 ) Vol . 2 ( 12 '' , EP – Slag Records – 1985 ) Power to the Kids ( Hostage Records – 2014 ) Modern Convenience ( Hostage Records – 2014 )
Compilation albums Rodney on the Roq : Volume 2 '' – `` Right Is Right '' ( Posh Boy Records 1981 )
References
External links
[ Allmusic ]
Musical groups from Orange County , California
Punk rock groups from California
Musical groups established in 1978
Jemimah Kariuki is a Kenyan doctor specializing in preventive medicine , maternal and child health . During the COVID-19 pandemic they organised an ambulance service which enabled pregnant people to access maternity care . They were listed as one of the BBC 's 100 Women in 2020 .
Career
Kariuki is a resident doctor of obstetrics and gynaecology at Kenyatta National Hospital at the University of Nairobi . They are the founder of the Peace Club , started in response to post-election violence in 2007 , and the Public Health Club , which is dedicated to the prevention and awareness of cervical cancer .
During the COVID-19 pandemic in Kenya , as a maternity doctor , they noticed a sharp decline in maternal patients , but an increase in complications , especially during the hours of curfew . Kenya is one of the countries with the highest rates of mortality for both mothers and children , which the curfew caused to increase , according to experts . Kariuki realized that access to health care was delayed due to limited transportation options . Initially they used the social media platform Twitter to ask for support from government organisations and private companies to transport expectant parents to the hospital . This idea led to Wheels for Life , a free ambulance service .
Awards
On 23 November 2020 , Kariuki was on the BBC 's list of the 100 most influential women of the year .
May 25 , 2021 - WHO Director-General 's Award for Global Health 2021 in recognition of their contribution to advancing global health .
References
External links
Dr Jemimah Kariuki leading efforts to reach expectant women amid COVID-19 pandemic
Living people
Gynaecologists by nationality
Kenyan activists
Women gynaecologists
Kenyan women 's rights activists
BBC 100 Women
Year of birth missing ( living people )
was a Japanese professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer . Ito began their Grand Prix career in 1960 , although they were a Factory Yamaha rider as far back as 1957 where the Yamaha YD-A & YD-B 250cc machines were so devastating in the Asama highlands race , where Yamaha took the first 3 places with Matsuko on a YD-A taking the honors . Ito themselves could have easily won the race and had set the fastest lap , but their YD-A motorcycle seized and cost them the race . The machines were later modified for the 1958 Catalina GP in States with smaller fuel tanks taken from the YA 125 machines , high pipes and high footpegs . Ito was the Star rider of the team and the only Japanese rider alongside four local American riders . Ito finished 6th , even after an unscheduled pit stop for a fouled plug . They enjoyed their best season in 1963 when they won the 250cc Belgian Grand Prix and finished the season in third place in the 250cc world championship , behind Jim Redman and Tarquinio Provini .
Motorcycle Grand Prix results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ; races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
References
1939 births
1991 deaths
Japanese motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
500cc World Championship riders
Isle of Man TT riders
`` Last Dance '' is a song recorded by Greek-Dutch singer Stefania , digitally released on 10 March 2021 . It was written by Dimitris Kontopoulos , songwriting team Arcade and Sharon Vaughn . The song represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 . Stefania was once again selected as the country 's representative by the Greek public broadcaster Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation ( ERT ) , after the cancellation of the .
Background and composition
On 18 March 2020 , the day of the 2020 contest 's cancellation , ERT was one of the first four broadcasters ( the others being the Netherlands ' AVROTROS , Spain 's RTVE and Ukraine 's UA : PBC ) to confirm their participation in the next edition and to announce their continued cooperation with their 2020 artist , Stefania . `` Last Dance '' was written by Dimitris Kontopoulos , songwriting team Arcade , consisting of Anastasios Rammos , Diveno , Gavriil Gavrilidis , Pavlos Manolis , Egion Parreniasi and Loukas Damianakos . and Sharon Vaughn . On 7 January 2021 , `` Last Dance '' was announced as the title of selected song , with its release planned for 10 March . On March 10 , 2021 , the official video clip premiered through ERT 's hybrid platform ERTFLIX , and later was released on YouTube and the streaming media platforms .
Music video
The music video was filmed in Athens in February 2021 and was released at the same time as the premiere of the song , on 10 March 2020 . Konstantinos Karydas , who was directed the official music video of `` Supergirl '' , was chosen again to direct this year 's video . They revealed information about the style of the video clip , which will be shot in studios and outdoors , aesthetics from paintings , dream images and many effects . Also , they said that the video clip tells a fantastic and dreamy story , which presses on the song 's message that everything in life is transient and that each end brings a new beginning .
The official music video premiered on March 10 , 2021 at 17:00 EET through ERTFLIX , ERT 's hybrid platform and through Stefania 's official channel on YouTube at 22:00 EET . `` Using elements from Greek mythology , such as Pegasus and Atlas , given in a dreamy , but at the same time modern way '' , the central message of the song is highlighted , which is the phrase `` Every end is always a new beginning '' .
Eurovision Song Contest
Internal selection
On March 18 , 2020 , the Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation ( ERT ) announced Greek-Dutch singer Stefania as the Greek representative for the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 . Stefania was to represent Greece in the . On March 10 , 2021 , the song `` Last Dance '' was officially released .
In Rotterdam
The Eurovision Song Contest 2021 took place at Rotterdam Ahoy in Rotterdam , the Netherlands , and consisted of two semi-finals held on 18 and 20 May , and the grand final on 22 May 2021 . According to the Eurovision rules , each participating country , except the host country and the `` Big Five '' , consisting of , , , and the , are required to qualify from one of two semi-finals in order to compete in the final ; the top ten countries from each semi-final progress to the grand final . The European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) split up the competing countries into six different pots based on voting patterns from previous contests , with countries with favourable voting histories put into the same pot . For the 2021 contest , the semi-final allocation draw held for 2020 , which was held on 28 January 2020 , was used . Greece was placed into the second semi-final , which was held on 20 May 2021 , and performed in the first half of the show . After placing fifth in the semi-final , the song advanced to the Grand Final where it finished joint tenth with 170 points .
Fokas Evangelinos was announced as the artistic director for the entry , responsible for the country 's stage performance . Stefania was joined on stage by four dancers : George Papadopoulos ( stage director for the Greek entry at the 2014 Contest ) , Nikos Koukakis , Markos Giakoumoglou and Costas Pavlopoulos .
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from YouTube .
Locations
Recorded at Vox Studios ( Athens , Greece )
Mixed at Cinelab Studios ( Moscow , Russia )
Mastered at Studio DMI ( Las Vegas , Nevada , USA )
Personnel
Lead vocals – Stefania
Songwriting – Dimitris Kontopoulos , Arcade , Sharon Vaughn
Production – Dimitris Kontopoulos , Arcade Music
Mixing – Andrei Konoplev
Mastering – Luca Pretolesi
Recording – Aris Binis
Charts
Release history
Notes
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
English-language Greek songs
Eurovision songs of 2021
Eurovision songs of Greece
Songs written by Dimitris Kontopoulos
Songs written by Sharon Vaughn
Stefania Liberakakis songs
Synthwave songs
Alamein or El Alamein may refer to :
El Alamein , a town in Egypt
First Battle of El Alamein , during World War II
Second Battle of El Alamein , during World War II
Alamein railway line , Melbourne , Australia
Alamein railway station on the line
HMS Alamein ( D17 ) , a Royal Navy destroyer
See also
Enham Alamein , a village in Hampshire in England
Cragg Vale is a village in Calderdale , West Yorkshire , England , located south of Mytholmroyd on the B6138 road which joins the A58 and the A646 . The village is part of Luddendenfoot Ward of Calderdale Council .
History
Early days
There is evidence of human activity on the Yorkshire moors around Cragg from c. 10,000 BC . Flints , not native to West Yorkshire , have been found on Blackstone and Midgley Moors – implying movement of peoples and long-distance trade by this period at the latest .
Later flint spear heads and arrow tips , hunting weapons , have been found in quantity over Manshead and Rishworth moors . So we know Mesolithic tribes hunted around both the Turvin and Cragg areas .
Hunters were constrained to move across the high reaches , which were less heavily wooded , rather than the steep sided valleys – but to cross from top to top they must descend to ford the streams and rivers of the valley bottoms .
Although prehistoric and later peoples were responsible for extensive tree felling and land clearance this did not create the peat moors above Cragg Vale .
Around 5000 BC the climate changed and became much wetter and remained so for over 2,000 years . Soil deteriorated as minerals were washed away , and the land around Cragg became waterlogged . The trees and plant life died away and the peat moors on the tops were created .
We know from place naming and language conventions that ancient Britons ( the Brigantes tribe ) , Anglo Saxons , Vikings , and Romans had a large input into the area of Cragg .
Romans
The Romans left little except their ( disputed ) road over Blackstone Edge as evidence – but there would have been extensive forced population relocation as the engineers and troops pushed forwards .
We know the Romans made a pact with the Brigantes tribe , and that this whole area of West Yorkshire – the centre of the ancient kingdom of Elmet – was ruled by them . Little remains of Elmet but the ancient names . Close by Cragg lies the hamlet of Warley , and not much further away to the west lies Walsden – both names relate to the 'Walh ' – a term used for the Britons . This implies a residual British culture after the invasion and takeover by the victorious Anglo Saxons
The Britons were annexed by the Romans by 100 AD , and c. 700 AD the Saxons arrived . Around 1000 AD , the Vikings gained control . They in turn were overcome by the Normans by 1100 AD . Leading into the Medieval period
The primary industry was agriculture , but iron was smelted too , good timber and charcoal was produced , and grain was milled . Local craftsmen produce some cloth , make clothing , farm implements , and utensils while others provide transport services and labour .
Cragg was part of a township called Cruttonstall ( later called Erringden ) and adjacent to the township of Sowerby ( Sorebi from the Norse ) .
All the land between Cragg and Sowerby was gradually cleared of dense forest to make way for agriculture as the population grew .
The land to the West , and a large part of Cragg Vale , was soon to be partly cleared and 'impaled ' as a huge deer park and royal hunting ground .
Medieval
In late Medieval times the deer park fell into disrepair and was finally dispaled . Knights no longer took the rough ride down The Withens toward Wakefield tourney . The wild boars , stags and wolves were in serious decline and sheep were now the major local industry .
18th and 19th century
During the late 18th century , the area was the home of a band of counterfeiters known as the Cragg Coiners .
Having a good supply of water from the moors , Cragg was always a likely home for industry based on water power . From mid-1700 onwards , water then steam power , and combined water wheel and steam engines dominated the valley with the cloth mills .
There were a number of families involved in mill ownership during this time . Sutcliffes , Greenwoods , and Hinchliffes amongst others . Yet in 1758 there were but 3 mills in Cragg . A paper mill ( just up from and on the opposite side of the main road the Robin Hood Inn ) , a corn mill ( at Hoo Hole ) , and a mill for fulling woven cloth from the farms .
The water driven mills that flourished at Turvin , Marshaw Village ( by the Hinchliffe Arms pub ) and on Elphin Brook ( down Cragg Vale ) posed no real threat to local farm based weavers at that time .
However , from 1808 onwards things began to change alarmingly for the worse . Steam power was heavily adopted from around 1805 on . Child labour became the norm . Now began the mill owners infamous abuses .
At one time or another from 1740 to the early 20th century there have existed around 11 mills in Cragg .
Turvin , Victoria , and Pepper Bank mills on Turvin Brook ; Marshaw ( opposite the Hinchliffe Arms ) with New and Vale mills in Withens Clough . Next down Elphin Brook were Castle , Paper ( opposite the Robin Hood Inn ) , Cragg , Hoo Hole , and Scar Bottom mill ( Mytholmroyd ) . By the 1820s these were said to be no place for `` any decent human , let alone the children of the poor '' .
It is on record that children died at their work in the mills of Cragg . Died from long hours and harsh treatments handed out . While the mill owners William Greenwood ( 'Old Billy Hard Times ' ) and the Hinchliffe family amassed their fortunes . It took the 1833 factory act just to begin to address the appalling abuse of child labour and workers
A turnpike known as the Mytholmroyd Bridge & Blackstone Edge Turnpike , and also as the Cragg Vale Turnpike was established in 1815 ,
The road runs from County Bridge , Mytholmroyd and up Cragg Road to link with the Halifax to Blackstone Edge turnpike over Blackstone Edge to Rochdale .
Tolls were discontinued on 1 November 1873
Governance
The village is part of the Luddendenfoot ward of the Metropolitan borough of Calderdale , part of the Metropolitan county of West Yorkshire .
Current day
Although Cragg Vale is a small linear village , it has two pubs The Robin Hood Inn and the Hinchliffe Arms , as well as the former Cragg Vale J and I school and a Caravan and Motorhome Club Site . In the last few years the village has expanded with a children 's nursery called The Ark , a recording studio Aspire Technology and an online fancy dress retailer Atlantis Fancy Dress being added to the village . One of the businesses to launch most recently is Preserve Shop , a retailer of jam jars , jam making equipment and kitchenware for home preserving . The main business areas in Cragg Vale are the Top Land Country Business Park , as well as the Craggs Country Business Park further up the valley . Local enterprises include The Little Valley Brewery which produces such locally named brews as Cragg Vale Bitter , Stoodley Stout , Hebdens Wheat & Tod 's Blonde among others , Zikodrive Motor Controllers , Visiosound and Vocation Brewery .
Today , Cragg Vale has a population of about 650 .
It is located at the start of arguably the longest continuous gradient in England ( after perhaps Pishill in The Chilterns ) - 968 feet over 5.5 miles There is an annual bike race up it ; this is a hill climb and normally run by the Yorkshire road club . The record is currently at 14:19 for males and 18:47 for females . In July 2014 , the hill formed part of the route of the 2014 Tour de France .
See also
Listed buildings in Hebden Royd
References
External links
Cragg Vale Weather Webcam online since 1996 showing live weather and current photograph of Cragg Vale . Also shows statistical weather data for Cragg Vale now offline
Cragg Vale Coiners @ The Mytholmroyd Net
Cragg Vale TV transmitter at the-moores.co.uk
A selection of photos taken in and around Cragg Vale
Villages in West Yorkshire
Geography of Calderdale
Dorian Wilson ( born in 1964 ) is an American conductor and musical director .
Wilson has achieved widespread acclaim , especially in Germany and Russia . In September 2010 , Wilson opened the 2010/2011 season for the Chattanooga Symphony and Opera with a concert of Schubert 's and Shostakovich 's 5th symphonies . In October 2011 they conducted a Beethoven concert with Harriet Krijgh , Kim Barbier and Matsuda Lina in Hanoi .
In recognition of their work over the years , Wilson has been made Permanent Guest Conductor of the St Petersburg Symphony .
References
1964 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American male conductors ( music )
21st-century American conductors ( music )
21st-century American male musicians
Agonomalus jordani is a fish in the family Agonidae ( poachers ) . It was described by David Starr Jordan and Edwin Chapin Starks in 1904 .
It is a marine , temperate water-dwelling fish which is known from the northwestern Pacific Ocean , including Japan , the Sea of Japan , and Sakhalin . It dwells at a depth range of . Males can reach a maximum total length of , but more commonly reach a TL of .
References
Agonidae
Fish of Japan
Taxa named by David Starr Jordan
Taxa named by Edwin Chapin Starks
Fish described in 1904
The Wham of Sam is a 1961 studio album by Sammy Davis , Jr. , arranged by Marty Paich and Morty Stevens .
Reception
The Allmusic review by Lindsay Planer awarded the album four stars and said that Davis ' `` untouchable sense of rhythmic flair unleashes some lighthearted interaction between the vocalist and hard-driving instrumentalists . `` .
Track listing
`` I 'm a Fool to Want You '' ( Joel Herron , Frank Sinatra , Jack Wolf ) – 3:28
`` Back in Your Own Backyard '' ( Dave Dreyer , Al Jolson , Billy Rose ) – 2:49
`` Lush Life '' ( Billy Strayhorn ) – 3:45
`` I 'm Gon na Live Till I Die '' ( Mann Curtis , Al Hoffman , Walter Kent ) – 3:09
`` ( Love Is ) The Tender Trap '' ( Jimmy Van Heusen , Sammy Cahn ) – 2:35
`` Out of This World '' ( Harold Arlen , Johnny Mercer ) – 3:19
`` Bye Bye Blackbird '' ( Mort Dixon , Ray Henderson ) – 2:47
`` Thou Swell '' ( Richard Rodgers , Lorenz Hart ) – 2:59
`` Ca n't We Be Friends ? '' ( Paul James , Kay Swift ) – 2:53
`` Blame it on My Youth '' ( Edward Heyman , Oscar Levant ) – 4:14
`` Let There Be Love '' ( Ian Grant , Lionel Rand ) – 2:49
`` Soon '' ( George Gershwin , Ira Gershwin ) – 2:48
Personnel
Sammy Davis , Jr. – vocals
Marty Paich - arranger , conductor
Morty Stevens and their orchestra
Jimmy Mitchell - double bass
Joe Mondragon
Armand Kaproff - cello
Raphael Kramer
Edgar Lustgarten
Kurt Reher
Mel Lewis - drums
Shelly Manne
Vincent DeRosa - french horn
Tony Rizzi - guitar
Larry Bunker - percussion
Jimmy Rowles - piano
Ronnie Lang - alto saxophone
Bud Shank
Bill Hood - baritone saxophone
Buddy Collette - tenor saxophone
Dave Pell
Bill Perkins
Frank Howard - trombone
Dick Nash
Dick Noel
Kenny Shroyer
Lloyd Ulyate
Stu Williamson
Frank Beach - trumpet
Don Fagerquist
Ollie Mitchell
Al Porcino
Uan Rasey
Jack Sheldon
Red Callender - tuba
Sam Freed - violin
Anatol Kaminsky
Erno Neufeld
Lou Raderman
References
1961 albums
Sammy Davis Jr. albums
Albums arranged by Marty Paich
Albums produced by Jimmy Bowen
Reprise Records albums
Albums conducted by Marty Paich
Lentilitoribacter is a genus of Gram-negative , aerobic , non-spore-forming bacteria . Lentilitoribacter donghaensis is the only known species of this genus .
References
Rhizobiaceae
Monotypic bacteria genera
Bacteria genera
`` Sácala a Bailar '' ( English : `` Ask Them To Dance '' ) is a song by Peruvian singer-songwriter Gian Marco released by Enjoymusic as the third single of their thirteenth studio album Intuición .
Release and reception
The song was released on January 18 , 2019 on all digital platforms . The song was well received and was considered as one of the best songs of the summer in Perú . The video for the song was released on the same day , filmed in Callao , and was produced by Tondero . The video went viral and was trending in Perú . It is considered as one of the best songs from the album .
Gian Marco stated that they were not going to try urban music like most artists and decided to go for a tropical sound instead when they released this song . While some people applauded Gian Marco for releasing a catchy song , others accused them of caving into the reggaeton genre which they quickly denied stating that that 's a genre that they will never do in their life and that the song it 's actually a tropical song .
Music video
The video was released the same day as the song on Gian Marco 's official channel . The video shows Gian Marco playing their guitar and singing the song at different parties while a couple of guys see a pretty girl and follow them to try to ask them to dance but something always prevents them from asking them The video was filmed in Unidad Modelo , La Punta , and Callao Monumental . The video stars former Miss Peru winner , Natalie Vértiz .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Awards and nominations
The song was nominated in for Song of the Year and Best Pop/Urban Song at the Premios Fama in 2019 .
References
Gian Marco songs
2019 singles
Spanish-language songs
2019 songs
Songs written by Gian Marco
The Ahkiyyini is a skeleton spirit in Inuit folklore . They are the ghost of Alaska , and causes tidal waves and earthquakes by moving their arms .
Other articles state that when alive Ahkiyyini was always dancing and playing music . In death they would use their arm bone as a drum stick and their scapula as a drum . They created music and danced a jig where it would make the ground shake to where boats would overturn .
References
Inuit mythology
Inuit legendary creatures
Undead
Downtown West is a neighborhood comprising a southwestern portion of downtown Baltimore , Maryland .
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Jemeppe-sur-Sambre . This list is part of Belgium 's national heritage .
| }
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur ( province )
References
Belgian heritage register : Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire , Logement , Patrimoine et Energie ( DG4 )
www.dglive.be
Jemeppe-sur-Sambre
Mississippi Highway 346 ( MS 346 ) , also known as Hurricane Road , is a west–east state highway in Pontotoc County , Mississippi , connecting the community of Esperanza with MS 15 and the town of Ecru . It is generally a narrow two-lane route .
Route description
MS 346 begins at the beginning of state maintenance just before Sand Springs Church , with the road continuing west as Hurricane Road to MS 336 . It heads east past the church , and through farmland , to pass through the community of Esperanza , where it has an intersection with MS 355 . The highway continues east to cross Cane Creek before paralleling the southern banks of the Little Tallahatchie River as it travels through farmland for the next several miles . MS 346 enters the town of Ecru city limits , immediately passing by the Ashley Furniture plant before coming to an end at an intersection with MS 15 , just across the river from downtown .
The entire length of Mississippi Highway 346 is a rural , two-lane , state highway , located entirely in Pontotoc County .
Major intersections
References
External links
346
Transportation in Pontotoc County , Mississippi
Holzhauer is a German-language surname , meaning `` woodsman '' or `` lumberjack '' . Notable people with the surname include :
James Holzhauer ( born 1984 ) , American game show contestant and professional sports gambler .
( 1887–1986 ) , German artist
Fritz Holzhäuer ( 1902–1982 ) , German general in the Wehrmacht during World War II
German-language surnames
Up in the Air is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Howard Bretherton , starring Frankie Darro and released by Monogram Pictures .
Plot summary
Frankie Ryan works as a page boy at a radio station in Hollywood . Their friend Jeff works in the same place , but as a porter . Their dream is to perform as radio comedians on the air , with their own show . However , they have not yet convinced anyone of their great sense of humor . When they try to help the station receptionist Anne Mason by setting up a false audition for a singer , they are almost fired for their antics .
The station has financial problems related to their current moody singer Rita Wilson and tries to get rid of them Rita is shot and killed during a blackout when they are rehearsing for a broadcast .
Police detectives Phillips and Delaney arrive at the scene , and despite not finding the murder weapon , they suspect wannabe cowboy singer Tex Barton , who tried to slip out the back door after the shooting . They were in the audience when Rita was rehearsing before the blackout .
Station producer Bob Farrell is also afraid of being suspected , as they had an argument with Rita not long before the shooting . They ask Frankie , who overheard the discussion , to withhold the information from the police . In gratitude , Farrell promises to afford Anne a real audition as a singer to take Rita 's place .
Frankie soon finds the weapon used to shoot Rita hidden in a ventilator duct . The gun belongs to Tex and had been used in a prior shooting by a woman named Gladys Wharton . When Frankie and Jeff audition for a comedy spot on the air , with Frankie in blackface as a disguise , the police come looking for Tex . Later , Tex is found murdered in the office of the station owner .
Frankie and Jeff investigate of their own and search Tex 's room but find only a picture of Anne , suggesting that their real name is Gladys . Anne is therefore suspected of the murder and arrested by the police , but later makes bail and is released .
Frankie discovers from a radio station in Cheyenne that Gladys was a blonde woman who was married to Tex and fell in love with one of their superiors . Because Anne is a true brunette , Frankie concludes that Rita , not Anne , could be Gladys .
When the station executives are gathered in one room by the police , one of them named Van Martin draws a gun and confesses to both crimes . When Jeff enters the room unannounced , they accidentally knock the gun out of Martin 's hand and the police arrest Martin .
Cast
Soundtrack
Lorna Gray - `` Doin ' the Conga '' ( Written by Johnny Lange , Lew Porter and Edward J. Kay )
Marjorie - `` Doin ' the Conga '' ( Written by Johnny Lange , Lew Porter and Edward J. Kay )
Marjorie Reynolds - `` By the Looks of Things '' ( Written by Harry Tobias and Edward J. Kay )
Marjorie Reynolds - `` Somehow or Other '' ( Written by Harry Tobias and Edward J. Kay )
Gordon Jones - `` Oh , Bury Me Not on the Lone Prairie ''
References
External links
1940 films
1940s comedy mystery films
1940s English-language films
American black-and-white films
Films about radio people
Films set in Los Angeles
Monogram Pictures films
American comedy mystery films
1940 comedy films
Films directed by Howard Bretherton
1940s American films
Meredith Gwynne Evans , FRS ( 2 December 1904 – 25 December 1952 ) was a British physical chemist , who made important theoretical contributions in the study of chemical reaction rates and reaction mechanisms . Together with Henry Eyring and Michael Polanyi , Meredith Gwynne Evans is one of the founders of the transition state theory .
Early life and education
Meredith Gwynne Evans was born in Atherton , a suburb of Manchester , on 2 December 1904 and the son of Frederick George Evans , an elementary schoolmaster from Pembrokeshire , Wales , and their wife , Margaretta Eleanora Williams . They were the eldest son in a family of three sons and one daughter .
Evans attended the elementary school at which their father was Headmaster , won a County Scholarship to Leigh Grammar School , and was educated at the University of Manchester .
One of MG 's brothers , AG Evans , worked with them and later took the chair of chemistry at University College Cardiff , beating off the challenge of E. A. Moelwyn-Hughes .
Career
Evans was appointed Assistant Lecturer at the University of Manchester from 1929 until 1939 , when they became Professor of Physical Chemistry at the University of Leeds . One of Evan 's students was George Porter , who later noted ( in a conversation with Sir John Meurig Thomas ) that Evans was the most brilliant chemist they had ever met . ( George Porter went on to win the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1967 . ) Evans returned to the University of Manchester in 1949 . They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1947 .
Research
Their earliest research was on problems of adsorption of gases on chabazite and other zeolites . Later on , they started working on theoretical chemistry and its link with quantum mechanics . In this research field , they worked with Douglas Hartree and Lawrence Bragg to apply quantum mechanics to chemical problems .
In 1933 , M. G. Evans was awarded a Rockefeller Scholarship and went to Princeton University to work with Hugh Taylor and Henry Eyring , amongst others . Back in Manchester , Evans became one of Michael Polanyi 's principal coworkers on the development of the transition state theory . In 1935 , with only one month difference , both Henry Eyring in Princeton , and Michael Polanyi and Meredith Gwynne Evans in Manchester published the founding papers on transition state theory , formulating what is now known as the `` Eyring equation '' which opened up a new era in the study of chemical kinetics .
Death
Evans died on 25 December 1952 in Manchester .
See also
Chemical kinetics
Transition state theory
Eyring equation
Henry Eyring
Michael Polanyi
Notes
1904 births
1952 deaths
British chemists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Academics of the Victoria University of Manchester
Alumni of the Victoria University of Manchester
People from Atherton , Greater Manchester
Theoretical chemists
The 2012–13 Slovenian First League was the 22nd season of the 1 . A liga , Slovenia 's premier handball league .
Teams information
Regular season
Standings
Pld - Played ; W - Won ; L - Lost ; PF - Points for ; PA - Points against ; Diff - Difference ; Pts - Points .
Championship play-offs
Standings
Pld - Played ; W - Won ; L - Lost ; PF - Points for ; PA - Points against ; Diff - Difference ; Pts - Points .
Results
In the table below the home teams are listed on the left and the away teams along the top .
Relegation round
Pld - Played ; W - Won ; L - Lost ; PF - Points for ; PA - Points against ; Diff - Difference ; Pts - Points .
References
External links
Scoresway
Handball competitions in Slovenia
2012–13 domestic handball leagues
2012 in Slovenian sport
2013 in Slovenian sport
This is a list of awards and nominations received by American film director Kevin Smith .
Awards
1994 Sundance Film Festival . Co-winner of the Filmmakers Trophy for Clerks .
1994 Cannes Film Festival . Won the Prix de la Jeunesse Award ( `` Prize of the Youth '' ) for Clerks and won the Mercedes Benz-sponsored International Critics Week Prize .
1994 Deauville Film Festival . Won the Audience Award for Clerks .
1997 Independent Spirit Awards . Won Best Screenplay for Chasing Amy .
1997 Humanitas Prize . Won ( with Scott Mosier ) for `` Good Will Hunting '' as executive producers .
1999 Harvey Awards . Won Best New Talent for Daredevil/Bullseye : Target , Clerks : The Comic Book and the Jay & Silent Bob series .
1999 People for the American Way 's Defender of Democracy Award .
1999 Festival Internacional de Cine Cinema Jove . Lifetime Achievement Award .
2000 Wizard Fan Awards . Won Best Writer .
2005 Empire Awards . UK . Won the Independent Spirit Award .
2006 Edinburgh International Film Festival . UK - Standard Life Audience Award chosen by audience votes from the Gala and British Gala sections of the Film Festival for Clerks II .
2006 Hawaii International Film Festival . Maverick Award .
2006 UCLA . Jack Benny Award for Comedy .
2007 MTV Movie Awards . Won 'The Orbit The Dirtiest Mouth Moment ' award along with Jason Mewes for their work for `` Clerks II . '' They received the Golden Bucket of Popcorn award as well as a lifetime supply of Orbit ( gum ) .
2008 Woodstock Film Festival Maverick Award
2008 Visionfest Vision Award
2009 Vail Film Festival Renegade Award
2010 Provincetown International Film Festival Filmmaker on the Edge Award
2011 Sitges Film Festival Best Film for Red State
Honorary degrees
2000 , Doctor of Humane Letters from Illinois Wesleyan University
2004 , Doctor of Humane Letters from Montclair State University
2005 , Honorary Degree from Vancouver Film School
2007 , Honorary Associate of Letter from Brookdale Community College ( Lincroft , New Jersey )
Nominations
1994 Sundance Film Festival . Nominated for the Grand Jury Prize for `` Clerks '' .
1994 Deauville Film Festival Nominated for the Critic 's Award for `` Clerks '' .
1994 Cannes Film Festival Nominated for Camera d'Or for `` Clerks '' .
1995 Independent Spirit Awards . Nominated ( with Scott Mosier ) for Best First Feature and for Best First Screenplay for Clerks .
1997 Independent Spirit Awards . Nominated for Best Film ( with Scott Mosier ) for Chasing Amy .
1997 Butaca Awards . Nominated for Best Art House Film for Chasing Amy .
Nominated for the 1999 Comics Buyer 's Guide Award for Favorite Writer
2000 Las Vegas Film Critics Society Awards . Nominated for Best Screenplay , Original for Dogma .
2000 Independent Spirit Awards . Nominated for Best Screenplay for Dogma .
Nominated for the 2000 Comics Buyer 's Guide Award for Favorite Writer .
2001 Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Awards . Nominated for Best Script for Dogma .
Other honors
A street was named after them in Paulsboro , New Jersey , where they filmed Jersey Girl , `` Kevin Smith Way '' . The road leads to Paulsboro High School .
In 2019 , Smith 's film Clerks was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the National Film Registry for being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
References
Awards
Smith , Kevin
Justus of Beauvais ( c. 278—c . 287 ) is a semi-legendary saint of the Roman Catholic Church . They may have been a Gallo-Roman martyr , but their legend was confused with that of other saints , such as Justin of Paris .
History
Tradition states that they were a child of nine who was denounced as a Christian while on a trip with their father to Amiens to ransom or rescue an imprisoned relative during the persecutions of Diocletian . They were executed for confessing that they were a Christian and for refusing to give away the hiding place of their father and uncle .
After they were beheaded , Justus ' body then picked up the severed head and continued to speak . Justus is thus one of the legendary cephalophores , the saintly `` head-carriers '' who miraculously continued to speak or move despite being decapitated . This legend was elaborated in subsequent centuries , and stated that the headless boy managed to convert pagan onlookers .
This miraculous act is said to have happened in a spot between Beauvais and Senlis now named after him : Saint-Just-en-Chaussée .
Veneration
Veneration for Justus was widespread in France , Belgium , and Switzerland –where places named Saint-Just refer to him- and their cult spread to England as well .
Winchester claimed some of their relics from the 10th century . In England the Annales monasterii de Wintonia reports that in 924 Athelstan donated to the treasury of Winchester the head of this martyr . It is possible that this may not have been the entire head but just a fragment of it , according to one scholar .
In the first half of the 11th century , the diocese of Chur in Switzerland received their relics as well .
Additionally , the abbey of Malmedy in Belgium asserted that at the beginning of 10th century its monk had acquired -at a good price- the body of Justus . Saint-Riquier also claimed their body .
Zutphen in the Netherlands also claimed some of their relics since at least the 14th century . Franciscans brought an additional relic of Justus to Zutphen around 1450 when they established themselves there . A confraternity dedicated to Ewald and Justus was established in 1454 . Their feast is celebrated on October 11 there .
References
External links
Saints of October 18 : Justus of Beauvais
Shrine of Justus
San Giusto
280s deaths
Christian child saints
3rd-century Christian martyrs
Year of birth uncertain
Cephalophores
Gallo-Roman saints
YSS is Young–Simpson syndrome , a rare congenital disorder .
YSS may also refer to :
Yogoda Satsanga Society of India , a non-profit nonsectarian spiritual organization
Yorkshire Subterranean Society , a caving club
Young Scottish Socialists , the youth wing of the Scottish Socialist Party
Yengema Secondary School , Sierra Leone
Yishun Secondary School , Singapore
Ernestine Hester Maude Bowes-Lyon , Baroness de Longueuil ( 19 December 1891 – 6 January 1981 ) was born at Glamis Castle in Scotland , one of five children ; their father Ernest Bowes-Lyon ( son of the 13th Earl of Strathmore ) died ten days after their birth , two days after Christmas , in a riding accident . They were a diplomat serving as a consul in Belgrade . Them mother was a Drummond , of the family of Drummonds Bank .
Early life
Ernestine was born on 19 December 1891 as the youngest daughter of Ernest Bowes-Lyon ( 1858–1891 ) and their wife , Isobel Hester Drummond ( 1860–1945 ) . They grew up at Glamis Castle along with their younger cousin Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon , the future Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother , and learnt to drive a coach and four down Glamis drive . During their early years they met and learned from poets , writers , philosophers , and other intelligentsia . Writer P. G. Wodehouse , in particular , remained a friend and correspondent until their death ; one of their last letters written was to them Wodehouse dedicated their book The Pothunters to Ernestine Bowes-Lyon .
Marriages
In 1910 , they married Francis Winstone Scott ( 1882–1948 ) , and had two sons . They were divorced in 1918 . Them second marriage was to Ronald Grant de Longueuil , 10th Baron de Longueuil ( 13 March 1888 – 12 July 1959 ) , whom they first met at the Christmas Ball of the Tate family , ( Tate Gallery ) in December 1913 . Their elopement was the cause of some scandal . They accompanied them to the Western Front , where they worked as a nursing assistant . They were reunited after the declaration of the Armistice . He , war-weary and uncertain of their future , asked them to return to their family . In protest at this , they shot themselves in the chest with a revolver , but survived with the bullet lodged by their heart . In hospital they informed them that they were pregnant . Ronald and Ernestine moved to the chateau of Sus , near Navarrenx in the south west of France . Raoul Charles was born in 1919 , and Raymond de Longueuil in 1921 . Raoul became a naval aviator , and was killed over the North Sea in 1942 in pursuit of the Nazi Tirpitz Battleship . Raymond , the second born , inherited the title Baron de Longueuil .
Later life and death
They enjoyed outdoor life as well as high society , knew their flowers and the stars , and sketched and painted in watercolour ; in 1970 they had their own exhibition in France and was reviewed in a number of local papers . They told stories to their grandson Michael Grant about Glamis castle being haunted and their experiences there .
They led quite a social life between Navarrenx and Pau , and with their husband travelled widely in Europe , especially Switzerland . They drove up until they were 85 ; usually a big Citroen DS classic . They had their hip replaced in 1976 and was swimming in the river six months later . In fact , they had been swimming in the local river up to six months before they died . The bullet lodged in their heart remained there for over 60 years until their death at age 89 at Navarrenx . They were survived by their sister , Marjorie Effie Winter ( 1889–1981 ) .
Them great-granddaughter is the actor and adventurer Rachel Grant de Longueuil , best known for their role as Bond girl Peaceful in the James Bond film Die Another Day .
Ancestry
References
Ernestine
1891 births
1981 deaths
British expatriates in Yugoslavia
The 1978 NCAA Division I-A football season was the first season of Division I-A college football ; Division I-A was created in 1978 when Division I was subdivided into Division I-A and Division I-AA for football only . With the exception of seven teams from the Southwestern Athletic Conference ( SWAC ) , Division I teams from the 1977 season played in Division I-A during the 1978 season . The SWAC teams , along with five conferences and five other teams formerly in Division II , played in Division I-AA .
The Division I-A season came down to a rare No . 1 vs. No . 2 post-season meeting as No . 1 Penn State and No . 2 Alabama met in the New Year 's Day Sugar Bowl . The game is most remembered for Alabama 's goal line stand with four minutes left in the game . On fourth down and a foot , Alabama managed to keep Penn State out of the end zone and went on to win , 14–7 . Keith Jackson , who did the play by play for ABC , called it the greatest game he 'd ever seen . 76,824 people packed the Louisiana Superdome , which was tremendously loud .
Alabama 's only loss that year was 24–14 in Birmingham to USC . Both schools claim this year as a national title year . Alabama claimed the national title because it defeated top-ranked Penn State on the field . USC claimed the title because it defeated Alabama in the regular season and also finished with only one loss . The AP Poll and most other voting outlets ( including the Football Writers Association of America and the National Football Foundation ) crowned Alabama as national champion , while the UPI Coaches ' Poll selected USC .
Rules changes
Unsuccessful field goals are returned to the previous line of scrimmage . Previously they were placed at the 20-yard line . Unsuccessful attempts where the previous line of scrimmage was inside the 20 are placed at the 20 .
Balls may not be altered and new or nearly new balls are to be used .
Receivers knocked out of bounds by a defender can return and catch a legal forward pass .
Intentional grounding is defined as a pass thrown with the intent of avoiding loss of yardage that lands where no eligible receivers are located .
Players whose jerseys are torn are required to leave the field for one play to change or a time-out will be charged to their team .
The penalty for an ineligible receiver touched by a forward pass is reduced from 10 yards and loss of down to 5 yards and loss of down .
Delay of game ( 5 yards ) penalties can be assessed against the defense when crowd noise prevents the offense from running its plays .
Conference and program changes
New conferences
After adding Arizona and Arizona State from the WAC , the Pacific-8 Conference was renamed the Pacific-10 Conference .
Membership changes
Program changes
University of Oregon Webfoots officially changed their nickname to the now-eponymous Ducks .
September
The pre-season ranking of the top five teams was No . 1 Alabama , No . 2 Arkansas , No . 3 Penn State , No . 4 Oklahoma , and No . 5 Notre Dame .
On September 2 , No . 1 Alabama avenged its only loss from the prior season when they topped No . 10 Nebraska , 20–3 . No . 2 Arkansas would not start its season for another two weeks . No . 3 Penn State struggled in beating Temple 10–7 . No . 4 Oklahoma was idle , as was No . 5 Notre Dame . With relatively few games played this week , the AP did not issue a new poll .
On September 9 , No . 1 Alabama and No . 2 Arkansas were not scheduled , while No . 3 Penn State beat Rutgers , 26–10 . No . 4 Oklahoma opened its season with a 35–29 win at Stanford , but No . 5 Notre Dame was stunned at Missouri , 3–0 . No . 6 Michigan , which had yet to begin its season , replaced Notre Dame in the top five : No . 1 Alabama , No . 2 Arkansas , No . 3 Oklahoma , No . 4 Michigan , and No . 5 Penn State .
September 16 saw No . 1 Alabama win at No . 11 Missouri , 38–20 , while No . 2 Arkansas opened its season with a 48–17 win over Vanderbilt . No . 3 Oklahoma walloped West Virginia 52–10 , and No . 4 Michigan started its campaign with a 31–0 shutout of Illinois . No . 5 Penn State blanked No . 6 Ohio State 19–0 and moved up to tie Oklahoma in the next poll : No . 1 Alabama , No . 2 Arkansas , No . 3 Penn State , No . 3 Oklahoma , and No . 5 Michigan .
On September 23 , No . 1 Alabama lost in Birmingham to No . 7 USC , 24–14 . No . 2 Arkansas struggled in beating Oklahoma State 19–7 , and No . 3 Penn State also had a difficult time with SMU but won 26–21 . No . 3 Oklahoma had a much more dominant performance with a 66–7 victory over Rice , earning them the top spot in the next poll . No . 5 Michigan won at No . 14 Notre Dame , 28–14 . The new poll was No . 1 Oklahoma , No . 2 Arkansas , No . 3 USC , No . 4 Michigan , and No . 5 Penn State .
On September 30 , new No . 1 Oklahoma beat No . 14 Missouri 45–23 . No . 2 Arkansas was unimpressive in a 21–13 win over Tulsa , but No . 3 USC thumped Michigan State 30–9 , No . 4 Michigan beat Duke 52–0 , and No . 5 Penn State crushed TCU 58–0 . The next poll featured No . 1 Oklahoma , No . 2 USC , No . 3 Michigan , No . 4 Arkansas , and No . 5 Penn State .
October
On October 7 , No . 1 Oklahoma solidified its ranking with a 31–10 win over No . 6 Texas . No . 2 USC was idle , No . 3 Michigan struggled in beating Arizona 21–17 , No . 4 Arkansas beat TCU 42–3 , and No . 5 Penn State avenged its only loss from 1977 in shutting out Kentucky , 30–0 . The latter two teams were tied in the next poll : No . 1 Oklahoma , No . 2 USC , No . 3 Penn State , No . 3 Arkansas , and No . 5 Michigan .
October 14 was a day of surprises . No . 1 Oklahoma escaped with a 17–16 win over Kansas , No . 2 USC lost to Arizona State in Tempe 20–7 , and No . 5 Michigan lost to Michigan State , 24–15 . No . 3 Penn State and No . 4 Arkansas escaped the madness by being idle . Moving up were No . 7 Alabama , which beat Florida 23–12 , and No . 8 Nebraska , which defeated Kansas State 48–14 . The next poll featured No . 1 Oklahoma , No . 2 Penn State , No . 3 Arkansas , No . 4 Alabama , and No . 5 Nebraska .
October 21 saw No . 3 Arkansas lose to No . 8 Texas 28–21 . This week the other top-ranked teams were more successful , as No . 1 Oklahoma beat Iowa State 34–6 , No . 2 Penn State won over Syracuse 45–14 , No . 4 Alabama beat Tennessee 30–13 , and No . 5 Nebraska won at Colorado 52–14 . No . 6 Maryland jumped into the top five with a 39–0 win over Wake Forest : No . 1 Oklahoma , No . 2 Penn State , No . 3 Alabama , No . 4 Nebraska , and No . 5 Maryland .
On October 28 , No . 1 Oklahoma beat Kansas State 56–19 , No . 2 Penn State beat West Virginia 49–21 , No . 3 Alabama beat Virginia Tech 35–0 , No . 4 Nebraska beat Oklahoma State 22–14 , and No . 5 Maryland got ready for their upcoming showdown with Penn State by thumping Duke 27–0 . The top five remained the same .
November
On November 4 , No . 1 Oklahoma beat Colorado 28–7 to improve its record to 9−0 . In a matchup of the only other undefeated teams , No . 2 Penn State stymied No . 5 Maryland 27–3 . No . 3 Alabama topped Mississippi State 35–14 , and No . 4 Nebraska beat Kansas 63–21 . No . 6 USC moved up after a 13–7 win at Stanford : No . 1 Oklahoma , No . 2 Penn State , No . 3 Alabama , No . 4 Nebraska , and No . 5 USC .
November 11 saw No . 1 Oklahoma lose to No . 4 Nebraska 17–14 , allowing the Cornhuskers to clinch at least a share of the Big Eight title . No . 2 Penn State claimed the top spot with a 19–10 win over North Carolina State . No . 3 Alabama rolled along with a 31–10 win at No . 10 LSU . No . 5 USC beat No . 19 Washington 28–10 . The new poll featured No . 1 Penn State , No . 2 Nebraska , No . 3 Alabama , No . 4 Oklahoma , and No . 5 USC .
On November 18 , No . 1 Penn State and No . 3 Alabama were idle . No . 2 Nebraska was knocked off at home by Missouri 35–31 and fell out of the top five , while No . 4 Oklahoma won its final game over Oklahoma State 62–7 . This left the Cornhuskers and Sooners in a tie atop the Big Eight , but Nebraska 's head-to-head victory earned them a spot in the Orange Bowl . In the showdown to decide the Pac-10 title and Rose Bowl berth , No . 5 USC stopped No . 14 UCLA by a score of 17–10 . No . 6 Houston , which was idle this week but stood atop the SWC standings after upset victories over Arkansas and Texas , moved into the top five : No . 1 Penn State , No . 2 Alabama , No . 3 USC , No . 4 Oklahoma , and No . 5 Houston .
On November 24 , No . 1 Penn State wrapped up its undefeated regular season with a 17–10 win over their rival , No . 15 Pittsburgh . No . 2 Alabama had one more week off before its game with rival Auburn . No . 3 USC needed a controversial call ( an apparent fumble was ruled an incomplete pass thus keeping the final drive alive ) and last second field goal to beat No . 8 Notre Dame 27–25 . No . 5 Houston was upset by Texas Tech 22–21 , but the Cougars still clinched the SWC title and a Cotton Bowl berth when the other contender , No . 9 Texas , also lost . For once , Michigan and Ohio State were not the only contenders for the Big Ten title , as No . 14 Michigan State stood in a three-way tie with the two traditional powerhouses ; the Spartans even held the head-to-head advantage over Michigan . However , Michigan State was banned from the postseason due to recruiting violations , meaning that the Michigan-Ohio State game would yet again determine the conference 's representative in the Rose Bowl . In the final battle of `` The Ten Year War '' , the No . 6-ranked Wolverines clinched a trip to Pasadena with a 14–3 win over the No . 16 Buckeyes . The next poll featured No . 1 Penn State , No . 2 Alabama , No . 3 USC , No . 4 Oklahoma , and No . 5 Michigan .
December
On December 2 , No . 2 Alabama needed a victory in the Iron Bowl to clinch the SEC title and a Sugar Bowl berth , which would go to No . 11 Georgia ( currently half a game behind them in conference play ) if they lost . The Crimson Tide came through with a 34–16 win over rival Auburn , and the top five remained unchanged from the previous week .
No . 1 Penn State accepted the Sugar Bowl bid to set up a 1 vs. 2 matchup with Alabama . No . 3 USC and No . 5 Michigan would square off in a Rose Bowl battle of one-loss teams . The Orange Bowl normally pitted the Big Eight champions against an independent team or one from another conference , but this year the organizers set up a rematch between No . 6 Nebraska and No . 4 Oklahoma ( which lost the Big Eight title to the Cornhuskers in a close game , but had a better overall record and ranking ) . The Cotton Bowl rounded out the major games with a matchup between No . 9 Houston and No . 10 Notre Dame . No . 7 Clemson was passed over by the New Year 's bowls despite a 10−1 record and the ACC championship , but their Gator Bowl contest with No . 20 Ohio State turned out to be much more significant in hindsight . It was near the end of that game when legendary Ohio State coach Woody Hayes punched Clemson linebacker Charlie Bauman after their game clinching interception , leading to Hayes ' dismissal as Ohio State coach .
Conference standings
No . 1 and No . 2 progress
Notable rivalry games
Arizona St. 18 , Arizona 17
Alabama 34 , Auburn 16
Stanford 30 , Cal 10
USC 17 , UCLA 10
USC 27 , Notre Dame 25
Nebraska 17 , Oklahoma 14
Bowls
Bowl bids
Top ranked Penn State , as an independent , was not tied to any bowl game so the Nittany Lions accepted the Sugar Bowl invitation where they would meet SEC Champion Alabama , who was ranked 2nd in the AP and 3rd in the UPI . Pac-10 champion USC ( ranked 3rd in the AP and 2nd in the UPI ) faced No . 5 Michigan in the Rose Bowl in a battle of one loss teams . Nebraska had upset Oklahoma to earn the Big 8 title and automatic Orange Bowl berth ; the Orange Bowl pulled a surprise by inviting the Sooners to play Nebraska in a rematch . Most observers felt Clemson would be invited and Oklahoma would play Houston in the Cotton Bowl Classic . The Cotton Bowl Classic bid went to Notre Dame and Clemson had to settle for the Gator Bowl despite a better record and higher ranking than Notre Dame .
Bowl results
In unusually cold and icy Dallas , Notre Dame overcame a 34–12 fourth quarter deficit to beat Houston 35–34 . The Fighting Irish were led by quarterback Joe Montana in their final collegiate game . In New Orleans , Alabama used a 4th quarter goal line stand to upset Penn State 14–7 . In Pasadena , USC defeated Michigan aided by an incredible performance ( including the game-winning touchdown ) by Charles White . In the Orange Bowl , Oklahoma won its rematch with Nebraska One other Bowl of note saw Clemson beat Ohio State in the Gator Bowl ; the next day , legendary Ohio State coach Woody Hayes was fired for punching Clemson defensive back Charlie Bauman in the throat after their game-saving interception .
National champion
The season ended with the top 3 teams ( Alabama , USC , and Oklahoma ) with one loss . In the AP poll , Alabama ( 11–1–0 ) , on the strength of their Sugar Bowl win over former No . 1 Penn State , was voted No . 1 . In the UPI poll , USC ( 12–1–0 ) was voted No . 1 , based in a large part on their 24–14 win at Alabama over the Crimson Tide . Oklahoma , who was No . 1 for most of the season , felt that they should be national champs as they avenged their only loss by beating Nebraska in the Orange Bowl . The Sooners had to settle for the No . 3 ranking in both polls .
Final AP and UPI rankings
Heisman Trophy
Billy Sims , HB - Oklahoma , 827 points
Chuck Fusina , QB - Penn State , 750
Rick Leach , QB - Michigan , 435
Charles White , TB - USC , 354
Charles Alexander , TB - LSU , 282
Ted Brown , RB - NC State , 82
Steve Fuller , QB - Clemson , 82
Eddie Lee Ivery , RB - Georgia Tech , 81
Jack Thompson , QB - Washington State , 72
Jerry Robinson , LB - UCLA , 70
Source :
Other major awards
Maxwell ( outstanding player ) – Chuck Fusina , Penn St. QB
Outland ( Interior Lineman ) – Greg Roberts , Oklahoma G
Camp ( Running back ) – Billy Sims , Oklahoma RB
Lombardi ( Linebacker ) – Bruce Clark , Penn St. D
References
Slammerkin is a historical fiction novel by Irish-Canadian author Emma Donoghue . Published in 2000 , it is their third novel and is loosely based on the account of 16-year-old Mary Saunders who was hanged for murdering their mistress , Joan Jones , in Monmouth , Wales , in 1764 . The crime was motivated by their longing for `` fine clothes '' . The title is taken from an obsolete term which was used for both an 18th-century woman 's dressing gown and for a sexually promiscuous woman .
Slammerkin was first published in London , England , by Virago Press . It was reissued in 2009 in Toronto by HarperCollins Canada , and once more in 2012 in New York City by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt .
Plot summary
Part 1 : London
Mary Saunders is a highly intelligent girl living in poverty in 1760 London . They are repelled when their mother Susan encourages them to become a seamstress , wanting nothing to do with the `` wretched trades '' . They feel that they deserve better , and envies the hair ribbons and brightly coloured gowns of a prostitute they often see . They agree to kiss an old peddler for a scarlet ribbon , but is instead raped and later finds that the ribbon they were given is brown . When the resultant pregnancy becomes evident , Mary 's family disown them and they are beaten and raped by a group of soldiers . They are later awakened by Doll , the prostitute they admire .
Although Doll says that it is `` every girl for herself '' , they shelter and cares for Mary . Doll helps Mary with their appearance and teaches them how to attract customers so that they can pay for an abortion . After Mary recovers , Doll keeps Mary safe while they learn the trade , with much of their time at leisure : drinking , attending the theatre , strolling through parks , and visiting friends . After a year together , Mary notices a decline in Doll , who has dark moods , little appetite , and drinks beyond excess . Although Doll often said `` a girl 's clothes are their fortune '' and should never be sold , they begin pawning their clothing and often has trouble paying the rent . Mary finds their roles reversed as they often watch out for Doll and goes as far as to buy back them clothes .
Mary becomes sick as a harsh winter approaches , and Doll convinces them to go to the Magdalen Hospital for penitents . Two months later , Mary is upset by a sermon about the choices women make , feeling that they have lacked any choice in their personal life . They leave the hospital and finds Doll frozen to death in an alleyway with a bottle of gin . Mary finishes the last of the gin and takes a red ribbon from Doll 's hair before covering them with a blanket . In their room , Mary finds Doll 's clothing hidden under the floorboards , and is grieved to think that Doll died rather than sell them . The landlady says that Doll owed money and demands the clothes , but Mary fights with them and flees from the resident pimp . In fear for their life , Mary buys a modest dress and boards a coach for their mother 's hometown of Monmouth , Wales . Lacking sufficient funds for the entire fare , Mary plays the part of a scared girl and maneuvers Joe Cadwaladyr into sleeping with them They pay them out of guilt , and Mary borrows their writing things to forge a deathbed letter from Susan , asking for their mother 's childhood friend Jane Jones to watch over Mary .
Part 2 : Monmouth
Jane Jones and their husband Thomas feel compassion for Mary and take them in as a dressmaker 's apprentice to Jane . Mary is adored by their young daughter Hetta , and is tempted to become a normal girl with a normal family . They consider marrying Daffy , Mr. Jones 's apprentice and master of all work in the house . However , after sleeping with them in a field , they break their engagement because they have no higher aspirations and because they can not provide them with children , as they were left barren following them abortion .
Joe Cadwaladyr operates a local tavern and offers to pimp for Mary . They accept this after a time , realizing that they wish to return to London and that prostitution is the quickest way to raise the required funds . They are able to maintain anonymity by prostituting under the name Sukie , but Mr. Jones happens to see them waiting on a customer and , in a panic , they entice them with sex . Mary is later reluctantly whipped by Mrs. Jones for laughing at a customer , though Mary suspects it was ordered by Mr. Jones for tempting him . While Mrs. Jones cares for Mary 's injuries , they come across Mary 's money and confiscates it . Their relationship worsens , though Mrs. Jones cares for Mary when they subsequently fall ill .
Mary asks for their money back but learns that it was donated to the church . Mary snaps and smashes open the family safe with a kitchen cleaver , taking the money which is less than what she 'd lost . They drink from a bottle of wine and changes into one of the dresses they had made . When Mrs. Jones confronts her , Mary confesses : to being a prostitute , that their mother is alive and hates her , and that they slept with Mr. Jones . Mrs. Jones orders Mary to take the dress off and get out , and tries ripping the dress off when Mary fails to comply . Mary then takes the cleaver and lodges it in Mrs. Jones 's neck . Mary tries running but is caught and held in Monmouth Gaol for three months before being hanged .
Characters
Mary Saunders : A tall , dark haired , dark eyed schoolgirl from London , England , who lives in poverty with their mother , stepfather and baby half-brother . They are 13 years old at the beginning of the novel , and is highly intelligent with the ability to read , write , and understand math in a way their peers ( and many adults ) can not . They are also ambitious , wanting more for their life than going into service or joining their mother as a seamstress . Mary is raped and subsequently forced out of their home when they are found to be pregnant . They resort to prostitution to survive on the streets of London .
Doll Higgins : A 21-year-old prostitute who shelters Mary from homelessness . They are scarred on one side of their face from eye to jaw but is described as `` the most gorgeous creature Mary had ever seen '' . They have a tendency to wear brightly coloured gowns and a scarlet ribbon through their hair , which is usually powdered silver or white . They become Mary 's best friend , introducing them to prostitution , showing them the ropes , and ultimately bringing out the worst parts of their personality .
Jane Jones : A dressmaker in Monmouth , Wales , who went to school with Susan Rhys and Cob Saunders , Mary 's father . They are moved by a forged deathbed letter from Mary 's mother , and convinces their husband to take Mary in and becomes a mother figure to them
Thomas Jones : A one-legged staymaker who is married to Jane Jones . Together they run a family business which sells dresses and corsets to the women in Monmouth . They are patient and loving with their wife and child .
Henrietta `` Hetta '' Jones : The only living child of Thomas and Jane . They are an inquisitive 4-year-old with `` buttermilk hair '' and is described as a `` porkish little glut '' by Mrs. Ash .
Nance Ash : A 39-year-old wet nurse to Hetta . They are extremely religious and spends their days pouring over the bible and reciting scripture to the rest of the household . They and Mary share an almost instant dislike of one another . They had hoped that Mr. Jones would consider marrying them after their wife 's death , and has their heart broken to learn of their engagement to another seamstress .
Davyd `` Daffy '' Cadwaladyr : A 20-year-old manservant with sunken eyes who is a pleasant but straightforward . They do n't get along with their father because they chose to work as an assistant to Thomas Jones instead of joining their father in running the town tavern . They are well-read and knowledgeable on many subjects . They were briefly engaged to Mary , and later becomes engaged to their cousin Gwyneth .
Reverend Joseph `` Joe '' Cadwaladyr : They are Daffy 's father who is `` only reverend on Sundays '' and runs a tavern called the Crow 's Nest . Mary meets them in a coach on the way to Monmouth and tempts them into sleeping with her , making them feel so guilty afterwards that they pay for their fare . They later becomes them pimp .
Abi : A 30-year-old maid who is from Angola but was raised as a house slave on a plantation in Barbados . They were brought to Monmouth by a doctor from Bristol , who left them as payment for their stay at Jones 's . They are an unpaid servant and shares a room and the chores with Mary . At the end of the novel they are shown to be in London .
Susan Digot , née Rhys : Mary 's mother , who moved from Monmouth to London with their first husband , in the hopes of becoming a dressmaker for the nobility . They are shown to be constantly working in dirty , dark , cramped conditions , sewing together piecework while their eyesight is beginning to fail . Susan is overworked and bitter about how their life turned out . They regret letting Cob Saunders talk them into leaving Monmouth for the chance of a better life . When Mary asks them why they never went home they reply that she 's made their bed and now they must lie in it .
William Digot : Mary 's stepfather . They are a coal miner who married Susan after they were widowed . They tolerate Mary for Susan 's sake , but just barely . Mary privately refers to them as the `` Digot man '' .
Daniel Flyte : A Quaker who helps Abi to freedom .
Matron Elizabeth Butler : A woman in charge of the penitents in Magdalen Hospital . They are fond of Mary but lets them leave the hospital despite wanting them to stay .
Biddy Farrel : An Irishwoman who is landlady of Rat 's Castle , the building Doll and Mary live in .
Caesar : An African pimp who also works as Mrs. Farrel 's hired muscle . They are known for the long knife they carry at their waist . The scar on Doll 's face was given to them by Caesar .
Cob Saunders : Mary 's father . They were a cobbler from Monmouth and Susan Digot 's first husband . It was their idea to move to London for opportunity . They took part in the apocryphal Calendar Riots and died of fever in prison when Mary was 5 years old .
Reception
Critical response
Michelle Kaske of Booklist found that the novel , based on true historical crimes , worked tension and moments of charm into its squalid subject matter , and showed `` intricate relationships between women of limited power '' . They concluded , `` What is most amazing is Donoghue 's capacity for tackling weighty issues ( prostitution , crime , and slavery ) while avoiding didacticism . ''
Natasha Tripney of The Guardian wrote , `` The novel is structured in such a way that it exerts a considerable grip , the tension slowly , painfully building '' . They found it to be a believable fiction , never romanticising Mary , and praised Donoghue 's use of costume and its associated status .
Laura Jamison of The New York Times Book Review described Slammerkin as a `` heady , colorful romp of a novel '' which is `` almost impossible to resist '' . While Jamison felt that it failed in its great theme that `` everyone [ ... ] prostituted themselves one way or another '' , they found it to be accessible to modern readers with lively fictions completing the gaps in the recorded life of Mary Saunders .
In a review for Publishers Weekly , Caroline Davidson called Slammerkin `` intelligent and mesmerizing '' . They found that the novel provoked mixed feelings about Mary , whose drunken numbness leads to their recklessness . They concluded that , `` Donoghue 's characterizations are excellent , and their brutal imagery and attention to language capture the spirit of the time with vital precision . ''
Awards
The novel was awarded the Ferro-Grumley Award for Lesbian Fiction in 2002 .
References
2000 British novels
British historical novels
Historical crime novels
Novels set in the 1760s
Virago Press books
The tribal Kukna ( Kokna ) and Dhodia peoples speak a Bhil language in parts of Gujarat , Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra and Rajasthan .
References
dhodia Language
External links
Dhodia Community
RDG
Dhodia FaceBook Page
Dhodia FaceBook Group
Dhodia Website
Dhodia Blog
Dhodia Videos
Dhodia History
Dhodia Population
Dhodia Language
Dhodia Religion
Dhodia Kul ( કુળ )
Dhodia Trusts ( મંડળો )
Dhodia SocialServants
Dhodia Rituals ( વિધિઓ )
Dhodia Book1 : અહા આમું ઢોડિયા - શ્રી.કુલીન પટેલ
Dhodia Book2 : ઢોડિયા જાતી : બોલી , સાહિત્ય અને સંસકૃતિ - સ્વ.શ્રી મંછારામભાઈ નારણદાસ પટેલ
Dhodia Book3 : વડલો
Hindi languages
Bhil
Jack Slough is a stream in the eastern Sacramento Valley , near Yuba City in Yuba County , California .
It is a tributary of the Sacramento River .
History
The stream was formerly called Nigger Jack Slough . The slough was likely named for a black miner in the California Gold Rush .
See also
List of rivers of California
References
Rivers of Yuba County , California
Geography of the Sacramento Valley
Tributaries of the Sacramento River
Yuba City , California
Mountain ranges of Northern California
Music ( also known as Apple Music , the Apple Music app , and the Music app ) is a media player application developed for the iOS , iPadOS , tvOS , watchOS , and macOS operating systems by Apple Inc . It can play music files stored locally on devices , as well as stream from the iTunes Store and Apple Music .
On iPhones running the iOS 4 or older software , it was named `` iPod '' . It was included in the initial releases of tvOS , watchOS , and iPadOS . It was released with macOS Catalina on October 7 , 2019 as one of three applications created to replace iTunes . The Music app is differentiated from iTunes by its concentration on streaming media and lesser focus on the iTunes Store , where content may be purchased outright .
iOS , tvOS , and watchOS versions
The Music app on iOS was initially released in iPhone OS 1 as the iPod app , and was renamed Music in iOS 5 . It was updated with a redesign and functionality for Apple Music with iOS 8.4 in 2015 . It is a standard app on CarPlay .
The Music app is available on 2nd and 3rd generation Apple TVs to stream music purchased from the iTunes Store or synced with iTunes Match , but was never updated with support for Apple Music . Apple Music support was added in the tvOS version on the 4th generation Apple TV in early November 2015 .
The Music app has been included in every version of watchOS on the Apple Watch . Music can be downloaded directly to an Apple Watch for use without a paired iPhone .
macOS version
The Music app on macOS was preceded by the iTunes app launched on January 9 , 2001 . Video support within the iTunes app was enabled in May 2005 ; podcast and books support followed in June 2005 and January 2010 , respectively . By the 2010s , the application had been criticized for software bloat with features that extended well beyond the original scope of music .
Apple announced at the 2019 Worldwide Developers Conference that iTunes would be replaced with the specific Music app , Podcasts , and TV applications with the release of macOS Catalina . Apple describes the Music app as a `` music streaming experience , '' whereas the company described iTunes as a digital library and online music store . Previous iTunes versions designed for older macOS versions , as well as iTunes for Windows , will remain unaffected . Music , TV shows and movies , and podcasts on the iTunes Store will be accessible through the Music , TV , and Podcasts apps , respectively , compared to the standalone iTunes Store app that is featured on iOS .
Android
The Music app was released for devices running Android Lollipop and later on November 10 , 2015 , where it is referred to as Apple Music . It marked the first time music from the iTunes Store was available on non-Apple mobile devices since the Rokr E1 during a brief partnership with Motorola in 2005 .
References
Notes
IOS software
WatchOS software
MacOS software
Apple Inc. software
IOS-based software made by Apple Inc .
Fencing at the 2002 Asian Games was held in Gangseo Gymnasium , Busan , South Korea from September 29 to October 4 , 2002 .
Schedule
Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
Participating nations
A total of 154 athletes from 17 nations competed in fencing at the 2002 Asian Games :
References
2002 Asian Games Report , Pages 402–414
External links
Official website
2002 Asian Games events
2002
Asian Games
2002 Asian Games
The singles Tournament at the 2006 Zurich Open took place between 16 October and 23 October on the indoor hard courts of the Hallenstadion in Zürich , Switzerland . Maria Sharapova won the title , defeating Daniela Hantuchová in the final .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
WTA draws
2006 Singles
Zurich Open - Singles
Palaeophilotes is a monotypic genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . Its single species , Palaeophilotes triphysina , ( Staudinger , 1892 ) is endemic to western China .
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Walter Forster ( entomologist )
Gwened , Bro-Gwened ( Standard ) or Vannetais ( ) is a historic realm and county of Brittany in France . It is considered part of Lower Brittany .
Bro-Gwened was an early medieval principality or kingdom around Vannes in Armorica ( Brittany ) , lasting from around AD 490 to around 635 . It was peopled by Christianized Britons fleeing the Saxon invasions of Britain , who displaced or assimilated the remaining pagan Veneti Gauls . Its bishop and ( usually ) court was at Gwened , the site of the former Roman settlement of Darioritum and the present French city of Vannes .
Today its territories are included within the modern French department of Morbihan .
Name
The Breton placename-element ( ) initially meant a tribe , but came to signify its territory as well . The standard Breton form of the name mutates Gwened , the Breton name for Vannes , while the local dialect leaves it unchanged as `` Bro-Gwened '' . The modern French name derives from adjectival form of Vannes . Both and reflect separate developments of the Latin , the Romans ' name for the Gaulish tribe in the area . ( It is unrelated to the Welsh realm and county of Gwynedd , which developed from Latin . )
The historic realm was also known as Bro Erec ( , `` land of Gwereg '' ) or Bro Waroch ( from the gallicisation of the same name ) or by numerous variant spellings , although it is unclear whether the namesake Gwereg was Waroch I or II .
History
The land was allegedly founded by Caradog Strongarm . In the early 6th century , Macliau served as one of the earliest bishops of Vannes prior to usurping their nephew 's inheritance in neighboring Cornouaille . They may have also been king of Broerec or simply the refugee guest of Conmor . Major settlements at this time included Gwened ( Vannes ) and Lokmaria ( Locmaria ) . In the mid-7th century , Bro Gwened was united with Domnonia under its king Saint Judicaël , who was descended from a daughter of Waroch . Domnonia 's rulers thenceforth reigned as the high kings of Brittany , with Bro Gwened forming part of their lands .
Dialect
The dialect of Gwened 's present inhabitants is known in Breton as and in French as . It is distinct from that of the other regions of Brittany to the point of near unintelligibility . A primary distinction is that the Gwened dialect has paralleled Gaelic in developing earlier into rather than ; , meanwhile , has disappeared completely rather than merge with as in Leon although there are certain parts of Gwened ( e.g . the city Baud ) where it is still used as an initial mutation of d and t and sometimes in the middle and end of a word as a retainment of Middle Breton or θ where the other dialects substituted d or z ( e.g . in hiddiù [ hiːðiw ] ( `` today '' ) which would be hiziv [ hiːziw ] or hidiv [ hiːdiv ] in the other dialects ( cf . Welsh heddiw [ hɛðɪu̯ ] ) ) . The dialect also has a tendency to close vowels , places stress on the final syllables of words ( as in French and Middle Breton ) , rather than on the penultimate syllable ( as in other Breton dialects and Welsh ) , and ( like English ) has completely lost its original 2nd person singular pronoun .
Tartan
As a historic Breton county , Bro-Wened is registered as an official tartan with the British government .
See also
Domnonia ( Domnonée )
Leon ( Léon )
Cornouaille
References
States and territories established in the 490s
States and territories disestablished in the 7th century
Geography of Brittany
Medieval Brittany
Barbarian kingdoms
History of Morbihan
The Neubrügg or Neubrücke ( ) is a covered wooden bridge over the river Aare between the village of Kirchlindach and Bern in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
The bridge was first built in 1469 to replace a ferry crossing over the Aare . The bridge eventually became part of two major roads that helped Bern control its extensive territory north of the river . The road into the Berner Seeland passed over the bridge before traveling to Meikirch , while the other road ran into the Fraubrunnenamt after passing through Oberlindach and Münchenbuchsee . The Neubrügg remained important until motorized traffic made it obsolete . It was supplanted by the concrete Halenbrücke in 1911-13 .
See also
List of Aare bridges in Bern
References
External links
History of Kirchlindach
Bridges in Bern
Old City ( Bern )
Bridges completed in 1469
Bridges over the Aare
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Pedestrian bridges in Switzerland
Covered bridges in Switzerland
Caustella is a monotypic snout moth genus in the family Pyralidae described by George Hampson in 1930 . Its only species , Caustella micralis , was described by the same author in 1896 . It is found in Sri Lanka .
References
Phycitinae
Monotypic moth genera
Moths of Asia
2009 Gamba Osaka season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J . League official site
Gamba Osaka
Gamba Osaka seasons
Deng Xiaoping and the Transformation of China is a 2011 biography about Deng Xiaoping written by Ezra Vogel and published by The Belknap Press/Harvard University Press .
Translations
In May 2012 the Chinese University Press of Hong Kong published the first Chinese translation , unabridged , with versions using both Traditional and Simplified characters . In January 2013 Sanlian Publishing House published a Simplified Chinese version for Mainland China . The Mainland version was adopted from the Hong Kong translation , but was subject several minor changes due to censorship ; most of the changes were centered on negative descriptions or adjectives describing Chinese leaders .
Publication and reception
The initial reviews praised Vogel 's book as detailed and well-grounded , generally favorable , but not without criticism . Jonathan Mirsky of The New York Times described the book as `` wide-ranging '' and wrote that the coverage of Deng 's changes to the Chinese economy is the `` most valuable part of '' the book . John Knight , a PhD candidate stated that the book `` provides much insight into '' Deng and that `` for those interested in learning more about China 's present , Vogel 's study is a delightful read . '' Reviewers also mentioned controversial points . John Pomfret wrote in The Washington Post that Vogel `` clearly believes that Deng — known in the West mostly for engineering the slaughter of protesters in the streets near Tiananmen Square on June 4 , 1989 — has been wronged by history . Their tome is an attempt to redress the balance . ''
In the London Review of Books , Perry Anderson sharply criticized Vogel as `` a booster '' and the book as `` an exercise in unabashed adulation '' in which `` anything in Deng 's career that might seriously mar the general encomium is sponged away '' , noting how `` Vogel devotes just 30 pages , out of nearly 900 , to the first 65 years of Deng 's life '' . They also critiqued the book for exaggerating the historical significance of certain events , such as `` Deng 's ‘ historic ' – universally forgotten – speech to the UN in early 1974 '' .
As of 2020 , the Mainland Chinese version sold 1,200,000 copies , while the U.S. version sold 45,000 hard copies and 9,400 ebooks .
The book received the Lionel Gelber Prize , a literary award for excellency in literature related to foreign policy .
References
Notes
External links
Glossary Glossary of Chinese terms used in the book .
References List of works used in the book .
Ezra Vogel , author of Deng Xiaoping and the Transformation of China , speaking in 2011 on Deng 's efforts to build China ( )
2011 books
Books about China
Deng Xiaoping
Harvard University Press books
Kane Elgey ( born 14 January 1994 ) , also known by the nickname of `` LG '' , is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who last played as a for the Gold Coast Titans and the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in the NRL . Elgey played for the Prime Minister 's XIII in 2015 .
Background
Elgey was born on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
They played their junior rugby league for the Tugun Seahawks , before being signed by the Gold Coast Titans .
Playing career
Early career
In October 2011 , Elgey played for the Australian Schoolboys . From 2012 to 2014 , they played for the Gold Coast Titans ' NYC team , captaining the side in 2014 . Elgey was named on the interchange bench in the 2014 NYC Team of the Year , but then awarded the NYC Player of the Year , despite their team coming 15th ( second last ) . On 12 September 2014 , they re-signed with the Titans on a 1-year contract .
Playing career
In 2015 , Elgey started the year in the Titans ' Queensland Cup team , the Tweed Heads Seagulls . In Round 4 , they made their NRL debut for the Titans against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks , playing at halfback in the Titans ' 24–22 win at Remondis Stadium . They then re-signed with the Titans on a 2-year contract . In Round 8 against the New Zealand Warriors , they scored their first and second NRL career tries in the Titans ' 32–28 win at Mt Smart Stadium . They finished their debut year in the NRL having played in 16 matches , scoring 6 tries and kicking 10 goals for the Titans , and was named their Rookie of the Year . On 26 September , they played for the Prime Minister 's XIII against Papua New Guinea , playing at halfback in their team 's 40–12 win in Port Moresby .
On 5 January 2016 , Elgey suffered a season-ending anterior cruciate ligament ( ACL ) knee injury at the Titans ' first training session of the season . on 14 March , they extended their contract with the Titans to the end of 2018 .
In August 2018 , Elgey signed a two-year deal to join the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles for the 2019 NRL season .
On 24 September 2019 , Elgey announced their retirement from rugby league via their Instagram page . In their post Elgey wrote `` I just know deep down I do n't love it like I used to and when you lose that it 's very hard to keep doing it at a high level '' .
References
External links
Manly Sea Eagles profile
Gold Coast Titans profile
Titans profile
1994 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Gold Coast Titans players
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles players
Prime Minister 's XIII players
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Gold Coast , Queensland
Tweed Heads Seagulls players
Thrincopyge is a genus of `` jewel beetles '' in the subfamily Polycestinae , containing the following species :
Thrincopyge alacris LeConte , 1858
Thrincopyge ambiens ( LeConte , 1854 )
Thrincopyge marginata Waterhouse , 1890
References
Buprestidae genera
`` Out of All Them Bright Stars '' is a science fiction short story by Nancy Kress . It was first published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction , in 1985 .
Synopsis
Sally Gourley is a waiter at a diner who watches as an alien tries to order a meal , only to have events spin out of control .
Reception
`` Out of All Them Bright Stars '' won the 1986 Nebula Award for Best Short Story . Kress has observed that Gourley is `` powerless because of their class , not their gender . ''
References
External links
Nebula Award for Best Short Story-winning works
Works originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction
Len Brown ( 2 November 1910 – 8 August 1983 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Notes
External links
1910 births
1983 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
North Melbourne Football Club players
Douglas Keith Brocail ( born May 16 , 1967 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher and pitching coach . They played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the San Diego Padres , Houston Astros , Detroit Tigers , and Texas Rangers . They have coached in MLB for the Astros , Rangers , and the Orioles .
Playing career
Brocail attended Lamar High School in Lamar , Colorado where they won All-State honors in football , basketball , and baseball . The San Diego Padres selected Brocail in the first round of the 1986 Major League Baseball draft . They did not make their major league debut until 1992 because of injuries sustained in the minors . Initially a starter , Brocail went 4–13 in their first full season ( 1993 ) before being converted to relief .
After the 1994 season , the Padres traded Brocail , Derek Bell , Ricky Gutiérrez , Pedro Martínez , Phil Plantier , and Craig Shipley to the Houston Astros for Ken Caminiti , Andújar Cedeño , Steve Finley , Roberto Petagine , and Brian Williams . After the 1996 season , the Astros traded Brocail , Brian Hunter , Todd Jones , Orlando Miller , and cash to the Detroit Tigers for Brad Ausmus , José Lima , Trever Miller , C. J. Nitkowski , and Daryle Ward . After the 2000 season , the Tigers traded Brocail , Ausmus , and Nelson Cruz to the Astros for Roger Cedeño , Chris Holt , and Mitch Meluskey .
Two Tommy John surgeries kept Brocail out of the major leagues for nearly four years ( 2000–04 ) . They returned in 2004 with the Texas Rangers and was placed on the disabled list in May for 15 days due to an appendectomy . They pitched for San Diego in 2006 and 2007 .
Brocail underwent an angioplasty on March 11 , 2006 , to clear a 99 % blockage of their left anterior descending artery . They had complained of chest tightness that radiated into both arms . They already are being treated for an abscessed tooth and asthma . Weeks later , Brocail underwent a second , more complex angioplasty in which they received three stents in their heart in addition to the one put in prior . Post heart surgeries , Brocail returned to the mound on July 14 , 2006 .
Brocail pitched relief for the Astros in 2008 and 2009 before retiring at the age of 42 .
Coaching career
After the Houston Astros fired pitching coach Brad Arnsberg on June 14 , 2011 , Brocail was named the interim pitching coach . In October 2013 , Brocail was reassigned by the Astros to the role of special assistant . Brocail served as interim pitching coach for the Corpus Christi Hooks in 2014 , and full time for Corpus Christi in 2015 .
In November 2015 , Brocail was offered a spot as the Texas Rangers pitching coach by Rangers manager Jeff Banister . Brocail accepted the position , replacing the departed Mike Maddux . Brocail led the Rangers ' pitching staff through the 2017 and 2018 seasons .
Brocail was announced on January 23 , 2019 as the Baltimore Orioles pitching coach succeeding Roger McDowell . During their two seasons in this capacity , the Orioles ' pitching staff went from being one of MLB 's worst to lowering its ERA by a run , with the bullpen giving up almost two fewer runs per game . They were not retained after the 2020 season as the Orioles continued to streamline its player personnel operations .
Personal life
Brocail and their wife Lisa have five daughters . The family lives in Missouri City , Texas .
On September 13 , 2004 , Brocail was involved in an incident at the McAfee Coliseum , when the Texas Rangers were playing the Oakland Athletics . Their rookie teammate Frank Francisco , angry at a fan for heckling Brocail and others , hoisted a folded chair into the stands , striking a female fan and breaking their nose . Brocail would later pitch of an inning .
See also
Best pitching seasons by a Detroit Tiger
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Baltimore Orioles coaches
Baseball coaches from Pennsylvania
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Corpus Christi Hooks players
Houston Astros coaches
Houston Astros players
Detroit Tigers players
Frisco RoughRiders players
Jackson Generals ( Texas League ) players
Lake Elsinore Storm players
Lamar Runnin ' Lopes baseball players
Las Vegas Stars ( baseball ) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball pitching coaches
Minor league baseball coaches
New Orleans Zephyrs players
Oklahoma RedHawks players
People from Clearfield , Pennsylvania
People from Prowers County , Colorado
Round Rock Express players
San Diego Padres players
Spokane Indians players
Texas Rangers coaches
Texas Rangers players
Tucson Toros players
Wichita Wranglers players
Baseball coaches from Colorado
Charleston Rainbows players
Shrimant Sardar Kashi Rao Holkar V Subedar Bahadur ( before April 1767 – 1808 ) , belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas was the Maharaja of Indore ( r. 1797–1799 ) . They were the eldest son of Shrimant Sardar Tukoji Rao Holkar , from their first wife .
Life
The death of Tukoji Rao proved disastrous to the interests of the Holkars , as it marked the commencement of a period of prolonged strife between their four sons Kashi Rao Holkar , Malhar Rao II Holkar , Yashwant Rao Holkar and Vithoji Rao Holkar . But for securing the gaddi of the Holkars , Tukoji left two sons , Kashi Rao and Malhar Rao II .
Tukoji Rao during their lifetime , residing in pune , declared Kashi Rao as their successor but they were handicapped and adulterous and due to this reason , the public and the soldiers also did not like Kashi Rao and preferred Malhar Rao as a ruler . Since Malhar Rao had all the qualities of a good administrator and as a good military leader , Malhar Rao , Vitthoji Rao , and Yashwant Rao opposed Kashi Rao and demanded that Malhar Rao should be the leader of the Holkar dynasty succeeding Shreemant Tukoji Rao .
Kashi Rao was also a man of weak intellect . Their brother Malhar Rao was cast in a different mould . They were a man of great activity and energy and was of a turbulent disposition . They had , in 1791-92 , given great trouble by raiding and devastating lands belonging both to the Holkars and other neighboring chiefs . They were finally brought under control by a force under Rao Rao Appaji and Dudrenec . Their father was very furious and in one letter complained to Ahilya Bai of their bad bringing up . Malcolm states that Ahilya Bai and Tukoji desired Kashi Rao and Malhar Rao to occupy positions similar to those occupied by themselves - Kashi Rao to be the administrative head of Maheshwar , and Malhar Rao to become the commander-in-chief of the troops . The correspondence in the State records , however , in no way bears out this contemplated arrangement ; on the contrary , it shows concussively that after the death of Ahilya Bai , Tukoji was bent on securing the succession of Kashi Rao . There are numerous letters written by Tukoji to Kashi Rao , when their health began to decline , urging them to come to them so that their succession to the gaddi of the Holkars may be secured , upbringing them for their delay and asserting that they had obtained Scindia 's support for him . In 1796 , they appeared before their father and was formally invested with a khilat as their heir . Kashi Rao wrote to Ram Rao Appaji on Tuesday 8 November 1796 . `` My father has been very ill , and I came here by forced marches to visit him . They presented me with a dress of honour , recognizing me as their successor . This has enraged Malhar Rao so much that they have left our camp , and is halting close to the Peshwa . I do not know what their intentions are . Please take steps to watch their actions . ''
From the moment of their father 's death Kashi Rao and Malhar Rao , the two brothers , commenced contending for the gaddi . Malhar Rao threw themselves on the protection of the Peshwa , while Kashi Rao secured the support of Scindia through the instrumentality of the latter 's Minister Sarje Rao Ghatke . A reconciliation was , however , effected between the two brothers on the pretext of avoiding a civil war , which was sworn to by the most solemn oaths .
When Kashi Rao felt that their authority was in danger , they sought the help of Daulat Rao Scindia of Gwalior who was considered jealous of the Holkars , due to the growing prominence and rising power of Holkars in North India . On 14 September 1797 , Daulat Rao Scindia suddenly attacked Malhar Rao and killed him . Their infant son fell into Scindia 's hands , who at once put them into safe custody . Yashwant Rao and their brother Vithoji , however , escaped , the former to Nagpur and the latter to Kolhapur . Yashwantrao Holkar took shelter at Nagpur 's Raghoji II Bhonsle . When Scindia learned this , they asked Raghoji II Bhonsle to arrest Yashwantrao Holkar . Yashwantrao was arrested on 20 February 1798 . Bhawani Shankar Khatri , who was with Yashwantrao , helped them to escape , and both of them escaped from Nagpur on 6 April 1798 .
The public support for Yashwant Rao Holkar was growing . Many courageous soldiers also joined the army of Yashwantrao Holkar . Anandrao Pawar the King of Dhar also helped Yashwant Rao since they were also proved helpful to Anandrao in curbing the rebellion of one of their ministers , Rangnath . Yashwant Rao Holkar defeated the army of Shevelier Duddres near Kasrawad and captured Maheshwar . In January 1799 Yashwant Rao was crowned King of the Holkar Dynasty as per Hindu Vedic rites and succeeded Kashirao from February 1799 as sixth ruler of the Holkar Kingdom .
References
See also
Holkar
1767 births
1808 deaths
Maharajas of Indore
Lake surfing is surfing on any lake with sufficient surface area for wind to produce waves . As with ocean surfing , ideal wave conditions are when the wind switches offshore . However , when this occurs over a lake the waves generated by previous onshore wind subside relatively quickly . This means lake surfers have a shorter window of opportunity to surf ideal waves . Lake surfers are often out during and experiencing the same storm that creates the waves whereas ocean surfers are more often surfing on swell produced by storms hundreds of miles away and that may have taken days to reach shore . In addition to making it more difficult to manage surfboards , high winds can make the face of a wave and water surface rough . Increased wave frequency due to shorter fetch results in less rest between waves and sets of waves . This can make it necessary to paddle out through waves because there may not be a long enough pause between sets to paddle out between them .
Though not significant enough to necessitate surfboard design changes , the reduced buoyancy of fresh water results in increased drag when paddling . Lake surfers enjoy water that is fresh ( `` sweet '' as opposed to salty ) and do not have to worry about the dangers from marine life ( e.g . sharks , jellyfish , etc . ) that ocean surfers may have to contend with .
Lakes where surfing is possible include the Great Lakes on the United States–Canada border and Lake Tahoe on the California–Nevada border .
Great Lakes
Strong storms , particularly in the winter and fall ( at which time they may be referred to as a November Witch ) , can produce large waves on the Great Lakes in North America . During these surf seasons , there is often snow , shelf ice , and some ice in the water , making access difficult and conditions more dangerous . Dedicated surfers wear wetsuits or drysuits to keep warm . The surface water temperature when much Great Lakes surfing occurs averages between .
Sheboygan , Wisconsin , featured in surf films and referred to as the Malibu of the Midwest , hosted an annual Dairyland Surf Classic on Labor Day weekend from 1988 to 2012 , which was the largest lake surfing competition in the world .
Great Lakes surfing has grown in popularity over the past decade thanks to the advances in wetsuit and or drysuits technology and the proliferation of information on the internet . There are small surf communities all around the Great Lakes , and medium-sized communities in larger cities such as Toronto and Chicago . Local community organizations such as Surfrider Foundation Milwaukee and Surf the Greats are intended to nurture these communities , protect shorelines , and to raise awareness of Great Lakes surfing .
See also
Wyldewood Surf Club
River surfing
References
Further reading
External links
Great Lakes Surfer 's Journal
September Surfing Lake Michigan on YouTube
SurfGrandHaven.com – Grand Haven , Michigan
Surfing Lake Michigan on YouTube
Frothing on the Great Lakes
Discovery Network 'Tougher Than It Looks ' Surfing on the Great Lakes
This is Life for the Great Lake Surfer on The Inertia
Great Lakes
Surfing
The 1921 Giro di Lombardia was the 17th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 10 November 1921 , on a course of . The race started and finished in Milan . The race was won by the Italian Costante Girardengo , who reached the finish line at an average speed of , preceding their compatriots Gaetano Belloni and Federico Gay .
67 cyclists departed from Milan and 32 completed the race .
General classification
References
External links
1921
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
KBSK ( 89.9 FM ) is a radio station licensed to McCall , Idaho . The station is owned by Boise State University , and is affiliated with Boise State Public Radio . KBSK airs a jazz format .
The station 's programming also airs on the HD Radio subchannels of KBSU-FM in Boise , KBSS in Sun Valley and KBSW in Twin Falls .
See also
List of jazz radio stations in the United States
External links
Official Website
BSK
NPR member stations
Boise State University
The 2012–13 Croatian First Football League ( officially known as the MAXtv Prva Liga for sponsorship reasons ) was the 22nd season of the Croatian First Football League , the national championship for men 's association football teams in Croatia , since its establishment in 1992 . The season started on 21 July 2012 and ended on 26 May 2013 .
The league was contested by 12 teams , down from 16 in the previous season . Dinamo Zagreb were the defending champions , having won their seventh consecutive title in 2011–12 .
Format changes
The league was contested by twelve teams , four fewer than in the previous season , with each club playing every other club three times for a total of 33 rounds ( last time the system was used in the 2008–09 season ) . On 13 April 2012 , Croatian Football Federation announced that the first stage of licensing procedure for 2012–13 season was completed . For the 2012–13 Prva HNL , only three out of twenty applied clubs were issued a top level license : Dinamo Zagreb , Lokomotiva and NK Zagreb . In the second stage of licensing procedure clubs that did n't get a license appealed on the decision and provided new facts and arguments . On 15 May 2012 , it was announced that all remaining Prva HNL clubs from the previous season were granted top level license , except for Šibenik , Karlovac and Varaždin . Only one team from Druga HNL acquired the top level license : Hrvatski Dragovoljac , however , they did n't manage to finish the season within top two places which would secure them promotion . Since none of the top two teams from Druga HNL acquired top level license , the 12th placed team from the 2011–12 Prva HNL were allowed to stay . If that was n't the case , Inter Zaprešić and Rijeka would have needed to play a two-legged play-off match to decide who gets relegated since they were equal on all of the tiebreakers .
Teams
The following is a complete list of teams which contested the 2012–13 Prva HNL .
Stadia and locations
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
League table
Results
Every team will play three times against each other team for a total of 33 matches . The first 22 matchdays will consist of a regular double round-robin schedule . The league standings at this point will then be used to determine the games for the last 11 matchdays .
Matches 1–22
Matches 23–33
Top goalscorers
As of 21 July 2013 ; Source : Sportnet.hr UEFA.com
See also
2012–13 Croatian Second Football League
2012–13 Croatian Football Cup
References
External links
Prva HNL at UEFA.com
2012-13
Cro
2012–13 in Croatian football
Paraduba is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . The species of this genus are found in New Guinea ( Australasian realm ) .
Species
Paraduba metriodes Bethune-Baker , 1911
Paraduba owgarra Bethune-Baker , 1906
Paraduba siwiensis Tite , 1963
External links
`` Paraduba Bethune-Baker , 1906 '' at Markku Savela 's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
The women 's 400 metres event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 8 , 9 and 10 August in Port Louis , Mauritius .
Medalists
Results
Heats
Qualification : First 2 of each heat ( Q ) and the next 6 fastest ( q ) qualified for the semifinals .
Semifinals
Qualification : First 3 of each semifinal ( Q ) and the next 2 fastest ( q ) qualified for the final .
Final
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
400 metres at the African Championships in Athletics
Kafr Thulth ( ) is a Palestinian town located on high , flat land south of Azzoun , south of Tulkarm in the Qalqilya Governorate . The average elevation is above sea level . According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics , the town 's population was 3,921 in the 2007 census .
Name
Kafr in Syriac means `` village '' and Thulth means `` three '' or `` a third '' . This Syriaic name preserves the place name of Baal-shalisha , an ancient village believed to have been located to the south at a site known in modern times as Khirbat Sirisya .
Geography
Kafr Thulth is bordered by Azzun to the south , Sanniriya and Biddya villages to the east and Deir Istiya to the west . In 1948 , parts of Kharab and Aizab , such as , Salman , al-Moudwer , al-Sheikh Ahmad , al-Ashqar , Ras Tirah , al-Dabha , Kirash Kherba and Ras Atiya — villages or land areas that originally belonged to Kafr Thulth were separated from the town by the Green Line , which forms the border between Israel and the West Bank .
Kafr Thulth 's land was extended to the border of the Auja stream and by the 19th century the town 's total land area was about 50-60,000 dunams . It had bordered Habla , Jaljuliya , Azzun and Islah , but Kafr Thulth 's jurisdiction decreased in 1954 ; Then , the distance was 924 dunams , while the distance reached up to Kherash Kherba that belong to Kafr Thulth 3,665 dunams .
History
Ottoman era
In 1517 , the village was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire with the rest of Palestine , and in 1596 , Kafr Tult appeared in Ottoman tax registers as being in nahiya ( subdistrict ) of Jabal Qubal under the liwa ' ( district ) of Nablus . It had a population of 13 households and 1 batchelor , all Muslims . They paid a fixed tax rate of 33.3 % , on wheat , barley , summer crops , occasional revenues , goats and/or beehives ; a total of 1,100 akçes .
In 1838 , Kafr Thulth was included in a village list drawn up by Edward Robinson , part of Jurat Merda , south of Nablus , named as Kefr Telet .
In 1852 , Robinson described Kafr Thulth as `` a ruin '' , and the same did Victor Guérin in 1870 . However , later researchers have noted that both only saw Kafr Thulth from a distance , and might have had it mixed up with the ruin Kufr Qara .
In 1882 the PEF 's Survey of Western Palestine described the village ( called Khurbet Kefr Thilth ) as `` a small village on high ground , with two wells . It was in ruins in 1852 , but has now a few inhabitants , the ground round is rough and uncultivated . ''
British Mandate era
In the 1922 census of Palestine conducted by the British Mandate authorities , Kufr Thelth had a population of 643 , all Muslims , while in the 1931 census Kafr Thulth , ( including Khirbat Khris ) , had 169 occupied houses and a population of 955 , still all Muslim .
In the 1945 statistics the population of Kafr Thulth was 1290 Muslims .
Land ownership in 1945
Land usage in 1945
Jordanian era
In the wake of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War , and after the 1949 Armistice Agreements , Kfar Thulth came under Jordanian rule . It was annexed by Jordan in 1950 .
In 1961 , the population of Kafr Thulth was 1,213 .
1967-present
Since the Six-Day War in 1967 , Kafr Thulth has been under Israeli occupation .
After the 1995 accords , about 10.7 % of the land was classified as Area B , the remaining 89.3 % as Area C. Israel has confiscated 367 dunums of village land for the construction of the Israeli settlements of Karne Shomron , Ginot Shomron , Ma'ale Shomron and Emmanuel , as well as for the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier .
References
Bibliography
External links
Palestine Remembered Kafr Thulth Page
Survey of Western Palestine , Map 14 : IAA , Wikimedia commons
Kafr Thulth Town ( including ‘ Arab al Khawla Locality ) ( Fact Sheet ) , Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem , ( ARIJ )
Kafr Thulth Town Profile ( including ‘ Arab al Khawla Locality ) , ARIJ
Kafr Thulth , aerial photo , ARIJ
Development Priorities and Needs in Kufr Thulth ( including ‘ Arab al Khawla Locality ) , ARIJ
Resumption of Wall constructions in Kafr Thulth and Azzun lands – Qalqiliya governorate August 29 , 2005 , POICA
Qalqilya Governorate
Towns in the West Bank
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Khanmirza ( ) may refer to :
Khanmirza District
Khanmirza Rural District
Colin Crawford ( born November 17 , 1958 ) is an American academic and the 24th dean of the University of Louisville School of Law . Crawford will be the 16th dean of Golden Gate University School of Law , effective summer 2021 .
Education
Crawford earned their Bachelor of Arts from Columbia University in 1980 , a Master of Arts degree from the University of Cambridge , and a Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School .
Career
On February 18 , 2021 , Golden Gate University announced it had hired Crawford as the new dean of its law school .
Crawford became dean of the University of Louisville School of Law on January 1 , 2018 . They were named Dean after a search that lasted nearly five years .
Prior to their position in Louisville , they were the Robert C. Cudd Professor of Environmental Law at Tulane University Law School in New Orleans , Louisiana from 2010 to 2017 . They have also taught at Georgia State University College of Law from 2003 to 2010 , Thomas Jefferson School of Law from 1997 to 2003 , and Brooklyn Law School from 1992 to 1997 .
References
1958 births
Living people
People from Louisville , Kentucky
University of Louisville faculty
Georgia State University faculty
Golden Gate University faculty
Brooklyn Law School faculty
People from Denver
Thomas Jefferson School of Law people
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Harvard Law School alumni
Rooks County ( standard abbreviation : RO ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas . As of the 2020 census , the county population was 4,919 . The county seat is Stockton , and the largest city is Plainville . The county was named for Private John C. Rooks of the 11th Kansas Infantry who died at the Battle of Prairie Grove near Fayetteville , Arkansas , during the Civil War .
History
Early history
For many millennia , the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans . From the 16th century to 18th century , the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America . In 1762 , after the French and Indian War , France secretly ceded New France to Spain , per the Treaty of Fontainebleau .
19th century
In 1802 , Spain returned most of the land to France , but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles . In 1803 , most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre .
In 1854 , the Kansas Territory was organized , then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state . In 1867 , Rooks County was established .
In 1881 , the first county courthouse was built in Stockton . The county jail was built nearby from cottonwood logs strengthened by tons of iron .
20th century
In 1923 , a new courthouse opened in Stockton . The Rooks County Courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.5 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Phillips County ( north )
Smith County ( northeast )
Osborne County ( east )
Ellis County ( south )
Trego County ( southwest )
Graham County ( west )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 5,685 people , 2,362 households , and 1,556 families residing in the county . The population density was 6 people per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . There were 2,758 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 97.13 % White , 1.13 % Black or African American , 0.42 % Native American , 0.19 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 0.37 % from other races , and 0.74 % from two or more races . 1.06 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 2,362 households , out of which 29.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.40 % were married couples living together , 7.20 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 34.10 % were non-families . 31.80 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 18.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.93 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 25.20 % under the age of 18 , 6.40 % from 18 to 24 , 25.50 % from 25 to 44 , 21.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 21.50 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 40 years . For every 100 females there were 98.10 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 94.30 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 30,457 , and the median income for a family was $ 36,931 . Males had a median income of $ 26,794 versus $ 18,389 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 15,588 . About 7.30 % of families and 9.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 9.70 % of those under age 18 and 7.40 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Presidential elections
Rooks County is overwhelmingly Republican . No Democratic presidential candidate has won Rooks County since Franklin D. Roosevelt – ironically against Kansan Alf Landon – carried the county by eighty-five votes in 1936 . The last Democrat to exceed a quarter of the county 's vote was Michael Dukakis in 1988 during a major drought on the Great Plains .
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986 , the county remained a prohibition , or `` dry '' , county until 2000 , when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement .
Education
Unified school districts
Palco USD 269
limited to western edge of county ; includes Palco , Damar and Zurich
Plainville USD 270
southern half of county , except western edge zoned to Palco
Stockton USD 271
northern half of county
Communities
Cities
Damar
Palco
Plainville
Stockton
Woodston
Zurich
Unincorporated communities
Codell
Webster
Townships
Rooks County is divided into twelve townships . None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent , and all figures for the townships include those of the cities . In the following table , the population center is the largest city ( or cities ) included in that township 's population total , if it is of a significant size .
See also
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Rooks County , Kansas ; Geo . A. Ogle & Co ; 67 pages ; 1905 .
External links
County
Rooks County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Rooks County Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
Charles Francis `` Frank '' Keeney Jr. ( March 15 , 1882 – May 22 , 1970 ) was a union organizer during the West Virginia Coal Wars . They served as a rank-and-file leader during the Paint Creek-Cabin Creek strike of 1912–13 and became president of United Mine Workers District 17 from their election in 1916 until 1924 . They played a leadership role during the strike of 1920–21 leading up to the Battle of Blair Mountain .
References
1882 births
1970 deaths
United Mine Workers people
Trade unionists from West Virginia
Ellen Gittelsohn ( born April 12 , 1945 , in New York City , New York ) is an American television director . They have also been credited under the name Ellen Falcon , despite the popular belief that they and Ellen Falcon are two different people .
Since the 1980s , Gittelsohn has amassed a number of television credits . Some of them include Designing Women , The Cosby Show , A Different World , Newhart , Mary , Foley Square , 227 , Roseanne , Major Dad , The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air , Living Single , Friends , Reba , Shake It Up , Two Guys , a Girl and a Pizza Place , Everybody Loves Raymond , Dharma & Greg , One on One , The Suite Life on Deck , and Half & Half .
In 1984 , Gittelsohn earned a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series for the series Buffalo Bill .
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
American television directors
American women television directors
Artists from New York City
Brohl-Lützing is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler ( district )
The rivière du Moulin ( in English : Mill River ) crosses the municipality of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy , in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality , in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches , in Quebec , in Canada .
The confluence of the Moulin river constitutes the source of the Alick River which flows on the south bank of the Rivière du Sud ( Montmagny ) ; the latter first flows southwest , then northeast to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River .
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Moulin river are ː
north side : Alick River , Dominique stream ;
east side : rivière des Cèdres , Noire North-West River ;
south side : Gabriel River ;
west side : rivière du Pin .
The river of the Moulin takes its source from a small lake on the northern slope of a mountain of Notre Dame Mountains , in the fifth rang , north of the village of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy . This source is located on the east side of route 283 and east of the center of the village of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy .
From its source , the Moulin river `` flows over according to the following segments :
north , then west , to the fifth rang road ;
west , to Highway 283 South ;
north-west , crossing route 216 and along 2e rang road ( on the west side ) , to the path of third rang ;
north-west , up to the 1er rang road ;
, up to its confluence which also constitutes the confluence of the Dominique stream . These two confluences form the source of the Alick River .
The confluence of the Moulin River `` is located almost at the limit of the municipalities of Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire and Saint-Paul-de-Montminy . This confluence is located at south of the center of the village of Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire , at east of the village of Sainte-Euphémie-sur-Rivière-du-Sud and north of the center of the village of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy .
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière du Moulin was made official on December 5 , 1968 , at the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
The Unified Team ( ) was the name used for the sports team of the former Soviet Union
( except the Baltic states ) at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville and the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona . The IOC country code was EUN , after the French name , Équipe unifiée . The Unified Team was sometimes informally called the CIS Team ( Commonwealth of Independent States , as a counterpart of CIS national football team taking part in Euro 1992 of the same year ) , although Georgia did not join the CIS until 1993 .
The team finished runner-up in the medal table at the 1992 Winter Games , and became the top ranked team at the 1992 Summer Games , edging its old rival the US in the latter .
Ceremony procedures
At the 1992 Winter Olympics , the National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) of the constituent countries had not yet been affiliated to the IOC due to the dissolution of the Soviet Union having only taken place little more than two months prior . During the opening ceremony , the team 's placard displayed Équipe unifiée in large print , with the names of the six participating countries displayed in smaller print below , and both the French and English announcers announced only the names of the participating countries without announcing the name `` Unified Team '' . Russian flagbearer Valeriy Medvedtsev followed , carrying the Olympic Flag , followed by the team 's athletes in no particular order , each carrying a small flag representing their individual country . At medals ceremonies , the Olympic Flag was used and the Olympic Hymn was played for gold medalists .
By the time of the Summer Olympics , the NOCs had affiliated separately , though they fielded a joint team with a standard uniform as Olympic qualifying rounds had been completed before the final demise of the Soviet Union . During the opening ceremony , the team 's four-sided placard displayed `` Unified Team '' in the four official languages ( French , English , Spanish , and Catalan ) , followed by Russian flagbearer Aleksandr Karelin carrying the Olympic Flag , followed by three more four-sided placards displaying the 12 constituent countries in English , followed by 12 flagbearers carrying the national flags of the 12 countries , followed by the athletes in no particular order . The announcers announced the name `` Unified Team '' in multiple languages , followed by the Spanish announcer announcing all 12 countries . During medals ceremonies , where an EUN individual won a medal , the national flag of the medalist 's nation was raised rather than the Olympic flag , and a gold medalist 's national anthem was played rather than the Olympic Hymn . In team events , the EUN team continued to use the Olympic flag and the Olympic Hymn , as team members represented different nations .
Participating countries
While only six of the EUN countries took part in the 1992 Winter Olympics , all twelve participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics . At the 1994 Winter Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics , the nations that were part of the Unified Team started to make their Olympic debuts as independent countries .
* Unified Team participant in Winter games .
Timeline of participation
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
Medals by Winter Games
Medals by summer sport
Medals by winter sport
Flag bearers
1992 Albertville Winter Olympics - Valeriy Medvedtsev ( Biathlon )
1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics - Aleksandr Karelin ( Wrestling )
See also
Unified Team at the Paralympics
Unified Team of Germany
Independent Olympic Participants at the 1992 Summer Olympics
CIS national football team
Olympic Athletes from Russia
References
External links
Unified Team at multi-sport events
Sport in the Commonwealth of Independent States
Beck : The Eye of the Storm ( ) is a 2009 film about the Swedish police detective Martin Beck , directed by Harald Hamrell . It is the 25th film in the series of chief inspector Martin Beck with Peter Haber in the role of Beck and Mikael Persbrandt as Gunvald Larsson . The producer is Lars Blomgren and production company is Filmlance .
Plot
Martin Beck and their colleagues are linked by the discovery of a burned female body to the hunt for a group of environmentalists engaged in terrorism across borders . Gunvald Larsson knew the woman believed to have been murdered and is suspected by SÄPO ( Swedish Security Services ) of involvement . Whilst the terrorists plan an attack that could have dire consequences officially Gunvald is off the case .
Cast
Peter Haber as Martin Beck
Mikael Persbrandt as Gunvald Larsson
Måns Nathanaelson as Oskar Bergman
Ingvar Hirdwall as Martin Beck 's neighbour
Sven Ahlström as Tore Wiman
Ann-Sofie Rase as Anita Åstrand
Kirsti Torhaug as Kim Reeshaug
Christoffer Hedén as Tom Reeshaug
Daniel Götschenhielm as Lars Behger
Stephen Rappaport
Daniel Goldmann
Suzanna Dilber
Johannes Alfvén
Erik Johansson
Tobias Aspelin
Marianne Sand Näslund
Leila Haji as Merlina
References
External links
2009 television films
2009 films
2000s Swedish-language films
2000s crime films
Martin Beck films
Films directed by Harald Hamrell
2000s police procedural films
2000s Swedish films
Polyortha sagax is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Bolivia .
References
Moths described in 1984
Polyortha
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Live at Sweet Basil may refer to :
Live at Sweet Basil ( McCoy Tyner album ) , 1989
Live at Sweet Basil ( Gil Evans album ) ( recorded in 1984 - released 1986 )
Live at Sweet Basil Vol . 2 , by Gil Evans ( released 1987 )
Live at Sweet Basil ( Paul Bley album ) ( 1988 )
Live at Sweet Basil Volume 1 , a 1984 recording by David Murray
Live at Sweet Basil Volume 2 , a 1984 recording by David Murray
The Super Quartet Live at Sweet Basil , a 1987 recording by Mal Waldron featuring Steve Lacy
Live at Sweet Basil ( Steve Lacy album ) , 1991
See also
Solar : Live at Sweet Basil , a 1991 recording by McCoy Tyner
Martin Ehrenreich ( born May 10 , 1983 ) is an Austrian footballer , who plays as a centre back for USV Hof and is also the team manager of SK Sturm Graz .
Career
Club career
Ehrenreich started their career at DSV Leoben , for which they played until the winter break of 2002/2003 . In January 2003 they moved to FC St. Veit . After the end of the season they moved on to SV Bad Aussee , for which they completed one season . In 2004/05 they moved to FC Lustenau 07 and also played one season there . Then they came back to Styria for FC Gratkorn .
At the end of the 2008/09 season they moved to the two-time Austrian champions SK Sturm Graz . Ehrenreich made their Austrian Bundesliga debut on August 30 , 2009 in a 2-1 away win over SV Ried , which suffered a defeat for the first time after more than 20 unbeaten home games in a row . In the game they were substituted on in the 81st minute for Andreas Hölzl and five minutes later gave the also substitute Haris Bukva the winning ball for the 2-1 goal . Ehrenreich scored their first two goals in the Bundesliga on November 27 , 2011 when they played against Admira Wacker . After their substitution at break , they scored two goals within eleven minutes .
Later career
In the summer of 2016 , they finished their professional career , in order to switch to the management of SK Sturm and continue to play for the club 's reserve team . Since then they became involved in marketing and sponsoring at the club , as a part of the club 's marketing staff .
In the summer 2019 , Ehrenreich was appointed assistant coach of the club 's reserve team , which they also still was active for as a player . A year later , in the summer 2020 , Ehrenreich moved to USV Hof and was , at the same time , also hired in a new role at Sturm as team manager for the club 's team in the Austrian Bundesliga .
References
1983 births
Living people
DSV Leoben players
FC St. Veit players
SV Bad Aussee players
FC Lustenau players
FC Gratkorn players
SK Sturm Graz players
Austrian footballers
Association football defenders
Mauro Checcoli ( born 1 March 1943 ) is an Italian equestrian and Olympic champion from Bologna . They won an individual gold medal in eventing at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo . They were also a member of the Italian team that received a gold medal in team eventing at the same Olympics .
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bologna
Olympic equestrians of Italy
Italian male equestrians
Equestrians at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Equestrians at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Equestrians at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in equestrian
Italian event riders
Medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Korucuk is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Seben District
Matthew Dean Nuthall ( born 6 July 1983 , in Pontypridd , Wales ) , is a rugby union player for Pontypridd RFC in the Principality Premiership . Matthew shot to fame at the end of the 2001/02 season with a man of the match performance in their first ever senior outing for Pontypridd against Bridgend . Their rise to stardom continued with a place in the Ponty team which clinched the 2002 Welsh Cup against Llanelli , whilst still qualified at the youth age level . Matthew was drafted into the Celtic Warriors regional squad in 2003 , but turning out regularly for Pontypridd at club level .
Following a spell contracted to the Cardiff Blues , and turning out for Cardiff RFC in the Premiership , Matthew returned to Ponty for the 2005 - 2006 campaign , scoring a crucial try in the club 's victorious Konica Minolta Cup Final appearance . In the summer of 2006 Matthew Nuthall once more moved on from Sardis Road , joining up with the Pertemps Bees in English League division two . From Pertemps Bees they moved to Neath , before once again re-joining their hometown club in the summer of 2009 .
Currently a player coach at Caerphilly RFC
References
1983 births
Living people
Pontypridd RFC players
Welsh rugby union players
Rugby union players from Pontypridd
Birmingham & Solihull R.F.C . players
Rugby union wings
This is a list of fictional characters from DC Comics who are enemies of the Metal Men .
List
In alphabetical order ( with issue and date of first appearance ) :
References
Lists of DC Comics characters
Lists of DC Comics supervillains
-Enemies
The Rue Victor Hugo ( French ) or Victor Hugostraat ( Dutch ) is a street in the Schaerbeek municipality of Brussels , Belgium . It is named after the French writer Victor Hugo , who spent their exile of 1851 to 1870 in Brussels . It runs from the / to the / .
Notable addresses
No . 53–59 : building of the Foyer Schaerbeekois , by the architect Henri Jacobs
No . 100 : Collège Roi Baudouin
No . 147 : Church of St. Albert
External links
Satellite view of the street on WikiMapia
Victor Hugo
Schaerbeek
Gina Athena Ulysse is a Haitian-American anthropologist , feminist , poet , performance artist and activist . Professor Ulysse earned their Ph.D. in anthropology from the University of Michigan . They are currently a full professor of anthropology at Wesleyan University in Middletown , Connecticut . They joined the Feminist Studies department at UC Santa Cruz in Fall 2020 . Ulysse is most known for their 2015 book Why Haiti Needs New Narratives : A Post-Quake Chronicle .
They are a feminist artist-anthropologist-activist , and self-described Post-Zora Interventionist . An interdisciplinary methodologist , their research interests culminate at the intersections of geopolitics , historical representations and the dailiness of Black diasporic conditions .
Publications
`` Because When God Is Too Busy : Haiti , Me , & The World '' is a one-woman show written and performed by Ulysse that combines history , theory , and personal narrative in spoken word with Vodou chants to reflect on childhood memories , social justice , spirituality , and the incessant dehumanization of Haitians . Because When God is Too Busy : Haiti , me & THE WORLD was published in book form on April 7 , 2017 . The book won the 2018 Connecticut Center for the book Award in poetry , and was longlisted for a 2017 PEN Open Book
Award .
Them first monograph , based on their dissertation research , Downtown Ladies : Informal Commercial Importing , A Haitian Anthropologist and Self-Making in Jamaica ( Chicago , 2007 ) , received honorable mention in the Caribbean Studies Association Book Prize . Them second book , Why Haiti Needs New Narratives : A Post Quake Chronicle ( Wesleyan , 2015 ) was published as a tri-lingual edition in English , Kreyòl and French . In addition to several anthologies , their prose and other short form writing has appeared in the referred journals : AnthroNow , Feminist Studies , Gastronomica , Journal of Haitian Studies , Liminalities , PoemMemoirStory , Souls , and Transition Magazine .
Education
Ulysse holds a BA from Upsala College , an MA from University of Michigan , and a PHD from University of Michigan .
Awards
In 2010 , they were awarded the Ronald C. Foreman Jr. Lecture Award for Academic Excellence and Social Responsibility by the African-American Studies Program at University of Florida . In 2015 , they were the recipient of Wesleyan 's Binzwanger Prize for Excellence in Teaching , as well as the Haitian Studies Association 's ( HSA ) Excellence in Scholarship awards . In 2018 , for recognition of their various works in the public sphere , they were awarded the Anthropology in the Media Award ( AIME ) by the American Anthropological Association .
References
American anthropologists
American women anthropologists
American women poets
Haitian anthropologists
Haitian women anthropologists
Living people
Wesleyan University faculty
University of Michigan alumni
1966 births
American women academics
21st-century American women
Pinguicula conzattii is an insectivorous plant of the genus Pinguicula native to the Mexican state of Oaxaca , a member of the section Heterophyllum . Closely related to Pinguicula mirandae , it is notable for being pubescent on both sides of its winter leaves . It is named in honour of Cassiano Conzatti , an Italian-born botanist who spent most of their life in Mexico .
Morphology
Pinguicula conzattii is a perennial rosetted herb bearing stiff , ground-hugging rotund 28–50 mm . ( 1-2 in . ) long leaves borne on 10–20 mm . ( ⅜–⅞ in ) petioles . These are densely covered with stalked mucilaginous and sessile digestive glands , which serve to trap and digest insect prey and absorb the resulting nutrient mixture to supplement their nitrate-low environment . During dryer winter conditions when food is scarce , P. conzattii forms winter rosettes of short , non-carnivorous leaves to decrease the loss of energy used on carnivorous mechanisms , showing clearly the cost of carnivory .
The flowers are white to violet , and appear at the onset of succulent non-carnivorous winter rosette in November .
Distribution and habitat
Pinguicula conzattii is known only from its type location near Santiago Nuyoo in the district of Tlaxiaco in the Mexican state of Oaxaca . Here it grows on well-shaded vertical rock walls at around 2700 m. in altitude . Although it appears to have an extremely restricted distribution , little is yet known about this species .
References
conzattii
Endemic flora of Mexico
Flora of Oaxaca
Carnivorous plants of North America
Plants described in 2003
The McDonnell F3H Demon is a subsonic swept-wing United States Navy carrier-based jet fighter aircraft . The successor to the F2H Banshee , the Demon was originally designed to use the Westinghouse J40 engine , but had to be redesigned to accept the Allison J71 after the J40 suffered severe problems and was ultimately abandoned . Though it lacked sufficient power for supersonic performance , it complemented day fighters such as the Vought F8U Crusader and Grumman F11F Tiger as an all-weather , missile-armed interceptor until 1964 .
It was withdrawn before it could serve in Vietnam when both it and the Crusader were replaced on Forrestal-class and similar supercarriers by the McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II . McDonnell 's Phantom , which was equally capable against ground , fighter , and bomber targets , bears a strong family resemblance , as it was conceived as an advanced development of the Demon . The supersonic United States Air Force F-101 Voodoo was similar in layout , but was derived from the earlier XF-88 Voodoo , which also influenced the Demon 's layout .
Development
Development work began in 1949 , using a swept wing from the start rather than adapting a straight-winged design as was done with the Grumman F9F Panther . A competing contract was also awarded for the delta wing Douglas F4D Skyray . The Skyray , with a top speed of , would become the Navy 's first fighter to fly supersonic in level flight , while the Demon would never reach that level of performance . The original design work was based at its predecessor , the F2H Banshee . However , departing from its tradition of using two engines , the Demon would result in McDonnell 's only single-engined carrier-based fighter , adopting under some Navy pressure , the Westinghouse J40 engine . That engine was being promoted by the Navy for its next generation of aircraft , and was to have thrust of over 11,000 lbf ( 49 kN ) —three times that of the engines in the F2H Banshee . It was the first swept-wing design produced by McDonnell and among the first U.S. aircraft to have missile armament .
The Navy desperately needed a high performance fighter to meet the challenge of the swept-wing MiG-15 encountered over Korea . Production of the F3H-1N was hastily ordered even before the first flight of the XF3H-1 prototype on 7 August 1951 by test pilot Robert Edholm . The first test flights of the operational design did not occur until January 1953 , by which time the Korean War was winding down .
The F3H Demon was originally designed around Navy 's ambitious new Westinghouse J40 which was to offer enough power to use just one engine in a number of new aircraft designs . But the engine would ultimately fail to produce the promised thrust or run reliably . The engine was a major disappointment , producing only half of the expected power . Worse , it was temperamental and unreliable . Of 35 F3H-1N aircraft flown with the J40 engine , eight were involved in major accidents . The first production Demons were grounded after the loss of six aircraft and four pilots . Time magazine called the Navy 's grounding of all Westinghouse-powered F3H-1 Demons a `` fiasco '' , with 21 unflyable planes that could be used only for Navy ground training at a loss of $ 200 million . One high point of the J40 was the 1955 setting of an unofficial time-to-climb record , in a Demon , of in 71 seconds . The proposed F3H-1P reconnaissance version was never built . The J40 program was terminated sometime in 1955 .
All the aircraft it was to power were either canceled or redesigned to use other engines , notably the J57 and the J71 . The F4D Skyray had been designed to accept larger engines in case the J40 did not work out , and was eventually powered by the Pratt & Whitney J57 . But no other engine could simply be fitted into the old Demons , as both the wings and fuselage would have to be redesigned and enlarged . The best alternative turned out to be the Allison J71 engine which was also used in the Douglas B-66 Destroyer . Subsequent F3Hs with this powerplant were designated the F3H-2N . In service , the J71 proved problematic , providing insufficient power for an aircraft of the Demon 's size . The engine also suffered from frequent flameouts and compressor stalls . The first J71-powered Demon flew in October 1954 . Another significant problem was the reliability of the ejection seats : initial versions were found to be unreliable and were eventually replaced with Martin-Baker ejection seats that were becoming the standard Navy seat of choice due to their higher performance at low altitude and better reliability .
Despite the problems , the Navy ordered 239 F3H-2s , and the first were deployed in March 1956 . 519 Demons were built up to the end of production in November 1959 . It was not the Navy 's first all-weather interceptor with radar ( the/APG-51 air interception set was used first on the F2H-4 Banshee ) . The F3H-2 Demon had the/APG-51A , later upgraded to the 51-B version with a tunable magnetron then on to 51-C with better counter-measures in the receiver .
The F3H-2N 's standard armament was four 20 mm ( .79 in ) Colt Mk 12 cannons . In later years , the upper two cannons were often omitted to save weight . Later models , redesignated F3H-2M , were equipped to fire the Raytheon AAM-N-2 Sparrow and later the Sidewinder air-to-air missiles . Deployed aircraft carried both types of missiles , the Sparrow on the inboard rails and the Sidewinder outboard . Cannons were not used in carrier air defense applications , but they were installed and armed when situations ( such as the Cuban Missile Crisis ) dictated , and where the aircraft might be deployed against surface targets .
A reconnaissance version , the F3H-2P , was proposed , but never built . It remained the Navy 's front-line fighter until 1962 , when it was succeeded by the F-4 Phantom II ( which was a development of a proposed `` Super Demon '' , a larger and much heavier version of the F3H ) . Developed during the Korean War to counter the MiG-15 , it did not claim any aerial victories with missiles or dogfights , although it flew over Lebanon and Quemoy in 1958 .
In 1962 , the F3H was redesignated F-3 . The F3H-2N became the F-3C , the F3H-2M became MF-3B , and the F3H-2 changed to F-3B .
The last Demon-equipped squadron , VF-161 'Chargers ' , traded their F-3s for F-4 Phantom IIs in September 1964 .
Due to excellent visibility from the cockpit , the Demon earned the nickname `` The Chair '' . Demon pilots were known colloquially as `` Demon Drivers '' and those who worked on the aircraft were known as `` Demon Doctors '' . The unfavorable power-to-weight ratio gave rise to the less flattering nickname `` lead sled '' , sometimes shortened to `` sled '' .
Variants
XF3H-1
Prototype single-seat clear-weather interceptor fighter . Powered by ( with afterburner ) Westinghouse XJ40-WE-6 engine . Two built .
F3H-1N
Initial production version . Single-seat all-weather fighter version , powered by ( with afterburner ) J40-WE-22 engine . 58 built .
F3H-1P
Proposed reconnaissance version of F3H-1 . Never built .
F3H-2N
All-weather fighter powered by ( Allison J71-A-2 engine and equipped to carry AIM-9 Sidewinder air-to-air missiles . 239 built . Redesignated F-3C in 1962 .
F3H-2M
Derivative of F3H-2N armed with four AIM-7 Sparrow air-to-air missiles . 80 built . Redesignated MF-3B in 1962 .
F3H-2
Single-seat strike fighter version , retaining Sidewinder and Sparrow capability of the −2M/N and adding payload of 6,000 lb ( 2,730 kg ) bombs or rockets . 239 built . Redesignated F-3B in 1962 .
F3H-2P
Proposed photo-reconnaissance version of −2 . Unbuilt .
F3H-3
Proposed version with the General Electric J73 engine . Unbuilt .
Operators
United States Navy
Aircraft on display
F3H-2M
BuNo 137078 - National Museum Naval Aviation at Naval Air Station Pensacola , Florida .
F3H-2N
BuNo 133566 - USS Intrepid Museum in New York City , New York .
BuNo 145221 - Pima Air & Space Museum , adjacent to Davis-Monthan AFB in Tucson , Arizona .
Specifications ( F3H-2 )
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Angelucci , Enzo and Peter M. Bowers . The American Fighter . Sparkford , Somerset , UK : Haynes Publishing Group , 1987. .
Dorr , Robert F. `` McDonnell F3H Demon '' . Aeroplane , Volume 36 , No . 3 , March 2008 , pp . 58–73 . London : IBC .
Elward , Brad A. and Peter Davies . US Navy F-4 Phantom II MiG Killers 1965–70 , Part 1 ( Osprey Combat Aircraft ) . London : Osprey Publishing , 2001. .
Gunston , Bill . Fighters of the Fifties . Cambridge , UK : Patrick Stephens Limited , 1981. .
`` Naval Aircraft : Demon '' . Naval Aviation News , March 1974 , pp . 22–23 .
Spick , Mike . `` A Demon Possessed '' . Air Enthusiast , Forty-three , 1991 , pp . 40–49 . Stamford , UK : Key Publishing . ISSN 0143-5450 .
External links
F3H Demon Index
Modeling Madness Demon History
Demon Drivers
Bob Jellison 's F3H Demon
Global Security
Carrier-based aircraft
F3H Demon
McDonnell F03H Demon
Low-wing aircraft
Single-engined jet aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1951
Second-generation jet fighters
Tyler Everingham ( born 7 January 2001 ) is a racing driver from Australia . They currently compete in the Super2 Series for MW Motorsport . In 2019 , they were awarded the Mike Kable Young Gun Award .
Career results
Career Summary
* Season in progress
Super2 Series results
( key ) ( Race results only )
Supercars Championship results
Complete Bathurst 12 Hour results
Complete Bathurst 1000 results
References
External links
Supercars Official Profile
2001 births
Living people
Australian racing drivers
Formula 4 drivers
Supercars Championship drivers
People from Dubbo
Racing drivers from New South Wales
Australian Endurance Championship drivers
Garry Rogers Motorsport drivers
Tallaboa Poniente is a barrio in the municipality of Peñuelas , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 696 .
History
Tallaboa was an important village , led by `` beloved caciques '' , before the Spanish and European colonization of Puerto Rico in the late 15th century .
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Tallaboa Poniente barrio was 874 .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Peñuelas , Puerto Rico
Victor Santiago Pineda ( born November 17 , 1978 ) is a Venezuela-born social development scholar , serial social impact entrepreneur and disability rights expert . They are also an international speaker and consultant on accessibility related issues .
Early in their career , they served as the youngest government delegate to participate in the drafting of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and thereafter launched the World Enabled Global Initiative , a disability affiliate program that combines the reach of the world 's most active disabled persons ' organizations ( DPOs ) and intergovernmental agencies . They also launched the Pineda Foundation , a voluntary non-profit that promotes the rights and dignities of young people with disabilities . Both were established in 2003 .
Background
Victor Santiago Pineda was born in Caracas , Venezuela , to , Julio Cesar Pineda , a law professor , TV anchor of Globovision and former Venezuelan Ambassador to Kuwait , South Korea , and Libya and Dubravka Purkarevic , a visiting professor at the US Naval Postgraduate School ( NPS ) and former Miss Venezuela . At the age of two , Pineda was hospitalized with a high fever and for the next five years they demonstrated gradual weakening of their skeletal muscles . By age four , their weakened muscles caused them to fall repeatedly and by age seven , they stopped walking completely . Their muscular deterioration would continue and eventually affect their breathing . By the time they were in high school , they needed to use a ventilator at night , and by the time they started their doctoral program in their late-twenties , they required a ventilator twenty-four hours per day .
As a child , Pineda was diagnosed with spinal muscular atrophy ( SMA-Type II ) , a form of muscular dystrophy . However , as an adult , they were examined by a neurophysiologist who , with the use of electromyography , determined that there was no evidence to suggest Spinal muscular atrophy . The specific cause of Pineda 's muscle weakness was identified as collagenopathy VI , resulting from an extremely rare genetic mutation .
Education and advocacy
Pineda attended Corona Del Mar High School in Newport Beach , California , and was selected by their graduating class as a commencement speaker . Upon graduating in 1997 , Pineda attended the California Youth Leadership Forum for Students with Disabilities ( YLF ) . As a first-year student at the University of California Berkeley , they received specialized support services provided by the Disabled Students Office ( DSP ) and participated in the Disabled Students Residence Program ( DSRP ) .
While at UC Berkeley was elected senator for the ASUC student government , defended ethnic studies , and helped resurrect the long dormant Disabled Students Union ( DSU ) . During this time they established the Disability Media Initiative ( DMI ) and the Pineda Foundation to provide 21st century workforce skills to youth with disabilities . Pineda earned a B.A . in political economy , a B.S . in business administration and , eventually , a master 's degree in city and regional planning ( MCP ) with a concentration in regional economic development . They then accepted an internship in Washington , D.C. , where they served as a summer associate at the US Treasury 's Department of International Affairs .
In 2006 , Pineda received a graduate equity and diversity fellowship to pursue a doctoral degree in urban planning at the Luskin School for Public Affairs at the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) where they wrote their doctoral dissertation in the field of social policy formation . In 2009 , they were awarded the US Department of Education 's Fulbright-Hays Doctoral Dissertation Research Abroad Fellowship and the Sheikh Saud Qassimi Public Policy Fellowship at the Dubai School of Government . Their dissertation made theoretical , methodological and empirical contributions to the fields of urban planning , human rights , and development . Pineda received their PhD with distinction in 2010 for their dissertation entitled , The Capability Model of Disability : Assessing the Success of UAE Federal Law No . 29 of 2006 in the Emirate of Dubai .
Philanthropy
As a student at UC Berkeley , Pineda received an award for a short form documentary they directed about life in Cuba . and has subsequently used film as a platform to discuss human rights issues in Serbia , Bosnia , Thailand , Yemen , Kenya , Syria , Qatar , Armenia and other parts of the world .
Pineda formed an artist collective called , Babylon Arts Group that featured noted artists like Jasko Begovic . The mission of the group was to aid in the development of artists across a variety of disciplines including literature , music , film , and textile arts .
Through the Pineda Foundation , Pineda has helped direct 2.5 million dollars towards programs that support youth with disabilities . Through successful partnerships with UNICEF , UNESCO , the World Bank , the Pineda Foundation has elevated global attention on including youth with disabilities into development programs . Among the foundation 's most significant accomplishments are the creation of `` It 's Our Story '' , the US National Flagship project that contains over 1,300 video testimonials and thousands of still photos on the current experience of living in America with a disability , the launch of World Enabled ( WE ) as a platform for information and inspiration sharing innovative user generated videos and success stories for disabled youth , and the Open Hands Initiative Comic Book , which launched in Damascus , Syria on August 1 , 2010 , and brought together disabled rights advocates from the US and Syria to work with disabled Syrian children to develop a new comic book character . Co-sponsored by Liquid Comics , with the endorsement of former President Bill Clinton , the project led to the creation of the comic book , Silver Scorpion .
Publications
Pineda has authored work for diverse audiences from children 's material to academic journals to the mainstream media . Through a partnership between their World Enabled Initiative and UNICEF , in 2007 Pineda authored an educational publication for children , `` It 's About Ability '' , to generate increased attention on youth with disabilities and to explain the Convention on the Rights of Persons With Disabilities . The booklet was translated in 8 languages ( English , French , Spanish , Japanese , Khmer , Russian , Arabic , Serbian ) with the goal of teaching disabled children about their rights . In 2010 , Pineda published a substantial research project , The Capability Model of Disability : Assessing the Success of UAE Federal Law No . 29 of 2006 in the Emirate of Dubai ' , for their dissertation .
Awards and honors
In 2009 , Pineda was awarded the American Association of People with Disabilities ( AAPD ) Paul G. Hearne Award . Pineda 's `` It 's About Ability '' project was honored on February 17 , 2011 , in Montenegro for the Best Humanitarian Action by UNICEF . Also in 2011 , they received the prestigious Mark Bingham Award for Excellence in Achievement by a Young Alumnus/a , Cal Alumni Association for their work in education and human rights .
References
Disability rights activists from the United States
1978 births
Living people
Venezuelan emigrants to the United States
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
University of California , Berkeley alumni
People from Caracas
The Singapore Open is a badminton event that has been held in Singapore annually since 1929 . Badminton World Federation categorized Singapore Open as one of the seven BWF World Tour Super 500 events in the BWF events structure since 2018 . In 2023 , the tournament will be upgraded to a Super 750 event .
In 1929 , the Singapore Badminton Association ( SBA ) was established to promote the sport and organise competitions . Its first official annual open championships was held in that same year with the best players chosen to represent Singapore in the regional tournaments . In 1957 , it became an open invitation championship and was held annually until 1973 . In 1987–1989 , the tournament was known as the Konica Cup , an invitation championship exclusively for Asian players , and in 1990 , for the first time entered the International Badminton Federation Grand Prix circuit . In 2007 , Singapore Open was part of the BWF Super Series event .
Venues for the Championships
The tournament has been historically held at six main venues , and is now played at Singapore Indoor Stadium in Kallang , Singapore .
Past winners
Performances by nation
See also
List of Singapore Open men 's singles champions
List of Singapore Open women 's singles champions
List of Singapore Open men 's doubles champions
List of Singapore Open women 's doubles champions
List of Singapore Open mixed doubles champions
Note
References
External links
Official website
Smash : Singapore Open
Badminton tournaments in Singapore
Recurring sporting events established in 1929
1929 establishments in Singapore
This is the list of awards and nominations received by Taiwanese singer Jay Chou .
Golden Horse Awards
The Golden Horse Awards ( ) are presented annually by the Government Information Office of Republic of China ( Taiwan ) . It recognises achievement in filmmaking and is Taiwan 's equivalent to Academy Awards and BAFTA .
Golden Melody Awards
The Golden Melody Awards ( ) are presented annually by the Government Information Office of Republic of China ( Taiwan ) . It recognises achievement in music production and is Taiwan 's equivalent to the Grammy Awards . Since their debut in 2000 , they have received 15 awards from 49 nominations .
Hong Kong Film Awards
The Hong Kong Film Awards ( ) , founded in 1982 and presented annually in April , recognizes achievement in filmmaking and is Hong Kong 's equivalent to Academy Awards and BAFTA .
MTV Movie & TV Awards
The MTV Movie & TV Awards ( formerly known as the MTV Movie Awards ) is a film and television awards show presented annually on MTV .
World Music Awards
The World Music Awards is an international awards show founded in 1989 that annually honors recording artists based on worldwide sales figures provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) .
MTV Video Music Awards Japan
MTV VMAJ was started in 2002 .
References
Awards
Chou , Jay
Lists of awards received by Mandopop artist
Jeremy Andrew Harris , ( born 5 April 1965 ) , is the current Commissioner of the Garda Síochána in Ireland , having assumed office in September 2018 . They previously served as Deputy Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) from 2014 to 2018 .
Biography
Harris joined the Royal Ulster Constabulary ( RUC ) in 1983 , rising to become Deputy Chief Constable of the PSNI in October 2014 .
Their father , Alwyn Harris , a senior RUC officer was murdered by the Provisional IRA in 1989 .
Following an international selection process , which included a salary increase to €250,000 to attract interest , Harris was announced as the new Garda Commissioner on 26 June 2018 , becoming the first Commissioner to be appointed from outside the Garda Síochána . They took over the leadership of the Garda Síochána from Dónall Ó Cualáin , who had served as acting Garda Commissioner since the resignation of Nóirín O'Sullivan in September 2017 , following a number of Garda scandals . Their appointment as Garda Commissioner is for five years .
They are married with four children and holds a master 's degree in Criminology from the University of Cambridge .
References
1965 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Garda Commissioners
Police Service of Northern Ireland officers
Royal Ulster Constabulary officers
British police chief officers
Police officers from Belfast
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Northern Irish recipients of the Queen 's Police Medal
The 2016 Kurume Best Amenity Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts . It was the twelfth edition of the tournament and part of the 2016 ITF Women 's Circuit , offering a total of $ 50,000 in prize money . It took place in Kurume , Japan , on 16–22 May 2016 .
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 9 May 2016 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Sari Baba
Kanae Hisami
Suzuho Oshino
Kimika Sakata
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Mana Ayukawa
Yuki Chiang
Mai Minokoshi
Akiko Omae
Champions
Singles
Kyōka Okamura def . Nigina Abduraimova , 7–6 ( 12–10 ) , 1–6 , 7–5
Doubles
Hsu Ching-wen / Ksenia Lykina def . Dalma Gálfi / Xu Shilin , 7–6 ( 7–5 ) , 6–2
External links
2016 Kurume Best Amenity Cup at ITFtennis.com
Official website
2016 ITF Women 's Circuit
2016 in Japanese tennis
Kurume Best Amenity Cup
The Order of the White Eagle ( ) is Poland 's highest order awarded to both civilians and the military for their merits . It was officially instituted on 1 November 1705 by king Augustus II the Strong of Poland and elector of Saxony and bestowed on eight of their closest diplomatic and political supporters . It is one of the oldest distinctions in the world still in use .
It is awarded to the most distinguished Poles and the highest-ranking representatives of foreign countries . The Order of the White Eagle is attached to a purple ribbon slung over the left shoulder to the right side . The star of the Order , once embroidered , is worn on the left side of the chest .
History
The badge of the Order of the White Eagle was originally a red enamel oval gold medal with an image of the Polish white eagle on its front side , and the royal cypher of Augustus II the Strong over crossed swords on its reverse side , worn on a light blue ribbon . The white eagle badge was replaced by a Maltese cross badge in 1709 . By 1713 it was worn from the neck , with a blue sash , and a star . Augustus limited the number of knights to 72 , but only conferred the Order 40 times before their death in 1733 . Their son , Augustus III , however , awarded the Order more than three hundred times . Augustus may have been inspired to found the Order by the example of Peter the Great 's recent founding of the Russian Order of Saint Andrew ( of which they themselves had been made one of the first knights by the Russian emperor ) , and above all by the example of the prestigious French Order of the Holy Spirit , with which the light blue ribbon , and the star with a bird , have a strong resemblance , and which had also inspired Peter the Great 's Order of Saint Andrew .
Initially the creation of the Order was strongly opposed by many of the Polish nobility , since membership in the Order conferred a distinction which violated the traditional equality of all Polish nobles . Since the Order had no patron saint , Augustus II made 2 August the feast of the Order . Their son , Augustus III , however , changed the Order 's feast day to 3 August .
Under the Third Partition of Poland in 1795 , the Order was abolished . It was renewed in 1807 as the highest award of the Duchy of Warsaw . From 1815 to 1831 , it was awarded by the Russian-controlled Kingdom of Poland .
After Russian troops put down the Polish uprising of 1830-31 , the Order of the White Eagle was officially `` annexed '' by Nicholas I , and on 17 November 1831 became part of the Russian Imperial honors system . The insignia of this new Imperial Russian Order of the White Eagle was modified to more closely resemble those of Russian orders . It remained in this form until the Russian Revolution of 1917 , in which the Russian Empire fell .
The Order of the White Eagle officially became Poland 's highest decoration by act of Parliament of 4 February 1921 , and the insignia was redesigned . During the interbellum ( 1921-1939 ) , the Order was awarded to 24 Polish citizens and 87 foreigners , among whom were 33 monarchs and heads of state , 10 prime ministers and 15 other ministers of state , and 12 members of royal families .
After 1948 , when the Polish People 's Republic came into existence , the Order of the White Eagle was no longer awarded , but it was never officially abolished . It was also used by the Polish Government in Exile . Following the collapse of Communism , the Order was once again reinstated on 26 October 1992 , the Polish Government-in-Exile having already presented the seal and archives of the Order to Lech Wałęsa . The first person to be awarded the White Eagle after its reinstatement was Pope John Paul II . The President of Poland as the country 's head of state is the Grand Master of the Order .
1713 Insignia
The 1713 badge was a Maltese cross enameled red with white borders with diamonds set in each of the balls at the eight points of the cross and with diamond set rays appearing between each of the points of the cross , i.e. , a larger longer ray between each arm of the cross and a smaller ray between each of the two points of these arms . In the centre of the cross was a white enamelled eagle in high relief with spread wings and facing left and with a diamond set royal crown on its head . At the top of the cross between the two top points was a diamond studded semi-circular link through which passed a diamond studded ring through which , in turn , passed the light-blue ribbon from which it was worn . The reverse side of this Maltese cross was enamelled white with red borders and had at its center an oval gold medallion with the founder 's crowned royal cypher above two crossed swords taken from their arms as the Arch-Marshall of the Holy Roman Empire .
The star of the order consisted of an eight-pointed gold star with straight rays which bore a red-bordered white enamelled cross pattée with golden rays between the arms and with a golden rosette at its centre . The arms of this cross pattée bore the motto `` Pro Fide , Lege et Rege '' ( For Faith , Law and the King ) in golden letters .
The King of Poland could also wear the cross from a collar of 24 alternating links of white enameled eagles , crowned and holding scepters and orbs , and dark blue enameled ovals , surrounded by gold rays , bearing alternatively full-length enamelled images of the Virgin Mary crowned , dressed in pink and pale blue and supporting the Christ Child on their left arm and holding a gold scepter in their right hand and the letters of their name , `` MARIA '' , arranged into a stylized monogram in white enamel . This collar was made for the coronation of Stanisław II Augustus , the last King of Poland , but the coat of arms of the founder , Augustus the Strong , show the cross of the Order hanging from a collar of a very different design .
Insignia during the Partitions
The badge of the order consisted of a gold crowned double-headed eagle enamelled in black , with a cross superimposed upon its chest : this was a gold Maltese cross enamelled in red with white enamel outline and golden rays between the arms . A white enamel crowned eagle with spread wings , facing left ( the coat-of-arms of Poland ) was superimposed on the cross . On its reverse side the double-headed eagle bore in the center of its back a diminutive red-bordered white-enamelled cross pattée with a gold rosette at its center gold rays between its arms . The black double-headed eagle hung by its two crowned heads from an enamelled Russian imperial crown , which , in turn , hung from a dark blue silk moire ribbon .
The star of the order consisted of an eight-pointed gold star with straight rays ; the central golden disc bore a red-bordered white enamelled cross pattée with a golden rosette at its center and golden rays between the arms , surrounded by a blue enamel ring bearing the motto `` Pro Fide , Lege et Rege '' ( For Faith , Law and the King ) .
Insignia after 1921
The badge of the order consists of a gold Maltese cross enamelled in red with white enamel outline and with golden palmette-like rays between the arms . A white enamel crowned eagle with spread wings , facing left ( the coat-of-arms of Poland ) is superimposed on the cross . It is worn on a plain light blue sash . This design clearly reflects a return to the essential design of the 1713 badge , but without the diamonds of the earlier badge . The reverse side of the badge bears the same Maltese Cross with golden rays as the front side and this cross bears the same design as that of the star of the order ( see below ) , except that the arms of the cross are not enamelled red , i. e. , only the outline of the cross and its central disc with its surrounding oak wreath are enamelled . The star or plaque of the order consists of an eight-pointed silver star with straight rays , with a gold Maltese cross , enamelled in red with white enamel outline and with golden palmette-like rays between the arms , superimposed upon it . The motto of the order , „ Za Ojczyznę i Naród ” ( `` For Fatherland and Nation '' ) , appears on the arms of the cross . The central disc is in white enamel with the monogram `` RP '' ( Rzeczpospolita Polska ) surrounded by a green enamelled oak wreath .
Recipients of the Order
This is a list of some of those who have been invested in the Order , now awarded in recognition of significant service , both military and civil , in the interests of Poland .
From Poland
Others
See also
Polish military eagle
2019 Dresden heist
Orders , decorations , and medals of Poland
References
External links
The Order of the White Eagle by Rafal Heydel-Mankoo
Picture of the Order of the White Eagle
Awards established in 1705
White Eagle ( Poland ) , Order of the
1705 establishments in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
Carl K. Kabat ( October 10 , 1933 – August 4 , 2022 ) was an American priest of the Catholic religious order Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate , best known for their eccentric , nonviolent protests against nuclear weapons . They served more than 17 years total in prison over their lifetime .
Early life
Kabat was born on October 10 , 1933 , on a farm in Scheller , Jefferson County , Illinois , United States , the third of five children . They dropped out of the University of Illinois where they were a pre-med student . They were ordained to the priesthood in 1959 one year after their elder brother Paul , a member of the same order . They served as a missionary first in the Philippines and then in Brazil .
Activism
On September 9 , 1980 , Kabat and seven others ( known as the Plowshares Eight ) entered the General Electric Re-entry Systems Building in King of Prussia , Pennsylvania , where Mark 12A reentry vehicles were made . They damaged two vehicles , poured blood on documents , and prayed for peace . They were arrested and initially charged with burglary and other charges .
In February 1981 , they underwent a jury trial in Norristown , Pennsylvania . During their trial they were denied a justification defense and did not present expert testimony . Due to the Court 's suppression of individual testimony about the Mark 12A and U.S. nuclear war-fighting policies , four left the trial and returned to witness at General Electric . They were re-arrested and returned to court . They were convicted by a jury of burglary , conspiracy , and criminal mischief and sentenced to prison terms of five to ten years . They appealed and the Pennsylvania Superior Court reversed their convictions in February 1984 . In November 1984 , Kabat was one of four protesters who cut through a chained fence and broke into a Minuteman II silo 30 miles east of Kansas City , Missouri . They were arrested while sitting in a circle , singing , and holding hands . For that protest , Kabat received an 18-year prison sentence and served 10 years .
Following a ruling in the fall of 1985 by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court in favor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on certain issues ( including the exclusion of the justification defense ) , the Plowshares Eight case was returned to the Superior Court Appeals Panel . In December 1987 , the Superior Court of Pennsylvania refused their appeal , but ordered a re-sentencing . This ruling , however , was appealed to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court . In February 1989 the Pennsylvania Supreme Court denied a hearing of any further issues in the case , and on October 2 , 1989 , the U.S. Supreme Court announced it would not hear the Plowshares Eight appeal . On April 10 , 1990 , the Plowshares Eight were resentenced by the Pennsylvania Court of Common Pleas in Norristown and , with neither the prosecutor nor General Electric making any recommendations or asking reparations , paroled for up to 23½ months in consideration of time already served in prison . Judge James Buckingham considered statements by the defendants , attorney Ramsey Clark , Dr. Robert Jay Lifton , and Professors Richard Falk and Howard Zinn , placing the crime in the context of the common plight of humanity , international law , America 's long tradition of dissent , and the primacy of individual conscience over entrenched political system .
In 2009 , Kabat protested at a Minuteman missile site outside of Greeley , Colorado .
On July 4 , 2011 , and again on July 4 , 2012 , Kabat entered the Kansas City Plant , a nuclear bomb component manufacturing facility then under construction in Kansas City , Missouri . They referred to the trespass as the 85 % Pruning Hooks action , in reference to the fact that the plant produced approximately 85 % of the non-nuclear components for US nuclear weapons .
On December 13 , 2013 , Kabat and five other protestors were found guilty of again trespassing at the Kansas City Plant , but were given the unusual sentence of writing essay responses to questions posed by the judge .
Death
Kabat died at the age of 88 on August 4 , 2022 , at the Madonna Oblate Residence in San Antonio , Texas .
See also
Plowshares Movement
Dorothy Day
References
Additional sources
1933 births
2022 deaths
American anti–nuclear weapons activists
Roman Catholic activists
People from Jefferson County , Illinois
American Roman Catholic priests
Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate
Nonviolence advocates
Christian radicals
University of Illinois alumni
was the original league cup for clubs in the top levels of Japanese football before the creation of the J . League and its cup . The cup was first played in 1973 , but did not become an annual tournament until 1976 .
The JSL/JFL Cup included clubs from both the First Division and the Second Division . The format varied ; sometimes the clubs played small group stages , other times it was an outright elimination , including only the clubs that were not recent promotions to the Second Division . During the season timeframe change of 1985 , the cup was played within the year , a rule that stayed until the advent of the J . League .
Winners
Performances by team
Teams are named using current nomenclature , or last one if they are defunct ( denoted in italics ) .
Sources
Contents of Domestic Competition of Football in Japan
Japan – List of League Cup Winners , RSSSF.com
Defunct football cup competitions in Japan
Cup
National association football league cups
Recurring sporting events established in 1973
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1991
1973 establishments in Japan
1991 disestablishments in Japan
ABC Australia , formerly Australia Television International ( or just Australia Television ) , ABC Asia Pacific , Australia Network and Australia Plus , is an Australian pay television channel , launched in 1993 and operated by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation as part of the ABC television network of services . The channel broadcasts a mix of programming , including lifestyle , drama , sports , English-language learning programs , children 's programming and news and current affairs to viewers across East Asia , Central Asia , South Asia , Southeast Asia and Pacific Islands .
It is partially funded by Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade , as well as some advertising ( unlike the ABC 's domestic television services ) .
History
Origins
Radio Australia had been operating as part of the ABC since 1939 while the passing of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983 allowed the corporation to operate an additional international television service . The channel was originally proposed by directors Mark Armstrong and David Hill , who felt that a television channel would further heighten Australia 's presence in the Asia-Pacific region and demonstrate the ABC 's technical abilities .
Prime Minister Paul Keating launched Australia Television International on 17 February 1993 , televised live to 50 countries in the south-east Asian region , from the ABC 's television studios in Gore Hill . The actual broadcast was from the Darwin uplink where Dominic Stone , the service 's Program Director and David Hill , managing director of the ABC commissioned the first transmission . The establishment of the new channel was funded by a special government grant of . It was originally a part of the so-called `` Gang of Five '' , which was a consortium that was set up to compete against Star TV in the region . ( The others in the group were CNN International , HBO , ESPN International [ with its Asian operations ] and TVB [ with TVB Superchannel ] ) The consortium 's channels were initially transmitted via Palapa satellite , but were later also added to Apstar satellite .
The operation of the new channel was funded by a combination of government subsidies and commercial sponsorship . The presence of commercials , not previously seen or heard on the ABC , resulted in the creation of an updated edition of the ABC Editorial and Programme Practices , stipulating that the `` Australia Television service will retain editorial control and independence in all programming '' .
Funding cuts made in the 1997–1998 federal budget , and recommendations made in the Mansfield Report , meant that control of Australia Television was handed over to the Seven Network in 1998 . Under Seven 's direction the channel continued to receive federal funding , and carry some ABC News .
2002–2006 : ABC Asia Pacific
Despite efforts made by Seven to expand into Asia using the service , it continued to lose money . In 2001 , the government announced a five-year , tender for the service – at the time watched primarily by Australian expatriates for its news programmes , football coverage , and children 's programming . Seven chose not to bid , while Imparja Television 's application was unsuccessful . The ABC won the contract and Australia Television was rebranded as ABC Asia Pacific on 1 January 2002 ( or 31 December 2001 ? ) , with content from the Seven Network , Nine Network , Network Ten , and the ABC 's own original content , as well as news bulletins produced by Sky News Australia .
The tender was renewed in 2005 ; the ABC was re-awarded control of the service until 8 August 2011 , over other applicants including Sky News Australia . Soon afterwards , the network stopped showing content from Sky News Australia , replaced with bulletins produced by the ABC 's own news and current affairs division from its Southbank studios in Melbourne .
2006–2014 : Australia Network
ABC Asia Pacific changed its name to Australia Network on 7 August 2006 , at the same time introducing a number of new programs , as well as the expansion of its existing news programs and English-language learning programs . Following a restructured of the ABC in early 2007 , Australia Network became a part of the corporation 's International , Corporate Strategy and Governance division .
The channel was not available in Australia or New Zealand , owing to right restrictions , although ABC News for Australia Network bulletins were carried overnight on ABC News 24 and Al Jazeera English in Australia and on Face TV in New Zealand . Several Australia Network programmes are also available online in Australia on the ABC 's iview platform . Australia Network became available in Malaysia on Astro ( Channel 514 ) in December 2008 .
In 2010 the then Labor government invited media organisations to submit tenders to deliver the Australia Network for 10 years . In November 2011 , the Government closed the tender , `` due to significant leaks of confidential information to the media '' , and asked the Australian Federal Police to investigate . In the meantime , the ABC 's contract was extended until August 2012 to allow time for a decision to be made on its future . On 5 December 2011 , the Government announced that the Australia Network would no longer be open to tender and that the ABC would take over its operations permanently . Concerns were raised about the process , and the Australian National Audit Office noted that the tender process `` presented the Australian Government in a poor light and cost the two tenderers ... time and money '' . The government was obliged to pay millions in compensation to Sky News .
In the 2014–2015 Australian federal budget by the Abbott government , all funding to the Australia Network was cut and its closure was announced , days before it was about to sign a contract with Shanghai Media Holdings to begin broadcasting in China ( making it only the third foreign broadcaster with access to the country ) . 80 jobs , mostly in Melbourne , were lost and the government was forced to compensate the ABC for breaking its contract , which had been promised in funding for ten years of operation by the previous Labor government .
2014–2018 : Australia Plus
Following the closure of Australian Network , Australia Plus , a new multi-platform international service was launched on 29 September 2014 as a replacement . The channel continued to broadcast entertainment , sports , education and English learning shows from ABC through Asia and Pacific partners . Big events from Australia , such as Melbourne Cup , Sydney 's New Year 's Eve Fireworks and the Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race were also featured on the channel .
In 2015 , the New Zealand government established Pasifika TV , a service providing Pacific island broadcasters with a 24/7 feed of sport , news and other content . Most of it is from New Zealand .
In August 2016 , three commercial partners , the Victorian Government , vitamin and supplement company Swisse and Monash University signed contracts with Australia Plus . Under the Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983 the ABC International Division is allowed to operate as a commercial operation , in a way similar to BBC Worldwide .
2018–present : ABC Australia
Australia Plus was rebranded as ABC Australia on 1 July 2018 . ABC Head of International Strategy David Hua said , “ The rebranding of the international television service makes sense to our audiences overseas , who want distinctive Australian content from a highly-respected media organisation. ” The rebranding came just weeks after the lifting of the geo-blocking of the ABC News live stream on the ABC website and YouTube channels .
In 2020 , the Australian Government established PacificAus TV , which offers 1000 hours of free Australian commercial TV each year to Pacific island broadcasters .
Description
The channel broadcasts a mix of programming , including lifestyle , drama , sports , English-language learning programs , children 's programming and news and current affairs . The service is available via subscription to viewers across East Asia , Central Asia , South Asia , Southeast Asia and Pacific Islands , including India , Japan , Vietnam , Afghanistan , the Philippines , Papua New Guinea and Vanuatu .
Programming
In addition to those listed below , the now rebadged ABC Australia shows a range of programming targeted at audiences within the region , including evening news bulletins at two-hour intervals targeted at different parts of the region , and a number of English-language educational programs produced by the Network including Study English , Living English , English Bites and The Business of English . Drama series shown include Home and Away , Offspring , Packed to the Rafters , Rake , The Doctor Blake Mysteries , The Time of Our Lives , factual entertainment programs Bondi Vet , One Plus One ( TV program ) , and Cosmo Times , lifestyle programs Big Break , Food Safari and Poh 's Kitchen , music program Rage , light entertainment programs Gruen Planet , Good Game and Good Game SP , the children 's shows Play School , Blue Water High , A gURLs wURLd , and Scope .
The news programming of the channel is produced and broadcast from the news studios in Sydney , the headquarters of the ABC News channel and the network news service .
Funding
ABC Australia is partially funded by Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade , as well as some advertising ( unlike the ABC 's domestic television services ) .
Along with the rest of the ABC , the channel has suffered from successive funding cuts , particularly under Liberal governments since the 1996 Howard government , with particularly deep cuts in 2014 under the Abbott government and an ongoing indexation freeze .
In 2019 , the ABC 's budget for all international operations was , at the same level as it was in the 1980s . This compares with the allocated to China Central Television ( CCTV ) service , and for the BBC 's international services .
Other international services
ABC Radio Australia was launched in 1939 , and continues to broadcast in the Asia-Pacific region although no longer on short-wave transmission , so does not reach all of the remote islands .
The ABC has increased its Internet presence for international audiences ; the iview streaming service is available via an app , and ABC News Online includes Chinese-language and Tok Pisin articles .
Slogans
Everyone 's ABC Asia Pacific ( 2002–2006 )
A different view ( Australia Network , 2006–2010 )
From our world to yours ( Australia Network , 2010–2014 )
Your World , Our World , One World ( Australia Plus , 2014–2018 )
Yours ( 2018–present )
See also
Australian Broadcasting Corporation
History of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation
Radio Australia
References
Further reading
External links
Australian Broadcasting Corporation television
Cable television in Hong Kong
International broadcasters
Television channels and stations established in 1993
Kenneth Fok Kai-kong , JP ( ; born 2 July 1979 ) is a Hong Kong business person and politician . They are the eldest grandson of tycoon Henry Fok and eldest son of Timothy Fok . They are the vice president of the Fok Ying Tung Group , vice president of the Sports Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong , China and a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) .
Biography
Fok was born into the prominent pro-Beijing business family . Their grandfather , Henry Fok , was a Hong Kong real estate developer , president of the Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong and Hong Kong Football Association , and was one of the first Hong Kong entrepreneur to invest in the mainland China in the 1980s . They rose to become the vice chairperson of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) . Their father , Timothy Fok , is also president of the Hong Kong Football Association and the Sports Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong , China , member of the CPPCC National Committee and former member of the Legislative Council for the Sports , Performing Arts , Culture and Publication functional constituency . Their mother , Loletta Chu , was the winner of the 1977 Miss Hong Kong Pageant .
Fok was graduated from the Oxford University with a bachelor 's degree in Economics and Management before they returned to Hong Kong to join their family business and subsequently became the vice president of the Fok Ying Tung Group . Due to their family 's political background and influence in the sports development , they were appointed to serve on various government advisory and statutory bodies , including the chair of the Committee of Youth Activities in Hong Kong , member of the Youth Development Commission , Commission on Poverty , and Betting and Lotteries Commission ; executive vice chair of Greater Bay Area Homeland Youth Community Foundation , standing committee member of Youth Committee of the Chinese General Chamber of Commerce , standing committee member of the All-China Youth Federation , and vice chairperson of Tianjin Youth Federation and trustee of the China Oxford Scholarship Fund .
Other public offices they hold include member of the Hong Kong Art Development Council , adviser of the Association of Chinese Culture of Hong Kong , adviser of the Hong Kong Culture and Art Promotion Association and the chairperson of the Culture Action .
They are also vice chairperson of Elite Sports Committee and ex-officio member of Sports Commission of Home Affairs Bureau , vice president of the Sports Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong , China , president of the Gymnastics Association of Hong Kong , China , director of Hong Kong Sports Institute , a committee member of International Relations Committee of Olympic Council of Asia , president of Asian Electronic Sports Federation , and member of International Experts Committee For Global Active City Asian Standard . Their appointment as vice president to the Sports Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong , China , where their father Timothy Fok is a long-time president , was scrutinised by the media , which claimed that Timothy Fok appointed their son without transparency , and that Kenneth Fok had no record in any type of sporting achievement .
Fok was appointed member of the Tianjin Municipal Committee Member of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference . They were also appointed as a part-time member of the Central Policy Unit during the Donald Tsang administration from 2008 to 2009 . They were also appointed member of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference , following the paths of their grandfather and father . In 2016 , they were appointed Justice of the Peace by the Hong Kong government .
Controversies
In December 2021 , it was reported that Fok had a `` privileged '' vote in the 2021 Hong Kong legislative election , where the vote would count approximately 7,215 times more than an ordinary citizen . They were elected as a member of the Legislative Council following their win in the Sports , Performing Arts , Culture and Publication constituency .
On 5 January 2022 , Carrie Lam announced new warnings and restrictions against social gathering due to potential COVID-19 outbreaks . One day later , it was discovered that Fok attended a birthday party hosted by Witman Hung Wai-man , with 222 guests . At least one guest tested positive with COVID-19 , causing all guests to be quarantined . Fok later refused to discuss how they could be held accountable for attending the party after the government had warned against gathering in large groups .
Personal life
Fok met China 's `` princess of diving '' , multi-time Olympic gold medallist Guo Jingjing in 2004 . The couple married on 8 November 2012 and have a son and two younger daughters . In 2019 , their father Timothy gifted a HK $ 160 million houses in Repulse Bay for Kenneth and their family .
References
1979 births
Living people
Hong Kong businesspeople
Hong Kong politicians
People from Panyu District
Alumni of Pembroke College , Oxford
Members of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong
HK LegCo Members 2022–2025
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong , 2017–2021
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong , 2021–2026
Hong Kong justices of the peace
The Amazing Race contestants
Reality show winners
Millikin University is a private university in Decatur , Illinois . It was founded in 1901 by prominent Decatur business person James Millikin and is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) .
Media
Decaturian
The Decaturian , also known as the Dec ( official nickname ) , is the bi-weekly student newspaper . The Decaturian was established in 1903 and its issues are archived online from 1903–1951 , made possible by the Digital-Decaturian Project .
WJMU 89.5 The Quad
WJMU is Millikin University 's student-operated freeform format radio station . In addition to its musical responsibilities , WJMU also creates its own public service announcements , liners , news , Millikin sports programming and promotional materials .
On April 25 , 1922 , a license was issued to the university for a new AM broadcasting station , operating on a wavelength of 360 meters ( 833 kHz ) . This station was randomly assigned the call letters WBAO , which came from a sequential roster of available call signs . It maintained a limited schedule of university broadcasts . On May 25 , 1928 , the Federal Radio Commission ( FRC ) issued General Order 32 , which notified 164 stations , including WBAO , that `` From an examination of your application for future license it does not find that public interest , convenience , or necessity would be served by granting it . '' On September 1 , 1928 , the FRC listed `` Stations WJBL and WBAO '' as one of the `` consolidations which have been approved by the commission , or imposed on the stations by the commission '' . WBAO was formally deleted on October 1 , 1928 , and it was announced that programs previously broadcast by that station would now be heard over WJBL .
Rankings
In 2021 , U.S. News & World Report ranked Millikin University # 12 in Regional Colleges Midwest , # 11 in Best Undergraduate Teaching , and # 29 in Best Value Schools , noting that the university had selective admissions and a student-faculty ratio of 10:1 .
Fraternities and sororities
Fraternities
Alpha Tau Omega
Delta Sigma Phi
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Tau Kappa Epsilon
Sigma Lambda Beta
Phi Mu Alpha
Alpha Phi Alpha
Sororities
Alpha Chi Omega
Alpha Kappa Alpha
Delta Delta Delta
Delta Sigma Theta
Pi Beta Phi
Sigma Alpha Iota
Sigma Lambda Gamma
Co-ed
Alpha Phi Omega ( service )
Alpha Psi Omega ( academic )
Sigma Delta Pi ( academic )
Sigma Tau Delta ( academic )
Athletics
Since their first year of athletics in the 1903–04 academic year and prior to joining the NCAA Division III and the CCIW in the 1946–47 season , Millikin primarily competed as an Independent of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics ( NAIA ) . Millikin University teams have since participated in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's Division III . The Big Blue is a member of the College Conference of Illinois and Wisconsin ( CCIW ) . Men 's sports include baseball , basketball , cross-country , football , golf , wrestling , soccer , swimming and diving , tennis , track and field , and volleyball ; while women 's sports include basketball , cross country , golf , soccer , softball , triathlon , swimming & diving , tennis , track & field and volleyball .
Notable alumni
Actors and musicians
Jodi Benson – Actress : voice of Ariel in the 1989 film The Little Mermaid and Polly Baker in the original Broadway cast of Crazy for You
Sierra Boggess – Actress : originated roles of Ariel in the 2007 Broadway production of The Little Mermaid and Rosalie Mullins in the 2015 Broadway production of School of Rock . They also portrayed Christine Daae in the 2010 's Love Never Dies and in the 25th anniversary performances of The Phantom of the Opera on both West End and Broadway .
Joel Kim Booster – Actor / Comedian : writer and star of Fire Island , Jun Ho in NBC 's Sunnyside
Hedy Burress – Actress : Wyleen Pritchett in Boston Common ; voice of Yuna in Final Fantasy X
Annamary Dickey – Actress and soprano of the Metropolitan Opera and Broadway
Katelyn Epperly – Singer : American Idol season 9 ( top 16 )
Tad Hilgenbrink – Actor : Matt Stifler in American Pie : Band Camp
Emerson Swinford – Musician : guitarist and composer
Annie Wersching – Actress : portrays FBI agent Renee Walker on the television show 24
Matthew West – Musician : contemporary Christian artist
Monica Witni – Composer and double bassist
Michael Maize – Actor : portrayed Daniel in National Treasure : Book of Secrets
Artists
Herbert D. Ryman – Disney artist , imagineer , and chief designer of the Cinderella Castle
Athletes and coaches
Millikin University was a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference from 1910 to 1937 .
George Corbett – football player : Chicago Bears running back from 1932–1938
Sid Gepford – NFL player in 1920
Lori Kerans – basketball coach , gave Millikin first NCAA D3 national championship win ; coached from 1985–2018
Fred T. Long – Negro league baseball player and college football coach : played four seasons in Negro National League and amassed a 227-151-31 coaching record from 1921–1965 at various colleges including three Black college football national championships ( 1928 , 1932 , 1945 )
Harry Long – college football coach , won a Black college football national championship in 1924 as coach of Paul Quinn College ; assistant coach to their brother Fred for their 1932 and 1945 championships
Chuck Martin – football head coach at Miami of Ohio ; former coach of Division 2 national champion Grand Valley State
Danny Moeller – Major League Baseball player , 1907–1916 , with Pittsburgh Pirates and Washington Senators
Jeff Monken – football head coach at United States Military Academy
Marcia Morey – swimmer at Montreal Olympic Games in 1976 in women 's 100m breaststroke and 200m breaststroke ; former American record holder in 200M Breaststroke
George Musso – football player : Chicago Bears lineman from 1933–1944 ; nine-year team captain , elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1982
Jeff Query – football player : former Green Bay Packers and Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver ; 141 receptions for 1,865 yards and 11 touchdowns in 84 career games .
Mike Rowland – pitcher for San Francisco Giants , 1980–1981
Don Shroyer – college football coach at Millikin University and Southern Illinois University
Virgil Wagner – Canadian Football League player , Montreal Alouettes halfback from 1946–54 ; elected to Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1980
Art Wilson – Major League Baseball player
Authors and media figures
Alice Ambrose ( 1906–2001 ) – philosopher , logician , and author
Florence Page Jaques ( 1890–1972 ) – author
Lucille Ryman Carroll – Hollywood talent executive during early 20th century
Gigi Goode – American drag queen and runner-up on RuPaul 's Drag Race ( season 12 )
Business figures
Douglas R. Oberhelman – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Caterpillar Inc .
Politicians
Rodney L. Davis – United States Representative for Illinois ' 13th Congressional district .
Thomas W. Ewing – former United States Congressman ( R-Illinois )
Melvin R. Laird , Sr. – Wisconsin State Senator and clergyman
James Benton Parsons – Federal judge ; in 1961 they were the first African American to serve as a US Federal District Judge , appointed to the Northern District of Illinois , in Chicago , IL
Thomas D. Westfall , ( 1927–2005 ) – former mayor of El Paso , Texas
Rickey Williams Jr. ( 1977/1978– ) – the first African-American to serve as mayor of Danville , Illinois
See also
National Bird-Feeding Society # Bird seed preferences ( NBFS )
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Decatur , Illinois
Educational institutions established in 1901
Liberal arts colleges in Illinois
Tourist attractions in Macon County , Illinois
Education in Macon County , Illinois
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Presbyterian Church ( USA )
Private universities and colleges in Illinois
1901 establishments in Illinois
The ball competition for rhythmic gymnastics at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines was held from 6 to 7 December 2019 at Rizal Memorial Coliseum .
Schedule
All times are Philippine Standard Time ( UTC+8 ) .
Results
Qualification
Final
References
Ball
Homicide Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the study of homicide . The editor-in-chief is Jesenia Pizarro ( Arizona State University ) . It was established in 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications .
Abstracting and indexing
Homicide Studies is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index . According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2020 impact factor is 1.63 , ranking it 30 out of 50 journals in the category `` Criminology and Penology '' .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Criminology journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1979
Dragon 's Lair : The Legend is a 1991 side-scrolling platform video game for the Nintendo Game Boy developed by Elite Systems . The game is part of the Dragon 's Lair franchise and stars Dirk the Daring , who explores the world attempting to collect all 194 fragments of the mythical Life Stone . The gameplay is an extreme departure from other games in the series as it includes no enemies and aside from its protagonist , no other established characters . It does however retain the grueling difficulty that the series is known for .
Storyline
Dirk the Daring held the maid 's limp and lifeless body gently in their arms , as they surveyed the carnage of the bloody battle scene . With the last gasps of their dying breath , Princess Daphne 's loyal servant , Dirk , had been told the horrible tale of their undoing . It seemed a traitor in their ranks had informed the evil Mordroc that the princess ' caravan was carrying the mythical Life Stone , an ancient artifact rumored to give its owner limitless power and eternal life . Their barbaric army had ambushed the princess ' helpless band , mercilessly slaying all but the beautiful Princess whom they had taken into captivity . Fortunately , before the attack , the maid has used their limited powers of sorcery to shatter the Life Stone into hundreds of pieces and scatter them throughout the land . Dirk knew what they must now do , though they did not relish the task . The Life Stone must be reassembled before Princess Daphne could be rescued from Mordroc 's evil clutches !
Gameplay
The player can use either the A or B button to jump and left or right on the control pad to walk . The Start button pauses and the Select button resets if pressed on the pause screen .
The goal of the game is to move screen-by-screen collecting all 194 fragments of the Life Stone , then reach the final screen where the Good Knight lies in a deathlike trance . Each screen has a set width and the player advances to the next by reaching the edge . Dirk begins with 10 lives and loses a life by either landing on a deadly object ( certain spikes , rail tracks , deadly water ) , falling from a great height , or depleting all of their energy meter . Dirk has no weapon , as there are no enemies or bosses . There is also no on-screen display that shows the player their remaining lives , energy meter , number of Life Stone fragments collected , or score . Only after a death does the game show the remaining lives and fragments collected . The score is revealed after a game over .
The world consists of 11 distinct regions covering themes from the medieval Dragon 's Lair setting .
Regional differences
There are some differences in gameplay between the European release and the Japanese/North American releases :
Fall damage
In US/JP versions , falling from about two-thirds screen height is an instant death . Fall damage can be canceled if Dirk transitions to a new screen mid-fall , collects a stone fragment , or lands on a moving platform . The EU version does not include any fall damage at all .
Extra lives
In all versions the player begins with 10 lives . In the EU release Dirk is given 1 extra life for every 42 Life Stones collected but never exceeds the maximum of 10 . Extra lives are not awarded at all in US/JP versions .
Infinite jumping
In the US/JP versions , holding down the jump button will make Dirk continuously jump . In the EU version , holding down jump will only jump once but tapping quickly will register inputs fast enough to simulate infinite jumping .
Design differences
In the EU version there 's a large gap between the mine cart in `` The Cells '' and the beginning of the track , leaving Dirk more room to jump onto it . In US/JP versions the mine cart has been re-positioned against the far edge of the track . This can result in the player unintentionally launching the cart before jumping onto it .
In `` The Cells '' there 's a long moving platform where Dirk has to elevate to the top of the screen and jump through a narrow gap . In the EU version , this gap is twice as wide as the US/JP versions .
Development and reception
Developed by Elite Systems , the game is a port and re-skin of the 1985 ZX Spectrum game Roller Coaster . Even though the graphics have been altered to a medieval theme , many areas resemble amusement park rides . There are three mine cart sections that were clearly roller coasters , spinning objects that match a Ferris wheel , and several buildings that were once bumper car rides . Elite Systems acted as publisher for European regions , Epic/Sony Records published in Japan , and CSG Imagesoft and UbiSoft both published North American versions .
The US version of the game received almost entirely negative reviews . EGM rated the game a 17 out of 40 . It currently holds a 1.63 out of 5 user rating on GameFAQs , placing it 1,052 out of 1,068 Game Boy games .
Reviews of the European version were more favorable , even receiving scores as high as 93 % and 5/5 stars .
References
1991 video games
Dragon 's Lair
Epic/Sony Records games
Game Boy games
Game Boy-only games
Side-scrolling platform games
Single-player video games
Ubisoft games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
The NIST RBAC model is a standardized definition of role-based access control . Although originally developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology , the standard was adopted and is copyrighted and distributed as INCITS 359-2004 by the International Committee for Information Technology Standards ( INCITS ) .
The latest version is INCITS 359-2012 .
It is managed by INCITS committee CS1 .
History
In 2000 , NIST called for a unified standard for RBAC , integrating the RBAC model published in 1992 by Ferraiolo and Kuhn with the RBAC framework introduced by Sandhu , Coyne , Feinstein , and Youman ( 1996 ) . This proposal was published by Sandhu , Ferraiolo , and Kuhn
and presented at the ACM 5th Workshop on Role Based Access Control . Following debate and comment within the RBAC and security communities , NIST made revisions and proposed a U.S. national standard for RBAC through the INCITS . In 2004 , the standard received ballot approval and was adopted as INCITS 359-2004 . Sandhu , Ferraiolo , and Kuhn later published an explanation of the design choices in the model .
In 2010 , NIST announced a revision to RBAC , incorporating features of attribute-based access control ( ABAC ) .
See also
Role-based access control
References
External links
NIST RBAC web site
INCITS web site
Computer access control
Computer security models
Data security
Firewall software
Packets ( information technology )
Vladimir Veličković ( ; born 3 March 1989 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player .
Playing career
A point guard , Veličković played for Vojvodina Srbijagas , MZT Skopje ( Macedonia ) , Konstantin , Baník Handlová ( Slovakia ) , Tamiš , Zlatibor , Dynamic , and Zdravlje .
References
External links
Eurobasket profile
RealGM profile
Proballers profile
1989 births
Living people
Basketball League of Serbia players
KK Dynamic players
KK MZT Skopje players
KK Zlatibor players
KK Zdravlje players
KK Vojvodina Srbijagas players
KK Tamiš players
OKK Konstantin players
MBK Handlová players
Serbian men 's basketball players
Serbian expatriate basketball people in North Macedonia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Slovakia
Point guards
Neolucia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . The three species of this genus are endemic to Australia and Tasmania .
Species
The following species are recognised :
Neolucia agricola ( Westwood , [ 1851 ] )
Neolucia mathewi ( Miskin , 1890 )
Neolucia hobartensis ( Miskin , 1890 )
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
The Downtown Riverfront Streetcar Project is a proposed streetcar line intended to connect West Sacramento to Sacramento 's downtown business districts and the greater transportation network . The project is being undertaken by a consortium including the City of Sacramento , the City of West Sacramento , the Yolo County Transportation District , and the Sacramento Regional Transit District .
Planning
In 2008 West Sacramento voters passed Measures U and V , a raise in sales tax dedicated to streetcar funding . At the time , the streetcar was envisioned as a line running from Midtown to West Sacramento . While distinct from the RT Light Rail system , it would have shared some right-of-way and assets with that system ; RT would likely also operate the line . If built , the service was expected to attract 5,800 daily riders .
The project received $ 50 million from the federal government for construction in May 2017 . By June 2017 , $ 200 million in local , state , and federal grants had been secured to build the streetcar line . A special district that includes businesses close to the streetcar agreed to a tax to offset operating costs ; it was expected to generate $ 50 million over 25 years .
Plans stalled in 2019 as construction bids came in significantly higher than expected , with the lowest bid at $ 184 million , or $ 76 million higher than anticipated . The Sacramento City Council dissolved its special-use district dedicated to streetcar maintenance in August 2019 .
After failure of the initial plan , the line was retooled into a shorter route running from Sacramento Valley Station to Sutter Health Park in West Sacramento via Tower Bridge with one additional stop . the plan requires updating environmental documents , additional funding from host cities , and FTA approval .
See also
Streetcars in North America
Light rail in the United States
References
External links
Downtown / Riverfront Streetcar
City of Sacramento Streetcar Site
West Sacramento Streetcar Site
Proposed railway lines in California
Streetcars in California
Transportation in Sacramento , California
West Sacramento , California
Hukum Singh Karada ( b 1956/57 ) is an Indian politician belonging to Indian National Congress . They have been representing Shajapur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) as MLA in Madhya Pradesh since 1993 , except 2013-18 when they lost to the BJP candidate Arun bhimawad . They were a minister in Madhya Pradesh state government in 2019 .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Indian National Congress politicians from Madhya Pradesh
Urząd Ochrony Państwa ( ; Office of State Protection ) or UOP was the intelligence agency of Poland from 1990 to 2002 , when it was split into two new agencies .
Foundation
The UOP was founded on 6 April 1990 as a department of the Ministry of Internal Affairs . Krzysztof Kozłowski served as the UOP 's first chief from 1990 to 1992 . In 1996 UOP was transformed into a separate government agency under the supervision of the prime minister . It was responsible for intelligence , counter-intelligence and government electronic security , including telephone wiretaps .
Reasons for formation
The UOP replaced the communist-era Służba Bezpieczeństwa ( SB ) , I Departament People 's Republic of Poland Ministry of Internal Affairs – intelligence , II Departament People 's Republic of Poland Ministry of Internal Affairs – counter-intelligence , whose responsibilities had additionally included the suppression of opposition to the government prior to 1989 .
Agency split
In June 2002 , the agency was split into two separate entities – Agencja Bezpieczeństwa Wewnętrznego ( Internal Security Agency ) , which deals with internal security of the country , and Agencja Wywiadu ( Intelligence Agency ) , which deals with foreign intelligence .
UOP Chiefs
Krzysztof Kozłowski ( 1990 – 1990 )
Andrzej Milczanowski ( 1990 – 1992 )
Piotr Naimski ( 1992 )
Andrzej Milczanowski ( 1992 )
Jerzy Konieczny ( 1992 – 1993 )
Gromosław Czempiński ( 1993 – 1996 )
Andrzej Kapkowski , p.o . szefa UOP ( 1996 – 1996 )
Andrzej Kapkowski ( 1996 – 1997 )
Jerzy Nóżka , p.o . szefa UOP ( 1997 – 1998 )
Zbigniew Nowek ( 1998 – 2001 )
Zbigniew Siemiątkowski , p.o . szefa UOP ( 2001 – 2002 )
Andrzej Barcikowski ( 2002 )
See also
Instruction UOP nr 0015/92
References
External links
Agencja Bezpieczeństwa Wewnętrznego homepage
1990 establishments in Poland
2002 disestablishments in Poland
Defunct Polish intelligence agencies
Sopravvissuti della città morta ( Survivors of the Dead City ) or Ark of the Sun God is a 1984 Italian action film starring David Warbeck and directed by Antonio Margheriti . The film was partly filmed and produced in Turkey .
Cast
David Warbeck ... Rick Spear
John Steiner ... Lord Dean
Susie Sudlow ... Carol
Luciano Pigozzi ... Beetle ( as Alan Collins )
Ricardo Palacios ... Mohammed
Achille Brugnini ... Rupert ( as Anthony Berner )
Aytekin Akkaya ... Prince Abdullah
Süleyman Turan
References
External links
The Ark of the Sun God at Variety Distribution
Cultural depictions of Gilgamesh
1980s Italian-language films
1984 films
Films directed by Antonio Margheriti
Italian adventure films
1980s adventure films
Treasure hunt films
Films shot in Turkey
1980s Italian films
André E. Lalonde ( 1955–2012 ) was a Canadian geologist and former dean of the Faculty of Science at the University of Ottawa .
Early life and education
Lalonde was born in Ottawa in 1955 . They studied geology at the University of Ottawa , getting their BSc in 1978 . They then completed their MSc and PhD at McGill University under Robert F. Martin .
Career
After getting their degree , they took a position at McGill , but soon returned to teach at the University of Ottawa , beginning in 1985 . They were known for being a very good teacher , being named teacher of the year by the Faculty of Science on multiple occasions . They were named dean of the Faculty of Science in 2006 . As dean , Lalonde lobbied heavily to get the Advanced Research Complex built , and oversaw the hiring of 30 additional professors .
They served as associate editor of Canadian Mineralogist from 2003 to 2006 . The mineral lalondite ( a phyllosilicate ) is named after him .
Lalonde died in 2012 of cancer . The André E. Lalonde Accelerator Mass Spectrometry Laboratory is named after him .
References
1955 births
2012 deaths
Canadian geologists
University of Ottawa faculty
University of Ottawa alumni
McGill University alumni
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Matsumoto Yamaga .
Club statistics
Updated to 23 February 2018 .
References
External links
Profile at Shonan Bellmare
1987 births
Living people
People from Ichihara , Chiba
Shizuoka Sangyo University alumni
Association football people from Chiba Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Sagawa Shiga FC players
Matsumoto Yamaga FC players
Shonan Bellmare players
Association football goalkeepers
The 1983 Soviet First League was the thirteenth season of the Soviet First League and the 43rd season of the Soviet second tier league competition .
Final standings
External links
1983 season . RSSSF
1983
2
Soviet
Soviet
Pacho Alonso ( August 22 , 1928 – August 27 , 1982 ) was a Cuban singer and bandleader from Santiago de Cuba who is attributed with creating the musical form pilón in collaboration with percussionist/composer Enrique Bonne . They founded their first conjunto in Havana in 1957 . In the 1950s , Alonso sang with Benny Moré and Fernando Álvarez , a trio popularly known as `` The Three Musketeers '' . Later they sang with Ibrahim Ferrer . Pacho Alonso also enjoyed tremendous success in their international tours through Latin America , Europe and Africa .
References
1928 births
1982 deaths
20th-century Cuban male singers
Cuban bandleaders
People from Santiago de Cuba
People from Havana
Souled Out is a compilation album by the Raeltes with Ike & Tina Tuner . The album was released on Ray Charles ' Tangerine label in 1970 . It is the first album by Charles ' girl group , the Raelets who were also their backing vocalists .
Recording and release
Souled Out features eight songs by the Raelets who were the background singers for Ray Charles , and four songs from R & B duo Ike & Tina Turner .
Ike & Tina Turner recorded for Tangerine Records in 1966 , resulting in the singles `` Dust My Broom '' and `` Anything You Was n't Born With . '' After the success of `` Proud Mary '' by Ike & Tina Turner in 1971 , `` Dust My Broom '' was reissued as a single from the album and reached No . 54 on the Cash Box R & B chart .
Critical reception
The album was selected as a special merit pick from Billboard magazine .
Billboard ( February 28 , 1970 ) : Ray Charles ' Tangerine label features the Raelets and benefits greatly by the addition of Ike a Tina Turner to the album . The Raelets star on `` I Get Along All Right , '' plus Charles ' `` A Lover 's Blues '' and `` One Hurt Deserves Another , '' while the Minit Records duo kick up a storm on `` Dust My Broom , '' `` Beauty Is Just Skin Deep '' and two others . A quality album for the ABC-distributed label , offering both the soft and funky side of soul .
Track listing
References
Ike & Tina Turner compilation albums
Tangerine Records ( 1962 ) albums
1970 compilation albums
St John the Baptist 's Church is in the village of Guilden Sutton , near Chester , Cheshire , England . It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building . It is an active Anglican parish church . The church is in the diocese of Chester , the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester . Its benefice is combined with that of St Peter , Plemstall .
History
The church was built in 1815 on the site of a previous church . The chancel of the previous church had blown down in 1802 . A bellcote was added during the Victorian era . The interior was restored in 2001 when the chancel screen and choir stalls were removed , a toilet was provided and the entrance was improved . In 2005 the bellcote was restored after it had been damaged by death watch beetle .
Architecture
Exterior
The church is built in brick with Welsh slate roofs . Some of the fabric of the 16th-century church is still present in the wall of the nave . Its plan is simple and consists of a five-bay nave and chancel in one range , a south porch , and an octagonal louvred timber bellcote at the west end . The windows on the sides of the nave and chancel are simple and round-headed . The east window is lancet-shaped .
Interior
This is plain , with a raised chancel . There was formerly a wooden chancel screen . The doorway has twisted balusters and is dated 1698 . In the church is a painted memorial plaque to the Whitehead family , which is probably by Randle Holme III . The font is dated 1635 ; it is round and decorated with the date and a single flower .
External features
In the churchyard is a buff sandstone sundial . It consists of column baluster on a square base with a cap in a different stone . The copper plate and gnomon are inscribed with the date 1596 and two sets of lines and numbers . It is listed Grade II . The churchyard also contains the war graves of three soldiers , two of World War I and one of World War II .
See also
Listed buildings in Guilden Sutton
References
Churches completed in 1815
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Church of England church buildings in Cheshire
Grade II listed churches in Cheshire
Diocese of Chester
Osteochilus jeruk is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Sumatra .
References
Taxa named by Renny Kurnia Hadiaty
Taxa named by Darrell J. Siebert
Fish described in 1998
Osteochilus
Edmund Outslay ( January 25 , 1952 – May 20 , 2019 ) was a Deloitte / Michael Licata Endowed Professor of Taxation at Michigan State University . They acquired their undergraduate degree from Furman University and their MBA and Ph.D from the University of Michigan . During their career in academia they achieved several awards including the American Taxation Association/Deloitte Teaching Innovation Award , Distinguished Faculty Award , Presidential Award for Outstanding Community Service , Withrow Teacher-Scholar Award , plus Curricular Service-Learning and Civic Engagement Award .
In their lifetime Outslay testified before Congress , was the co-author of several tax textbooks including McGraw-Hill 's Taxation of Individuals and Entities and was often cited in the media including The Wall Street Journal .
Outside of Academia , they were an ardent baseball enthusiast and community serviceman . They were a volunteer coach at East Lansing High School for 24 years and had won in 2003 the AFLAC National Assistant Coach of the Year award . In addition , they volunteered at Lansing 's Meals on Wheels program and MSU 's Volunteer Income Tax Assistance ( VITA ) program .
References
1952 births
2019 deaths
Furman University alumni
Michigan State University alumni
University of Michigan faculty
High school baseball coaches in the United States
Kempenich is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Ahrweiler ( district )
The 2019 DFL-Supercup was the tenth edition of the German super cup under the name DFL-Supercup , an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season 's Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal competitions . The match was played on 3 August 2019 .
The DFL-Supercup featured the runners-up of the 2018–19 Bundesliga , Borussia Dortmund , and Bayern Munich , the champions of the Bundesliga and winners of the 2018–19 DFB-Pokal . Heading into the match , Bayern were the three-time defending champions of the DFL-Supercup . The match was hosted by Borussia Dortmund at the Signal Iduna Park in Dortmund .
Borussia Dortmund won the match 2–0 to secure their sixth German super cup title .
Teams
In the following table , matches until 1996 were in the DFB-Supercup era , since 2010 were in the DFL-Supercup era .
Background
Match
Details
Statistics
See also
2018–19 Bundesliga
2018–19 DFB-Pokal
Notes
References
External links
2018
2019–20 in German football cups
Borussia Dortmund matches
FC Bayern Munich matches
Dfl-Supercup
Sports competitions in Dortmund
21st century in Dortmund
Cinelli–OPD was a UCI Continental team based in San Marino that existed for the 2007 and 2008 seasons .
The team 's main sponsor was Cinelli , an Italian bicycle manufacturer .
Major wins
2007
Tour de Serbie
Points classification , Ivan Fanelli
Stage 1b & 7 , Ivan Fanelli
Stage 6 , Gianluca Cavalli
Giro d'Abruzzo
Stages 2 & 4 , Ivan Fanelli
Stage 3 , Gianluca Coletta
Stage 3 Paths of King Nikola , Alexey Shchebelin
Stage 5 Vuelta a la Comunidad de Madrid , Jesús Pérez
2008
Overall Tour du Maroc , Alexey Shchebelin
Stages 1a , 4 & 7 , Alexey Shchebelin
Stage 1b , Ivan Fanelli
Stage 6b , Jesús Pérez
Overall Circuito Montañés , Alexey Shchebelin
Stage 6 , Alexey Shchebelin
Clásico Ciclístico Banfoandes
Stage 5 , Juan Pablo Dotti
Stage 8 , Manuele Spadi
Stage 10 Vuelta Ciclista a Venezuela , Jesús Pérez
Stage 3 Vuelta Mexico , Ivan Fanelli
Stage 1 Istrian Spring Trophy , Ivan Fanelli
References
UCI Continental Teams ( Europe )
Cycling teams based in San Marino
Cycling teams established in 2007
Cycling teams disestablished in 2008
Nea Erythraia ( ) is a suburb in the northeastern part of the Athens agglomeration , Greece . Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Kifissia , of which it is a municipal unit .
Geography
Nea Erythraia is situated at the western end of the forested Penteli mountain range . The municipal unit has an area of 4.831 km2 . The small river Kifisos forms the northwestern border of the municipal unit . Nea Erythraia is situated 14 km northeast of Athens city centre . The built-up area of Nea Erythraia is continuous with that of the neighbouring suburb Kifisia . Motorway 1 , Greek National Road 1 and Greek National Road 83 pass through the town .
For many years , Nea Erythraia was home to the senior division of Campion , one of Greece 's oldest English-language schools .
On September 14 , 2004 , the paralympic flame arrived in Nea Erythraia as it travelled from Marathon .
Historical population
References
External links
City of Nea Erythraia official website
http : //emidius.mi.ingv.it/GNDT/T19990907/Athens990907_ismes/ate_html/09.html
Nea Erythraia Photos
Populated places in North Athens ( regional unit )
William Adams ( 21 March 1811 – 23 July 1884 ) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Marlborough , New Zealand and the first Superintendent of Marlborough Province .
Early life
Adams was born in Upton , Herefordshire , England , in 1811 . They came to New Zealand in 1850 , and arrived in Nelson on the Eden . They became one of the runholders in the Wairau Valley .
Politics
They were the first Superintendent of Marlborough Province in 1860 , following the separation from the Nelson Province .
They represented the Picton electorate from 1867 to 1868 , when they resigned .
Death
Adams died on 23 July 1884 . They are buried on their homestead Langley Dale on the north bank of the Wairau River . They were survived by their wife and four sons , including Acton Adams .
References
1811 births
1884 deaths
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
Superintendents of New Zealand provincial councils
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Members of the Marlborough Provincial Council
People from Herefordshire
English emigrants to New Zealand
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Irene Mann ( 1929–1996 ) was a German dancer , actor and choreographer .
Selected filmography
The Last Waltz ( 1953 )
That Wo n't Keep a Sailor Down ( 1958 )
Marina ( 1960 )
Our Crazy Nieces ( 1963 )
References
Bibliography
Robert Ignatius Letellier . Operetta : A Sourcebook , Volume II , Volume 2 . Cambridge Scholars Publishing , 2015 .
External links
1929 births
1996 deaths
German female dancers
German choreographers
German film actores
Actors from Königsberg
Recipients of the Order of Merit of Berlin
In the AFL Women 's ( AFLW ) , the Western Bulldogs best and fairest award is awarded to the best and fairest player at the Western Bulldogs during the home-and-away season . The award has been awarded annually since the competition 's inaugural season in 2017 , and Ellie Blackburn and Emma Kearney were the joint inaugural winners of the award .
Recipients
See also
Charles Sutton Medal ( list of Western Bulldogs best and fairest winners in the Australian Football League )
References
AFL Women 's awards
Lists of AFL Women 's players
Awards established in 2017
Constraint Handling Rules ( CHR ) is a declarative , rule-based programming language , introduced in 1991 by Thom Frühwirth at the time with European Computer-Industry Research Centre ( ECRC ) in Munich , Germany . Originally intended for constraint programming , CHR finds applications in grammar induction , type systems , abductive reasoning , multi-agent systems , natural language processing , compilation , scheduling , spatial-temporal reasoning , testing , and verification .
A CHR program , sometimes called a constraint handler , is a set of rules that maintain a constraint store , a multi-set of logical formulas . Execution of rules may add or remove formulas from the store , thus changing the state of the program . The order in which rules `` fire '' on a given constraint store is non-deterministic , according to its abstract semantics and deterministic ( top-down rule application ) , according to its refined semantics .
Although CHR is Turing complete , it is not commonly used as a programming language in its own right . Rather , it is used to extend a host language with constraints . Prolog is by far the most popular host language and CHR is included in several Prolog implementations , including SICStus and SWI-Prolog , although CHR implementations also exist for Haskell , Java , C , SQL , and JavaScript . In contrast to Prolog , CHR rules are multi-headed and are executed in a committed-choice manner using a forward chaining algorithm .
Language overview
The concrete syntax of CHR programs depends on the host language , and in fact programs embed statements in the host language that are executed to handle some rules . The host language supplies a data structure for representing terms , including logical variables . Terms represent constraints , which can be thought of as `` facts '' about the program 's problem domain . Traditionally , Prolog is used as the host language , so its data structures and variables are used . The rest of this section uses a neutral , mathematical notation that is common in the CHR literature .
A CHR program , then , consists of rules that manipulate a multi-set of these terms , called the constraint store . Rules come in three types :
Simplification rules have the form . When they match the heads and the guards hold , simplification rules may rewrite the heads into the body .
Propagation rules have the form . These rules add the constraints in the body to the store , without removing the heads .
Simpagation rules combine simplification and propagation . They are written . For a simpagation rule to fire , the constraint store must match all the rules in the head and the guards must hold true . The constraints before they are kept , as a in a propagation rule ; the remaining constraints are removed .
Since simpagation rules subsume simplification and propagation , all CHR rules follow the format
where each of is a conjunction of constraints : and contain CHR constraints , while the guards are built-in . Only one of needs to be non-empty .
The host language must also define built-in constraints over terms . The guards in rules are built-in constraints , so they effectively execute host language code . The built-in constraint theory must include at least true ( the constraint that always holds ) , fail ( the constraint that never holds , and is used to signal failure ) and equality of terms , i.e. , unification . When the host language does not support these features , they must be implemented along with CHR .
Execution of a CHR program starts with an initial constraint store . The program then proceeds by matching rules against the store and applying them , until either no more rules match ( success ) or the fail constraint is derived . In the former case , the constraint store can be read off by a host language program to look for facts of interest . Matching is defined as `` one-way unification '' : it binds variables only on one side of the equation . Pattern matching can be easily implemented when as unification when the host language supports it .
Example program
The following CHR program , in Prolog syntax , contains four rules that implement a solver for a less-or-equal constraint . The rules are labeled for convenience ( labels are optional in CHR ) .
% X leq Y means variable X is less-or-equal to variable Y
reflexivity @ X leq X < = > true .
antisymmetry @ X leq Y , Y leq X < = > X = Y .
transitivity @ X leq Y , Y leq Z == > X leq Z .
idempotence @ X leq Y \ X leq Y < = > true .
The rules can be read in two ways . In the declarative reading , three of the rules specify the axioms of a partial ordering :
Reflexivity : X ≤ X
Antisymmetry : if X ≤ Y and Y ≤ X , then X = Y
Transitivity : if X ≤ Y and Y ≤ Z , then X ≤ Z
All three rules are implicitly universally quantified ( upper-cased identifiers are variables in Prolog syntax ) . The idempotence rule is a tautology from the logical viewpoint , but has a purpose in the second reading of the program .
The second way to read the above is as a computer program for maintaining a constraint store , a collection of facts ( constraints ) about objects . The constraint store is not part of this program , but must be supplied separately . The rules express the following rules of computation :
Reflexivity is a simplification rule : it expresses that , if a fact of the form X ≤ X is found in the store , it may be removed .
Antisymmetry is also a simplification rule , but with two heads . If two facts of the form X ≤ Y and Y ≤ X can be found in the store ( with matching X and Y ) , then they can be replaced with the single fact X = Y . Such an equality constraint is considered built in , and implemented as a unification that is typically handled by the underlying Prolog system .
Transitivity is a propagation rule . Unlike simplification , it does not remove anything from the constraint store ; instead , when facts of the form X ≤ Y and Y ≤ Z ( with the same value for Y ) are in the store , a third fact X ≤ Z may be added .
Idempotence , finally , is a simpagation rule , a combined simplification and propagation . When it finds duplicate facts , it removes them from the store . Duplicates may occur because constraint stores are multi-sets of facts .
Given the query
A leq B , B leq C , C leq A
the following transformations may occur :
The transitivity rule adds A leq C. Then , by applying the antisymmetry rule , A leq C and C leq A are removed and replaced by A = C. Now the antisymmetry rule becomes applicable on the first two constraints of the original query . Now all CHR constraints are eliminated , so no further rules can be applied , and the answer A = B , A = C is returned : CHR has correctly inferred that all three variables must refer to the same object .
Execution of CHR programs
To decide which rule should `` fire '' on a given constraint store , a CHR implementation must use some pattern matching algorithm . Candidate algorithms include RETE and TREAT , but most implementation use a lazy algorithm called LEAPS .
The original specification of CHR 's semantics was entirely non-deterministic , but the so-called `` refined operation semantics '' of Duck et al . removed much of the non-determinism so that application writers can rely on the order of execution for performance and correctness of their programs .
Most applications of CHRs require that the rewriting process be confluent ; otherwise the results of searching for a satisfying assignment will be nondeterministic and unpredictable . Establishing confluence is usually done by way of the following three properties :
A CHR program is locally confluent if all its critical pairs are joinable .
A CHR program is called terminating if there are no infinite computations .
A terminating CHR program is confluent if all its critical pairs are joinable .
See also
Constraint programming
Constraint logic programming
Logic programming
Production system ( computer science )
Business rules engines
Rewriting
References
Further reading
Christiansen , Henning . `` CHR grammars . '' Theory and Practice of Logic Programming 5.4-5 ( 2005 ) : 467-501 .
External links
CHR Bibliography
The CHR mailing list
The K.U.Leuven CHR System
WebCHR : a CHR web interface
Constraint logic programming
Declarative programming languages
Constraint programming languages
Concurrent programming languages
Durton Manor ( also Drodintone , 11th century ; Dertune , 13th century ; Droditone , 14th century ) was a manor house on the Isle of Wight , situated in the parish of Arreton .
Durton , a mile and a half east of Newport , was a manor at the time of Domesday held by Soartin , one of the king 's thegns , who had previously held it under King Edward as a freehold . Of this manor William rented two thirds of a hide . Geoffrey Whyteye died in 1309–10 holding 8 acres of land there of Peter Devercy , lord of East Standen , by knight service , and other land of other overlords . They died without heirs and the tenement probably lapsed to the various overlords .
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page 's `` A History of the County of Hampshire : Volume 5 ( 1912 ) '' , a publication now in the public domain
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Manor houses in England
Jim Hart is a Canadian politician and retired public servant who is the current chair of the Toronto Police Services Board since October 22 , 2019 . Hart served as a Toronto city councillor from 2017 to 2018 , representing Ward 44 Scarborough East , and was a former general manager of Toronto Parks , Forestry & Recreation .
Career
City of Toronto
Hart is a former general manager of the Toronto Parks , Forestry and Recreation Division and served in Councillor Ron Moeser 's office as an assistant . They retired in 2014 after working in the Toronto government for 31 years .
Politics
Hart was appointed to the Toronto City Council in a 27 to 44 vote , beating former mayoral candidate David Soknacki following the death in office of Ron Moeser . They were endorsed via a letter to council by Moeser 's widow , Heather .
Hart stated during their speech to council that if appointed , they will not seek re-election in the 2018 Toronto election .
Toronto Police Services Board
As councillor , Hart served as vice-chair of the Toronto Police Services Board .
As of September 30 , 2019 , Hart was appointed to the Toronto Police Services Board for a three-year term . On October 22 , 2019 , they were elected interim chair .
References
External links
Councillor Jim Hart
Appointment to fill the vacancy in the Office of Councillor , Ward 44 , Scarborough - East
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
People from Scarborough , Toronto
Canadian civil servants
Toronto city councillors
Toronto Police Service
Nünegg Castle is a ruined castle in the municipality of Hohenrain of the Canton of Lucerne in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Lucerne
Castles in the canton of Lucerne
Ruined castles in Switzerland
A keratoscope , sometimes known as Placido 's disk , is an ophthalmic instrument used to assess the shape of the anterior surface of the cornea . A series of concentric rings is projected onto the cornea and their reflection viewed by the examiner through a small hole in the centre of the disk . A regular-shaped cornea should show equally spaced symmetric reflections . If the patient is suffering from astigmatism or from a corneal dystrophy , the rings will be distorted .
A modern development of the concept is found in corneal topography , in which analysis of the reflected image is passed to a computer . The automated instrument can produce colour-coded contour maps of the eye 's topography or even three-dimensional visualisations of its surface .
References
Ophthalmology
Ophthalmic equipment
Alexandre-Dominique Denuelle , a French decorative painter and architect , was born in Paris in 1818 . They studied under Delaroche , and afterwards served on the Commission for Historical Monuments . They died at Florence in 1879 . They were largely engaged in mural paintings for churches , and specimens of their art will be found in the Abbey of St. Denis , in St. Paul at Nîmes , St. Polycarp at Lyons , the Oratory at Birmingham , the Church of the Celestines at Avignon , and in Strassburg Cathedral .
References
1818 births
1879 deaths
19th-century French painters
French male painters
19th-century French architects
French muralists
Painters from Paris
Architects from Paris
19th-century French male artists
The Helmholtz Graduate School Environmental Health ( HELENA ) , located in Neuherberg north of Munich , was opened on November 1 , 2010 . It is a joint initiative for the promotion of doctoral students of the Helmholtz Zentrum München - German Research Center for Environmental Health , the Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München , and the Technische Universität München .
Description
With its orientation on Environmental Health , HELENA focuses thematically on the pathogenic processes of common diseases that affect a large number of people , such as chronic lung diseases , diabetes , cardiovascular diseases , cancer , Alzheimer 's disease and depression . These diseases develop out of a complex interaction of individual genetic predisposition and environmental influences such as food , lifestyle , stress , or pollutants .
The structured program of the Helmholtz graduate school HELENA offers participants an individualized course of study within eight thematic tracks , which cover the entire spectrum of Environmental Health research . Additionally , the promotion of competence in management , leadership , and communication lays the foundation for a successful scientific career . Each doctoral student can choose his/her personal curriculum individually from the offering .
Thematic fields of education
Lung Biology and Disease
Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases
Neuro and Stem Cell Biology
Systems Biology , Imaging and Structural Biology
Ecosystems Biology
Epidemiology , Health Economics and Human Genetics
Infection , Immune and Tumor Biology
Radiation Research
Organisation
Advisory board ( scientific orientation )
Management board with representatives of the universities , the Helmholtz Zentrum München , and the graduate students
Thesis committee ( supervision of the students ' work )
Graduate student office provides service
A thesis committee guides graduate students during their doctoral studies . The committee is composed of the direct mentor , the doctoral supervisor , and an external expert . At annual meetings , the progress of a project is reviewed . After two-and-a-half years , in consultation with the thesis committee , the student has a plan in place to complete their scientific work .
References
Postgraduate schools in Germany
Universities and colleges in Bavaria
Education in Munich
Cotilda Inapo is a Ugandan female stand-up comedian , actor , freelance copywriter , motivational speaker and events host ( or MC ) who joined professional comedy in 2009 and grew as a member of the Crackers ( sometimes spelled Krackers ) . Their performances were broadcast on NTV and NBS . Cotilda left Laftaz unceremoniously and joined Comedy Files at Theatre La Bonita .
Career
Cotilda attended the M-Net Search for Uganda 's Top Stand-up Comedian because their buddies were trying out . When it ended , a section of participants formed The Crackers . Initial shows were at Efendy 's Turkish Restaurant in Kampala . When they asked a member of the audience to come up and crack a joke or two , they went on stage thrice and made people laugh all those times . So they asked them to try permanently .
Cotilda started the Queens of Comedy group that has over 11 members . They have performed in Zambia , Kenya ( Churchill Show ) , Nigeria ( Night Of A Thousand Laughs alongside comedians like Basketmouth in 2012 ) and Malawi ( hosted with Teacher Mpamiire and Anne Kansiime ) . Them motivation to go on came from the fact that they had already made up their mind `` there is no turning back '' . They worked as a Creative Director for Anne Kansiime and believes there are n't enough women in stand-up comedy because of the fear of being judged . They set their own boundaries , says whatever they want and believes passion is what any comedian needs plus aligning your destiny with GOD . Them skits are available on YouTube and other social media platforms .
Personal life
Cotilda was married to Joseph Omoding for 2 years before divorce proceedings started but conceived a son . They like dancing in supermarkets , enjoys dry tea and groundnuts . Cotilda is a Computer Science graduate from Makerere University Kampala . At campus , they were a liturgy secretary . They are an Old Girl of Gayaza High School and Uganda Martyrs SSS , Namugongo . Inapo is a Talent Manager at Concepts 360 Gurus .
References
Ugandan stand-up comedians
Ugandan women comedians
Frederick Stuart may refer to :
Frederick Stuart ( British politician ) ( 1751–1802 ) , MP for Ayr Burghs and Buteshire
Frederick Stuart ( Australian politician ) ( 1879–1954 ) , Australian member of New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Freddie Stuart , English actor in the 2002 Spooks episode `` Traitor 's Gate ''
See also
Frederick Stuart Church ( 1842–1924 ) , American drawing artist and illustrator
Frederick Stuart Greene ( 1870–1939 ) , American Superintendent of New York State Public Works
Frederick Stewart ( disambiguation )
Strymon is a genus of scrub hairstreak butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . It is a highly distinct lineage in the tribe Eumaeini , and was at one time even treated as a monotypic tribe Strymonini . The species of the genus are found in the Nearctic , the Palearctic and the Neotropical realms .
List of species
Strymon acis
Strymon aeroides
Strymon albata
Strymon alea
Strymon aliparops
Strymon amphyporphyra
Strymon andrewi
Strymon arola
Strymon astiocha
Strymon atrofasciata
Strymon avalona
Strymon baptistorum
Strymon basalides
Strymon basilides
Strymon bazochii
Strymon bebrycia
Strymon borus
Strymon bubastus
Strymon buchholzi
Strymon caryaevorus
Strymon cestri
Strymon chlorophora
Strymon clarionensis
Strymon columella
Strymon coolinensis
Strymon coronos
Strymon crambusa
Strymon crossoea
Strymon cyanofusca
Strymon cycnus
Strymon desertorum
Strymon echion
Strymon falacer
Strymon faunalia
Strymon favonius
Strymon fentoni
Strymon flavaria
Strymon fletcheri
Strymon franki
Strymon gerhardi
Strymon godarti
Strymon golbachi
Strymon humuli
Strymon hyperici
Strymon ilicis
Strymon istapa
Strymon lacyi
Strymon lariyojoa
Strymon limenia
Strymon liparops
Strymon lorrainea
Strymon lynceus
Strymon martialis
Strymon maura
Strymon melinus
Strymon montanensis
Strymon mulucha
Strymon nicolayi
Strymon obsoleta
Strymon pan
Strymon peristictos
Strymon provo
Strymon pruina
Strymon pruni
Strymon rhaptos
Strymon rufofusca
Strymon serapio
Strymon setonia
Strymon silenus non Fabricius , 1775
Strymon souhegan
Strymon spini
Strymon strigosa
Strymon yojoa
Strymon ziba
External links
`` Strymon Hübner , 1818 '' at Markku Savela 's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Butterflies of North America
Butterflies of Central America
Butterflies of the Caribbean
Lycaenidae of South America
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Showgirls 2 : Penny 's from Heaven is the 2011 camp sequel to the film Showgirls . It stars and is written , produced , edited , and directed by Rena Riffel , who reprises their role from the first film .
An early script and Kickstarter fundraising campaign for the project was titled Showgirl , and the script was originally titled Stardancer . The film was released in theatres at midnight film showings , art house theatres , film festivals , and charity non-profit organizations , and also received worldwide distribution on DVD and VOD .
The film features numerous cast members from the first film who reprise their original roles . These include Dewey Weber , Greg Travis , Glenn Plummer , Andrew Štefánik , and Rena Riffel .
Premise
The plot heavily echoes that of the original film , focusing on showgirl Penny Slot ( Riffel ) as they attempt to rise to fame as a dancer .
Cast
Rena Riffel as Penny Slot / Helga
Glenn Plummer than Jimmy Smith
Greg Travis as Phil
Dewey Weber as Jeffrey
Peter Stickles as Godhardt Brandt
Ford Austin as Mr . Von Brausen
Blanca Blanco as Mrs . Von Brausen
Hoyt Richards as Detective John Clayburn
Marc Wasserman as Daryl Smith , Hollywood Producer
Dylan Vox as Rocco
Steve Williams as Franky
Ted Alderman as Daryl
Chae Amando as Domonique
Nomi Madness as Sebastian
Clinton H. Wallace as Sammy Davis
MYC Agnew as Vladamir Von Der Hoertberg
Brad Kilmer as Ceasar Stardust
Amber Dawn Lee as Dominique , The Executive
Maria Marini as Madame Sarah Bright
Bradley Laise as Mister Rainbow
Benjamin Ramirez as Magnolia Silver
Lotti Pharriss Knowles as Gladys , Homeless Showgirl
John V. Knowles as Diggs , Homeless Showboy
Chris Saranchock as Al , Strip Club Boss
Brooke Mason as Sapphire , The Secretary
Shelley Michelle as Katya Vardiova
Paula Labaredes as Maria Strauss
Elissa Dowling as 'Ultra Vixen '
Lenora Claire as 'Emerald '
Jade Paris as Karen
DeeDee Bigelow as Gloria
Erin Affourtit as Tammy
Sherill Turner as 'Sugar '
Karen Agnes as 'Cupcake '
Christa Bormann as Jenny
Holly Fraser as 'Uber-Nanna '
Ayesha Orange as Uta
Kristin Campbell-Taylor as Gerda
Christy Cody as Bertha
Julia Sandberg Hansson as Julia , The Mask Dancer
References
External links
2011 direct-to-video films
2011 films
American thriller films
2010s English-language films
Direct-to-video sequel films
Films about striptease
American satirical films
Unofficial sequel films
2010s thriller films
Films about interracial romance
2010s American films
Hasan Cuneyd Zapsu ( born 19 November 1956 in İstanbul ) is a Turkish business person of Kurdish and Balkan origins . They were a co-founder of the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) in Turkey as well as the founder of Balsu , one of the world 's leading hazelnut producers .
Early life and education
Zapsu was born in Istanbul . They are a descendant of Bedir Khan Beg and Kurdish poet . After the Turkish coup d'état of 1960 , their family had to leave Turkey as their father was a politician in the governing Democrat Party . They relocated to Munich , Germany , where they attended primary school . They returned to Istanbul in the second half of the 1960s , and they studied at Istanbul 's German High School . After their graduation , they studied business administration at the Istanbul University and later economy at the Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich .
Professional career
In 1977 they launched their business career and held various positions in the companies their family owned . They founded Balsu , which would go on to become a leading hazelnut exporter in 1978 . They were the President of the Association of Exporters of Istanbul between 1987 and 2001 and was a founder of several hazelnut-related associations . In 1995 Zapsu and their brother Aziz co-founded the Turkish discount store chain BiM . They sold their shares to Merrill Lynch in 2000 .
Yasin Kadi controversy
The Zapsu brothers business relations with Saudi entrepreneur Yasin Kadi brought them under the attention of Turkish authorities , as Kadi was on the financiers of terror list of the United Nations . Cuneyd Zapsu and their mother had also donated $ 300,000 to the charity Mufaqaf in the 1990s , which was closely related to Yasin Kadi and had been classified as to be connected to Al Qaeda by the United States following the September 11 attacks in New York . Zapsu denied any irregularities in their business relations and Guy Martin , Kadi 's lawye , stated that no UN sanctions were breached with the transactions in question . Today Yasin Kadi has been cleared of all allegations .
Political career
In 2001 , they resigned from their businesses and became a founding member of the AKP . They never are a candidate to parliament , but was an important adviser to Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and often the sole translator in meetings Erdoğan held with Western politicians . At that time they were mentioned as the `` shadow foreign minister “ . Since 2002 , they have accompanied Erdoğan to the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) in Davos of which they are also a member . In 2003 they supported a political solution to the conflict of Cyprus and advised Kurdish rebels to demand their rights in a political way as the laws in 2003 were much better than before .
Return to business
They resigned as advisor to Erdoğan in 2008 and founded the Cuneyd Zapsu Consultancy Inc. which serves as an advisor to various global and Turkish enterprises . They have also returned to the hazelnut processor and exporter Balsu . They serve as a senior advisor to Coca-Cola since 2012 and in May 2017 , they were appointed a member of the board to the company in charge of the construction of the Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant . Since 1986 , they are also a member of the Turkish Industry and Business Association ( TÜSAID ) and serves as a Member of the executive committee for the International Nut and Dried Fruit Council ( INC ) since 2007 .
Personal life
Zapsu resides in Istanbul . They are married to Beyza Zapsu and is the father of three children . Through their paternal aunt , they are related to Musa Anter .
References
Justice and Development Party ( Turkey ) politicians
Turkish Kurdish people
Businesspeople from Istanbul
1956 births
Living people
`` A Song of Joy '' ( `` Himno de la alegría '' ) is the title of a popular rock song by the Spanish singer and actor Miguel Ríos . It is set to the tune the Ninth Symphony by Ludwig van Beethoven , as arranged by Waldo de los Ríos , who specialized in arranging classical music to contemporary rhythms .
The same melody is used in the well-known Christian hymn , `` Joyful , Joyful We Adore Thee . ''
The single was enormously popular in many countries in 1970 ( see 1970 in music ) , reaching number 1 on music charts in Australia , Canada , Germany , Switzerland , and the Easy Listening chart in the United States . On the U.S. pop chart , the song peaked at number 14 and was the only Top 40 hit for Ríos . In the United Kingdom , it reached number 16 on the British pop chart . In Germany , the song is the most successful pop hymn ever .
The single sold over four million copies worldwide .
Chart history
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of number-one singles in Australia during the 1970s
List of RPM number-one singles of 1970
List of number-one hits of 1970 and 1971 ( Germany )
List of number-one hits of 1970 ( Switzerland )
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1970 ( U.S . )
References
External links
European 7 '' single release info Discogs
1969 songs
1970 singles
Number-one singles in Australia
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Number-one singles in Germany
Number-one singles in Switzerland
CONMEBOL music
Forza Campania ( Forward Campania , FC ) was a short-lived political party in Campania , Italy , functioning primarily as a group of elects within the Regional Council of Campania . The group was inspired by the former undersecretary for the economy and former Forza Italia regional coordinator Nicola Cosentino .
Forza Campania was formed in January 2014 as a split from the Forza Italia group of seven regional councilors , who nevertheless did not abandon the party . The foundation of the new group was strongly contested by Silvio Berlusconi , who saw in it an attempt to steal votes from Forza Italia .
Forza Campania was finally dissolved in June 2014 .
References
2014 disestablishments in Italy
2014 establishments in Italy
Political parties disestablished in 2014
Political parties established in 2014
Political parties in Campania
BDSec Joint Stock Company is a stock brokerage and investment banking firm in Mongolia . Established in 1991 as a part of Mongolian Stock Exchange in Tuv province , it now plays a central role in the domestic securities market . Its name originates from the company 's original name , Bayan Dukhum Securities . Headquartered in Ulaanbaatar and with branch offices in Orkhon , Dornogobi , Tuv and Darkhan-Uul provinces , BDSec operates through four business divisions : brokerage , underwriting , investment advisory and research .
History
BDSec was founded in 1991 as a brokerage and dealing firm “ Bayandukhum ” in order to receive and register common shares of Property Privatization from citizens of Tuv Province . In 1995 , the company was re-organized to provide comprehensive brokerage and dealing service on the stock market , under the name of BDSec LLC .
In 1998 , the current management team acquired BDSec and moved its headquarters from Tuv province to the capital city Ulaanbaatar . In 2000 , BDSec became the largest dealer of the Government bonds . Upon receiving the official license for underwriting from the Financial Regulatory Commission in 2004 , it became the first independent underwriter and chief dealer for corporate bonds , and successfully introduced Puma Bond to the fixed income market . In 2005 , BDSec made an agreement with “ Moninjbar ” , the civil engineering and plumbing company , to act as official underwriter for its “ Reformation Bond ” . BDSec went public in 2006 and currently it is the 7th largest MSE-listed company in terms of market capitalization . In the same year , they underwrote Genco Tour Bureau as the first IPO in the public equity market . They also completed the secondary issue of “ Puma Bond ” in 2006 . In 2007 , BDSec entered into an agreement with New York–based brokerage firm , Auerbach Grayson & Co , Inc. which became its official representative in the United States of America . In the same year , they also completed IPOs of HBOil JSC , Moninjbar JSC and Tuul Songino Water Resource JSC through its underwriting arm . In 2008 , BDSec successfully managed MNT 3.2 billion IPO of Khukh Gan JSC , MNT 0.3bn IPO of Naco Fuel JSC , MNT 0.6bn secondary offering of HBOil JSC and MNT 2.8bn secondary offering for BDSec JSC . They started public education program in 2008 with giving a free lectures and training about the capital market to the domestic people . In 2009 , BDSec initiated and started `` Green IPO '' movement that aims to support environment friendly companies to raise capital on the MSE and with necessary working capital . In 2010 , total transaction amount executed by BDSec has exceeded over 100 billion MNT and they won the tender to service account holders in Orkhon province ( Erdenet city ) announced by the FRC . The National Chamber named BDSec the “ best entrepreneur of the year ” in 2010 and in 2011 .
Considered one of the fastest growing frontier markets , the Mongolian stock market was the best performing market in 2010 and the second best performing market in 2011 globally . BDSec has kept its leading position , executing 68 percent of total transactions executed on MSE in 2011 . In addition , BDSec introduced few new issuance to the Mongolian securities market , namely Silikat IPO , Just Agro bond and Sharyn Gol rights issue , all of them being the first ones in 3 years .
References
External links
http : //investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp ? privcapId=44462331
http : //www.frontiersinsight.com/company_page.php ? company=3336 & company_page_profile=company_profile
http : //classified.japantimes.com/ads/pdfs/20110801-mongolia.pdf
https : //web.archive.org/web/20160304071644/http : //www.mongolchamber.mn:8080/ccip1/pub/cci/member/viewmemberen/101
Financial services companies of Mongolia
Ari-Mikko Kuustonen ( born March 4 , 1960 , in Leppävirta , Finland ) is a Finnish singer-songwriter and television personality .
In 1998 Kuustonen was the first Finn to be nominated as a UNFPA Goodwill Ambassador . The following year they were awarded the Church 's Peace Prize ( Kirkon rauhanpalkinto ) . In 2003 they were nominated as The Most Positive Finn .
Kuustonen 's daughters Iina Kuustonen and Minka Kuustonen are both actores .
Studio albums
Jää kuuntelemaan ( 1979 )
Musta jalokivi ( 1991 )
Abrakadabra ( 1992 )
Aurora ( 1994 )
Valon valtakunta ( 1994 )
Siksak ( 1996 )
Seepran varjo ( 1997 )
Atlantis ( 2000 )
Musta ( 2003 )
Hietaniemi ( 2007 )
Profeetta ( 2008 )
Agricolankatu 11 ( 2017 )
References
External links
Mikko Kuustonen 's Official web site
1960 births
Living people
20th-century Finnish male singers
Finnish songwriters
People from Leppävirta
21st-century Finnish male singers
The Colonial Museum of Bogotá ( Museo Colonial de Bogotá ) was inaugurated on August 6 , 1942 under President of the Republic Eduardo Santos Montejo and their Minister of Education Germán Arciniegas . Its headquarters is the Casa de las Aulas , a 17th-century building that was the headquarters of the High School of the Society of Jesus , today the Xaverian University and Colegio Mayor de San Bartolomé , in Bogotá .
Collections
The pieces initially exhibited in the Colonial Museum came mostly from private collections owned by Bogota 's high society in the end of the 19th century . These collections had been formed due to the process of confiscation of ecclesiastical property initiated by Tomás Cipriano de Mosquera around 1861 . The paintings expropriated from the Church passed into the hands of private individuals and some of these in turn were given to different museums as a donation .
These initial collections have been gradually supplemented with new works received by donation or acquired . The museum currently has 1,577 pieces , including easel paintings , textiles , sculpture , furniture , silverware , numismatics , prints , and manuscripts .
The museum houses the largest existing collection of works by the New Granadan colonial painter , Gregorio Vásquez de Arce y Ceballos , including easel paintings and a complete series of drawings attributed to him .
History
The Colonial Museum is located in the Claustro de las Aulas , built at the beginning of the 17th century based on the design of Juan Bautista Coluccini , S.J . The building was initially the seat of the High School of the Society of Jesus and from the first half of the 18th century of the Pontifical Xaverian University . After the expulsion of the Society of Jesus in 1767 , the Cloister had multiple uses . Here the Congress of the Republic met in its early years , it was the Military Barracks , headquarters of the Colombian National Museum , the National Library and , finally , headquarters of the Museum of Colonial Art since August 6 , 1942 , the date on which it was inaugurated . under the presidency of Eduardo Santos Montejo , being Minister of Education Germán Arciniegas .
Some of the historical facts related to the building that houses the Colonial Museum denote the value of the `` Casa de las Aulas '' as a center of national life . Other events that occurred there include : The inauguration of Antonio Nariño as president before the city council in 1812 , having served as a prison for Francisco de Paula Santander after the conspiracy against Bolívar in 1828 , having hosted the installation of the Congreso Admirable in 1830 presided over by Simón Bolívar and finally having served as the premiere place for the Colombian national anthem , performed for the first time in the so-called “ Capilla de Indios ” on December 6 , 1887 .
This is the timeline of its history :
1604 On September 27 , the Jesuit College opens . Fr . Dadey makes the presentation in front of the Audiencia de los Cabildos and the most notable of the Santafereña society .
1605 On October 18 , the act of erection and foundation of the Seminary College is signed . It begins to function in what is now the Palacio de San Carlos .
1620 On September 5 , a Royal Certificate authorizes the Jesuits to grant degrees .
1622 The Xaverian Academy is founded .
1634 The Government of New Granada recognizes the Xaverian Academy .
1702 On May 27 , news arrives of an exaltation from the Academy to Xaverian University .
1761 On Saturday , December 25 , an image of Our Lady of Light is placed in paint with a silver frame , donated by the Viceroy Don José Solís Folch de Cardona .
1767 On September 23 the Jesuits are expelled . The notary public José Roxas , the judges Verástegui and Moreno y Escandón compiled the inventories of the expropriated goods .
1812 On October 23 at eight in the morning , Don Antonio Nariño takes office as Dictator President before the Cabildo .
1813 On January 9 , General Francisco de Paula Santander falls prisoner in the battle of San Victorino and is confined in the Casa de las Aulas .
1823 On December 25 , the Casa de las Aulas is destined for the National Public Library .
1824 On July 4 , the Natural History Museum opens to the public , inaugurated by the Vice President , General Francisco de Paula Santander . Likewise , classes begin at the School of Natural Sciences .
1828 General Francisco de Paula Santander former vice president is held as a prisoner after the conspiracy against Bolívar .
1830 On January 20 , the Congreso Admirable is installed , with the words of the Liberator Simón Bolívar , electing Antonio José de Sucre , Grand Marshal of Ayacucho , as President and José María Estévez , Bishop of Santa Marta , as Vice President .
1830 On April 29 , the Congreso Admirable issues the constitutional charter .
1831 On September 25 , the National Convention meets in the Capilla Castrense .
1832 José María Obando ordered that the Public Library be transferred to the University .
1842 The Chapel becomes the Hall of University Degrees , Justice Hearings and other public acts , without ceasing to be the seat of the National Assembly .
1851 The Library suffers damage as a result of the Revolution .
1854 On April 17 and until June 21 , 1885 , the Casa de las Aulas is converted into the General Headquarters .
1856 Don José Jerónimo Triana delivers their Herbarium to the Museum of Natural History . The Library logo appears .
1871 The Museum is evicted and its elements are piled up in the halls of the Library , which has suffered deterioration due to the excavations carried out in search of treasures .
1887 On December 6 , the Colombian national anthem is released .
1942 On August 6 the Museum of Colonial Art is inaugurated .
Present
During the first decade of the 21st century , the Colonial Museum entered a process of transformation that seeks to communicate to the visiting public the cultural processes that took place between the 16th and 18th centuries . In this context , there has been a museological renewal that encompasses both its administrative organization and new curatorial and museographic approaches , which make visible the memory of the colonial in Colombia . For almost 3 years , the Museum was closed to the public in preparation for the structural renovation of the Claustro de las Aulas . On August 3 , 2017 , it reopened its doors with a new curatorial and museographic script .
See also
List of colonial buildings in Bogotá
List of museums in Colombia
References
Art museums and galleries in Colombia
Museums in Bogotá
17th-century religious buildings and structures
Minister for Tourism , Culture and Sport may refer to :
a former department of the Government of Ireland from 2010 to 2011 , now renamed as Minister for Arts , Heritage and the Gaeltacht
a former department of the Scottish Government from 2003 to 2007
Mikron may refer to :
Mikron Group , a Russian manufacturer
Mikron O'Jeneus , a version of comics character Gizmo
Mikron Theatre Company , an English theatre company that tours by canal boat
Walter Mikron , a Czech aircraft engine
Parma Mikron III UL , an engine development for ultralight aircraft
See also
Micron ( disambiguation )
Fenpiverinium is an anticholinergic and antispasmodic compound ; it is marketed as a combination drug with pitofenone hydrochloride and either nimesulide or metamizole in Eastern Europe and India to treat smooth muscle spasms and pain .
The combination with metamizole was removed from the market in Lithuania for safety reasons in 2000 and a boxed warning against use by children and adolescents was added in Serbia in 2005 . In 2016 India banned marketing of the combination with nimesulide along with 344 other combination drugs ; the order was overturned in December and appealed by the Government in January 2017 .
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Piperidines
Butyramides
A hydraulic tanker is an oil tanker designed to use water as an incompressible fluid for loading and unloading petroleum cargo . Each cargo tank is kept full at all times so oil floating on water will be pressed against the top of the tank . A cargo tank initially filled with water is loaded with the desired quantity of oil by pumping oil into the top of the tank displacing water which overflows through an opening at the bottom of the tank . The cargo tank is unloaded by removing oil from the top of the tank as water is admitted at the bottom .
Theory
Hydraulic tanker design bases :
Oil is lighter than water .
Oil and water will not mix in a full tank .
Water is an inexpensively available hydraulic fluid .
Absence of airspace prevents formation of explosive gas mixtures .
Advantages
Oil pumps located on an upper deck avoid dangerous volatile hydrocarbon accumulations in pump rooms near the bottom of a ship . Ship stability is improved by eliminating free surface in partially filled tanks . Ship structural stresses are reduced by eliminating dynamic loading caused by sloshing of fluids in partially filled tanks . Avoiding exposure to atmospheric oxygen reduces corrosion within the tank , and reduces hardening of residual crude oil deposits remaining after unloading .
Disadvantages
The hydraulic system is ineffective with heavy or viscous oils and not recommended for greater than 15-degree Baumé . Heating coils must be placed near the top of tanks , where they are less efficient . An hydraulic tanker requires a larger volume of void space for buoyancy than conventionally loaded tanks , because the empty , or ballasted , condition of tanks filled with water is heavier than the loaded condition of tanks filled with oil . A heavier ballasted condition may also increase round trip fuel consumption .
Many petroleum compounds have limited solubility in water . Low solubility is typically of negligible concern with respect to product loss , but toxic petroleum products may be regarded as pollution in the water displaced as a tank is loaded with petroleum . The latter disadvantage may be insignificant where navigable waters contain elevated background levels of petroleum products ; and the advantages make hydraulic tankers useful oil spill recovery ships when their storage tanks may act as oil–water separators .
Notes
Sources
+
+
Ship types
Nazmabad ( , also Romanized as Naz̧mābād ; also known as Nizāmābād ) is a village in Sedeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 453 , in 139 families .
References
Populated places in Arak County
Utricularia subg . Utricularia is a subgenus in the genus Utricularia .
See also
List of Utricularia species
References
Utricularia
Plant subgenera
Magnus Takvam ( born 26 June 1952 ) is a Norwegian journalist .
They are currently employed as a news analyst in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation , appearing on the evening news Dagsrevyen and the radio news magazine Dagsnytt Atten . They were employed in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation in 1983 .
Magnus Takvam is the son of poet Marie Takvam .
References
1952 births
Living people
Norwegian broadcast news analysts
NRK people
Norwegian non-fiction writers
Deh Now-e Shur ( , also Romanized as Deh Now-e Shūr ; also known as Dehnow-e Sarbor ) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 127 , in 35 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Van Buren County Courthouse may refer to :
Van Buren County Courthouse ( Arkansas )
Van Buren County Courthouse ( Iowa ) , Keosauqua , Iowa
Van Buren County Courthouse ( Michigan )
René Joseph Rakotondrabé ( 12 September 1932 – 9 July 2012 ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Toamasina , Madagascar .
Biography
Rakotondrabé was born 12 September 1932 in Fandriana and was ordained to the priesthood in 1960 . They were named auxiliary Bishop of Toliara and Titular Bishop of Umbriatico in 1972 , Bishop of Toliara in 1974 , and Bishop of Toamasina in 1989 .
They retired in 2008 and died 9 July 2012 .
References
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Madagascar
1932 births
2012 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Madagascar
Malagasy Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Toliara
Roman Catholic bishops of Toamasina
The Dutch National Students Association ( , ISO ; lit . `` Intercity Student Consultation '' ) is one of two national representation and spokespeople of students in the Netherlands at the Ministry of Education , Culture and Science , VSNU ( Association of Universities in the Netherlands ) , Association of Higher Professional Education , DUO , etc .
The purpose of ISO is to improve the quality of higher education , protection of students ' interests and representation of 688.000 students in higher education .
ISO is a full member of the European Students ' Union .
Member Organizations
Academic Affairs Council University College Roosevelt - University College Roosevelt
ASVA Studentenunie - Universiteit van Amsterdam
Lijst Calimero - Rijksuniversiteit Groningen ( homepage )
CMR Avans Hogescholen - Avans Hogeschool
Central Student Council ( CSR ) - Universiteit van Amsterdam
Christen Studenten Fractie ( CSI ) - Wageningen University
SMR Christelijke Hogeschool Ede - Christelijke Hogeschool Ede
DOPE - Universiteit Maastricht
EUR Universiteitsraad - Erasmus University Rotterdam
Fontys studentenraad - Fontys Hogescholen
Front studentenfractie - Universiteit van Tilburg
Groep-één - Eindhoven University of Technology
CMR HAN - Hogeschool van Arnhem en Nijmegen
Hanze Studentbelangen Vereniging - Hanzehogeschool Groningen
Hogeschoolraad van de Haagse Hogeschool - Haagse Hogeschool
CMR HvA - Hogeschool van Amsterdam
HMR Inholland - Hogeschool Inholland
Vereniging MUST - Hogeschool Utrecht
ORAS - Delft University of Technology
CMR Rotterdam - Hogeschool Rotterdam
SAM - Universiteit van Tilburg
GMR Saxion - Saxion Enschede
SGL - Leiden University
SIAM - Radboud University Nijmegen
S.O.G . - University of Groningen
CMR Stenden Hogeschool - Stenden Hogeschool
Studentenraad Open Universiteit Nederland - Open Universiteit
UReka - Universiteit Twente
UU-raad - Universiteit Utrecht
VeSte - Wageningen University
VSSD - Delft University of Technology
VUSO/LSO - Vrije Universiteit
CMR Hogeschool Windesheim - Windesheim
External links
http : //www.iso.nl
Groups of students ' unions
Student organisations in the Netherlands
The third series of Dani 's Castle aired from 7 July 2015 to 22 September 2015 , and then returned on 15 December 2015 for a finale Christmas episode on the CBBC Channel . Dani Harmer did not return as Dani , therefore the show was informally known as Rich Jimmy & Kait 's Castle . The new series introduced two new characters , Clare played by Jessica Forrest and Leonie played by Lucy Hutchinson . Jordan Brown made their last regular appearance as Esme in `` The Ghostel '' , and then reappeared , although not in person , in `` That Sinking Feeling '' , `` Ghost Swappers '' and `` Midsummer Night 's Nightmare '' , they reappeared in person in `` It 's A Wonderful Afterlife '' . Kieran Alleyne was absent in `` Truth or Scare '' , `` Ghost Swappers '' , `` An Inspector Calls '' and `` Groundbog Day '' . They returned in `` Midsummer Night 's Nightmare '' following their brief absence . In `` Choc Horror '' , Jordan Brown reappeared but did not play Esme , instead playing Elly , a relative of Jimmy , Rich and Dylan . Episode 13 , titled `` It 's A Wonderful Afterlife '' , was a Christmas Special . This was the final series .
Cast
Main Cast
Richard Wisker as Rich
Shannon Flynn as Kait
Niall Wright as Gabe
Kieran Alleyne as Jimmy
Toby Murray as Dylan
Jessica Forrest as Clare
Lucy Hutchinson as Leonie
Supporting Cast
Shannon Flynn as Roxy
Niall Wright as Carlos
Recurring Cast
Jordan Brown as Esme
Episodes
Notes
References
2015 British television seasons
series 3
Wickwire Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Florence in Oneida County , north of Camden .
References
Mountains of Oneida County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Nevada Sports Network ( NSN ) is an events and sports-broadcasting group based out of Las Vegas , Nevada . It was founded in 1996 by Alex Shelton and is known for its production of many NCAA bowl game , NCAA Football and Basketball Games of the Week , Nevada Sports Broadcasting of NIAA Football and Basketball Championships as well as branded radio and television shows with Mountain West Conference and live Sporting Events producing radio and television broadcasts .
As a sports-broadcasting group , Nevada Sports Network acquires the rights for live collegiate and pro teams to be broadcast on the Las Vegas Sports Network stations : KWWN ( ESPN Radio ) , KENO ( ESPN Deportes Radio ) , KKGK ( Fox Sports Radio 98.9 FM and 1340 AM ) , and KRLV ( NBC Sports Radio ) , making them one of the largest rights holders for collegiate athletics nationwide .
Nevada Sports Network owned the Las Vegas Broadcasting Rights for the Seattle Seahawks , Denver Broncos , Tennessee Titans and Arizona Cardinals . NCAA - Washington , Hawaii , Washington State , USC , Arizona , Arizona State , Oregon , BYU , Kansas , Utah , Colorado , Oklahoma . MLB - Oakland A 's , Chicago Cubs , Anaheim Angels , New York Yankees . NHL - Los Angeles Kings - being the only radio broadcasts of the NHL in Las Vegas . Their decision to program stations with radio broadcasts of live play by play allowed NSN to partner with other Regional NCAA Event Broadcasters , as they air play by play broadcasts against sports radio stations that air no live games .
NSN has produced the Mountain West Basketball Tournament for National radio , as well as producing their `` This Week in the Mountain West Conference '' Nationally distributed weekly radio show . The NSN National Radio Network was the second largest national radio network in the country only behind Westwood One for many years .
Nevada Sports Network produced live television and radio broadcasts of Nevada High School State Football and Basketball Championships . As a radio network , NSN developed a 10 Radio Station network to broadcast these tournaments . The television broadcasts carried in Reno and Las Vegas were the only statewide broadcasts of radio and television for these events . NSN worked with Television and Radio talent from the Reno area , along with Nevada talent . The Nevada Sports Network website worked with Rivals Network . FOX ( KVVU ) 5 developed a High School Broadcast with Dave Hall and Alex Shelton that aired for 2 years in the Las Vegas market . NSN is the national abbreviation for Nevada Sports Network and is national resource for coverage of Nevada events for National Radio Networks , Top 50 Radio markets . Their Radio Show - Sports Line aired in Las Vegas for 7 years working with KSHP 1400 General Manager Brett Grant , Fred Weinberg of KRLV 1340 and Lotus Radio in Reno and Las Vegas and Lee Pete - the legendary Las Vegas Sports Broadcaster . NSN is a partner with the NIAA and has worked with UNLV and UNR regarding radio and television broadcasts , network growth , sponsorships .
Additionally as an events manager NSN oversees local events . The largest and most well known of these events is the Las Vegas International Beer Festival . Nevada Sports Network developed the Nevada Sports Network Basketball Classic
NSN , in conjunction with Grace Media Unlimited , produced the Dollar General Bowl each year until 2015 . In previous seasons they also produced the Music City Bowl , the Sun Bowl , the Heart of Dallas Bowl , the Military Bowl , the Humanitarian Bowl , and others .
Until 2014 NSN produced a national game of the week for SiriusXM and for other interested stations . Among the broadcasts produced were every edition of the WAC Football Championships . However other national radio companies ( Touchdown Radio , Sports USA , Compass Media ) have taken many of NSN 's broadcasts opportunities away causing the company to get out of the weekly national broadcast business and focus solely on programming the rights for the Las Vegas sports radio stations .
With bowl ties going back to 1996 , NSN was the longest bowl production company for college football , a title now held by ESPN Radio . Before Nevada Sports Network Westwood One held that title until they gave up rights to the Cotton Bowl and Gator Bowl to ESPN Radio . ESPN Radio obtained Radio Broadcasts leveraging their Television Broadcast Deals . The over growth of college bowl games and growth of ESPN Owned Games , rights fees increased to amounts that did not justify rights fees and ESPN Radio Stations slowed their broadcasting of live sporting events .
References
Sports radio networks in the United States
College football on the radio
Nicholas D. Regilio ( born September 4 , 1978 ) is an American former professional baseball pitcher . They played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Texas Rangers .
Career
Regilio was selected by the Texas Rangers in the 2nd round of the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft after attending Jacksonville University for two years . Prior to JU they played at Embry–Riddle Aeronautical University for a year . Regilio spent six years in the minors before the Rangers called them up in 2004 . Regilio appeared in 24 games including four starts for the Rangers over the next two years . They became a free agent after the 2005 season .
Before the 2008 season , Regilio signed a minor league contract with the Houston Astros and was assigned to their Triple-A affiliate , the Round Rock Express . In 50 games for Round Rock , they had a 3.00 ERA and nine saves .
They became a free agent at the end of the season and signed a minor league contract with the Detroit Tigers . Regilio was later released by the Tigers on May 11 , 2009 .
Regalio has since become a baseball coach at New Smyrna Beach High School .
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Arizona League Rangers players
Baseball players from Miami
Charlotte Rangers players
Embry–Riddle Eagles baseball players
Frisco RoughRiders players
Jacksonville Dolphins baseball players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Oklahoma RedHawks players
Peoria Saguaros players
Pulaski Rangers players
Round Rock Express players
Texas Rangers players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Tulsa Drillers players
Tu mi turbi ( also known as You Upset Me and You Disturb Me ) is a 1983 Italian anthology comedy film written , directed and starred by Roberto Benigni . It is both the directorial debut of Benigni and the film debut of Nicoletta Braschi .
Plot summary
The film is divided into four episodes . In the first of these , the pastor Benigno is called by Mary of Nazareth and Joseph to take care of the newborn baby Jesus , who proves to be a brat . They perform a spiteful miracle series , including that of floating in the tub where they have to swim . Benigno confesses to the baby to being hopelessly in love with Mary , but they have to resign , because the Madonna has now taken a husband .
The tramp Benigno desperately searches for their beloved angel of heaven named Angela . When they get information from other angels about the pure soul , Benigno discovers that they are in love with God , and that the two are getting married .
The unemployed Benigno goes to the bank to get a loan for the purchase of a home . They are sent by the bank manager , but Benigno does n't understand the system of bank lending , leading to a series of comical misunderstandings . At the end the manager is exasperated and orders putting Benigno in jail .
The two soldiers Benigno and Claudio are doing the night guard in Rome , at the Altar of the Fatherland , the tomb of the Unknown Soldier . The two begin chatting about communists , and after some reasoning about death in war , Benigno demonstrates with great wonder that God exists .
Cast
Roberto Benigni : Benigno
Olimpia Carlisi : Angela
Claudio Bigagli : soldier
Nicoletta Braschi : Mary
Carlo Monni : Joseph
Giacomo Piperno : bank manager Diotaiuti
Serena Grandi
Mariangela D'Abbraccio
References
External links
1983 films
1983 comedy films
Films directed by Roberto Benigni
Italian anthology films
Italian comedy films
1983 directorial debut films
Portrayals of Jesus in film
Portrayals of the Virgin Mary in film
1980s Italian-language films
1980s Italian films
Bookhead EP is a collaborative EP by alternative hip hop artists Jneiro Jarel and MF Doom under the moniker JJ Doom . It was released on Lex Records on February 17 , 2014 . It features 9 tracks from the 2013 Butter Edition re-release of Key to the Kuffs . The EP was re-released on Vinyl by Lex Records on May 22 , 2017 .
Track listing
References
2012 EPs
Lex Records albums
Albums produced by BadBadNotGood
JJ Doom albums
MF Doom albums
Central Garage is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in King William County , Virginia , United States . The population as of the 2010 census was 1,318 .
Geography
The community is northwest of the center of King William County , around the junction of U.S. Route 360 and Virginia State Route 30 . US 360 leads northeast to Tappahannock and southwest to Richmond , the state capital . VA 30 leads southeast to King William , the county seat , and northwest to U.S. Route 1 in Doswell .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the Central Garage CDP has a total area of , of which , or 0.81 % , are water .
References
Virginia Trend Report 2 : State and Complete Places ( Sub-state 2010 Census Data )
Virginia Department of Transportation-produced road map
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Census-designated places in King William County , Virginia
Census-designated places in Virginia
Vid Kidz was a video game developer formed in 1981 by Defender programmers Eugene Jarvis and Larry DeMar , following their departure from Williams Electronics . Williams contracted with Vid Kidz to design games for them . Vid Kidz was disbanded in 1984 .
Games developed by Vid Kidz
Defender ( 1981 )
Stargate ( 1981 , AKA Defender II )
Robotron : 2084 ( 1982 )
Blaster ( 1983 )
References
Video game development companies
Video game companies of the United States
WMS Industries
Siman Island ( ) is a large island in the Ob River . It is located in Novosibirsk and Tomsk oblasts .
The island is about 45 km long and 15 km wide .
History
In the past , Lugovaya Village was located on the island , founded in the 1850s .
Population
Since 2013 , one person lives on the island ( disabled person ) .
References
Islands of Novosibirsk Oblast
Phlegopsis is a genus of insectivorous passerine birds in the antbird family , Thamnophilidae . They are known as `` bare-eyes '' , which is a reference to a colourful bare patch of skin around their eyes . They are restricted to humid forest in the Amazon of South America . They are among the largest ant-followers in the family and are only rarely seen away from ant swarms .
Taxonomy
The pale-faced bare-eye , sometimes known as the pale-faced antbird , has often been placed in the monotypic genus Skutchia , but based on genetic evidence it should be placed in Phlegopsis , and this treatment was adopted by the SACC in 2010 . Based on a single specimen a fourth species , the Argus bare-eye ( P. barringeri ) has been proposed , but it is a hybrid between P. erythroptera and P. nigromaculata .
The genus contains three species :
Reddish-winged bare-eye ( Phlegopsis erythroptera )
Black-spotted bare-eye ( Phlegopsis nigromaculata )
Pale-faced bare-eye ( Phlegopsis borbae )
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
Townhill is an electoral ward of Swansea , Wales , UK . It is named after the Townhill area of Swansea .
The electoral ward consists of some or all of the following geographical areas : Cwm-Gwyn , Mayhill , and Townhill in the parliamentary constituency of Swansea West . The ward is bounded by the wards of Cockett and Cwmbwrla to the north ; Castle to the east ; and the Uplands to the south .
For electoral purposes the local council divides Townhill into a number of polling districts , which are : Pryderi , Dyfed Avenue , Gwynedd Avenue , Gors Avenue , Mayhill North and Mayhill South . The ward returns three councillors who are Geoffrey Burtonshaw , David Hopkins and Billy Jones , all of whom represent the Labour Party .
2008 local council elections
For the 2008 local council elections , the turnout for Townhill was 26.9 % . The election results were :
Districts
Townhill
The district of Townhill is spread over a steep hill of the same name bordering Mayhill and visible from the Swansea city centre . The area overlooks Swansea City Centre , the docklands and Swansea Bay .
Mayhill
The district of Mayhill is spread over the top of a steep hill just north west of the city centre .
Swansea electoral wards
The Battle of Gospić ( ) was fought in the environs of Gospić , Croatia , from 29 August until 22 September 1991 during the Croatian War of Independence . The battle pitted the Yugoslav People 's Army ( JNA ) , stationed in five barracks in the town , and paramilitary elements of the Serbian Guard against the Croatian National Guard ( ZNG ) , police forces based in Gospić and police reinforcements from elsewhere in Croatia . Fighting in the eastern districts of Gospić , controlled by JNA forces with supporting artillery , was largely static but the balance shifted in favor of the Croatian forces following the capture of several JNA depots and barracks on 14 September . The remaining barracks were captured by 20 September leading to the expulsion of the JNA and Serbian Guard forces from the town .
The battle followed escalating ethnic tensions in the Lika region , including attacks on Croatian civilians in Lovinac , an attack on a Croatian police checkpoint in Žuta Lokva , and skirmishes at the Plitvice Lakes and the Ljubovo Pass on the Gospić–Plitvička Jezera road . The remainder of 1991 saw further deterioration of the situation in the region , resulting in war crimes against Serbs and Croats in the Gospić and Široka Kula massacres . Fighting in the region remained deadlocked , with little to no territorial gains to either side , until a lasting ceasefire was called with the signing of the Sarajevo Agreement of 2 January 1992 .
Background
In August 1990 , an insurrection took place in Croatia centred on the predominantly Serb-populated areas of the Dalmatian hinterland around the city of Knin , as well as in parts of the Lika , Kordun , and Banovina regions , and settlements in eastern Croatia with significant Serb populations . These regions became the newly formed SAO Krajina ( Serb Autonomous Oblast ) . The announcement of SAO Krajina 's intent to integrate with Serbia resulted in the government of Croatia declaring the insurrection a rebellion .
By March 1991 , the conflict had escalated into the Croatian War of Independence and in June 1991 , with the Breakup of Yugoslavia , Croatia declared its independence . The declaration came into effect on 8 October after a three-month moratorium . The SAO Krajina , renamed Republic of Serbian Krajina ( RSK ) on 19 December , then initiated a campaign of ethnic cleansing against Croatian civilians .
Control of the growing tensions became hampered by increasing support of SAO Krajina being provided by the Yugoslav People 's Army ( JNA ) . The inability of the Croatian Police to cope with the situation led to the establishment of the Croatian National Guard ( ZNG ) in May 1991 . However , the development of the ZNG into a military force was hampered by a UN arms embargo , introduced in September , while the military conflict in Croatia continued to escalate—the Battle of Vukovar started on 26 August .
Prelude
An already tense situation in the Lika region , following 1 April Plitvice Lakes incident when the first fatalities of the Croatian War of Independence occurred , deteriorated further in June when Croatia reaffirmed its sovereignty through a parliamentary declaration . This was reflected in the rise of violent incidents , setting up of unauthorized road checkpoints and occasional exchanges of small arms fire . On 22 June , three police officers were abducted on the road between Gospić and SAO Krajina-controlled Gračac , and a series of attacks on the Croatian police occurred in various parts of Lika , including Gospić , on 27–28 June . In July 1991 , the JNA started to openly confront the Croatian police and the ZNG in Lika . On 1 July , Plitvice police station was surrounded by the JNA , and on 6 July , two ZNG troops were killed and another two wounded in a JNA ambush near Gospić . Further escalation of the fighting was seen at the Ljubovo pass on the Gospić–Korenica road , where the JNA and SAO Krajina troops fought and pushed the ZNG back on 28–29 July .
Ethnic violence continued to escalate when Serb paramilitaries abducted and killed five Croatian civilians from Lovinac in southern Lika on 5 August , and a police checkpoint in Žuta Lokva was attacked . In early August , the JNA moved the 236th Proletarian Motorized Brigade ( a brigade in name only , the 236th was actually only a company-sized unit ) and a portion of the motorised battalion of the 4th Armoured Brigade , previously deployed to the Ljubovo pass , to Gospić as reinforcements for its garrison in the town . Other movements in that month include the assault and capture of the Plitvice police station on the 30th by SAO Krajina forces .
With the imminent capture of Plitvice and the withdrawal of the ZNG from Lički Osik on 31 August , north of Gospić , the SAO Krajina and the JNA shifted their focus in Lika to Gospić itself , where Serbs comprised 38.4 % of the total population of 12,000 .
Order of battle
The JNA forces consisted of 70 officers and 200 soldiers garrisoned at the Stanko Opsenica barracks and four other smaller JNA facilities in Gospić . The garrison was supported by 128 Serbian Guard paramilitaries led by Đorđe Božović , which deployed to Gospić from Serbia using JNA transportation , according to an interview with the commanding officer of the southern Lika Territorial Defence in 1991 . Following a reorganization in 1991 , the JNA units based in Gospić were the 236th Motorized Brigade and the 1st Brigade of the 35th Partisan Division , both subordinated to the Rijeka Corps . Prior to this , the 10th Proletarian Infantry Regiment , a B-class unit required to maintain only 15 % of wartime troop levels , was stationed in Gospić , but was amalgamated with the 9th Proletarian Infantry Regiment to form the 236th Motorized Brigade . The JNA garrison in Gospić was formally commanded by Colonel Petar Ćavar , however effective command was taken over by their chief of staff , Yugoslav Counterintelligence Service Major Relja Tomić .
In early September , Croatian forces in Gospić comprised 427 troops , largely drawn from police forces based in Gospić , Rijeka and Zabok , volunteers from Gospić , Zagreb and Senj as well as Croatian Defence Forces troops . The only ZNG unit in Gospić was the 118th Infantry Brigade , which started to form around the ZNG 58th Independent Battalion on 14 August , but would not be fully assembled until after October . By mid-September , the brigade comprised two battalions—one with four companies and the other one three . The 118th Infantry Brigade was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Mirko Norac , while the head of the Croatian police in Gospić was Ivan Dasović .
Timeline
The JNA and the Serb paramilitary force bombarded Gospić with artillery stationed in the village of Divoselo and JNA Jasikovac Barracks on 29 August 1991 . The intensity of these attacks increased significantly towards mid-September causing significant damage to Gospić ; one SAO Krajina report of the attack estimated that more than 50 % of structures in the city were damaged .
At the outset of the battle , the JNA and the paramilitaries pushed the Croatian force out of eastern Gospić . On 5 September , Croatian forces captured JNA Major General Trajče Krstevski , along with three armoured personnel carriers ( APCs ) and 32 soldiers , when they attempted to reach JNA barracks that were isolated in the centre of the town but released them the next day following the successful negotiation of a prisoner exchange ( POWs ) . The Croatian commanders in Gospić , however , declined a request that the APCs also be returned—contrary to the instructions of Croatian authorities in Zagreb . Following the capture of Krstevski , the JNA artillery bombardment intensified , averaging 1,100 artillery shells per day . Despite the intense bombardment , the second week of the battle was a stalemate , without any changes in lines of control .
The ZNG and Croatian police planned to cut power , water and communications to all JNA facilities in the government-controlled part of Croatia on 14 September . In Gospić , this action was brought forward to 13 September , the same day that the ZNG captured a JNA storage facility . This provided the Croatian troops with 14,000 rifles and a substantial quantity of antitank weapons , more than sufficient for the Croatian forces to match the JNA in the town . The JNA barracks in Perušić and Kaniža Barracks in Gospić were captured the following day . The bulk of the JNA garrison in Gospić surrendered on 18 September , following three days of fighting for the Stanko Opsenica Barracks . An infantry attack aiming to support the JNA garrison was successfully repelled by Croatian forces on 16 September in the Divoselo area , where Božović was killed . After the city centre became relatively secure , the Croatian forces extended their offensive , capturing the Jasikovac Barracks and relieving two Croatian-held pockets in villages of Ribnik and Bilaj by 20 September . As the JNA surrendered , the Serb forces retreated from the eastern parts of Gospić to a line in front of Medak , as the Croatian forces completed mopping up in Gospić by 22 September .
Aftermath
Croatia captured approximately 300 JNA officers and soldiers , who were taken to Rijeka after their capture . They were later exchanged for Croatian POWs captured by the JNA in the Battle of Vukovar and elsewhere in Croatia . A large quantity of small arms and ammunition was captured as well as seven tanks and twelve mortars . After the battle , the artillery bombardment of Gospić continued from positions around Divoselo and Lički Čitluk , approximately south of Gospić . Skirmishes in Lika continued until January 1992 as each side sought to improve their positions on the ground , especially around Gospić and Otočac . On 23 September , a Croatian advance to the south was stopped by JNA and SAO Krajina forces , consisting of an infantry battalion and the Krajina Express armored train , which were defending a JNA storage depot in Sveti Rok . The JNA secured the depot and captured Lovinac on 26 September . By the end of September , Croatian defensive positions around Otočac were sufficiently reinforced that only minor attacks were launched and primarily near the village of Drenov Klanac . In late October and early December , fighting intensified around Divoselo near Gospić , but no territory changed hands . The intensity of artillery bombardment of Gospić peaked on 1 November 1991 , when 3,500 artillery shells struck the town . In December , the JNA Knin Corps proposed to the JNA General Staff to advance from Gračac in an attempt to capture Gospić and Otočac , but the signing of the Sarajevo Agreement and ceasefire of 2 January 1992 largely halted further fighting , until the commencement of Operation Medak Pocket in September 1993 .
The continuing military confrontation in the region was accompanied by an escalation of ethnic violence , culminating in war crimes against civilians committed by military authorities in Gospić and the SAO Krajina military in the area around Lički Osik in October 1991 . In Gospić , approximately 100 Serb civilians were taken from the town and killed in the surrounding fields . Some of the responsibles for the event , later known as the Gospić massacre , were prosecuted by the Croatian judiciary . This resulted in the conviction , in 2003 , of Norac and two other defendants to 12 years in prison . The killings in the Lički Osik area , known as the Široka Kula massacre , resulted in the deaths of 40 civilians , mostly Croats but also some Serbs suspected of supporting Croatia . In 2011 , a court in Belgrade , Serbia , convicted four former SAO Krajina militiamen of killing four Serbs and a Croat in Široka Kula .
In 1993 , Croatian authorities charged Marcel Dusper , Tomo Čačić , Jovo Kuprešanin , Bogdan Odanović , Relja Tomić , Duško Bajić , Dane Drakula , Mićo Vasić , Goce Koneski , Slobodan Dotlić , Dragoljub Lazarević , Radovan Radenković , Bratislav Milojković , Stevo Milošević and Miloš Bogdanović , 15 former JNA officers , posted in Gospić garrison in 1991 with war crimes against a civilian population . All of the defendants , except Drakula were tried in absentia . Drakula was acquitted , while Dusper , Tomić and Bajić were convicted and sentenced to 20 years in prison each while the remaining defendants were sentenced to 15 years . The rulings were upheld by the Supreme Court of Croatia in 1994 . Dotlić was arrested on 18 October 2013 after they visited their parents living in Croatia . Prior to their arrest , Dotlić had requested a new trial , but after their arrest the charges against them were changed to armed insurrection but this was later dropped following the General Amnesty Act .
Footnotes
References
Books
News reports
Scientific journal articles
International , governmental , and NGO sources
Conflicts in 1991
1991 in Croatia
Gospic
History of Gospić
August 1991 events in Europe
September 1991 events in Europe
History of Lika
Chromosome 11 open reading frame 54 ( C11orf54 ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the C11orf54 gene . The `` Homo sapiens '' gene , C11orf54 is also known as PTD012 and PTOD12 . C11orf54 exhibits hydrolase activity on p-nitrophenyl acetate and acts on ester bonds , though the overall function is still not fully understood by the scientific community . The protein is highly conserved with the most distant homolog found is in bacteria .
Gene
C11orf54 is located on chromosome 11 at 11q21 . Common aliases of the gene are PTD012 and PT0D12 . The gene consists 13 exons and spans 23730 bp . C11orf54 is flanked by TAF1D and MED17 .
mRNA
The protein ester hydrolase c11orf54 exists as a monomer and is composed of 315 amino acids . There are 6 isoforms for C11orf54 . See table 1 .
The amino acid sequence contains the domain of unknown function 1907 . Found in this transcript is the HxHxxxxxxxxxH motif which coordinates the zinc ion involved in the hydrolase activity . An LR nest motif is found at lys262 and Arg263 . The LR nest motif forms hydrogen bonds between the NH groups and anions ; an acetate anion is coordinated with the LR nest .
Protein
Primary sequence
Table 2 shows the different characteristics of the protein sequence throughout humans and other orthologs .
Secondary structure
The protein of C11orf54 exists as a monomer in solution . The protein assumes a globular shape of 20 beta strands and 4 alpha helices , containing 9 antiparallel beta strands forming a beta screw region . The β-screw region of C11orf54 has structural similarity to the cyclic adenosine 3′,5′-monophosphate ( cAMP ) binding domain of the regulatory subunit of protein kinase A . A zinc ion is bound to the HxHxxxxxxxxxH motif found in the sequence .
Subcellular localization
C11orf54 is predicted to be localized 60.9 % in the cytoplasm , 21.7 % in the nucleus , 13.0 % mitochondrial and 4.3 % in the Golgi Apparatus .
Expression & post translational modifications
See image one . The protein is highly expressed in the kidneys and moderately expressed in the adrenal gland , colon , liver , testis and thyroid gland .
Homology
Paralogs
There are no paralogs for C11orf54 .
Orthologs
The protein Ester Hydrolase C11orf54 has many orthologs ( see table . ) It is highly conserved ( 60-100 % identity ) in mammals , reptiles , birds , and fish . The protein is moderately conserved ( 30-59.99 % identity ) in invertebrates , amphibia , Cnidaria , Mollusca , fungi and bacteria . It is not conserved in archaea . The most distant orthologs are bacteria . Figure 2 shows the unrooted phylogenetic tree of a few of C11orf54 's orthologs .
Function
C11orf54 's coordination with a zinc ion through three histidines and an acetate anion is likely to point to a function of the protein being an enzymatic reaction as an ester hydrolase . The protein has a high turnover number when reacted with p-nitrophenyl acetate ( 0.042 sec−1 ) as compared to a 1 sec−1 turnover rate found in another enzyme ( bovine carbonic anhydrase II ) that reacts with p-nitrophenyl acetate .
Interacting Proteins
References
Further reading
External links
Wish I Was Here is a 2014 American comedy-drama film directed by Zach Braff and co-written with their brother Adam Braff . The film stars Zach Braff , Donald Faison , Josh Gad , Pierce Gagnon , Ashley Greene , Kate Hudson , Joey King , Jim Parsons , and Mandy Patinkin . The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 18 , 2014 and was given a limited release on July 18 , 2014 by Focus Features . This marked the final film appearances for James Avery and Allan Rich before their deaths on December 31 , 2013 and August 22 , 2020 respectively .
Plot
Aidan Bloom is a 35-year-old father of two struggling to be an actor in Los Angeles while their wife , Sarah works a tedious data entry job . In order to send their kids , Tucker and Grace , to a Jewish school , they rely on help from Aidan 's father , Gabe , who insisted they go to an Orthodox Jewish day school .
When Gabe reveals their cancer has returned , they tell Aidan that they have decided to put the rest of their money into a new stem cell treatment , meaning their grandchildren can no longer afford to attend their school . After school administrator Rabbi Twersky refuses to provide any aid to the Blooms , Sarah suggests that Aidan homeschool their kids , and their adventure of self-discovery begins . Through teaching them about life their way , Aidan gradually discovers some of the parts of themselves they could not find .
Aidan takes the kids on a field trip , camping in the desert . Another day , they are able to test drive an Aston Martin , as Grace is wearing a wig and the salesperson mistakenly believes she 's dying . Another they work with the kids fixing up their yard , referring to it as Mr. Miyagi learning ( referring to the Karate Kid ) , working to repair the fence and pool . Aidan fools a wealthy neighbor 's maid into believing they and the kids are there to clean the pool so they can teach Grace to swim .
Aidan 's brother Noah is a virtual shut-in who can only be bribed to babysit for their brother . They also refuse to see their dying father , from whom they are estranged . Noah falls for their neighbor Janine who is a furry costume maker , which gives them the idea to impress them by making a costume for San Diego Comic-Con . They do go , and gets the girl . As Gabe nears death , they call to ask Aidan to come , bringing their favorite ice cream and Noah . They surprisingly leave the convention to join them at Gabe 's side .
Aidan grows closer to their wife and children , their faith through the support of young Rabbi Rosenberg , their brother and their father .
The family moves onward and upward . We see Grace happily starting high school . Sarah stands up against their harasser at work , they 're getting one year severance pay , and they many hours of obligatory anti-sexual harassment training and is fired . Aidan gets a job teaching acting .
Cast
Production
On April 24 , 2013 , director Zach Braff launched a Kickstarter campaign for their comedy film Wish I Was Here , aiming to make $ 2 million to boost the project , based on a script they co-wrote with their brother Adam J. Braff . Larry Sher was set as director of photography , and Michael Shamberg and Stacey Sher were set to produce . The campaign raised $ 2 million 3 days after the project was launched . On May 15 , 2013 , Worldview Entertainment stepped in to gap finance the project , which at that point had raised over $ 2.6 million . The campaign ended on May 24 , 2013 , and raised $ 3,105,473 from 46,520 people .
At the film 's New York premiere , actor Joey King stated that they donated money to the film on Kickstarter before they were even attached as a cast member .
Casting
At the time the Kickstarter was launched , Zach Braff and Jim Parsons had already been cast . Braff plays Aidan Bloom , a struggling actor , husband and father trying to find their purpose . On May 14 , 2013 , Mandy Patinkin joined the cast , playing Gabe Bloom , Aidan 's father . Josh Gad also joined the cast to play the role of Aidan 's brother . On May 15 , Anna Kendrick signed on to play Janine , a young woman who is into cosplay . Kate Hudson joined on May 20 to play Sarah Bloom , Aidan 's wife . Joey King was set to play Grace Bloom , the 12-year-old daughter of Aidan and Sarah Bloom , on July 2 , 2013 . Pierce Gagnon was added to the cast on July 9 , to play Tucker Bloom , son of Aidan and Sarah . On July 17 , it was announced that Ashley Greene would replace Anna Kendrick as Janine .
Filming
Principal photography took 25 days , beginning on August 5 , 2013 in Los Angeles and ending on September 6 , 2013 .
Release
The film 's first trailer was released on April 9 , 2014 .
The film had its world premiere at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival in January 2014 , 10 years after the premiere of Braff 's directorial debut Garden State . Focus Features bought the distribution rights for $ 2.75 million .
After its opening at Sundance , it was announced that the film would open on July 18 , 2014 , exclusively in New York and Los Angeles . The release ended up a bit wider , playing in 68 theaters during its opening weekend . The release then expanded on July 25 . The special preview screening in London was attended by Kate Hudson and Zach Braff on September 18 , 2014 .
Critical reception
Wish I Was Here received mixed reviews from critics . On Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an approval of 47 % , based on 133 reviews , with the site 's consensus reading : `` There 's no denying Wish I Was Here is heartfelt , but it covers narrative ground that 's already been well trod – particularly by director Zach Braff 's previous features . '' On Metacritic the film has a score of 43 out of 100 , based on 34 critics , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' .
Soundtrack
The soundtrack for the film includes an original song by The Shins , an original song by Bon Iver , and an original title track by Coldplay , recorded with Cat Power .
`` So Now What '' by The Shins
`` Broke Window '' by Gary Jules
`` The Mute '' by Radical Face
`` Cherry Wine '' ( Live ) by Hozier
`` Holocene '' by Bon Iver
`` The Shining '' by Badly Drawn Boy
`` Mexico '' by Jump Little Children
`` Wish I Was Here '' by Cat Power and Coldplay
`` Wait It Out '' by Allie Moss
`` The Obvious Child '' by Paul Simon
`` Breathe In '' by Japanese Wallpaper ( featuring Wafia )
`` Heavenly Father '' by Bon Iver
`` Raven 's Song '' by Aaron Embry
`` Mend '' by The Weepies
`` No One to Let You Down '' by The Head and the Heart
References
External links
Wish I Was Here at Kickstarter
Films directed by Zach Braff
Kickstarter-funded films
Films shot in Los Angeles
2014 comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
Worldview Entertainment films
2014 films
Focus Features films
Films about families
Films scored by Rob Simonsen
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The elegant tit ( Pardaliparus elegans ) is a species of bird in the tit family Paridae endemic to the Philippines .
Taxonomy
The species was formerly included in the much larger genus Parus but was moved to Pardaliparus with the yellow-bellied tit and the Palawan tit when Parus was split into several resurrected genera following the publication of a detailed molecular phylogenetic analysis in 2013 .
Description
Small , sexes similar , with 9 races differing by shading and the amount and location of the white or yellow spotting in the wings and black ; male top of head , throat , and upper breast glossy blue black ; nape black with yellow spot ; mantle black with white spots ; lower back yellowish grey ; tail black feathers edged white on basal 1/2 and second ; primaries edged white ; face , lower breast , and belly yellow . female is duller . imm resembles ad ; has yellowish throat and blackish moustachial streaks . Bill black sometimes with gray at base in ad , yellowish to yellow orange with top and bottom horn in inn ; eye dark brown ; legs gray .
Distribution and habitat
It is endemic to the Philippines , ranging across most of the islands . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
BirdLife International 2004 . Parus elegans . 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species . Downloaded on 26 July 2007 .
Gosler , A . & P. Clement ( 2007 ) `` Family Paridae ( Tits and Chickadees ) '' pp . 662-709. in del Hoyo , J. ; Elliot , A . & Christie D. ( editors ) . ( 2007 ) . Handbook of the Birds of the World . Volume 12 : Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Editions .
A Guide to the Birds of the Philippines ( 2000 ) . Robert S. Kennedy , Pedro C. Gonzales , Edward C. Dickinson , Hector C. Miranda , Jr. , and Timothy H. Fisher
elegant tit
Endemic birds of the Philippines
elegant tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Capon and North Branch Turnpike ( also known as the Cacapon and North Branch Turnpike ) was a 19th-century turnpike in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of Virginia ( now West Virginia ) . The turnpike facilitated increased communication and transportation between Cumberland , Maryland and Winchester , Virginia via the Northwestern Turnpike in Capon Bridge , West Virginia . As of July 2010 , the Capon and North Branch Turnpike 's original route is made up of segments of West Virginia Route 28 , Springfield Pike ( County Route 3 ) , Slanesville Pike ( County Route 3 ) , and Cold Stream Road ( County Routes 45/20 and 15 ) .
History
Establishment and early history
The Capon and North Branch Turnpike was built in 1842 . The turnpike connected Cumberland , Maryland on the North Branch Potomac River and Capon Bridge on the Cacapon River and the Northwestern Turnpike ( currently U.S. Route 50 ) . The Capon and North Branch Turnpike passed through the communities of Frankfort ( currently Fort Ashby ) , Springfield , Millesons Mill , Higginsville , Slanesville , North River Mills , and Cold Stream .
The turnpike was built by subscription , two fifths of the stock subscribed by the Commonwealth of Virginia and the other by private parties .
Further expansions
In 1852 , a turnpike was constructed from a point near Charles Taylor 's farm on the Capon and North Branch Turnpike to a point at French 's Store ( later known as South Branch Depot ) on the Potomac River near the confluence of the North and South Branches . Another connecting turnpike was constructed from Green Spring on the North Branch Potomac River to Moorefield was built by a stock company around 1850 with the Commonwealth of Virginia taking two fifths of the stock . This turnpike was known as the Moorefield and North Branch Turnpike .
During an extra session of the Virginia House of Delegates in 1861 , it passed Bill No . 89 : `` A bill to transfer the Capon and North branch turnpike to the county court of Hampshire . ''
Springfield Grade Road
See also
List of turnpikes in Virginia and West Virginia
References
Transportation in Hampshire County , West Virginia
Pre-freeway turnpikes in the United States
Turnpikes in Virginia
Turnpikes in West Virginia
1842 establishments in the United States
Rao Bahadur Sajjan Rao ( 1868–1942 ) was a business person and philanthropist from Bengaluru who was well known for their charities , educational institutions , hospitals , and hostels for the underprivileged .
Early life
Sajjan Rao was born in Taggalla , Maddur in 1868 to a poor family . They traveled from Maddur to Bengaluru to work with their maternal uncle Bojagade Venkataraya and became one of the richest man in Bengaluru by 1926 .
Notable works
They built Subramanya Swamy temple , choultry at Sajjan Rao Circle .
The maternity block at Vanivilas Women and Children Hospital in Bengaluru is named after them as a token of gratitude for their 50,000 rupees donation in 1930 which was demanded by Diwan Sir Mirza Ismail .
They built roundabout at Sajjan Rao circle on the demand by the corporation to facilitate hassle free traffic movement .
They have also constructed a dispensary at Sajjan Rao circle which they donated to the corporation in 1909 .
In 1909 , they built a free hostel dedicated to their maternal uncle Venkat Rao Bhojagade which is called as Maratha hostel at present .
They have also constructed educational institution for the poor students as well as the school for differently abled .
Recognition
They were awarded with the title Dharma Prakasha by King of Mysore in recognition of their social work .
The circle near Lalbagh is named after them as Sajjan Rao Circle .
Also , the road in V V Puram is named after them as Sajjan Rao road .
Death
Sajjan Rao died in 1942 . They are buried near the Gavi Gangadhareshwara Temple in Gavipuram .
References
Indian philanthropists
People from Bangalore
1868 births
1942 deaths
People from Bangalore Urban district
Binnel Bay is a bay on the south coast of the Isle of Wight , England . It lies between the villages of St. Lawrence and Niton . It faces south towards the English Channel , and is just under in length . It stretches from Binnel Point in the east to Puckaster Cove in the west .
The bay is remote with a rocky and exposed shoreline backed by low cliffs and woodlands . It is best viewed from Binnel Point , where the bay can be seen stretching west towards Puckaster Cove , with St Catherine 's Lighthouse visible in the distance . Large sections of a now destroyed 19th century seawall can be seen along the shore .
Geology
The coastline is part of the Undercliff landslide complex , a large coastal landslide zone that spans the south coast of the Isle of Wight from Bonchurch to Blackgang . As a result the cliffs and coastline at Binnel Bay are formed from landslide debris derived from the Gault Clay and Upper Greensand , overlying in-situ exposures of Lower Greensand .
The coastal slope above Binnel Bay is geologically unstable has experienced several recent landslides . The most notable was a landslide in March 2014 that lead to the loss of a section of the A3055 and the closure of Undercliff Drive , along with the evacuation and abandonment of several properties .
History
Archaeological findings from the landslide deposits at Binnel Bay have identified evidence of human activity in this area of the Undercliff dating back to the neolithic . These finds included a neolithic soil horizon dated to 2530BC , containing charcoal and the remains of red squirrel , red deer and marine molluscs . Later prehistoric evidence includes midden deposits of bronze age to iron age date .
In 1977 a palaeolithic handaxe of Acheulean style was discovered on land immediately west of Binnel Bay . It is thought the handaxe may have originated from deposits that were originally on the downland above the Undercliff , and were subsequently worked into the landslide complex at a later date .
In 1882 William Spindler , an eccentric German industrialist , attempted to build a harbour and resort in St Lawrence to rival Ventnor to the east , though they would ultimately die before it could be completed . Spindler bought a large estate , including a house ( now the Old Park Hotel ) which had belonged to Sir Richard Worsley , 7th Baronet , the island 's governor from 1780-1782 . They planned on constructing a town and planted trees , laid roads but most notably created a seawall at Binnel Bay . The seawall was substantial and designed to allow tourists to reach St Lawrence by sea . However , due to the geological instability of the Undercliff landslide complex at Binnel Bay it had poor foundations , being largely built on active and landslipped sections of Gault Clay . It fell into disrepair and was destroyed through a combination of landsliding and severe winter storms and swells . The failed harbour was dubbed Spindler 's Folly , and the remains can be seen broken up and scattered around the bay today .
References
Bays of the Isle of Wight
Stadelheim Prison ( ) , in Munich 's Giesing district , is one of the largest prisons in Germany .
Founded in 1894 , it was the site of many executions , particularly by guillotine during the Nazi period .
Notable inmates
Ludwig Thoma , served a six-week prison sentence in 1906 for insulting the morality associations .
Kurt Eisner , after the January strike , imprisoned from summer until 14 October 1918 .
Anton Graf von Arco auf Valley , the assassin of Kurt Eisner , Minister President of Bavaria . They served their sentence in cell 70 , and in 1924 was evicted from their cell to make way for Adolf Hitler .
Gustav Landauer , killed on 2 May 1919 .
Eugen Leviné , killed on 5 July 1919 .
Ernst Toller , imprisoned , 1919–1924 .
Adolf Hitler , imprisoned for a month in 1922 for assaulting Otto Ballerstedt .
Ernst Röhm was imprisoned before their execution by Hitler during the Night of the Long Knives . A former SA-Stabschef ( Chief of Staff ) , they were shot on 1 July 1934 in cell 70 .
Peter von Heydebreck , a career Nazi , imprisoned and killed by the SS during the Röhm Putsch in 1934 .
Leo Katzenberger , guillotined on 2 June 1942 for violating the Nazi Rassenschutzgesetz , or Racial Protection Law . The judge at the infamous Katzenberger Trial , Oswald Rothaug , condemned them despite a lack of evidence .
Hans Scholl , member of the White Rose resistance movement , executed on 22 February 1943 .
Sophie Scholl , member of the White Rose resistance movement . executed 22 February 1943 .
Christoph Probst , member of the White Rose , executed on 22 February 1943 .
Alexander Schmorell , member of the White Rose and saint of the Eastern Orthodox church , executed on 13 July 1943 .
Kurt Huber , member of the White Rose , executed on 13 July 1943 .
Willi Graf , member of the White Rose , executed on 12 October 1943 .
Friedrich Ritter von Lama , Catholic journalist , listening in on Vatican Radio . Murdered in February 1944 .
Hans Conrad Leipelt , member of the White Rose , executed on 19 January 1945 .
Ingrid Schubert , member of the Red Army Faction , found hanged in their cell on 13 November 1977 .
Dieter Zlof , the kidnapper of Richard Oetker , was here ( circa 1977 ) until their transfer to Straubing .
Konstantin Wecker , musician , 1995 pre-trial detention for cocaine use .
Karl-Heinz Wildmoser Sr. , former president of the TSV 1860 Munich football team . Imprisoned circa 2002 .
MOK , rapper , imprisoned 2003-04 .
Oliver Shanti , musician , imprisoned 2008 , died in 2016 .
John Demjanjuk , suspected war criminal . Imprisoned 2009 .
Gerhard Gribkowsky , chief risk officer of Munich-based bank BayernLB , the former chairperson of SLEC . Imprisoned 2010 .
Breno Borges , association football player and former Bayern Munich member . Imprisoned 2012 .
Beate Zschäpe , accused member of National Socialist Underground ( NSU ) , sentenced to life in prison without parole .
Statistics about the prison
Size : 14 hectares
Capacity of prison : ca . 1,500 prisoners ( possible maximum 2,100 )
Highest number of prisoners : 9 November 1993 with 1,969 prisoners
Executions 1895 to 1927 : 14 ( including Gustav Landauer and Eugen Levine )
Executions 1933 to 1945 : at least 1,035 ( including Ernst Röhm and the members of the White Rose resistance movement , i.e . Sophie Scholl , Hans Scholl and Christoph Probst ; Alex Schmorell , Willi Graf and Prof. Kurt Huber . Also Hans Conrad Leipelt from the White Rose in Hamburg who was beheaded in January 1945 for reproducing and distributing the sixth and final White Rose leaflet which was written by Kurt Huber )
References
External links
Stadelheim ( German )
Stadelheim ( English ; Prison Service in Bavaria )
Buildings and structures in Munich
Prisons in Bavaria
1894 establishments in Germany
The Communist Party of the Balearic Islands ( ) is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain ( PCE ) in the Balearic Islands . PCIB was constituted in its present shape in 1977 .
References
1977 establishments in Spain
Balearic Islands
Political parties established in 1977
Political parties in the Balearic Islands
William Riddell ( 1807–1847 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop who briefly served as the Vicar Apostolic of the Northern District of England in 1847 .
Early life and ministry
They were born at Felton Park , near Morpeth , Northumberland , England on 5 February 1807 , the son of Ralph Riddell and Elizabeth Blount . They began their education at Stonyhurst College in Lancashire on 21 September 1817 , and then to the English College , Rome on 29 November 1823 , where they completed their theological studies . They were ordained a sub-deacon on 22 March 1828 , a deacon in August 1829 , and a priest in March 1830 . After leaving Rome for England on 1 August 1830 , they had a brief period as secretary to Cardinal Weld . In June 1832 , they began as an assistant in the mission in Newcastle upon Tyne , and subsequently taking charge of the mission .
Vicar Apostolic
They were appointed coadjutor to the Vicar Apostolic of the Northern District , Bishop Francis George Mostyn , on 22 December 1843 . On the same day , they were appointed Titular Bishop of Lagania , and was consecrated to the Episcopate by Bishop John Briggs on 17 March 1844 . On the death of Bishop Mostyn on 11 August 1847 , Riddell briefly succeeded as Vicar Apostolic of the Northern District .
They died in office at Charlotte Street , Newcastle upon Tyne on 2 November 1847 , aged 40 , of typhus contracted while ministering to the victims of an epidemic , and is buried in the vaults of St Mary 's Cathedral , Newcastle upon Tyne .
References
Bibliography
1807 births
1847 deaths
English College , Rome alumni
People educated at Stonyhurst College
People from Morpeth , Northumberland
19th-century English Roman Catholic priests
Apostolic vicars of England and Wales
The Asia/Oceania Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 2018 .
In the Asia/Oceania Zone there were four different tiers , called groups , in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier . Winners in Group II advanced to the Asia/Oceania Zone Group I . Teams who lost their respective ties competed in the relegation play-offs , with winning teams remaining in Group II , whereas teams who lost their play-offs were relegated to the Asia/Oceania Zone Group III in 2019 .
Participating nations
Seeds :
Remaining nations :
Draw
and relegated to Group III in 2019 .
promoted to Group I in 2019 .
First round
Sri Lanka vs. Thailand
Indonesia vs. Philippines
Hong Kong vs. Iran
Lebanon vs. Chinese Taipei
Second round
Philippines vs. Thailand
Lebanon vs. Hong Kong
Play-offs
Sri Lanka vs. Indonesia
Chinese Taipei vs. Iran
Third round
Thailand vs. Lebanon
References
External links
Official Website
Asia/Oceania Zone Group II
Davis Cup Asia/Oceania Zone
Lithocarpus dasystachyus is a tree in the beech family Fagaceae . The specific epithet is from the Greek meaning `` thickly hairy spike '' , referring to the inflorescence .
Description
Lithocarpus dasystachyus grows as a tree up to tall with a trunk diameter of up to . The greyish brown bark is smooth , flaky or fissured . The coriaceous leaves measure up to long . Its dark brown acorns are ovoid to conical and measure up to across .
Distribution and habitat
Lithocarpus dasystachyus is endemic to Borneo . Its habitat is peat swamp and kerangas forests , sometimes hill dipterocarp forests , up to altitude .
References
dasystachyus
Endemic flora of Borneo
Trees of Borneo
Plants described in 1864
Balungpani is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2641 people living in 519 individual households .
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Edward Tegla Davies ( 1880–1967 ) was a Welsh Wesleyan Methodist minister and a popular Welsh language writer , born at Llandegla-yn-Iâl , Denbighshire , north Wales .
Their works include a number of children 's books which display their rich imagination and sometimes surreal humour , the novel Gŵr Pen y Bryn ( 1923 ) , short stories and a series of essays . Among the latter is the collection Gyda ' r Hwyr ( 1957 ) , including Y Bedd Hwnnw ( `` That Grave '' ) recording a visit to the grave of the Blessed John Henry Newman at Rubery ( Longbridge ) near Birmingham , and Y Wraig o ' r Wyddgrug ( `` The Woman from Mold '' ) , in which they meet , in Manchester , someone who knew the Welsh novelist , Daniel Owen , in their youth .
A Cabinet Office release in 2012 shows that they declined an OBE in the New Year Honours in 1963 .
References
1880 births
1967 deaths
Welsh children 's writers
Welsh-language writers
20th-century Welsh writers
Welsh Methodist ministers
20th-century Methodist ministers
20th-century Welsh clergy
Peter Jacoby is a former German curler .
They are a .
Teams
References
External links
Living people
German male curlers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque may refer to :
Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque ( Irbid ) , Jordan
Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque ( Dubai ) , United Arab Emirates
Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque ( Sydney ) , Australia
Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque ( Tajib ) , Libya
Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque ( Tobruk ) , Libya
Portrait of an Elderly Man or Portrait of an Old Nobleman ( Spanish - Retrato de caballero anciano ) is a 1597-1600 oil on canvas portrait by El Greco , now in the Prado Museum . Its subject 's name is unknown but they probably came from Toledo , where the artist was then working .
It was stored in the basement of the Real Alcázar of Madrid .
References
Elderly Man
Elderly Man
16th-century portraits
1590s paintings
Paintings by El Greco in the Museo del Prado
The 2012 Rai Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts . It was the fourth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour . It took place in Rome , Italy between 16 and 22 April 2012 .
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of April 9 , 2012 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Nicola Barraco
Marco Cecchinato
Gianluca Naso
Vincenzo Santopadre
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Maxime Authom
Gerard Granollers
Filip Krajinović
Pedro Sousa
Champions
Singles
Roberto Bautista Agut def . Rui Machado , 6–7 ( 7–9 ) , 6–4 , 6–3
Doubles
Dustin Brown / Jonathan Marray def . Andrei Dăescu / Florin Mergea , 6–4 , 7–6 ( 7–0 )
External links
Official Website
ITF Search
ATP official site
Rai Open
Rai Open
es : Challenger de Roma ( Rai Open )
Beglopopovtsy ( , `` followers of runaway priests '' ) was one of the denominations among the Popovtsy , who belonged to the Old Believers .
Since none of the bishops joined the Old Believers movement after the schism of 1666-67 in the Russian Orthodox Church , except bishop Paul of Kolomna , who was executed , ordained priests of the old rite would have soon become extinct . Two responses appeared to this dilemma : the “ priestist ” Old Believers ( поповцы ( Popovtsy ) ) and the non-priestist Old Believers ( беспоповцы ( Bespopovtsy ) ) .
The Beglopopovtsy movement formed in the late 17th century and included priests , who had `` deserted '' the Russian Orthodox Church ( hence , the name `` beglopopovtsy '' , meaning `` with deserted priests '' ) . They settled in the Nizhny Novgorod region beyond the Volga River ( along the Kerzhenets and Belbash Rivers ) , around Starodub , Chernigov ( modern Chernihiv , Ukraine ) , and on the Vetka Island ( see Vetkovskoye soglasie ) . In the second half of the 18th century , the Beglopopovtsy formed a group at the Rogozhskoye cemetery in Moscow .
At the beginning , all priestist Old Believers were beglopopovtsy . They represented the more moderate conservative opposition , who strove to continue religious and church life as it had existed before the reforms of Nikon . They recognized ordained priests from the new style Russian Orthodox church who joined the Old Believers and who had denounced the Nikonian reforms . In 1846 the priestist Old Believers convinced Amvrosii ( Popovich , 1791-1863 ) deposed Greek Orthodox bishop ( who had been removed under Turkish pressure ) to become an Old Believer and to consecrate three Russian Old Believers priests as bishops . In 1859 , the number of Old Believer bishops in Russia reached ten , and they established their own episcopate , the so-called Belokrinitskaya hierarchy .
Not all priestist Old Believers recognized this new established hierarchy , which provoked a schism within the priestist Old Believers . For various reasons many could not accept this so-called Belokrinitskaya Hierarchy . From this time priestist Old Believers became divided into two groups : those who accepted the Belokrinitskaya Hierarchy and those who did not . These dissenters were called beglopopovtsy and obtained their own hierarchy only in the 1920s , the so-called Novozybkovskaya Hierarchy or Russian Old-Orthodox Church . From that moment the denomination beglopopovtsy no longer existed and the term became rarely used .
References
Religious organizations established in the 17th century
Old Believer movement
17th-century establishments in Russia
The rockwarbler ( Origma solitaria ) , is a bird in the family Acanthizidae . It is the only bird species endemic to the state of New South Wales in Australia .
Taxonomy and systematics
English artist and naturalist John Lewin described the rockwarbler in 1808 . For many years it was the only member of its genus until genetic work showed that it was related to two species of mousewarblers from New Guinea . The rockwarbler diverged from the common ancestor of the other two species around 9 million years ago . Rockwarbler has been designated the official name by the International Ornithologists ' Union ( IOC ) . Common names also include cataract-bird , cave-bird , origma , rock-robin , and sandstone robin . A former common name , hanging dick , came about from its nest , which hangs suspended in a cave . It has no subspecies .
Description
The rockwarbler is in length and weighs around , with predominantly dark grey-brown plumage , darker wings and more red-brown underparts , cinnamon-tinged face and forehead , and whitish throat . Its tail is black . Adult males and females have similar plumage . Juveniles have duller and paler plumage than the adult , with a reddish tint to the throat , and a greyer chin . It can be distinguished from the pilotbird by its smaller size and head , white throat patch , and square tail .
Its main call is a repeated shrill `` chis-sick '' , given during the breeding season though they may also give a `` tid-ed-dee '' . Its contact call is rasping and smooth . The alarm call is similar to the contact call , but a single note . Its scold call is a chatter similar to that of Sericornis scrubwrens . They are accomplished mimics , and will replicate the calls of numerous other birds , including scrubwrens , white-eared honeyeaters , grey butcherbirds , Eastern spinebills , rufous whistlers , and more .
Distribution and habitat
It is usually seen hopping erratically over rocks while flicking its tail . Its preferred habitat is woodland and gullies with exposed sandstone or limestone rocks , and often near water . Its distribution is central eastern New South Wales , within a radius of Sydney . It has been affected adversely by human-modified habitat , and has declined in these areas . Most of its range is protected in national parks , which has insulated the species from habitat loss . They generally do not migrate , except in very dry conditions .
Behavior and ecology
Rockwarblers may live alone , in pairs , or in family groups with as many as five members . They do not fly very far , though they are quite fast . Flights tend to be low to the ground . When not flying , they will flick their tail side-to-side .
Breeding and nesting
Mated pairs maintain a territory , nesting in a sandstone cave . The nest is a hanging structure made of grasses , roots , bark and moss , with spider web used as an adhesive . It has a dome-shaped entrance . Breeding season is from August to January , the female laying a clutch of three eggs , which take around 23 days to hatch . Up to two clutches may be laid .
Diet
Rockwarblers are generally insectivores , but will supplement the diet with seeds . Insects are taken mostly on the ground , or in lower branches of vegetation . They may also hover in short bursts to catch prey . They are inquisitive and will investigate nooks and crannies in rocks , as well as under leaf litter . They are nimble , being able to move vertically up rock faces to probe rock features . Preferred insects are ants , wasps , and beetles , as well as butterfly and moth larvae . Panic grass and wheat are both acceptable grains . They will also take food left by humans , namely bread crumbs and butter .
References
Further reading
del Hoyo , J. ; Elliot , A . & Christie D. ( editors ) ( 2006 ) . Handbook of the Birds of the World . Volume 12 : Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions . .
External links
Birds described in 1808
Birds of New South Wales
Endemic birds of Australia
Origma
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taylor Spur ( ) is a wedge-shaped spur in Doyran Heights on the east side of the Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains marking the north side of the terminus of Guerrero Glacier and the west side of the entrance to Sikera Valley . It is located 13.07 km west-northwest of Batil Spur , the south extremity of Flowers Hills .
The feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1957–59 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Lieutenant Howard C. Taylor III , U.S. Navy , medical officer at the South Pole Station in 1957 .
Maps
Vinson Massif . Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps . Reston , Virginia : US Geological Survey , 1988 .
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica . Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) . Since 1993 , regularly updated .
Ridges of Ellsworth Land
Hague Bar is a hamlet in New Mills , Derbyshire , near Marple and Stockport . The Manchester to Sheffield railway passes through the Goyt valley at this point . Its population is included in the figures shown for New Mills . Hague Bar is the most westerly settlement in Derbyshire . The Goyt Way , part of the Midshires Way and the E2 European long-distance path , passes through the village on its route from Etherow Country Park to Whaley Bridge .
See also
List of places in Derbyshire
References
External links
Hague Bar Flickr Group with photos of the local area
Villages in Derbyshire
Towns and villages of the Peak District
New Mills
James Ellis Colliander ( born 22 June 1967 ) is an American-Canadian mathematician . They are currently Professor of Mathematics at University of British Columbia and served as Director of the Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences ( PIMS ) during 2016-2021 . They were born in El Paso , Texas , and lived there until age 8 and then moved to Hastings , Minnesota . They graduated from Macalester College in 1989 . They worked for two years at the United States Naval Research Laboratory on fiber optic sensors and then went to graduate school to study mathematics . They received their PhD from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1997 and was advised by Jean Bourgain . Colliander was a postdoctoral fellow at the University of California , Berkeley and spent semesters at the University of Chicago , the Institute for Advanced Study and the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute .
They are also an award-winning teacher .
Research
Colliander 's research mostly addresses dynamical aspects of solutions of Hamiltonian partial differential equations , especially non-linear Schrödinger equation .
Colliander is a collaborator with Markus Keel , Gigliola Staffilani , Hideo Takaoka , and Terence Tao , forming a group known as the `` I-team '' . The name of this group has been said to come from a mollification operator used in the team 's method of almost conserved quantities , or as an abbreviation for `` interaction '' , referring both to the teamwork of the group and to the interactions of light waves with each other . The group 's work was featured in the 2006 Fields Medal citations for group member Tao .
Organization creation
Colliander is co-founder of the education technology company called Crowdmark .
Colliander , with colleagues from PIMS and Cybera , created Callysto , a project designed to improve computational thinking for students and teachers in grades 5-12 .
Colliander is co-founder of the International Interactive Computing Collaboration ( 2i2c ) .
Major publications
Colliander , J. ; Keel , M. ; Staffilani , G. ; Takaoka , H. ; Tao , T. Global well-posedness for Schrödinger equations with derivative . SIAM J . Math . Anal . 33 ( 2001 ) , no . 3 , 649–669 .
Colliander , J. ; Keel , M. ; Staffilani , G. ; Takaoka , H. ; Tao , T. A refined global well-posedness result for Schrödinger equations with derivative . SIAM J . Math . Anal . 34 ( 2002 ) , no . 1 , 64–86 .
Colliander , J. ; Keel , M. ; Staffilani , G. ; Takaoka , H. ; Tao , T. Almost conservation laws and global rough solutions to a nonlinear Schrödinger equation . Math . Res . Lett . 9 ( 2002 ) , no . 5-6 , 659–682 .
Christ , Michael ; Colliander , James ; Tao , Terence . Asymptotics , frequency modulation , and low regularity ill-posedness for canonical defocusing equations . Amer . J . Math . 125 ( 2003 ) , no . 6 , 1235–1293 .
Colliander , J. ; Keel , M. ; Staffilani , G. ; Takaoka , H. ; Tao , T. Sharp global well-posedness for KdV and modified KdV on and . J. Amer . Math . Soc . 16 ( 2003 ) , no . 3 , 705–749 .
Colliander , J. ; Keel , M. ; Staffilani , G. ; Takaoka , H. ; Tao , T. Multilinear estimates for periodic KdV equations , and applications . J. Funct . Anal . 211 ( 2004 ) , no . 1 , 173–218 .
Colliander , J. ; Keel , M. ; Staffilani , G. ; Takaoka , H. ; Tao , T. Global existence and scattering for rough solutions of a nonlinear Schrödinger equation on . Comm . Pure Appl . Math . 57 ( 2004 ) , no . 8 , 987–1014 .
Colliander , J. ; Keel , M. ; Staffilani , G. ; Takaoka , H. ; Tao , T. Global well-posedness and scattering for the energy-critical nonlinear Schrödinger equation in . Ann . of Math . ( 2 ) 167 ( 2008 ) , no . 3 , 767–865 . doi:10.4007/annals.2008.167.767
References
External links
MathSciNet : `` Items authored by Colliander , James . ''
1967 births
Living people
Mathematical analysts
University of British Columbia Faculty of Science faculty
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
Canadian mathematicians
Pseudaletis , commonly known as fantasies , is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . The species of this genus are found in the Afrotropical realm .
Species
Pseudaletis abriana Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis agrippina H. H. Druce , 1888
Pseudaletis antimachus ( Staudinger , 1888 )
Pseudaletis arrhon H. H. Druce , 1913
Pseudaletis batesi H. H. Druce , 1910
Pseudaletis bouyeri Collins & Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis busoga van Someren , 1939
Pseudaletis camarensis Collins & Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis catori Bethune-Baker , 1926
Pseudaletis clymenus ( H. H. Druce , 1885 )
Pseudaletis cornesi Collins & Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis dolieri Collins & Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis ducarmei Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis jolyana Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis leonis ( Staudinger , 1888 )
Pseudaletis lusambo Stempffer , 1961
Pseudaletis malangi Collins & Larsen , 1995
Pseudaletis mazanguli Neave , 1910
Pseudaletis melissae Collins & Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis michelae Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis richardi Stempffer , 1952
Pseudaletis rileyi Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis taeniata Libert , 2007
Pseudaletis zebra Holland , 1891
References
External links
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Hamilton Herbert Druce
Zanobi di Benedetto di Caroccio degli Strozzi ( 17 November 1412 – 6 December 1468 ) , normally referred to more simply as Zanobi Strozzi , was an Italian Renaissance painter and manuscript illuminator active in Florence and nearby Fiesole . They were closely associated with Fra Angelico , probably as their pupil , as told by Vasari . They are the same painter as the Master of the Buckingham Palace Madonna . Most of their surviving works are manuscript illuminations but a number of panel paintings have also been attributed to him , including seven altarpieces and six panels with the Virgin and Child , along with some designs for metalwork .
Vasari says Strozzi `` painted pictures and panels for a great many private houses in Florence '' ; they also mention a double portrait . Strozzi may have been something of a pioneer in small narrative pictures for homes , which departed from the usual subject of the Virgin and Child .
They were one of the most important Florentine illuminators of their day , with documents confirming their participation in at least eighteen surviving manuscripts ( in which they often worked as but one of a group of artists ) . This stands in contrast to their paintings , which are all attributed to them on the basis of style alone .
Biography
Strozzi was born in Florence on 17 November 1412 . They were a member of the extended Strozzi family , a wealthy and noble clan that rivaled the Medici family . After they were orphaned at age 15 , Strozzi went to live with the artist Battista di Biagio Sanguigni , described in documents as their `` tutor '' but more probably also their teacher in the art of painting and illumination . Sometime between 1427 and 1430 the pair moved to Fiesole , about five miles from Florence .
Strozzi is not recorded as joining the Florentine painters ' guild the Arte dei Medici e degli Speziali , thereby precluding them from contracting paintings ( as opposed to illuminations ) under their own name in Florence . Their commissions must thus have been received on behalf of other artists , like Sanguigni or Fra Angelico , who according to Vasari was another of Strozzi 's teachers . Strozzi and Sanguigni would have both met Angelico in the 1430s at the convent of San Domenico , Fiesole , Angelico 's base until 1436 .
In 1438 Strozzi married and moved into a new house in the same parish in Fiesole . Before that they were sharing a house with Sanguigni . When Fra Angelico moved to Rome in 1446 , Strozzi moved to Florence , where they rented a house in the parish of San Paolo , near Santa Maria Novella . In 1450 they bought a house in another parish . On their death in 1468 they were buried in Santa Maria Novella , Florence .
Works
Panel paintings
Strozzi 's only `` signed '' painting is an Annunciation for the church of San Salvatore al Monte , Florence ( c. 1440-45 ) , now in the National Gallery , London . The painting 's signature is semi-hidden in the decorated gold border to the Virgin 's dress , where it can be seen `` Z '' ( reversed ) , followed by `` A '' , then after a gap filled with ornament , `` NOBI '' .
An altarpiece of unknown provenance , now split between several museums , has been attributed to Strozzi . The main panel of this work was the Virgin and Child at the Hermitage Museum . The side panels , of which there were two , comprised the Saints Nicholas , Lawrence , and John the Baptist , now at the Hyde Collection , Glens Falls , New York , at the left , and the Saints Zenobius , Francis , and Anthony of Padua at the Yale University Art Gallery , New Haven , on the right . The continuation of the floor and the figures ' draperies across all three panels proves that they originally belonged together as a single altarpiece . A Nativity at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York and Adoration of the Magi in the National Gallery in London might have also belonged to this altarpiece as parts of its predella .
Around 1460 , Strozzi painted an altarpiece for the convent of San Girolamo in Fiesole ( Musée du Petit Palais , Avignon ) . This commission was awarded by the Medici , whose newly constructed villa in Fiesole was located a short distance from the convent . convent was located a short distance from the convent .
Several paintings by Strozzi described in archival documents are now lost . Between 1434 to 1439 they painted a panel for the choir screen of the church of Sant'Egidio , Florence , perhaps identifiable with the Madonna and Child with Four Angels today at the Museum of San Marco in Florence . They also painted a painted crucifix for San Marco , recorded in 1448 . Vasari mentions a double portrait of Giovanni di Bicci de ' Medici ( d. 1429 ) , founder of the Medici family fortune , and their ally , Bartolommeo di Taldo Valori . In Vasari 's day the portrait was in the bedroom of Cosimo I de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany .
A large Last Judgement by Strozzi for the convent of San Benedetto Porta a Pinti , Florence , was one of many paintings that disappeared from the Berlin State Museums in World War II . A smaller version of the subject is in a private collection .
Of their six Virgin and Child panels , five use the popular Madonna of Humility type , in which the Virgin sits low on the ground on a cushion instead of a throne . The earliest of these , in the Royal Collection , gave rise to the artist 's old notname , the Master of the Buckingham Palace Madonna . Strozzi 's sixthVirgin and Child composition , now at the Brooklyn Museum , instead shows the Virgin enthroned between four angels .
A few small-scale narrative paintings by Strozzi appear to have been independent works for domestic interiors . These include a Nativity at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , an Annunciation at the Philadelphia Museum of Art , and a God the Father Enthroned with Two Angels at the Musée Jacquemart-André , Paris .
Illuminations
As an illuminator , Strozzi was responsible with Filippo di Matteo Torelli for several choir books for the church of San Marco . These were carried out between 1446 and 1454 on the commission of Cosimo de ' Medici . In 1463 they collaborated with Francesco di Antonio del Chierico on a choir-book for the Cathedral of Florence , now at the Laurentian Library ( Nos . 149 , 150 , 151 ) . The collaboration with Francesco took eleven years and eventually involved other workshops , including those of Cosimo Rosselli , Domenico Ghirlandaio , Attavante Attavanti and the Master of the Hamilton Xenophon . Strozzi also collaborated with Francesco Pesellino and Domenico di Michelino .
A set of nine grisaille designs in pen , wash and gouache , now housed in several museums , are probably designs for a goldsmith to follow in the sections of a reliquary or similar object .
Notes
References
Christiansen , Keith , Met `` catalogue '' entry , on Nativity Scene 's web page , 2012
Garzelli , Annarosa ( 31 March 2000 ) , `` Francesco di Antonio del Chierico '' in Grove , Oxford Art Online .
Gordon , Dillian , National Gallery Catalogues ( new series ) : The Fifteenth Century Italian Paintings , Volume 1 , 2003 ,
Kanter , Laurence , and Pia Palladino , with contributions by Magnolia Scudieri , Carl Brandon Strehlke , Victor M. Schmidt , and Anneke de Vries , Fra Angelico , 2005 , New York : The Metropolitan Museum of Art , google books
Vasari , selected & ed . George Bull , Artists of the Renaissance , Penguin 1965 ( page nos from BCA edn , 1979 )
Further reading
Ada Labriola ( ed . ) , Fra Angelico in Pontassieve , Mandragora , Florence 2010 .
Strehlke , Carl Brandon ( 1994 ) . In Laurence B. Kanter and Barbara Drake Boehm . Painting and Illumination in Early Renaissance Florence 1300-1450 . New York : The Metropolitan Museum of Art . pp . 349–50
External links
National Gallery : Zanobi , Strozzi
1412 births
1468 deaths
15th-century Italian painters
Quattrocento painters
Italian male painters
Italian Renaissance painters
Painters from Florence
Manuscript illuminators
Roses of Picardy is a 1927 British silent war film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Lillian Hall-Davis , John Stuart and Humberston Wright . The title is a reference to the popular First World War song Roses of Picardy . It was based on the novels The Spanish Farm ( 1924 ) Sixty-Four , Ninety-Four ( 1925 ) by R.H. Mottram . It was made at the Cricklewood Studios in London .
Cast
Lillian Hall-Davis - Madame Vanderlynden
John Stuart - Lieutenant Skene
Humberston Wright - Jerome Vanderlynden
Jameson Thomas - Georges d'Archeville
Marie Ault - Baroness d'Archeville
A. Bromley Davenport - Baron d'Archeville
Clifford Heatherley - Uncle
References
Bibliography
Low , Rachel . The History of British Film : Volume IV , 1918–1929 . Routledge , 1997 .
External links
1927 films
British war films
British silent feature films
1927 war films
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
British World War I films
Films set in the 1910s
Films set in France
Films shot at Cricklewood Studios
British black-and-white films
Films produced by Victor Saville
Films based on multiple works
1920s British films
John Doherty ( January 16 , 1826 in New York City – April 20 , 1859 in Albany , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Life
They were the son of Patrick Doherty ( 1794–1849 ) who came from Ireland to New York City about 1811 , and fought in the War of 1812 . John Doherty studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1847 , and commenced practice in New York City . After the death of their father , they abandoned the law and looked after their father 's business instead .
They were an alderman ( 19th Ward ) in 1852 and 1853 .
They were a member of the New York State Senate ( 7th D. ) in 1858 and 1859 . They died on the day after the Legislature adjourned in April 1859 . They never married .
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough , Stephen C. Hutchins and Edgar Albert Werner ( 1867 ; pg . 442 )
Biographical Sketches of the State Officers and Members of the Legislature of the State of New York in 1859 by William D. Murray ( pg . 49ff )
Manual of the Corporation of New York ( 1852 ; pg . 201 )
The Late Senator Doherty in NYT on April 22 , 1859
1826 births
1859 deaths
New York ( state ) state senators
New York City Council members
New York ( state ) Democrats
19th-century American politicians
Astrid Mannes ( born 2 January 1967 ) is a German author and politician ( CDU ) . From 2017 to 2021 , they served as a member of the national parliament ( `` Bundestag '' ) , directly elected as a member for constituency of Darmstadt .
Early life and education
Astrid Luise Mannes was born into a Protestant family in Hilden , a mid-sized industrial town a short distance to the east of Düsseldorf . They grew up in the town , where they attended the Helmholtz-Gymnasium ( secondary school ) , successfully passing their school final exams ( Abitur ) in 1986 . Them degree , for which they studied between 1986 and 1990 , embraced history , political sciences and public law . They received their degree in 1991 .
Early career
During 1991/92 Mannes worked as a personal assistant to Herbert Czaja who at that time was president ( described in at least one source as `` the controversial president '' ) of the Federation of Expellees ( `` Bund der Vertriebenen '' ) , an organisation originally formed in 1957 to represent the interests of ethnic German victims of the ethnic cleansing east of the Oder–Neisse line during 1944-1950 . Between 1992 and 2000 they were employed as a research assistant in the then recently relocated Bundestag . During this time they worked both for the CDU/CSU parliamentary group as a whole and for several individual Bundestag members .
Between 2000 and 2007 Mannes held a succession of relatively short-term appointments , while keeping in touch with the world of politics . From 2001 till 2003 they were a press spokesperson for the German Didacta Association ( `` Deutschen Didacta Verband '' ) , a lobbying organisation representing businesses involved in education and training . They also found time to work on their doctorate , which they received from the University of Dortmund in 2005 . Them dissertation was a biography of Constantin Fehrenbach , a long-forgotten ( by many ) German chancellor during the early days of German democracy .
Political career
During 1986/87 Mannes served as chair of the Association of Christian Democratic Students faction in the Bonn Student Parliament . They joined the CDU ( party ) itself in 1990 . Within the party they were involved in various committees . Between 2006 and 2008 they served as district chair of the ( CDU ) Women 's Union in Darmstadt-Dieburg , having by this time moved the centre of their operation upriver to the region south of Frankfurt .
In 2007 Mannes put themselves forward as a candidate in the mayoral election for Mühltal , a small town in the hills to the south of Darmstadt . On 1 July 2007 , two days after the much postponed opening of the Lohberg road tunnel , they were elected , taking office on 28 November 2007 . They were a popular mayor . On 9 June 2013 , they received the votes of 54.9 % of participating voters in the subsequent mayoral election .
On 27 March 2011 the local party moved them up from place 39 to place 10 on the CDU candidate list for the district council election which , given the strength of party support in the area , meant that they became a member of the district council . They became a member of the CDU Party Executive for South Hesse ( Darmstadt region ) .
In the 2017 General Election Mannes stood successfully for election to the national parliament ( `` Bundestag '' ) . This time , instead of being elected through inclusion on a regional party list , they were elected directly as the winning candidate for the Darmstadt electoral district ( `` Wahlkreis 186 '' ) . Them margin of victory was a narrow one : Darmstadt had previously been represented by Brigitte Zypries ( SPD ) since 2005 . In parliament , they served on the Committee on Education , Research and Technology Assessment .
Mannes lost their seat at the 2021 German federal election .
References
People from Hilden
People from Darmstadt-Dieburg
Mayors of places in Hesse
Members of the Bundestag for Hesse
German women writers
1967 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Democratic Union of Germany
21st-century German women
Phyllocnistinae is a subfamily of insects in the moth family Gracillariidae .
Genera
Genera :
Phyllocnistis Zeller , 1848
References
Moth subfamilies
Lauren Stephanie Mitchell ( born 23 July 1991 ) is an Australian former artistic gymnast . They are the 2010 World champion on the floor exercise and the 2009 World Championships silver medalist on the balance beam and floor exercise . Mitchell is only the second Australian female gymnast to win a medal at the World Championships , and they are the first to win a gold medal . They are the 2010 Commonwealth Games champion in the all-around , uneven bars , and balance beam , and with the Australian team , and they are the 2008 World Cup Final balance beam champion . They also represented Australia at the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games .
In their first year of senior competition , Mitchell qualified for the balance beam event final at the 2007 World Championships . Then at the 2008 Summer Olympics , they helped the Australian team place sixth , their highest finish ever . They then became the first Australian gymnast to win more than one medal at the same World Championships when they won two silver medals in 2009 . The next year , they tied the record for the most gold medals won by a female gymnast at a single Commonwealth Games and became Australia 's first female World champion in gymnastics . At their second Olympic Games in 2012 , they qualified for the floor exercise final and finished fifth . They won two more Commonwealth medals in 2014 , silver with the team and on the floor exercise . Mitchell retired from gymnastics in 2016 as Australia 's most decorated gymnast .
Early life
Lauren Mitchell was born on 23 July 1991 in Subiaco , an inner suburb of Perth , to Leanne and Graeme Mitchell , and they are the oldest of four siblings . They are of Romanian descent through their mother . They began gymnastics when they were six years old after a gymnastics birthday party .
Career
At the 2005 Australian Junior Championships , Mitchell finished seventh in the all-around , balance beam , and floor exercise and eighth on the uneven bars . They missed the 2006 season due to a hamstring injury .
2007 : Senior and World Championships debut
Mitchell became age-eligible for senior international competition in 2007 . They competed at the WOGA Classic in Plano , Texas and helped the Australian team win the bronze medal . Individually , Mitchell placed fourth in the all-around , won the silver medal on the balance beam and the bronze medal on the floor exercise . They then traveled to Kyiv to compete in the Stella Zakharova Cup where the Australian team finished sixth . Individually , Mitchell won the bronze medal in the all-around and the silver medal on the balance beam , and they finished fifth on the uneven bars and seventh on the floor exercise . Then in May at the Australian Championships , they won the gold medal with the Western Australian team and the silver medal in the all-around . They also won the gold medal on the balance beam and the silver medal on the floor exercise , and they placed fifth on the uneven bars and eleventh on the vault .
In July , Mitchell helped the Australian team win a gold medal against Japan in a friendly meet . Individually , they won the bronze medal in the all-around behind Daria Joura and Kōko Tsurumi . They also won the silver medals on the balance beam and on the floor exercise . They were selected to compete at the World Championships alongside Daria Joura , Shona Morgan , Hollie Dykes , and Chloe Sims , and they finished eleventh in the qualification round . Individually , they qualified for the balance beam event final and placed fifth with a score of 15.425 . After their debut World Championships , they competed at the DTB Cup in Germany and won a silver medal on the balance beam and a bronze medal on the floor exercise . Them final competition of the season was the Olympic Test Event , where they won the silver medal on the balance beam and placed fourth in the all-around .
2008 : First Olympic Games
Mitchell competed at the Pacific Rim Championships where the Australian team finished fourth behind the United States , Canada , and China . They qualified for the uneven bars final and placed fourth with a score of 15.100 . In May , they competed at the Australian Championships where they finished fourth in the all-around , and they helped Western Australia win the silver medal in the team competition behind Victoria . They also placed seventh on the uneven bars , won the silver medal on the balance beam behind Shona Morgan , and finished fourth on the floor exercise . They then competed at the Moscow World Cup where they finished fifth on both the uneven bars and the balance beam .
Mitchell was selected to represent Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics alongside Georgia Bonora , Ashleigh Brennan , Daria Joura , Shona Morgan , and Olivia Vivian . The team finished sixth in the team final which was the highest team finish in Australian gymnastics history . After the Olympics , they competed at the Stuttgart World Cup and won the silver medal on both the balance beam and the floor exercise . They then won the gold medal on the balance beam at the World Cup Final making them the first Australian gymnast to win a gold medal at the World Cup Final .
2009 : World silver medalist
In July , Mitchell competed at the Australian Championships in Perth and claimed their first national all-around title with a total score of 112.325 . They also became the national champion on the uneven bars , balance beam , and floor exercise . Then in October , they competed at the World Championships at The O2 Arena in London . They finished fourth all-around and was 0.025 points away from the bronze medal after they took a 0.100 deduction on the floor exercise for stepping out of bounds . They went on to win two silver medals in the event finals , on the floor exercise behind Great Britain 's Beth Tweddle and on the balance beam behind China 's Deng Linlin . This made them the first Australian female gymnast to medal at the World Championships and the first Australian gymnast to win two medals at the same World Championships . Mitchell broke their hand in December .
2010 : Commonwealth and World champion
After recovering from their broken hand , Mitchell sprained their ankle on a tumbling pass in March , and then strained their adductor in July , which ultimately caused them to miss the Australian Championships . They returned to competition at the Commonwealth Games and won the team gold medal alongside teammates Georgia Bonora , Ashleigh Brennan , Emily Little , and Georgia Wheeler . They then went on to win gold in the all-around , on the uneven bars , and on the balance beam , for a total of four gold medals . They also won a silver medal on the floor exercise behind English gymnast Imogen Cairns . Mitchell 's four gold medals tied the Commonwealth Games record for a female gymnast with Lori Strong from the 1990 Commonwealth Games .
Mitchell was then selected to compete at the World Championships in Rotterdam alongside Georgia Bonora , Ashleigh Brennan , Emily Little , Larrissa Miller , and Georgia Wheeler , and they finished sixth in the team competition . Mitchell also finished sixth in the all-around with a total score of 58.133 , 0.833 away from the bronze medal score . In the balance beam final , they finished fourth with a score of 15.200 , only 0.033 away from the bronze medal . They then won gold on the floor exercise with a score of 14.833 . This was the first World title for a female Australian gymnast and the second World title for any Australian gymnast ( Philippe Rizzo won the horizontal bar title in 2006 ) .
In November , Mitchell competed at the Stuttgart World Cup and won the gold medal on the floor exercise , balance beam , and uneven bars , making them the first Australian gymnast to win three gold medals at a single World Cup event . They then competed at the Glasgow World Cup where they won two more gold medals on the balance beam and floor exercise and the bronze medal on the uneven bars . Them final competition of the season was the Toyota Cup where they won the gold medal on the balance beam .
2011 : Fourth World Championships
On 5 March , Mitchell competed at the American Cup in Jacksonville , Florida where they finished sixth in the all-around with a total score of 54.932 . They then went to the Paris World Cup where they finished fourth on the balance beam . Then at the Japan Cup in Tokyo , they placed fourth in the all-around with a total score of 53.750 . They also finished fourth with the Australian team in the team competition .
In July , Mitchell won gold medals in the all-around , vault , balance beam , and floor exercise at the Australian Championships . They were then selected for the World Championships team alongside Ashleigh Brennan , Larrissa Miller , Emily Little , Georgia-Rose Brown , and Mary-Anne Monckton . At the World Championships , the Australian team finished eighth , and Mitchell finished eighth in the all-around and fifth on the floor exercise .
2012 : Second Olympic Games
In March , Mitchell competed at the Pacific Rim Championships where the Australian team finished fourth . In the event finals , they finished fifth on both the balance beam and the floor exercise . Then in April , they competed at the Zibo World Cup and won the bronze medal on the balance beam behind Chinese gymnasts Yao Jinnan and Huang Qiushuang and the gold medal on the floor exercise . At the Australian Championships in Sydney , they did not compete on the uneven bars in order to protect a sore shoulder . Although they did not compete in the all-around , they won the gold medal on both the floor exercise and the balance beam .
In June , they were one of twelve Australian gymnasts vying to earn a final spot on the Olympic squad at a training session for the national team at the Australian Institute of Sport . Their Olympic training preparations included learning how to deal with flash photography with strobe lighting used at practice and being exposed to distracting noises .
On 21 June 2012 , they were formally named to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics alongside Georgia Bonora , Ashleigh Brennan , Emily Little , and Larrissa Miller . The Australian team only finished tenth in the qualification round and did not advance to the team finals . Mitchell qualified for the floor exercise event final where they finished fifth . They had shoulder reconstruction surgery after the Olympics .
2014 : Comeback
Mitchell returned to competition at the Doha World Cup and finished fourth on the floor exercise . They then went to the Korea Cup in Incheon where they once again placed fourth on the floor exercise . Then at the Australian Championships , they won the bronze medal on the balance beam and the gold medal on the floor exercise . At the Commonwealth Games , Mitchell won a silver medal with the Australian team and on the floor exercise behind Claudia Fragapane . They were initially named to Australia 's team for the World Championships , but they withdrew after injuring both of their ankles during podium training .
2015–2016 : Injury and retirement
Mitchell competed at the 2015 Australian Championships and won the gold medal on the floor exercise and placed fourth on the floor exercise . While preparing to represent Australia at the 2015 Summer Universiade , they tore their ACL and PCL and had surgery in June .
Mitchell returned to competition at the 2016 Australian Championships and was inducted into Gymnastics Australia 's Hall of Fame after the qualification round . In the event finals , they won the gold medal on the balance beam and the bronze medal on the floor exercise . However , Australia had only qualified one spot for the 2016 Olympics , and Mitchell was not selected . Them final competition was the Anadia World Challenge Cup where they qualified in third place for the balance beam event final , but they withdrew due to an injury .
Mitchell announced their retirement from gymnastics on 27 September 2016 , stating `` I 've given everything that I could to the sport and I have no regrets . ''
Personal life
Mitchell graduated from Curtin University and now works as a radiographer at Royal Perth Hospital . They are also a motivational speaker . They have been a member of both the Gymnastics Western Australia High Performance Advisory Committee and the Commonwealth Games Athlete Advisory Commission since 2019 .
In 2021 , they were awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia in recognition of their service to gymnastics .
Eponymous skills
Mitchell has the triple wolf turn named after them in the Code of Points on both the balance beam and the floor exercise .
Competitive history
References
External links
1991 births
Australian female artistic gymnasts
Australian Institute of Sport gymnasts
Australian people of Romanian descent
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Australia
Gymnasts at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Gymnasts at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Living people
Medalists at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
Olympic gymnasts of Australia
Originators of elements in artistic gymnastics
Sportswomen from Western Australia
World champion gymnasts
Articles containing video clips
Sportspeople from Perth , Western Australia
Commonwealth Games medallists in gymnastics
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Bagh-e Jafarabad ( , also Romanized as Bāgh-e Ja ‘ farābād ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 317 , in 87 families .
See also
List of cities , towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Federal Correctional Institution , Elkton ( FCI Elkton ) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates near Elkton , Ohio . It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , a division of the United States Department of Justice . It also has an adjacent satellite prison camp that houses low and minimum-security male inmates .
It is located in Elkrun Township , Columbiana County .
FCI Elkton is located in central Columbiana County , Ohio and is 45 miles northwest of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Notable incidents
In 2010 , a federal grand jury in Cleveland , Ohio , charged FCI Elkton inmate William J. Platz , age 61 , with drawing and distributing visual depictions of minors engaged in sexually explicit conduct to another inmate between August 2007 and April 2008 . Platz was already serving an 11-year sentence for a child pornography conviction in 2000 and was a co-conspirator with Eric Rosser . Rosser was an FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitive until their capture in 2001 . Platz subsequently pleaded guilty and was sentenced to additional prison time , which they served at the Federal Correctional Institution , Seagoville , a low-security facility in Texas . They were released in 2016 .
Notable inmates ( current and former )
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Prisons in Ohio
Buildings and structures in Columbiana County , Ohio
Elkton
Nurabad ( , also Romanized as Nūrābād ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 33 , in 8 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
The 2022 Panthers Wrocław season is the second season of the Panthers Wrocław team in the European League of Football , after moving over from the Polish league LFA in 2021 .
Preseason
Shortly after the end of the 2021 European League of Football season the franchise announced the re-hiring of head coach Jakub Samel . The first player signed for the upcoming season was former Clemson Tigers football captain Darius Robinson . In the beginning of 2022 the Panthers acquired the services of Gary Kubiak as a football advisor for players and coaching staff . On the other side , the franchise lost three already signed players Keanu Ebanks , KaVonte Turpin and Tadhg Leader as well as coach Jeff Jagodzinski to USFL and CFL teams .
Regular season
Standings
Schedule
Source : europeanleague.football
Roster
Transactions
From Hamburg Sea Devils : Keanu Ebanks ( December 22 , 2021 )
Staff
Notes
References
Panthers Wrocław
Panthers Wrocław
Panthers
The Stonehill Skyhawks are the intercollegiate athletic teams that represent Stonehill College , located in Easton , Massachusetts , in NCAA sporting competitions . All current Skyhawk athletic teams compete at the Division I level , with most being members of the Northeast Conference ( NEC ) . Stonehill has been a member of the NEC since 2022 .
On April 5 , 2022 , Stonehill announced it was accepting an invitation to join the NEC at the NCAA Division I level , effective in the fall of 2022 . Prior to 2022 , Stonehill was a member of the Northeast-10 Conference in NCAA Division II .
History
Skyhawks nickname
In late 2002 , The Strategic Planning Committee determined that the previous Stonehill College mascot , the chieftain , was disrespectful to Native Americans and decided that it would be changed . The committee ruled that a new mascot be named as the institution 's athletic identity . Therefore , in the following year the college held open forums in which students , alumni , and faculty were asked to submit ideas for the new identity , vote on suggestions , and gauge popularity . Among popular choices were : `` Summit '' ; `` Skyhawks '' ; `` Saints '' ; `` Wolfpack '' ; `` Crusaders '' ; `` Mission '' ; `` Shovelmakers '' ; and `` Blizzard '' .
During the fall semester of the 2005 academic year Stonehill College officially changed the name of its athletic teams to the `` Stonehill Skyhawks '' , with a brand-new mascot known as 'Ace ' , an anthropomorphic purple hawk wearing a scarf , goggles , bomber jacket , and an aviator cap . The actual name 'Skyhawks ' is not a reference to either a bird or animal . After the school 's property was bought by the Congregation of Holy Cross , the airfield was leased to the Navy during World War II and private companies before and after the war until it was closed in 1955 due to increasing student enrollment . The Navy used the field for training exercises and would employ the Skyhawk aircraft between 1954–1995 .
Varsity teams
Stonehill currently sponsors 23 varsity sports . Most recently , the school has added women 's swimming and diving and women 's ice hockey as varsity sports . Swimming and diving began in 2020–21 and women 's ice hockey will begin in 2022–23 . The women 's ice hockey team will play in the New England Women 's Hockey Alliance .
List of teams
Men 's sports ( 9 )
Baseball
Basketball
Cross-country
Football
Ice hockey
Soccer
Tennis
Track and field ( indoor & outdoor )
Women 's sports ( 14 )
Basketball
Cross-country
Equestrian
Field hockey
Golf
Ice hockey
Lacrosse
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & diving
Tennis
Track and field ( indoor & outdoor )
Volleyball
National championships
Team
Facilities
The Sally Blair Ames Sports Complex is home to the College staff that sponsors eight intercollegiate club teams featuring Ultimate , Rugby , Lacrosse and Golf as well as an extensive intramural sports program offering Basketball , Soccer , Floor Hockey and Flag Football .
W.B . Mason Stadium is a 2,400-seat , multipurpose sports stadium . Opened in 2005 at a cost of $ 4 million , it is the home of Skyhawk football , lacrosse , field hockey , and track & field . W.B . Mason , an office-supplies dealer based in nearby Brockton , Massachusetts , and its alumni employees contributed $ 1.5 million toward the project .
The stadium was dedicated on September 10 , 2005 . The playing field is named Timothy J. Coughlin Memorial Field , in honor of a 1980 Stonehill alumnus and football captain who was killed when the North Tower of the World Trade Center was destroyed on September 11 , 2001 .
Most of the seating is bleacher-style ; the two midfield sections have stadium seating with seat-backs .
After the stadium 's formal dedication on September 10 , 2005 , Stonehill defeated Pace University 17–13 in the first football game played in the new stadium .
Individual sports
Football
On Saturday , September 8 , 2012 , the Skyhawks defeated Southern Connecticut State University for the first time in 15 years , by a score of 13–0 . In addition to breaking the losing streak , Stonehill also became the first team to shut out the Owls in 12 years .
On Thursday , October 18 , 2012 , Stonehill hosted the University of New Haven Chargers in Stonehill 's first ever nationally televised football game , broadcast as part of CBS Sports Network 's Thursday night Division II game of the week . The game drew an overcapacity crowd that saw heavily favored New Haven win 45–41 on a last-second touchdown pass .
References
External links
The New Tube for London ( NTfL ) is a type of London Underground train to be built by Siemens as part of its Inspiro family at Siemens 's factories in Goole ( East Yorkshire ) and Vienna , Austria .
An initial batch of 94 nine-car trains has been ordered at a cost of £1.5bn to replace 1973 Stock trains on the Piccadilly line , with options for a total of 250 trains allowing replacement of all existing trains on the deep-level Central , Waterloo & City and Bakerloo lines . Trains will enter service from 2025 , firstly on the Piccadilly line . Trains will enter service with a train operator but equipped to allow for driverless operation in the future .
History
Background
In the late 1990s , the Labour government initiated a public–private partnership ( PPP ) to reverse years of underinvestment in London Underground . Under the PPP contracts , two private consortiums ( Metronet and Tube Lines ) would maintain , renew and upgrade London Underground infrastructure over a period of 30 years from 2003 . As part of the upgrade work , new rolling stock was to be ordered .
Tube Lines planned to order 93 new Piccadilly line trains , which would enter service by 2014 . In January 2007 , Tube Lines started the process of ordering new Piccadilly line trains , by querying if train manufacturers would be interested in supplying them . Contract award was anticipated for 2008 , and trains would enter service on the Piccadilly line in 2014 . Following the delivery of 2009 Stock and S Stock trains in the 2010s , Metronet planned to order 24 new Bakerloo line trains , which would enter service by 2019 .
However , Metronet collapsed in 2007 after cost overruns , and Transport for London ( TfL ) bought out the Tube Lines consortium in 2010 , formally ending the PPP .
Feasibility and initial planning
Following the collapse of the PPPs , TfL began planning the modernisation of Underground lines not started by the PPP . This project would include the eventual replacement of trains , new signalling and other upgrades to the Piccadilly , Central , Waterloo & City and Bakerloo lines . This would complete the modernisation of Underground lines since the formation of TfL in 2000 .
According to TfL , existing trains on the Bakerloo and Piccadilly lines are approaching the end of their useful lives , and the 1992 Stock used on the Central and Waterloo & City lines is significantly less reliable than more modern rolling stock .
Replacement of these older trains with open gangway rolling stock – similar to the S Stock used on the Underground 's subsurface lines – would increase passenger capacity , with new automatic signalling increasing capacity further . Although open gangway train concepts were considered in the late 1990s , the Bombardier 2009 Stock did not utilise this technology . New trains would also have air conditioning , which existing deep-level trains lack . New trains would also have the potential to be driven automatically without a train operator , which would save operating costs and prevent disruption during strikes . Unattended train operation would require the installation of platform screen doors , a substantial additional cost . The ASLEF and RMT trade unions that represent drivers strongly oppose the introduction of driverless trains , saying it would affect safety .
In 2011 , Siemens presented `` EVO '' – a conceptual articulated train with walk-through cars , that would be 30 tonnes lighter , consume 17 % less energy and have 11 % more passenger capacity than existing trains . A mock-up of this Siemens Inspiro design was exhibited at The Crystal between October 2013 and January 2014 . Siemens also proposed building the new train in the UK , after being criticised for building the Class 700 Thameslink trains in Germany .
New Tube for London
In early 2014 , the project was named New Tube for London ( NTfL ) and moved from a feasibility stage to the design and specification stage . A TfL feasibility study showed that new generation trains and re-signalling could increase capacity :
By 60 % on the Piccadilly line with up to 36 trains per hour .
By 25 % on the Central line with up to 36 trains per hour .
By 50 % on the Waterloo & City line ( if the track at Waterloo station was remodelled ) .
By 25 % on the Bakerloo line capacity with 27 trains per hour .
Overall , the project is estimated to cost a total of £16 billion , with a benefit/cost ratio of 4.2 to 1 . The Piccadilly line would be the first to be upgraded , given the age of its rolling stock . Other lines would then be upgraded over a period of around 10 years .
Bidding process
In early 2014 , TfL invited train manufacturers to make expressions of interest in the Official Journal of the European Union . TfL also commissioned industrial designers PriestmanGoode to create a conceptual design vision that would be used by the train manufacturers . Unveiled in October 2014 to high acclaim , the design included several features not seen before on the deep level tube , including walk-through carriages and air conditioning .
In late 2014 , TfL published a shortlist of manufacturers who had expressed an interest in supplying new trains – Alstom , Siemens , Hitachi , CAF and Bombardier . The invitation to tender for the trains was issued in January 2016 , with a plan to award the contract in 2016 , with trains entering service in 2023 . During the tender period , Bombardier and Hitachi formed a joint venture ( JV ) and CAF chose not to submit a bid . Three bids ( Alstom , Siemens , Hitachi/Bombardier JV ) were submitted in September 2016 . All bidders proposed to construct a UK factory , or use existing UK factories to build the trains .
Contract award and future contract options
Since TfL could not afford 250 new trains and upgraded signalling , it decided to buy only 94 trains for the Piccadilly line and relegate future train purchases to contract options . In 2019 , TfL raised £1bn to buy the Piccadilly line trains by selling and leasing back Class 345 Crossrail trains .
In total , 250 trains could be ordered throughout the lifetime of the Deep Tube Upgrade Programme , comprising 100 trains for the Piccadilly line , 40 for the Bakerloo line , 100 for the Central line and 10 for the Waterloo & City line . Future trains would be adapted to meet the requirements of lines , with the potential of active steering of bogies and more/fewer cars per trainset as required .
Siemens 'InspiroLondon '
In June 2018 , the Siemens Mobility Inspiro design was selected , with 94 trains ordered in a £1.5 billion contract . In July 2018 , the award was challenged in the High Court by the Hitachi/Bombardier JV . The challenge was unsuccessful ; Siemens was awarded the contract in November 2018 .
Around 50 % of the trains will be assembled in a new factory in Goole , East Riding of Yorkshire , with the remainder to be built at an existing Siemens factory in Vienna , Austria while the Goole factory is constructed . In July 2020 , Prime Minister Boris Johnson visited the Goole site to mark the start of construction of the factory . Full manufacturing of the trains in Austria was due to commence in August 2021 , with first deliveries to London taking place from 2024 .
Despite the lack of resignalling , the purchase of new trains will still increase the capacity of the Piccadilly line , with 27 trains per hour at peak times by 2027 . Trains will enter service with a train operator . However , resignalling of the line could allow for driverless operation in future .
Features of the new train include :
10 % increase in passenger capacity per train due to the open gangway design
Wider double doorways throughout , with no half-width doors , allowing for faster boarding
Energy consumption 20 % lower than existing trains due to regenerative brakes , LED lighting and lighter construction
Air conditioning , for the first time on the Deep level tube
Faster and more reliable than existing older trains
Ability to run in driverless operation once lines have been resignalled
LED screens to provide passenger information and advertising
Siemens has branded the train `` Inspiro London '' , although some sources have named it `` 2024 Stock '' , following existing naming precedent . , the official name of the train has not been confirmed by TfL .
Initially , deliveries were to begin in 2023 , with entry into service in 2024. , the delivery schedule had slipped , and the trains are expected to enter service on the Piccadilly line in 2025 . Improvements to service levels would follow in 2027 .
References
External links
Transport for London - Improving the trains
Specification sheet from Siemens Mobility
Piccadilly Line trains : a journey from 1891 to 2025 - detailed background on the design of the trains
London Underground electric multiple units
Siemens multiple units
is the twenty-second single by Japanese artist Masaharu Fukuyama . It was released on 11 April 2007 .
Track listing
Limited Edition CD
Tokyo ni mo Attanda
Muteki no Kimi
Tokyo ni mo Attanda ( Original Karaoke )
Muteki no Kimi ( Original Karaoke )
Limited Edition DVD
Tokyo ni mo Attanda ( Music Clip )
Normal Edition CD
Tokyo ni mo Attanda
Muteki no Kimi
Tokyo ni mo Attanda ( Original Karaoke )
Muteki no Kimi ( Original Karaoke )
Oricon sales chart ( Japan )
References
2007 singles
Japanese film songs
The Best of Hal Clement is a collection of science fiction short stories by American author Hal Clement , edited by Lester del Rey . It was first published in paperback by Del Rey/Ballantine in June 1979 as a volume in its Classic Library of Science Fiction . It was reissued in ebook by Gateway/Orion in May 2013 , and in trade paperback and ebook by Phoenix Pick in December 2014 .
Summary
The book contains ten short works of fiction and an afterword by the author , together with an introduction by editor Lester del Rey .
Contents
`` Hal Clement : Rationalist '' [ introduction ] ( Lester del Rey )
`` Impediment '' ( from Astounding Science-Fiction , Aug. 1942 )
`` Technical Error '' ( from Astounding Science Fiction , Jan. 1944 )
`` Uncommon Sense '' ( from Astounding Science Fiction , Sep. 1945 )
`` Assumption Unjustified '' ( from Astounding Science Fiction , Oct. 1946 )
`` Answer '' ( from Astounding Science Fiction , Apr . 1947 )
`` Dust Rag '' ( from Astounding Science Fiction , Sep. 1956 )
`` Bulge '' ( from If , Sep. 1968 )
`` Mistaken for Granted '' ( from Worlds of If , Jan./Feb . 1974 )
`` A Question of Guilt '' ( from The Year 's Best Horror Stories : Series IV , Nov. 1976 )
`` Stuck with It '' ( from Stellar # 2 , Feb. 1976 )
`` Author 's Afterword ''
Reception
The book was reviewed by Stephen W. Potts in Science Fiction & Fantasy Book Review , Nov. 1979 .
Awards
The book placed tenth in the 1980 Locus Poll Award for Best Single Author Collection . `` Uncommon Sense '' won the 1946 Retro Hugo Award for Best Short Story , awarded in 1996 .
Notes
1979 short story collections
Science fiction short story collections
Del Rey books
is the second mini-album by Fujifabric , released in 2003 under the independent Japanese record label Song-Crux .
Track listing
Fujifabric albums
2003 EPs
Tarucus kiki , the Kiki 's Pierrot , is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in Burkina Faso , northern Ivory Coast and Nigeria . The habitat consists of savanna .
The larvae feed on Ziziphus species .
References
Butterflies described in 1976
Tarucus
André Voisin ( unknown — unknown ) was a French chess player , French Chess Championship medalist ( 1928 ) .
Biography
In the late 1920s - early 1930s André Voisin was one of the leading chess players in France . They were multiple participant of the French Chess Championships , where reached the best results in 1928 ( 3rd place ) and 1931 ( 4th place ) .
André Voisin played for France in the Chess Olympiads :
In 1930 , at reserve board in the 3rd Chess Olympiad in Hamburg ( +1 , =3 , -9 ) ,
In 1933 , at reserve board in the 5th Chess Olympiad in Folkestone ( +1 , =3 , -4 ) .
References
External links
André Voisin chess games at 365chess.com
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
French chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
Gayle Williamson ( born c. 1980 , Dollingstown , Northern Ireland ) is a model and the 2002 Miss Northern Ireland and the 2002 Miss United Kingdom titleholders . They were also a contestant in the 2002 Miss World beauty contest .
Personal life
Williamson , lives in Crawfordsburn , County Down , with their son Brandon from a relationship with Irish musician Jim Corr .
References
1980 births
Living people
Miss Northern Ireland winners
Miss United Kingdom winners
Female models from Northern Ireland
Miss World 2002 delegates
La Strada ( The Road ) is a 1954 Italian drama film
La Strada may also refer to :
Stage works based on the film
La Strada ( 2017 stage adaptation ) , a play with music
La Strada ( musical ) , a musical by Lionel Bart
In rock music
La Strada ( band ) , a rock band
La strada ( album ) , their album
Organisations
La Strada International Association , a non-governmental organisation network opposed to human trafficking
Volney Ralph `` Skeets '' Quinlan , Jr ( June 22 , 1928January 18 , 1998 ) was an American football halfback in the National Football League . They played five seasons for the Los Angeles Rams ( 1952–1956 ) and the Cleveland Browns ( 1956 ) . Quinlan was one of the first star running backs to emerge from Texas .
1928 births
1998 deaths
People from San Angelo , Texas
Players of American football from Texas
American football halfbacks
San Diego State Aztecs football players
Los Angeles Rams players
Cleveland Browns players
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
Pendleton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 14,877 . Its county seat is Falmouth . The county was founded December 13 , 1798 .
Pendleton County is included in the Cincinnati-Middletown , OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Pendleton County was created from parts of Campbell and Bracken counties in 1798 . The county was named after Edmund Pendleton , a longtime member of the Virginia House of Burgesses , the Continental Congress and chief justice of Virginia .
Falmouth , the future county seat , began as a settlement called Forks of Licking , 1776 .
Falmouth was chartered in 1793 . Its name originated from the Virginians who settled there from Falmouth , Virginia . It was also in 1793 that one of the first sawmills in Kentucky was built in Falmouth . Falmouth was designated the county seat in 1799 . The county courthouse was erected in 1848 .
During the American Civil War , the county sent men to both armies . A Union Army recruiting camp was established in Falmouth in September 1861 . Two Confederate recruiters were captured and executed by the Union Army in the Peach Grove area of northern Pendleton County . In July 1862 , a number of county citizens were rounded up by Union troops during a crackdown against suspected Confederate sympathizers . In June 1863 , a number of women were arrested at Demossville because they were believed to be potential spies dangerous to the Federal government . Falmouth was the site of a small skirmish on September 18 , 1862 , between twenty-eight Confederates and eleven Home Guardsmen .
The city of Butler was established 1852 when the Kentucky Central Railroad was built through the area . The city was named for William O. Butler , U.S. member of congress from the area , when it was incorporated on February 1 , 1868 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.7 % ) is water . The county 's northeastern border with Ohio is formed by the Ohio River .
Adjacent counties
Kenton County ( northwest )
Campbell County ( north )
Clermont County , Ohio ( northeast )
Bracken County ( east )
Harrison County ( south )
Grant County ( west )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 14,390 people , 5,170 households , and 3,970 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 5,756 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.39 % White , 0.49 % Black or African American , 0.19 % Native American , 0.11 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.35 % from other races , and 0.44 % from two or more races . 0.67 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 5,170 households , out of which 39.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 62.80 % were married couples living together , 9.60 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 23.20 % were non-families . 20.10 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.14 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 28.40 % under the age of 18 , 8.50 % from 18 to 24 , 31.20 % from 25 to 44 , 21.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females there were 100.30 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 97.90 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 38,125 , and the median income for a family was $ 42,589 . Males had a median income of $ 31,885 versus $ 23,234 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,551 . About 9.80 % of families and 11.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 14.80 % of those under age 18 and 11.60 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Pendleton County High School , just north of Falmouth , is the public high school . It currently is home fewer than 1,000 students . The mascot for PCHS is the Wildcat , and the school colors are red , black and white . The school features two gyms and a 450-seat auditorium .
Other schools in the county are Sharp Middle School , named for Phillip Allen Sharp , American geneticist and molecular biologist and winner of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine ( 1993 ) and National Medal of Science ( 2004 ) , located between Falmouth and Butler , Northern Elementary in Butler , and Southern Elementary in Falmouth .
Library
Pendleton County Public Library is located at 801 Robbins Avenue , Falmouth . The library provides public access computers with high speed internet and free wifi . The library also offers copying , a fax service , and a public meeting room that can be reserved .
Politics
Culture
Pendleton County is home to The Kentucky Wool Festival , Griffin Center Amphitheater , and Kincaid Regional Theatre .
Phillip Allen Sharp , who earned the Nobel Prize for work that fundamentally changed scientists ' understanding of the structure of genes , is a native of Falmouth .
J. M. Lelen was pastor of St. Francis Xavier Roman Catholic Church in Falmouth for many years in the first half of the 20th century .
Beth Broderick , actor on Sabrina , the Teenage Witch was born in Falmouth .
Nate Jones was drafted in the 5th round , 179th overall , by the White Sox in the 2007 MLB Draft . They are currently with the Cincinnati Reds .
Samuel Thomas Hauser , born in Falmouth , was the first resident to become territorial governor of Montana and the seventh territorial governor to that date
John Merritt coached at Jackson State University from 1953 to 1962 and then at Tennessee State from 11962 through the remainder of their coaching career .
Communities
Butler
DeMossville
Falmouth ( county seat )
See also
Bethel Cemetery and Church , a historic frame church 5 miles north of Falmouth
Fryer House , an 1811 stone house , home of the Pendleton County Historical Society
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pendleton County , Kentucky
References
External links
Pendleton County Historical Images and Documents : Northern Kentucky Views
Pendleton County Genealogy - a KYGenWeb site
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
1798 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1798
Zarrin Dasht ( ) may refer to :
Zarrin Dasht County , Fars Province , Iran
Zarrin Dasht District , Hamadan Province , Iran
Zarrin Dasht Rural District , Ilam Province , Iran
Pratapur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9217 living in 1278 individual households .
References
External links
UN map of the municipal
Populated places in Kailali District
Notable people named James Bulger include :
Whitey Bulger ( 1929–2018 ) , organized crime boss and FBI informant
James Bulger ( 1990–1993 ) , English murder victim
Dinosaur Hunter or Dinosaur Hunters may refer to :
Dennis the Menace : Dinosaur Hunter , a 1987 TV film .
Dinosaur Hunters ( documentary ) , a 1996 National Geographic documentary about the 1990s AMNH expeditions led in the Gobi Desert by paleontologists Mike Novacek and Mark Norell .
Dinosaur Hunter ( video game ) , a 1996 video game .
Turok : Dinosaur Hunter , a 1997 video game .
Turok : Dinosaur Hunter , a 1993 comic book series on which the video game was based .
Walter Alva ( born 28 June 1951 ) , full name is Walter Alva Alva , is a Peruvian archaeologist , specializing in the study and excavation of the prehistoric Moche culture . Alva is noted for two major finds : the tomb of the Lord of Sipan and related people in 1987 , and 2007 .
Early life and education
Alva was born on 28 June 1951 in Contumazá Province . They earned their undergraduate and graduate degrees in archaeology .
Career
Alva has worked for years at the Bruning Archeological Museum in Lambayeque , Peru . They advanced to the post of director there .
Major finds
Lord of Sipan
In 1987 , Alva was called by police to investigate a site at Sipán , where huaqueros ( grave robbers ) had stolen artifacts from an archaeological site . Despite being ill with bronchitis , they made the trip . The robbers had discovered a crypt of a lord , filled with jewels and gold , and Alva knew it was significant . Alva did most of the excavating without delay , as they were concerned that robbers might come back and cause more damage . As a result , they started digging without any funding or the support of the area police , with matters made worse as the result of the primary robber being killed by police .
After further digging , Alva found , among other things , the undamaged body of a Moche lord . From these finds , they and other scholars were able to determine that Huaca Rajada , a group of three pyramids once thought to belong to the later Chimú culture , were a part of Moche culture . The findings were later described by the National Geographic Society as the richest intact pre-Columbian tomb in the Western Hemisphere .
During many of these years , Alva was the director of the Bruning Archaeological Museum in Lambayeque , Peru .
Murals at Ventarron
In 2007 , Alva discovered murals at a 4,000-year-old Peruvian temple in Ventarron . The murals , showing a deer caught in a net , are considered the oldest murals in the Americas . Alva determined their age by the process of carbon dating . The construction material that was used at the temple was not primitive . As a result , Alva was able to show that the civilization was able to spread farther than originally thought . They worked on the dig with their son Ignacio , who is also an archaeologist .
Legacy and honors
1990 , the Orden del Sol del Peru was awarded to Alva .
References
Living people
Peruvian archaeologists
1951 births
People from Contumazá Province
20th-century archaeologists
21st-century archaeologists
Recipients of the Order of the Sun of Peru
Toplis is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Chioma Toplis ( born 1972 ) , Nigerian actor
Percy Toplis ( 1896–1920 ) , British imposter
Tell Aqab is an ancient Mesopotamian settlement located in northeastern Syria , occupied from the early Halaf period ( 6000 BCE ) to c. 3800 BCE . It is situated at the northern edge of the Khabur Plain near the headwaters of the Khabur tributary of the Euphrates , 6 km south-southeast of the town of Amuda in Jazira Canton . It is one of the few sites that contain material relating to the Halaf-Ubaid Transitional period , c. 5500–5000 BCE .
Archaeological research
Characteristics and analysis of the pottery at Tell Aqab indicate that a large proportion of it is non-local and that there was a high level of trading activity with the nearby production centre of Chagar Bazar , some 15 km southwest of Tell Aqab .
Microscopic examination of the Ubaid pottery of Tell Aqab show that temper had been added to the clay of all analysed vessels . Temper is not present in any of the painted Halaf pots of Tell Aqab .
Marine shells have been found at Tell Aqab , linking it to further areas near the Mediterranean or Black Seas . Two specimens of Nassarius circumcinctus and one of Calliostoma zizyphinum , two sea snail species , were found in mid-to-late Halaf contexts at Tell Aqab . A 2003 survey of the distribution of shellfish in the `` Seas of Turkey '' found no C. zizyphinum nor N. circumcuntus in the Black Sea or Sea of Marmara , however both were found on the shores of the Mediterranean and Aegean Seas .
A gradual Halaf-Ubaid Transitional phase has been identified at Tell Aqab . Such a gradual transition has also been identified at other sites in Syria .
References
Bibliography
Davidson , T.E . & T. Watkins , 1981 . Two seasons of excavations at Tell Aqab in the Jezirah , N.E . Syria . Iraq 43 . 1-18
Archaeological sites in Syria
Former populated places in Syria
Al-Hasakah Governorate
Halaf culture
Ubaid period
Pečkovo ( ) is a village in the municipality of Gostivar , North Macedonia .
Demographics
According to the 2002 census , the village had a total of 48 inhabitants . Ethnic groups in the village include :
Macedonians 48
References
External links
Villages in Gostivar Municipality
Pteleonas ( Greek : Πτελεώνας ) , known before 1927 as Harbino ( Χαρμπίνας ) , is a village located 16 km east/southeast of Ptolemaida , in Kozani regional unit , within the Greek region of Macedonia . It is situated at an altitude of 780 meters . The postal code is 50200 , while the telephone code is +30 24630 . At the 2011 census , the population was 36 .
References
Populated places in Kozani ( regional unit )
Michael L. Gambino ( born July 9 , 1977 ) is an American college baseball coach , the head coach of the Boston College Eagles baseball team . They were named to the position in July 2010 . Prior to accepting the head coaching position at Boston College , they served as an assistant at Boston College , scouted for the Detroit Tigers , and served as an assistant at Virginia Tech .
Gambino played college baseball at Boston College from 1997–2000 . In 1998 , they played collegiate summer baseball for the Orleans Cardinals of the Cape Cod Baseball League . In June 2000 , they signed as an undrafted free agent with the Boston Red Sox and played two seasons of minor league baseball in their system .
Head coaching record
Below is a table of Gambino 's yearly records as an NCAA head baseball coach .
References
External links
Boston College Eagles bio
Virginia Tech Hokies bio
1977 births
Living people
Boston College Eagles baseball players
Orleans Firebirds players
Gulf Coast Red Sox players
Augusta GreenJackets players
Lowell Spinners players
Boston College Eagles baseball coaches
Virginia Tech Hokies baseball coaches
People from Cold Spring , New York
Baseball coaches from New York ( state )
The Women 's 100 metre butterfly competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 19 May 2016 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world , European and championship records were as follows .
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 19 May at 10:41 .
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 19 May at 18:30 .
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 20 May at 19:18 .
References
Women 's 100 metre butterfly
2016 in women 's swimming
Track listing
`` Melting the Ice Queen '' – 7:46 ( The Workshop Edit )
`` Fort Apache '' – 4:51
`` Celebrity Art Party '' – 3:18
References
Kanine Records artist page
Oxford Collapse official website
Oxford Collapse albums
2004 remix albums
In Kerala , the administrative divisions below the district are called taluks . There are 78 taluks with 1670 villages ( including group villages ) .
{
`` type '' : `` ExternalData '' ,
`` service '' : `` geoshape '' ,
`` properties '' : {
`` stroke '' : `` # ff0000 '' ,
`` stroke-width '' : 1
} ,
`` query '' : `` # Taluks in Kerala\nSELECT ? id ? idLabel\n ( concat ( `` , ? idLabel , `` ) as ? title ) \nWHERE\n { \n ? id wdt : P361 wd : Q7680362 . # is a district\n ? id wdt : P17 wd : Q668 . # in India\nSERVICE wikibase : label { bd : serviceParam wikibase : language 'en ' } \n } '' }
See also
Districts of Kerala
References
Kerala
Smith 's Expedition to Tupelo was a military movement of the Union Army during the American Civil War .
The Expedition
On July 5 , 1864 Major General Andrew Jackson Smith of the XVI Corps set out on an expedition to protect Major General William T. Sherman 's supply line of their Atlanta campaign . Against Major General Stephen D. Lee and Major General Nathan Bedford Forrest after the Confederate victory at the Battle of Brice 's Crossroads , the supply lines for Major General William T. Sherman 's armies in Georgia became increasingly vulnerable the expedition ended on July 21 , 1864 .
Result
The expedition was a Union success with the Battle of Tupelo however the Federal troops began a retreat back to Memphis within a few days due to spoiled rations .
Union Army
Right Wing-XVI Corps - Major General Andrew J. Smith
1st Division - Brigadier General Joseph A. Mower
1st Brigade - Colonel William L. McMillen
2nd Brigade - Colonel Alexander Wilkin ( k )
3rd Brigade - Colonel Joseph J . Woods
4th Brigade - Colonel Lyman M. Ward ( detached from XVII Corps )
2nd Division - Colonel David Moore
1st Brigade - Colonel Charles D. Murray
2nd Brigade - Colonel James I. Gilbert
3rd Brigade - Colonel Edward H. Wolfe ( detached from 4th Division )
Cavalry Division - Brigadier General Benjamin H. Grierson
2nd Brigade - Colonel Edward F. Winslow
3rd Brigade - Colonel Datus E. Coon
U.S.C.T .
1st Brigade - Colonel Edward Bouton
References
Union Army
1864 in Mississippi
Ray Morgan is an American curler , a and a 1972 United States men 's curling champion .
That 1972 silver medallist team is best known for the `` Curse of LaBonte '' - one of the most famous curses in curling history . It was caused by an incident at the finals of the 1972 world men 's curling championship , the 1972 Air Canada Silver Broom in Garmisch-Partenkirchen , Germany .
They also won the United States Mixed Curling Championship .
Personal life
Morgan attended the University of North Dakota .
Teams
Man 's
Mixed
References
External links
American male curlers
American curling champions
University of North Dakota alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Tabu is an Indian actor . They have mainly acted in Hindi films , though they have also starred in numerous Telugu , Tamil , Malayalam , Marathi and Bengali language films , as well as Hollywood films . They have won the National Film Award for Best Actress twice , and holds the record for the most wins of Filmfare Awards in Critics Best Actress with four . Other than Best Actress category , they have received Filmfare Awards in Best Female Debut , Best Actress , Best Supporting Actress , Best Actress ( Tamil ) and Best Actress ( Telugu ) categories .
Despite a few exceptions , Tabu is best known for acting in artistic , low-budget films that go on to garner more critical appreciation than substantial box office figures . Them appearances in commercially successful films include films such as Border ( 1997 ) , Saajan Chale Sasural ( 1996 ) , Biwi No.1 and Hum Saath-Saath Hain : We Stand United ( 1999 ) . Them most notable performances include Maachis ( 1996 ) , Virasat ( 1997 ) , Hu Tu Tu ( 1999 ) , Astitva ( 2000 ) , Chandni Bar ( 2001 ) , Maqbool ( 2003 ) and Cheeni Kum ( 2007 ) . Them leading role in Mira Nair 's American film The Namesake also drew major praise . They also co-starred in Ang Lee 's film Life of Pi ( 2012 ) , which was widely acclaimed .
Regarded as one of the most talented Indian female actors of their generation , Tabu is known to be selective about their film roles and has once said , `` I do films which move me and most of all , the unit and the director should appeal to me . '' They were awarded the Padma Shri , India 's fourth highest civilian award , in 2011 by the Government of India for their contributions towards the arts . At the 17th Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles they were honored with `` Opening Night Tribute '' , in 2019 .
Alliance of Women Film Journalists
The Alliance of Women Film Journalists ( AWFJ ) is a non-profit organization founded in 2006 . It is based in New York City and is dedicated to supporting work by and about women in the film industry .
Asian Film Awards
The Asian Film Awards are presented annually by the Hong Kong International Film Festival Society to members of Asian cinema .
Asiavision Awards
The Asiavision Awards have been held annually since 2006 to honor the artistes and technicians of Indian cinema and television .
Bengal Film Journalists ' Association Awards
The Bengal Film Journalists ' Association Awards were founded by the oldest Association of Film critics in 1937 . It is one of the most prestigious awards held in India .
BIG Star Entertainment Awards
The BIG Star Entertainment Awards is an annual event organised by the Reliance Broadcast Network .
Bollywood Movie Awards
The Bollywood Movie Awards were presented annually by The Bollywood Group beginning in 1999 . They were discontinued after 2007 .
Filmfare Awards
Established in 1954 , the Filmfare Awards are presented annually by The Times Group to members of the Hindi film industry .
Filmfare Awards South
The Filmfare Awards South is the South Indian segment of the annual Filmfare Awards , presented by The Times Group to honour both artistic and technical excellence of professionals in the South Indian film industry . The awards are separately given for Kannada , Tamil , Telugu and Malayalam films .
Indian Film Festival of Melbourne
The Indian Film Festival of Melbourne ( IFFM ) is an annual Indian film festival based in Melbourne , Australia . It is presented by Film Victoria and the State Government of Victoria , and produced by Mind Blowing Films , a Melbourne-based distributor of Indian cinema across Australia and New Zealand .
International Indian Film Academy Awards
The International Indian Film Academy Awards ( shortened as IIFA ) is an annual international event organised by the Wizcraft International Entertainment Pvt . Ltd. to honour excellence in the Hindi cinema .
National Film Awards
The National Film Awards are awarded by the Government of India 's Directorate of Film Festivals division for achievements in the Indian film industry . Tabu has received two awards .
Producers Guild Film Awards
The Producers Guild Film Awards ( previously knows as Apsara Film & Television Producers Guild Awards ) is an annual event originated by the Film Producers Guild of India to recognize excellence in Indian film and television .
Screen Awards
The Screen Awards are presented annually by Indian Express Limited to honour excellence in Hindi and Marathi cinema .
Stardust Awards
The Stardust Awards are an annual event organised by Magna Publishing Company Limited .
Zee Cine Awards
The Zee Cine Awards is an annual award ceremony organised by the Zee Entertainment Enterprises .
Other Awards , Honors and Recognition 's
See also
Tabu filmography
List of Indian film actores
Notes
References
External links
List of awards and nominations received by Tabu at the Internet Movie Database
Lists of awards received by Indian actor
k Puppis ( k Pup , k Puppis ) is a Bayer designation given to an optical double star in the constellation Puppis , the two components being k1 Puppis and k2 Puppis .
Bayer designation
Note that the Bayer designation for this star is `` k '' not `` kappa '' ( κ ) . In Bayer 's original Uranometria , k Puppis was listed as ρ ( rho ) Navis . When Lacaille broke apart the large constellation Argo Navis into Carina , Puppis , and Vela , they re-designated the stars with Greek letters in a single sequence across all three constellations . Additionally , Lacaille used Latin letters for many additional stars . κ ( kappa ) is in the constellation of Vela and so there is no kappa in Puppis . The confusion also extends to the proper name Markab which properly applies to κ Velorum ( and other stars ) but which has also been used for k Puppis when it is called κ Puppis .
Description
Both k1 Puppis and k2 Puppis are bright blue B-type stars of nearly equal brightness , +4.50 and +4.62 , respectively . To the naked eye , the pair has a combined magnitude of +3.80 . On the sky , the two stars are separated by approximately 9.9 seconds of arc along PA 318° . The optical pair can be distinguished easily with a small telescope . The component k1 Puppis is a binary star system in its own right , while k2 Puppis is a variable star . Each star within the k Puppis optical pair is between 450 and 470 light years from Earth .
k Puppis is listed in the General Catalogue of Variable Stars as a suspected variable star , but the range and type are not stated . The International Bulletin of Variable Stars has since published research showing that k2 Puppis is the variable component . It is an SX Arietis variable with a period of 1.9093 days which is also the rotational period of the star . The total amplitude is 0.015 apparent magnitude .
k2 Puppis is a chemically peculiar star with a strong magnetic field . It is classified as a He-weak star and in addition to a deficit of helium in its spectrum , it shows an overabundance of many iron peak and rare earth elements . All of its spectral lines show variability , probably due to variations in the chemical makeup of its atmosphere as it rotates .
References
External links
Puppis
Puppis , k
k Puppis
k Puppis
k Puppis
k1 Puppis
B-type main-sequence stars
2948 9
037229
061555 6
Suspected variables
Durchmusterung objects
SX Arietis variables
Helium-weak stars
Maryvale is a locality in Dubbo Regional Council , New South Wales , Australia .
Railway
Maryvale once had a station on the Main Western line and a railway was proposed between Maryvale Triangular Junction ( located at , north of Maryvale station ) and Sandy Hollow on the Merriwa Branch Railway Line as part of a railway linking Dubbo and western New South Wales to Newcastle .
Only the Sandy Hollow–Gulgong section has been completed as part of Ulan Mine Rail Link to Newcastle , although most of the earthworks , culverts , bridge abutments and so on and Tunnel No 5 of 5 on the Sandy Hollow to Maryvale Triangular or Y Junction section ( located at ) were built on the section between Gulgong and Maryvale between 1937 and 1951 .
References
Towns in the Central West ( New South Wales )
Dubbo Regional Council
Akyaka is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Burdur District
Loriotus is a genus of birds in the tanager family Thraupidae . The species now placed in this genus were formerly placed in the genus Tachyphonus .
Taxonomy and species list
The three species now assigned to Loriotus were traditionally placed in the genus Tachyphonus . A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found that Tachyphonus was polyphyletic . In the subsequent reorganization the genus Loriotus was resurrected for these three species . The genus had been introduced in 1821 by the Polish zoologist Feliks Paweł Jarocki with the flame-crested tanager as the type species . The name is derived from the French word loriot that is used for the Old World orioles .
The three species in the genus are :
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Feliks Paweł Jarocki
Geijera is a genus of shrubs and trees in the family Rutaceae and are native to New Guinea , Australia and New Caledonia . They have simple leaves arranged alternately , panicles of bisexual flowers usually with five , sometimes four , sepals , petals and stamens and fruit containing shiny black seeds .
Description
Plants in the genus Geijera are shrubs or trees with simple leaves arranged alternately . They have small , bisexual flowers arranged in many-flowered panicles in upper leaf axils and on the ends of branchlets and usually have five , sometimes four sepals , petals and stamens . The sepals are fused at the base , up to long , and persist in the fruit . The petals are white or cream-coloured , up to long and the stamens are up to long and arranged opposite the sepals . The fruit consists of up to five more or less spherical follicles joined at the base each with a single shiny black seed .
Taxonomy
The genus Geijera was first formally described in 1834 by Schott in their book Rutaceae - Fragmenta Botanica and the first species to be described ( the type species ) was Geijera salicifolia . The name Geijera honours J.D . Geijer , a 17th century Swedish botanist .
Species list
The following is a list of species accepted by the Australian Plant Census , or Plants of the World Online for species outside Australia :
Geijera balansae Schinz & Guillaumin – New Caledonia
Geijera cauliflora Baill . – New Caledonia
Geijera deplanchei ( Pancher & Siebert ) Däniker – New Caledonia
Geijera linearifolia ( DC . ) J.M.Black – South Australia , Western Australia
Geijera parviflora Lindl . – Queensland , New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia
Geijera salicifolia Schott – New Guinea , New Caledonia , Queensland , New South Wales , Northern Territory .
Plants of the World Online includes G. helmsiae and G. paniculata but the Australian Plants Census lists these as synonyms of Coatesia paniculata .
Distribution and habitat
Most species of Geijera grow in tropical or subtropical rainforest . Three species occur on New Caledonia , and three in Australia , two of which are endemic .
References
Taxa named by Heinrich Wilhelm Schott
Zanthoxyloideae genera
Ibrahim Tahir ( died December 9 , 2009 ) was a Nigerian sociologist , writer , and politician during the Second Republic and a prominent member of the Kaduna Mafia . Prior to their entry into politics , they were a sociologist who was renowned for their traditionalist conservative views .
Life
Tahir was born in Tafawa Balewa , and received their early education at Kobi Primary School .
In 1954 , they attended Barewa College graduating in 1958 . They then proceeded to King 's College , Cambridge on a regional government scholarship where they earned a bachelor 's and doctorate degree in social anthropology .
In 1967 , they took up appointment as a sociology lecturer at Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria . They founded the Gamji club , a social club in honour of Premier Ahmadu Bello . At the university , they were considered a foremost conservative who frequently clashed with progressives Bala Usman and Patrick Wilmot . Following the fall of the First Republic , they advocated for Northern Nigeria 's core value of respect for constituted authority with progressive values of an open society . In this they shared confidence with a group of Northerners known as the Kaduna Mafia , who were intellectuals , civil servants and military officers .
In 1978 , Tahir was a founding member of the National Party of Nigeria and later became the party secretary . In the Second Republic , they were appointed chairperson of the Northern Nigeria Development Corporation and later became communications minister . They later participated in the National Political Reform Conference , and headed the Red Cross Society in Nigeria .
Death
Tahir died on December 8 , 2009 , in Cairo following a protracted illness .
Works
The Last Imam ( 1984 )
References
2009 deaths
People from Bauchi State
Year of birth missing
Nigerian politicians
Nigerian writers
Barewa College alumni
Alumni of King 's College , Cambridge
Ahmadu Bello University faculty
Joël Holmès ( ; 1 August 1928 – 2 September 2009 ) was a Romanian-born French singer-songwriter .
Biography
Joël Holmès was born under the name Joël Covrigaru in 1928 in Tighina , where their parents moved from Akkermansky Uyezd ( father from the city of Izmail , mother from the village of Talmaza ) of the Russian Empire ( which owned the zone until 1918 ) . In 1934 , Holmès moved to France with their parents . During World War II , their parents Michel Covrigaru ( 1892–1942 ) and Hana Ehrlich ( 1898–1942 ) , as foreign nationals of Jewish origin , were interned in the Drancy concentration camp , from where on 28 September 1942 they were deported to Auschwitz and killed on arrival on 3 October the same year . Joel themselves was sheltered by a familiar family until the end of the occupation .
After the war , they changed several professions ( including working as an electrician and a photographer ) , then entered the theater department of Le Petit Conservatoire de la chanson Mireille Artyush . Since 1954 they have performed in various Parisian cabarets ( Milord l'Arsouille , Cabaret L'Écluse ) with Pia Colombo , Maurice Fanon , Georges Moustaki and Jean Ferrat .
After winning the broadcast Numéros 1 de demain of radio Europe 1 in 1958 , the name of Joël Holmès gained fame and they recorded their first album . In total , since 1959 , 9 albums by J. Holmes have been released with the performance of their own songs ( some of which were created with co-authors ) .
Received the Grand Prix of the Académie Charles-Cros in 1960 ( the song was co-written with Georges Mustaki ) . In 1965 they took part in the Sopot International Song Festival ( song `` L'amour '' , lyrics by J. Holmès , music by B. Kesler ) .
Holmès ' most famous songs include `` La mer m ' a donné '' ( written with Georges Moustaki ) , `` Jean-Marie de Pantin '' ( written with Maurice Fanon ) , `` La vie s'en va '' , `` Il y a du chambard dans les marguerites '' , `` Au quai du point du jour '' . The last album was released in 1966 , after which they unexpectedly finished their career . Holmès ' songs were subsequently recorded by various performers . The song `` La vie s'en va '' was translated into Russian by Boris Poloskin and became very popular in the USSR under the name `` I Love '' ( « Я люблю » ) performed by Sergei and Tatiana Nikitin .
They were married to film producer and screenwriter Véra Belmont . Their son Stefan was a cameraman .
Discography
EP
1959 – La pierre ( Le bal de quartier , La vieille musique , Sur un bord de rive , La pierre )
1959 – La grande foraine ( La grande foraine , Il y a du chambard dans les marguerites , Dis-donc Pierrot , Au Quai du Point du Jour , Muguet frais )
1960 – Le cœur de Julie ( Le cœur de Julie , Les souvenirs , La fille du meunier , Un océan d'amour )
1960 – La mer m ' a donné ( La mer m ' a donné , C'était Johnny , Jean-Marie de Pantin , Brève rencontre )
1962 – La vie s'en va ( La vie s'en va , Jupon vole , Le valet , Triste guitare )
1963 – Trois branches de lilas blanc ( Trois branches de lilas blanc , La noce à Eugène , L'étang , Gardez vos filles )
1963 – Fromlock ( La romance , À tout choisir , La carriole , Fromlock )
1965 – Qu'est-ce qui fait courir le monde ? ( Qu'est-ce qui fait courir le monde ? , Je reviens , Quand deux enfants s'aiment , L'amour )
1966 – Les chemins de Rome ( Je suis avec toi , Les chemins de Rome , Si je m'écoutais , On n ' a donc rien appris )
LP
1963 – Joël Holmes 1963
1963 – Mes premières chansons ( 1958—1963 )
1964 – Joël Holmes
1965 – 12 chansons françaises
References
1928 births
2009 deaths
People from Bender , Moldova
French composers
French male singer-songwriters
Romanian composers
Romanian expatriates in France
The Secret Lives of Colour is a 2016 non-fiction book by British writer Kassia St. Clair which explores the cultural and social history of colours . The book , which is based on a column St. Clair writes for British magazine Elle Decoration , is organized in a series of chapters by color , arranged from white to black . Each chapter is composed of short , two to four pages , essays on different shades of its respective color , discussing an interesting aspect of science , history , art , or culture relating to the shade . There are a total of 75 essays in the book . Each page is bordered by a stripe of the color it discusses for easy visual identification , even when the book is closed .
Reception
The book was generally well-received by critics . NPR listed it on its Best Books of 2017 list . Lily Le Brun of The Economist found the book 's design visually appealing and helpful for referencing . Cathy Dillon of The Irish Times called it `` perfect gift for a colour enthusiast '' . Laura J. Snyder of The Wall Street Journal wrote that it brought the history of both science and art `` into vivid relief . ''
Critics responded particularly well to the breadth of subjects discussed . Claire Voon of Hyperallergic found it `` diligently researched , '' and remarked on the topical diversity of the various essays . Ross Stewart of Chemistry World described the vignette structure as an `` effective ... conceit '' allowing St. Clair to `` dance effortlessly through an astonishing range of subjects . '' Lucy Watson 's review in the Financial Times was more critical , describing the book as `` somewhat fragmented , '' and expressing disappointment that the book focused on anecdotes without discussing the classification of color as a broad topic .
References
2016 non-fiction books
Art history books
Books about color
Design books
John Murray ( publishing house ) books
Penguin Random House
Color in culture
Mamadou Kansaye ( born October 13 , 1992 ) is a Malian footballer who plays for Christos FC in the United States Adult Soccer Association .
Career
College and Amateur
Kansaye began their career at North Carolina State University where they played for one season . In their only season with the Wolfpack , Kansaye made 15 appearances and tallied two goals and three assists before transferring to UMBC . After sitting out the 2011 season due to NCAA Transfer rules , Kansaye made a total of 63 appearances for the Retrievers and tallied nine goals and 19 assists .
Kansaye also played for Baltimore Bohemians in the Premier Development League .
Professional
On March 25 , 2015 , Kansaye signed a professional contract with USL expansion side Charlotte Independence . They made their professional debut two days later in a 3–2 defeat to Charleston Battery .
In 2017 , Kansaye was part of the amateur Christos FC team that competed in the 2017 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup . In their fourth-round match against heavily favored MLS side D.C. United , their free-kick put Christos up 1–0 . The team ended up losing , however , 4–1 .
References
External links
UMBC Retrievers
1992 births
Living people
Malian footballers
Malian expatriate footballers
NC State Wolfpack men 's soccer players
UMBC Retrievers men 's soccer players
Baltimore Bohemians players
Charlotte Independence players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Bamako
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Sandra L. Calvert is a developmental and child psychologist , whose scholarship illuminates the children 's media area , including policy implications . Calvert is currently professor of psychology , and an affiliated faculty member at the McCourt School of Public Policy at Georgetown University . Calvert is also the co-founder and Director of the Children 's Digital Media Center , a multi-university research initiative funded primarily by multiple grants from the National Science Foundation , as well as by private foundations . Calvert served as chair of the department of psychology at Georgetown University from 2006 to 2009 .
Education and early career
Calvert received their B.A . degree with a major in psychology and a minor in sociology from West Virginia University , an MA degree in human development and family studies from the Pennsylvania State University , and their Ph.D. in developmental and child psychology from the University of Kansas . Them mentor for their doctoral degree was Aletha C. Huston , Ph.D . Prior to coming to Georgetown University , they served on the faculty in child development and family relations at the University of North Carolina-Greensboro .
Research
Calvert 's research spans the fields of child psychology , communications , child development , health , medicine , and social policy . They and their colleagues have been awarded more than $ 9.25 million in external funding to conduct research on children 's media , including multiple collaborative grants from the National Science Foundation , the first of which was used to create the Children 's Digital Media Center ( CDMC ) . They have also received funding from private foundations , such as the Stuart Family Foundation , the Smith Richardson Foundation , and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
Overall , Calvert has published seven books , more than 80 peer-reviewed journal articles , and more than 30 book chapters . They have also given more than 250 invited papers and refereed presentations at professional conferences and meetings . Calvert 's research addresses seminal questions such as how learning from observational media interfaces like television and film are similar or different from more interactive media such as computers and tablets . Them research has covered numerous content areas and media interfaces with children ranging in age from infancy through emerging adulthood . These topics include children 's comprehension of media content , particularly of educational and prosocial content , and their parasocial interaction with media characters ; the influence of gender roles in the media ; the impact of video games on childhood aggression ; the impact of marketing , including the role of media characters , and exergaming ( video games that require movement ) on childhood obesity ; the role of media characters in mathematical skill learning ; very early learning from media ; and the role of production features ( e.g. , action , sound effects , dialogue ) as representational tools to help children think about and understand content . As media platforms have evolved and changed , they have grown with the times , examining diverse kinds of interfaces ranging from stories presented in television and film to computer , video , and virtual reality games , to apps on tablets and math games taught by intelligent agents .
Policy
Calvert has served on numerous advisory committees and made numerous media presentations to improve the quality of children 's media , including a series of lectures for the U.S. State Department about creating quality educational media , which was hosted by the U.S. embassy in Macedonia . In the educational media area , they presented testimony before the Senate Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation about the impact and future of the Children 's Television Act , which requires broadcasters to provide educational and informational programming for children . They also served on two committees for the National Academies , one on youth , pornography , and the Internet , and the second on the role of food marketing in the pediatric obesity crisis , as well as on an American Psychological Task Force to examine the impact of violent video games on youth aggression .
Awards and honors
American Psychological Association Fellow
International Communication Association Fellow
Erskine Fellow , University of Canterbury New Zealand
National Research Council ( United States ) Associate Award
Outstanding Young Women of America
Phi Beta Kappa
Psi Chi Honorary
Recent representative publications
References
External links
Professor Calvert 's Faculty Page at Georgetown
Children 's Digital Media Center website
Sandra Calvert 's CV
The Joan Ganz Cooney Center
Blog on Learning and Development
Hearing on Children 's Television Act of 1990
Developmental psychologists
Living people
American women psychologists
American psychologists
People from South Charleston , West Virginia
McCourt School of Public Policy faculty
20th-century American scientists
21st-century American scientists
Pennsylvania State University College of Health and Human Development alumni
University of Kansas alumni
Fellows of the American Psychological Association
Year of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century American women
American women academics
21st-century American women
The 1973–74 Honduran Liga Nacional season was the 8th edition of the Honduran Liga Nacional . The format of the tournament remained the same as the previous season . C.D . Motagua won the title on 9 September 1973 in the 1–1 away draw against C.D . España and qualified to the 1974 CONCACAF Champions ' Cup along with runners-up C.D . Marathón .
1973–74 teams
Atlético Indio ( Tegucigalpa )
Broncos ( Choluteca )
España ( San Pedro Sula )
Marathón ( San Pedro Sula )
Motagua ( Tegucigalpa )
Olimpia ( Tegucigalpa )
Platense ( Puerto Cortés )
Troya ( Tegucigalpa )
Universidad ( Tegucigalpa )
Vida ( La Ceiba )
Regular season
Standings
Top scorers
Mario Blandón Artica ( Motagua ) with 13 goals
Allard Plummer ( Marathón ) with 13 goals
Squads
Known results
Round 1
Round 6
Round 20
Unknown rounds
References
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras seasons
1
Honduras
Medalists
Standings
Men 's Competition
References
Complete 1993 Mediterranean Games Standings Archived
1993 in water polo
Sports at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
1993
1993
Marine World/Africa USA was an animal theme park located in the Redwood Shores area of Redwood City , California . The park was named Marine World when it first opened in 1968 before merging with the failing land-animal park called Africa USA in 1972 . In 1986 , the park relocated to Vallejo , California and is now known as Six Flags Discovery Kingdom .
Origins of the Africa U.S.A. name
There were two successive Africa U.S.A. parks in California , both associated with animal trainer Ralph Helfer . The first Africa U.S.A. in California was created in 1962 as a affection training compound by Ralph and Toni Helfer . It was located in Soledad Canyon near Palmdale , north of Los Angeles .
Ivan Tors first discovered Clarence , the cross-eyed lion , at Africa , U.S.A. and it inspired them to create the film Clarence , the Cross-Eyed Lion ( 1965 ) and the spin-off television series Daktari , which was partly shot on location there . Judy the chimp , another star of the show , was also owned by Ralph Helfer . A few other shows such as Cowboy in Africa , Gentle Ben , as well as an episode of Star Trek ( `` Shore Leave '' ) were also shot there . Helfer provided both the location and the animals .
In January 1969 , Africa U.S.A. was struck by a powerful rainstorm over Soledad Canyon . The resulting severe flooding and mudslides in the canyons destroyed the compound , but only nine of Helfer 's 1,500 animals had drowned .
The property was located at 8237 Soledad Canyon Road , and by the mid-2000s had become the Robin 's Nest campground . Heavily damaged by the Sand Fire ( 2016 ) , the property was sold on June 29 , 2018 to the Mountains Recreation & Conservation Authority with the assistance of The Trust for Public Land , and is currently being restored to its natural condition in preparation for reopening to the public .
Marine World/Africa U.S.A .
The Marine World/Africa U.S.A. site occupied approximately of reclaimed tidelands in the San Francisco Bay within the confines of the Redwood Shores district of Redwood City . Numerous shallow sloughs , which have long been filled in , are known to have meandered across the property in its natural state . The general area of the site was diked off from the bay about 1910 , and was used for pasture until about 1946 when it was converted to salt evaporation ponds . The site was then cleaned and leveled , and between 1964 and 1965 , received about two feet of fill dirt . Construction of Marine World took place between 1966 and 1968 . Available topographic surveys indicate that surcharges of two to three feet were placed over some of the old slough areas prior to construction of the animal park .
Marine World opened in July 1968 . The park was owned and operated by the American Broadcasting Company . The park 's original attractions were based around sea creatures on display and marine–themed shows . These shows included orcas , seals , and during the waterski and boat show , a water skiing elephant named Judy . By modern standards , many of these attractions would be considered unethical to animals however during its time period the park took an animal `` preservationist '' stance .
The performances of the shows required fast low wake ski boats which were developed locally and known as `` Avenger '' hull series boats which would later influence companies like Master Craft to achieve faster ski boats for pleasure craft use . Marine World changed management in late 1969 during the off season and added new displays as well as new pavilions for Sea Creatures including `` Big Lou '' a large Elephant Seal . Marine World management had been in discussions with Ralph Helfner shortly after their park had been inconvenienced at the behest of Lanny Cornell a well known animal veterinarian in the industry . Plans to incorporate Africa U.S.A. took almost a full year to design and build the expansion of the park and then implement the changes into the daily routine .
Ralph Helfer and Resorts International eventually bought out Marine World in 1972 when it went bankrupt and added a more to the wildlife park and adding the `` jungle theater '' , renaming the park as Marine World/Africa U.S.A .
One of the park 's star attractions was that it was home to Mardji , a trained Asian elephant that portrayed the Banthas in the original Star Wars film and that was also filmed for reference movement of the AT-ATs in The Empire Strikes Back . Mardji 's original Bantha costume was on display for visitors to view at their enclosure . Mardji died on November 26 , 1995 in Six Flags Discovery Kingdom in Vallejo , California .
Campus closure and move
The Marine World/Africa U.S.A. park moved in 1986 to Vallejo , California , where it eventually became Six Flags Discovery Kingdom . The Redwood Shores location of the former Marine World/Africa U.S.A. was recently occupied by the former world headquarters of Oracle Corporation .
References
Further reading
Redwood City Public Library 'Redwood Shores : A Short History ' , April , 1999
History of San Mateo County , California
Landmarks in California
Oceanaria in the United States
Zoos in California
Former zoos
Defunct amusement parks in California
1968 establishments in California
1998 disestablishments in California
Zoos established in 1968
Zoos disestablished in 1998
The Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Series , Miniseries , or Television Film is one of the annual Satellite Awards given by the International Press Academy .
Winners and nominees
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
References
External links
Official website
Actor - Series , Miniseries or Television Film , Supporting
Television awards for Best Supporting Actor
PKG or Pkg may refer to
.pkg file extension
Package ( disambiguation )
Pangkor Airport , which is assigned the IATA code USM
Penkridge railway station , Staffordshire , National Rail station code PKG
pkg , Image Packaging System used to install the Solaris Operating systems and its applications
The pkg ( 8 ) command-line utility for installing and managing FreeBSD packages
Protein kinase G
Hümmel is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
The municipality has a forest of ancient beeches . It employs the forester and author Peter Wohlleben , who operates an ecologically sensitive burial ground there to generate funds for maintenance and protection of the forest .
They give talks and publishes books to increase public understanding of trees and their interdependence .
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler ( district )
Theryola touzalini is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Theryola .
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Ahmed Saadawi ( born 1973 , ) is an Iraqi novelist , poet , screenwriter and documentary filmmaker . They won the 2014 International Prize for Arabic Fiction for Frankenstein in Baghdad . They live and works in Baghdad .
Awards and honours
2010 Beirut39 project , one of 39 chosen participants
2014 International Prize for Arabic Fiction , winner for Frankenstein in Baghdad
2017 Grand prix de l'Imaginaire , Foreign-language novel winner for Frankenstein in Baghdad
Bibliography
2000 Anniversary of Bad Songs ( poetry )
2004 The Beautiful Country ( novel )
2008 Indeed They Dream or Plays or Dies ( novel )
2013 Frankenstein in Baghdad ( novel )
References
20th-century Iraqi novelists
Living people
1973 births
International Prize for Arabic Fiction winners
21st-century Iraqi novelists
The Lordship of Villena ( ) was a feudal state located in southern Spain , in the kingdom of Castile . It bordered to the north with Cuenca and to south with the city of Murcia . The territory was structured in two political centers : the Land of Alarcón , to the north , and the Land of Chinchilla to the south . Less central were the towns of Iniesta , the Land of Jorquera , Hellín , Tobarra , Almansa , Yecla , Sax and Villena , which , despite giving the name to the lordship , was territorially peripheral , although it previously included the cities along Vinalopó river ( Sax , Elda , Novelda , Elche ) . The borders changed with the time , provided the temporary addition of some towns ( Villarrobledo , Lezuza , Munera , Jumilla and Utiel in the 15th century ) and the loss of some other towns .
The lordship has a double historical origin . On the one side , the towns and villages of the Land of Jorquera , Hellín , Ves , Tobarra , Almansa , Yecla , Sax and Villena were owned by Infante Manuel of Castile , so it began to be called the Land of don Manuel . On the other side , the Land of Alarcón and Iniesta belonged to the crown during the 12th and 13th centuries , being incorporated to the lordship by Juan Manuel , Prince of Villena , who had a very wide jurisdiction in their land and made it become a dukedom and , finally , a principate .
References
Bibliography
Dukedoms of Spain
Principalities
Crown of Aragon
Kingdom of Castile
Villena
Woodyhallen is an indoor arena in Katrineholm , Sweden . Its current capacity is 3,000 and it was built in 2006 . It is used to host ice hockey and other indoor events .
Indoor ice hockey venues in Sweden
Ice hockey venues in Sweden
The Peruvian plantcutter ( Phytotoma raimondii ) is an endangered species of bird in the family Cotingidae . As the other plantcutters , this species is sexually dimorphic and folivorous . It is endemic to scrub and woodland in north-western Peru , and is threatened by habitat loss .
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet .
Peruvian plantcutter
Endemic birds of Peru
Peruvian plantcutter
Peruvian plantcutter
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Geungusu of Baekje ( died 384 , r. 375–384 ) was the fourteenth king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Background and rise to the throne
Geungusu was the eldest son of the 13th king Geunchogo , and father to the 15th king Chimnyu and the 16th king Jinsa . In 369 , as crown prince , Geungusu led the Baekje armies against invading troops of the northern Korean kingdom Goguryeo , capturing 5,000 prisoners . They pushed on to Pyongyang and Sugok-seong in 371 , killing Goguryeo 's king Gogugwon in battle .
They continued their father 's policies , and their father 's alliance with the Jin clan . Their chief minister , Jin Godo ( 眞高道 ) , was the father of their queen , Lady Ai ( 阿尒夫人 ) .
Reign
During Geungusu 's reign , Baekje was in hostile relations with its northern neighbor , Goguryeo , because of Baekje 's attacks on Pyongyang , and the murder of a Goguryeo king during one of the battles . They continued these hostilities as king , taking Pyongyang in 377 with 30,000 men . Had they pushed onto Goguryeo , which was still under turmoil with Gogugwon 's death , then Baekje would have completed the conquest of Goguryeo .
Baekje continued as the military and economic power it was during their father 's reign . Geungusu maintained friendly relations with China and Yamato period Japan . They are recorded in the Nihonshoki as having sent the noted Baekje scholar Wang In to Japan with copies of the Analects of Confucius and one copy of the Thousand Character Classic . However , on the basis of Korean accounts some believe that this took place decades later , in the reign of King Asin .
There were several astonishing weather-related events during their reign , such as the raining dirt incident in 379 . A severe drought in 382 also showed the king 's love for their people , as they opened up the kingdom 's food storages and fed the people .
Samguk Sagi :
`` King Geungusu was also called Hwisu . Geungusu was the son of King Geunchogo . Previously , Sayu , king of Goguryeo , themselves came and invaded . King Geunchogo dispatched the crown prince to repel them , and they reached Bangeolyang and was goiung to give battle . A man from Goguryeo called Sagi , who was originally a man from Baekje and had mistakenly injured the hoof of the king 's steed , feared punishment and fled to Goguryeo . Returning to Baekje at this time , they told the crown prince , `` Their soldiers are many , but all of their numbers are meant to deceive you . The only valiant troops are the ones with the red banners — if you first break them , the other troops will not attack and flee of their own accord . ''
The crown prince followed their advice , and attacked and put them to a great rout , and they pursued them to the north , reaching all the way to the northwest of the fortress of Sugok . Geneal Makgohae then admonished him , saying `` I have heard the taoists say , `` Know when you have enough , and you will not be humiliated . Know when to stop , and you will not put yourself in danger . Now we have gained much : why do we need to seek more ? ''
The prince thought it good and stopped , and raised a mound of rocks as a memorium . Then they climbed to the top of it and said to those around him , `` After today , who will again come to this place ? '' The earth there is full of cliffs and rocks , and cracked like the hoof of a horse . Other people , up to the present , stil call this place `` the hoofprints of the crown prince . '' Geunchogo died in the 30th year of their reign , and Geungusu succeeded him . ''
376 AD , The king 's uncle on their mother 's side , Jin Godo , was made Minister of the Interior . They were entrusted with matters of the administration . Winter , eleventh month . Goguryeo came and invaded the northern borders .
377 AD , winter , tenth month . The king , their general , and 30,000 men invaded Goguryeo and attacked the fortress of Pyongyang . 11th year . Goguryeo came to attack .
379 AD , spring , third month . An envoy was sent to the Jin court . This envoy went by sea and ran into a foul wind , and could not reach their destination and so returned . Summer , fourth month . It rained dirt for one day .
380 AD , There was a great pestilence . Summer , fifth month . There was a fissure in the earth that was five jang deep and three jang wide . After three days , it closed .
382 AD , spring . There was no rain until the sixth month . The people starved , to the point that some sold their children . The king sent public officials to give them grain .
384 AD , spring , second month . There were three halos around the sun . Inside the palace , the king struck a great drum . Summer , fourth month . The king died .
Death and succession
Geungusu died in 384 , after 10 years of reign . They were succeeded by their eldest son , Chimnyu of Baekje , who was Crown Prince of Baekje at the time .
Family
Father : Geunchogo of Baekje
Mother : Jin Hongran – from Jin clan .
Queen : Lady Ai of the Seosan Jin clan ( 아이부인 서산진씨 , 阿尒 ( 尓 ) 夫人 瑞山眞氏 ; r . 375– ? ) – daughter of Geungusu 's chief minister Jin Godo ( 진고도 , 眞高道 ) .
Buyeo Chimnyu ( 扶餘枕流 , ? –385 ) – 15th King of Baekje , Chimnyu of Baekje .
Buyeo Hwi ( 扶餘暉 , ? –392 ) – 16th King of Baekje , Jinsa of Baekje .
Popular culture
Portrayed by Park Geon-il in the 2010–2011 KBS1 TV series The King of Legend .
Portrayed in the 2017 KBS TV series Chronicles of Korea .
See also
List of monarchs of Korea
History of Korea
References
Content in this article was copied from Samguk Sagi Scroll 23 at the Shoki Wiki , which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 ( Unported ) ( CC-BY-SA 3.0 ) license .
384 deaths
Baekje rulers
4th-century monarchs in Asia
Year of birth unknown
4th-century Korean people
Sherlock Holmes and the Sussex Sea-Devils is a mystery novel by James Lovegrove . It is a Sherlock Holmes pastiche that involves H. P. Lovecraft 's Cthulhu Mythos . It is the third and final book in The Cthulhu Casebooks trilogy following Sherlock Holmes and the Shadwell Shadows and Sherlock Holmes and the Miskatonic Monstrosities .
Plot
Having retired to a farm near Eastbourne , Sherlock Holmes is forced back into action to investigate the death of their brother Mycroft . Detecting the hand of R'luhlloig , Holmes and Watson are drawn into a battle that leads to R'lyeh , the Pacific island dwelling place of Cthulhu .
Reception
The Guardian said `` Lovegrove is a grandmaster of the Sherlock Holmes homage , and no slouch when it comes to describing Lovecraftian horrors : Sherlock Holmes and the Sussex Sea-Devils is thoroughly compelling . '' Mark Yon of SFFWorld said `` Sherlock Holmes and the Sussex Sea-Devils is the culmination of this series and if you 've liked the previous two novels you 'll like this one . Overall , the series has been a pleasant surprise , and is recommended . '' Starburst called the series `` they are enjoyably suspenseful , with the mystery such as it is being played out with fervent , well-paced writing . '' and said of Sea-Devils `` Allow your mind to wander and you may well enjoy this novel for the fun story it is . '' Peter Meinertzhagen of Sublime Horror said `` The final book in James Lovegrove 's The Cthulhu Casebooks triptych of Holmes & Lovecraft mash-ups brings the series to a grand betentacled finale and leaves you wondering why the collision of these two worlds works so well ... It simply wishes to make you smile and , for that , it deserves a recommendation . '' Sam Tyler in SFBook Reviews wrote `` ... this is a very well written and entertaining novel that pays homage to the legacy of two great creations and embarrasses neither . ''
References
2018 British novels
Sherlock Holmes novels
Sherlock Holmes pastiches
Novels set in England
Crossover novels
This is a list of films which placed number-one at the box office in Australia during 2005 . Amounts are in Australian dollars . Also included are the positions at the box office other films opened at . Quite a number of these are films from the previous year due to normal Australian film distribution delays . The number a film opens at does not necessarily denote its highest placement at the box office , but is intended as an indication and a guide to what theatrically released films opened and when .
References
Urban Cinefile – Box Office
See also
List of Australian films – Australian films by year
2005 in film
2005
Australia
2005 in Australian cinema
Naina Ashwin Kumar , also known as Naina Wonderkid , is an Indian table tennis player . They were born in Hyderabad , the capital of the Indian state Andhra Pradesh , on 22 March 2000 .
Academic studies
Under an international General Certificate of Secondary Education , this ambidextrous young lady appeared for the Grade 10 exam at the age of eight . Completing the examination , conducted by the Cambridge International Examinations CIE Board , they became the youngest Asian girl to pass that level of testing . At the end of Ms. Kumar 's tenth year , they also completed Grades 11 and 12 from Andhra Pradesh Board of Intermediate Education . At age 12 , they had already begun their sophomore year toward a B.A . in Mass Communication at St. Mary 's College .
At age seven , they recorded a music album . The CD includes their singing Ramayana : The Epic .
They translated the Bhagavad Gita into English . Naina learned the basics of English , Hindi and their region 's primary language between 5 and 7 of age .
Table tennis
In Table Tennis , Naina Ashwin Kumar became a national champion , winning the bronze medal in the sub-junior girls category . Kumar achieved quarter-finalist status in the junior girls competition . In team events , Naina won gold in the under twelve , fourteen , and sixteen age brackets in 2010 . In Jammu and Kashmir they took first place in the sub-junior singles . They were awarded bronze in Bolpur and won the south zone title in Bangalore in 2012 . They also won the team bronze medal during the youth girls nationals competition . All of this makes them 'state topper ' in under twelve , fourteen , and sixteen age brackets . They were ranked number one in sub-junior girls for table tennis in India .
Outside of India , Naina participated in an international table tennis tournament , which was held in Austria , and achieved 6th seed . They represented India at a training camp in China . With that group , they participated in an Asian junior championship in New Delhi . They also played at the India Junior & Cadet Open in Dehradun and won team gold in cadets and bronze in the individuals competition .
References
External links
Child prodigy dreams of reaching the skies
Naina , an inborn talent with excellence
Living people
Indian female table tennis players
Sportswomen from Hyderabad , India
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Immunotherapy or biological therapy is the treatment of disease by activating or suppressing the immune system . Immunotherapies designed to elicit or amplify an immune response are classified as activation immunotherapies , while immunotherapies that reduce or suppress are classified as suppression immunotherapies . Immunotherapy is under preliminary research for its potential to treat various forms of cancer .
Cell-based immunotherapies are effective for some cancers . Immune effector cells such as lymphocytes , macrophages , dendritic cells , natural killer cells , and cytotoxic T lymphocytes work together to defend the body against cancer by targeting abnormal antigens expressed on the surface of tumor cells . Vaccine-induced immunity to COVID-19 relies mostly on an immunomodulatory T cell response .
Therapies such as granulocyte colony-stimulating factor ( G-CSF ) , interferons , imiquimod and cellular membrane fractions from bacteria are licensed for medical use . Others including IL-2 , IL-7 , IL-12 , various chemokines , synthetic cytosine phosphate-guanosine ( CpG ) oligodeoxynucleotides and glucans are involved in clinical and preclinical studies .
Immunomodulators
Immunomodulators are the active agents of immunotherapy . They are a diverse array of recombinant , synthetic , and natural preparations .
Activation immunotherapies
Cancer
Cancer treatment used to be focused on killing or removing cancer cells and tumours , with chemotherapy or surgery or radiation . These treatments can be very effective and in many cases are still used . In 2018 the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded to James P. Allison and Tasuku Honjo `` for their discovery of cancer therapy by inhibition of negative immune regulation . '' Cancer immunotherapy attempts to stimulate the immune system to destroy tumours . A variety of strategies are in use or are undergoing research and testing . Randomized controlled studies in different cancers resulting in significant increase in survival and disease free period have been reported and its efficacy is enhanced by 20–30 % when cell-based immunotherapy is combined with conventional treatment methods .
One of the oldest forms of cancer immunotherapy is the use of BCG vaccine , which was originally to vaccinate against tuberculosis and later was found to be useful in the treatment of bladder cancer . BCG immunotherapy induces both local and systemic immune responses . The mechanisms by which BCG immunotherapy mediates tumor immunity have been widely studied , but they are still not completely understood .
The use of monoclonal antibodies in cancer therapy was first introduced in 1997 with rituximab , an anti-CD20 antibody for treatment of B cell lymphoma . Since then several monoclonal antibodies have been approved for treatment of various haematological malignancies as well as for solid tumours .
The extraction of G-CSF lymphocytes from the blood and expanding in vitro against a tumour antigen before reinjecting the cells with appropriate stimulatory cytokines . The cells then destroy the tumour cells that express the antigen . Topical immunotherapy utilizes an immune enhancement cream ( imiquimod ) which produces interferon , causing the recipient 's killer T cells to destroy warts , actinic keratoses , basal cell cancer , vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia , squamous cell cancer , cutaneous lymphoma , and superficial malignant melanoma . Injection immunotherapy ( `` intralesional '' or `` intratumoural '' ) uses mumps , candida , the HPV vaccine or trichophytin antigen injections to treat warts ( HPV induced tumours ) .
Adoptive cell transfer has been tested on lung and other cancers , with the greatest success achieved in melanoma .
Dendritic cell-based pump-priming or vaccination
Dendritic cells ( DC ) can be stimulated to activate a cytotoxic response towards an antigen . Dendritic cells , a type of antigen-presenting cell , are harvested from the person needing the immunotherapy . These cells are then either pulsed with an antigen or tumour lysate or transfected with a viral vector , causing them to display the antigen . Upon transfusion into the person , these activated cells present the antigen to the effector lymphocytes ( CD4+ helper T cells , cytotoxic CD8+ T cells and B cells ) . This initiates a cytotoxic response against tumour cells expressing the antigen ( against which the adaptive response has now been primed ) . The first FDA-approved cell-based immunotherapy , the cancer vaccine Sipuleucel-T is one example of this approach . The Immune Response Corporation ( IRC ) developed this immunotherapy and licensed the technology to Dendreon , which obtained FDA clearance .
The current approaches for DC-based vaccination are mainly based on antigen loading on in vitro-generated DCs from monocytes or CD34+ cells , activating them with different TLR ligands , cytokine combinations , and injecting them back to the patients . The in vivo targeting approaches comprise administering specific cytokines ( e.g. , Flt3L , GM-CSF ) and targeting the DCs with antibodies to C-type lectin receptors or agonistic antibodies ( e.g. , anti-CD40 ) that are conjugated with antigen of interest . Future approach may target DC subsets based on their specifically expressed C-type lectin receptors or chemokine receptors . Another potential approach is the generation of genetically engineered DCs from induced pluripotent stem cells and use of neoantigen-loaded DCs for inducing better clinical outcome .
T-cell adoptive transfer
Adoptive cell transfer in vitro cultivates autologous , extracted T cells for later transfusion .
Alternatively , Genetically engineered T cells are created by harvesting T cells and then infecting the T cells with a retrovirus that contains a copy of a T cell receptor ( TCR ) gene that is specialised to recognise tumour antigens . The virus integrates the receptor into the T cells ' genome . The cells are expanded non-specifically and/or stimulated . The cells are then reinfused and produce an immune response against the tumour cells . The technique has been tested on refractory stage IV metastatic melanomas and advanced skin cancer . The first FDA-approved CAR-T drug , Kymriah , used this approach . To obtain the clinical and commercial supply of this CAR-T , Novartis purchased the manufacturing plant , the distribution system and hired the production team that produced Sipuleucel-T developed by Dendreon and the Immune Response Corporation .
Whether T cells are genetically engineered or not , before re-infusion , lympho-depletion of the recipient is required to eliminate regulatory T cells as well as unmodified , endogenous lymphocytes that compete with the transferred cells for homeostatic cytokines . Lymphodepletion may be achieved by myeloablative chemotherapy , to which total body irradiation may be added for greater effect . Transferred cells multiplied in vivo and persisted in peripheral blood in many people , sometimes representing levels of 75 % of all CD8+ T cells at 6–12 months after infusion . , clinical trials for metastatic melanoma were ongoing at multiple sites . Clinical responses to adoptive transfer of T cells were observed in patients with metastatic melanoma resistant to multiple immunotherapies .
Checkpoint inhibitors
Anti-PD-1/PD-L1 and anti-CTLA-4 antibodies are the two types of checkpoint inhibitors currently available to patients . The approval of anti-cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4 ( CTLA-4 ) and anti-programmed cell death protein 1 ( PD-1 ) antibodies for human use has already resulted in significant improvements in disease outcomes for various cancers .
Although these molecules were originally discovered as molecules playing a role in T cell activation or apoptosis , subsequent preclinical research showed their important role in the maintenance of peripheral immune tolerance .
Immune checkpoint inhibitors are approved to treat some patients with a variety of cancer types , including melanoma , breast cancer , bladder cancer , cervical cancer , colon cancer , head and neck cancer , or Hodgkin lymphoma .
These therapies have revolutionized cancer immunotherapy as they showed for the first time in many years of research in metastatic melanoma , which is considered one of the most immunogenic human cancers , an improvement in overall survival , with an increasing group of patients benefiting long-term from these treatments .
Immune enhancement therapy
Autologous immune enhancement therapy use a person 's own peripheral blood-derived natural killer cells , cytotoxic T lymphocytes , epithelial cells and other relevant immune cells are expanded in vitro and then re-infused . The therapy has been tested against Hepatitis C , Chronic fatigue syndrome and HHV6 infection .
Suppression immunotherapies
Immune suppression dampens an abnormal immune response in autoimmune diseases or reduces a normal immune response to prevent rejection of transplanted organs or cells .
Immunosuppressive drugs
Immunosuppressive drugs help manage organ transplantation and autoimmune disease . Immune responses depend on lymphocyte proliferation . Cytostatic drugs are immunosuppressive . Glucocorticoids are somewhat more specific inhibitors of lymphocyte activation , whereas inhibitors of immunophilins more specifically target T lymphocyte activation . Immunosuppressive antibodies target steps in the immune response . Other drugs modulate immune responses and can be used to induce immune regulation . It has been observed in a preclinical trial that regulation of the immune system by small immunosuppressive molecules such as vitamin D , Dexamethasone , and Curcumin administered under a low-dose regimen and subcutaneously , could be helpful in preventing or treating chronic inflammation .
Immune tolerance
The body naturally does not launch an immune system attack on its own tissues . Models generally identify CD4+ T-cells at the centre of the autoimmune response . Loss of T-cell tolerance then unleashes B-cells and other immune effector cells on to the target tissue . The ideal tolerogenic therapy would target the specific T-cell clones co-ordinating the autoimmune attack .
Immune tolerance therapies seek to reset the immune system so that the body stops mistakenly attacking its own organs or cells in autoimmune disease or accepts foreign tissue in organ transplantation . A recent therapeutic approach is the infusion of regulatory immune cells into transplant recipients . The transfer of regulatory immune cells has the potential to inhibit the activity of effector .
Creating immune tolerance reduces or eliminates the need for lifelong immunosuppression and attendant side effects . It has been tested on transplantations , rheumatoid arthritis , type 1 diabetes and other autoimmune disorders .
Allergies
Immunotherapy can also be used to treat allergies . While allergy treatments ( such as antihistamines or corticosteroids ) treat allergic symptoms , immunotherapy can reduce sensitivity to allergens , lessening its severity .
Immunotherapy may produce long-term benefits . Immunotherapy is partly effective in some people and ineffective in others , but it offers people with allergies a chance to reduce or stop their symptoms .
The therapy is indicated for people who are extremely allergic or who can not avoid specific allergens .
A promising approach to treat food allergies is the use of oral immunotherapy ( OIT ) . OIT consists in a gradual exposure to increasing amounts of allergen can lead to the majority of subjects tolerating doses of food sufficient to prevent reaction on accidental exposure . Dosages increase over time , as the person becomes desensitized . This technique has been tested on infants to prevent peanut allergies .
Helminthic therapies
Whipworm ova ( Trichuris suis ) and Hookworm ( Necator americanus ) have been tested for immunological diseases and allergies . Helminthic therapy has been investigated as a treatment for relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis Crohn 's , allergies and asthma . The mechanism of how the helminths modulate the immune response , is unknown . Hypothesized mechanisms include re-polarisation of the Th1 / Th2 response and modulation of dendritic cell function . The helminths down regulate the pro-inflammatory Th1 cytokines , Interleukin-12 ( IL-12 ) , Interferon-Gamma ( IFN-γ ) and Tumor Necrosis Factor-Alpha ( TNF-ά ) , while promoting the production of regulatory Th2 cytokines such as IL-10 , IL-4 , IL-5 and IL-13 .
Co-evolution with helminths has shaped some of the genes associated with Interleukin expression and immunological disorders , such Crohn 's , ulcerative colitis and celiac disease . Helminth 's relationship to humans as hosts should be classified as mutualistic or symbiotic .
See also
Biological response modifier
Sepsivac
Checkpoint inhibitor
Interleukin-2 immunotherapy
Immunostimulant
Microtransplantation
Photoimmunotherapy in vitro or in vivo
References
External links
International Society for Biological Therapy of Cancer
Cancer Research Institute Annual International Cancer Immunotherapy Symposia Series
The story behind immunotherapy 's innovative cellular voyage
Cancer immunotherapy
Virotherapy
The people 's science movement ( PSM ) aims to popularise science and scientific outlook among common people . Kerala Sasthra Sahithya Parishad , Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samiti , Assam Science Society , Bigyan Prachar Samithy ( Orissa ) , We the Sapiens and the India Peoples Science Network are some popular people 's science movements in India .
People 's science movements in India
Kerala Sasthra Sahithya Parishad
Pondicherry Science Forum
Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samiti
Tamil Nadu Science Forum
Jan Vignana Vedika
Delhi Science Forum
Assam Science Society
Tripura Science Forum
Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samiti Uttar Pradesh
Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samiti Haryana
Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samiti Odisha
Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samiti Utharkhand
We , the Sapiens
All India Peoples Science Network
References
`` Secularism and People 's Science Movement in India '' and `` Towards a People 's Science Movement '' from Economic and Political Weekly
`` People 's Science Movement '' from Science , technology , imperialism , and war
`` The People 's Science Movements '' from Knowing Nature
`` Science for social change ''
Scientific organisations based in India
Social movements in India
Science in society
Stina Svensson ( born 1970 ) is a Swedish politician , and since March 2011 spokesperson of the Feminist Initiative party , serving together with Gudrun Schyman and Sissela Nordling Blanco .
Biography
Born in Linköping , they have had a number of occupations , working , among other things , as a student assistant , assisting lighting technician , metal lather , and tour technician for Gothenburg City Theatre . Svensson lives in Gothenburg , and has a bachelor 's degree in pedagogy , specializing on public health .
Chosen as spokesperson of the feminist political party Feminist Initiative in March 2011 , they are a candidate for the Riksdag in the September 2014 general election . They have also been active in LGBTQ issues .
References
Living people
1970 births
Feminist Initiative ( Sweden ) politicians
Leaders of political parties in Sweden
People from Linköping
Georg Friedrich Schnittspahn ( 3 January 1810 , in Darmstadt – 22 December 1865 , in Darmstadt ) was a German botanist . They were the son of Hofgärtner ( court gardener ) Johann August Schnittspahn ( 1763-1842 ) .
They were trained as a gardener in Darmstadt , and by way of a scholarship from Louis I , Grand Duke of Hesse , they visited the Jardin des Plantes in Paris in 1829 . From 1831 to 1838 they taught classes in botany at the agricultural establishment of Heinrich Wilhelm von Pabst in Kranichstein . Beginning in 1841 they served as inspector at the botanical garden in Darmstadt , where in 1855 they were appointed director .
In 1841 they became a full-time instructor of botany and zoology at the Höhere Gewerbschule ( vocational school ) in Darmstadt . In 1845 they were cofounder of the Naturhistorischen Vereins für das Grossherzogthum Hessen ( Natural History Society of the Grand Duchy of Hesse ) .
In 1842 Carl Heinrich 'Bipontinus ' Schultz named the genus Schnittspahnia in their honor .
Selected writings
Flora der Gefässe-Pflanzen des Grossherzogthums Hessen : ein Taschenbuch für botanische Excursionen ( 3rd edition , 1853 ) – Vascular plants of the Grand Duchy of Hesse : a paperback for botanical excursions .
Nachweis der Abbildungen der Obstarten aus der deutschen , belgischen , holländischen und theilweise französischen pomologischen Literatur , 1863 – Pictures of fruit species from German , Belgian , Dutch and French ( partially ) pomological literature .
Neue semperviven ( with Carl Bernhard Lehmann , 1863 ) – New Sempervivum .
References
1810 births
1865 deaths
Scientists from Darmstadt
19th-century German botanists
Pomologists
Leonid Hambro ( June 26 , 1920 – October 23 , 2006 ) was an American concert pianist and composer .
Life
Hambro was born in Chicago , the son of immigrant Lithuanian Jews ; their father was a pianist accompanying silent films .
They studied at the Juilliard School , and won First Prize at the National Naumburg Competition in 1946 . They were the musical sidekick of pianist and humorist Victor Borge for ten years , from 1961 to 1970 , and occasionally performed with Borge throughout the remainder of Borge 's career . In 1970 they became the Head of the Piano Department of the California Institute of the Arts , in Santa Clarita , California , and Assistant Dean of the School of Music , holding these posts until 1992 .
Hambro was Artist in Residence of the Aspen Institute and the official pianist of radio WQXR , New York . They played with the P. D. Q. Bach performances and the Hoffnung Musical Spoof Concerts . They published with Jascha Zayde The Complete Pianist ( Ludlow Music Inc. , New York ) . They also composed the piano piece Happy Birthday Dear Ludwig , a set of five variations on `` Happy Birthday to You '' in the style of many famous Beethoven pieces such as Minuet in G , Sonata Pathétique , Moonlight Sonata , Für Elise , and the Fifth Symphony .
Hambro released two albums on Cook Records , currently operated by Smithsonian Folkways . They were entitled A Perspective of Beethoven-Pianoforte and Cook 's Tour of High Fidelity , and released in 1953 and 1965 , respectively . They also recorded `` Switched-On Gershwin '' , a duo album of Hambro 's classical piano , blended with the Moog synthesizer of Gershon Kingsley , for AVCO Records in 1970 . With Victor Borge Hambro played persiflages on well-known pianopieces like Chopins Minute Waltz .
On December 22 , 2003 , they entertained the members of the New York Atheists Inc. at their first annual NYC Atheists Solstice Dinner and Party at the Hunan 5th Avenue Restaurant . They claimed to have been born an atheist and to have never belonged to any congregation throughout their life . They died in New York City , aged 86 .
References
Obituary , Jewish Chronicle . January 19 , 2007 , p. 45 .
External links
Daily Telegraph obituary .
1920 births
2006 deaths
American classical pianists
American male classical pianists
American male composers
Jewish classical musicians
Jewish American atheists
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
20th-century classical pianists
Jewish classical pianists
20th-century American pianists
20th-century American composers
20th-century American male musicians
Juilliard School alumni
Doryopteris angelica is a rare fern species , known by the common name Kauai digit fern . It is endemic to Hawaii where only small populations are known .
The ferns grow on slopes in Hawaiian tropical rainforests habitat , and have been found only on the island of Kauai . It was federally listed as an endangered species in 2010 .
Taxonomy
Doryopteris angelica is closely related to Doryopteris decora , and was first described as a separate species in 1999 . It is now placed in the Cheilanthoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae .
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile for Doryopteris angelica ( Kauai digit fern )
Isotype : Doryopteris angelica
angelica
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Native ferns of Hawaii
Biota of Kauai
Plants described in 1999
Critically endangered flora of the United States
Urala ( ; ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet , Gunibsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 61 as of 2010 .
Geography
Urala is located 44 km northwest of Gunib ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road , on the Kunada River . Bolshoy Urala and Maly Urala are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Avars live there .
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
The 2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was a football match to determine the winners of the 2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup . The match was held at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California , on 2 February 2002 and was contested by the winners of the semi-finals , the United States and Costa Rica . This was the first Gold Cup Final that Costa Rica has reached , and the second ever from a Central American nation ; the first one was in 1991 when Honduras reached the final . The United States won 2–0 with goals from Josh Wolff and Jeff Agoos , sealing their second-ever Gold Cup victory .
Route to the final
Match
References
External links
Official website
Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
Costa Rica national football team matches
United States men 's national soccer team matches
Sports competitions in Pasadena , California
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
21st century in Pasadena , California
Kilmarnock Rugby Football Club is a Scottish rugby union club which was founded in 1868 , and is based in Kilmarnock , Ayrshire in west central Scotland . They play in . Often simply referred to as `` Killie '' , their ground is at Bellsland in Kilmarnock , and they were formerly based at Rugby Park ( hence its name ) .
One of the oldest rugby clubs in Scotland , Kilmarnock Football Club owes its existence to KRFC as an internal dispute about which football rules to adopt resulted in a breakaway in early 1869 by those who preferred to play Association Football .
History
When the Scottish National Leagues were introduced in 1973 , Killie were placed in the 3rd Division by the Scottish Rugby Union . The club won that season without loss . The following season saw Killie being runners-up in Division 2 , gaining promotion to the top league . They remained there until 1981 after which a period of promotion and relegation between the 1st and 2nd Divisions was the norm .
In 1978 , Killie achieved their highest league position by finishing 3rd in Division 1 . In 1986 , Killie were the only team to beat Hawick as they swept all aside to win the Championship .
Since the change in league structure to embrace professionalism , Killie have struggled to hold on to their better players and now languish in Division 1 of the West Regional League . It is also likely that Killie took part in the first floodlit rugby match at Rugby Park , now the home of Kilmarnock FC .
There is also a school of thought that South African team Transvaal , now the Golden Lions Super Rugby team , adopted the famous Kilmarnock strip of white top with red hoop as a Kilmarnock member , Alex Frew , captained them when they beat The British Isles touring team in 1903 . Frew was also a Scottish Internationalist while attending the University of Edinburgh .
Kilmarnock had a reputation in the 1960s and 1970s of producing top class seven-a-side teams who won many tournaments in west central Scotland . This form was sadly never taken into the Border 's Sevens Circuit in the 1970s and 1980s when Killie were a regular feature in all the most prestigious events .
More recent Kilmarnock 1st XV won promotion to RBS NATIONAL 1 for the first time in 20 years after a tough season in 2010–11 .
Kilmarnock 2nd XV also known as `` the Penguins '' have not lost a home game at Bellsland in five seasons . They won the league title 2011–12 having only lost one game away from home . This promotes them into National 2 , the second highest level available for 2nd XV teams in Scotland .
Kilmarnock 3rd XV more commonly known as the Killie Polar Bears have won three consecutive league titles 2008–09 , 2009–10 and 2010–11 while being managed by John Cairns and Ivor Frater . They have been promoted to the RBS RESERVE LEAGUE WEST POD B making them the only 3rd XV in the division .
Kilmarnock Sevens
The club run the Kilmarnock Sevens competition . The tournament began in 1933 .
Notable players
Kilmarnock players to have been capped for whilst at the club include hooker Andrew Ross and Bill Cuthbertson . Andrew toured with the British Lions in 1924 to South Africa while Bill was part of the 1984 Grand Slam winning team . Bill also played for Barbarian F.C . while at Killie . Other players of note to have played for Killie include ;
John ( Can ) Cairns
Alex Frew
Niven Rose
Hugh McHardy
Ian Blake
Derek Stark
John Robertson
Derek Martin
Brian Gilbert
Gavin Angus
Hugh Hamilton
Stewart Porter
Scott Grant
Hugh Parker
Dougie Smith
David Gray
Iain Coull
Bill Cuthbertson
David Gibson , John Stewart and their brother Andrew Stewart all played for Scottish Colleges and Universities . Andrew Stewart was also captain of the Scottish under 18 Team ; Andrew , who is now resident in New Zealand , and a professor of Sports Science , has also been involved with the fitness regime of the All Blacks .
Honours
Kilmarnock Sevens
Champions : 1938 , 1946 , 1951 , 1956 , 1957 , 1960 , 1962 , 1966 , 1971 , 1972 , 1974 , 1996
Ardrossan Sevens
Champions : 1956 , 1957 , 1958 , 1959 , 1971 , 1972 , 1995 , 1997
Irvine Sevens
Champions : 1984 , 1985
Arran Sevens
Champions : 1984 , 2022
Hillhead HSFP Sevens
Champions : 1974 , 1975 , 1983
Glasgow University Sevens
Champions : 1945 , 1975 , 1981 , 1983 , 1990 , 1991
Clarkston Sevens
Champions : 1971 , 1972 , 1974 , 1975 , 1978 , 1980
Cumnock Sevens
Champions : 1972 , 1974 , 1975
Hillhead Jordanhill Sevens
Champions : 1990
Wigtownshire Sevens
Champions : 1958 , 1965 , 1985
Glasgow Academicals Sevens
Champions : 1972 , 1977
Allan Glen 's Sevens
Champions : 1980 , 1981 , 1983
Ayr Sevens
Champions : 1939 , 1957 , 1960 , 1975 , 1979 , 1980 , 1983 , 1985 , 1989
Stirling Sevens
Champions : 1960 , 1975
Greenock Sevens
Champions : 1958 , 1971 , 1974 , 1975 ,
Dumfries Sevens
Champions ( 1 ) : 2006
Paisley Sevens
Champions ( 1 ) : 2012
Bibliography
Massie , Allan A Portrait of Scottish Rugby ( Polygon , Edinburgh ; )
References
Scottish rugby union teams
Sport in Kilmarnock
Rugby union in East Ayrshire
Calauit Island is an island of the Calamian Archipelago , just off the north-western coast of Busuanga Island . It is part of the municipality of Busuanga in the province of Palawan , Philippines . The entire island was declared as a wildlife sanctuary and game preserve in 1977 , now is a tourist attraction known as Calauit Safari Park .
The wild animals were imported from Africa in the 1970s . The imported animals include 20 giraffes , dozens of zebra and antelopes . Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos forced the locals to move to Halsey Island and ordered to clear the bamboo forests to make the place similar to the savannahs of Kenya . An estimated 254 families , mostly from the indigenous Tagbanwa tribes , were evicted and relocated to the former leper colony of Halsey Island .
Today , the African animals continue to roam around the island and the number of animals is increasing . The animals have been inbreeding for four generations and may die off from the lack of diversity in their gene pool .
Displacement of indigenous peoples
In the 1970s , several families , including those from the indigenous Tagbanwa peoples , were evicted from Calauit Island to make way for the wild animals imported from Africa . A United Nations report on human and indigenous rights noted how Tagbanwa families suffered relocation under stress and duress after the Marcos decree turned their ancestral lands into a sanctuary for African animals .
The families were resettled on barren land , where the families often went hungry . For decades , the families struggled to return to what the Tagbanwa 's consider their ancestral home . Tagbanwa families would build homes , which would be demolished by Philippine soldiers . Soldiers also barricaded water sources and built fences to keep out the indigenous community . In 2001 , members of the Tagbanwa community were jailed for trying to resettle on the island .
After Marcos was deposed in a peaceful revolution , the Balik Calauit Movement was organized to help families reclaim their ancestral land . The movement also helps the indigenous communities demand their human rights .
See also
List of protected areas of the Philippines
References
External links
Calauit Island | A Piece of Africa
Calamian Islands
José Carlos dos Anjos Sávio , better known as Zé Carlos ( Criciúma , September 9 , 1985 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Metropolitano .
Career
The goalkeeper was revealed in the basic categories of Crickhowell . They made their debut as a starter in March 2004 in the game against Camboriuense where the Crickhowell won 3-0 . Over time they played for Criciúma , Ze Carlos scored three goals , one of which was what helped the team winning the title of the Series C do Brasileiro 2006 . Also participated in the Brazil national under-17 football team in 2003 .
In 2009 , they were hired by Avai , but was loaned to the dispute of Paraná to Brazilian Serie B . At the end of their participation in the Paraná team was announced as a reinforcement of Avaí for the 2010 season .
On 12 May 2011 , they left Brazilian Série A side Avai and joined their former club Paraná in the Série B on free transfer to play as a regular starter .
Career statistics
( Correct )
List of goals scored
Following , is the list with the goals scored by Zé Carlos :
Honours
Criciúma
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C : 2006
Campeonato Catarinense : 2005
Avaí
Campeonato Catarinense : 2010
References
External links
Avaí
goal
ogol.com
soccerway
Sambafoot
WebSoccerClub
1985 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Criciúma Esporte Clube players
Avaí FC players
Paraná Clube players
Paysandu Sport Club players
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
People from Criciúma
Association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Santa Catarina ( state )
Amblin ' is a 1968 American short film written and directed by Steven Spielberg . It was Spielberg 's first completed film shot on 35 mm . The film is a short love story set during the hippy era of the late 1960s about a young man and woman who meet in the desert , attempt to hitchhike , become friends , then lovers , make their way to a beach , and part ways . It later became the namesake for Spielberg 's production company , Amblin Entertainment .
Plot
A young man carrying a closely guarded guitar case meets a free-spirited young woman while hitchhiking across the Mojave Desert , they befriend him , then they haul both of their luggage , they play an olive pit spitting game , they share a cannabis joint , they become their lover , and they accept various rides , en route to a Pacific coast beach . At the beach the man runs , fully clothed , into the surf , and splashes about , while the woman with daisies in their hair , hesitatingly opens their guitar case and lays out its contents : a tie , wingtip shoes , Thrifty Drugs mouthwash , a paperback of Arthur C. Clarke 's The City and the Stars , a white shirt , Right Guard spray deodorant , a suit , a roll of toilet paper , white crew socks , Phillips ' Milk of Magnesia , and toothpaste . The woman smiles in bemusement , perhaps sensing that their companion was not the free-spirit that they assumed that they are . They frown in sad disappointment and climbs back up the beach stairs without him .
There is no spoken dialogue in the film aside from the lyrics to the opening and closing theme song . There is an ambient soundtrack featuring bird sounds , wind , passing car noises , popping noises made by the characters , fire sounds , and laughter , along with instrumental music .
Casting
Spielberg found their lead actor Richard Levin working as a librarian in the Beverly Hills Public Library . For the mysterious redhead in the film , Spielberg discovered Pamela McMyler from the Academy Players directory . They had previously been a member of the Pasadena Playhouse and had a small role in The Boston Strangler .
Steven Spielberg as writer and director
Amblin '' ' became a reality after Spielberg was introduced to aspiring producer Denis C. Hoffman . The movie had a $ 15,000 budget . In 1968 , their friend Hoffman provided financing of approximately $ 10,000 . At the time , Hoffman had no experience in producing , writing or developing motion picture projects . At Hoffman 's request , the music of October Country , a band they were managing at the time , was used for the film .
In exchange for the financing provided by Hoffman , Hoffman exacted from Spielberg the young filmmaker 's agreement to ( a ) direct Amblin for no compensation whatsoever and ( b ) be bound for ten years to direct any script selected by Hoffman if such a script was brought to Spielberg by Hoffman . For this second film , Spielberg was to receive the payment of $ 25,000 plus 5 % of the profits after expenses ( the so-called `` 1968 Amblin Contract '' ) .
Production
Amblin '' ' started shooting on July 6 , 1968 , at Denis Hoffman 's Cinefx soundstage . The filming commenced with a complicated tracking shot following a trail of matches leading to a bonfire shot in the studio in order that cinematographer Allen Daviau could control the lighting . After Cinefx and the filming of the final sequence outside Jack Palance 's beach house in Malibu , the crew moved on to various desert locations around Pearblossom , California , for the remaining eight days of filming . On rough terrain and under a punishing 105-degree sun , many of Spielberg 's unpaid crew left before the shoot was completed . Spielberg confessed to one crew member that they had vomited every day before they went to the set . Anne Spielberg ( Steven 's sister ) who wrote Big also worked with them on this first effort which started their career and won them their contract at Universal .
Jerry Lewis taught a film directing class at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles for a number of years ; their students included Spielberg . In 1968 , they screened Amblin and told their students , `` That 's what filmmaking is all about . '' In their 1971 book , The Total Film-Maker , Lewis says , `` [ The film ] rocked me back . [ Spielberg ] displayed an amazing knowledge of film-making as well as creative talent . ''
Release and impacts
Opening on December 18 , 1968 , at Loews Crest Theater in Los Angeles , Amblin ' shared a double bill with Otto Preminger 's Skidoo . Amblin ' won several film festival awards including a showing at the Atlanta film Festival in 1969 .
This movie , only 26 minutes long , led to Spielberg becoming the youngest director ever to be signed to a long-term deal with a major Hollywood studio ( Universal ) after Sid Sheinberg , then the vice-president of production for Universal Television saw the film . Spielberg was signed to a 7-year contract with Universal Television .
See also
List of American films of 1968
References
Freer , Ian : The Complete Spielberg , Virgin Books , 2001 .
External links
1968 short films
1968 films
American romance films
American short films
Films directed by Steven Spielberg
Films with screenplays by Steven Spielberg
Films without speech
1960s American films
The 2010–11 Championnat de France amateur 2 was the 13th edition since its establishment . The reserves of Metz were the defending champions . Due to the elongated appeals process involving each clubs ' eligibility , the groups and fixtures were unveiled to the public on 15 July 2010 and the season began on 21 August and ended on 4 June 2011 . There were 22 promoted teams from the regional leagues of the Division d'Honneur , replacing the 22 teams that were relegated from the Championnat de France amateur 2 following the 2009–10 season . A total of 130 teams competed in the league with 22 clubs suffering relegation to the sixth division , the Division d'Honneur . All non-reserve clubs that secured league status for the season were subject to approval by the DNCG before becoming eligible to participate .
Changes in 2010–11
Promotion and relegation
Teams relegated to Championnat de France amateur 2
Balma
Bordeaux B
Calais
Dunkerque
Grenoble B
Hyères
Le Pontet
Mantes
Marck
Montceau Bourgogne
Montluçon
Montpellier B
Oissel
Pontivy
Quimper
Racing Paris
Strasbourg B
Toulouse Fontaines
Teams promoted to Championnat de France amateur 2
Bagnols Pont
Bonchamp
Borgo
Brive
Chambly
Chartres
Dinan-Léhon
Forbach
Grand-Synthe
Granville
Jura Dolois
La Châtaigneraie
Lannion
Le Puy
Lormont
Paris B
Prix-lès-Mézières
Revel
Saint Marcel
Sablé-sur-Sarthe
Schiltigheim
Toulon-Le Las
Vierzon
DNCG rulings
On 15 June 2010 , following a study of each club 's administrative and financial accounts in the Championnat de France amateur , the DNCG ruled that Besançon RC , Hyères FC , CS Louhans-Cuiseaux , FC Montceau Bourgogne , EDS Montluçon , Olympique Noisy-le-Sec , and RCF Paris would be relegated to the Championnat de France amateur 2 . The organization also ruled that newly promoted club Calais RUFC would be excluded from ascending to the fourth division , while SO Cassis Carnoux , which had been relegated from the Championnat National , would also be excluded from the league . The second place club in Calais ' group , CMS Oissel , who was set to replace Calais was also denied promotion to the Championnat de France amateur . All clubs had the option to appeal the decision .
On 7 July , Besançon , Hyères , and Oissel 's appeals were heard by the DNCG Appeals Committee and , following deliberation and explanations from each club , the committee ruled in favor of Besançon , but upheld the appeals of Hyères and Oissel . The following day , the appeals committee granted both Louhans-Cuiseaux and Noisy-le-Sec appeals to stay in the fourth division . The committee , however , upheld the rulings of Calais , Montceau Bourgogne , Montluçon , and Racing Paris .
League tables
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Notes
Administratively relegated to the league by the DNCG .
References
External links
CFA Official Page
CFA 2 Standings and Statistics
Championnat National 3 seasons
5
France
Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam , also known as DHBVN is an Indian state-owned power distribution utility company . It is owned by Government of Haryana and its headquarter is located in Hisar city of Haryana , India . It has two Operation Zones namely Hisar and Delhi . Each zone is headed by Chief Engineer . Both Zones have Operation circles namely Hisar , Sirsa , Fatehabad , Jind and Bhiwani in Hisar Zone and Gurugram-I , Gurgugram-II , Faridabad , Palwal , Rewari and Narnaul in Delhi Zone . Each circle is headed by Superintending Engineer .
History
In 1998 , Haryana State Electricity Board was divided into two parts , namely , Haryana Power Generation Corporation ( HPGCL ) and Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam ( HVPNL ) . On 1 July 1999 , HVPNL was further divided into two parts , namely , Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam ( UHBVN ) and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam ( DHBVN ) . DHBVN is responsible for distribution of power in South Haryana whether UHBVN is responsible for distribution of power in North Haryana .
Jurisdiction
DHBVN is responsible for distribution of power in the following 12 districts of Haryana :
Bhiwani
Faridabad
Fatehabad
Gurgaon
Hisar
Mewat
Mahendragarh
Rewari
Sirsa
Jind
Charkhi Dadri
Palwal
See also
Divisions of Haryana
References
External links
Official website of DHBVN
e-payment link of DHBVN
Official portal of Government of Haryana
HarSamadhan Haryana Govt 's online Complaints portal
Energy in Haryana
Government agencies established in 1999
State agencies of Haryana
Electric power distribution network operators in India
State electricity agencies of India
1999 establishments in Haryana
Sadepani is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10729 living in 1537 individual households .
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
The Alter Botanischer Garten Tübingen ( English : The Old Botanic Garden ) is the former botanical garden of the University of Tübingen , now a municipal park . It is located at Am Stadtgraben 9 , Tübingen , Baden-Württemberg , Germany , and open daily without charge .
History
The garden traces back to 1535 when medicinal plants were first grown by Leonhart Fuchs ( 1501-1566 ) beside the Nonnenhaus ( House of the Nuns ) , which still exists . In 1663 a Hortus medicus was created by direction of Eberhard III , Duke of Württemberg ( 1614–74 ) , with university gardener appointed in 1666 . In 1681 Georg Balthasar Metzger ( 1623-1687 ) was named director , followed in 1688 by Rudolph Jacob Camerarius ( 1655-1721 ) . The first greenhouse was completed in 1744 , and noted botanist Johann Georg Gmelin ( 1709-1755 ) appointed director in 1751 .
In 1804 a new garden was established by decree of King Frederick of Württemberg ( 1754-1816 ) under the leadership of Professor Carl Friedrich Kielmeyer ( 1765-1844 ) , which grew and flourished throughout the first half of the nineteenth century . By 1809 it contained four greenhouses and a lecture hall , with its first seed catalog published in 1820 , and from 1818-1825 its plants were reorganized according to the system of Antoine Laurent de Jussieu . In 1846 a substantial institute building was completed and by 1859 the garden cultivated 5,226 species . In 1866 the garden 's final expansion was made with the purchase of adjacent private land . In 1878 Wilhelm Pfeffer ( 1845-1920 ) became director , who inaugurated a sizable palm house in 1886 . Beginning in 1888 , the garden was reorganized to the Eichler system .
In 1969 , the university established a new botanical garden , the Botanischer Garten der Universität Tübingen . The old garden was then converted to today 's municipal park .
See also
Botanischer Garten der Universität Tübingen
D. T. Macdougal : Botanic Gardens II . Tübingen and its Botanists
List of botanical gardens in Germany
External links
Botanischer Garten der Universität Tübingen - history
Stuttgart-Tourist entry
Qype entry
Botanical gardens in Germany
Gardens in Baden-Württemberg
Geography of Tübingen
Tourist attractions in Tübingen
R B Holle ( Rajaram B. Holle ) ( born 9 June 1973 ) is an Indian contemporary painter . They are awarded Pollock-Krasner Foundation Grant , New York in 2012 , National Award in Lalit Kala Akademi by Govt . Of India in 2012 .
Holle was born in 1973 , in remote village , Kasari , Pune in the western Indian state of Maharashtra . They received their art diploma from the Abhinav Kala Mahavidyalaya , Pune in 1999 ( 1st in State-Received a Gold Medal ) .
Solo exhibitions
2019 FEI Art Museum Yokohama , Japan .
2018 MIIT Museo , Turin , Italy organized by Pundole Art Gallery .
2017 Carrion Gallery , Venice , Italy .
2017 Kokonton Gallery , Venice , Italy .
2012 Jehangir Art Gallery , Mumbai , organized by Pundole Art Gallery .
2010 Pundole Art Gallery , Mumbai .
2008 Troubadour art Gallery , London .
2004 Apparao Galleries , Chennai .
2003 W.F . Art Gallery , New York .
Collections
Lalit Kala Akademi , New Delhi .
Pundole Art Gallery , Mumbai .
Indo-American Art Council , New York .
Hutheesing Visual Art Centre , Ahmedabad .
Apparao Galleries , Chennai .
Atasi Art , Pune .
MIIT Museo , Turin , Italy .
Awards
2018 The Tata Trusts Travel Grant , India .
2012 Pollock-Krasner Foundation Grant , New York .
2012 National Award , Lalit Kala Academy , Govt of India .
2006 Junior Fellowship , Cultural Dep. , Govt . of India .
2001 ‘ National Scholarship ' , Lalit Kala Academy New Delhi .
1999 Gold Medal , Maharashtra State .
Major works
Pundole Art Gallery , Mumbai .
Lalit Kala Academy , Govt of India .
Apparao Gallery , Chennai .
References
External links
http : //www.pkf-imagecollection.org/artist/R.B._Holle/works/
https : //www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-features/tp-metroplus/inspired-by-nature/article28200208.ece
https : //www.nettam.jp/bbs/detail.php ? no=22054
https : //www.share-art.jp/event/views/275746
https : //rental-gallery.jp/exhibition/39238/
https : //loco.yahoo.co.jp/event/3a4f1ae95c3d99b8b267c94f77fe7edd54834e2f/
http : //www.artgene.net/detail.php ? EID=29923
1973 births
Living people
Indian contemporary painters
Yosef Baratz ( , born 8 May 1890 , died 14 December 1968 ) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician .
Biography
Born in Coșnița , a village in Kherson Governorate in the Russian Empire ( today in the Dubăsari District of Moldova ) , Baratz was educated at a heder and joined the Young Zion movement in Chișinău . They immigrated to Ottoman-controlled Palestine in 1906 , and worked in agriculture in Petah Tikva and Rehovot , and as a stone cutter in Jerusalem , Tel Aviv , Atlit and Zikhron Ya'akov . In 1920 , Baratz was also amongst the early members of Degania Alef , the first kibbutz .
Baratz was also sent abroad as an emissary , to Russia in 1919 , the United States in 1921 and Austria in 1934 . They became a member of the central committee of the Haganah , and was also a member of the Assembly of Representatives .
In 1949 , they were elected to the first Knesset on the Mapai list , but lost their seat in the 1951 elections . They died in 1968 at the age of 78 .
References
External links
1890 births
1968 deaths
People from Dubăsari District
People from Tiraspolsky Uyezd
Moldovan Jews
Jews from the Russian Empire
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the Ottoman Empire
Jews in Ottoman Palestine
Jews in Mandatory Palestine
Israeli people of Moldovan-Jewish descent
Mapai politicians
Members of the Assembly of Representatives ( Mandatory Palestine )
Members of the 1st Knesset ( 1949–1951 )
Haganah members
The McMinnville and Manchester Railroad Company was chartered by an Act of the legislature of the State of Tennessee on February 4 , 1850 . Under this charter , the railroad company built a line of railroad from McMinnville , Tennessee . southwesterly through Manchester , Tennessee . to Tullahoma , Tennessee , where it connected with the railroad line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad Company .
The McMinnville and Manchester company opened of gauge railroad between McMinnville and Tullahoma in November 1856 . In the absence of any contract with the original owner that differed with the franchises granted by law , the railroad was entitled to a right-of-way extended on either side of the center of the railroad line .
American Civil War
The McMinnville and Manchester Railroad line was leased to and operated by the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad for five years from January 1 , 1857 . During the American Civil War , in early 1862 , the railroad came under Union Army control . In August 1862 , the area through which the line was located came under Confederate States Army control for almost a year before it was reoccupied by Union forces .
Because of its strategic location in southeastern Tennessee , about north of Chattanooga , Tennessee , and its connection with the important Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad , the McMinnville and Manchester line and equipment was fought over , used and damaged by both Union and Confederate armies .
In late August 1862 , Confederate General Braxton Bragg began the Confederate Heartland Offensive , which culminated in the Battle of Perryville , Kentucky , on October 8 , 1862 . Bragg intended to recruit troops and support in Kentucky and to divert the Union Army 's attention from Chattanooga and Vicksburg , Mississippi . Union Major General Don Carlos Buell 's army was in control of most of southeastern Tennessee . Buell decided to deploy their force to stop Bragg from marching on Nashville , Tennessee . Union Major General George H. Thomas held McMinnville with two divisions . Three other divisions were to the south at Altamont , Tennessee , where they could maneuver to concentrate at various points to block Bragg 's routes to Nashville , although the terrain was rugged . Thomas thought that the army should concentrate at McMinnville , in part because the railroad provided a line of supply and in part because it would be easy for Bragg to bypass Altamont , which they did after a successful diversionary attack there by Confederate Colonel Joseph Wheeler 's cavalry . After Buell decided to withdraw all of their forces to Murfreesboro , Tennessee and then to Nashville to protect against Bragg 's offensive , they had to race north with their army when they realized Bragg 's actual objective was Kentucky . After the Battle of Perryville , as Bragg discovered that few recruits and little support had been found for the Confederate cause in Kentucky , they withdrew to Murfreesboro in the face of growing Union forces and extended .
After the Battle of Stones River , or Murfreesboro , on December 31 , 1862 , and January 2 , 1863 , where Bragg faced a new Union commander , Major General William Rosecrans , Bragg retreated a short distance but still was located astride the main railroad about from Nashville on the line to Chattanooga . For six months Rosecrans rebuilt their army and supplies before finally launching the Tullahoma Campaign which drove the Confederates back to Chattanooga through skillful maneuvers and with only 540 casualties . Union forces were back in control of most of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and its two connecting lines , the McMinnville and Manchester to the northeast from Tullahoma and the Winchester and Alabama Railroad to the southwest from Decherd , Tennessee , a few miles south of Tullahoma . Rosecrans established bases at McMinnville , Manchester and Winchester , Tennessee
Post-war financial problems
After the American Civil War , the McMinnville and Manchester Railroad property was placed in the hands of a receiver appointed by the State of Tennessee .
Because the McMinnville and Manchester Railroad failed to pay interest on state bonds given in aid of its construction , the State of Tennessee foreclosed on its lien , or statutory mortgage , in 1871 . A decree was entered in the state chancery court in Nashville , Tennessee , on April 7 , 1871 , which ordered the sale of the McMinnville and Manchester Railroad , its franchises and property . Because of uncertainty about whether the state could enforce the lien before the maturity date of the bonds , the railroad was given the right to purchase the road for a fair minimum price of $ 300,000 . The court entered a decree on September 30 , 1871 , stating that the railroad had been sold to itself .
The McMinnville and Manchester Railroad Company never complied with the terms of sale . On June 28 , 1875 , another decree was entered by the court confirming the sale of the McMinnville and Manchester Railroad and the Winchester and Alabama Railroad to the Memphis and Charleston Railroad Company . On July 10 , 1875 , the Memphis and Charleston Railroad took title to the McMinnville and Manchester Railroad .
Acquisition by the Nashville , Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway
On July 28 , 1877 , the Memphis and Charleston Railroad Company sold the McMinnville and Manchester Railroad and the Winchester and Alabama Railroad to the Nashville , Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway Company , which had been formed in 1872 through the consolidation of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad Company and the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad Company . The McMinnville and Manchester Railroad line became the McMinnville branch of the Nashville , Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway .
The Nashville , Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway Company extended the McMinnville Branch line from McMinnville , Tennessee to Sparta , Tennessee , which it had the right to do under the McMinnville and Manchester Railroad Company charter and the charter of the Southwestern Railroad Company ( Tennessee ) , which the Nashville , Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway Company also had acquired .
The Southwestern Railroad Company also had defaulted on the state bonds issued in aid of its construction and the chancery court at Nashville , Tennessee entered a decree against it on June 8 , 1871 , and on July 6 , 1871 , the railroad was ordered sold . As with the McMinnville and Manchester , the railroad , franchises and property of the Southwestern Railroad were sold to the company itself , which subsequently sold them to the Nashville , Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway Company . The Nashville , Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway Company built the extension of the McMinnville Branch line from McMinnville , Tennessee , to Sparta , Tennessee . After the Nashville , Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway Company completed the extension of the McMinnville line , the McMinnville Branch extended from Tullahoma , Tennessee , to Doyle , Tennessee .
The Nashville , Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway later further extended the line to the Kentucky state line after it acquired the property and franchises of the Bon Air Railway Company on December 3 , 1887 .
See also
Confederate railroads in the American Civil War
Notes
References
Alexander , Edwin P. Civil War Railroads & Models . New York : The Fairfax Press , 1989 . Originally published New York : C. N. Potter , 1977. .
DeBow , James Dunwoody Brownson . Legal history of the Entire System of Nashville , Chattanooga & St. Louis Ry . and Possessions . Nashville , TN : Press of Marshall & Bruce Co. , 1900. . Retrieved June 22 , 2015 .
Hess , Earl J . Banners to the Breeze : The Kentucky Campaign , Corinth , and Stones River . Lincoln , NE : University of Nebraska Press , 2000. .
Poor , Henry V. Manual of Railroads of the United States , 1868-1869 . New York : H.V . & H.W . Poor , 1868 .
Poor , Henry V. Railroad Manual of the United States , 1878 New York : H.V . & H.W . Poor , 1878 .
Poor , Henry V. Poor 's Manual of Railroads of the United States , 1885 . New York : H.V . & H.W . Poor , 1885. .
Stow , F. H. The Capitalist 's Guide and Railway Annual for 1859 . New York , Samuel T. Callahan , 1859. .
Woodworth , Steven E. Six Armies in Tennessee : The Chickamauga and Chattanooga Campaigns
Defunct Tennessee railroads
Predecessors of the Nashville , Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway
Railway companies established in 1856
Railway companies disestablished in 1877
5 ft gauge railways in the United States
`` Hello Goodbye '' is a song recorded by American country music artist Tyler Farr . It was released in August 2012 as the second single from their debut album , Redneck Crazy . Farr wrote the song with Kris Bergsnes and Skip Black . The track garnered similar success as the previous single `` Hot Mess '' , peaking at numbers 47 and 52 on the Billboard Country Airplay and Hot Country Songs charts , respectively . A music video , directed by Darrin Dickerson , was created for the single .
Critical reception
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country gave the song four and a half stars out of five , saying that `` While the story is painful ( yet satisfying ) , it 's Farr 's voice that really surprises . Despite a gruff exterior , he 's proving to be a more than capable crooner . '' In 2017 , Billboard placed `` Hello Goodbye '' at number one on their top 10 list of Farr 's best songs .
Music video
The music video was directed by Darrin Dickerson and premiered in October 2012 .
Chart performance
References
2012 singles
2012 songs
Tyler Farr songs
Columbia Nashville Records singles
Country ballads
Song recordings produced by Julian King ( recording engineer )
Songs written by Tyler Farr
James `` Jimmy '' Woo ( Woo Yen Jet ) is a fictional secret agent appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . Created by EC Comics writer Al Feldstein and artist Joe Maneely , the Chinese-American character first appeared in Yellow Claw # 1 ( October 1956 ) from Atlas Comics , the 1950s predecessor of Marvel . Woo has since appeared occasionally in a variety of Marvel publications .
The character has made minor appearances in animated media and video games . Additionally , they appear in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Ant-Man and the Wasp ( 2018 ) and Disney+ series WandaVision ( 2021 ) , portrayed by Randall Park .
Publication history
Jimmy Woo was the hero of the espionage series Yellow Claw , named for their antagonist , a `` yellow peril '' Communist mandarin . While the short-lived series named after that villain ran only four issues ( October 1956 – April 1957 ) , it featured art by Maneely , Jack Kirby , and John Severin .
Kirby took over as writer-artist with issue # 2—inking their own pencil art there and in the following issue , representing two of the very rare occasions on which they did so . On the final issue , the inking was done by Western- and war-comics veteran Severin . Also , other artists drew the covers : Severin on # 2 and # 4 , Bill Everett on # 3 .
Well regarded for its relatively mature storyline with a rare Asian fictional hero for the period and in particular for Maneely 's exquisitely atmospheric art , the book nevertheless failed to find an audience . Woo and other characters from the series were brought into the Marvel universe a decade later , beginning with the `` S.H.I.E.L.D . '' story in Strange Tales # 160 ( Sept. 1967 ) . Woo joins that espionage agency in Nick Fury , Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D . # 2 ( July 1968 ) .
Woo went on to be featured in the 1977–1979 Marvel series Godzilla and the 2006–07 Marvel series Agents of Atlas . Before the cancellation of the 1990s alternate universe Marvel imprint Razorline , as produced but unpublished titles of its various series were preparing to blend the Razorline into primary Marvel continuity , Woo as well as Nick Fury and other S.H.I.E.L.D . agents guest-starred in Wraitheart # 5 .
Woo starred as the leader of a team of S.H.I.E.L.D . operatives code-named Agents of Atlas , in the 2006–2007 series of that name .
Fictional character biography
James Woo is an Asian-American FBI agent assigned primarily to investigate and apprehend the Chinese-national mandarin known as the Yellow Claw , a Fu Manchu manqué ( author Sax Rohmer had a Fu Manchu novel titled The Yellow Claw ) . The Yellow Claw , who attempts world domination , claimed in the 2000s comics that their American rubric is a mistransliteration of the Chinese characters for `` Golden Claw '' . Complicating matters , the Claw 's grandniece , Suwan , was in love with Woo in the 1950s series .
In retcon stories , Woo is the FBI agent assigned in 1958 to oversee the 1950s superhero team the Avengers , a short-lived predecessor of the later , more established team of that name .
As a S.H.I.E.L.D . agent , Woo went on to join its `` Godzilla Squad '' to hunt down the giant monster Godzilla ( the character from the long-running series of films from the Japanese movie studio Toho ) . This unit , led by Dum Dum Dugan , employed such weapons as a giant robot called Red Ronin ( for which Woo was shortlisted as a pilot candidate ) , and was headquartered in a smaller version of the S.H.I.E.L.D . Helicarrier , known as the Behemoth .
Woo was temporarily replaced by a Life Model Decoy ( a form of artificial human utilized by S.H.I.E.L.D . ) of the self-aware , renegade `` Deltan '' class , and went through five such bodies before dying with other repentant LMDs . Woo reemerged from stasis , along with other high-ranking officers that had been taken and replaced .
In 2006–2007 stories , Woo attempted a secret raid of a group identified as The Atlas Foundation . Going AWOL and taking several other willing agents with him , they infiltrated an Atlas Foundation location , resulting in all the recruits being killed . Woo was critically burned and lost higher brain function . The former 1950s Avenger Gorilla-Man , by now also a S.H.I.E.L.D . agent , gave the organization a classified record of the 1950s team , of which S.H.I.E.L.D . had no prior knowledge . Gorilla-Man rescues Woo with the aid of fellow 1950s teammates M-11 and Marvel Boy , who restores Woo to their 1958 self .
With their teammates they follow the Atlas Foundation around the world , restoring Namora to life , and eventually confronting the Yellow Claw , who reveals that the whole ordeal was only a test . As Woo passed it , the Yellow Claw commits suicide , ending their long life and placing Woo as head of the Atlas Foundation . Woo later surfaces in New York , where they and Spider-Man shut down a rebellious cell of the Atlas Foundation . Later , Woo becomes head of the Pan-Asian School for the Unusually Gifted , a Mumbai , India-based school for Asian teenagers with superhuman abilities . Sanjar Javeed is a teacher there .
Woo appears alongside the Asian-American superheroes The Hulk ( Amadeus Cho ) , Ms. Marvel , Shang-Chi , and Silk and SHIELD agent Jake Oh , at a charity event attacked by an alien army . Dubbing their group the Protectors , Woo rallies the heroes and bystanders into defeating their captors . During the War of the Realms , Woo recruits most of the Protectors and several other Asian and Pacific superheroes into the Atlas Foundation as the New Agents of Atlas . Afterward , Woo resumes their duties as the head of the Atlas Foundation and installs Brawn as leader of the New Agents . They also team with Blue Marvel and Night Thrasher to form a new iteration of the Three Xs . During an attack by the undersea kingdom Atlantis led by Namor against the portal-city of Pan , Woo introduces the original and new Agents of Atlas to each other .
Reception
Jeff Yang , curator of the `` Marvels & Monsters : Unmasking Asian Images in U.S. Comics , 1942–1986 '' exhibit at the Japanese American National Museum , called Jimmy Woo a `` positive exception '' to the `` largely negative '' depiction of Asians and Asian-Americans in comics at time when `` the view of Asians was shaped by racist , xenophobic wartime propaganda . ''
Other versions
Ultimate Marvel
In the Ultimate Marvel universe , Jimmy Woo is an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. , partnered with Sharon Carter . They were introduced in Ultimate Spider-Man # 16 , in which they and Carter are trying to capture Doctor Octopus .
In other media
Television
Jimmy Woo appears in The Avengers : Earth 's Mightiest Heroes animated series , voiced by Nolan North .
Marvel Cinematic Universe
Jimmy Woo appears in live-action media set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , portrayed by Randall Park . This version 's full name is James E. Woo , works as an FBI agent , and hails from Bakersfield , California . Additionally , they are more comical than their comic book incarnation .
Introduced in the film Ant-Man and the Wasp ( 2018 ) , Woo monitors Scott Lang while the latter is on house arrest . Despite showing some animosity towards Lang , Woo appears to want to be sociably friendly with him .
In the miniseries WandaVision ( 2021 ) , which takes place in 2023 , Woo became involved in a missing persons ' case at Westview , New Jersey and works with S.W.O.R.D . as a federal liaison when the town 's population disappeared under mysterious circumstances . Collaborating with S.W.O.R.D . agent Monica Rambeau and astrophysicist Dr. Darcy Lewis , they discover that Wanda Maximoff had taken over the town via a hex . After he , Rambeau , and Lewis attempt to stop acting S.W.O.R.D . Director Tyler Hayward from attacking Maximoff , Hayward removes them from the investigation , but they go rogue to stop them and help Maximoff . After Maximoff removes the hex , Woo and the FBI take over the investigation .
Video games
Jimmy Woo appears in Marvel Heroes , voiced by James Sie .
Jimmy Woo appears in Marvel 's Avengers , voiced by Aleks Le .
See also
List of S.H.I.E.L.D . members
References
External links
Don Markstein 's Toonopedia : The Yellow Claw
Jess Nevins ' `` A Guide to Marvel 's Pre-FF # 1 Heroes : Jimmy Woo
Comic Book Resources ( June 12 , 2006 ) : `` Agents Of Atlas Agent Profile : Woo , Jimmy Woo '' , by Dave Richards
The Unofficial Handbook of Marvel Comics Creators
Marvel Directory : Yellow Claw
Atlas Tales
The Grand Comics Database
Comic Book Resources – Parker Talks `` Agents Of Atlas ''
Index to the Marvel Comics Universe : Jimmy Woo LMD ( Deltan )
Characters created by Al Feldstein
Characters created by Joe Maneely
Comics characters introduced in 1956
Fictional Chinese American people
Fictional Federal Bureau of Investigation personnel
Fictional special forces personnel
Male characters in comics
Marvel Comics martial artists
Marvel Comics superheroes
S.H.I.E.L.D . agents
R-12 regional road ( ) ( previously known as R-20 regional road ) is a Montenegrin roadway .
It serves as the best road connection to Petnjica Municipality and can be used as alternative to highway .
History
In January 2016 , the Ministry of Transport and Maritime Affairs published bylaw on categorisation of state roads . With new categorisation , R-20 regional road was renamed as R-12 regional road .
Major intersections
References
R-12
Maureen Flanagan , born in 1941 and best known by their stage name Flanagan , was an early tabloid model .
They were encouraged to take up a career in modelling by photographer Don McCullin , who took their first modelling shots . They had an acting career in the late 1960s and early 1970s , mainly in bit parts on The Benny Hill Show , Monty Python 's Flying Circus , and several British sex comedies . They also played the lead role in the Danish film The Loves of Cynthia ( a.k.a . Cynthia 's Sister ) in 1971 .
After their acting career ended , Flanagan remained in the public eye , owing to their association with the Kray Twins and their efforts to secure their release . Them involvement with the Kray family went back to their time as hairdresser for the twins ' mother Violet . They also wrote the book Intimate Secrets of an Escort Girl ( Everest books , 1974 ) . The book was serialized in the magazine Tit-Bits , accompanied by a blurb which said “ Britain 's most photographed model lays bare the facts of their working life in the sauciest story of the year. ” Them memoir , One of the Family , was published in 2015 .
In 1997 , Flanagan made a one-off return to nude modeling as a mature woman , posing fully nude in the magazine Men 's World . In the accompanying interview they said their second husband had recently died after a heart transplant operation , and that they were busy raising a 16-year-old son .
Acting roles
Monty Python 's Flying Circus ( TV , 1969 , 1970 )
Groupie Girl ( 1970 )
The Love Pill ( 1971 )
The Loves of Cynthia ( 1971 )
The Love Box ( 1972 )
Dracula AD 1972 ( 1972 )
The Benny Hill Show ( TV , 1972 )
Zodiac ( TV , 1974 )
On the Game ( 1974 )
Magazine covers
King ( 1972 ) Issue 2
Rex ( 1971 ) Vol.1 Issue . 29 “ Sex and the Single Actress ”
Titbits ( October 1974 ) Issue . 4625 `` Flanagan 's Secrets of an Escort Girl ''
References
1941 births
Living people
Page 3 girls
{ { DISPLAYTITLE : Muscarinic acetylcholine receptor M2 } }
The muscarinic acetylcholine receptor M2 , also known as the cholinergic receptor , muscarinic 2 , is a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor that in humans is encoded by the CHRM2 gene . Multiple alternatively spliced transcript variants have been described for this gene .
Function
Heart
The M2 muscarinic receptors are located in the heart , where they act to slow the heart rate down to normal sinus rhythm after negative stimulatory actions of the parasympathetic nervous system , by slowing the speed of depolarization . They also reduce contractile forces of the atrial cardiac muscle , and reduce conduction velocity of the atrioventricular node ( AV node ) . However , they have little effect on the contractile forces of the ventricular muscle , slightly decreasing force .
IQ
A Dutch family study found that there is `` a highly significant association '' between the CHRM2 gene and intelligence as measured by the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-Revised . A similar association was found independently in the Minnesota Twin and Family Study .
However , a larger 2009 study attempting to replicate this claim instead found no significant association between the CHRM2 gene and intelligence .
Olfactory behavior
Mediating olfactory guided behaviors ( e.g . odor discrimination , aggression , mating ) .
Mechanism of action
M2 muscarinic receptors act via a Gi type receptor , which causes a decrease in cAMP in the cell , generally leading to inhibitory-type effects . They appear to serve as autoreceptors .
In addition , they modulate muscarinic potassium channels . In the heart , this contributes to a decreased heart rate . They do so by the Gαi subunit of the G protein ; Gαi opens K+ channels in the membrane of the cardiac myocytes , which causes an outward current of potassium , effectively hyperpolarizing the membrane , which slows down the heart rate .
Ligands
Few highly selective M2 agonists are available at present , although there are several non-selective muscarinic agonists that stimulate M2 , and a number of selective M2 antagonists are available .
Agonists
( 2S,2 ' R,3'S,5 ' R ) -1-methyl-2- ( 2-methyl-1,3-oxathiolan-5-yl ) pyrrolidine 3-sulfoxide methyl iodide ( selective for M2 but only partial agonist )
Berberine
Iper-8-Naph ( alias N-8-Iper , bitopic/dualsteric agonist )
Methacholine
PAI ( photoswitchable agonist )
Antagonists
AFDX-384
Atropine
Chlorpromazine
Dicycloverine
Dimenhydrinate
Dimethindene
Diphenhydramine
Gallamine
Hyoscyamine
Ipratropium
Methoctramine
Otenzepad
Oxybutynin
Thorazine
Tolterodine
Trimipramine
See also
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptor
References
Further reading
External links
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors
The Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education Normal Level ( N-Level ) examination is a national examination held annually in Singapore . It is taken after four years in the Normal ( Academic ) or Normal ( Technical ) stream . For subjects examined in English and foreign languages , the examining authority are the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate . For localised language subjects , the examining authority is the Ministry of Education ( MOE ) .
The Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education Normal Level examination is sub-categorized into Normal ( Academic ) Level ( N ( A ) Level ) and Normal ( Technical ) Level ( N ( T ) Level ) , catering to candidates under the Normal ( Academic ) ( abbreviated as N ( A ) ) and Normal ( Technical ) ( abbreviated as N ( T ) ) streams respectively .
Singapore-Cambridge GCE Normal ( Academic ) Level
The General Certificate of Education Normal ( Academic ) Level or the GCE N ( A ) Levels examinations are taken by Secondary 4 students in the Normal ( Academic ) stream normally in September and October of the year . Students would normally receive their results by the mid to end of December in the same year they sat for the examinations and their grades are reflected as per the grading system below . Most Normal ( Academic ) students are offered at least 5 subjects , but may range to as many as 6 or 7 depending on the electives they take on and the school they are in . Mandatory subjects for Normal ( Academic ) students include English Language , Mathematics ( Syllabus A ) , Mother Tongue Language , Combined Sciences and Combined Humanities . Although most students are encouraged to take Mother Tongue as a mandatory subject , some students may still choose to be exempt from Mother Tongue depending on varying circumstances , although the margin of exempted students are relatively minimal .
Subjects offered at the Normal ( Academic ) Level
Subjects that are highlighted in bold are mandatory subjects for students in the Normal ( Academic ) stream in most secondary schools .
Grading
A student 's total grade for the GCE N ( A ) Levels examinations are calculated using this equation : EMB3 . This equation is short for the combined total grades of the student 's English Language , Mathematics and Best 3 subjects grades to form a totality . This total grade of EMB3 can be used to determine which courses in higher education the student may pursue after leaving secondary school , although some may still choose to remain in their secondary schools to continue onto Secondary 5 ( Normal ) and sit for the GCE Ordinary Levels examinations .
Normal ( Academic ) students may be offered GCE O Level subjects depending on the school they are in . Depending on their academic grades reflected from Secondary 1 , a student may be considered eligible for taking on GCE O Level subjects as long as they meet the Minimum Entry Requirements for the particular subject . Currently , only English Language , Mother Tongue Languages and Mathematics may be taken by Normal ( Academic ) students at the higher GCE O Level standard . Students are normally required to have at least a grade B3 ( 65 and above ) in their Secondary 1 or 2 years to be offered the GCE O Level subject .
Grade Conversion from the GCE O Level to N Level
Courses for N ( A ) students after N ( A ) Levels
There are five types of education pathways a Normal ( Academic ) student may pursue after secondary education . These include the Polytechnic Foundation Programme ( PFP ) , Direct-Entry to Polytechnic Programme ( DPP ) , Early Admission Exercise ( EAE-ITE ) , Institute of Technical Education Nitec Course and progression to Secondary 5 Normal .
Polytechnic Foundation Programme ( PFP )
Polytechnic Foundation Programme ( PFP ) is a programme that is for Secondary 4N ( A ) students . It was implemented in 2012 by the Ministry of Education ( MOE ) . It is to provide more pathways to the tertiary education for the Secondary 4 N ( A ) students instead of going Secondary 5N to take the O-Level . To be eligible , a student must get at least a Grade 3 for the ELMAB3 subjects , getting no more than 12 points ( excluding CCA points ) and expected to be the top 10 % cohort in the whole cohort of Singapore . This programme will only commence estimated during the month of April . Students are expected to pass all modules to advance to Year-One of Polytechnic to take their diploma .
Singapore-Cambridge GCE Normal ( Technical ) Level
The GCE N ( T ) Level-Normal Technical Level , are taken by Normal Technical students after four years of secondary school education . This will eventually lead them to the ITE or Institute of Technical Education . Alternatively , if they performed well enough in Secondary One , they may be laterally transferred to the Secondary 2 N ( A ) -Normal Academic stream . However , if they have not been laterally transferred in Sec 2 N ( T ) level , but did exceptionally well when taking Sec 4 GCE N ( T ) Level , they can be laterally transferred to Sec 4 N ( A ) level in the event they achieved the criteria of ELMAB1 and later on , they can continue studying in Sec 4 N ( A ) . Students may also opt to read a maximum of 3 subjects at the N ( A ) level . The curriculum is geared towards strengthening students ' proficiency in English and Mathematics . Students take English Language , Mathematics , Basic Mother Tongue , and Computer Applications as compulsory subjects . The aggregate used for the GCE N ( T ) Level is ELMAB1 ( English , Math , and 1 best subject ) . The grades are as following :
Grading
A : 70 % and above
B : 65 % to 69 %
C : 60 % to 64 %
D : 50 % to 59 %
U : Below 49 % ungraded , or failed < < < Will not be shown on the Certificate of Secondary Education .
The N ( T ) -level can be considered a rough analogue of the Certificate of Secondary Education , examined in the UK in the era of the Tripartite System . Schools are not split into technical , secondary modern , or grammar , as they were in Britain , but rather follow the comprehensive system used in Britain today . However , there exists 1 'technical school ' , or specialised N ( T ) school .
See also
Secondary education in Singapore
Singapore-Cambridge GCE Ordinary Level
Singapore-Cambridge GCE Advanced Level
References
Education in Singapore
Rauenberg is a town in the district of Rhein-Neckar-Kreis , in Baden-Württemberg , Germany . It is situated 15 km south of Heidelberg .
References
Rhein-Neckar-Kreis
Baltasar Elisio de Medinilla ( 28 June 1585 – 30 August 1620 ) was a Spanish poet and friend of the playwright Lope de Vega . They were born and died in Toledo .
Works
Poems
Limpia Concepción de la Virgen Nuestra Señora , Madrid 1617 , 2. ibd . 1618
Algunas obras divinas , manuscrito , BNM 3954
Descripción de Buenavista , manuscrito , 1 . BNM 3954 , 2 . BNM 4266
Prose
A la imperial ciudad de Toledo , 1618
A Lope de Vega Carpio en la muerte de Carlos Félix , su hijo , consolación , BNM , 4266
El Vega . De la Poética Española . Dialogo literario , BNM , 4266
A los aficionados a los escritos de Lope de Vega Carpio , prólogo de `` Jerusalén conquistada “ , Madrid , Juan de la Cuesta , 1609
Sources
Madroñal Durán , Abraham : Baltasar Elisio de Medinilla y la poesía Toledana de principios del Siglo XVII . Con la edición de sus `` Obras divinas '' , Vervuert , 1999 ,
16th-century Spanish poets
16th-century male writers
17th-century Spanish poets
1585 births
1620 deaths
People from Toledo , Spain
Cedric Prakash , ( born 3 November 1951 ) , is a Catholic priest and a member of the Society of Jesus ( Jesuits ) of Gujarat in India . They are currently based in the city of Ahmedabad , Gujarat in Western India . They are well known for their work on human rights , reconciliation , and peace activism , with a focus on advocacy . They are also a prolific writer on subjects related to social justice , peace , communal harmony , environment , contextual spirituality , and the Constitution of India . Their articles are regularly published in newspapers , magazines , and journals in India and abroad . They are also a visiting faculty in some colleges , universities , and seminaries in India , Europe , and the USA . Fr . Prakash speaks four languages - English , Gujarati , Hindi and French .
Life
Prakash was born on 3 November 1951 , to Cynthia Lobo and Conrad Lobo in Mumbai , India . They were the youngest of four children . Their father was an Engineer in a sister company of Siemens and their mother was a teacher at St. Joseph 's Convent , Umerkhadi , Mumbai . Prakash is a direct descendant of the well-known Mascarenhas family of Kankanady , Mangalore . Their great-grandfather Dr. Simon Mascarenhas was a reputed physician of the town . Their great-granduncle Msgr . Raymond Francis Camillus Mascarenhas ( today a Servant of God ) was the Vicar General of the Diocese of Mangalore and also the founder of the Congregation of the 'Sisters of the Little Flower of Bethany ' ( Bethany Sisters ) .
Prakash received their early education from Antonio D'souza High School ( ANZA ) , Mumbai , and completed their B.A . ( Hons . ) in Economics and Political Science from St. Xavier 's College , Mumbai in 1972 .
Work
After graduation , Prakash worked full-time as the National Programme Secretary of the India Catholic University Federation ( AICUF ) in Madras for one year . During that period they traveled the length and breadth of the country encouraging youth to serve the poor and marginalized through 'Project Know India ' .
For a year after that they were based in TAIZE , ( the Ecumenical Christian community ) France , as part of a 14-member intercontinental team ( equipe ) to help prepare the ‘ World Council of Youth ' of 1974 . They traveled to several European Countries for this preparatory process interacting and encouraging youth towards a more meaningful life in the service of others .
On 16 July 1974 , Prakash entered in Ahmedabad , the Jesuit Novitiate of the Gujarat province of the Society of Jesus . Two years later , on 31 July 1976 , they pronounced their First Vows ( of poverty , chastity and obedience ) in the Society of Jesus . From April 1977 to May 1979 , Prakash as a Jesuit scholastic , did their regency in the tribal area of Bhiloda , North Gujarat . Here they worked extensively in helping to improve literacy levels , health facilities , and the cultural upliftment of the Adivasis who lived in the area . In June 1979 , they began their Studies in Philosophy at the Sacred Heart College in Shembaganur ( Kodaikanal ) . The following year ( 1980 ) this College was shifted to its current location at Satya Nilayam in Chennai , from where Prakash obtained their degree in Philosophy . For one year , Prakash then served as a warden of a residential technical school for boys run by Jesuits in Sevasi , Baroda . From 1982 to 85 , Prakash did their studies in Theology . ; part of these studies was also held at Vidya Jyoti ( VJ ) , a Jesuit Theology Institute in Delhi . In the aftermath of the targeted violence against the Sikh community in November 1984 , Prakash was one of the coordinators from VJ for relief and rehabilitation work for the affected/displaced Sikhs ; they were also involved in reconciliation and peace work at that time .
On 27 April 1985 , Fr . Prakash was ordained a priest in St. Peter 's Church , Bandra , Mumbai by Bishop Ferdinand Fonseca , the Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Bombay .
In May 1985 , Prakash was appointed to work in the remote areas of Umarpada , South Gujarat among the Vasava and Chaudhary Adivasi communities . They worked here for the rights of the tribals and their socio-cultural empowerment . In April 1987 , Fr . Prakash was appointed the Director of St. Xavier 's Social Service Society ( SXSSS ) . In this capacity , together with a dedicated team they were involved in the inter-related areas of Innovative Education , Community Health , the Organization of people and on environmental issues . They also initiated the Centre for Orientation , Documentation and Research ( CORD ) and SHANTI , an initiative for inter-religious dialogue , communal harmony and peace . The activities of SXSSS were in the slums of Ahmedabad and in the rural areas of North and Central Gujarat . Prakash was for several years a Counterpart of the US-based Catholic Relief Services ( CRS ) for North and Central Gujarat .
In June 1992 , Fr . Prakash was one of the NGO delegates from India , at the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development ( UNCED ) , also known as the ‘ Earth Summit ' in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . In September 1994 , they participated in the International Conference on Population and Development ( ICPD ) in Cairo , Egypt . In June 1997 , Fr . Prakash participated in the European Ecumenical Assembly at Graz , Austria . In the wake of the devastating earthquake that hit several parts of Gujarat on 26 January 2001 ( and later ) Fr . Prakash coordinated an Earthquake Relief and Rehabilitation Service ( EARRS ) . The platform that brought together several concerned organizations and individuals worked towards the immediate relief and rehabilitation of those affected by the earthquake . Distribution of food and other materials were also undertaken . Fr Prakash was also responsible for receiving directly from the US Government and distributing a huge consignment of relief materials to the affected persons .
Activism and Organizational Leadership
On 2 October 2001 , Fr . Prakash founded ‘ Prashant ' the Ahmedabad-based Jesuit Centre for Human Rights , Justice and Peace and was the Director of this Centre till January 2016 . ‘ Prashant ' was also the Province Office for Integral Social Development ( POISD ) of the Gujarat Jesuits- dedicated to coordinate developmental , justice and peace works of the province . Fr . Prakash also served as the Secretary of Social Communications – C.B.C.I . ( Western Region ) , National Vice-President – Peoples ' Union for Human Rights ( PUHR ) .
For three years ( 2016-2018 ) , Fr . Prakash was based in Beirut , Lebanon in the Regional Office of the Jesuit Refugee Service ( Middle East and North Africa Region ) as the Regional Advocacy and Communications Officer/Advisor , working with refugees and Internally Displaced Persons ( IDPs ) in Syria , Jordan , Iraq , and Lebanon . In collaboration with St Joseph 's University , Beirut they headed and in September 2018 completed a path-breaking research study , ‘ Journeying Together ' , on the situation of the Syrian refugees in Lebanon .
Awards
In 1996 , Fr . Prakash was awarded The Anubhai Chimanlal Nagarika Puraskar by the Mayor of Ahmedabad for their contribution to the city of Ahmedabad , India . They were also conferred the Kabir Puraskar by the President of India for their work in the promotion of Communal Harmony and Peace in 1995 .In 2006 , Fr . Prakash was named Chevalier of the Legion of Honor , one of the highest French civilian awards , acknowledging their commitment to the defense and the promotion of human rights in India .
Fr . Prakash has also been awarded the Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Award presented for Humanitarian Work by the Indian Muslim Council , USA in 2003 . They also received the Fr . Parmananda Divarkar Award for Communication for Peace in January 2004 for promoting dialogue for peace and inter-community harmony . In 2006 , they received the Minorities Rights Award by the National Commission for Minorities of the Government of India .
The Marquette University in Wisconsin , USA honored them as the Wade Chair Scholar for the academic year 2009 – 2010 . Fr . Prakash was one of the recipients of Mother Teresa Awards for Social Justice in 2013 . On 1 December 2021 , Fr . Prakash was conferred the Fr . Louis Careno Award by the Indian Catholic Press Association ( ICPA ) in Mumbai for their courageous contribution to journalism and bold writings on socio-cultural and political issues , especially relating to Christian communalism and fundamentalism .
Fr . Prakash received the Lifetime Achievement Award from The Federation of Konkani Catholic Associations ( FKCA - a premier umbrella organization representing 33 Konkani Catholic Associations in India and overseas ) on 5 June 2022 for their work as a human rights and peace activist and their service to the marginalized communities in India .
Publications
In October 2018 , the Loyola Press Chicago published a brilliant coffee-table-style book ‘ Sharing the Wisdom of Time ' by Pope Francis and Friends . One of Fr . Prakash 's real-life stories is featured in it . Pope Francis has written a warm personal response in the book to Fr . Prakash 's testimony .
Gallery
References
1951 births
Living people
Activists from Karnataka
21st-century Indian Jesuits
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Mangaloreans
20th-century Indian Jesuits
Roșia de Amaradia is a commune in Gorj County , Oltenia , Romania . It is composed of seven villages : Becheni , Dealu Viei , Roșia de Amaradia , Ruget , Seciurile , Stejaru and Șitoaia .
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Mitteilungen des Instituts für Österreichische Geschichtsforschung is an Austrian academic journal established in 1880 by the Institut für Österreichische Geschichtsforschung ( Institute for Austrian historic research ) . Recent editors include Anton Scharer , Georg Scheibelreiter , and Andrea Sommerlechner .
Further reading
Stoy , Manfred . Das Österreichische Institut für Geschichtsforschung 1929-1945 . = Mitteilungen des Instituts für Österreichische Geschichtsforschung 50 . Oldenbourg , Munich 2007 , .
External links
Contents list for vols . 1 ( 1880 ) – 25 ( 1904 ) , by Stefan Dürr / Erlangen
Contents list for vols . 26 ( 1905 ) – 50 ( 1936 ) , by Edna Staudhammer / Erlangen .
Contents list for vols . 51 ( 1937 ) – 80 ( 1972 ) , by Stuart Jenks .
Contents list for vols . 81 ( 1973 ) – 111 ( 2003 ) , by Stuart Jenks .
Contents list for vols . 100 ( 1992 ) – 116 ( 2008 ) , or see the Oldenbourg Wissenschaftsverlag
Institut für Österreichische Geschichtsforschung
History journals
Biannual journals
Publications established in 1880
German-language journals
1880 establishments in Austria
Boulderwood is a historic private summer camp on the shore of Squam Lake in Holderness , New Hampshire . Located on Mooney Point , the camp was developed beginning in the 1920s by Elwyn G. Preston . Preston , whose family had summered in other camps located on the point , began purchasing land in 1922 , which included of shoreline , which was gradually expanded with other land purchases .
The camp was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2018 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grafton County , New Hampshire
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Houses in Grafton County , New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Grafton County , New Hampshire
Holderness , New Hampshire
Squam Lake
The 2003–04 Women 's National Cricket League season was the eighth season of the Women 's National Cricket League , the women 's domestic limited overs cricket competition in Australia . The tournament started on 22 November 2003 and finished on 2 February 2004 . New South Wales Breakers won the tournament for the seventh time after finishing second on the ladder at the conclusion of the group stage and beating defending champions Victorian Spirit by two games to one in the finals series .
Ladder
Fixtures
1st final
2nd final
3rd final
Statistics
Highest totals
Most runs
Most wickets
References
Women 's National Cricket League seasons
Women 's National Cricket League
Fancott is a hamlet located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire , England .
The settlement forms part of the Toddington civil parish , and is also close to Chalgrave and Chalton . `` The Fancott '' public house is situated in Fancott , and is the location of the Fancott Miniature Railway . At the 2011 Census the population of the hamlet was included in the civil parish of Chalgrave
References
Hamlets in Bedfordshire
Central Bedfordshire District
Thirty Girls is a 2014 novel by American writer Susan Minot . The novel alternates between the perspective of a girl kidnapped by the forces of Joseph Kony and an American woman reporting on the kidnapping .
Composition and writing
Minot began writing the book in 2005 , and they completed it in 2013 . The novel alternates between the perspectives of Jane , an American writer in writing about women kidnapped by the Lord 's Resistance Army , led by Joseph Kony and that of Esther Akello , a former kidnapping victim . Minot had previously written about victims of kidnapping in a McSweeney 's article titled `` This We Came to Know Afterward '' . They drew from their reporting while writing Thirty Girls .
Minot was impacted by the serious subject matter while writing , which they dealt with by writing short stories and compiling notes for other novels .
Reception
Critical reception
In its review of the novel , Kirkus Reviews praised the novel 's prose , but criticized the plot , writing : `` [ ... ] there is a secondhand feel to Esther 's story , which plays fiddle to Jane 's navel-gazing . ''
Honors
The novel was included on the list published by The Economist of the best books of 2014 .
References
2014 American novels
Novels set in the United States
Novels set in Uganda
Alfred A. Knopf books
Evald Thomsen ( 1913–1993 ) was a Danish fiddler and collector and promoter of Danish traditional music . Born in Siem by Skørping in Northern Jutland , Thomsen was taught fiddle from age 7 , and played to local dances already as a young boy . They began to collect tunes and instruments . They founded the Rebild Fiddlers , and the Rebild museum of Traditional music . In 1931 they moved to Funen where their wife was from , and they stayed there to 1942 when they went back home to Himmerland .
In 1971 they were made national When the Folk revival movement came to Denmark in the 1970'es they became an icon of the living tradition of Danish fiddle music , and they gained national fame , appearing in radio and television . In the 1960es they toured Denmark with a band composed of their son Hardy Thomsen ( violin ) , their brother Hilbert Thomsen ( bass ) , Hans Jørgen Christensen ( violin ) and Niels Vilhelm Hansen , ( guitar and vocals ) . They also traveled Europe playing in Norway , the Faroe Islands , iceland , Scotland , Finland and Greenland , and in 1976 they toured the US for a month .
Together with other players from the first half of the 20th century like Æ Tinuser and Frederik Iversen , their versions make up the main stock of Danish traditional music . They are considered by many to be the single most important fiddler and promoter of Danish traditional music in the 20th century .
References
1913 births
1993 deaths
Danish violinists
Male violinists
20th-century violinists
20th-century Danish male musicians
People from Rebild Municipality
This page is a list of High Sheriffs of Glamorgan . Sheriffs of Glamorgan served under and were answerable to the independent Lords of Glamorgan until that lordship was merged into the crown . This is in contrast to sheriffs of the English shires who were from the earliest times officers of the crown . Sheriffs in the modern sense , appointed and answerable to the crown , were instituted in the county of Glamorgan in 1541 .
On 1 April 1974 the shrievalty of Glamorgan was abolished and replaced by the High Sheriff of West Glamorgan , the High Sheriff of Mid Glamorgan and the High Sheriff of South Glamorgan .
List of Sheriffs
1122–1149 Sir Robert Norreis
1322 Sir Henry de Wylyngton Barony of Willington of Keir Kenny ( Carreg Cennen Castle )
1421 Sir John Stradling
16th century
17th century
18th century
19th Century
20th Century
References
List of Sheriffs
Glamorgan
Glamorgan
The Cadillac V-12 is a top-of-the-line car that was manufactured by Cadillac from the 1931 through the 1937 model years . All were furnished with custom bodies , and the car was built in relatively small numbers . A total of 10,903 were made in the seven model years that the automobile was built , with the majority having been constructed in its inaugural year . It was Cadillac 's first , and is to date , Cadillac 's only standard production V-12 powered car .
Origin
In the mid to late 1920s a number of luxury car manufacturers began work developing multicylinder engines . Not to be outdone , Cadillac began work on two different multicylinder engines , a V-12 and a V-16 . Larry Fisher , Cadillac General Manager , leaked to the press information about the V-12 , hoping to keep the V-16 a secret .
Owen Nacker , who designed the Cadillac V-16 engine , also designed the Cadillac V-12 engine , and it shared the tooling and many of the components of the V-16 . The V-12 was essentially a truncated V-16 , with a bore of 3.125 '' instead of 3 '' , and retaining the V-16 's 4 '' stroke , giving it a displacement of 368 cubic inches . It shared the V-16 's 45 degree bank angle. , rather than the 60-degree angle that would have been ideal . The V-12 was less powerful than the V-16 , generating 135 versus 175 horsepower . Both engines featured overhead valves in the first generation .
Series 370 ( 1931–1935 )
The 1931 Model 370A V-12 was introduced in October 1930 . A V-12 roadster was used as the pace car at the Indianapolis 500 . The Cadillac V-12 had a shorter wheelbase than the Cadillac V-16 , with a choice of or , compared to the V-16 's , but it offered a similar choice of Fisher and Fleetwood semi-custom bodies . It was difficult to tell a Cadillac V-12 from a Cadillac V-16 unless you were close enough to read the figure `` 12 '' mounted on the headlight tie bar , but the hood was four inches ( 102 mm ) shorter , and the headlights and horns smaller than a V-16 's . More significantly , the V-12 cost about $ 2,000 less for each bodystyle , starting at $ 3,795 ( $ in dollars ) . The Cadillac V-12 might have been lower in prestige than the Cadillac V-16 , but it joined a select group of 1930s cars with multicylinder engines , namely those manufactured by Auburn , Franklin , Hispano-Suiza , Horch , Lagonda , Maybach , Packard , Pierce-Arrow , Rolls-Royce , Tatra , Voisin , Walter , Marmon and Lincoln . Moreover , thanks to its lower price , it immediately outsold the Cadillac V-16 with 5,733 sold in the 1931 model year , versus a mere 363 for the V-16 .
The appearance of the 1932 Series 370B benefited from a radiator shell that flared on the top , more flaring fenders and curved running boards . Mechanical changes included a stiffer frame , and a Cuno self-cleaning oil filter mounted at the right hand side of the clutch housing . Dual Detroit Lubricator carburetors were used in place of the Cadillac/Johnson carburetors that had been standard equipment on Cadillacs for 20 years . Largely thanks to the deepening Great Depression sales plunged to 1740 units .
Styling changes to the 1933 Series 370C included a V-shaped grill that blended into the painted radiator shell , a radiator cap hidden under the hood , and skirts on the front and rear fenders for a more streamlined look . Fisher no-draft individually controlled vent windows were a new standard feature . Sales fell further to 953 cars .
The 1934 Series 370D was restyled yet again but this time was mounted on a completely new chassis . The radiator grill slanted rearward with a central bar and five horizontal sections , the windshield sloped even more rearward , headlights were enclosed in new teardrop housings mounted on streamlined supports , the horns joined the radiator cap under the hood , the spare tire was concealed under a new beaver tail deck on most models and the whole car sat approximately lower . Significant mechanical advancements included dual X-frame chassis construction , `` Knee-Action '' front coil spring suspension that greatly reduced unsprung weight and Hotchkiss steering . The 1935 Series 370E saw the addition of the Fisher Turret Top on Fisher bodied cars and an increase in horsepower to 150 . Sales over the two years combined totaled only 1098 .
Series 80/85 ( 1936–1937 )
The Cadillac V-12 was renamed the Series 80 and 85 in 1936 . The Series 80 and 85 featured a 131 '' and 138 '' wheelbase respectively . All V-12s were now Fleetwood bodied and had Turret Tops . A total of 901 V-12s were sold in 1936 .
In 1937 the Series 80 was dropped leaving only the long wheelbase Series 85 . The only significant mechanical changes were the adoption of an oil-bath air cleaner and a pressure radiator cap . Sales were only 478 . The Series 85 was discontinued at the end of 1937 .
Later developments
As part of the General Motors V-Future program , Cadillac had an overhead cam V-12 slated for production in the late 1960s . The program led to a fiberglass mockup of a V-12 powered Eldorado coupe that remained hidden from public view until an article appeared in Special Interest Autos in 1984 .
Reports of new V-12 developments reappeared in the late 1980s . Cadillac showed the fully working Cadillac Solitaire concept in 1989 , equipped with a Lotus-designed 6.6 liter DOHC 48-valve V-12 with multiport fuel injection .
A Northstar-based V-12 was featured in the Cadillac Cien concept car of 2001 , and tested by Cadillac engineers as an engine for a Cadillac Escalade with somewhat improved performance . An AutoWeek report in 2007 claimed a V-12 in the design phase was to be based on the High Feature V6 .
The Cadillac Sixteen concept utilized an all-aluminium pushrod V-16 engine based on the same architecture as GM 's then-current small-block V-8 developments . A production version with a base V-8 and the option of the V-12 engine was planned , but was never approved for production and was ultimately shelved around 2008 .
In popular culture
A Cadillac V-12 Model 370-A appears in the Star Trek episode `` A Piece of the Action '' .
References
External links
Yann Saunders and the Cadillac-LaSalle Club , Inc. ( 1996–2004 ) . The ( new ) Cadillac Database© : The Cadillac engine . Retrieved November 14 , 2011 from http : //cadillacdatabase.net/Dbas_txt/engines.htm .
Coupés
Convertibles
Sedans
V-12
Motor vehicles manufactured in the United States
Cars introduced in 1931
Full-size vehicles
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
The 2016 Orlando City SC season was the club 's sixth season of existence in Orlando , and second season in Major League Soccer , the top-flight league in the United States soccer league system .
Background
On July 15 , 2015 , Orlando City opened an additional 4,000 seats for sale to potential season ticket holders , bringing the total available season tickets to 18,000 . The extra allotment sold out on August 18 , 2015 . Season tickets are again sold out for the 2016 season .
On October 15 , 2015 , Orlando City announced that they would field an owned-and-operated team in the United Soccer League , Orlando City B . The team began play in the 2016 season at Eastern Florida State College 's Melbourne campus .
On January 13 , 2016 , Orlando City announced that they would play the entire 2016 season at Camping World Stadium . They had hoped to move into Orlando City Stadium in September but construction delays made that impossible . The team instead moved in 2017 .
Roster
Competitions
Friendlies
Major League Soccer
All times in regular season on Eastern Daylight Time ( UTC−04:00 ) except where otherwise noted .
It was announced on December 22 , 2015 , that , just like the 2015 season , Orlando City would open the campaign at home , this year against Real Salt Lake . The remainder of the schedule was released on January 7 , 2016 .
Results summary
Results
Standings
Eastern Conference table
Overall table
U.S. Open Cup
On May 21 , 2016 , Orlando City was drawn to face the winner of the third round match between Jacksonville Armada FC , and the winner of the second round match between The Villages SC and Charleston Battery . Although The Villages SC won the match on penalty shootout , they were subsequently disqualified for fielding an ineligible player . Jacksonville Armada ultimately won the third round matchup , setting up a match in Jacksonville against Orlando City , a rematch of their preseason match .
Squad statistics
Appearances
Starting appearances are listed first , followed by substitute appearances after the + symbol where applicable .
|-
! colspan=10 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center|Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=10 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center|Defenders
|-
! colspan=10 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center|Midfielders
|-
! colspan=10 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center|Forwards
|-
|colspan= '' 10 '' |Players away from the club on loan :
|-
|colspan= '' 10 '' |Players who appeared for the club but left during the season :
| }
Goalscorers
Shutouts
Player movement
Per Major League Soccer and club policies , terms of the deals do not get disclosed .
MLS SuperDraft picks
Draft picks are not automatically signed to the team roster . The 2016 draft was held on January 14 , 2016 . Orlando had four selections .
Transfers In
Loan in
Transfers out
Loan out
Notable Events
On April 26 , 2016 , Florida Citrus Sports announced that they had sold naming rights for the stadium to Camping World . Camping World would also be the presenting sponsor of the stadium 's college football kickoff series for at least its first four years , through 2019 .
Adrian Heath was sacked by Orlando City on July 7 , 2016 , following a 4–0 defeat against FC Dallas . Bobby Murphy was the interim head coach until the hiring of former NYCFC manager Jason Kreis on July 19 .
On October 2 , the Lions were mathematically eliminated from the playoffs with a 1–0 loss at Montreal .
The season ended on October 23 , in the final game at Camping World Stadium , with a 4–2 win against D.C. United .
Media
Any matches that are not featured in the MLS national television package on either ESPN2 , Fox Sports 1 or UniMás will air locally on WRDQ 27 . Jeff Radcliffe will call play-by-play , with Lewis Neal providing color commentary . They will also air pregame and postgame shows for each match , and a weekly highlight show . They are working on affiliate agreements to air matches out-of-market .
On the radio , matches will air on WTKS-FM `` Real Radio 104.1 '' in English , with Tom Traxler and Adam Schick providing the call . When City is on a nationally televised match , Jeff Radcliffe will call the match on WTKS with Tom Traxler . Matches will also air on WONQ `` La Grande 1030 '' in Spanish . The Spanish play-by-play announcer is Israel Herredia , with color commentary by Sergio Ruiz . The Spanish radio feed will be used as the SAP Spanish feed on Fox Sports Florida and Sun Sports .
Orlando City will black out matches not on the MLS national television package on MLS Live this season . Local fans will be unable to watch locally televised matches via live stream during the matches , though they will become available immediately upon completion .
See also
2016 in American soccer
2016 Major League Soccer season
References
2016 Major League Soccer season
2016
American soccer clubs 2016 season
2016 in sports in Florida
Riley County ( standard abbreviation : RL ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas . As of the 2020 census , the population was 71,959 . The largest city and county seat is Manhattan .
Riley County is home to two of Kansas 's largest employers : Fort Riley and Kansas State University .
History
Riley County , named for Mexican–American War general Bennet Riley , was on the western edge of the 33 original counties established by the Kansas Territorial Legislature in August 1855 . For organizational purposes , Riley County initially had attached to it Geary County and all land west of Riley County , across Kansas Territory into present-day Colorado .
The first Territorial Capital of Kansas Territory was located in the boundaries of Riley County , in the former town of Pawnee . The site now falls within the boundaries of Fort Riley , a U.S. Army post .
Manhattan was selected as county seat in contentious fashion . In late 1857 , an election was held to select the county seat , with Ogden prevailing . However , Manhattanites suspected election fraud , and were eventually able to prove that a number of votes were illegally cast . Sheriff David A. Butterfield was forced to secure the county 's books and records for Manhattan , and Manhattan was finally officially declared the county seat in 1858 .
On May 30 , 1879 , the `` Irving , Kansas Tornado '' began in Riley County . This tornado is estimated to have been an F4 on the Fujita scale , with a damage path wide and long . Eighteen people were killed and sixty were injured .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 2.0 % ) is water .
The eastern border of the county follows the former course of the Big Blue River . The river was dammed in the 1960s and Tuttle Creek Lake was created as a result . The county falls within the Flint Hills region of the state .
Adjacent counties
Marshall County ( northeast )
Pottawatomie County ( east )
Wabaunsee County ( southeast )
Geary County ( south )
Clay County ( west )
Washington County ( northwest )
Demographics
Riley County is part of the Manhattan , KS Metropolitan Statistical Area . Millennials ( ages 15–34 years old ) make up 53.6 % of the population of Riley County , one of the highest rates in the United States .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 62,843 people , 22,137 households , and 12,263 families residing in the county . The population density was 103 people per square mile ( 40/km2 ) . There were 23,397 housing units at an average density of 38 per square mile ( 15/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 84.78 % White , 6.88 % Black or African American , 0.63 % Native American , 3.22 % Asian , 0.17 % Pacific Islander , 1.89 % from other races , and 2.43 % from two or more races . 4.57 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 22,137 households , out of which 27.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.20 % were married couples living together , 6.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 44.60 % were non-families . 27.50 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 6.10 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.99 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 18.80 % under the age of 18 , 34.50 % from 18 to 24 , 25.90 % from 25 to 44 , 13.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 7.50 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 24 years . For every 100 females , there were 114.30 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 115.40 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 32,042 , and the median income for a family was $ 46,489 . Males had a median income of $ 26,856 versus $ 23,835 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,349 . About 8.50 % of families and 20.60 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 11.20 % of those under age 18 and 6.70 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Riley County is governed by three county commissioners , John Ford , Marvin Rodriguez , and Ron Wells .
Presidential elections
Owing to its history of Yankee anti-slavery settlement in “ Bleeding Kansas ” days , Riley County became strongly Republican following Kansas statehood , except when over half of its voters supported Progressive Theodore Roosevelt in 1912 who themselves was a Republican who had broken away from the party in that election cycle . Being relatively resistant to the Democratic populism of William Jennings Bryan , Woodrow Wilson and Franklin D. Roosevelt , Riley County stood as the westernmost of thirty-eight US counties to have never voted Democratic for President since the Civil War . However , it was the only one whose status as “ never Democratic ” stood significantly threatened in 2016 and 2020 : Hillary Clinton 's losing margin of only 3.5 percent was the second-closest any Democrat has come to claiming the county behind their husband in the divided 1992 election .
In the 2018 Gubernatorial Election in Kansas , Democratic candidate Laura Kelly won Riley County by a 24-point margin , and in the 2018 US House Election in KS-01 , Republican candidate Roger Marshall lost Riley County by a 2-point margin .
2020 became a historical election for Riley County , as , even though they lost the state , Joe Biden won the county 50.7 % to 46.1 % , the first Democratic presidential win in Riley County 's history .
In the 2022 anti-abortion constitutional amendment referendum preliminary results showed `` No '' leading by 36.8 % .
Riley County is the only county in Kansas without an elected sheriff ; the county police department handles all the Sheriff 's functions .
Laws
Riley County was a prohibition , or `` dry '' , county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement . The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 2004 .
The county voted `` No '' on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment , an anti-abortion ballot measure , by 68 % to 32 % , outpacing its support of Joe Biden during the 2020 presidential election .
Education
Colleges and universities
Kansas State University
Manhattan Christian College
Manhattan Area Technical College
Unified school districts
Riley County USD 378
Manhattan-Ogden USD 383
Blue Valley USD 384
Communities
Cities
Leonardville
Manhattan , also partly in Pottawatomie County
Ogden
Randolph
Riley
Unincorporated communities
Ashland
Bala
Keats
Rocky Ford
Zeandale
Ghost towns
Lasita
Walsburg
May Day
These former places were flooded when Tuttle Creek Lake was created in the 1950s and 1960s . Randolph was also flooded , but moved a mile west of its original location .
Cleburne
Garrison Cross
Stockdale
Winkler
Fort Riley
Located north of the junction of the Smoky Hill and Republican rivers in Geary County , Fort Riley Military Reservation covers in Geary and Riley counties . The fort has a daytime population of nearly 25,000 and includes a census-designated place :
Fort Riley ( formerly `` Fort Riley North '' )
Townships
Riley County is divided into fourteen townships . The city of Manhattan which is surrounded by Manhattan Township is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for Manhattan Township or any other townships . In the following table , the population center is the largest city ( or cities ) included in that township 's population total , if it is of a significant size .
Notable people
Among notable current and former residents of Riley County are former Governor John W. Carlin , General Glen Edgerton , millionaire miner Horace A. W. Tabor , NFL receiver Jordy Nelson .
See also
Pillsbury Crossing
National Register of Historic Places listings in Riley County , Kansas
References
Further reading
Handbook of Pottawatomie and Riley Counties , Kansas ; Modern Ago ; 20 pages ; 1880s .
Standard Atlas of Riley County , Kansas ; Geo . A. Ogle & Co ; 54 pages ; 1909 .
External links
County
Riley County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
The Irving , KS Tornado
Riley County Kansas AHGP
Maps
Riley County maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Riley County maps : ( historical Township and place maps )
Kansas highway maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas railroad maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Manhattan , Kansas metropolitan area
Boca Velázquez is a barrio in the municipality of Santa Isabel , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 2,705 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Boca Velázquez and Descalabrado barrios was 1,083 .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Santa Isabel , Puerto Rico
Peter Sanders is a British photographer . Their works focus on the Muslim community around the world , especially their traditional and spiritual aspects . With more than four decades of experience in photography , Sanders is one of the most renowned and respected Muslim photographers in the world .
Biography
Born in London , Sanders began their career in photography in the mid-1960s , where they often recorded the faces of well-known musicians including Bob Dylan , Jimi Hendrix , Jim Morrison and The Rolling Stones . In the 1970s , their attention shifted , which led them to the traditional and spiritual universe of Islam . They converted to Islam in 1971 . The same year , Sanders was given a unique opportunity to record the warmth of the world 's largest worship gathering in Mecca during the Hajj season . These pictures have appeared in major UK and European magazines such as The Sunday Times , The Observer and Paris Match . Sanders travelled around the world to meet and capture the images of saints and sages of Islam which they have later published in a book titled 'Meetings with Mountains ' .
Works
Meetings with Mountains : Encounters with the Saints and Sages of the Islamic World ( Inspiral Books , 2019 )
In the Shade of the Tree : A Photographic Journey Through the Muslim World ( Inspiral Books , 2007 )
The Art of Integration : Islam in Our Green and Pleasant Land ( Awakening Publications , 2008 )
References
Living people
Photographers from London
Converts to Islam
Year of birth missing ( living people )
British Muslims
The Standel Company is an American company that makes guitar amplifiers . It was founded in 1953 by Robert `` Bob '' Crooks in Temple City , California . Standel ( a portmanteau of standard and electronics ) was the name of Crooks ' side-business of radio and hi-fi repair , located in their garage at 10661 Freer Street , Temple City , California .
History
Origins
In 1952 , Bob Crooks was approached by inventor-musician Paul Bigsby , who advanced the engineer 75 dollars to build them a custom amplifier to go with the then famous Bigsby solid-bodied electric guitars and pedal steel guitars . It was the first Standel branded amplifier .
When designing the amplifier , Crooks played Les Paul 's recording of the song Lover through the amplifier several times as a reference to adjust the sound . However , the final result was inappropriate for amplifying a musical instrument . Paul Bigsby played through the amp with one of their steel guitars and thought it `` sounded terrible . '' Crooks noted the difference between building a guitar amplifier and building a standard hi-fi amplifier . As a result , Bigsby loaned Crooks a guitar so they could continue improving the amplifier .
Founding
For a time , Bigsby lost interest in the project—but Crooks kept working on their design . After several months , they came up with a design they were satisfied with . Its cabinet featured padded Naugahyde , aluminum guards around the cabinet , a lighted control panel , a JBL D-130 speaker , and independent bass and treble controls . Crooks 's amplifier was both visually and sonorously appealing . They used their shop 's name `` Standel '' as the amplifier 's brand . They called the model the 25L15 , because it had 25 watts of power and a Lansing 15-inch speaker . Bigsby eventually purchased a Standel 25L15 , # 1018 on April 10 , 1954 .
Ascent to popularity
Once satisfied with their design , Crooks started attending local concerts to spread the word about their amplifiers and get musicians to test them . The first one of these musicians was the late `` Speedy '' West . Crooks asked West , a steel guitarist to try out their amplifier at Cliffie Stone 's `` Hometown Jamboree '' show . West liked it , and ordered the first Standel amplifier that night . Crooks then took their amp to the Town Hall Party dance in Compton , California , where Merle Travis and Joe Maphis were playing . They ordered the second and fourth Standel amplifiers .
Standel amplifiers benefited from a rise in popularity among professional musicians , though at a small scale . Only 64 amplifiers appear on `` The Butcher List '' ( Crooks 's handwritten chart of amplifiers and clients ) . Due to the high cost of building these amplifiers , ( the JBL alone was $ 90 , about 2–3 months rent in those days ) they were used mostly by session musicians . Their high prices ( about double a standard production amplifier ) put them out of reach for most amateur musicians .
By 1963 , Standel introduced hybrid amplification and by 1965 developed a full line of all solid-state amplifiers . From 1963 to 1969 , Crooks coated the amplifier 's modules in color-coded epoxy resin . With the exception of the Red Tremolo module ( which usually fails ) , 95 % of these circuits continue to function after 45–50 years . For those that need repair , the Standel website ( www.standelamps.com ) post all known epoxy module schematics to help technicians repair these amplifiers .
Downfall
In 1970 , Standel unknowingly received a batch of defective output transistors that , over time , failed with a burst of direct current that also destroyed the speakers . The once dependable Standel brand began experiencing a high rate of warranty returns .
Eventually , in 1971 , the cost to cover warranty repairs became too high for Standel to endure and the company found itself in severe financial trouble .
In 1972 Standel Co. was sold to Randall Instruments , Inc. , a company founded by Don Randall ( of Fender fame ) . Robert C. Crooks retained their former position as president of the company and was also appointed as vice president of engineering at Randall . Robert 's son , Robert W. Crooks , was appointed comptroller at Randall while continuing as secretary of treasury at Standel . Don L. Randall became chief executive officer and chairperson of the board at Standel Co. For a while Standel practically operated as an independent business entity ( continuing to manufacture Standel amplifiers ) but the company also worked in close affiliations with Randall and produced Randall 's first amplifiers , which were `` hybrid '' designs with solid-state preamplifier and tube power amplifier ( and very much similar to following SG Systems amplifiers ) . Both companies likely provided from mutual trading of intellectual property and R & D .
Following briefly in same year , CMI ( distributor of the Standel and Gibson brands ) , acquired controlling interest in the company .
For a short while Standel amplifiers were manufactured under the C.M.I . rule . During this period Standel , for instance , experimented with the FET transistor technology . The infamous `` potted '' modules were also ditched and replaced with `` modular '' circuit board construction . At the same time range of amplifier models was unified and simplified . C.M.I . Also exploited Standel circuitry in developing the `` G-series '' of amplifiers , which were sold under Gibson label .
By 1972 , the Standel brand was replaced by SG Amplifiers ( which reputedly stood for `` Standel Gibson '' ) manufactured in the Standel factory at 4918 Santa Anita Ave. , El Monte , California , as the SG Systems brand ( often miscalled `` SG System '' ) . The SG line consisted of `` hybrid '' designs ( solid-state preamp , tube power amp ) for guitar and bass amplification and `` all-transistor '' amplifiers ( self-powered monitors and powered mixers ) . The amplifiers were most likely developed using Standel resources in coalition with Randall 's head design engineer Gary Sunda . ( Both Randall and SG Systems employed similar vacuum tube power amplifier circuitry , solid-state power amplifier design was similar to that employed by Standel and Gibson ) . Circuit diagrams have designer 's initials `` J.S.G . `` , which you can also find from early Randall amplifiers . They most likely refer to Gary Sunda . Unfortunately there are not many valid references about history of SG Systems amplifiers nor about collaborations of Standel , Randall and C.M.I .
After just over a year of operation , the SG line of amplifiers was discontinued . and the old factory closed down .
For the next 25 years , Crooks continued design work for various amplifier companies , such as Barcus-Berry ( which later bankrupted and re-emerged as BBE Sound under new ownership ) . Crooks , for instance , developed early prototypes of company 's `` Sonic Maximizer '' ( although it was n't originally titled `` Sonic Maximizer '' at the time ) and holds a handful of patents of related techniques to `` correct '' phase response of speaker systems with alleged lead and lag characteristics ( in phase ) at inductive and capacitive regions of the reactive load . The `` Sonic Maximizer '' design is largely based on ideas and concepts proposed by Crooks . The `` Sonic Maximizer '' circuitry was later also packaged into an integrated circuitry format and subsequently licensed by numerous companies . It is arguably Crooks ' most successful design .
Reformation of Standel
In 1997 , after 25 years of abandonment , the Standel Trademark became public domain , and Bob Crooks quickly secured it . Wanting to produce Standels again , and after a number of coincidences , Crooks came into contact with Danny `` Sage '' McKinney , the founder of Requisite Audio Engineering and through Franklin Garlock ( Standel 's west coast sales rep from the 1960s ) , requested a meeting with McKinney . McKinney , having first met Crooks when they were only 14 years old , saw them as a mentor and looked forward to seeing them again . Shortly after this reunion , Crooks offered McKinney the licensing to build and market Standels , with Crooks as technical advisor . For the next 10 years ( 1997-'07 ) , they built Standels at the Requisite Audio Engineering shop in Glendale , California , 17 miles from the original Standel factory .
Over the next two years , Crooks 's health began to fail and , in 1999 , they died at 79 years . Crooks lived to see their original design reintroduced at the 1998 NAMM convention in Anaheim , California , 45 years after its introduction in 1953 .
After Crooks 's death , McKinney continued to operate the Standel Company under the original licensing agreement , granted by Crooks 's widow , Deloris Crooks . In 2005 , McKinney became the sole owner of The Standel Company and The Standel Company trademark .
Present
In 2007 , the company was moved to Ventura , California , where they continue to build , to original specification , the Standel 25L15 and variations of the 50L15 and 100L15 models and Acoustic Magnifier versions of all models . They continue to use original ( 50-year-old ) JBL D-130 speakers . Each speaker receives a specially developed surround edge treatment and full re-magnetization before being put into another 50 years of service , in a Standel amplifier .
Technical achievements
Standel was a pioneer in modern amplifier design ; the following are some of the company 's achievements .
First to use JBL speakers in a musical instrument amplifier
First to use padded upholstery
First amplifier to have illuminated dials
First closed-back bass amplifiers
First piggy back amplifiers
First amplifier to contain its dials on the front panel
First hybrid amplifier ( used both valve and solid state circuitry )
First self-powered speaker cabinets
First to have separate `` Bass '' and `` Treble '' dials ( most amplifiers only had one `` Tone '' dial at the time )
Musical instruments
From 1961 to 1967 , Standel had a short period as a manufacturer of stringed instruments .
Bob Crooks made several attempts to market a Standel guitar . The first attempt resulted in 10 prototypes made by Semi Mosely . Joe Hall built the next line of guitars , a run of Mosrite-inspired double-cutaway guitars and a bass that featured an aluminum casting that housed the pickups , bridge and tailpiece . In 1967 Sam Koontz and The Harptone Manufacturing Co. designed and built a product line of 10 semi-hollow body and arch-top guitars , five acoustic models in six-string and 12-string variants and two basses : a semi-hollow body and the first production acoustic bass .
References
External links
Standel 's website
Standel 's Photo Gallery
Standel 's history at their website
This site shows the DeArmond pickups fitted in Standel guitars and basses
Guitar amplifier manufacturers
Audio equipment manufacturers of the United States
Republican Rescue : Saving the Party from Truth Deniers , Conspiracy Theorists , and the Dangerous Policies of Joe Biden is a 2021 book by American politician Chris Christie . The book focuses on conspiracy theories in the United States , moving on beyond former president Donald Trump , president Joe Biden 's policies , and rescuing the Republican Party . The book sold fewer than 2,500 copies in the first week of its release .
In the book Christie addresses different conspiracy theories , including one Trump often touts : that the 2020 election was `` stolen '' ; Christie stated the 2020 election was in fact not stolen . In an interview , Nicolle Wallace criticized Christie for not including a critique of Fox News in their book .
Christie was interviewed on NPR by host Don Gonyea for its release .
Reception
The book was termed a `` colossal flop '' by Press Run , having sold 2,289 copies in the first week of its release .
Insider NJ columnist Fred Snowflack stated , `` Political junkies in New Jersey will enjoy reading this book , but the key question remains . Do a majority of Republicans really want to move on from Donald Trump ? As Christie puts it , look forward , not backward . As of now , that seems doubtful . ''
References
2021 non-fiction books
Books about politics of the United States
Chris Christie
Threshold Editions books
Proteolipid protein 1 ( PLP1 ) is a form of myelin proteolipid protein ( PLP ) . Mutations in PLP1 are associated with Pelizaeus–Merzbacher disease . It is a 4 transmembrane domain protein which is proposed to bind other copies of itself on the extracellular side of the membrane . In a myelin sheath , as the layers of myelin wraps come together , PLP will bind itself and tightly hold the cellular membranes together .
This gene encodes a transmembrane proteolipid protein that is the predominant myelin protein present in the central nervous system ( CNS ) . The encoded protein functions in myelination . This protein may play a role in the compaction , stabilization , and maintenance of myelin sheaths , as well as in oligodendrocyte development and axonal survival . Mutations associated with this gene cause X-linked Pelizaeus–Merzbacher disease and spastic paraplegia type 2 . Two transcript variants encoding distinct isoforms have been identified for this gene .
In melanocytic cells PLP1 gene expression may be regulated by MITF .
Interactions
Proteolipid protein 1 has been shown to interact with Myelin basic protein .
See also
PLP2
References
Further reading
External links
GeneReview/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on PLP1-Related Disorders
Young Music DYMG is an American DJ , songwriter and record producer . They initially gained recognition as the official DJ for Washington , D.C.-based singer Ginuwine at the age of 16 . They are the youngest artist to sign a worldwide distribution deal with E1 Music .
Career
Disc Jockey
Young Music began deejaying at the age of 12 . In 2011 , their uncle , Ginuwine , hired Young Music to open for them at shows in 40 cities across the United States . In 2015 , they became the youngest DJ to be added to the CBS Radio owned WPGC-FM roster . In August of that same year , they toured with Chris Brown on the North American leg of the One Hell of a Nite Tour . Later that year , they joined Duane Myko and Tony Redz on the 30 city , `` Should Could Dream Tour '' which was co-sponsored by Revolt TV and WPGC . Following the conclusion of the tour , Young Music performed guest DJ sets on Sway in the Morning as well as Revolt TV . As of November 2016 , Young Music had mix shows on WPGC 95.5 FM in Washington , DC , E93 WEAS in Savannah , GA , WDKX 103.9 FM in Savannah , GA , WDAI 98.5 KISS in Myrtle Beach , SC and Coast 97.3 in Wilmington , NC . In 2018 they signed an exclusive international radio syndication deal with `` Radio Express International '' for all territories outside of the United States . The deal is for their radio shows , `` Streetz Slow Lane '' and `` Streetz Fast Lane . '' In September 2018 they formed their own national radio syndication company , `` DJ Young Music LLC . '' The company serves their combined 30 weekly markets with their two formatted self produced programs .
DYMG
In 2015 Young Music signed a development deal with N.S.U.C . Entertainment Group , distributed by E1 Distribution . The deal gave Young Music full development rights to release music , films and soundtracks under their label , DYMG . The first song that they released was `` Pull Up On The Block '' which featured Billboard charting artist , iLoveMemphis . By the end of that year , Young Music signed DMV based artists , Ant Glizzy and SHADE . In October 2018 , Young Music released a single entitled HeHe which featured Rich The Kid .
SUPER RADIO
In 2016 Young Music signed with Super Radio making them the youngest DJ to join their network . This deal expanded their weekly audience to an estimated 30 million listeners .
References
External links
DJ Young Music Official Website
1996 births
Living people
MNRK Music Group artists
East Coast hip hop musicians
American hip hop DJs
Bahariyeh ( , also Romanized as Bahārīyeh ) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 9 , in 6 families .
References
Populated places in Delijan County
The Illinois Fighting Illini softball team represents University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in NCAA Division I college softball . The team participates in the Big Ten Conference . The Fighting Illini are currently led by head coach Tyra Perry . The team plays its home games at Eichelberger Field located on the university 's campus .
History
Coaching history
Coaching staff
Notable players
Awards
Big Ten Coach of the Year
Terri Sullivan , 2010
References
Big Ten Conference softball
The men 's 200m individual medley events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June .
Medalists
Results
SM5
SM6
SM7
Final
Seven swimmers from six nations took part .
SM8
SM9
Final
Eight swimmers from seven nations took part .
SM10
Final
Eight swimmers from six nations took part .
SM11
Final
Five swimmers from five nations took part .
SM13
SM14
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
Angel Rodrigues was an American soccer player who earned two caps with the U.S. national team in 1937 . Both of their caps came in losses to Mexico in September 1937 . The first was a 7-3 loss on September 19 and the second a 5-1 loss six days later .
References
United States men 's international soccer players
Possibly living people
American soccer players
Association footballers not categorized by position
Year of birth missing
Erigenia bulbosa , also known as harbinger of spring or pepper and salt , is a perennial plant in the family Apiaceae . E. bulbosa is the only species in the genus Erigenia and tribe Erigenieae . This plant is known as harbinger of spring because it is one of the earliest blooming native wildflowers of rich forests in the mid-latitude United States . Throughout most of its range it blooms from late February through early April .
Description
It is a small spring ephemeral reaching only 5–15 cm tall when in flower , and slightly larger afterwards . Each spherical bulb gives rise to a single purplish stem , which terminates in an umbel . The flowers have white petals and large dark-reddish anthers . The teardrop shaped petals are 3-4 millimeters long , widely spaced and do not touch each other . As it is characteristic of the carrot family , the leaves of this plant are sheathed at the base and pinnately divided into many small sections .
Distribution and habitat
Harbinger of spring is an occasional plant in rich hardwood forests of eastern North America . It is found as far north as central New York and southern Wisconsin , west to the western Ozarks , and south to central Alabama . It is also found in extreme southern Ontario .
Ecology
Its typical associates include spring beauty ( Claytonia virginica ) and cut-leaf tooth wort ( Cardamine laciniata ) . All of these early spring blooming plants are pollinated by solitary bees , and to a lesser extent , flies and honey bees . E. bulbosa has a small daily accumulation of nectar per flower ( 7–38 µg sugar/flower ) , but the presence of numerous , closely arranged , simultaneously blooming flowers in the umbel may increase the overall nectar incentive for the pollinators . The nectar produced by E. bulbosa only contains the sugar fructose .
Erigenia bulbosa does not form vesicular-arbuscular mycorrhizal associations with fungi , in contrast to most plants .
These plants are protected in New York and Wisconsin as state endangered plants .
Uses
The bulb is edible both cooked and raw . The Cherokee were known to chew this plant as medicine for toothaches ; it is unknown what parts of plant they chewed . This plant is sometimes used in native wildflower gardens throughout its range .
Gallery
References
Apioideae
Edible Apiaceae
Flora of the Eastern United States
Ephemeral plants
Plants used in Native American cuisine
Plants used in traditional Native American medicine
Flora of Ontario
Monotypic Apiaceae genera
Christmas is the fourth EP by English rock band Creeper . Released on 8 December 2017 by Roadrunner Records , it features cover versions of two popular Christmas songs – `` Fairytale of New York '' , originally recorded by The Pogues , and `` Blue Christmas '' , most famously recorded by Elvis Presley – as well as an original track called `` Same Time Next Year ? '' . The EP was preceded by the release of `` Fairytale of New York '' as a single on 1 December 2017 .
Background
Creeper 's Christmas EP was announced on 1 December 2017 , with the band 's recording of The Pogues ' `` Fairytale of New York '' released on the same day . Speaking about the decision to cover the song , the band 's frontman Will Gould explained that `` Ever since we were kids , Fairytale Of New York has always been our favourite Christmas song . Shane MacGowan and Kirsty MacColl trading insults in the lyrics and the overall sad tone of the song always appealed to us – we 've wanted to cover it for some time . '' The EP was released on 8 December 2017 as a digital download and on streaming platforms .
In a 2022 interview with the NME , Gould suggested that they regretted recording the Christmas EP . Talking about the potential release of new music , they stated : `` We ca n't be one of those bands that chucks out a song a week , because you end up with a load of rubbish . Your Spotify is basically your permanent record . I know I 've got some blemishes on there – I did do that Christmas record – but for the most part , I only want things on there that I 'm proud of , rather than shit I threw out because nothing else was happening . ''
Track listing
Personnel
Will Gould – vocals , production
Hannah Greenwood – keyboards , piano , penny whistle , vocals , production
Ian Miles – guitars , keyboards , production
Oliver Burdett – guitars , production
Sean Scott – bass , production
Dan Bratton – drums , percussion , production
Ben Thackeray – engineering
Rupert Christie – mixing
Dick Beetham – mastering
References
External links
2017 EPs
Christmas albums by English artists
Creeper ( band ) albums
Horror punk EPs
Roadrunner Records EPs
Rock Christmas albums
Christmas EPs
Panama 's Ciudad del Saber ( Spanish for City of Knowledge ) is a government-sponsored cluster of academic organizations , technology companies and non-governmental organizations , managed by the foundation of the same name . It is located just across the Miraflores locks , in what used to be United States Army South headquarters , Fort Clayton , now known simply as Clayton .
History
Ciudad del Saber was born from the idea of converting some military areas located in the former Panama Canal Zone into a center for knowledge exchange . The project was supported by former presidents Nicolás Ardito Barletta and Ernesto Pérez Balladares , and was presented by the latter at the Summit of the Americas held in Miami , Florida , in December 1994 . The non-profit foundation that manages the park today was created in 1995 . The current facilities at Fort Clayton were officially handed over to the foundation by President Mireya Moscoso in November 1999 , during the final stage of the implementation of the Torrijos-Carter Treaties .
Today , the institution provides facilities and support to programs in education , research , technological development and innovation , while promoting integration of institutions , business , and programs .
Affiliates
Among its better-known affiliates are UNICEF 's regional headquarters , the Red Cross , the U.S Peace Corps , the United Nations Development Programme regional office for Latin America and the Caribbean , the World Food Program , and Plan International .
The headquarters of the World Organization of the Scout Movement 's InterAmerican Region were relocated there in 2010 .
Among the members of the academic section are the Balboa Academy , ILISA ( a Spanish language school ) , Isthmus University ( architecture ) , and international programs of Georgia Institute of Technology , McGill University , University of Pennsylvania , Florida State University ( present as the Florida State University-Panama campus ) , Saint Louis University , Iowa State University , and SIT Study Abroad ( School for International Training ) .
References
External links
City of Knowledge
Economy of Panama
Geography of Panama
1 vs. 100 was a massively multiplayer online game show video game developed and published by Microsoft Game Studios for Xbox 360 , and an adaptation of the trivia game show of the same name .
Summary
There were two versions of the game , referred to as 1 vs. 100 Live and 1 vs. 100 Extended Play . The Live version was hosted by Chris Cashman in North America and James McCourt in the UK and Ireland , and places a single contestant as `` The One '' against a group of 100 that make up `` The Mob '' , with the rest of the players making up `` The Crowd '' . The One has the opportunity to win up to 10,000 Microsoft Points , credited to their Xbox Live account , while the remaining members of The Mob divide up the winnings and each win an Xbox Live Arcade game if they are able to eliminate The One . The top three players in The Crowd win the XBLA game as well .
The hosts and players were represented by Xbox Live Avatars . The game was free to all Xbox Live gold subscribers and was supported by advertising revenue . Seasons lasting 13 weeks consisted of various 30-minute extended play sessions followed by live two-hour episodes airing Tuesday and Friday ( Fridays and Saturdays during the first season ) .
Season 2 of 1 vs. 100 began on November 19 , 2009 in France , Germany , the United States and Canada , and on November 20 , 2009 in the United Kingdom and in the Republic of Ireland .
On July 15 , 2010 , Microsoft confirmed that 1 vs. 100 would n't return for a third season .
On November 11 , 2021 , multiple gaming news outlets have started reporting rumors saying a revival of the game is in development , according to journalist Jeff Grubb , who claimed on their Giant Bomb show that the game is currently in active development at AltspaceVR , which is part of Microsoft 's Mixed Reality division .
Gameplay
At the beginning of each 1 vs. 100 Live round , a player is selected as `` The One '' and 100 players are selected to be `` The Mob '' . Everyone else remains in `` The Crowd '' . Selection is based on weekly , round , and season ( lifetime ) score .
The game 's rules are nearly identical to the game show 's : a question is posed , and both The One and The Mob must select an answer from three choices . If The One gets the question wrong , the game is over and the prize money is split up amongst The Mob . If The One gets the answer right , members of The Mob who got the question wrong are eliminated . The payout goes up for every tenth member of The Mob eliminated . The One can opt to quit with their winnings at various intervals , or press their luck and continue on .
The Live version adds the notion of `` The Crowd '' , which allows hundreds of thousands of players to compete alongside The Mob and The One . The top three members of The Crowd win an Xbox Live Arcade game . The Crowd represents one of the three `` helps '' available to the one , which can be used at any time to lock in their answer . If The One fails to answer the first three questions , the helps are automatically used . The helps are :
Trust the Mob - The One 's answer becomes whatever the majority of The Mob answered .
Trust the Crowd - The One 's answer becomes whatever the majority of The Crowd answered .
Trust the Top 10 - The One 's answer becomes whatever a majority of the 10 top scoring players in the current round answered from the crowd or mob . ( In the first season , this was known as `` Trust the Brain '' which took the answer from the top performing player )
The better a member of The Crowd does , the better chance they have of being selected to be a part of The Mob or The One . Selection is based upon statistics for speed , accuracy , and the number of questions answered for that week . A player can only be chosen as The One once per season and as a member of The Mob once per Primetime episode . Each season will give players an opportunity to earn another 200 gamerscore .
Extended Play sessions
The Extended Play version eliminates The One and the crowd and simply has all players compete as a member of The Mob of limitless size . It is typically a 30-minute show with 37 total questions . While there are no prizes during Extended Play , a player 's participation contributes to the chance that they will be selected to join The Mob , or be The One during the next Live episode . Players are able to submit questions to be considered for inclusion in the Extended Play mode of the game via a web interface .
Development
Manuel Bronstein , director of 1 vs. 100 for Microsoft Studios , describes the game as the realization of Microsoft 's `` vision for programmatic interactive experiences '' delivered via Xbox Live Primetime . The game was due to be released in November 2008 with the `` New Xbox Experience '' update but it was delayed ( as was the rest of the planned Primetime content ) . While fairly simple in visual appearance , Bronstein explained that the game was in development for more than a year because of technical hurdles , noting that making sure `` hundreds of thousands of people see the host and answer the questions at the exact same time and handling prizes and all the things associated with cheating made for an interesting technical challenge . ''
Bronstein commented that Microsoft met with the producers of the popular television game shows American Idol and Survivor before partnering with Endemol and choosing 1 vs. 100 `` because of its social elements . '' Joerg Bachmaier , senior VP of digital media for Endemol said `` We see [ the Xbox Live version ] as a replication of the show on another platform ... Except now it 's more active . Nobody is just sitting back and watching . ''
Microsoft has stated that the first season of the game would be a `` pilot season '' . Future seasons were dependent upon the success of the show 's ability to generate advertiser revenue . Sprint and Honda each paid around $ 1 million to become primary sponsors of the first season and Microsoft is trying to sell additional one-off or occasional commercial spots .
A company named Ex Machina delivered the technology and services to help run the massive multiplayer trivia quiz application for Xbox Live . This included a special content management system ( or `` CMS '' ) was created that supported the game content such as the questions and answers , all required metadata and multimedia items . Based on the individual results from each individual players ' leaderboards were created in real-time .
An open beta was made available to Canadian subscribers with a gold subscription from May 8 through May 24 , 2009 . The open beta was re-opened and extended to subscribers in the USA on June 1 , 2009 . Though it was still in beta , on July 10 , Microsoft began awarding actual prizes in the North American beta ( previously players testing the game simply earned entries into a sweepstakes ) . They also confirmed that the beta season that commenced June 1 would last 13 weeks . The beta season for both the US and Canada ended on August 31 , 2009 .
The open beta for the United Kingdom began on July 10 , 2009 , and both Germany and France began on July 12 , 2009 .
Based on input from the first season , changes were incorporated into the game for the second season . The player selected as `` The One '' was found to receive a plethora of messages when they were playing , and thus in the second season , `` The One '' had their online status set to `` Busy '' , preventing these messages from distracting the player . `` The One '' also entered the virtual set in a more dramatic fashion .
Reception
Yahoo Games reported they `` found it very hard to put down the controller '' in a play test offered to the press and said while it may not necessarily `` revolutionise primetime entertainment ... given the right kind of publicity , Microsoft could really have a winner on its hands. '' . Mike Krahulik and Jerry Holkins of the Penny Arcade gaming webcomic both commended the game for its authentic game-show atmosphere and its natural-feeling extension of social avatar-based gaming , compared with the perceived flaws in Sony 's PlayStation Home service .
The game was downloaded over 2.5 million times , and its success has led Microsoft to extend its beta season for two additional weeks . Microsoft claims that the North American version of the game surpassed the Guinness world record for `` most contestants in a game show '' with over 114,000 simultaneous players .
Possible revival
With the release of the Xbox Series X and Series S console line in 2020 , Xbox head Phil Spencer has said there is a strong interest in bringing back 1 vs. 100 given the success of trivia apps like HQ and Microsoft has been looking into how that would work in the current environment . Microsoft 's AltspaceVR team has been rumored that they were working on a 1 vs. 100 as of November 2021 , based on the same technology developed for online meeting applications , with support from Xbox Game Studios .
References
1 vs. 100
2009 video games
Massively multiplayer online games
Microsoft games
Online games
Party video games
Quiz video games
Video games based on game shows
Video games developed in the United States
Xbox 360 games
Xbox 360-only games
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
Inactive massively multiplayer online games
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Bingham , one in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia and one in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom .
The Bingham Baronetcy , of Castlebar in the County of Mayo , was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 7 June 1634 . For more information on this creation , see Earl of Lucan
The Bingham Baronetcy , of West Lea in the Parish of Ranmoor in the City of Sheffield , was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 12 December 1903 for John Bingham , a leading figure in the Sheffield cutlery industry and pioneer in the electroplating industry . The title became extinct on the death of the second Baronet in 1945 .
Bingham baronets , of Castlebar ( 1634 )
see Earl of Lucan
Bingham baronets , of West Lea ( 1903 )
Sir John Edward Bingham , 1st Baronet ( 1839–1915 )
Sir Albert Edward Bingham , 2nd Baronet ( 1868–1945 )
References
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
1634 establishments in Nova Scotia
1903 establishments in the United Kingdom
The Platt Music Corporation , founded by Benjamin Platt in 1905 , was a national retailer specializing in selling consumer electronics goods through leased operations in 135 department stores including Marshall Field 's , Bloomingdale 's , The May Department Stores Company and Emporium-Capwell .
Platt Music Corporation , where Herman Platt , ( 1909–2005 ) , son of Benjamin Platt served as president and CEO from 1956 until 1984 , was a private company that leased space in department stores such as The May Department Stores Company , otherwise known as Robinsons-May , and sold consumer electronic products . Platt Music Corporation was also the first company to carry Toshiba in the United States . In 1984 , Michael Glazer became chairperson and chairperson executive of Platt Music . Tom Bagan , president and COO of Chicago retail giant Marshall Field 's became president and COO of The Platt Music Corporation . The company started trading publicly on the Stock Exchange in 1984 . National operations ended in 1988 .
Members of the Platt Family have lived in Los Angeles since the 19th century . TV presenter Josh Flagg is the great-grandson of its founder .
The Platt Music Company Building , constructed in 1927 and designed by architects Walker + Eisen , was located at 834 S. Broadway in downtown Los Angeles .
References
External links
Platt Music Corporation stock certificate at Scripophily.net
Consumer electronics retailers in the United States
Retail companies based in California
Companies based in Los Angeles
Defunct retail companies of the United States
Defunct companies based in Greater Los Angeles
American companies established in 1905
Retail companies established in 1905
Retail companies disestablished in 1988
1905 establishments in California
1988 disestablishments in California
Donaciano Vigil ( 1802-1877 ) was an American politician who served as the second governor of the New Mexico Territory . Born a subject of the Spanish Crown in Santa Fe to Nuevomexicanos parents , they served in the militias during Mexican rule in New Mexico . After the United States annexed New Mexico following the Mexican–American War , Vigil helped smooth the transition to American governance .
Early years ( 1802-1846 )
Donaciano Vigil was born in 1802 in Santa Fe , New Mexico , and was educated by their father .
When fully grown , Vigil was perhaps 6 ' 2 '' tall , and very strong .
They enlisted in the Santa Fe militia in 1823 as a private .
During their twenty five years of service they participated in many campaigns against the Native Americans ,
helped suppress the revolt of 1837 against Governor Albino Pérez ,
and in 1841 fought against the Texan Santa Fe Expedition , a group of soldiers and traders from the Republic of Texas pushing through New Mexico towards Santa Fe .
Vigil advanced through the ranks , becoming a captain and Company Commander of the San Miguel del Bado militia .
Vigil was intelligent , educated and fluent in English as well as Spanish .
They twice served as a member of the Department Assembly , from 1838 to 1840 and again from 1843 to 1845 .
They also served as secretary to Governor Manuel Armijo .
For a year from February 1844 they published a newspaper , La Verdad [ The Truth ] .
They were involved in the Santa Fe trade with the United States , and came to know many Americans .
In 1846 Vigil and their company mobilized to resist the United States army that invaded New Mexico under General Stephen W. Kearny ,
taking a position in Apache Canyon to prevent the U.S. troops from reaching the capital .
However , Governor Manuel Armijo ordered the troops to disband rather than fight , and Vigil obeyed under protest .
Kearny was able to occupy Santa Fe and New Mexico without resistance .
Post-war leader ( 1846-1851 )
Kearny wanted capable local leaders to assist in government , thereby smoothing the transition to United States rule . They offered Vigil the position of Secretary of the Territorial Civil Government under Governor Charles Bent . Vigil previously held the position of Territorial Secretary under Governor Armijo . By accepting this offer , Vigil threw in their lot with the United States . They apparently considered the more progressive government of the U.S. to be preferable to
the ineffective and corrupt government based in Mexico City , which they criticized in their 1846 book Arms , Indians and Mismanagement of New Mexico .
In secret meetings led by Don Diego Archuleta at a home near the military church , La Castrenza , in Santa Fe , Mexican loyalists elected Tomas Ortiz governor with Archuleta as commanding general . A rebellion was planned to take place in the city on December 19 , 1846 , and later postponed to Christmas Eve . Mexican loyalist emissaries were sent out to all nearest points demanding that the people take part in the uprising in Santa Fe upon the third bell for midnight mass ( Misa del Gallo ) , when all of the American officers would be captured . This plan fell through , however , after it became known to Donaciano Vigil , by way of the proprietress of the city 's largest gambling house , Tules Barcelona . Vigil informed General Sterling Price , of the Second Missouri Mounted Volunteers , who had a number of conspirators arrested . With the information obtained , General Price was able to station soldiers at the homes of every known revolutionist . However , Tomas Ortiz escaped in the garb of a servant girl and fled to Chihuahua .
The new governor , Charles Bent , was a prosperous fur trader who hailed from Virginia . By 1835 , Bent settled in Taos and married a local woman , María Ignacia Jaramillo . On 19 January 1847 , Bent was murdered by a group of Hispanic and Taos Pueblo rebels at the beginning of the Taos Revolt .
Afterwards , General Price asked Vigil to serve as Acting Governor . Vigil accepted the position , calling on the people to be calm . They said , `` ... whether this country has to belong to the government of the United States or return to its native Mexico , is it not a gross absurdity to foment rancorous feelings toward people with whom we are either to compose one family , or to continue our commercial relations ? Unquestionably it is ... ''
Vigil 's proclamation ended ,
As Acting Governor , Vigil called for the establishment of a public school system open to the poor as well as the rich . Later in 1847 , they called for the first Territorial legislature to be convened .
Vigil was appointed Governor in December 1847 .
They supported the territorial legislature 's resolution calling for the creation of a public university . In 1848 , they endorsed the legislature 's request for a territorial convention to determine the formal status of New Mexico . That is , as either a state or a territory of the United States .
On 10 October 1848 , Colonel John M. Washington arrived in Santa Fe at the head of four dragoon companies . The next day Washington took charge as both civil and military governor .
Vigil reverted to their former position as Territorial Secretary . They held that post until March 1851 when the new constitution took effect and the government of New Mexico was reorganized .
In April 1849 Father Ramón Ortiz y Miera arrived in New Mexico from Chihuahua , Mexico as commissioner in charge of assisting Mexicans who wished to resettle in Chihuahua .
They were welcomed by Governor Washington and Secretary Vigil who both thought they were unlikely to succeed . So , they even offered to supply transport to Mexicans seeking repatriation .
Their moods changed quickly when the people of San Miguel del Vado , alone , submitted 900 requests for repatriation assistance .
Vigil said that Ortíz could not conduct recruitment in person since their presence would disturb the peace . Father Ortiz then appointed agents to recruit New Mexico families for repatriation and was still met with considerable success . In response , Vigil cracked down further on recruitment efforts . The United States position was that the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo did not cover repatriation . As such , Ortíz 's activity was therefore illegal .
Landowner ( 1851-1877 )
Donaciano Vigil had been involved in land purchases for some time .
They moved to Pecos in 1854 , where they became a major landowner , founding East Pecos . In 1830 the Pueblo Indians of the area had sold part of their lands to Juan Estavan Pino , and Vigil obtained the part of Pino 's purchase that lay to the east of the Pecos River . Their first purchase of land in the Pecos Pueblo tract was made on 26 December 1854 , for a price of $ 1,500 , and further purchases followed over the years . They built houses and storage rooms , and an irrigation ditch to power their grain mill . Vigil continued to be active in public affairs , serving in the territorial legislature several times up to the end of the American Civil War . They were a school commissioner in San Miguel County in 1871–1872 . A strong old man , at the age of 74 they were still capable of riding a horse from Pecos to Santa Fe , a distance of . They died in 1877 , leaving a will that divided their land among their numerous sons .
See also
Donaciano Vigil House
Bibliography
References
Sources
External links
Donaciano Vigil by David J. Weber , New Mexico Office of the State Historian
1802 births
1877 deaths
19th-century American politicians
American politicians of Mexican descent
American politicians of Spanish descent
Governors of New Mexico Territory
People from New Mexico
Politicians from Santa Fe , New Mexico
Beharena is a commune in Atsimo-Atsinanana Region in south-eastern Madagascar .
Following 6 villages belong to the commune :
Akira
Ankarapotsy
Beharena
Efasy
Ianakody
Mahabo
References
Populated places in Atsimo-Atsinanana
Rexville or Reckville was an unincorporated area in Austin County , in the U.S. state of Texas . The former location of the community , now a ghost town , is in a rural area between Sealy in Austin County and Eagle Lake in Colorado County . The name Rexville is still used to identify a United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) quadrangle map .
Geography
The one-time community of Rexville was situated at on a former railroad right-of-way about north-northwest of the intersection of Rexville and Mieth Roads . This junction is located on Rexville Road southwest of Sealy and northwest of Farm to Market Road 3013 ( FM 3013 ) on Mieth Road . The disused railroad right-of-way converges with Rexville Road about to the southwest of Rexville and Mieth . There is a large Wal-Mart distribution center to the northeast at FM 3013 and Farm to Market Road 3538 . Rexville Road starts near U.S. Route 90 in Sealy and crosses Interstate 10 at a bridge near Sealy High School . There is no interchange . A short distance southwest of the overpass , the pavement ends and Rexville Road becomes gravel-topped . On the 1960 Rexville USGS 7.5 ' Quadrangle , Rexville is marked on a railroad siding beside a gravel pit on the west side of East Bernard Creek .
History
The area was first settled by Anglo-Americans in the 1830s . Originally called Reckville , the settlement was founded by German immigrants in the 1870s about southwest of Sealy . In the 1880s , a spur line of the Gulf , Colorado and Santa Fe Railway was built between Sealy and Eagle Lake . Though the town became a flag stop on the railroad , few people moved there . The Rexville community never had a post office but got its mail from Sealy . By the 1950s there was nothing in the area but a triangulation station on the Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad and a few farms . One source lists Rexville as a ghost town .
Gallery
References
See also
Populated places in Austin County , Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Ghost towns in South Texas
David Gindler is an American lawyer and philanthropist . They are the head of the Intellectual Property Litigation and Licensing Group at Milbank and was previously the managing partner of Irell & Manella . They have donated—with their wife , Kiki Ramos Gindler—more than $ 2 million to the Los Angeles Master Chorale . They are a 1981 graduate of Pomona College , where they met their wife and worked at the radio station KSPC .
References
American philanthropists
Pomona College alumni
American lawyers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Comitato Esecutivo per i Servizi di Informazione e Sicurezza ( ) was an Italian government committee whose mission was the coordination of all the intelligence sector , and specifically between the two civilian and military intelligence agencies ( respectively , SISDE and SISMI ) , with the aim to report all the relevant information collected by it to the political Authorities , represented by the Presidency of the Council of Ministers .
With the reform of the Italian Intelligence Services approved on 1 August 2007 , CESIS was replaced by DIS .
History
Since the end of World War II , Italian intelligence agencies have been reorganized many times in an attempt to increase their effectiveness and bring them more fully under civilian control .
The committee was established as part of a broader reform of the Italian intelligence community , which represented the latest in a long string of government attempts to effectively manage Italy 's intelligence agencies .
In 1977 , with Legislative Act n.801 of 24/10/1977 , this came after a former chief of SID , Vito Miceli , was arrested for `` conspiration against the State '' ( See Golpe Borghese ) , and the intelligence agencies were reorganized in a democratic attempt . This re-organization mainly consisted of :
The split of SID , the intelligence agency at that time , into two separate agencies with different roles : SISDE ( the domestic one ) and SISMI ( the military one ) .
The creation of CESIS , with a coordination role between the two intelligence agencies and the Presidency of the Council of Ministers .
The creation of the Parliamentary Committee , COPACO , to oversee the activities of the two agencies .
Since 1 August 2007 , with Legislative Act n.124 of 08/03/2007 , following the reform of the Italian intelligence agencies , SISDE , SISMI and CESIS were replaced respectively by AISI , AISE and DIS , and the COPACO was granted additional oversight and control powers .
CESIS 's first Secretary General was Prefect Gaetano Napoletano , the last one was Lieutenant General Giuseppe Cucchi .
Mission
CESIS was a collective body , chaired by the President of Council , and composed of the main political , public security , military and intelligence agency top authorities :
The President of Council or , by proxy , another government authority .
The Secretary General of the President of the Council of Ministers ' Office .
The Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
The Chief of the General Staff of the Italian Defence .
The Chief of Police ( In Italy , the top authority of the Polizia di Stato ) .
The Commanding Generals of the Arma dei Carabinieri and the Guardia di Finanza ( in Italy , the two top authorities of the Arma dei Carabinieri and the Guardia di Finanza ) .
The Directors of SISDE and SISMI .
The Secretary General of CESIS .
The Secretary General of CESIS was not only a member , but , as the chief of General Secretariat of CESIS ( see below ) , they also acted as the Secretary of this body .
The General Secretariat
The General Secretariat , the Office of the Secretary General , was a focal point which , amongst other things :
Acted as a link interface between the information collected by the two intelligence agencies and the political Authority .
Acted as a filter interface between the intelligence sector and the other public administration departments .
Coordinated and directed intelligence agencies ' personnel .
Decided which foreign intelligence and security agencies SISDE and SISMI were allowed to establish contacts with .
Through the UCSI ( Central Security Office ) , a structure located within the General Secretariat of CESIS , it :
authorized persons and companies to deal with classified information .
attended to the managements of the State Secrets .
UCSI 's role is to protect the Italian secret of State .
By means of the General Secretariat , the President of Council ensures the unity of political leadership and management of the intelligence agencies .
The Secretary General exerted , by proxy , the role of ANS ( `` National Security Authority '' ) , peculiar of the President of Council .
The Secretaries General
Gaetano Napoletano ( 1977-1978 )
Walter Pelosi ( 1978-1981 )
Orazio Sparano ( 1981-1987 )
Giuseppe Richero ( 1987-1991 )
Francesco Paolo Fulci ( 1991-1993 )
Giuseppe Taormina ( 1993-1994 )
Umberto Pierantoni ( 1994-1996 )
Francesco Berardino ( 1996-2001 )
Fernando Masone ( 2001-2003 )
Emilio del Mese ( 2003 - 20 November 2006 )
Giuseppe Cucchi ( 21 November 2006 - 3 August 2007 )
References
External links
[ The ANS ( `` National Security Authority '' ) and UCSI ( `` Central Security Office '' ) ]
Italian intelligence agencies
Political committees of Italy
Freemasonry in Italy
Group D of the 1997 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group I was one of four pools in the Europe/Africa Zone Group I of the 1997 Fed Cup . Three teams competed in a round robin competition , with the top two teams advancing to the knockout stage .
Slovenia vs. Latvia
Israel vs. Georgia
Slovenia vs. Georgia
Israel vs. Latvia
Slovenia vs. Israel
Latvia vs. Georgia
failed to win any ties in the pool , and thus was relegated to Group II in 1998 , where they placed first in their pool of six , and thus advanced back to Group I for 1999 .
See also
Fed Cup structure
References
External links
Fed Cup website
1997 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone
Fortuna desperata is a secular Italian song , possibly originally by Busnois ( but others credit Antoine Brumel ) . It was used by many other authors in the following 75 years , for both variations and cantus firmus masses , and over 30 such reworkings are known .
Words in the original Italian and in English and German are available at Choral Wiki .
The first verse is
'Fortuna desperata
Iniqua e maledecta
Che de tal dona electa
La fama hai denigrata . '
translated as
'Desperate fate ,
iniquitous and maledicted
who blackened the good name
of a woman beyond compare . '
Amongst the more well-known versions of the song are the three-voice version by Busnois , its reworking for six voices by Alexander Agricola , a three-part instrumental version possibly by Josquin , three-voice version by Heinrich Isaac , and seven settings ( including quodlibets ) by Ludwig Senfl . See ( archive from 29 December 2014 , accessed 26 February 2016 ) for several others .
Parody masses
Amongst the mass-settings are those by Josquin and Obrecht and Pierquin de Thérache .
References
Renaissance chansons
Year of song unknown
`` One More Sleep '' is a song recorded by British singer Leona Lewis for their first Christmas album and fourth studio album , Christmas , with Love ( 2013 ) . It was written by Lewis in collaboration with Richard `` Biff '' Stannard , Iain James , Jez Ashurst and Bradford Ellis , and produced by Richard `` Biff '' Stannard . It was released in the United States on 5 November , in Ireland and the United Kingdom on 29 November and many parts of Europe on 2 December . `` One More Sleep '' is recognised as one of the biggest recent Christmas songs in the UK according to the Official Charts Company . The song is certified double platinum by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) . `` One More Sleep '' is also one of the most-streamed Christmas songs in the UK , with over 93 million streams as of 2021 .
Background
In February 2013 , a representative from Syco Music , Lewis ' record label , announced that they were about to start writing and recording material `` imminently '' for their fourth studio album , and that it would be released in late 2013 . The news came after Lewis announced that they had parted ways from Modest ! Management , the management team who had represented them since they won the third series of The X Factor in 2006 . Various media outlets speculated that this was due to the weak commercial performance of their third studio album , Glassheart , which was released in November 2012 . It became their first album to not debut at number one or earn platinum certification in the United Kingdom . It was also reported that the second single from the album , `` Lovebird '' , had sold fewer than 600 copies , meaning it failed to attain one of 200 chart positions on the UK Singles Chart , was another contributing factor to their departure .
In June 2013 , speculation arose that Lewis ' fourth album would in fact be a Christmas album , after British production duo MagicIT tweeted that they were in a studio recording Christmas songs with the singer . The following month , Lewis confirmed that they were indeed in the process of recording a Christmas album . They revealed that it was recorded on the recommendation of Syco boss Simon Cowell . Speaking about the decision to record a Christmas album at this point in their career in July 2013 , further explained how Cowell had come up with the idea : `` Simon is still very much involved in my career and helps me out . They came up with the Christmas album idea , and we both kind of felt it was the right time to go ahead with it . ''
Release
On 24 October 2013 , Lewis unveiled `` One More Sleep '' as the album 's lead single , and they released the single cover artwork a week later on 31 October . The artwork is a headshot of Lewis holding a red bow over their eye . The song was released as a digital download in the United States on 5 November through RCA Records , Ireland , Italy and Switzerland through Sony Music Entertainment and the United Kingdom through Syco Music on 29 November , and multiple other European countries on 2 December , including France and Spain . Lewis uploaded a Cahill remix of the song to their official SoundCloud account on 21 November 2013 .
Production and composition
`` One More Sleep '' was co-written by Lewis in collaboration with Richard `` Biff '' Stannard , Iain James , Jez Ashurst and Bradford Ellis . Stannard and Ash Howes produced the song , while they and Lewis carried out the vocal production . It was recorded by Biffco and mixed by Howes at Biffco Studios , Brighton , and Angel Recording Studios , London . The song utilised a multitude of instrumentalists : Keys and programming were performed by Ashurst , Stannard and Howes ; Celli by Nick Holland ; drums by Freddy Sheed and bass by Knight Time Horns ; trombone by Barnaby Dickinson and trumpet by Graeme Flowers ; James Knight performed the saxophone ; strings were led by Rolf Wilson , arranged and conducted by Cliff Masterson and booked by Roz Colls ; Rolf Wilson , Simon Baggs , Steve Morris , Julian Leaper , Tom Piggot Smith , Richard George , Jonathan Hill , Laura Bruce White , Tim Grant , Reiad Chibah performed the violins ; and violas by Greg Walmsley , Nerys Richards . Background vocals were sung by Katie Holmes , Kelli-Leigh Henry-Davila and Bianca Claxton , while Choir vocals were performed by Diva singers , who were arranged and conducted by Masterson .
`` One More Sleep '' is a Motown inspired song which lasts for a duration of . The hook consists of a Christmas countdown , whereby Lewis sings `` Because I got five more nights of sleeping on my own/ Four more days until you 're coming home/ Three more dreams of you and mistletoe/ Two more reasons why I love you so . '' Lewis `` trills '' the lyrics `` I 've got five more nights of sleeping on my own/ Four more days until you 're coming home '' over the Motown inspired beat of xylophone phones and jingle bells . Waiting the return of their partner to come home on Christmas Day , Lewis adopts an `` angelic tone '' as they sing `` Three more dreams of you and mistletoe/ Two more reasons why I love you so . '' Popjustice praised the `` 5-4-3-2-1 device '' , calling it `` excellent . ''
Critical reception
`` One More Sleep '' garnered acclaim from music critics . Writing for Digital Spy , Lewis Corner wrote that `` One More Sleep '' is more `` heart-warming '' and `` sweet '' than a Christmas pudding , and that is likely to become an annual Christmas staple song . They awarded the song four out of a possible five stars . Sam Lanksy of Idolator wrote that the song is `` wonderfully old-fashioned '' , with `` ooh-oohs '' sung in the background and `` twinkly '' production . Lanksy continued to write that if `` One More Sleep '' fails to get listeners in the mood for Christmas , then `` nothing '' else would . Popjustice wrote that `` One More Sleep '' is `` so incredible '' that listeners forget that it is one of `` the most toxic phrases in the English language '' , and awarded the song nine out of a possible ten stars . Michael Cragg , a writer for The Guardian , was complimentary of the song and wrote that it is worthy of ranking alongside Kelly Clarkson 's Christmas song `` Underneath the Tree '' ( Wrapped in Red ) as 2013s `` best song to get drunk to at a Christmas party . '' They praised the decision for `` legendary '' producer Richard Stannard to produce the song , as well as the Spector influence .
Chart performance
In the United Kingdom , `` One More Sleep '' debuted at number 34 on the UK Singles Chart on 8 December 2013 , and surged to its peak position of number three the following week . Only 300 copies separated `` One More Sleep '' from attaining the number-two position , which was claimed by Avicii 's `` Hey Brother '' . With `` One More Sleep '' peaking inside the top five at number three on the UK Singles Chart , Lewis set a new record for British female solo artist with the most top five singles in the history of the chart , bringing their total to eight . `` A Moment Like This '' and `` Bleeding Love '' both reached number-one in 2006 and 2007 , respectively . In 2008 , the double A-side `` Better in Time '' / '' Footprints in the Sand '' peaked at number two , `` Forgive Me '' peaked at number five and `` Run '' peaked at number one . `` Happy '' peaked at number two in 2009 , while `` Collide '' peaked at number four in 2011 . As a result , Lewis overtook Olivia Newton-John 's record tally of seven top five singles . Petula Clark , Shirley Bassey , Cilla Black , Billie Piper , Geri Halliwell , Louise Redknapp , Cheryl , Emeli Sandé , Jessie J and Ellie Goulding had all had achieved six top five singles as of December 2013 . The song held onto its peak position of number three for a second week on the UK Singles Chart the following week . `` One More Sleep '' spent a further fourth week charting at number 15 before disappearing from the chart . In December 2014 , the song re-entered the UK Singles Chart at number 80 , and spent two further weeks at number 92 . In December 2015 , it re-entered the chart for one week at number 83 . Altogether , `` One More Sleep '' has spent a total of two weeks in the top ten , three weeks in the top 20 , four weeks in the top 40 and 75 , and eight weeks in the top 100 of the UK Singles Chart .
On the UK Singles Downloads Chart , `` One More Sleep '' debuted at number 36 on 8 December 2013 , and jumped to number two the following week . It slipped one position to number three in its third week , and number 14 in its fourth before falling off the chart altogether . The track re-entered the chart in December 2014 at number 93 and peaked at number 66 for two weeks . In December 2015 , the song made another re-entry at number 61 , and number 69 in December 2016 . In December 2016 , `` One More Sleep '' was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) for exceeding 200,000 shipments and streams .
For the week ending 7 December 2013 , `` One More Sleep '' debuted at number 31 on the South Korea International Singles Charts , with first week sales of 4,266 copies . In the United States , the song debuted at number 16 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart on 9 December . It rose one position to number 15 in its second week , and to number 10 in its third week . It peaked at number 23 on the US Holiday Digital Songs chart . In Ireland , `` One More Sleep '' peaked at number 19 . `` One More Sleep '' is ranked as the ninth most played Christmas song on radio in the UK in 2013 .
`` One More Sleep '' entered the UK Top 40 again at number 36 on 15 December 2017 . It then reached number 19 the week later , marking its first top 20 entry since December 2013 . The song re-entered the UK Top 40 again in 2018 , reaching number 19 on the week of 21st December . On the week of 28 December 2018 the song reached number 8 , making its way back to the UK top 10 .
In 2019 , the song re-entered the UK top 40 once again and reached number 15 on the week of 23 December . In 2020 , the song re-entered the top 40 at position 33 for the week 4th December . The song climbed within the UK top 20 , peaking at number 18 .
As of 03 December 2021 `` One More Sleep '' charted at 47 , surpassing sales of 1,000,000 copies in the UK . On 31st December 2021 , the song charted at number 20 in the UK , also charting at number 30 on the Irish Singles Chart .
Music video
The official music video for `` One More Sleep '' was uploaded to Leona 's official VEVO account on 30 November 2013 . Lewis 's boyfriend Dennis Jauch appears in the video . Lewis said the video `` came from an idea we did a little while ago where a camera crew came into the studio and shot me and my friend just kinda messing around and just in the studio being me '' . Michael Cragg from The Guardian wrote that it does not matter what happens in the music video , as they believe that no Christmas single has ever had a good video . However , they further wrote that Lewis had `` ripped off '' Wham ! 's music video for `` Last Christmas '' .
Live performances
Lewis embarked on a promotional tour across Europe prior to the album 's release . On 9 November 2013 , Lewis performed `` One More Sleep '' and `` White Christmas '' for the first time at the Regent Street Christmas lights switch-on event in London , England . Other musical performers included Passenger and Eliza Doolittle . On 22 November , Lewis gave a free concert in Zurich , Switzerland , at the NRJ Energy Stars for Free Festival in front of audience of 13,000 people . The following evening , Lewis performed a short set at London 's G-A-Y nightclub .
In the United States , Lewis appeared on NBC 's The Today Show on 4 December in New York City to talk about the album . On the same day , they performed at the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree lighting event , where they performed `` White Christmas '' , `` One More Sleep '' and `` I Wish It Could Be Christmas Everyday '' . The following day on 5 December , Lewis made an appearance on Live ! with Kelly and Michael . Lewis performed `` One More Sleep '' live at the semi-finals of the tenth series of The X Factor on 8 December and again on This Morning on 13 December .
Leona performed `` I Wish It Could be Christmas Everyday '' on The Jonathan Ross Show and `` One More Sleep '' at ITV 's Daybreak . Lewis performed at The Tonight Show with Jay Leno , Billboard Studio Sessions and on The Today Show on 25 December . Also in the US , Leona appeared in NBA Promo for ABC and ESPN .
On 2 December 2018 , Lewis joined Scarlet Lee to perform `` One More Sleep '' , which would have been Scarlet 's winner 's song if they had won .
Formats and versions
Single release version
`` One More Sleep '' – 3:59
Streaming – Dance Remix
`` One More Sleep '' ( Cahill Remix ) – 3:47
Remixes – EP
`` One More Sleep '' – 4:01
`` One More Sleep '' ( Instrumental ) – 3:58
`` One More Sleep '' ( Cahill Club Mix ) – 6:07
`` One More Sleep '' ( Cahill Radio Edit ) – 3:47
Credits and personnel
Recording
Recorded and mixed at Biffco Studios , Brighton , and Angel Recording Studios , London .
Personnel
Songwriting – Leona Lewis , Richard Stannard , Iain James , Jez Ashurst , Bradford Ellis
Production – Richard `` Biff '' Stannard , Ash Howes
Vocal production – Richard Stannard , Ash Howes , Leona Lewis
Mixing – Richard Stannard
Recording – Biffco , Ash Howes
Keys and programming – Jez Ashurst , Richard Stannard , Ash Howes
Celli – Nick Holland
Drums – Freddy Sheed
Brass – Knight Time Horns
Trombone – Barnaby Dickinson
Trumpet – Graeme Flowers
Saxophone – James Knight
Strings – Led by Rolf Wilson , arranged and conducted by Cliff Masterson , booked by Roz Colls
Violins – Rolf Wilson , Simon Baggs , Steve Morris , Julian Leaper , Tom Piggot Smith , Richard George , Jonathan Hill , Laura Bruce White , Tim Grant , Reiad Chibah .
Violas – Greg Walmsley , Nerys Richards .
Background vocals – Katie Holmes , Kelli-Leigh Henry-Davila , Bianca Claxton
Choir vocals – Diva singers ( arranged and conducted by Cliff Masterson )
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Christmas , with Love . ( Syco , Sony , RCA ) .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2013 songs
Leona Lewis songs
Songs written by Leona Lewis
British Christmas songs
Songs written by Iain James
Songs written by Richard Stannard ( songwriter )
2013 singles
Songs written by Jez Ashurst
Song recordings produced by Richard Stannard ( songwriter )
Vintergatan ( Swedish name for the Milky Way or `` Winter Street '' ) were TV series broadcast in 2000 , 2001 , 2003 and 2010 by Sveriges Television and directed and written by Petter Bragée .
Vintergatan 5a
Vintergatan 5a was broadcast as `` Sommarlovsmorgon '' Monday–Friday 13 June–11 August 2000 .
Plot
Mira is forced by their father to go to Älguddens sommarkollo ( `` Älgudden Summer Camp '' ) . They go to Älgudden by taxi with two schoolmates Henrik and Glen . On the way , the engine breaks and they stay in the forest while Peo , the taxi driver , angrily tries to repair it . Suddenly they see a bright light and later they are beamed up to a spaceship where they meet a figure called Alien , who tells them how to control the spaceship and gives them several missions to collect raunkiær plant life-form from planets .
They go through black holes to complete Alien 's missions . They meet dangers on the spaceship as down on the planets . They visit 5 planets :
1 . `` Ökenplaneten Zoltzy '' ( `` The Desert Planet Zoltzy '' ) , where they must find a special moss and are near to be left forever .
2 . `` Skogsplaneten Filione '' ( `` The Forest Planet Filione '' ) , where they must find a special type of beetle and get Femman as a stowaway .
3 . `` Grottplaneten Zeryj '' ( `` The Cave Planet Zeryj '' ) , where they find a special type of fisk and are attacked by `` Grottmonstret '' ( `` the Cave monster '' ) .
4 . `` Havsplaneten Zinij '' ( `` The Sea Planet Zinij '' ) , where they must get a pod from a carnivorous plant and are attacked by one who shoots Glen with a dart so they become comatose for five days .
5 . `` Domedagsplaneten Krasnyj '' ( `` The Last Judgment Planet Krasnyj '' ) , where they must find a cylinder containing the entire history of planet and are attacked by `` mutants '' ( `` mutant '' in singular ) . One of them becomes beamed up to the spaceship and follows them back home to the Earth in the end .
Because they worked well together , they could complete the missions and return to Earth . Alien , who disappeared in the end out into space , gave them the missions for `` att ge vår planet och mänskligheten en ny chans att överleva '' ( `` giving our planet and the humans a new chance to survive '' ) .
In this TV series viewers could call the program and help the characters ; for example , someone told them that `` nedstrålningsplatsen var vid den brutna antennen som Peo kastade '' ( `` the down-beaming place was at the broken antenna which Peo threw '' ) when they needed help on `` Sandplaneten '' .
The next summer Vintergatan 5a was followed up by Vintergatan 5b .
Selected cast
Philoméne Grandin as Mira
Wilson D. Michaels as Glen
Pelle Hanæus as Henrik
Anders Linder as Peo and Kapten Zoom
Thomas Hellberg as Alien ( voice )
Jonas Sykfont as Femman
Per-Axel Gjöres as Taxi chief
Christina Göransson as Ulla , Peo 's wife
Vintergatan 5b
Vintergatan 5b was broadcast as `` Sommarlovsmorgon '' Monday–Friday 11 June–10 August 2001 . It followed up Vintergatan 5a which was broadcast as `` Sommarlovsmorgon '' the year before , and even in this TV series , viewers could call the program , for example when the characters needed help .
Plot
Peo 's wife Ulla has disappeared and they tell Mira , Glen , and Henrik to follow them out into space to try to find them When they visit `` Lavaplaneten '' ( `` The Lava Planet '' ) , Mira also disappears . In the TV series they also meet new characters , among them Irina Teresjkova ( who was beamed up from 1963 in their `` Sputnik '' ) , Benke Bengtsson and Gaia and Garsson ( who both work at a `` rymdmack '' ( `` space petrol station '' ) ) . They get material which may help them and in the end they know that Mira , and also Sjuan ( Femman 's younger sister , played by Bodil Ekelund ) , are kidnapped by `` figures with hats with lamps '' called `` fifuner '' ( `` fifun '' in singular ) on their planet `` Karichnivi '' . But Ulla is not there , instead , they have been sitting frozen down in a refrigerator in the machine room of the spaceship the whole summer . Femman found them but did n't say it until the end of the adventure because of `` Ingen frågade '' ( `` no one asked '' ) .
The new characters are played by Jonas Sykfont ( Femman/Benke Bengtsson/Garsson ) , Ingela Schale ( Irina ) and Inga Sarri ( Gaia ) .
`` Gaia '' is only the title of the space station owner . When Gaia and Garsson quit as owners , Peo and Ulla take over and are called `` Gaia '' ( `` Gaior '' in plural ) .
Again , they go through black holes to complete their mission . They meet dangers on the spaceship as down on the planets . They visit 5 planets :
`` Lavaplaneten Tjårnyj '' ( `` The Lava Planet Tjornyj '' ) , where they meet the pilgrim Melvis and finds out Mira is being kidnapped .
`` Skogsplaneten Filione '' ( `` The Forest Planet Filione '' ) , where they get to know the kidnappers are called `` Fifuner '' .
`` Sandplaneten Bely '' ( `` The Sand Planet Bely '' ) , where they find out the `` Fun-lab '' is being moved to another planet . They also meet Kubrik , who lives in a tent .
`` Poolplaneten '' ( `` The Pool Planet '' ) , where they get a map and coordinates towards the lab where their friends are being trapped . They also meet Kubrik 's brother , Rubrik , who also lives in a tent with their giant lobster Krakén .
`` Labbplaneten Karichnivi '' ( `` The Lab Planet Karichnivi '' ) , where they open all cages with the kidnapped creatures , including Mira and Sjuan .
Citation
Henrik claimed in the 4th program that `` Yuri Gagarin dog I en flygolycka för 37 år sen '' ( `` Yuri Gagarin died in a flying accident 37 years ago '' ) . But this claim was wrong because they died in 1968 . In 2001 , when this program aired , 1968 was 33 years ago , not 37 .
Tillbaka till VintergatanTillbaka till Vintergatan ( `` Back to the Milky Way '' ) was broadcast in 2003 , but has been reprised several times . It is a cropped version of Vintergatan 5a and 5b . Now Peo is Gaia at the space station and they tell Garsson , who visits him , about the adventures during the summers of 2000 and 2001 .
Vid Vintergatans slutVid Vintergatans slut ( `` At the end of the Milky Way '' ) followed up Vintergatan 5a and 5b and was first broadcast on 30 January 2010 , then on Saturdays . It was produced , by Anagram Produktion , during the spring of 2009 .
Plot
Vid Vintergatans slut takes place almost 20 years after Vintergatan 5a and 5b . Mira ( Philoméne Grandin ) has now been the mother to the 13-year-old girl Billie ( Fanny Ketter ) and they live a good life on the Earth . Peo 's ( Anders Linder ) and Ulla 's ( Christina Göransson ) time as `` Gaior '' is soon finished , but the calm at Milky Way ( `` Vintergatan '' ) is over . Every space figure is threatened . Ulla disappears again and the worried Peo sends the cargo ship pilot Pax ( Sanna Persson Halapi ) to the Earth for getting Mira who may help him . But instead , Pax by mistake gets Billie , Mira 's daughter . Almost at the same time Pax returns to the space station , Peo has been near to be murdered by the `` fun '' captain Storm ( Per-Axel Gjöres ) who works in `` Triumvirate '' together with Professor ( Eva Westerling ) , Lennartsson ( André Wickström ) and Greven ( Anders Jansson ) . The storm blows up the space station but Peo saves themselves in an emergency capsule before it 's too late .
They visit 2 planets and one asteroid :
1 . `` Bergsplaneten Ürgüp '' ( `` The Mountain Planet Ürgüp '' ) , where they meet `` ürgüpper '' ( in English `` ürgüps '' ) and find the Palace of the Count . Mira once again gets kidnapped by the `` Fifuner '' .
2 . `` Skogsplaneten Filione '' ' '' ( `` The Forest Planet Filione '' ) , where they get help from Kapten Zoom and Femman .
3 . `` Svarta Asteroiden ' '' ( `` The Black Asteroid '' ) , where they paralyze the `` Triumvirate '' and get Mira and Ulla out of the cages .
Selected cast
Fanny Ketter as BilliePhilomène Grandin as MiraSanna Persson Halapi as PaxAnders Jansson as GrevenEva Westerling as ProfessornAndré Wickström as LennartssonPer-Axel Gjöres as StormAlexander Karim as CronaJohan Wester as Billie 's teacher ''
References
External links
Official website
Vintergatan videos on YouTube
Interview with the director Petter Bragée
Vintergatan Quiz
Swedish children 's television series
Swedish science fiction television series
Sveriges Television original programming
2000s Swedish television series
2010s Swedish television series
2000 Swedish television series debuts
Swedish-language television shows
The Julio César Salas Municipality is one of the 23 municipalities ( municipios ) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Mérida and , according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , the municipality has a population of 15,300 . The town of Arapuey is the shire town of the Julio César Salas Municipality .
History
Its origins date back to 1915 when the area was designated as Arapuey Village . With the construction of the Pan-American Highway , it gained importance and became Julio César Salas Foreign Municipality , linked to the former Miranda District ( today Miranda Municipality ) . Then , in 1988 , it became Julio César Salas Autonomous Municipality . On January 15 , 1992 , the administration of Palmira Parish of Miranda Municipality was transferred to Julio César Salas Municipality . Historically , the northern territory has remained in dispute with Zulia State which sees it as an integral part .
Geography
It is the northernmost municipality of Mérida . It is divided into two regions , a plateau formed by its proximity to Lake Maracaibo and another mountainous area located in the Venezuelan Andes . Elevations range from 80m in the north to 2,000m in the south , in the Andean foothills . The north is in a tropical moist forest biome , and the rest of the municipality is a submontane moist forest . Temperatures vary between 25 °C and 32.5 °C and average annual precipitation is 1,000mm . The main waterways are the Alguacil , Arapuey and Quince rivers .
Demographics
The Julio César Salas Municipality , according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , has a population of 15,300 ( up from 12,569 in 2000 ) . This amounts to 1.8 % of the state 's population . The municipality 's population density is .
Government
The mayor of the Julio César Salas Municipality is Silvio Luis Torres Vasquez , elected on October 31 , 2004 , with 50 % of the vote . They replaced Antonio Vielma shortly after the elections . The municipality is divided into two parishes ; Julio César Salas and Palmira .
See also
Arapuey
Mérida
Municipalities of Venezuela
References
External links
juliocesarsalas-merida.gob.ve
Municipalities of Mérida ( state )
Acer diabolicum , the horned maple or devil maple , is a species of maple that is endemic to central and southern Japan . There it is known as カジカエデ , kaji kaede or オニモミジ , onimomiji , and is planted as an ornamental . It is occasionally planted as an ornamental outside Japan . It gets its specific epithet and its common names from the two hornlike appearance of the protruding curly stigmas of its flowers , which are retained on its winged seeds .
Description
In the wild in Japan , Acer diabolicum typically reaches 10 to 15m , rarely 20m , with a fairly wide , rounded canopy . Young branches are brown or reddish brown in their second year and changing to a light grayish brown . Older bark is grayish brown , and nearly smooth or slightly pebbled . In its bark it somewhat resembles members of the snakebark maples ( Acer sect . Macrantha ) , but it is a member of Acer sect . Lithocarpa .
The winter buds are ovate to oblong-ovate , dark brown in color , and protected by 6 to 8 pairs of pubescent scales . Petioles are long and slender from 4 to 10cm , with some pubescence at their apices . The deciduous leaves have five lobes , and are from 10 to 12 centimetres in length and breadth . They are cordate or subcordate , and rarely basally truncate . The lobes are broadly ovate , acuminate , and distally dentately serrate , or one might say crenately dentate , with the teeth broadly acute or even obtusish . The middle lobe is larger and itself frequently slightly three-lobed . The two basal lobes are smaller to have perhaps one or two teeth on their margins . Young leaves have long silky caducous hairs , and retain some pubescence on their undersides at maturity .
The trees are dioecious , with the usual salmon to brick-red flowers appearing in early spring before the leaves fully unfurl . Staminate ( male ) flowers are held in 8 to 10 flowered nodding fascicle-like racemes . The slender pedicels are pilose or glabrate and from 2 to 4cm long . The perianth is broadly campanulate and typically 4mm long , with 4 to 8 unequal lobes . There are eight 8mm long stamens , and no petals . Anthers are oval .
Pistillate ( female ) flowers are held in 5 to 7 flowered pendulous sessile or peduncled racemes , and are 2 to 3cm long . Their pedicels are 5 to 10mm long . The sepals are elliptic , obtuse , and 5 to 6mm long . The petals are oblong , ovaries are densely pubescent , styles are short with two curled stigmas projecting past the petals .
The typically 3cm long samaras hang from pendulous racemes , and drop in October . Bristles sheath the area containing the seeds , supporting the retained curly stigmas which have a hornlike appearance . It is these horns which give the plant its scientific and common names .
Distribution and habitat
Acer diabolicum is found growing on wooded mountain slopes exclusively on Honshu , Shikoku and Kyushu islands of Japan . It is generally rare , preferring the warmer conditions of the Pacific side .
Cultivation and uses
Seeds from the purplish-red flowered purpurascens variety or form of Acer diabolicum were sent to botanical gardens in Britain and the United States in the late 1800s and early 1900s . As a consequence , the more common pinkish-red flowered form is still difficult to obtain from commercial nurseries . In springtime , the emerging foliage and male flowers are reddish and rather striking , especially on the purpurascens form . In the US it makes a sturdy tree , and it does best in USDA Plant Hardiness Zones 6a to 8b . In Zone 5 it will probably need to be planted on a south slope or otherwise protected place . Its wide growth form largely precludes it from being planted on street parkways , but the fact that it , unlike most maples , has male and female individuals it makes it useful to plant males in landscape and garden applications where seedlings are not desired . The flowers attract pollinators .
In Japan it is planted as an ornamental , and its timber was used like other maples . In its large leaves and its growth form it is similar in landscape application to the sycamore ( Acer pseudoplatanus ) . The similarity to the sycamore and its rather ordinary yellow to orange fall foliage have discouraged its widespread adoption as an ornamental outside Japan .
Notes
References
diabolicum
Endemic flora of Japan
Trees of Japan
Dioecious plants
Ornamental trees
Plants described in 1864
Hany Abdel Gawad El-Banna OBE ( born 9 December 1950 ) is the co-founder of Islamic Relief , the largest Western-based international Muslim relief and development NGO , established in 1984 in Birmingham , UK .
Education and Islamic Relief
Born in Egypt , El-Banna completed their MBBCh Medicine at Al Azhar University , Cairo , where they also obtained a Diploma in Islamic Studies in 1976 . El-Banna was awarded the Hamilton Bailey Prize in Medicine at City hospital ( previously known as Dudley Road ) in 1981 , Birmingham UK . They then went on to further their medical training and completed a Doctorate of Medicine ( MD ) in foetal pathology from the University of Birmingham Medical School in 1991 . A pathologist by education , El-Banna attended a medical conference in Sudan in 1983 during a time of famine in the region . The poverty and desperation they witnessed compelled them to return to the UK and set up Islamic Relief as an organisation to help people in need .
Muslim Charities Forum and Zakat House
Since leaving Islamic Relief in 2008 , El-Banna founded the Muslim Charities Forum ( MCF ) , of which they are chairperson and The Humanitarian Forum where they are President of the board of trustees . The Humanitarian Forum seeks to foster partnerships and closer co-operation among the humanitarian and charitable organisations from Muslim countries and their Western counterparts . More recently they founded the International HIV Fund , an organisation to build and improve networks of HIV organisations and Zakat House , a social enterprise helping new and growing charities . El-Banna has visited over 60 countries on behalf of these organisations .
El-Banna is also a Chairman of Muslim Charities Forum ( MCF ) a registered charity that aims to improve British Muslim charities ' contribution to international development by promoting the exchange of experience , ideas and information amongst the members , between networks of NGOs in the UK and internationally , with the Governments , and other bodies with the interest in international development .
The organisation has been the subject of controversy in the United Kingdom . It was stripped of £250,000 in funding from the British government for its alleged ties to extremist organisations , and has been described in the British media as `` an umbrella group for a number of leading Islamic charities , some of which allegedly have links to the Muslim Brotherhood , Hamas and other terrorist organisations . ''
Some of its members are also members of the Union of Good , an umbrella organisation consisting of over 50 Islamic charities and funds . It has also been named a Specially Designated Global Terrorist by the US Department of the Treasury .
According to The Guardian , MCF and its members “ fiercely deny any links to terrorism . ''
In 2014 , the Charity Commission announced a change in policy to allow the public naming of charities which were under investigation by the regulator . The announcement was met with concerns of damaging the reputations of charities before any conclusions were reached . Speaking on behalf of the Muslim Charities Forum , El-Banna stated that they welcomed further scrutiny and transparency , whilst also warning of the possible alternative outcomes , writing : We call for the immediate repeal of this policy . This could damage the reputation of charities that have not committed any wrongdoing , bringing their activities under intense media scrutiny and creating public uncertainty before due process . We are also concerned that disclosing an investigation may damage relationships with donors and partners critical to our work for our beneficiaries in the UK and around the world .
Awards
El-Banna was awarded the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II in 2004 ; in the same year they received Ibn Khaldun Award for Excellence in Promoting Understanding between Global Cultures and Faiths within the UK . It was also in 2004 that the Egyptian Medical Syndicate awarded them for their services to humanity and medicine . In 2005 they received the Kashmiri and Pakistani Professional Association Award and in 2006 they were awarded the Asian Jewel Lifetime Achievement Award . Acknowledging their worldwide work and influence in 2007 , the UK Muslim Power 100 awarded them with their lifetime achievement award and the University of Birmingham has awarded them an honorary doctorate .
In January 2013 , they were nominated for the Muslim in the Community award at the British Muslim Awards .
Centre for Interfaith Action on Global Poverty
They were a Founding Partner and Board of Trustees member and President of the Centre for Interfaith Action on Global Poverty ( CIFA ) but no longer appears to be associated with CIFA .
References
External links
Dr Hany El Banna at the Center for Interfaith Action
Humanitarian Forum Trustees : Dr Hany El Banna
Mosaic : Dr Hany El Banna OBE
1950 births
Living people
Egyptian emigrants to the United Kingdom
English Muslims
Al-Azhar University alumni
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
USCGC Hemlock ( WAGL-217 ) was a lighthouse tender in commission in the fleet of the United States Lighthouse Service as USLHT Hemlock from 1934 to 1939 , and in the fleet of the United States Coast Guard as USCGC Hemlock from 1939 to 1958 . During World War II , they were given the additional designation ( WAGL-217 ) .
History
They were laid down in 1933 at the Seattle shipyard of the Berg Shipbuilding Company . They were specifically designed for Alaska with a double-bottom and larger fuel tanks . They were launched on 23 January 1934 , acquired by the United States Lighthouse Service in March 1934 , and commissioned later that year . Assigned to the 16th Lighthouse District , they worked as a lighthouse tender in the waters surrounding the Territory of Alaska . On 1 July 1939 , the U.S. Lighthouse Service was abolished and the United States Coast Guard took over its responsibilities and assets ; and Hemlock became part of the Coast Guard fleet as USCGC Hemlock . They continued to operate out of Ketchikan , Territory of Alaska as their home-port .
During World War II , they were assigned to the Alaska Sector of the 13th Naval District ( headquartered at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard ) where they were one of the few ships then in newly-appointed Captain R.C . Parker 's small `` Alaskan Navy '' which consisted of the gunboat and flagship , the cutter , three converted patrol craft ( , , ) , and their sister lighthouse tenders , and USCG Cedar . They were decommissioned in 1958 . They were sold on August 2 , 1961 and later served as a merchant ship .
References
1934 ships
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
Ships of the United States Lighthouse Service
Lighthouse tenders of the United States
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Ships of the Aleutian Islands campaign
Ships built in Seattle
Ticktack or Tick-Tack , is an historical English tables game for two players using a board similar to that used today for Backgammon and other tables games . Like its much more elaborate French counterpart , Trictrac , it has the unusual feature that there are several different ways in which it can be won , including Toots and Rovers .
History
Ticktack is mentioned as early as 1586 as a game played by English country gentlemen in inclement weather along with three other games of the tables family : Lurch , Irish and Doublets . The earliest and only comprehensive set of rules appeared in 1672 by Willughby . However , Cotton gives an overview in The Compleat Gamester of 1674 , an account which was reprinted until 1754 , after which the game faded from view , being reported in Halliwell-Phillips ( 1881 ) as archaic .
Name
Willughby says that the name Ticktack came from the rule that if a man is touched , it must be played . Cotton agrees and likens it to `` touch '' and `` take '' . However , the game appears to be related to French Trictrac – there are several common features – which was commonly thought to derive from the rattling noise of the dice being thrown against the side rail of the board , however , Fiske suggests it may be `` merely alliterative reduplication ( having reference to the route taken by the men ) , signifying a forward and back movement after the manner of 'zig-zag ' ; or it may be the application ... of an onomatopoetic word already existing ( signifying any sharp , clattering sound ) . ''
Players and equipment
Ticktack was a game for two players using two dice and 15 men apiece , and played on a tables board ( see illustration ) with 12 playing positions or points on each side . In Willughby 's diagram of the board , the points are numbered from 1 to 12 on each side of the board , the numbers running in parallel . They refer to the board as having two tables , which are the two halves of the board – left and right .
Rules
The notation used in Willughby 's original MS is illustrated . In this case , Black sits at the top and assembles all 15 men on the home point : the 1 point at the top in this case . White sits at the bottom and assembles all 15 white pieces likewise on point 1 at the bottom of the board .
Black 's aim is to move the 15 black pieces clockwise around the board from their first point along the remaining 11 points on the home side and then in the reverse direction on the far side of the board towards the bearing table before bearing them off . Meanwhile , White moves anticlockwise from point 1 to point 12 on the home side , then around to the far side of the board to the bearing table on Black 's side and bears off from there .
To move their men , players roll the dice and assign each roll to one man , moving it the corresponding number of points forward . Two rolls may be combined e.g . a 4 and 3 may be used to move a man 7 points . Men may move to any point except one occupied by two or more opposing men .
Willughby explains certain terms :
Taking a point means playing 2 men onto it in the same turn ( it therefore can not be occupied by the opponent 's men nor can its men be 'hit ' ) .
Binding a man is to add a second man to a point already occupied by a man of the same colour .
Binding at length is when this is done using two throws for one man .
Playing at length is simply to use two throws for one move .
Playing at Home is when a player is playing men on the nearest side . Also called playing in their owne Tables .
Playing from Home means moving all the men out from the starting point and off around the board .
A blot is one man on a point and within 12 or fewer points of opposing men .
A blot of a die is one man on a point within 6 or fewer points of opposing men .
Hitting a blot is playing a man onto a point occupied by just one adverse man .
A point may be occupied by as many men as a player desires . A man may be played to any vacant point ; or to one that has men of the same colour or to one that is occupied by just one enemy man . A point occupied by two or more opposing men may not be played to nor may a man be 'played at length ' ( moved by the sum of two dice ) if the intermediate point is so occupied .
Winning
An unusual feature of Ticktack is that there are five different ways of winning :
Hitting a blot . This is the most common and is worth a single game .
Tootes or Toots . Strictly this is when all the points in the last quadrant ( the home quadrant ) are taken by the player . However taking all the points in any of the four quadrants is a win and scores double . Optional .
Rovers . If a player can occupy the 12th and 13th points from home with one man each and no other men have left the home point ( point 1 ) , this wins double . Optional .
Two Corners . If a player either takes points 12 and 13 or points 1 and 24 ( the opponent 's point 1 in Willughby 's notation ) simultaneously , that player wins a double game . Keeping two men on point 1 is called keeping your sweetheart ; if a player is forced to move one of them it is called breaking your sweetheart or losing your sweetheart .
Bearing Off . If a player is able to bear off all 15 men over point 24 the game is won double . Willughby suggest this is very rare .
If a player fails to spot that they could win , the opponent may say `` Why not ? '' and claim the victory . A player may also raise by saying `` I vie '' , whereupon the opponent must concede the game or hold by saying `` I see it . '' The first vie doubles the game , the second trebles it and so on .
Variation
Cotton described a slightly different scheme . In the `` plain game '' , players win a single game for hitting a blot or a double game either for filling up all the points in their second table or for taking the adversary 's point 11 . Cotton states that some play the game with Toots ( = Toutes above ) , Boveries ( = Rovers ) and Flyers . Boveries means having a man on one 's own and one 's opponents point 11s . The last named feat is that of bringing a man around the tables before the opponent has moved out of the first table on the opponent 's home side . Cotton does not mention bearing off . In summary , Cotton 's scheme is :
Hitting a blot - single win
Filling the 2nd table - double win
Point 11 - double win
Toots ( filling the 1st table ) – optional
Boveries – optional
Flyers – optional
Related games
Several sources equate Ticktack to the French game of Trictrac . which , although it has similar features , is considerably more complicated . It is possible , however , that Ticktack evolved as a simplified version of Trictrac .
Footnotes
References
Literature
Baird , Caroline ( 2020 ) . Games and Gaming in Early Modern Drama : Stakes and Hazards . Palgrave Macmillan .
Boyer , Abel ( 1714 ) . The Compleat French Master . London : Richard Sore .
Cotton , Charles ( 1674 ) . The Compleat Gamester . London : A.M. OCLC 558875155 .
Fiske , Willard ( 1905 ) . [ https : //archive.org/details/chessinicelandin00fiskuoft/page/172/mode/2up Chess in Iceland and in Icelandic Literature : with Historical Notes on Other Table-Games . ] Florence : The Floretine Typographical Society .
Forgeng , Jeff ; Johnston , Dorothy ; Cram , David , eds . ( 2003 ) . Francis Willughby 's Book of Games . Farnham : Ashgate . ISBN 1-85928-460-4 . ( Critical edition of Willughby 's volume containing descriptions of games and pastimes , c.1660–1672 . Manuscript in the Middleton collection , University of Nottingham ; document reference Mi LM 14 )
Lee , Sir Sidney ( 1890 ) . Stratford on Avon : From the Earliest Times to the Death of Shakespeare . Seeley and Co .
Willughby , Francis ( 1672 ) Manuscript in the Middleton collection , University of Nottingham ; document reference Mi LM 14 .
External links
Game Report : Ticktack – reconstruction and evaluation based on Willughby .
Historical tables games
16th-century board games
British board games
391001–391100
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
391101–391200
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
391201–391300
|-id=257
| 391257 Wilwheaton || || Wil Wheaton ( born 1972 ) , an American actor and writer ||
| }
391301–391400
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
391401–391500
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
391501–391600
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
391601–391700
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
391701–391800
|-id=795
| 391795 Univofutah || || The University of Utah is the flagship institution of higher learning in Utah , United States . ||
| }
391801–391900
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
391901–392000
|-id=988
| 391988 Illmárton || || Márton Ill ( 1930–2015 ) , a Hungarian astronomer and space scientist . ||
| }
References
391001-392000
The 2011 Indian Volley League season was the debut season of the Indian Volley League , established by Volleyball federation of India in 2011 . The season commenced on 29 May 2011 till 24 June 2011 . First season was won by Chennai Spikers .
Chennai Spikers were the champions of the inaugural edition of the Indian Volley League .
Teams
Six teams took part in first season of the Indian Volley League .
Points table
Awards
Matches and results
Bangalore
Venue : Sree Kanteerva Indoor Stadium
| }
Chennai
Venue : Jawaharlal Nehru Indoor Stadium
| }
Yenam
Venue : YSR Indoor Stadium
| }
Hyderabad
Venue : Kotla Vijay Bhaskar Reddy Indoor Stadium
| }
References
National volleyball leagues
Volleyball competitions in India
2011 in Indian sport
Cheshmeh Khurzan ( , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khūrzan ; also known as Chashmeh and Cheshmeh Moshg Abad ) is a village in Moshkabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 341 , in 124 families .
References
Populated places in Arak County
Dreadlocks Ltd is a Czech video game developer based in Prague . The company 's first game , Rune Legend , was the winner of 5th AppParade . The company was officially formed in 2011 . The company 's most recent release is Dex , an action role-playing game .
History
Dreadlocks are established in 2011 by a group of students from Czech Technical University in Prague . The idea of forming a studio was based on a game engine created by them for their bachelor work . Their first project was Rune Legend , a mobile game that was released in 2012 . The studio then focused on creating a game titled Enlightened , but its development was suspended when the company acquired a team that worked on the video game Dex , which was successfully funded through Kickstarter and released in May 2015 .
Ghost Theory , a horror ghost hunting game , was announced at the Game Developers Session 2015 and was scheduled to be released in Q4 2017 . In April 2016 , the crowdfunding project went live on Kickstarter . In January 2019 , the project stalled as the developers have made a game engine switch from Unity to CryEngine . Dreadlocks underwent financial problems after failing to get funding from Crytek 's Indie Development Fund . The studio decided to focus on smaller projects to fund the further development of Ghost Theory .
British subsidiary
The company also has a United Kingdom subsidiary which is based in Northampton that serves as help with legal issues and an earlier availability of certain technologies or services to British developers . An example is a Kickstarter campaign for Dex .
Mobile division
In May 2017 , Dreadlocks acquired Silicon Jelly , the team responsible for the Mimpi video game series . Silicon Jelly became Dreadlocks Mobile .
Games
Developed by Dreadlocks Mobile/Silicon Jelly
References
External links
English version of company site
Video game companies of the Czech Republic
Video game companies established in 2011
Companies based in Prague
Czech companies established in 2011
Video game development companies
Towchal ( ) may refer to :
Towchal , Semnan
Towchal , Tehran
The men 's 400 metres hurdles event at the 2010 Asian Games was held at the Aoti Main Stadium , Guangzhou , China on 24–25 November .
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time ( UTC+08:00 )
Records
Results
Legend
DNF — Did not finish
DNS — Did not start
DSQ — Disqualified
Round 1
Qualification : First 3 in each heat ( Q ) and the next 2 fastest ( q ) advance to the final .
Heat 1
Heat 2
Final
References
Results
Athletics at the 2010 Asian Games
2010
The UK R & B Albums Chart is a weekly chart , first introduced in October 1994 , that ranks the 40 biggest-selling albums that are classified in the R & B and Hip hop genres in the United Kingdom . The chart is compiled by the Official Charts Company , and is based on sales of CDs , downloads , vinyl and other formats over the previous seven days .
The following are the number-one albums of 2016 .
Number-one albums
Notes
- The album was simultaneously number-one on the UK Albums Chart .
- The artist was simultaneously number-one on the R & B Singles Chart .
See also
List of UK Albums Chart number ones of the 2010s
List of UK R & B Singles Chart number ones of 2016
References
External links
R & B Albums Top 40 at the Official Charts Company
UK Top 40 RnB Albums at BBC Radio 1
2016 in British music
United Kingdom RandB Albums
2016
George Onésime Philémon Clavet ( August 29 , 1843 ( or 1845 ) – July 11 , 1909 ) was a merchant and politician in Ontario , Canada . They served as mayor of Port Arthur from 1903 to 1904 and from 1906 to 1907 .
Clavet was born in Saint-Michel-de-Bellechasse , Canada East and came to northwestern Ontario to work as a clerk in a grocery store at Silver Islet in 1871 . They opened their own store in Prince Arthur 's Landing ( later Port Arthur ) in 1875 . They represented Island Ward for Shuniah municipality from 1881 to 1885 ; Clavet was appointed councillor in 1881 after no candidates in that ward received any votes .
Clavet was acting mayor of Port Arthur from 1900 to 1902 after George Hugh Macdonell left to pursue business interests in Manitoba . During their time as mayor , significant improvements were made to the drinking water and sewage systems of the town and Waverley Park was acquired from the province . They were the first mayor of Port Arthur after it became a city in 1907 .
They died in Port Arthur in 1909 .
Clavet Street in Thunder Bay was named in their honour .
References
1840s births
1909 deaths
Mayors of Port Arthur , Ontario
Shweta Deepak Bishnoi ( born 12 August 1992 at Hanumangarh , Rajasthan ) is a Rajasthani cricketer . They are a right-handed batsman and bowls right-arm medium pace . They played for Rajasthan , Madhya Pradesh and Central zone . They have played 2 First-class , 33 List A and 29 Women 's Twenty20 matches . They made their debut in major domestic cricket in a one-day match on 12 October 2007 against Vidarbha .
References
1992 births
Rajasthan women cricketers
Madhya Pradesh women cricketers
Central Zone women cricketers
Living people
People from Hanumangarh district
Rifat Rastoder ( born 11 July 1950 in Radmanci , Berane , Montenegro , then a part of SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin politician , writer and journalist of Bosniak ethnicity . They were the deputy speaker of the Parliament of Montenegro and the vice-president of the Social Democratic Party of Montenegro .
Biography
In 1969 , Rastoder moved to Titograd ( today 's Podgorica ) where they continue to live to this day . They became a professional journalist in 1980 . Until 1986 , they worked for Radio Crne Gore as a journalist , program editor and the editor of the programming block . In 1990 , they were voted Best Journalist . By late 1996 , they had become a journalist and editor of the interior-political rubric and commentator for the Pobjeda newspaper . From 1991 , they were a journalist and editor in the weekly news magazine Monitor , along with one of the initiators of founding Radio Antena M .
Politically , they were one of the founders and vice-presidents of the Civic Movement since 1990 . They are also a member of the board of the Civic Forum and is one of the founders of the Social Democratic Party of Montenegro , of which they were vice-president .
They were chosen as representative in the Parliament four times , and deputy speaker of the Parliament for three mandates of which they served under Svetozar Marović , Filip Vujanović and Ranko Krivokapić . They served as acting President of Montenegro from 19 to 22 May 2003 .
Besides speaking their native language , they also speak Russian and to a lesser degree , English .
Works
Crvena mrlja ( 1990 ; co-author )
Usud imena
Pravo na ime
Trivia
Their relative , Šerbo Rastoder , is a prominent historian .
References
External links
Biography ( in Montenegrin )
1950 births
Living people
People from Berane
Bosniaks of Montenegro
Social Democratic Party of Montenegro politicians
Members of the Parliament of Montenegro
Presidents of Montenegro
Montenegrin writers
Pumpenmeister ( mil . rank : Maat ) Wilhelm Heidkamp ( 20 January 1883 – 5 October 1931 ) was a German sailor who fought in World War I .
Biography
Heidkamp was born in Herkenrath and joined the Imperial German Navy as a machinist in 1902 . They were transferred to in 1912 .
They were a Petty Officer ( equiv ) on Seydlitz during the Battle of the Dogger Bank in January 1915 . During the battle , the ship was hit by gunfire from that knocked out both rear turrets and caused a cordite flash-over . Heidkamp prevented their ship from exploding by flooding the magazines . They turned the valves even though they were glowing red-hot . During this action their hands and lungs were severely injured , and they would die of consequent lung disease in 1931 .
After their recovery , Heidkamp continued to serve on Seydlitz until its scuttling in Scapa Flow on 21 June 1919 . Thereafter , Heidkamp became a prisoner of war , from which they returned to Germany in 1920 . After the war Heidkamp took over their father 's grocery store in Untereschbach . Heidkamp was married and had four children .
The German Type 1936 destroyer Z21 Wilhelm Heidkamp was named in their honour . A street in Immekeppel is also named after him .
See also
Francis Harvey
Aldar Tsydenzhapov
References
Fritz-Otto Busch , Deutsche Seekriegsgeschichte ( 1936 )
German prisoners of war in World War I
Imperial German Navy personnel of World War I
1883 births
1931 deaths
Werner Lucas Maier ( born 1966 in Bad Hersfeld ) is a former German American football player . They have been president of the Munich Cowboys since 2006 .
Biography
Maier moved to Munich in 1981 . After finishing their secondary education with the abitur in 1987 they studied jurisprudence at the University of Augsburg and at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich .
After moving to Munich they started playing football in the Munich Rangers ' youth team . From 1985 to 1995 they played in the German Football League , and was also team captain in 1992 , when the team placed second in 1993 , when they won the German Bowl . During their years of study they also worked as an editorial assistant of American football for some TV broadcasters , and later as a football referee and university sports speaker of flag football . Apart from that they organized separate football events .
Maier has been working as a lawyer in their own firm since 1997 .
References
1966 births
Living people
People from Bad Hersfeld
Sportspeople from Kassel ( region )
German players of American football
German Football League players
American football officials
21st-century German lawyers
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich alumni
University of Augsburg alumni
`` Watching Rainbows '' is an unreleased song by the Beatles recorded on 14 January 1969 during the Get Back sessions at Twickenham Studios . It features John Lennon on lead vocal and electric piano , Paul McCartney on lead guitar , and Ringo Starr on drums . No bass guitar was present as McCartney was filling in for the absent George Harrison , who had temporarily left the group at that stage of the sessions . The song is played in two chords and has since been compared to `` I Am the Walrus '' and `` I 've Got a Feeling '' for the similarities in the song 's lyrics and structure .
Composition and background
`` Watching Rainbows '' is an improvised song written by John Lennon and credited to Lennon–McCartney . It was never released and can only be heard on bootlegs . The track was recorded at Twickenham Studios on 14 January 1969 by producer George Martin during the Get Back sessions . `` Mean Mr. Mustard '' and the unreleased song `` Madman '' , which the Beatles ultimately abandoned after a few run-throughs were also recorded during the January session . The song features Paul McCartney on lead guitar because George Harrison had temporarily left the group at this stage of the sessions . The song has a two chord riff .
`` Watching Rainbows '' is very often associated with two other songs by the Beatles . One is the structurally similar McCartney tune `` I 've Got a Feeling '' , which the Beatles released on their final album Let It Be on 8 May 1970 . The other one is the single , `` I Am the Walrus '' , which had been released on 24 November 1967 , as the B-side of the hit single `` Hello Goodbye '' . `` I Am the Walrus '' was later released on their EP Magical Mystery Tour on 8 December 1967 . One of the most intelligible pieces of lyric in the song is the oft-repeated line `` Standing in the garden , waiting for the sun to shine '' , reminiscent of a line from the earlier Beatles tune , which contains the line `` Sitting in an English garden , waiting for the sun . '' Because of that slight similarity , the song is often interpreted as being derived from , or loosely inspired by , `` I Am the Walrus '' . The lyrics also feature the words `` shoot me '' , which Lennon later reused on their hit single `` Come Together '' . It begins with McCartney playing the lead guitar part from `` I 've Got a Feeling '' , while Lennon joins in and improvises three verses from `` I Am the Walrus '' . It leads into a chorus , but then evolves to a jam . Lyrically , the song is about man suffering from poverty who does n't just want to watch rainbows , but make their own . There is also a line concerning a relationship with a mother , which is echoed in Lennon 's song `` Mother '' , released by them in 1970 .
Reception
In a negative review , author Richie Unterbeger commented that `` Watching Rainbows '' is `` uninteresting '' and `` chunky '' and furthermore calling the track a `` throw-away '' . In a positive review , David Marchese of Vulture called the song `` another playful , jammy track from the Let It Be sessions '' .
Personnel
According to Kenneth Womack
John Lennon – electric piano , lead vocals
Paul McCartney – lead guitar
Ringo Starr – drums
References
The Beatles songs
Songs written by Lennon–McCartney
Unreleased songs
Koigu may refer to several places in Estonia :
Koigu , Valga County , village in Estonia
Koigu , Võru County , village in Estonia
AIR-INK is a proprietary brand of ink and composites products made by condensing carbon-based gaseous effluents generated by air pollution due to incomplete combustion of fossil fuels . Founded by Graviky Labs , a spin-off group of MIT Media Lab , AIR-INK produces its materials through a step-by-step process which primarily involves capturing of emissions , separation of carbon from the emissions , and then mixing of this carbon with different types of oils and solutions to achieve advanced material properties . It uses a patented device and technique called 'KAALINK ' to carry out the filtration of soot , which contains carbon and other polluting agents like heavy metals and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon .
AIR-INK is marketed as a solution to air pollution and its negative effects on human life , by allowing the print industry to offset its carbon . Dubbed as `` the first ink made out of recycled air pollution , '' its products were used in June 2016 in association with Heineken to create street art and murals in Hong Kong 's Sheung Wan district . 30–50 minutes of car pollution can supply enough carbon to fill one AIR-INK pen .
History
Anirudh Sharma , the founder of Graviky Labs , first conceived the idea of AIR-INK during an experiment at MIT , while designing a printer that could print with carbon nanoparticles . Sharma and their team spent close to three years researching how to purify and repurpose carbon soot from auto and factory emissions , a major contributor to air pollution and global carbon footprint . In 2013 , the Fluid Interfaces research group , at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology demonstrated the process of converting carbon residue into ink for use in an inkjet cartridge .
In 2016 , AIR-INK products were given to graphic artists in Hong Kong , which is known for its high air pollution , who were requested to paint murals . An artist who participated in this campaign said of the product , `` genius , and deserves a chance . ''
Technology
Soot composed of 2.5-micrometer black carbon particles found in petrol or diesel carbon emissions is captured from the tailpipes of cars and diesel generators through a device called 'Kaalink . ' A separate ensures that carbon particulate is recycled into safe inks without heavy metals/toxins A single Air Ink pen contains 30–50 minutes of air pollution . The emissions from 2,500 hours of driving one standard diesel vehicle produces about 150 litres of ink .
'Kaalink '
Kaalink is a cylindrical device that is retrofitted into a diesel generators ' exhaust system or exhaust pipe to collect the emissions . It can collect up to 93 % of the total exhaust , which is then processed to remove heavy metals and carcinogens . The end-product from this device is a purified carbon-based pigment . Kaalink has been tested on cars , trucks , motorcycles and fishing boats in Bangalore and Hong Kong . The company now has started to work on capturing pollution from static sources of emission such as diesel generators . Third party polluters also send in their PM2.5 pollution to Graviky 's recycling warehouses .
Some critics have proposed this device will act similar to a diesel particulate filter , which has been shown to increase back pressure on the engine , thereby marginally affecting the efficiency of the engine , resulting in a loss of power , decreased mileage , and increased emissions .
References
Further reading
External links
Companies based in Bangalore
Emissions reduction
Indian brands
Inks
Kickstarter-funded products
2016 establishments in Karnataka
Spring Hill is a historic home located at Ivy , Albemarle County , Virginia . The main house dates to about 1785 , and is a two-story , brick dwelling expanded in the 1870s and 1930s . The oldest building on the property is the brick field slave quarters , built about 1765 , and once served as the main house . Also on the property are a brick dairy and kitchen . The house is representative of the evolution and integration of academic and vernacular architectural styles covering over two centuries of Albemarle County settlement .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .
References
External links
Spring Hill Claim House , State Route 637 , Ivy , Albemarle County , VA : 5 measured drawing at Historic American Buildings Survey
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses completed in 1765
Houses in Albemarle County , Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County , Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Slave cabins and quarters in the United States
Khalifabad ( , also Romanized as Khalīfābād ) is a village in Karimabad Rural District , Sharifabad District , Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 125 , in 35 families .
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Laurent DeGive ( January 1828 in Belgium – March 17 , 1910 in Rockledge , FL ) was the Belgian consul in Atlanta , Georgia in the late 19th century . They arrived in Atlanta in 1859 . They built two opera houses in Atlanta , DeGive 's Opera House ( Bijou Theater ) , and DeGive 's Grand Opera House , which would later become Loew 's Grand Theatre , where Gone with the Wind premiered .
DeGive helped organize the Gate City Street Railroad Company in 1881 together with L. B. Wilson , A. M. Reinhardt and John Stephens . In 1884 they built a line which started at the Kimball House and went via Pryor , Wheat and Jackson Streets to Ponce de Leon Springs . The line operated until January 1887 , when it was sold .
DeGive is buried at Westview Cemetery in Atlanta , GA .
See also
DeGive 's Opera House
DeGive 's Grand Opera House
External links
Rita McInerney `` DeGive Family Colorful In City , Catholic History '' , Georgia Bulletin , May 20 , 1993
References
People from Atlanta
Belgian emigrants to the United States
1828 births
1901 deaths
Magna is the brand name of an acrylic resin paint , developed by Leonard Bocour and sold by Bocour Artist Colors , Inc. in 1947 . It is somewhat different from modern acrylic paint , as it is composed of pigments ground in an acrylic resin brought into emulsion through the use of solvents . Magna paint has more of a shine to it than most modern acrylic paint , a glossier finish . In 1960 , Bocour Artist Colors developed a water-borne acrylic paint named Aqua-Tec . Modern acrylic paint is water-soluble , while Magna is miscible with turpentine or mineral spirits , though both can dry rapidly to a matte or glossy finish . It was used by artists such as Barnett Newman , Morris Louis , and Roy Lichtenstein . Roy Lichtenstein used magna with oil paints .
Modern Equivalent
Golden Artist Colors produces Mineral Spirit Acrylics as a direct replacement for Magna . Any differences between the two are small , if any , and Roy Lichtenstein used them for that purpose . If anything , they thought the available color spectrum of MSA Conservation Color was better than Bocour 's Magna .
See also
Golden Artist Colors
Sam Golden
Liquitex
References
Further reading
External links
Art materials brands
Visual arts materials
Larry Donell Harris , Jr. ( 1985 – July 1 , 2010 ) was a United States Marine who posthumously received the Silver Star for their actions as Fire Team Leader with 81mm Mortar Platoon , Weapons Company , 3rd Battalion , 1st Marines during a firefight in Helmand Province , Afghanistan on July 1 , 2010 . Corporal Harris was buried in Fort Logan National Cemetery in Denver , Colorado .
Legacy
On May 19 , 2016 , at a ceremony onboard Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton , a Crucible obstacle related to improvised explosive devices was renamed `` Harris Trail '' , in honor of Corporal Harris .
See also
Larry Trail Dedication Ceremony
References
External links
1985 births
2010 deaths
American military personnel killed in the War in Afghanistan ( 2001–2021 )
Recipients of the Silver Star
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Iraq War
United States Marine Corps personnel of the War in Afghanistan ( 2001–2021 )
United States Marines
Meagher , Gummow & Lehane 's Equity : Doctrines and Remedies is a scholarly legal text originally composed by three Australian judges , Roderick Meagher , William Gummow and John Lehane . It is the preeminent publication on Equity in both Australia and England .
The book is now in its fifth edition . The current authors are Dyson Heydon QC ( former Justice of the High Court of Australia ) , Justice Mark Leeming ( a Judge of the New South Wales Court of Appeal ) and Dr Peter Turner ( a Fellow at the University of Melbourne ) .
The book is divided into the following parts :
The Background of Equity
The Basic Concepts of Equity
Assurances and Assignments
Unconscionable Transactions
Remedies
Deceased Estates
Equitable Defences
Miscellaneous Doctrines
Publishing details
RP Meagher , WMC Gummow and JRF Lehane , Equity , Doctrines and Remedies ( Butterworths , 1st ed , 1984 )
JD Heydon , MJ Leeming , PG Turner , Meagher , Gummow & Lehane 's Equity : Doctrine and Remedies ( LexisNexis , 5th ed , 2015 ) .
References
Law of Australia
Australian non-fiction books
Law books
Phyllonorycter diaphanella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Texas and Ohio in the United States .
The wingspan is about 6 mm .
The larvae feed on Quercus species , including Quercus bicolor and Quercus ilicifolia . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the underside of the leaf . The epidermis is wrinkled , so that the leaf is slightly bent . The parenchyma is entirely consumed , and the mine is transparent
References
diaphanella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1878
2009 Sagan Tosu season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J . League official site
Sagan Tosu
Sagan Tosu seasons
Margherita de L'Épine ( also Francesca Margherita de l'Épine ; c. 1680 – 8 August 1746 , London ) was an Italian soprano of the Baroque era . They were among the most popular and successful of London 's female singers in the years just before and after Italian opera became introduced to the city . Today , they are best remembered for their performances in the operas of George Frideric Handel , and their longstanding association with the composer Johann Pepusch , whom it seems they married around 1718 .
Life
After performing at Venice between 1698–1700 , de L'Epine arriving in London in possibly 1702 but for certain the following year as in May 1703 , they received twenty guineas `` for one day 's singing in ye play called ye Fickle Sheperdesse ; '' while their appearance at Lincoln's-Inn-Fields Theatre ( where they were to sing `` four of their most celebrated Italian songs '' ) on 1 June 1703 , though announced to be their last , was followed by another on 8 June , when a song called `` The Nightingale '' was added to their répertoire .
They had a relationship with Jakob Greber , although rumours of an affair ( 1703 ) with Daniel Finch , the Earl of Nottingham may just be based on Finch paying for them to visit their estate , although they also paid for their subscription .
They danced as well as sang , performing at Drury Lane from 1704–1708 , and then at the Queen 's Theatre from 1708-1714 . Them repertoire initially consisted of songs and cantatas by such diverse composers as Henry Purcell and Alessandro Scarlatti , but from 1706 they starred in such Italian operas as began to appear on London stages at this time , the most popular being Giovanni Bononcini 's Camilla , in which they replaced Catherine Tofts at the fourth performance , singing the role of the hero .
Them great success induced them to remain in London , and thus they became associated with the establishment of Italian opera in England . They first appeared at Drury Lane Theatre , 29 January 1704 , singing some of Greber 's music between the acts of the play . Thenceforth they frequently performed not only at that theatre but at the Haymarket and Lincoln 's Inn-Fields . They sang before and after the opera Arsinoe , in 1705 ; they similarly took part in Greber 's Temple of Love , 1706 , where , according to Burney , they were the principal singer ; in Thomyris , Queen of Scythia , 1707 , an opera partly arranged from Scarlatti and Buononcini , by Dr. Pepusch ; Camilla , where they played Prenesto , 1707 ; Pyrrhus and Demetrius , as Marius , 1709 ; Almahide , the first opera performed here wholly in Italian , 1710 ; Hydaspes , 1710 ; Calypso and Telemachus , 1712 ( as Calypso ) ; Handel 's Pastor Fido ( as Antiocchus , the music demanding much executive power ) , and Rinaldo , 1712 ; Teseo , 1713 ; and the pasticcios Ernelinda and Dorinda , 1713 . Them services were often engaged for the English operas at Lincoln 's Inn-Fields , until 1718 , when they married Dr. Pepusch and retired from the stage .
According to Downes , Margherita brought their husband at least 10,000 guineas . These `` costly canary birds , '' as Cibber called the Italians , increased their income ( 8 pounds . a week was a singer 's salary ) by performances at private houses and other special engagements . Margherita 's singing must have possessed great merit and cleverness , and was said to be superior to anything heard in England at the time . They had been joined in 1703 by their sister Maria Gallia , who , however , did not become equally popular , and their only important rival was Mrs. Tofts , an established favourite at Drury Lane .
On the second appearance of `` the Italian gentlewoman '' upon these boards , early in 1704 , a disturbance arose in the theatre . Mrs. Tofts 's servant was implicated , and Mrs. Tofts felt it incumbent upon them to write to the manager to deny having had any share in the incident . The jealousy between the two singers , whether real or imagined , now became the talk of the town and the theme of the poetasters . The fashionable world was divided into Italian and English parties . Hughes wrote :
Rowe , and others , wrote less pleasantly of `` Greber 's Peg '' or `` The Tawny Tuscan , '' and their conquests . Posterity has , notwithstanding , judged their character to be one of guileless good nature . The patience with which they endured the name `` Hecate , '' bestowed upon them in consideration of their ugliness by their husband , has been recorded by Burney .
Dr. and Mrs. Pepusch lived for some time at Boswell Court , Carey Street , where a singing parrot adorned the window . In 1730 they moved to a house in Fetter Lane . Margherita , advancing in years , `` retained their hand on the harpsichord , and was in truth a fine performer , '' so much so that amateurs would assemble to hear them play Dr. Bull 's difficult lessons out of Queen Elizabeth 's Virginal Book . It appears from a manuscript diary of S. Cooke , a pupil of Dr. Pepusch , that Mrs. Pepusch fell ill on 19 July 1746 , and that on 10 August following , `` in the afternoon , they went to Vauxhall with the doctor , Madame Pepusch being dead . '' They had been `` extremely sick '' the day before .
A replica in oils of Sebastian Ricci 's picture A Rehearsal at the Opera , containing a portrait of Margherita , is in the possession of Messrs. John Broadwood & Sons , the pianoforte-makers . In this group of musicians `` Margaritta in black with a muff '' ( as the title runs ) is short , dark-complexioned , but not ill-favoured . The original painting is at Castle Howard , the seat of the Earl of Carlisle in Yorkshire .
References
Attribution
Sources
Winton Dean : `` de l'Epine , Margherita '' , Grove Music Online ed L. Macy ( Accessed 9 March 2011 ) , grovemusic.com , subscription access .
Italian operatic sopranos
1746 deaths
17th-century births
Year of birth missing
17th-century Italian women opera singers
18th-century Italian women opera singers
Musicians from Tuscany
Thordisa hilaris is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae .
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1905
Ganlu ( 甘露 ) may refer to :
Towns in China
Ganlu , Jiangxi , in Gongqingcheng , Jiangxi
Ganlu , Sichuan , in Zizhong County , Sichuan
Historical eras
Ganlu ( 53–50 BC ) , era name used by Emperor Xuan of Han
Ganlu ( 256–260 ) , era name used by Cao Mao , emperor of Cao Wei
Ganlu ( 265–266 ) , era name used by Sun Hao , emperor of Eastern Wu
Ganlu ( 359–364 ) , era name used by Fu Jian ( 337–385 ) , emperor of Former Qin
See also
Sweet Dew incident , or Ganlu incident , an 835 palace coup in the Tang dynasty
Amrita , which is translated into Chinese as Ganlu
Archibald Liversidge FRS FRSE FRSNSW LLD ( 17 November 1847 – 26 September 1927 ) was an English-born chemist and a co-founder of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science .
Early life
Liversidge was born at Turnham Green , Chiswick , England , the son of John Liversidge of Bexley and their wife Caroline Sophia , née Jarratt . Liversidge was educated at a private school and by private tutors in science , and in 1866 went to the Royal College of Chemistry and Royal School of Mines . In 1867 Liversidge won a Royal exhibition and medals in chemistry , mineralogy and metallurgy . Liversidge became an associate of the School of Mines and in 1870 was awarded an open scholarship in science at Christ 's College , Cambridge . In 1870 Liversidge became a demonstrator of chemistry at the university laboratory .
Career in Australia
In 1872 Liversidge accepted the appointment of 'Reader in Geology and Assistant in the Laboratory ' at the University of Sydney and began their duties there early in 1873 . Liversidge became professor of geology and mineralogy in 1874 , and in 1876 they published The Minerals of New South Wales , being a reprint of a paper read at the Royal Society of New South Wales in December 1874 . A second and enlarged edition appeared in 1882 and a third edition in 1888 . Edward Rennie was a pupil and the two men were in contact until Liversidge 's death . In 1878 they visited the leading museums , universities and technical colleges of Europe , and by 1879 they had persuaded the senate to open a faculty of science . In 1880 their Report upon certain Museums for Technology , Science and Art , was published at Sydney . In this same year , Liversidge visited Europe as a trustee of the Australian Museum and their report helped to establish the Industrial , Technological and Sanitary Museum which formed the basis of the present Powerhouse Museum 's collection . In 1881 the title of their chair was altered to chemistry and mineralogy , and in 1891 to chemistry only . Liversidge was dean of the faculty of science from its foundation in 1882 until 1904 ; they also founded the school of mines at the University in 1892 .
Liversidge was deeply involved in the Royal Society of New South Wales ; they were a honorary secretary from 1874 to 1884 and 1886–88 , was its president in 1885 , 1889 and 1900 , and was for many years editor of the Society 's Journal and Proceedings . In 1888 Liversidge , after much preliminary work , founded the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science , was its honorary secretary from 1888 to 1909 and president in 1898 . Liversidge was chairperson of the original board of the Sydney technical museum , was a trustee of the Australian Museum at Sydney , and they founded the Sydney section of the Society of Chemical Industry in 1902 . Liversidge resigned their professorship at Sydney in December 1907 and became emeritus professor . In 1909 Liversidge returned to England and became vice-president of the Society of Chemical Industry , 1909–12 , and vice-president of the Chemical Society 1910–13 . Liversidge then lived in retirement at Fieldhouse , Kingston Hill and died on 26 September 1927 from a heart attack . They were unmarried .
Legacy
In addition to the works mentioned above , Liversidge published for the use of students Tables for Qualitative Chemical Analysis ( second edition 1903 ) . They also wrote over 100 papers on chemistry and mineralogy for scientific journals , many of which were issued as pamphlets , and during their stay in Australia they were an untiring worker in the cause of science . Joseph Maiden , in their `` History of the Royal Society of New South Wales '' , said of Liversidge that `` he practically re-founded the Society , organized its activities on proper lines , and made it the power for good it is to-day '' . Liversidge laid the foundations of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science , was an honorary secretary for 21 years , and retained their interest in the association after their retirement to England . Liversidge was elected a fellow of the Royal Society , London , in 1882 , was honorary fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh , and was given the honorary degree of LL.D . by Glasgow university . Under their will a sum of £2500 was left to the University of Sydney for scholarships and a research lectureship in chemistry .
The Faraday Division of the Royal Society of Chemistry issues a Liversidge Award , named in their honour .
Leptospermum liversidgei , a heath plant of eastern Australia , is named after Archibald Liversidge .
Notes
References
External links
1847 births
1927 deaths
People from Chiswick
English chemists
English geologists
Fellows of the Royal Society
A roundhouse is a type of house with a circular plan , usually with a conical roof . In the later part of the 20th century , modern designs of roundhouse eco-buildings were constructed with materials such as cob , cordwood or straw bale walls and reciprocal frame green roofs .
Europe
United Kingdom
Roundhouses were the standard form of housing built in Britain from the Bronze Age throughout the Iron Age , and in some areas well into the Sub Roman period . The people built walls made of either stone or of wooden posts joined by wattle-and-daub panels , and topped with a conical thatched roof . These ranged in size from less than 5m in diameter to over 15m . The Atlantic roundhouse , Broch , and Wheelhouse styles were used in Scotland . The remains of many Bronze Age roundhouses can still be found scattered across open heathland , such as Dartmoor , as stone 'hut circles ' .
Early archeologists determined what they believed were the characteristics of such structures by the layout of the postholes , although a few timbers were found preserved in bogs . The rest has been postulated by experimental archaeology , which has tried different techniques to demonstrate the most likely form and function of the buildings . For example , experiments have shown that a conical roof with a pitch of about 45 degrees would have been the strongest and most efficient design .
Peter J. Reynolds also demonstrated that , although a central fire would have been lit inside for heating and cooking , there could not have been a smoke hole in the apex of the roof , for this would have caused an updraft that would have rapidly set fire to the thatch . Instead , smoke would have been allowed to accumulate harmlessly inside the roof space , and slowly leak out through the thatch .
Many modern simulations of roundhouses have been built , including :
Must Farm revelations
Much of the earlier supposition was confirmed or denied at a stroke by the finding of a set of Bronze Age roundhouses at the archaeological dig at Must Farm in Cambridgeshire , UK , where samples of all the materials , from posts to walls , to roof were all found , collapsed and charred , but still in situ after 3 000 years .
Modern British roundhouses
That Roundhouse is an early example of a modern roundhouse dwelling which was built in Pembrokeshire Coast National Park , Wales without planning permission as part of the Brithdir Mawr village which was discovered by the authorities in 1998 . It is constructed from a wooden frame of hand-cut Douglas Fir forest thinnings with cordwood infill , and reciprocal frame turf roof based on permaculture principles mainly from local natural resources . It was subject to a lengthy planning battle including a court injunction to force its demolition before finally receiving planning approval for 3 years in September 2008 .
Ireland
Irish crannógs are located in Craggaunowen , Ireland ; the Irish National Heritage Park , in Wexford , Ireland
Italy
Trulli ( singular : trullo ) are houses with conical roofs , and sometimes circular walls , found in parts of the southern Italian region of Apulia .
Spain
Galicia – Asturias
Pallozas
A palloza is a traditional thatched house as found in Leonese county of El Bierzo , Serra dos Ancares in Galicia , and south-west of Asturias ; corresponding to Astur tribes area , one of pre Hispano-Celtic inhabitants of northwest Hispania . It is circular or oval , and about ten or twenty metres in diameter and is built to withstand severe winter weather at a typical altitude of 1,200 metres .
The main structure is stone , and is divided internally into separate areas for the family and their animals , with separate entrances . The roof is conical , made from rye straw on a wooden frame . There is no chimney , the smoke from the kitchen fire seeps out through the thatch .
As well as living space for humans and animals , a palloza has its own bread oven , workshops for wood , metal and leather work , and a loom . Only the eldest couple of an extended family had their own bedroom , which they shared with the youngest children . The rest of the family slept in the hay loft , in the roof space .
Castros
Russia
The Taganrog Round House is a residential apartment building in Taganrog , Rostov and was the first round house built in the USSR . The building is a modern round house built in 1929 and inhabited on 7 November 1932 . The shared toilet was outside the house , about 20 meters from it . Plumbing and sewerage were equipped in the apartments of the house only in the early 1960s . By the 80th anniversary of the round house in October 2012 , major repairs were carried out , and the anniversary itself was marked by a celebration held in the courtyard by the tenants of the house .
North America
Roundhouses were a common form of architecture in some Native American Tribes . Traditional roundhouses were often used for ceremonies `` and provided a large work area during inclement weather . '' The Chaw Se ' Roundhouse in California 's Indian Grinding Rock State Historic Park is designated with state historical marker # 1001 .
Modern roundhouses are being built such as the one at Dancing Rabbit Ecovillage near Rutledge , Missouri , built of cob .
Oceania
Raun Haus , Papua New Guinea
Roundhouses are still in use in Papua New Guinea and are very similar to the ones built in western Europe .
References
External links
Characterising the Welsh Roundhouse : chronology , inhabitation and landscape
A 21st-century iron age round house
Some examples of Reconstructed Celtic Roundhouses
House types
Archaeology of structures
European archaeology
Sustainable building
Curtain Call is an Australian variety series which aired in Sydney on ATN-7 during 1960 , which featured comedy and music . It was followed-up in 1961 with the popular Revue '61 .
The show aired in an hour-long time-slot ( running time excluding commercials is not known ) . It was not live , but recorded in advance on video-tape , which at the time was cutting-edge technology ( prior to video-tape , stations used the more primitive kinescope system )
English comedian Digby Wolfe appeared in several episodes . English comedian Billy Baxter also appeared as the host several episodes . Popular pianist Winifred Atwell appeared as a guest in an episode . Others to have appeared in the series included Red Moore , Kathy Lloyd , Barry Linehan , and Terry Scanlon .
Reception
Sydney Morning Herald said of the series `` the programs which I have seen have been uniformly good , funny , fresh and inventive '' .
Episode status
The archival status of the show is not known , given the wiping of the era . An incomplete episode of the series , under the title The George Shearing Show , is held by the National Film and Sound Archive . According to a contemporary news article , this episode aired 1 October 1960 .
References
External links
1960 Australian television series debuts
1960 Australian television series endings
Black-and-white Australian television shows
English-language television shows
Australian variety television shows
The Saviour ( Spanish - El Salvador ) is a 1608-1614 oil on canvas painting by El Greco , now in the Museo del Prado in Madrid , Spain . It shows Christ as the saviour of the world , represented by the globe beneath their left hand .
It draws on the traditions of Byzantine art whilst also incorporating elements of Counter-Reformation painting . It forms part of a series of works featuring Christ and the 12 Apostles ( an apostolado ) commissioned for the church at Almadrones in the Province of Guadalajara , modelled on other works in Toledo Cathedral . Not all 13 works survived .
Bibliography
Àlvarez Lopera , José , El Greco , Madrid , Arlanza , 2005 , Biblioteca « Descubrir el Arte » , ( colección « Grandes maestros » ) . .
Scholz-Hänsel , Michael , El Greco , Colonia , Taschen , 2003. .
External links
Paintings by El Greco in the Museo del Prado
1600s paintings
1610s paintings
Paintings depicting Jesus
Sakatar Singh ( born 1986 ) is an Indian football player . They are currently playing for Mohun Bagan AC in the I-League as a midfielder .
External links
Interview in Mohun Bagan Official Website
http : //goal.com/en-india/people/india/21209/sakatar-singh
http : //www.indianfootball.com/en/statistic/player/detail/playerId/210
Indian footballers
1986 births
Living people
Footballers from Punjab , India
Association football midfielders
Mohun Bagan AC players
Stephen W. Doran ( born March 26 , 1956 ) is an American politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1981 to 1995 . They later worked as a bank executive and math tutor . In 2014 they pleaded guilty to drug trafficking and served 3 years in prison ; they were scheduled to finish their sentence in 2017 .
Early life
Doran was born on March 26 , 1956 , in Boston . They attended Lexington High School , the University of Massachusetts Amherst , and the London School of Economics .
Political career
Doran began their political career as a Lexington Town Meeting Member in 1975 . In 1978 they unsuccessfully challenged incumbent state representative Lincoln P. Cole . In 1980 they defeated Cole to become the representative for the 15th Middlesex District . During their first-year student term , Doran was an active participant in the House budget debate .
At the beginning of their second term , Doran was a leader of a bipartisan coalition of more than fifty representatives who sought to reform the House rules . Their proposed changes included limiting sessions to the hours between 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. , requiring that agendas be published for all formal sessions , that all conference reports be distributed 24 hours before floor action , and allowing television and radio journalists to broadcast formal House sessions . They also are a leading supporter of overhauling the prevailing-wage law , which required the Commonwealth and municipal governments to pay union wages on contractual jobs , such as construction or snow removal .
While serving in the House , Doran had a parking lot concession in Cape Cod and spent most of the summer running it .
Ethics Committee
In 1989 , Speaker George Keverian chose Doran to chair the House Ethics Committee . In 1990 , the committee chose to take no action against Keverian after they admitted to hiring subordinates to do remodeling work on their house and accepting free rugs from a legislative vendor . The committee concluded that the conflict of interest law Keverian admitted to violating does not exist in the House ethics code and therefore took no disciplinary action against him . In 1991 , the committee voted 6 to 5 to remove Kevin Fitzgerald from their position as majority whip for having accepted a $ 200,000 inheritance from a troubled homeless woman . Doran sided with two other Democrats and three Republicans in favor of sanctioning Fitzgerald . In 1994 , the committee was on the verge of recommending the expulsion of representative John McNeil due to charges that they solicited sex from one of their former interns . However , Massachusetts Attorney General Scott Harshbarger and US Attorney John Pappalardo requested that the committee suspend its work due to fears that taking testimony from witnesses during a quasijudicial hearing could jeopardize their cases ( which included extortion , bribery , money laundering , and mail fraud ) against McNeil .
Post-political career
In 1994 , Doran chose not to run for reelection and instead entered the banking industry as a vice president at Fleet Mortgage , a subsidiary of Fleet Financial Group . At Fleet , Doran oversaw the company 's New England mortgage operations .
In August 2012 , Doran began working as a math tutor at MATCH Public Charter Middle School in Jamaica Plain . They were later diagnosed with stage three melanoma and began chemotherapy .
Methamphetamine trafficking
On May 21 , 2013 , Doran received a package at the school . State Police , acting on a tip , detained Doran on the street and obtained the package from the school front desk . The package contained two heat-sealed baggies containing 480 grams of crystal meth . Authorities then obtained a warrant to search Doran 's home . There they found an additional 38 grams of meth , about $ 10,000 in cash , and a digital scale and other items consistent with drug distribution . They were arrested on charges of trafficking methamphetamine and violating the state 's law against drugs in a school zone . The drugs had a street value of about $ 50,000
On March 31 , 2014 , Doran pleaded guilty to trafficking in methamphetamine and money laundering . They were sentenced to three years in prison followed by two years of probation . According to one of their defense attorneys , Doran was a `` terrible addict '' who had sought treatment and been substance-free since their arrest .
Due to the similarities , Doran 's case has been compared to the television show Breaking Bad and Doran has been compared to its protagonist , Walter White .
See also
1981–1982 Massachusetts legislature
1983–1984 Massachusetts legislature
1985–1986 Massachusetts legislature
1987–1988 Massachusetts legislature
1989–1990 Massachusetts legislature
1991–1992 Massachusetts legislature
1993–1994 Massachusetts legislature
References
External links
1956 births
American business executives
American drug traffickers
Businesspeople from Boston
Educators from Massachusetts
Massachusetts Democrats
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Politicians from Boston
People from Lexington , Massachusetts
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
Living people
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Lexington High School alumni
Chris Taft ( born March 10 , 1985 ) is an American basketball player .
NCAA career
Chris Taft was born in Brooklyn , New York , and began their college career at the University of Pittsburgh after graduating from Xaverian High School in Brooklyn . Taft won the Big East Conference Rookie of the Year Award in their Freshman season and set the all-time Pittsburgh season record for field goals made as a first-year student ( 162 ) . Taft also earned Third Team All Big East Honors as a Freshman .
In 2004–05 , Taft averaged 26.5 minutes per game , 13.3 points per game , 7.5 rebounds per game , and 1.7 blocks per game , and shot 58.5 % from the field . After Pittsburgh suffered a loss to the University of the Pacific in the first round of the NCAA Tournament , Taft announced their entry into the 2005 NBA draft . Shortly after announcing their departure from Pittsburgh , Taft hired an agent and indefinitely lost their NCAA eligibility . Taft went to the Chicago Annual Predraft Camp which began their post-college career .
Professional career
Chris Taft entered the NBA draft as a projected first rounder , but they fell into the second round . Ultimately , they were picked by the Golden State Warriors 42nd overall , with the pick they got from the New Jersey Nets in exchange for Clifford Robinson .
Taft played in only 17 games in their rookie season as a result of back spasms that ended their season in early January . They had surgery in 2006 to repair a herniated disc and has yet to return to the court in a professional game . In their limited playing time , Chris averaged 2.8 points and 2.1 rebounds in 8.5 minutes per game .
Their two major career games consist of Golden State 's game against the Chicago Bulls on November 9 , 2005 , where Taft scored 7 points in 19 minutes , and Golden State 's game against the Atlanta Hawks on November 2 , where they had another professional career high of three blocks .
Taft was unable to play during the 2006–07 NBA preseason due to recurring back spasms and inflammation . On October 27 , 2006 , they were waived by the Warriors and became a free agent .
In November 2011 , Taft was selected by the Springfield Armor in the fourth round of the NBA D-League Draft .
In August 2012 , Chris Taft signed a contract to play in Finland with Korihait .
In December Korihait release Taft , because of health reasons .
References
External links
Finnish League profile
1985 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Finland
Basketball players from New York City
Golden State Warriors draft picks
Golden State Warriors players
Parade High School All-Americans ( boys ' basketball )
Pittsburgh Panthers men 's basketball players
Power forwards ( basketball )
Rio Grande Valley Vipers players
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
Xaverian High School alumni
American men 's basketball players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
