Poets ' Walk is located in Red Hook , New York , United States on the River Road ( just north of the Kingston-Rhinecliff Bridge , New York State Route 199 ) . It is intended to celebrate the connection between landscape and poetry . The classic wooden vistas , sunlit fields and thick forest were the main focus of landscape architect Hans Jacob Ehlers ' vision for the property in 1849 .
Description
The park 's mown and gravel paths are variously lined with wooden benches , and provide access to the of fields and forest , as well as river views . The park 's walls of foliage and stone evoke outdoor `` rooms '' that reflect the 1849 landscape aims of Ehlers .
The distance from the Information Arbor at the beginning of the path to the Overlook Pavilion is about half a mile , and at a leisurely pace takes the average walker about 15 minutes . The return trip is slightly uphill and a bit longer . From the Pavilion to the Summerhouse ( via the Poets ' Walk Path ) is an additional 20 minutes ( one way ) , and from the Pavilion to the Flagpole is also 20 minutes ( one way ) .
History
The Poet 's Walk Park property was originally part of an 1688 land grant to Colonel Pieter Schuyler of Albany .
Around 1800 , General John Armstrong Jr. , who was married to Alida Livingston , daughter of Judge Robert Livingston ( 1718–1775 ) and Margaret ( née Beekman ) Livingston of Clermont , sold their farm/estate of `` Almont '' . For the next ten years , Armstrong served first in Congress as a Senator from New York , then as Minister to France . Around 1811 , they established an estate a little farther north in Barrytown . The Armstrongs called the estate La Bergerie . Here they raised Merino sheep , which had been given to Armstrong by Napoleon . In 1818 , their daughter , Margaret , married William Backhouse Astor Sr. Around 1835 , Astor purchased the 728-acre estate for a summer home ; Margaret Astor renamed it `` Rokeby '' .
In September 1844 , their daughter , Laura Eugenia Astor , married merchant/financier Franklin Hughes Delano . As a wedding present , William Astor gave the couple the southernmost 100 acres of `` Rokeby '' . The estate became known as `` Steen Valetje '' ( which means `` little stone valley '' in Dutch ) .
In 1849 , the Astors and the Delanos commissioned German born landscape gardener Hans Jacob Ehlers to improve the grounds at `` Rokeby '' and `` Steen Valetje '' , in the course of which they constructed a woodland path called the `` Poet 's Walk '' in honor of Washington Irving and Fitz-Greene Halleck who are said to have strolled there .
The park has been visited by many literary figures , including William Cullen Bryant ( 1794–1878 ) and Jack Kerouac ( 1922-1969 ) .
Today , the visual integrity of the Park and its setting is protected by the Scenic Hudson Land Trust 's conservation easements on the surrounding . The park is open from 9am until dusk ( 6pm in winter , 8pm during summer ) . Scenic Hudson retained Optimus Architecture to design both the information kiosk at the trailhead and the rustic Overlook Pavilion , where visitors will find the best scenic views in the park . The project received a design award from the New York Chapter of the Society of American Registered Architects .
See also
References
External links
Poet 's Walk Park website
Poets ' Walk Romantic Landscape Park
Hudson Valley Network information
Photos
New York ( state ) culture
American poetry
Parks in Dutchess County , New York
Parks on the Hudson River
Red Hook , New York
Meydavud or Meidavood or Mey Davuud or Meydavod or Mai Daud ( ) may refer to :
Meydavud District , a district Khuzestan Province , Iran
Meydavud Rural District , a sub-district of Meydavud District
Meydavud-e Olya , a village in Meydavud Rural District , Iran
Meydavud-e Sofla , a village in Meydavud Rural District , Iran
Meydavud-e Vosta , a village in Meydavud Rural District , Iran
The Pacific flatbill ( Rhynchocyclus pacificus ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae . It is found in Colombia and Ecuador .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
Pacific flatbill
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Pacific flatbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Neman , Nioman , Nemunas or Memel is a river in Europe that rises in central Belarus and flows through Lithuania then forms the northern border of Kaliningrad Oblast , Russia 's western exclave , which specifically follows its southern channel . It drains into the Curonian Lagoon , narrowly connected to the Baltic Sea . It flows about , so is considered a major Eastern European river . It flows generally west to Grodno within of the Polish border , north to Kaunas , then westward again to the sea .
The largest river in Lithuania , and the third-largest in Belarus , it is navigable for most of its length . It starts from two small headwaters merging about southwest of the town of Uzda – about southwest of capital city Minsk . Only , an eastward meander , contributes to the Belarus–Lithuania border . Thereafter the river includes notable loops along a minor tectonic fault .
Its drainage basin settled in the late Quaternary to be roughly along the edge of the last glacial sheet so dates to about 25,000 to 22,000 years BC . Its depth varies from in its upper courses to in the lower basin .
Numbers
The total length of the Nioman/Nemunas/Neman is . It is the 4th longest river in the Baltic Sea basin . Over its entire length , flows in Belarus and in Lithuania . A stretch is the border between Lithuania and Russia 's Kaliningrad oblast .
Its greatest depth is , and at its widest it extends about .
The Nioman/Nemunas/Neman is a slow river ; it flows at about .
During floods , water discharge can increase up too 11-fold to more than . Severe floods occur on the lower reaches of the river about every 12 – 15 years , which sometimes wash out bridges .
The Nioman/Nemunas/Neman is an old river , dating back to the last glacial period . Its valley is now up to deep and broad .
It has about 105 first-class tributaries , the largest being the rivers Neris ( Viliya ) ( ) , Shchara ( ) , and Šešupė ( ) . Fifteen of the tributaries are longer than .
In the complete Nioman/Nemunas/Neman basin , there are tributaries extending to the 11th order .
The Nemunas basin in Lithuania drains more than 20,000 rivers and rivulets and covers 72 % of Lithuania 's territory .
The total area of the Nioman/Nemunas/Neman basin is , of which are within Belarus , the Lithuanian portion of this basin is 46 , .
Valley of Neman in Grodno Region is the lowest point above sea level in Belarus at .
River course
Neman loops
Due to their location , `` The Nemunas loops '' are often described using the Lithuanian name for the river . In 1992 Nemunas Loops Regional Park was founded . Its goal is to preserve the loops ( Lithuanian : vingis ) that the river makes in the Punia forest . Near Prienai , the Nemunas makes a loop ( like a teardrop ) coming within of completing the loop . The Neman flows along the double bend between Balbieriškis and Birštonas for and then moves in a northerly direction for only . The loops are not conventional river meanders ; they follow underlying tectonic structures . The faults are the source of local mineral springs . The area is historically and culturally significant . Its castles served as the first line of defense against forays by the Teutonic knights .
Delta
At its delta the Neman splits into a maze of river branches and canals mixing with polders and wetlands and is a very attractive destination for eco-tourism . The four main distributaries are Atmata , Pakalnė , Skirvytė ( the southern mouth , marking the international border ) and Gilija . The river plays a crucial part in the ecosystem of the Curonian Lagoon . It provides the main water inflow to the lagoon and keeps the water almost fresh . This allows fresh water and brackish water animals to survive there . As the delta extends north the lagoon opposite narrows . Since the delta is in Lithuania , it is often referred to as Nemunas Delta . Nemunas Delta Regional Park was created in the delta in 1992 .
Tributaries
The following rivers are tributaries to the river Neman/Nemunas ( from source to mouth ) :
Left : Servach , Mowchadz ' , Shchara , Zelvyanka , Svislach , Lasosna , Czarna Hańcza , Zembrė , Peršėkė , Šešupė , Tylzha
Right : Western Berezina , Gauja , Kotra , Haradnichanka , Merkys , Verknė , Strėva , Neris , Nevėžis , Dubysa , Mituva , Jūra , Minija
Largest settlements on the river
From west to east , the largest settlements are Sovetsk/Tilsit , Neman , Kaunas , Alytus , Druskininkai , Grodno , and Masty .
Significance in culture
Ptolemy referred to Neman as Chronos ( although competing theories suppose Chronos was in fact Pregolya ) .
The river has lent its name to the Neman Culture , a Neolithic archaeological subculture .
In German , the part of the river flowing through historic Prussia has been called at least since about 1250 , when Teutonic Knights built castle and the town of at the mouth of the Curonian Lagoon , naming it after the indigenous name of the river , Memel . The city of Memel , now in Lithuania , is known today as Klaipėda ( confusingly , another city of Memel was on the Dange River , now called the Danė ) . In German road maps and lexika , only the section within Prussia ( starting at Schmalleningken ) was named Memel ; the bulk of the river was the Niemen .
The border between the State of the Teutonic Order and Lithuania was fixed in 1422 by the Treaty of Lake Melno and remained stable for centuries . The Treaty of Tilsit between Napoleon and Tsar Alexander I was signed on a raft in the river in 1807 . Napoleon 's crossing at the outset of the 1812 French invasion of Russia is described in War and Peace and also mentioned in Pan Tadeusz . In 1919 , the Treaty of Versailles made the river the border separating the Memel Territory from German East Prussia as of 1920 . At that time , Germany 's Weimar Republic adopted the as its official national anthem . In the first stanza of the song , written in 1841 , the river is mentioned as the eastern border of a ( then politically yet-to-be united ) Germany :
Lithuanians refer to the Nemunas as `` the father of rivers '' ( Nemunas is a masculine noun in Lithuania ) . Countless companies and organizations in Lithuania have `` Nemunas '' in their name , including a folklore ensemble , a weekly magazine about art and culture , a sanatorium , and numerous guest houses and hotels . Lithuanian and Polish literature often mention the Nemunas . One of the most famous poems by Maironis starts :
Almost every Lithuanian can recite these words by heart .
Smaller rivers and rivulets in Lithuania with names morphologically derived or cognate are the Nemunykštis , Nemuniukas , Nemunynas , Nemunėlis and Nemunaitis .
The etymology is disputed : some say that `` Nemunas '' is an old word meaning `` a damp place '' , while others that it is `` mute , soundless river '' ( from nemti , nėmti `` to become silent '' , also memelis , mimelis , mėmė `` slow , worthless person '' ) . The name is possibly derived from the Finnic word niemi `` cape '' .
Art critics praised its depiction in the paintings by Michał Kulesza .
Economic significance
Much of the river is used for fishing , hydropower generation , water supply , industry , agriculture , recreation , tourism , and water transport .
Lithuania has tabled local plans to dredge it , below Kaunas , to make it more consistently usable .
The largest cities on the river are Grodno in Belarus , Alytus and Kaunas in Lithuania , and Sovetsk in the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia . The river basin has a population of 5.4 million inhabitants . Industrial activities in the Belarusian section include metal processing , chemical industries , pulp and paper production , and manufacturing of building materials , as well as food-processing plants . In Lithuania , the city of Kaunas , with about 400,000 inhabitants , is the country 's principal user of the river ; the local industries that impact the river are hydropower generation , machinery , chemical , wood processing and paper production , furniture production , textile and food-processing . In Kaliningrad , industrial centers near the river include Sovetsk and Neman , which have large pulp and paper production facilities .
Above Kaunas a dam was built in 1959 to serve the Kaunas Hydroelectric Power Plant . The resulting Kaunas Reservoir ( ) is the largest such lake in Lithuania . It occupies ; its length is ; its greatest depth is . The reservoir is a popular destination for Lithuanian yachting .
The Augustów Canal , built in the 19th century , connects the Neman to the Vistula River .
Biological communities
Fish found include the : perch , pike , zander , roach , tench , bream , rudd , ruffe , and bleak .
Its tributaries have borne stone loach , three-spined stickleback , minnows , trout , sculpins , gudgeon , dace and chub .
Atlantic salmon migrated upstream to spawn ; however , dams on the river , most of them built in the 20th century , have depleted them . The dam at Kaunas does not provide fish ladders . The spawning season took place in the fall . Ethnographic studies , from before the dams , state night fishing , using torches and harpoons , was a common technique .
Environmental issues
A report by the Swedish EPA ( Environmental Protection Administration ) rates the river 's quality in Lithuania as moderately polluted to polluted . High concentrations of organic pollutants , nitrates and phosphates occur in parts of the river . Environmental issues include water quality ( eutrophication and pollutants largely due to outdated technology sewage treatment works ) , changes in the hydrological regime , and flooding control . The environmental problems in each of the countries that make up the basin are slightly different . In Belarus , the main problems are oil products as well as nitrogen and BOD ( biological oxygen demand ) . The environmental issues in the Kaliningrad section include high concentrations of BOD , lignosulphates , and nitrogen . In Lithuania , the Kaunas Hydroelectric Power Plant barrage affects the riparian ecosystem .
Co-operation which would be beneficial is complicated by the geographical split between three nations but water quality improvement initiatives are underway .
See also
List of rivers of Europe
Normandie-Niemen ( a fighter squadron , later regiment ( of three squadrons ) of the French Air Force )
Memelland
East Prussia
Notes
References
External links
Niemen ( the Neman ) in the Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland ( 1886 )
Glaciation in Lithuania
Biotopes in the Neman and its tributaries
Atlantic salmon in the Neman River
Agata Lewandowski , Łosośna - the Unknown Valley . Not the Last Arrival for ... Puciłki , „ Znad Wilii ” , nr 3 ( 79 ) z 2019 r. , p. 58–64 , ( in Polish ) http : //www.znadwiliiwilno.lt/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Znad-Wilii-3-79m-1.pdf
Helena i Leonard Drożdżewiczowie , Antologia Doliny Łosośny , ( in Polish ) http : //193.0.118.54/search/query ? term_1=Antologia+Doliny+ % C5 % 81oso % C5 % 9Bny & theme=nukat
Rivers of Grodno Region
Rivers of Minsk Region
Rivers of Lithuania
Rivers of Kaliningrad Oblast
International rivers of Europe
Lithuania–Russia border
Belarus–Lithuania border
Rivers of Belarus
The High Anti-Corruption Court of Ukraine ( ) ( HACC ) is a Ukrainian court established on 11 April 2019 . The court handed down its first sentence on 30 October 2019 . Cases concerning corruption in Ukraine are to be brought directly to this court . The jurisdiction of the court covers crimes that caused damage of an equivalent of at least 31 thousand USD . Appeals are considered by a completely separate Appeal Chamber of the High Anti-Corruption Court .
Structure
The court has 35 judges appointed and at least 10 of them appointed to the Appeals Chamber . These judges and persons living with them , spouses , parents , brothers and sisters , grandparents , spouse 's parents , grandchildren , adopted children and foster parents will be provided with a full protection . The judges are elected by the High Judicial Qualifications Commission with the help of the Public Council of International Experts ( a new body of six people that consists of foreign experts ) .
History
Preparations
In December 2016 Minister of Justice Pavlo Petrenko said that a relevant bill for establishing a special anti-corruption court was ready to be sent to the Ukrainian parliament . Parliament saw the draft in December 2017 . Parliament adopted the final version of this law on 7 June 2018 . The law on the High Anti-Corruption Court of Ukraine came into force on 14 June 2018 . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signed the law `` On the Establishment of the High Anti-Corruption Court '' on 26 June 2018 .
The law had undergone about 2,000 amendments during its passage . The International Monetary Fund will have to assess if it is sufficient to meet its anti-corruption requirements to release the next tranche of money under its $ 17.5 billion cash-for-reforms agreement . In December 2018 , the court was set to be established during the first quarter of 2019 .
Official establishment
On 11 April 2019 , the court was established , President Poroshenko signed the decree appointing the judges during an official ceremony ( initially , the court was to be established by March 2019 ) . 38 judges were appointed . On the same day , the judges took oaths .
Election of the first head and start of functioning
On 7 May 2019 , after repeated failures of one judge to secure a majority of at least 20 votes for the election at the office of Head of the HACC , judge was elected . In May 2019 it was expected that the HACC would begin working on 5 September 2019 . On 5 September the High Anti-Corruption Court did start to work . The court handed down its first sentence on 30 October 2019 .
Heads of the High Anti-Corruption Court of Ukraine
Judge ( May 2019 - incumbent )
See also
( NABU )
References
External links
`` How judges of High Anti-Corruption Court were selected '' , 16 April 2019 , Ukrinform .
2018 establishments in Ukraine
Judiciary of Ukraine
Anti-corruption agencies
Courts in Ukraine
High Court of Justice
Francisco Javier Álvarez Rosario ( born 7 September 1967 ) is a Spanish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s . They were eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
Notes
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Spanish male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Spain
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Badajoz
Rakshak ( ) is 1996 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Ashok Honda , starring Sunil Shetty , Karisma Kapoor , Raghuvaran , Sonali Bendre , Alok Nath and Aruna Irani . It is a remake of the Tamil film Honest Raj .
Plot
Raj and their mother come to visit village . Raj meets their best friend Raghu , and love interest Suman . They eventually marry and Raj becomes and IPS officer . Raghu starts printing fake currency to get rid of their loans and credits and becomes to mafia boss of the village . Raj finds out their secret but is attacked severely by Raghu 's goons and their mother and Suman get killed . Dr. Pooja Malhotra treats them to recover and revenge their friend turned enemy Raghu .
Cast
Suniel Shetty as ASP Raj Sinha
Karishma Kapoor as Suman Sinha
Sonali Bendre as Dr. Pooja Malhotra
Raghuvaran as Raghavan `` Raghu ''
Aruna Irani as Raj 's mother
Mushtaq Khan as Bhola
Dinesh Hingoo as Suman 's father
Pramod Moutho as Bardha Seth
Ponnambalam as Danyaal
Alok Nath as Commissioner of Police
Harish Patel as Rokde
Deepak Shirke as ACP Shirke
Arun Bakshi as Advocate
Shiv Kumar Subramaniam as The photographer
Raveena Tandon in a special appearance in the song 'Shehar Ki Ladki '
Zeeshan Shaikh as Bunty
Soundtrack
After average success with the movie Anth ( which was a semi-hit at the box-office ) , producer-director Ashok Honda again employed music directors Anand–Milind for Rakshak . Lyricist Sameer was also re-hired , but for only one song ( Kuchi Kuchi ) . New lyricist Deepak Chowdhary wrote the remaining songs . With almost no expectations from the music of a Sunil Shetty-starrer , the music of Rakshak arrived rather quietly on the stands . But the moment Shahar Ki Ladki hit the TV channels , the song caught on with youthful listeners , and the music topped the charts . Kuchi Kuchi was another song that soon climbed the charts . With this new interest in the film 's music , Ashok Honda picturised another song Sundara Sundara . The music of Rakshak topped the charts for several weeks , and Shehar Ki Ladki and Sundara Sundara still enjoy popularity .
The song `` Shehar Ki Ladki '' was recreated for Khandaani Shafakhana , the recreated version is sung by Tulsi Kumar and Badshah on the music of Tanishk Bagchi who has also rewritten the new song .
Awards
For this film , choreographers Chinni Prakash and Rekha Prakash won the Filmfare Award for Best Choreography for the song `` Shehar Ki Ladki '' at the Filmfare Awards 1997 .
Reception
This movie was an average at Box office India . This movie was a direct remake of the Tamil film Honest Raj ( 1994 ) , starring Vijayakanth .
References
External links
1996 films
1990s Hindi-language films
Hindi remakes of Tamil films
Films scored by Anand–Milind
1996 action thriller films
Indian action thriller films
The 1907 Mississippi College Collegians football team represented Mississippi College as an independent during the 1907 college football season .
Schedule
References
Mississippi College
Mississippi College Choctaws football seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Mississippi College Collegians football
The masked gnatcatcher ( Polioptila dumicola ) is a small songbird in the family Polioptilidae . It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Paraguay , and Uruguay .
Taxonomy and systematics
The masked gnatcatcher has three recognized subspecies , the nominate Polioptila dumicola dumicola , P. d. saturata , and P. d. berlepschi . The last subspecies differs in both plumage and voice from the other two and may represent a separate species .
Description
The masked gnatcatcher is long and weighs , larger than most other gnatcatchers . The nominate male has a large black mask with a thin white line below it . Its forehead , crown , nape , and upperparts are blue-gray . Its tail is mostly black with white outer feathers . Its throat is pale gray fading to whitish on the belly . The nominate female does not have a mask but instead a black crescent down from the eye . Its upperparts are duller and not as bluish . P. d. saturata is darker than the nominate ; it is slate gray overall that is lighter on the underside . The P. d. berlepschi male is paler than the nominate , dull gray rather than blue-gray above and white below , and has a narrower mask . The female berlepschi is paler than the nominate female .
Distribution and habitat
The nominate masked gnatcatcher is found from Paraguay and southern Brazil south into Uruguay and eastern Argentina . It may also be in southeastern Bolivia . P. d. saturata is found in the Bolivian highlands south of Cochabamba Department . P. d. berlepschi is found in central Brazil as far north as Mato Grosso and Amazonas and probably eastern Bolivia .
The nominate masked gnatcatcher has been recorded most often in the Gran Chaco biome but also in Humid Chaco and several types of savanna , usually at elevations less than . P. d. saturata inhabits dry montane forest between , among the highest habitat for any gnatcatcher . P. d. berlepschi inhabits Cerrado and Pantanal ecoregions with their widely spaced trees rather than continuous canopy .
Behavior
Feeding
The masked gnatcatcher 's diet is small arthropods . It forages in the canopy , most often by gleaning while hopping on branches ; it also hover-gleans and sallies for flying prey . It hunts singly and in pairs , most often as part of a mixed-species foraging flock .
Breeding
Only the nominate masked gnatcatcher has been studied . Its breeding season spans from September to January . Its nest is a small deep cup made of plant fibers cemented with spider silk and camouflaged by lichens stuck to the outer surface . The clutch is normally three but can be as high as five eggs ; both sexes incubate and feed young . Shiny cowbirds ( Molothrus bonariensis ) sometimes parasitize the nest .
Vocalization
The nominate masked gnatcatcher 's loudsong is `` variable , short , sweet and musical '' . P. d. berlepschis loudsong is quite different : . The species also has a variety of calls .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the masked gnatcatcher overall as being of The Least Concern . The nominate and berlepschi appear not to be seriously threatened but saturata `` is considered to be at serious risk due to human settlement and agricultural conversion . ''
References
masked gnatcatcher
Birds of South America
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Uruguay
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of the South Region
masked gnatcatcher
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Timoshinskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 46 as of 2002 . There are 2 streets .
Geography
Timoshinskaya is located 3 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Tarnogsky Gorodok is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Pindaya Township ( ; also spelled Pingdaya or Pangtara ) is a township located within Taunggyi District , Shan State , Myanmar . It is also part of the Danu Self-Administered Zone . The principal town is Pindaya .
Townships of Shan State
Mosaic is a studio album by the folk band Wovenhand . It was released in 2006 on Glitterhouse Records and Sounds Familyre .
Track listings
`` Breathing Bull ''
`` Winter Shaker ''
`` Swedish Purse ''
`` Twig ''
`` Whistling Girl ''
`` Elktooth ''
`` Bible and Bird ''
`` Dirty Blue ''
`` Slota Prow - Full Armour ''
`` Truly Golden ''
`` Deerskin Doll ''
`` Little Raven '' '' Shun '' ( hidden track )
Personnel
David Eugene Edwards - vocals , guitar , bass
Daniel McMahon - piano
Ordy Garrison - drums
Elin Palmer - strings
References
2006 albums
Wovenhand albums
American Folk Songs is a 1948 album by Jo Stafford . The original release featured six songs on three 78-RPM discs . It was released as a long-playing record in 1950 , with two additional songs . Since the 1962 re-release , the album has featured twelve popular folk songs . The Saturday Review described the album as `` of its own excellence . ''
Judy Collins has cited the album as one of the first to spark their interest in folk music .
Track listing
All songs are traditional .
References
1950 albums
Jo Stafford albums
Capitol Records albums
Corinthian Records albums
Albums conducted by Paul Weston
Albums arranged by Paul Weston
Matthew Thomas or Matt Thomas may refer to :
Matt Thomas ( soccer ) ( born 1995 ) , American soccer player
Matt Thomas ( basketball ) ( born 1994 ) , American basketball player
Matt Thomas ( guitarist ) ( born 1986 ) , American guitar player
Matt Thomas ( ice hockey ) ( born 1975 ) , Canadian ice hockey coach
Matthew Thomas ( linebacker ) ( born 1995 ) , American college football player
Matt Thomas ( rugby league ) ( born 1976 ) , Welsh rugby league international
Matt Thomas ( Australian rules footballer ) ( born 1987 )
Matthew Thomas ( musician ) ( born 1973 ) , New Zealand rock bassist
Matthew James Thomas ( born 1988 ) , British actor
Matthew K. Thomas ( born 1948 ) , Indian Pentecostal
Mathew T. Thomas ( born 1961 ) , Indian politician
See also
Thomas Matthews ( disambiguation )
Tamil Canadians , or Canadian Tamils , are Canadians of Tamil ethno-linguistic origin . Much of Canada 's Tamil diaspora from India and Sri Lanka then majority consist of Sri Lankan Tamil refugees who sought to flee the ethnic tensions during the Sri Lankan Civil War between the 1970s and 2000s , while economic Tamil migrants also originate from India , Singapore and other parts of South Asia .
Canada 's Tamil population is among the largest in the Western world , with Toronto being home to one of the largest Tamil-speaking populations outside of Asia , and Montreal recording Tamil as the most spoken South Asian language in the 2016 Census , ahead of Bengali , Punjabi and Urdu . Other Tamil diaspora communities are found in the metropolitan areas of Vancouver , Calgary , Edmonton and Ottawa . Tamil is the second-most spoken South Asian language in Canada as of 2016 .
From a population of fewer than 150 in 1983 , Tamils have become one of the largest ethnic groups within the Greater Toronto Area , and form an increasing share of the overall Canadian population . As per the 2021 Canadian census , Tamil Canadians number approximately 240,000 and account for roughly 0.7 % of Canada 's population .
History
With the outbreak of riots and eventual civil war in Sri Lanka in 1983 , Tamil migration to Canada increased significantly . In 2000 , Sri Lanka was the sixth largest source country of immigrants to Canada , sending 5,841 people or 2.57 % of Canada 's immigrant total . Between 1991 and 2001 , Sri Lanka was the fifth largest source country of immigrants to Canada , after China , India , the Philippines , and Hong Kong .
Between 2001 and 2010 Sri Lanka 's rank dropped to 17 in the list of immigrant source countries to Canada . Well behind the major source countries China ( 327,317 ) , India ( 277,819 ) and Philippines ( 191,121 ) . In 2010 immigrants from Sri Lanka consisted of only 1.4 % of Canada 's immigrant total of 280,681 .
Most permanent residents from Sri Lanka came as either independent immigrants , refugees , or family class sponsored immigrants .
Refugee claimants are an independent category of Tamils from Sri Lanka who arrived in Canada and are claiming protection under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act . After 2001 there have been no Government of Canada or private sponsored Tamil refugees to Canada . There are 141,074 UNHCR recognized Tamil refugees in non-signatory countries . There are a total of 589,639 refugees from Sri Lanka in 2011 who have registered with the UNHCR in non-signatory countries .
Geographic distribution
Provinces & territories
Significant populations
Based on Census 2016
1 . Scarborough—Rouge Park , ON - 13.94 % ( 14,255 )
2 . Scarborough North , ON - 12.23 % ( 12,080 )
3 . Markham—Thornhill , ON - 10.61 % ( 10,515 )
4 . Scarborough—Guildwood , ON - 9.45 % ( 9,680 )
5 . Scarborough Centre , ON - 9.40 % ( 10,590 )
6 . Markham—Stouffville , ON - 6.71 % ( 8,460 )
7 . Scarborough—Agincourt , ON - 5.18 % ( 5,465 )
8 . Ajax , ON - 5.12 % ( 6,125 )
9 . Brampton East , ON - 5.08 % ( 6,195 )
10 . Mississauga—Malton , ON - 3.95 % ( 4,675 )
11 . Scarborough Southwest , ON - 3.65 % ( 4,025 )
12 . Brampton West , ON - 3.35 % ( 4,360 )
13 . Mississauga East—Cooksville , ON - 2.41 % ( 2,895 )
14 . Humber River—Black Creek , ON - 2.36 % ( 2,555 )
15 . Mississauga Centre , ON - 2.34 % ( 2,925 )
16 . Etobicoke North , ON - 2.31 % ( 2,730 )
17 . Brampton North , ON - 2.22 % ( 2,620 )
18 . Toronto Centre , ON - 2.21 % ( 2,295 )
19 . Brampton South , ON - 2.18 % ( 2,645 )
20 . Markham—Unionville , ON - 2.14 % ( 2,645 )
21 . Pierrefonds—Dollard , QC - 2.08 % ( 2,255 )
22 . Saint-Laurent , QC - 2.03 % ( 2,010 )
Media
Much of the Tamil language media in Canada is based in Toronto , while some centres operate in Montreal . A community magazine , Thamizhar Mathiyil ( Amidst Tamils ) , has been published since 1990 and has grown to several hundred pages in length . Ten alternative weekly Tamil language newspapers are distributed primarily in Toronto and Montreal . The Monsoon Journal and the Tamil Mirror are English language newspapers created and targeted at Tamils . Four Tamil language radio stations broadcast out of Toronto and Montreal as well . Three Tamil language online News Thetamiljournal.com ( The Tamil Journal தமிழ் இதழ் ) , television stations ( Tamil Vision International , Tamil One , and Tamil Entertainment Television ) are based in Toronto .
Social and political activity
Various political , social and religious organizations exists among the Tamil Canadian community . One such organization is Canadian Tamil Congress , which works as a community and lobby group to communicate on behalf of some Tamil Canadians at the municipal , provincial , federal , and international levels . The Canadian Tamil Congress is the largest of these organizations with 11 chapters in the country . The smaller organizations are geared towards organizing kin and village groups from Sri Lanka , as well as supporting various political parties such as the Liberal Party of Canada , New Democratic Party and Conservative Party of Canada . Tamil candidates have participated in the political process representing various parties at municipal , provincial and federal level . In 2011 , Rathika Sitsabaiesan was elected as the first Tamil-Canadian Member of Parliament , as a New Democrat in Scarborough-Rouge River . In 2018 , Vijay Thanigasalam was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario and currently represents Scarborough-Rouge River as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario . During their time as a member , they have taken upon numerous initiatives in the Tamil Community and the Scarborough-Rouge River Riding as a whole . Some of their achievements include introducing Bill 104 , An Act to proclaim Tamil Genocide Education Week in Ontario . Previously , Logan Kanapathi was the first Tamil Canadian candidate to win election to large municipal government . They currently serve their second term as Ward 7 councilor in the town of Markham . Many Hindu Temples have been built by the community to cater to its religious needs . Hindu Youth Network , an organization founded by Sri Lankan Tamils , is currently the largest Hindu youth movement in Canada with thousands of Hindu Tamil students and over 80 % of the Hindu student groups in the country under its umbrella . There are also Christian churches that cater particularly to the Tamil community in Canada .
Tamil Canadians have run multiple campaigns encouraging the donation of blood to the Canadian Blood Services organized by various Canadian Tamil organizations . The community also undertook a recent campaign to help SickKids Hospital , which treats 100,000 children every year . These campaigns were organized by the Canadian Tamil Congress , with the support of many social and community organizations .
Tamil Heritage Month in Canada
A unanimous decision was made at the House of Commons on October 5 , 2016 declaring the month of January as Tamil Heritage Month under M-24 . The motion will `` recognize the contributions that Tamil-Canadians have made to Canadian society , the richness of the Tamil language and culture , and the importance of educating and reflecting upon Tamil heritage for future generations by declaring January , every year , Tamil Heritage Month . `` .
Sports and literature
Canada has attracted a number of internationally renowned writers from Sri Lanka , including Shyam Selvadurai . Despite their family 's relative privilege and urban base , their family left Sri Lanka because of the 1983 riots . Canadian Tamils have also contributed to the sports fields such as the formerly ranked Canadian tennis player Sonya Jeyaseelan and cricketer Sanjayan Thuraisingam . Pradeeban Peter-Paul multiple Guinness World Records holder Suresh Joachim Tamil Canadian table tennis player has been part of the Canadian National Team for the past 12 years . They were one of two Canadians who qualified to represent Canada at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China . Soccer and cricket are two of the main sports played by the Tamil population in Canada .
Laws
A law named `` Tamil Heritage Month Act , 2014 '' was passed by the Ontario government to proclaim January as Tamil heritage month . This law is for remembering , celebrating and educating future generations about the inspirational roles that Tamil Canadians have played . Bill 104 passed in January of 2021 and establishes the week of May 18th as the Tamil Genocide Education Week in Ontario . This Bill was passed to encourage Ontario to learn more about the Tamil Genocide that occurred in Sri Lanka .
Cuisines
Canada has a number of cuisines that serve authentic Tamil foods . In the Greater Toronto Area , which has the highest population of Tamils in Canada , many restaurants specialize Tamil cuisine , including Babu Catering , Karaikudi Chettinad Restaurant , and Nantha Caters . Tamil Canadians have also created dishes that fuse Tamil and Canadian food . For example , Confused Kitchen serves foods such as Mac and Cheese Mutton rolls which is a twist on the classic Tamil mutton roll .
See also
List of Eelam Tamils
Federation of Tamil Sangams of North America
List of Tamil-language radio stations
In Our Translated World
References
External links
Canadian Tamil Business Directory
TAMIL STAR FM - Tamil radio in Canada
Tamil Canadian Inside
Tamils in Canada from Ravindiran Vaitheespara , The Encyclopedia of Canada 's Peoples
Canadian Tamil Congress
Canada
Ethnic groups in Canada
Asian Canadian
South Asian Canadian
Leonard Walker ( born 4 March 1944 ) is a former English footballer and manager . They were the manager of Aldershot from July 1981 until November 1984 , and then June 1985 until 11 April 1991 .
Playing career
Walker was born in Darlington and started their football career as a trainee with Middlesbrough . After a spell in non-league football with Spennymoor United they returned to the Football League with Newcastle United in May 1963 .
In July 1964 , they moved to Hampshire to join Aldershot where they played for the next twelve seasons , making nearly 500 appearances in all competitions . They also became the club 's regular penalty taker ; of their 23 league goals , 18 came from the penalty spot . They were an ever-present in 1966–67 . They also captained the side , and helped them win their first promotion from the Fourth Division in 1973 .
In August 1976 , they returned to their native north-east with Darlington . After two years , they retired from playing and took over as manager in October 1978 .
Management career
Darlington
Their spell as manager at Darlington only lasted until the end of the 1978–79 season , when they lost their job , being replaced by Billy Elliott .
Aldershot
In January 1981 , they were appointed manager of their former club , Aldershot . Apart from finishing one place outside of promotion in 1984 , Walker achieved little of note during their first spell as manager , and was sacked later that year after the club 's new owners decided to replace them with the higher-profile Ron Harris . Harris moved on at the end of that season however , which led to Walker being re-appointed . During their second spell as manager , Aldershot achieved promotion from the Fourth Division in 1987 - only the second promotion in their Football League history .
They spent two years in the Third Division before being relegated , but the board kept faith in Walker , even though Aldershot struggled back in the basement division and in 1990 only just avoided relegation to the Conference National .
On 31 July 1990 , Aldershot was wound up in the High Court due to six-figure debts that had rendered the club `` hopelessly insolvent '' , and it looked as though Walker and everyone else at the club would soon be without a job . But the club was rescued by 19-year-old property speculator Spencer Trethewy , and Walker 's job was saved .
Walker moved to the role of General Manager on 11 April 1991 after 10 years as team manager , and first team duties were taken over by new player-manager Brian Talbot . Financial problems continued to plague the club and it finally went out of business on 25 March 1992 . Walker had been on the club 's payroll as General Manager to the end .
Since then they have done scouting work for various league clubs , Nottingham Forest amongst them .
Honours
As a manager
Alderhsot
Fourth Division Play-off Final winner : 1986–87
Managerial statistics
References
External links
Aldershot manager profiles
1944 births
Sportspeople from Darlington
Footballers from County Durham
Living people
English footballers
English football managers
English Football League players
Association football defenders
Middlesbrough F.C . players
Spennymoor United F.C . players
Newcastle United F.C . players
Aldershot F.C . players
Darlington F.C . players
Darlington F.C . managers
Aldershot F.C . managers
Fulham F.C . non-playing staff
Whakaki is a settlement east of Wairoa within the Wairoa District and Hawke 's Bay Region of New Zealand 's North Island . runs through it .
Whakakī Lake , southwest of the settlement , is the largest freshwater lagoon on the east coast of the North Island .
Whakakī is a Māori word meaning `` to fill '' .
Demographics
The statistical area of Whakaki , which at 183 square kilometres is larger than this settlement , had a population of 675 at the 2018 New Zealand census , an increase of 3 people ( 0.4 % ) since the 2013 census , and a decrease of 51 people ( -7.0 % ) since the 2006 census . There were 255 households . There were 354 males and 321 females , giving a sex ratio of 1.1 males per female . The median age was 44.8 years ( compared with 37.4 years nationally ) , with 135 people ( 20.0 % ) aged under 15 years , 102 ( 15.1 % ) aged 15 to 29 , 315 ( 46.7 % ) aged 30 to 64 , and 117 ( 17.3 % ) aged 65 or older .
Ethnicities were 41.3 % European/Pākehā , 71.6 % Māori , 0.4 % Pacific peoples , 1.3 % Asian , and 0.9 % other ethnicities ( totals add to more than 100 % since people could identify with multiple ethnicities ) .
The proportion of people born overseas was 4.4 % , compared with 27.1 % nationally .
Although some people objected to giving their religion , 31.1 % had no religion , 43.6 % were Christian , 0.4 % were Muslim , 0.4 % were Buddhist and 16.4 % had other religions .
Of those at least 15 years old , 54 ( 10.0 % ) people had a bachelor or higher degree , and 150 ( 27.8 % ) people had no formal qualifications . The median income was $ 24,000 , compared with $ 31,800 nationally . The employment status of those at least 15 was that 240 ( 44.4 % ) people were employed full-time , 78 ( 14.4 % ) were part-time , and 39 ( 7.2 % ) were unemployed .
Marae
Whakakī is a marae ( meeting place ) and wharenui ( meeting house ) for the Ngāi Te Ipu hapu ( subtribe ) of Ngāti Kahungunu iwi . ( tribe ) .
Education
Whakaki Native School was established in 1912 . It was damaged in the 1931 Hawke 's Bay earthquake and ( as Whakaki Maori School ) celebrated its golden jubilee in 1962. but no longer exists .
References
Wairoa District
Populated places in the Hawke 's Bay Region
Populated places around Hawke Bay
Food powder or powdery food is the most common format of dried solid food material that meets specific quality standards , such as moisture content , particle size , and particular morphology . Common powdery food products include milk powder , tea powder , cocoa powder , coffee powder , soybean flour , wheat flour , and chili powder . Powders are particulate discrete solid particles of size ranging from nanometres to millimetres that generally flow freely when shaken or tilted . The bulk powder properties are the combined effect of particle properties by the conversion of food products in solid state into powdery form for ease of use , processing and keeping quality . Various terms are used to indicate the particulate solids in bulk , such as powder , granules , flour and dust , though all these materials can be treated under powder category . These common terminologies are based on the size or the source of the materials .
The particle size , distribution , shape and surface characteristics and the density of the powders are highly variable and depend on both the characteristics of the raw materials and processing conditions during their formations . These parameters contribute to the functional properties of powders , including flowability , packaging density , ease of handling , dust forming , mixing , compressibility and surface activity .
Characteristics
Microstructure
Food powder may be amorphous or crystalline in their molecular level structure . Depending on the process applied , the powders can be produced in either of these forms . Powders in crystalline state possess defined molecular alignment in the long-range order , while amorphous state is disordered , more open and porous . Common powders found in crystalline states are salts , sugars and organic acids . Meanwhile , many food products such as dairy powders , fruit and vegetable powders , honey powders and hydrolysed protein powders are normally in amorphous state . The properties of food powder including their functionality and their stability are highly dependent on these structures . Many of the desired and important properties of the food materials can be achieved by altering these structures .
Powder surface composition and total surface area
Powder is a particulated food with a large interfacial area . Food is a composite mixture of mainly protein , carbohydrate , fat and minerals . These components can absorb water molecules in their active hydration sites . The amount and rate of water adsorption depends on the bulk and particles ' surface composition , total particle surface area ( particle size ) , internal porosity and molecular structure . As the particulated foods ( powders ) have a larger surface area and broken chemical structure at the interface compared with the bulk food , water hydration rate and absolute hydration capacity is larger than in the bulk material of same species .
Powder also has a composite surface with various sized capillaries and geometrical patterns which results in slow penetration of water . Powders with a high amount of low molecular weight carbohydrates or protein are hygroscopic ( uptake moisture quickly ) , thus dissolve with ease . Crystalline powders are slow to dissolve because the dissolution needs to progress from outside to inside as the water molecules can not penetrate quickly due to the tight molecular structure of crystals .
Formation
In many processing situations , the powder forms are essential , such as in mixing and dissolution . Powder particles are created from bulk solid materials by dehydration and grinding .
Dehydration
Drying ( dehydrating ) is one of the oldest and easiest methods of food preservation . Dehydration is the process of removing water or moisture from a food product by heating at right temperature as well as containing air movement and dry air to absorb and carry the released moisture away . Reducing the moisture content of food prevents the growth of microorganisms such as bacteria , yeast and molds and slows down enzymatic reactions that take place within food . The combination of these events helps to prevent spoilage in dried food .
The foods can be dried using several methods either in the sun or oven or even food dehydrator . However , sun dried method requires warm days of 29.4 °C or higher , low humidity and insect control while oven-baked is less efficient as it may destroy the nutrients of the food . It is recommended to use electric hot air food dehydrator which is simple and easy to design , construct and maintain . In fact , it is very affordable and has been reported to retain most of the nutritional properties of food if dry using appropriate drying conditions .
Grinding
Grinding is the process of breaking solid food items into smaller particles including powders by using food processors .
See also
Chili powder
Matcha
Paprika
Powdered eggs
Powdered milk
References
Food science
Powders
ABA Chemicals is a Chinese chemical manufacturing company headquartered in Taicang . The company was founded in 2006 as Suzhou ABA Chemicals , and is traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange as 300261 .
The company provides contract development and manufacturing services to the pharmaceutical , biotechnological , and agrochemical industries . It offers various services for the production of fine chemicals ; intermediates ; and active pharmaceutical ingredients . The company also provides unnatural amino acids , pyrazoles , triazoles , and azaindoles , as well as producing an intermediate of API Levetiracetam for the treatment of epilepsy .
The company is also involved in pesticide manufacturing intermediates , and acquired the Chinese firm Shanghai Puyi Chemical to consolidate its position in this market . It also acquired Amino Chemicals , a pharmaceutical API intermediate manufacturer and member of the Dipharma Group , in 2017 ; Amino is based on Malta and was established in 1992 . ABA and Dipharma began a working partnership in the 1980s , which provided Dipharma access to the Chinese pharmaceutical market .
As of 2017 , ABA had six facilities , three manufacturing facilities in Jiangsu Province and three research and development facilities in Shanghai . The manufacturing facility in Taicang was ISO 9001 , ISO 14001 and OSHAS 18001 certified as of 2016 .
References
External links
Chemical companies of China
Companies based in Jiangsu
Ilgar Hasanov ( ; born 1964 ) is an artist , musician , composer , and actor . They act in both movies and on stage and has experience as both a performer and teacher . They graduated from Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography ( VGIK ) in Moscow , Russia and played leading roles , co-leads , and secondary leading roles in many plays in the Azerbaijani State Theater of the Young Spectators , Russian Drama Theater , Academic Opera and Ballet Theater , and many others .
In 1989 , Ilgar Hasanov played the leading role in Jahangir Zeynalli 's film , Elaqe , the first psychological sci-fi film in Azerbaijan . Their filmography includes Contact ( 1989 ) , Circle ( 1989 ) , Opposition , Through the Eyes of a Ghost ( 2010 ) ( Watch on YouTube ) , Karabakhname , Babu ( 2013 ) ( Watch on YouTube ) , and Victims of Love `` Məhəbbət Qurbanları '' ( 2017 ) . They also acted in episodic roles on television series in Turkey , Azerbaijan , and other countries . Additionally , they are a member of the Finnish Composers ' Copyright Society through Teosto and has partnered with Lasse Heikkilä , a Finnish composer , in the past . Ilgar Hasanov has also composed many praise and worship songs which are incorporated in services at Greater Grace churches around the world .
Ilgar Hasanov was admitted to the Faculty of Cinematography at the University of Cinematography in Moscow . They studied in the class of the prominent actor Aleksey Batalov . During their student years , Ilgar Hasanov was very active . After graduating from university , they returned to Baku . They performed in mass and episodic scenes first in the Azerbaijani State Theater of the Young Spectators , then Russian Drama Theater , learning the subtleties and intricacies of this field from well-known stage luminaries . In 1988 , at the suggestion of film director Jahangir Zeynalli , they starred in the film Contact . The film is based on Anar Rzayev 's novel `` Contact '' .
Ilgar Hasanov , in an interview , said , `` I play every role on stage with emotion and passion , I live the character , I try to convey to the audience the psychological state of the protagonist , which worries me a lot in life . ''
Performances
Ilgar Hasanov played the role of Alyosha in `` The Brothers Karamazov '' at Russian Drama Theater in Baku , Azerbaijan , in 2010 .
References
1964 births
Living people
Manchester is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Manchester-by-the-Sea , Massachusetts . Located in Downtown Manchester , it serves the Newburyport/Rockport Line . Although the official name is `` Manchester '' , the station is signed as `` Manchester by the Sea '' .
A small parking area is provided for local commuters . The station is accessible , with mini-high platforms at the outbound end of the platform .
History
The Gloucester Branch opened from Beverly to Manchester in August 1847 . It was extended to Gloucester station in December 1847 , and to Rockport in November 1861 . The line later passed to the Eastern Railroad , which itself was absorbed by the Boston and Maine Railroad .
The original passenger station was replaced by a newer station in 1895 . Neither survive , but the original freight house is present and used as a community center . West Manchester station , which was located on Boardman Street , was closed in early 1940 .
When the MBTA was formed in August 1964 to subsidize suburban commuter service , Manchester was the northeast limit of its funding district . On January 18 , 1965 , the Boston & Maine cut Gloucester Branch service back to Manchester . After Gloucester and Rockport reached funding deals to subsidize out-of-district operations , full service was returned to Rockport on June 28 , 1965 . The 1895-built station was demolished by 1977 and replaced by a laundromat .
References
External links
MBTA - Manchester
Station from Google Maps Street View
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County , Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
Fremont County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census the population was 6,605 , making it the state 's seventh-least populous county . The county seat is Sidney . The county was formed in 1847 and named for the military officer John C. Fremont .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.1 % ) is water .
Major highways
Interstate 29
U.S. Highway 59
U.S. Highway 275
Iowa Highway 2
Iowa Highway 333
Adjacent counties
Mills County ( north )
Page County ( east )
Atchison County , Missouri ( south )
Otoe County , Nebraska ( southwest )
Cass County , Nebraska ( northwest )
History
Fremont County was impacted by the 2019 Midwestern U.S. floods . Buyouts are under discussion for residents in Hamburg and McPaul .
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 6,605 in the county , with a population density of . 95.65 % of the population reported being of one race . 91.01 % were non-Hispanic White , 0.17 % were Black , 2.88 % were Hispanic , 0.29 % were Native American , 0.17 % were Asian , 0.08 % were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 5.42 % were some other race or more than one race . There were 3,110 housing units , of which 2,720 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 7,441 in the county , with a population density of . There were 3,431 housing units , of which 3,064 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 8,010 people , 3,199 households , and 2,242 families residing in the county . The population density was 16 people per square mile ( 6/km2 ) . There were 3,514 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 98.01 % White , 0.04 % Black or African American , 0.24 % Native American , 0.24 % Asian , 0.96 % from other races , and 0.51 % from two or more races . 2.17 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 3,199 households , out of which 30.20 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.90 % were married couples living together , 8.20 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.90 % were non-families . 26.30 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 14.90 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.93 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 25.10 % under the age of 18 , 6.00 % from 18 to 24 , 24.30 % from 25 to 44 , 24.70 % from 45 to 64 , and 19.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 41 years . For every 100 females there were 95.50 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.80 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 38,345 , and the median income for a family was $ 46,547 . Males had a median income of $ 30,822 versus $ 23,003 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,081 . About 6.50 % of families and 9.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 11.40 % of those under age 18 and 10.70 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Farragut
Hamburg
Imogene
Randolph
Riverton
Shenandoah ( part )
Sidney
Tabor
Thurman
Census-designated places
Anderson
Bartlett
Percival
Other unincorporated places
McPaul
Townships
Fremont County is divided into thirteen townships :
Benton
Fisher
Green
Locust Grove
Madison
Monroe
Prairie
Riverside
Riverton
Scott
Sidney
Walnut
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Fremont County .
† county seat
Politics
Prior to 1944 , Fremont County was a swing county in presidential elections , voting for the national winner in every election from 1904 to 1940 . Starting with the 1944 election , the county has become a Republican Party stronghold , only failing to back a Republican presidential candidate in 1964 amidst Lyndon B. Johnson 's national landslide .
Education
School districts include :
Fremont-Mills Community School District
Hamburg Community School District
Shenandoah Community School District
Sidney Community School District
Former school districts :
Farragut Community School District
See also
Fremont County Courthouse ( Iowa )
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fremont County , Iowa
References
External links
1847 establishments in Iowa
Iowa counties on the Missouri River
Populated places established in 1847
John Robert Edward Lee Sr. ( January 26 , 1864 – April 6 , 1944 ) was an early leader in African-American education . They served as the third President of Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University , a historically black college , from 1924 to 1944 .
Biography
John Robert Edward Lee was born into slavery to John and Mary ( Mayes ) Lee in Seguin , Texas . They attended Bishop College , starting in 1883 with preparatory classes and graduating with honors in 1889 , the third person to graduate with an A.B . from Bishop . They spent the next two years as the principal of a two-teacher school in Palestine , Texas . In 1891 , they returned to Bishop to spend the next decade there as a faculty member , serving as Dean of Men and Professor of history , mathematics , and Latin . In 1895 , they married Ardelia Wilson and they would have seven children .
In 1901 , they became head of the Division of Mathematics at the Tuskegee University under the leadership of Dr. Booker T. Washington . After two years , they left to become professor of mathematics at Benedict College , but returned to Tuskegee as Director of the Academic Department in 1905 . In 1904 , Lee founded the National Association of Teachers in Colored Schools and served as president for its first five years . From 1915 to 1921 they served as principal of Lincoln High School in Kansas City , Missouri . For their work in these years they were awarded a number of honorary degrees : an M.A . from Bishop in 1903 , an LL.D . from Wilberforce University in 1918 for `` his unselfish educational and humanitarian services '' , and an LL.D . from Howard University . During this time they also took courses at the University of Wisconsin–Madison , University of Chicago , University of Minnesota , and Cornell University . In 1921 , they left education and became Extension Secretary of the National Urban League .
Following a recommendation from Jackson Davis , Lee became President of Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University in 1924 . Lee obtained greater funding for the university from the Florida Board of Control , the General Education Board , and the Rosenwald Fund and accreditation for the university from the Southern Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools . They were able to obtain greater salaries for teachers and administrators despite the statement of Florida Governor Fred P. Cone that `` no Negro was worth $ 4000 a year '' . By the end of Lee 's tenure , `` FAMU had constructed 48 buildings , accumulated 396 acres of land , and had 812 students and 122 staff members . ''
Lee died of pneumonia and was buried at their request in Marshall , Texas .
References
External links
1864 births
1944 deaths
People from Seguin , Texas
African-American educators
Bishop College alumni
Bishop College faculty
Tuskegee University faculty
Benedict College faculty
National Education Association people
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Chicago alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
Cornell University alumni
Presidents of Florida A & M University
Deaths from pneumonia in Texas
20th-century African-American people
Aravindan Puraskaram ( Aravindan Award ) is an award instituted in 1991 in the memory of iconic Malayalam filmmaker G. Aravindan for the best debutant director in Indian languages . The award comprises Rs . 25,000 , a memento and a citation . The award is facilitated by Kerala Chalachitra Film Society . The award presented on March 15 every year on the death anniversary of Aravindan who is considered one of the pioneers of parallel cinema in Malayalam .
Recipients
References
Lists of Indian award winners
Indian film awards
Indian film award winners
Kerala awards
1991 establishments in Kerala
Awards established in 1991
Omorgus tomentosus is a beetle of the family Trogidae .
References
tomentosus
Beetles described in 1941
Harry Fry ( born 18 December 1986 ) is a British racehorse trainer specialising in National Hunt racing . Fry has trained from stables at Corscombe in Dorset since 2020 , having previously been based at Seaborough in Dorset since taking out a trainer 's licence in October 2012 .
Fry has trained 2 winners at the Cheltenham Festival , Unowhatimeanharry and Love Envoi .
Prior to this they trained from the same stables but the licence was held by Paul Nicholls . Fry trained Rock On Ruby to win the 2012 Champion Hurdle but the victory was credited to Nicholls as the official trainer .
Cheltenham winners ( 2 )
Albert Bartlett Novices ' Hurdle - ( 1 ) - Unowhatimeanharry ( 2016 )
Dawn Run Mares ' Novices ' Hurdle - ( 1 ) Love Envoi ( 2022 )
Major wins
Great Britain
Liverpool Hurdle - ( 1 ) - If The Cap Fits ( 2019 ) Long Walk Hurdle - ( 1 ) - Unowhatimeanharry ( 2016 ) Tolworth Novices ' Hurdle - ( 1 ) - Metier ( 2021 ) Ireland
Champion Stayers Hurdle - ( 2 ) - Unowhatimeanharry ( 2017 , 2019 ) Mares Novice Hurdle Championship Final - ( 1 ) - Bitofapuzzle ( 2015 ) ''
References
External links
Harry Fry Racing - official website
1986 births
Living people
British horse trainers
Godington Boundry is an album by British musician Davy Graham , released in 1970 . It is credited to `` Davy Graham & Holly '' .
Reception
In their Allmusic review , critic Ritchie Unterberger wrote , `` This is n't Graham 's most focused or impressive album , but is basically in the same league as most of their early catalog ''
Track listing
`` I 'm a Freeborn Man ( of the Travelling People ) '' ( Ewan MacColl ) – 2:11
`` The Preacher '' ( Horace Silver ) – 2:59
`` All of Me '' ( Gerald Marks , Seymour Simons ) – 5:05
`` Afta '' ( Keshav Sathe ) – 3:20
`` On Green Dolphin Street '' ( Bronisław Kaper , Ned Washington ) – 1:58
`` Dallas Rag '' ( Traditional ) – 1:43
`` 'Round Midnight '' ( Thelonious Monk , Cootie Williams , Bernie Hanighen ) – 4:37
`` Work Song '' ( Nat Adderley , Oscar Brown , Jr. ) – 8:14
`` Joe , Joe , the Cannibal Kid '' ( Traditional ; arranged by Davy Graham ) – 1:48
`` Everything 's Fine Right Now '' ( Mike Heron ) – 1:42
`` A Mighty Fortress Is Our God ( Eine feste Burg ist unser Gott ) '' ( Martin Luther ; arranged by Davy Graham ) – 1:56
`` Mother Nature 's Son '' ( John Lennon , Paul McCartney ) – 1:55
`` Grooveyard '' ( Carl Perkins ) – 3:38
`` Forty Ton Parachute '' ( Davy Graham ) – 1:14
`` Nadu Silma '' ( Ahmed Abdul-Malik ) – 2:41
Personnel
Davy Graham – vocals , guitar
Holly Gwyn – vocals
Keshav Sathe – tabla
Eddie Tripp – bass
Tony Kinsey – drums
Technical
Frank Lee - producer , arrangements
Gerry Kitchingham - engineer
References
1970 albums
Davey Graham albums
See for Miles Records albums
Yevgeny Leonidovich Krinov ( ) ( 3 March 1906 – 2 January 1984 ) , D.G.S. , was a Soviet Russian astronomer and geologist , born in Otyassy ( ) village in the Morshansky District of the Tambov Governorate of the Russian Empire . Krinov was a renowned meteorite researcher ; the mineral Krinovite , discovered in 1966 , was named after him .
Scientific work
From 1926 through 1930 Yevgeny Krinov worked in the meteor division of the Mineralogy Museum of the Soviet Academy of Sciences . During this period they conducted research into the Tunguska event under the supervision of Leonid Kulik . Krinov took part in the longest expedition to the Tunguska site in the years 1929–1930 as an astronomer . The data that was gathered during this expedition became the basis for their 1949 monograph ( in Russian ) called The Tunguska Meteorite .
In 1975 , Yevgeny Krinov ordered the burning of 1500 negatives from a 1938 expedition by Leonid Kulik to the Tunguska event as part of an effort to dispose of hazardous nitrate film . Positive imprints were preserved for further studies in the Russian city of Tomsk .
Science awards
1961 - Doctor honoris causa awarded by Soviet Academy of Sciences
1971 - Leonard Medal
Legacy
A minor planet , 2887 Krinov , discovered in 1977 by Soviet astronomer Nikolai Stepanovich Chernykh , is named after him .
Selected bibliography
1947 Spectral Reflective Capacity of Natural Formations
1949 The Tunguska Meteorite ( Russian )
1952 Fundamentals of Meteoritics
1959 Sikhote-Alin Iron Meteorite Shower , Vol . I ( Russian )
1963 Sikhote-Alin Iron Meteorite Shower , Vol . II ( Russian )
1966 Giant Meteorites
References
External links
A list of people from Tambov , Russia , briefly mentioning Yevgeny Krinov
A short biography of Yevgeny Krinov
1906 births
1984 deaths
Russian astronomers
Soviet astronomers
Russian geologists
Soviet geologists
John William Patrick Smith ( born 17 March 1951 ) is a Welsh Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Vale of Glamorgan from the 1989 by-election to 1992 and from 1997 to the 2010 general elections .
Early life
Born in Penarth , they attended Fairfield County Primary School in Penarth . Subsequent to them passing the 'Eleven Plus Exams ' they attended Penarth County Grammar School ( which later became the comprehensive Stanwell School ) . They served for a while in the Royal Air Force , then worked as a carpenter and joiner for Vale Borough Council from 1971 to 1976 . They became a mature student in 1976 , studying at the Gwent College of Higher Education , then went to University College of Wales , Cardiff ( now Cardiff University ) graduating with a BSc in 1981 . They were then a university tutor until 1985 . From 1985 to 1989 , they were a senior lecturer in Business Studies . They became a campaign manager for Gwent Image Partnership , becoming chief executive from 1992 after they lost their seat by only 19 votes .
Parliamentary career
Having contested Vale of Glamorgan at the 1987 general election , they were first elected for the seat in a 1989 by-election , lost it to the Conservatives in 1992 by a very narrow margin , and regained it in 1997 . They were re-elected in 2001 and 2005 , and served as a member of the Defence Select Committee . They spent much of their time dealing with concerns over the future of RAF St Athan . On the issue of the Iraq War , Smith opposed any form of military action , and was deeply saddened by the parliamentary vote that supported British involvement in the war .
On 22 May 2009 , Smith announced that they would stand down at the 2010 general election .
Smith was a Member of the Defence Committee , and Chairman of the Wales Anti-Apartheid Movement ( WAAM )
Personal life
Smith came from a working class family , born and raised on a council estate . They married Kathleen Mulvaney ( now Kathleen Smith ) in 1971 in Liverpool . They have two sons and a daughter , and are now Grandparents .
References
External links
Guardian Unlimited Politics - Ask Aristotle : John Smith MP
TheyWorkForYou.com - John Smith MP
Vale of Glamorgan Labour
BBC Politics Profile
Wales Online
( Mixed with the British labour leader with the same name . )
News items
RAF St Athan in March 2005
RAF St Athan in October 2004
RAF St Athan in July 2003
Cardiff Airport in December 2002
1951 births
Living people
Welsh Labour Party MPs
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Alumni of the University of Wales
Alumni of Cardiff University
People from Penarth
People educated at Stanwell School
Politics of the Vale of Glamorgan
Ryan Adrien Bukvich ( born May 13 , 1978 ) is an American former professional baseball relief pitcher . They played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Kansas City Royals , Texas Rangers , Chicago White Sox , and Baltimore Orioles .
Career
Bukvich attended the University of Mississippi . Bukvich was called up to the White Sox in June along with Bret Prinz , replacing the struggling David Aardsma and Mike MacDougal . While Prinz remained with the team for only a matter of days , Bukvich stayed on the roster despite the subsequent return of both Aardsma and MacDougal . Bukvich appeared in 45 games with the White Sox in 2007 , going 1–0 with a 5.05 ERA . Their win on June 30 , 2007 against the Royals was their first since 2003 . They became a cult hero at U.S. Cellular Field , earning the nickname `` Iceman '' for their cool demeanor in pressure situations . Bukvich signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles on December 7 , 2007 .
Bukvich spent time during spring training recovering from an oblique injury . After several days of extended spring training , they joined the Triple-A Norfolk Tides of the International League . They became a free agent at the end of the season . In May 2009 , Bukvich signed with the Newark Bears .
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Kansas City Royals players
Texas Rangers players
Baltimore Orioles players
Chicago White Sox players
Baseball players from Chicago
Major League Baseball pitchers
Ole Miss Rebels baseball players
Sportspeople from Naperville , Illinois
Wilmington Blue Rocks players
Spokane Indians players
Charleston AlleyCats players
Wichita Wranglers players
Omaha Royals players
Arizona League Rangers players
Bakersfield Blaze players
Oklahoma RedHawks players
Charlotte Knights players
Norfolk Tides players
Newark Bears players
Aida Nersissyan ( , October 6 , 1948 , Yerevan , Armenia ) , Armenian broadcaster .
Biography
Aida Nersissyan was born in Yerevan . They finished Levon Arissyan School # 127 in Yerevan , and from 1966 to 1971 they studied at Philological Department of Yerevan State University , majoring in Armenian Language and Literature .
Beginning in 1971 Nersissyan worked at the Public Television company of Armenia as an announcer . They have worked in TV industry for about 30 years , presenting news broadcasts , programs on arts , cinema , literature and music , as well as educational programs . In 1987 they were granted a qualification of Eminent Announcer .
Nersissyan has prepared such announcers as Grigor Harutyunyan and Sirvard Ghazaryan .
During the years , when they worked at the Television Company , Nersissyan presented a series of educational programs titled Classics of Armenian Literature . These sessions were adapted to the school curriculum to inject patriotism and love of literature in students , help them improve their language and speak in clear , Armenian . In 2001 Nersissyan was laid off from work . From 2001 to 2009 they worked at Radio VEM as an announcer .
Social activity
After the collapse of the Soviet Union , Nersissyan conducted research for many years at public archives of Armenia and Georgia on their own initiative , with the aim of gathering information , documents and materials about outstanding Armenian military who were slaughtered with axes by bolsheviks in the jail of Yerevan the night between the February 17 and 18 , 1921 . With the support of the Armenia 's Defense Ministry , Nersissyan has authored and published a manual titled Soldier 's Book-Set and prepared a documentary film about one of these slaughtered heroes , commander of cavalry regiment in Gharakilisa battle , colonel Nikolay Ghorghanyan . Apart from this , they have found the place where these heroes were buried ( previously Park of Young Communists , now English Park ) . Later a memorial-cross was erected there for the martyred heroes .
References
1948 births
Living people
Television people from Yerevan
Yerevan State University alumni
Armenian broadcasters
Hervé Di Rosa ( born 1959 in Sète , Hérault ) is a French painter .
Born in Sète , France , Hervé Di Rosa is a French painter who brings to life unique characters who populate their work in the form of paintings , sculptures , installations and animations . Their style is similar to that of American artists Haring , Basquiat , Scharf and incorporates influences from graffiti and comic books . Di Rosa is a key figure in the `` Figuration Libre '' movement of French painters . Their work is often humorous and brash and shows their passion for kitsch or `` Art Modeste . '' In 2000 , Di Rosa built a Museum dedicated to Modest Art in Sète , France . In August 2006 they had a show of their work at the Bass Museum in Miami . They show regularly with the Gallery Haim-Chanin in New York and Louis Carré et Cie. in Paris .
Controversy
In April 2019 , controversy arose over a 1991 Di Rosa mural at the French Parliament which features two stereotypical blackface figures . The mural , meant to commemorate the 1794 abolition of slavery in France , was characterized as humiliating and dehumanizing by Mame-Fatou Niang of Carnegie Mellon and the French author Julien Suaudeau who launched a petition calling for the mural 's removal . The mural had come to Niang 's attention when it was tweeted to them by a French schoolgirl . Di Rosa responded to the criticism saying “ These two people allow themselves to accuse me of racism [ and ] have the nerve to act as spokespeople for the millions of victims [ of slavery ] and want to censor the work , ” and accepted no responsibility for any offense caused by the work nor acknowledged that it could even be honestly perceived as racist .
Selected exhibitions
1981 Eva Keppel Gallery , Düsseldorf , Swart Gallery , Amsterdam . - « Ateliers 81-82 » ARC , Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris .
1982 New York , « Statements New York 82 , Leading contemporary artists from France » , Holly Solomon Gallery : first encounter with Keith Haring , Tseng Kwong Chi , Kenny Scharf , Nicolas Moufarrege . Gillespie-Laage-Salomon Gallery , Paris .
1983 « Villa Medici hors les murs » PS1 New York . « Blanchard , Boisrond , Combas , Di Rosa » , Groninger Museum , Groningen . Barbara Gladstone Gallery , New York . Tony Shafrazi Gallery , New York .
References
External links
Official Website
Figuration Libre France/USA
Musée International des Arts Modestes
1959 births
Living people
People from Sète
Puppet designers
Neo-expressionist artists
Jose Manuel Canete Lopez is a Spanish lightweight rower . They won a gold medal at the 1983 World Rowing Championships in Duisburg with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
Living people
20th-century Spanish people
Francis Leke , 1st Earl of Scarsdale ( 1581–1655 ) of Sutton Scarsdale Hall , was an English peer who fought for the Royalist cause in the Civil War .
Origins
They were the son and heir of Sir Francis Leke ( d.1626 ) by their first wife Frances Swifte , a daughter and co-heiress of Robert Swifte of Bayton , by their wife Ellen Wickersley , daughter and heiress of Nicholas Wickersley of Yorkshire . Their half brother William Leke was the father of Sir Francis Leke , 1st Baronet .
Career
They were created a baronet in 1611 , and in 1624 was raised to the peerage as Baron Deincourt ( or d'Eyncourt ) of Sutton , a title assumed , as Thoroton supposes , ( vol . i. p. 213 , ) because Morton and Parkhall , in Derbyshire , both formerly the property , and the latter an ancient residence of the d'Eyncourts , had become the possession and inheritance of the family of Leke , and 'in memory ' , as they express it , 'of that illustrious stock , otherwise almost forgotten ' . ''
At the beginning of April 1643 Lord Deincourt began to fortify their house at Sutton . Sir John Gell , 1st Baronet sent their brother Colonel Thomas Gell , with 500 men and three pieces of ordnance , to besiege it . Lord Deincourt was summoned , but refused to surrender , and for some time obstinately defended himself . The house was taken , and Lord Deincourt and their men were made prisoners ; the works were demolished , and Lord Deincourt was set at liberty , on giving their word that they would go to Derby within eight days and submit themselves to the Parliament . Sir John Gell observes , that the forfeiture of their word , on this occasion , was revenged by the garrison at Bolsover , who some time afterwards , when that castle was in the hands of the Parliament , plundered Lord Deincourt 's house at Sutton . In the same year , fighting under Lord Deincourt 's banner , two of their sons were killed fighting for the king at the Battle of Lansdowne , on 5 July 1643 .
In 1645 Lord Deincourt was created Earl of Scarsdale . Having rendered themselves very obnoxious to Parliament by their exertions in the royal cause during the Civil War , their estates were sequestered ; and as they refused to accept a fine from the Committee for Compounding with Delinquents , they were sold . Their son procured some friends to be the purchasers , they 're paying the sum of £18,000 , fixed by the Parliamentary commissioners as the composition .
Death and burial
The Earl of Scarsdale having devoted himself , their family , and fortune , to the cause of King Charles I and monarchy , became so much mortified at the execution of King Charles , that they dressed themselves in sackcloth , and having their grave dug some years before their death , laid themselves down in it every Friday , exercising themselves frequently in divine meditations and prayers . They died at their house at Sutton Scarsdale on 9 April 1655 , and was buried in the church there .
Marriage and children
They married Anne Cary , a daughter of Sir Edward Cary of Berkhampstead , Hertfordshire , and a sister of Henry Cary , 1st Viscount Falkland , Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , by whom they had the following children :
Francis Leke , slain in France ;
Nicholas Leke , 2nd Earl of Scarsadale , known during their father 's lifetime as Lord Deincourt , the eldest son and heir . The titles became extinct on the death of Nicholas Leke , 4th Earl of Scarsdale in 1736 , when the family 's large estates were sold to meet debts .
Edward Leke and Charles Leke , who were slain at the Battle of Lansdowne in 1643 ;
Henry Leke , who died unmarried .
Anne Leke , the eldest daughter , who married Henry Hildyard of Winestead , Yorkshire
Catherine Leke , who married The Hon . Col. Cuthbert/Cutbert Morley ( buried in St Mary 's Church , Lambeth , 30 June 1669 ) of Hawnby/Hornby , Yorkshire . The only child and heiress of this marriage was Anne Morley ( died 20 September 1701 ) , who married the courtier Bernard Granville ( 1631-1701 ) of Birdcage Walk , Westminster , and Apps Court , Walton-on-Thames , Surrey , 4th son of Sir Bevil Grenville ( 1596–1643 ) of Stowe , Kilkhampton in Cornwall ( a Royalist who died heroically at the Battle of Lansdowne ) and younger brother of John Granville , 1st Earl of Bath .
Frances Leke , married Viscount Gormanston , in Ireland ;
Penelope Leke , married Charles , Lord Lucas of Shenfield ;
Elizabeth Leke and Muriel Leke , died unmarried .
Ballad
A song about their exploits was written by Richard Howitt ( one of the `` Worthies '' of Derbyshire ) , the first verse of which is :
Notes
References
Attribution
1655 deaths
1581 births
Cavaliers
Earls of Scarsdale
Peers of England created by James I
The Galápagos Islands xeric scrub , also known as the Galápagos Islands scrubland mosaic , is a terrestrial desert and xeric shrublands ecoregion that covers the Galápagos Islands . The Galápagos Islands are volcanic in origin , and remote from continents and other islands . The ecoregion is well known for its unique endemic species , including giant tortoises , birds , and marine iguanas , which evolved in isolation to adapt to islands ' environments .
Geography
The Galápagos Islands lie in the Pacific Ocean , about 960 km west of the South American mainland . They are politically part of Ecuador .
The Galápagos archipelago consists of 128 named islands . There are 13 islands larger than 10 km2 , 19 larger than 1 km2 , 42 islets smaller than 1 km2 , and at least 26 emergent rocks . The total land area of the archipelago is 8032 km2 . Isabela is the largest and highest island , with an area of 4,588 km2 and reaching an elevation of 1,707 meters .
The islands are volcanic in origin , formed by the Galápagos hotspot . The eastern islands are generally older , dating back 3 to 6 million years , while the western islands are less than 1 million years old . Surface geology consists of volcanic rock , typically basalt , and includes pumice , ash , and tuff ejected from volcanoes . The landscape has volcanic features like crater lakes , lava fields , lava tubes , fumaroles , and sulfur vents . Soils are generally young and thin .
Four islands – Isabela , Santa Cruz , San Cristóbal , and Floreana – are permanently inhabited . The islands have approximately 30,000 permanent residents . There are docks on all the inhabited islands , and an airport on San Cristóbal . Baltra Island has an airport , military base , tourism dock , and fuel facilities .
Climate
The climate is tropical , oceanic , and semi-arid , influenced by the annual movements of ocean currents . There are two main seasons . The dry or garúa ( misty ) season generally lasts from May to December , influenced by the cool Humboldt Current coming from the south . The dry season is characterized by cooler temperatures and lower rainfall . Mist and drizzling rain , known as garúa , occurs during this season , particularly in the highlands . August is typically the coolest and driest month , with temperatures as low as 18°C and as little as 5 mm of rainfall .
The hot and wet season extends December to May , influenced by the warm Panama Current from the north shifting to surround the islands . This season brings warmer temperatures and higher rainfall . March is typically the warmest and wettest month , with temperatures as high as 30°C and as much as 80 mm of rainfall .
Temperature and rainfall vary with elevation , creating a range of microclimates on the higher islands . Average annual temperature declines an average of 0.9°C for every 100 meters of elevation , and rainfall increases . Average annual rainfall for the archipelago is 356 mm at sea level and 1092 mm at 200 meters elevation .
Flora
Most of the Galápagos is covered in semi-desert vegetation , including shrublands , grasslands , and dry forest . A few of the islands have high-elevation areas with cooler temperatures and higher rainfall , which are home to humid-climate forests and shrublands , and montane grasslands , or pampas , at the highest elevations . There are about 500 species of native vascular plants on the islands , including 90 species of ferns . About 180 vascular plant species are endemic .
Coastal plant communities are generally low-growing shrubs and herbs which are tolerant of drought and salt spray . Typical plants include the shrubs saltbush ( Cryptocarpus pyriformis ) and Maytenus octagona . Herbaceous seashore plants include the widespread beach morning glory ( Ipomoea pes-caprae ) and Sesuvium portulacastrum , and the endemic Galápagos carpet weed ( Sesuvium edmonstonei ) .
Mangroves grow in calm inlets and lagoons . Typical species include red mangrove ( Rhizophora mangle ) , black mangrove ( Avicennia germinans ) , and white mangrove ( Laguncularia racemosa ) and button mangrove ( Conocarpus erectus ) .
The arid zone lies inland of the coastal zone and extends to 200 meters elevation or higher . It covers most of the archipelago . It includes trees , shrubs , cacti , and herbs adapted to dry conditions . Common trees include the palo santo ( Bursera graveolens ) and paga paga ( Pisonia floribunda ) , and the endemic trees guayabillo ( Psidium galapageium ) and Bursera malacophylla , which is found only on Seymour , Baltra and Daphne islands . Cacti include several endemic species of Opuntia – Opuntia echios , O. helleri , and others – and the endemic genera Jasminocereus and Brachycereus . Ground cover plants include low shrubs , like the endemic bitterbush ( Castela galapageia ) and species of the endemic genus Lecocarpus , and herbaceous plants . Herbaceous arid zone species include the endemic genera Tiquilia and Chamaesyce , Galápagos tomato ( Solanum galapagense ) , and stinking passion flower ( Passiflora foetida ) .
On islands that reach higher elevations , there is transition zone between the arid and humid zones between 200 and 300 meters elevation . Transition zone plants include Pisonis floribunda and Psidium galapageium at lower elevations , and P. galapageium with Scalesia trees closer to the humid zone .
The humid zone lies above 300 meters elevation . It has higher rainfall than lower-elevation areas , and the dry-season garua fogs reduce plants ' loss of moisture through evaporation and provide some moisture from condensation . Woodlands of Scalesia trees , 5 to 15 meters tall , are predominant from 300 to 500 meters elevation , with over 20 species of the endemic genus across the high islands of the archipelago .
The low tree cat 's claw ( Zanthoxylum fagara ) is most abundant between 500 and 600 meters elevation , in the transition between the Scalesia woodlands below and the Miconia shrublands above . The endemic shrub Miconia robinsoniana is predominant between 600 and 700 meters elevation , particularly on Santa Cruz and San Cristóbal islands , forming shrublands 3 to 4 meters high .
High-elevation grasslands , known as pampa , are found above 900 meters elevation . The pampa is lush with grasses , ferns , sphagnum moss , and orchids . Purthieva maculata is one of 11 species of orchids found here . The endemic tree fern Cyathea weatherbyana is a pampa native .
Fauna
The Galápagos is home to many endemic species of reptiles , birds , mammals , land snails , insects .
There are 19 resident seabird species , including five endemic species . Endemic seabirds include the Galapagos penguin ( Spheniscus mendiculus ) , waved albatross ( Phoebastria irrorata ) , flightless cormorant ( Nannopterum harrisi ) , swallow-tailed gull ( Creagrus furcatus ) , and lava gull ( Leucophaeus fuliginosus ) .
The islands are home to 29 native species of land birds , 24 of which are endemic . Endemic species include the Galapagos hawk ( Buteo galapagoensis ) , Galapagos dove ( Zenaida galapagoensis ) , Galapagos rail ( Laterallus spilonota ) , Galápagos martin ( Progne modesta ) , and four species of mockingbirds from genus Nesomimus . There are about 18 distinct species of endemic tanagers on the island , collectively known as Darwin 's finches .
There are 22 endemic reptile species in the Galápagos . Notable species include the giant Galápagos tortoise ( Geochelone spp . ) , which evolved 14 or 15 distinct species , of which 11 remain . Other endemic reptiles include the marine iguana ( Amblyrhynchus cristatus ) and three species of snakes , the Galápagos racer ( Pseudalsophis biserialis ) , Pseudalsophis dorsalis , and Pseudalsophis slevini .
There are nine known species of terrestrial mammals – four surviving and three extinct species of rice rats , and two species of bats .
The four surviving species of rice rat live on uninhabited islands – Nesoryzomys fernandinae and Nesoryzomys indefessus narboroughi on Fernandina , Nesoryzomys swarthi on Santiago , and Aegialomys galapagoensis on Santa Fé . The other species were driven to extinction by competition with introduced black rats ( Rattus rattus ) .
The hoary bat ( Lasiurus cinereus ) is an insect-eating species that roosts on mangroves and shrubs . It is found on Santa Cruz , San Cristóbal , Isabela , Santiago , and Floreana . The Galápagos red bat ( Lasiurus blossevillii brachyotis ) inhabits Santa Cruz and San Cristóbal , where feeds near the ground on insects .
Conservation and threats
Most of the islands ' land and marine area is permanently protected . Invasive species are considered the greatest current threat to the Galápagos ' native animals and plants . Non-native species compete with native ones for habitat , and some prey on natives unadapted to predation . Non-native species have been introduced since the islands were first visited by humans , and the islands ' growing human population and increasing movement of goods and people to the islands are introducing new non-native species at a high rate .
Protected areas
97 % of the islands ' land area is in Galápagos National Park , which was created in 1959 . Human settlements are limited to the remaining 3 % of the islands , located on the four permanently inhabited islands . Access to the uninhabited islands is strictly controlled , and visitor numbers and itineraries are limited and planned by authorities . Approximately 170,000 people visit the islands each year .
In 1986 the Galápagos Marine Reserve was created , with an area of 70,000 km2 . In 1998 the marine reserve was enlarged to 133,000 km2 .
References
Ecoregions of Ecuador
Deserts and xeric shrublands
Neotropical ecoregions
Endemic Bird Areas
Eicochrysops rogersi , the Rogers ' blue , is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in central and southern Kenya and possibly Tanzania . The habitat consists of savanna .
References
Butterflies described in 1924
Eicochrysops
Hayrulla Karimov ( born 22 April 1978 in Namangan region , Uzbekistan ) is a former Uzbek international footballer .
Career
Club
Karimov started their career in Navbahor Namangan . In 1996 , they won Uzbek League with club . They played for Navbahor from 1996 to 2004 . In 2005 , they joined Mash'al Mubarek and finished runner-up in League . Karimov moved to Bunyodkor in 2008 . They are currently one of the leading players of Bunyodkor and captain of the team . On 7 March 2014 Bunyodkor won 2013 UzPFL Supercup and became the only player who won this Cup twice . In 1999 , they won first UzPFL Supercup with Navbahor Namangan .
International
Karimov has made 16 appearances for the Uzbekistan national football team .
Career statistics
Club
International
Statistics accurate as of match played 1 April 2017
Honours
Club
Navbahor
Uzbek League : 1996
Uzbek Cup : 1998
Uzbekistan Supercup : 1999
Mash'al
Uzbek League runner-up : 2005
Uzbek Cup runner-up : 2006
Bunyodkor
Uzbek League ( 4 ) : 2008 , 2009 , 2011 , 2013
Uzbek Cup ( 3 ) : 2008 , 2012 , 2013
Uzbekistan Supercup : 2013
AFC Champions League Semifinal ( 2 ) : 2008 , 2012
References
External links
Living people
1977 births
People from Namangan Region
Uzbekistani footballers
Uzbekistan international footballers
FC Bunyodkor players
2007 AFC Asian Cup players
Association football defenders
Afraid of Heights is the fifth studio album by the Canadian rock band Billy Talent , released on July 29 , 2016 . It is the band 's first album in four years following 2012 's Dead Silence .
It is the first album recorded without drummer Aaron Solowoniuk who had suffered a multiple sclerosis relapse and had to take a hiatus from recording and performing to focus on their health . Jordan Hastings of Alexisonfire and Say Yes recorded the drums for the album and played on the supporting tour . The album sold approximately 53,000 units in its first week .
Recording and release
On January 5 , 2016 , the band posted a photo of a Condenser microphone on their Facebook page , with the caption `` It begins '' , alluding to the beginning of the recording for the album . On January 15 , 2016 , drummer Aaron Solowoniuk announced through a YouTube video that they would not be able to play drums for the foreseeable future due to a multiple sclerosis relapse . They also announced that Alexisonfire drummer , Jordan Hastings , would be recording the new album with the band , as well as performing on the tour supporting the album , though Solowoniuk would still be in the studio with the band and involved in a smaller capacity .
On May 12 , 2016 , the band released the first single off the album – `` Afraid of Heights '' , for free streaming on Alternative Press . A day later , the single was released through YouTube , iTunes , Spotify and other digital retailers .
On June 3 , 2016 , the band released a lyric video for the album 's second single – `` Louder than the DJ '' . The song was performed live for the first time , a few days earlier , along with the first single `` Afraid of Heights '' and another new song – `` Big Red Gun '' , on the band 's first tour date of 2016 , at the Anabuk Festival in Moscow , Russia .
On July 21 , 2016 , the band released the official music video for the first single off the album , `` Afraid of Heights '' . It was directed by Alon Isocianu , and is the band 's first video featuring Jordan Hastings on drums .
On August 11 , 2016 , the band released the official music video for the second single , `` Louder than the DJ '' . It is a live performance video and was directed by the band 's drummer Aaron Solowoniuk and the band 's principal photographer Dustin Rabin .
Track listing
Japanese edition bonus track
Deluxe edition bonus disc
Personnel
Billy Talent
Ben Kowalewicz – lead vocals
Ian D'Sa – guitar , vocals , piano , programming , additional percussion , production
Jon Gallant – bass , backing vocals
Aaron Solowoniuk – drums ( only on `` Leave Them All Behind ( demo version ) ''
Jordan Hastings – drums , percussion
Additional personnel
Eric Ratz – engineering
Kenny Luong – digital engineering
Chris Lord-Alge – mixing ( all tracks except track 2 )
Rich Costey – mixing ( track 2 )
Ted Jensen – mastering
Nik Karpen – assistant engineering
Martin Cooke – assistant engineering
Luke Schindler – assistant engineering
Ryan Jones – assistant engineering
Igor Hofbauer – artwork and illustrations
Antje Schröder – layout and package design
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
2016 albums
Billy Talent albums
Asymmetry is the second album by British rock band Mallory Knox . It was released on 27 October 2014 via Search and Destroy and Epic Records and was produced by Gil Norton . It is the band 's first release after departing from A Wolf at Your Door Records .
Asymmetry charted at no . 16 in the UK album charts in the first week of sales . Like their debut album , it was released to very high positive reviews from music critics .
Background and composition
The band signed to a major label and received `` all the ability that gives you when it comes to writing and recording '' , according to vocalist Mikey Chapman . Despite having waited a year before releasing Signals , the group did not write any new material . When the band began writing new compositions they were stuck writing unsatisfactory material for a few months . Eventually , the group `` got into this rhythm '' , according to bassist Sam Douglas and wrote the album in a month . A few parts that did not make it on to Signals was used for Asymmetry . Half of the lyrics were written by Douglas , and the other half by Chapman . Douglas mentioned that the lyrics were about `` love and loss '' , while Chapman said the lyrics were `` a lot more direct this time . '' Looking back in 2017 , Douglas said `` we 'd broken up with girlfriends , so we had love songs to get out . ''
The band wanted to write an album that they would listen to if they were another band . `` Ghost in the Mirror '' is about feeling haunted by someone 's presence when they 're not really there . `` Getaway '' is about the complications of a relationship . `` Dying to Survive '' is Chapman venting their frustration towards the difference in treating different people . `` Shout at the Moon '' is `` about that period between being awake and sleep '' . `` Fire '' tells a story of when your home and safe haven is taken away from you with `` When Are We Waking Up '' continuing from that stating that you still have the power to change things and you should never lose hope . `` She Took Him to the Lake '' expresses a range of emotions in general . It was originally made of two separate songs , `` She Took Him '' and `` To the Lake '' . `` Heart & Desire '' is a personal song to Chapman and tells a story about a person they moved away from but despite the sadness they are grateful for the times together . `` Heart & Desire '' was easier to write compared to the other songs , according to Chapman . `` Lonely Hours '' is about forgiving and forgetting for your own sanity . `` The Remedy '' expresses the time where you give into emotions and urges . `` Dare You '' is another personal experience of Chapman 's when they wrote the song during a time when they felt destroyed .
Recording
On 6 January 2014 Mallory Knox began pre-production at Moles Studio in Bath , England with producer Gil Norton . The group were initially nervous working with Norton . While doing pre-production on `` Ghost in the Mirror '' , Norton was strident about a particular section of the song , which made Chapman realised they `` need [ ed ] to speak my mind here and hope it does n't fall to pieces '' . The band planned to be in the studio for over a month . The studio burnt down , forcing the band to move to another studio . The group soon `` ran out of time there '' , according to Chapman , resulting in them moving to another studio . The band tracked drums in two weeks , then proceeded to work on bass , guitars and vocals . The group spent nearly three months in the studio , eventually leaving in April . In the Rock Sound magazine , the band stated that they had written 16 songs , but are going to commit to 10 or 11 of them for the follow up to their previous album , Signals ( 2013 ) . They also stated that the album could be released as early as spring in the same year .
Release
The band 's second album was officially announced in late June 2014 on their social media outlets , revealing the album 's artwork , its title Asymmetry . The first song heard off the album , titled `` QOD II '' , was streamed on BBC Radio 1 with Zane Lowe in early June . After it was played on the radio it was made available of the band 's official YouTube channel . The first single released was `` Ghost in the Mirror '' on 30 June along with the announcement of the album 's other details , also revealing that `` QOD II '' is in fact a bonus track of the deluxe edition of the album . In the following month the official music video for the single was also released , along with pre-orders also made available of which when you pre-ordered you would gain the single . According to Chapman , the band wanted the video to have a `` dark , moody feel '' to match the song . The third song to be released of the album was `` Shout At the Moon '' on 10 September and was also accompanied by a music video . The song itself is intended to be released as the second single off the album on 26 October , a day before the release of the album itself . The album was initially planned for release on 13 October through Search and Destroy and Epic Records . It was delayed to 27 October .
The band is set to headline in a UK tour throughout November along with support acts Frank Iero , Fort Hope and Moose Blood . Due to popular demand this tour was extended by adding another date to their London show . Asked where the concept for the `` Heart & Desire '' video came from , Chapman replied that the band `` love the whole space [ setting ] ! Movies set in space are the most captivating because there 's always a chance of something going wrong . ''
Reception
Rob Sayce of Rock Sound wrote that the album `` picks up exactly where ‘ Signals ' left off . '' They remarked the album was full of `` ingenious vocal interplay and moments of genuine audacity '' . They concluded with saying the collection of songs `` place [ the band ] on the top tier of British rock '' .
The album was included at number 39 on Rock Sounds `` Top 50 Albums of the Year '' list . The album was included at number 16 on Kerrang ! s `` The Top 50 Rock Albums Of 2014 '' list .
Track listing
Personnel
Mallory Knox
Mikey Chapman – lead vocals
Sam Douglas – vocals , bass guitar
James Gillett – rhythm guitar , backing vocals
Joe Savins – lead guitar , backing vocals
Dave Rawling – drums
Chart positions
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Asymmetry ( deluxe ) at YouTube ( streamed copy where licensed )
2014 albums
Albums produced by Gil Norton
Mallory Knox albums
Epic Records albums
Mike Jankowski , ( born 1976 ) known as `` Coach Janks , '' is a skiing and snowboarding coach .
Early life
Jankowski is from Memphis , Tennessee , the youngest child of Madaline and Len Jankowski . They graduated from Christian Brothers High School , and attended Northern Arizona University .
Coaching career
In the mid-to-late 1990s , Jankowski was a snowboarding instructor at Arizona Snowbowl near Flagstaff .
They were coach of the U.S . Junior National Team , then promoted to assistant coach of the Olympic Team , before being given the head coaching job .
Jankowski was the Head U.S. Freeskiing and U.S. Snowboarding Coach , and the U.S. Snowboarding Halfpipe and Slopestyle Head Coach , for the 2014 U.S. Snowboarding Team at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia .
They have coached Gretchen Bleiler , Kelly Clark , Arielle Gold , Taylor Gold , Danny Kass , Scotty Lago , Hannah Teter , and Shaun White , and as of February 2014 had coached athletes to 19 Olympic medals since 2006 .
References
Living people
Sportspeople from Memphis , Tennessee
Northern Arizona University alumni
Snowboarding in the United States
Skiing in the United States
1976 births
Machanga District is a district of Sofala Province in Mozambique . The principal town is Machanga . The district is located in the south of the province , and borders with Buzi District in the north , Mabote and Govuro Districts of Inhambane Province in the south , Machaze District of Manica Province in the west , and with Chibabava District in the northwest . In the east , the district is limited by the Indian Ocean . The area of the district is . It has a population of 51,855 as of 2007 .
Geography
The principal river in the district is the Save River , which separates it from Inhambane Province .
According to the Köppen climate classification , the climate of the district is tropical wet and dry ( Aw ) , with the average annual rainfall varying between and .
History
The district was established on 25 July 1986 .
Demographics
As of 2005 , 46 % of the population of the district was younger than 15 years . 25 % did speak Portuguese . The most common mothertongue is Cindau . 81 % were analphabetic , mostly women .
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos , Machanga ( one locality ) , Divinhe ( three localities ) , and Chiloane ( two localities ) .
Economy
Less than 1 % of the households in the district have access to electricity .
Agriculture
In the district , there are 8,000 farms which have on average of land . The main agricultural products are corn , cassava , cowpea , peanut , sorghum , sweet potato , and rice .
Transportation
There road network in the district is underdeveloped and consists of two secondary roads , ER428 and ER429 , in a bad state .
References
Districts in Sofala Province
States and territories established in 1986
James Manuel Costa ( born April 13 , 1952 ) is an American politician serving as the U.S. representative for . Serving as a Democrat in Congress since 2013 , they represented from 2005 to 2013 . The district includes most of Fresno . Costa served in the California State Assembly from 1978 to 1994 and in the State Senate from 1994 to 2002 . At the time of their election to the California State Legislature , they were the youngest member of the legislature at the age of 26 . During their time in the California State Assembly , they served as the Majority Caucus Chair . Costa chaired the Blue Dog Coalition and was ranking member of the United States House Agriculture Subcommittee on Rural Development , Research , Biotechnology , and Foreign Agriculture .
Early life and education
Born in Fresno , Costa is a third-generation family farmer . Their grandparents emigrated from the Azores in the early 20th century . They graduated from San Joaquin Memorial High School ( 1970 ) and from Fresno State ( 1974 ) , where they were a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon . They worked as a Special Assistant to Congressman John Krebs ( 1975–76 ) and as Administrative Assistant to Assemblyman Rick Lehman ( 1976–78 ) .
California legislature
Costa represented part of Fresno County in the state legislature for 24 years , serving in the State Assembly ( 1978–94 ) and the State Senate ( 1994-2002 ) . In 1986 , they were cited for soliciting prostitution after being arrested with a 19-year-old prostitute to whom Costa paid $ 50 . Calling the incident `` an error of judgment '' , they pleaded no contest to the charge .
U.S. House of Representatives
Elections
2004
In 2004 , Costa entered the Democratic primary for the 20th district , which was opened up by the retirement of its seven-term incumbent , Cal Dooley . Dooley endorsed their chief of staff , Lisa Quigley , as their successor , but most of the state 's Democratic Party establishment , including Senator Dianne Feinstein , endorsed Costa , who won the bruising primary and faced Republican state senator Roy Ashburn in November .
The 20th district is a heavily Democratic , 63 % Latino-majority district ; it gave Al Gore their highest vote total outside the state 's two large conurbations ( Sacramento and the San Francisco Bay Area in the north and Los Angeles and San Diego to the south ) . Nonetheless , the Republicans spent a substantial amount of money on the race . Ashburn 's campaign made plays on Costa 's name ( `` Costa 's going to cost ya '' ) and linked them to former governor Gray Davis , calling them `` two taxing twins '' . Costa won the election with 54 % of the vote to Ashburn 's 46 % . Ashburn kept the margin within single digits by winning heavily Republican Kings County .
2006
Costa ran unopposed for reelection in 2006 . The Democrats won control of the House in that election , and Costa became chair of the Natural Resources Committee 's Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee . They are a member of the House Agriculture Committee .
2008
Costa was reelected in 2008 with 74 % of the vote , the highest percentage for a Democratic incumbent outside Sacramento , the Bay Area , and Southern California .
2010
Costa was challenged for reelection by Republican nominee Andy Vidak . In their closest race yet , the race was officially called for Costa nearly three weeks after election day , with the unofficial final tally standing at 45,806 votes ( 51.8 % ) for Costa and 42,773 ( 48.2 % ) for Vidak .
2012
For their first four terms , Costa represented a district including most of the majority-Latino portions of Fresno and Bakersfield . Redistricting after the 2010 census renumbered their district as the 21st and made it slightly more Republican . In February 2012 , Costa announced that they would run in the newly formed 16th district , a much more compact district that included most of Fresno as well as most of Merced . That district had previously been the 19th , represented by first-year student Republican Jeff Denham . Denham 's home had been drawn into the neighboring 10th district ( formerly the 18th district ) , and they sought reelection there . While most of Costa 's old territory remained in the 21st , the new 16th absorbed most of the old 20th 's share of Fresno County , including their home .
Costa faced Republican Brian Whelan in the general election . After the new districts were announced , it was reported that the NRCC considered Costa vulnerable to defeat , but had the district existed in 2008 , Barack Obama would have carried it with 57 % of the vote .
In November 2011 , the League of Conservation Voters ran a series of television ads in Costa 's district criticizing their environmental record . Costa was reelected with 54 % of the vote .
2014
Costa faced an unexpectedly close race against Republican Johnny Tacherra , a dairy farmer from rural Fresno County . On election night , Tacherra led by 736 votes , a margin that grew to 1,772 a few days later . Tacherra 's lead narrowed as counting continued , and Costa ultimately defeated them by 1,319 votes . While Tacherra carried the district 's portions of Merced and Madera counties , Costa defeated them in Fresno County by 9,600 votes .
2016
On June 7 , 2016 , Costa was the sole Democratic candidate in the 2016 `` top two '' primary , and was ahead on June 28 , with 50,917 votes ( 55.9 % ) . In the general election they again faced Tacherra , who had received 30,342 votes ( 33.1 % ) . Costa was reelected with 58 % of the vote to Tacherra 's 42 % .
2018
On November 6 , 2018 , Costa defeated the only Republican candidate , Elizabeth Heng , in the `` top two '' primary , 53 % to 47 % . They were reelected in a Democratic `` wave '' in California , 57.5 % to 42.5 % .
2020
Costa and Republican challenger Kevin Cookingham , a former Clovis Unified School District educator , advanced through the `` top two '' primary , besting two Democratic challengers . Costa then defeated Cookingham with 59.4 % of the vote to Cookingham 's 40.6 % .
Committee assignments
Committee on Agriculture
Subcommittee on Conservation , Energy , and Forestry
Subcommittee on Rural Development , Research , Biotechnology , and Foreign Agriculture
Committee on Natural Resources
Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources
Subcommittee on Water and Power
Caucus memberships
American Sikh Congressional Caucus
Beef Caucus Specialty
Blue Dog Coalition
Congressional Organ Donation Caucus ( co-founder )
Congressional Soils Caucus
Congressional Victims ' Rights Caucus ( co-founder and co-chair )
Congressional Water Caucus ( co-founder )
United States Congressional International Conservation Caucus
Methamphetamine Caucus
New Democrat Coalition
Congressional Hispanic Caucus
Veterinary Medicine Caucus
Problem Solvers Caucus
Political positions
As of October 2021 , Costa had voted in line with Joe Biden 's stated position 100 % of the time .
Abortion
Costa opposed the overturning of Roe v. Wade , saying , `` this ruling strips women of their freedom to make their own decisions and the constitutional right to privacy . ''
Agriculture
Costa co-sponsored the bipartisan Agricultural Certainty for Reporting Emissions ( ACRE ) Act . The act would strip provisions from Comprehensive Environmental Response , Compensation , and Liability Act ( CERCLA ) , which was responsible for ensuring cleanup of industrial toxic waste dumps , oil spills , and chemical tank explosions environmental regulations on farmland . If enacted , the act would reduce transparency by protecting livestock farmers from changes to waste storage and disposal methods . Another provision would protect farmers from strict water laws , regulated under the Clean Water Act .
District of Columbia rights
In May 2016 , Costa was one of two Democrats to support the unprecedented step of overturning a District of Columbia referendum . The measure , passed by a vast majority of D.C. voters , would allow the District to spend its own tax dollars without congressional approval .
Energy
In January 2015 , Costa was one of 28 House Democrats to vote to build the Keystone XL pipeline .
Foreign affairs
Costa was one of five House Democrats to voted to continue selling arms to Saudi Arabia and to support the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen .
Armenia–Azerbaijan conflict
Costa accused Turkey , a NATO member , of inciting the conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh , saying , `` Azerbaijan has continued to fuel this fire by failing to recognize the sovereignty of the Republic of Artsakh , while Turkey has helped enable this aggression . '' On October 1 , 2020 , they co-signed a letter to Secretary of State Mike Pompeo that condemned Azerbaijan 's offensive operations against the Armenian-populated Republic of Artsakh , denounced Turkey 's role in the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict and called for an immediate ceasefire .
Health care
Costa was reportedly a holdout vote on the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare , in March 2010 . They ultimately voted in favor of the legislation . To gain Costa 's vote , the House leadership reportedly promised Costa and Dennis Cardoza funding for a medical school for California 's Central Valley .
Immigration
On November 19 , 2015 , Costa voted for HR 4038 , legislation that would effectively halt the resettlement of refugees from Syria and Iraq to the U.S .
Infrastructure and transportation
In August 2021 , Costa joined a group of conservative Democrats , dubbed `` The Unbreakable Nine '' , who threatened to derail the Biden administration 's $ 3.5 trillion budget reconciliation package meant to tackle the nation 's infrastructure .
High-speed rail
Costa has advocated creating a high-speed rail system that would go up and down California as well as across the nation at speeds of 225 miles per hour . They have introduced many bills supporting these rails ; so far , none have passed . Miller compared rail projects to Eisenhower 's highway expansion and pleaded to Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood and President Barack Obama for help in with this project .
In April 2008 , Costa wrote a piece in Capitol Weekly calling for high-speed rail in California .
Military
National cemetery burials
In December 2017 , Costa introduced legislation to allow some Hmong- and Laotian-American veterans to be buried in U.S. national cemeteries . The legislation applies to Hmong and Laotian veterans who fought alongside the U.S. against North Vietnamese forces in the 1960s and 1970s . The bill , which does not allow for burials at Arlington National Cemetery , applies only to veterans who pass away on or after the bill 's enactment . The bill was enacted in March 2018 as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2018 .
Honors
Commander of the Order of Merit , Portugal ( June 8 , 1996 )
References
External links
Congressman Jim Costa official U.S. House website
Jim Costa for Congress campaign website
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1952 births
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
American people of Azorean descent
American people of Portuguese descent
California state senators
California State University , Fresno alumni
Living people
Members of the California State Assembly
Members of the United States House of Representatives from California
People from Fresno , California
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from California
Clas på Hörnet is a hotel and restaurant on Surbrunnsgatan in Vasastan , Stockholm , Sweden , located to the northeast of the Stockholm School of Economics . It was founded by restaurateur Christer von Arnold in 1984 . The building itself was originally the Browallshof inn , founded by Clas Browall in 1731 . The 18th-century inn is famous in history as it is frequently mentioned in the poetry of Carl Michael Bellman .
History
Early history
In 1731 , Clas Browall ( d. 1742 ) and their spouse Annika Browall ( d. 1749 ) bought the building called Hjärpes gård ( Hjärpe farm ) for their mutual savings from the inn Ingemarshof , where Clas had worked as a waiter and Annika as a manager . They named their own inn first Browallshof , but it was soon called Clas på Hörnet , both of them names from the co-founder of the inn .
The inn , which was very conveniently positioned close to the Roslagstull customs and the popular health spring Surbrunnen , quickly expanded into one of the most fashionable in Stockholm , frequented by customers of all social classes . It also offered the biggest dancing parlor in Stockholm , where balls were held by the aristocracy : in 1745 , Frederick I of Sweden participated in one of the balls , where they were introduced to a replacement for Hedvig Taube .
Gustavian era
During the reign of Gustav III of Sweden , the inn was redecorated and expanded even further by its owner Petter Helin P : son , who took over in 1774 and made it renowned for its luxury with ten new ballrooms . In 1782 , it was the stage of a scandal when the former courtier Carl Anders von Plommenfeldt mocked the monarch with negative remarks on a window ( the window had a known inscription with the text `` Gustav III , the first of citizens '' , to which Plommonfelt added `` He used to be , but is now the first of fools '' ) and was sentenced to death in their absence for Lèse-majesté .
19th-century
In the early 19th century , the inn had lost its popularity among the upper classes . In an attempt to regain its former success , the owners launched the spring Ugglevik as a new health spring , and arranged balls to its honor , called the `` Ugglevik balls '' . However , the Ugglevik balls attracted a different clientele than what had been the case in the 18th-century and the inn became in disrepute .
In 1834 , the establishment was closed by the authorities , who needed the localities for a hospital for the victims of the severe cholera epidemic which came to the capital that year , and afterward , the building was not regarded as secure for seven years . In 1841-1865 , the inn was again in operation under Anna Stark .
In 1877 , the building was taken over by Stockholm city authorities , who divided it into apartments . All of the building except the present wing was torn down during the 20th-century .
Modern history
In 1984 , the current restaurant Clas på Hörnet was opened by the restaurateur Christer von Arnold .
See also
Maja-Lisa Borgman
Barbara Ekenberg
References
18th century in Stockholm
19th century in Stockholm
1731 establishments in Sweden
Restaurants in Stockholm
Hotels established in 1984
Hotels in Stockholm
1984 establishments in Sweden
Carl Michael Bellman
Julien Ingrassia ( born 26 November 1979 ) is a retired French rally co-driver . Working with Sébastien Ogier , they became World Rally Champion in 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , and 2016 with Volkswagen Motorsport , 2017 and 2018 with M-Sport World Rally Team , and in 2020 and 2021 with Toyota Gazoo Racing WRT .
Rally career
While starting their professional life as a salesperson , Julien Ingrassia discovered rallying and made their debut as a codriver in 2002 in France 's Critérium des Cévennes . For several years , they gained experience in regional rallies , and then competed in the Peugeot 206 Cup in 2004 .
At the end of 2005 , they attended the Rallye Jeunes selection organised by the French Federation and discovered Sébastien Ogier , winner that year . They teamed up for the 2006 season in the Rallye Jeunes FFSA team and Julien codrived Sébastien for their first rallies and their first wins in the Peugeot 206 Cup . Together , they learnt their work in regional and national rallies and then quickly entered the international scene .
J-WRC World Champion ( 2008 )
In 2008 , Julien Ingrassia reached the world level through the Junior World Rally Championship with the FFSA French team . Winner of three of the season 's six rallies , they won the JWRC title with Sébastien Ogier . Seen as the new generation of French rallying talents , the crew only contested one season in JWRC before moving up to the WRC .
WRC ( 2009-2021 )
Citroën ( 2009-2011 )
Joining the Citroën Junior Team in 2009 , Julien Ingrassia scored their first podium finish at the Acropolis Rally together with Sébastien Ogier . A first win came the following season , in Portugal . Promoted in the official Citroën Total World Rally Team for the last gravel rallies of the 2010 season , the crew took a second win in Japan , a rally that they were discovering .
Despite their late arrival in motorsport , it only took Julien Ingrassia two seasons in the WRC class together with Sébastien Ogier to star at the highest level of rallying . In 2011 , the Ogier/Ingrassia crew was full-time part of the factory Citroën team , winning as many rallies as their team-mates Loeb/Elena ( 5 ) , despite team 's orders in favour of Loeb at the end of the season .
Volkswagen ( 2012-2016 )
After their departure from Citroën , Julien Ingrassia and Sébastien Ogier linked up with Volkswagen Motorsport in 2012 , choosing the German manufacturer instead of Ford : this meant skipping the 2012 WRC championship in order to fully develop the new Polo R WRC , but they indeed experienced a very busy year in 2012 , competing in almost the entire season at the wheel of a Skoda Fabia S2000 while developing the new car for 2013 . The Polo R WRC was ready at the end of the year and was on the start line at the 2013 Rally Monte Carlo . First special stage and first win ! Ogier and Ingrassia ended the weekend on the podium , and then went on to win Rally Sweden , a real accomplishment given the Scandinavians ' hegemony on their home ground . Now leaders of the season , the French crew consolidated their domination rally after rally : they scored 9 victories , 111 fastest times and no less than 290 points , a record in WRC ! They secured their first WRC title in the first stage of Rallye France , while Volkswagen took also the manufacturers title on the following round in Spain .
In 2014 , the reigning World Champions got off to a perfect start by winning Rally Monte Carlo . After already winning this prestigious rally when it was part of the IRC championship in 2009 , this was the first time they achieved this success in the WRC class . Also victorious in Mexico , Portugal , Italy , Poland , Australia , Spain and Wales , Julien Ingrassia and Sébastien Ogier clinched their second title on the penultimate round of the season . Ingrassia became the first French co-driver to have won two WRC titles . With a total of 24 victories in five seasons , they were also at that time the third most successful co-driver in the WRC ( tied with Luís Moya , who retired in 2002 ) , behind Timo Rautiainen ( 30 ) and Daniel Elena ( 78 ) .
The French pair remained with Volkswagen in 2015 and won again the championship , thanks to eight rally wins and nine Power Stages maximum points taken during the season , this despite new rules that made it difficult for the championship leaders to open the road during the first two legs of each rally .
With unchanged regulations for 2016 , Julien Ingrassia and Sébastien Ogier made it four titles in a row with six new wins to their credit . They won the championship in Spain and went on to celebrate Volkswagen 's manufacturers ' title in Wales , before the German manufacturer 's surprise announcement that it was withdrawing from WRC .
M-Sport ( 2017-2018 )
A month later , the World Champions were announced at M-Sport for 2017 . They began that new challenge with a victory at Rallye Monte-Carlo and then confirmed their leadership with nine podiums and another win in Portugal . They won the title at the penultimate rally of the season , beating rivals Thierry Neuville and Ott Tänak in the championship .
The duo remained another year with M-Sport . Yet again , they kicked off the championship with a victory at Rallye Monte-Carlo , the sixth for them and fifth in a row , which is a record for this legendary rally . After winning also in Mexico and France , the rest of the season was less successful for them , to the point that they were only third in the championship three rounds from the end , behind Thierry Neuville and Ott Tänak . But Sébastien Ogier and Julien Ingrassia won Wales Rally GB , regained the championship lead in the following rally and then ended Rally Australia with their sixth title .
Return to Citroën ( 2019 )
Seven years after their collaboration ended , Sébastien Ogier and Julien Ingrassia were back in Citroën for 2019 . For the sixth time in a row , they began the season with a win at Rallye Monte-Carlo , after an intense duel with Thierry Neuville and Nicolas Gilsoul and a gap of just 2.2 at the end , the smallest in the event 's history . After a more complicated Rally Sweden , the pair put in a strong performance on the first gravel rally of the season , in Mexico , collecting the maximum possible points with the rally win and the best time in the Power Stage . Despite another win in Turkey , it was a season of ups and lows with the C3 WRC and they ended third overall . The crew then left Citroën and signed up with Toyota Gazoo Racing for 2020 .
Toyota ( 2020-2021 )
For the first time in six years , they were beaten at Rally Monte Carlo , but scored their first win in the Toyota Yaris WRC in Mexico , which took place in early March . While the Covid-19 pandemic began to break out , the event was cut short and the championship went into an enforced six-month break . As the season resumed with new events , Ingrassia and Ogier won the Monza Rally that rounded off a shortened season and clinched their seventh world title , all of them set with three manufacturers .
The French pair re-signed for a final year , this time more complete . The first half was very strong , with four wins in six rallies , including a successful first visit to the legendary Safari Rally .
On 7 October , Julien Ingrassia announced their decision to end their career as a co-driver at the end of the 2021 season after 16 seasons alongside Sébastien Ogier .
Stats
Titles
Victories
WRC victories
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
! #
! Event
! Season
! Driver
! Car
|-
| 1
| 44th Vodafone Rally de Portugal
| 2010
| Sébastien Ogier
| Citroën C4 WRC
|-
| 2
| 6th Rally Japan
| 2010
| Sébastien Ogier
| Citroën C4 WRC
|-
| 3
| 45th Vodafone Rally de Portugal
| 2011
| Sébastien Ogier
| Citroën DS3 WRC
|-
| 4
| 29th Jordan Rally
| 2011
| Sébastien Ogier
| Citroën DS3 WRC
|-
| 5
| 57th Acropolis Rally
| 2011
| Sébastien Ogier
| Citroën DS3 WRC
|-
| 6
| 29th ADAC Rallye Deutschland
| 2011
| Sébastien Ogier
| Citroën DS3 WRC
|-
| 7
| 2nd Rallye de France-Alsace
| 2011
| Sébastien Ogier
| Citroën DS3 WRC
|-
| 8
| 61st Rally Sweden
| 2013
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 9
| 27th Rally Guanajuato México
| 2013
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 10
| 47th Rally de Portugal
| 2013
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 11
| 10th Rally di Sardegna
| 2013
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 12
| 63rd Neste Oil Rally Finland
| 2013
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 13
| 22nd Rally Australia
| 2013
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 14
| 4th Rallye de France-Alsace
| 2013
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 15
| 49th Rally RACC Catalunya – Costa Daurada
| 2013
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 16
| 69th Wales Rally GB
| 2013
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 17
| 82nd Rallye Automobile Monte-Carlo
| 2014
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 18
| 28th Rally Guanajuato México
| 2014
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 19
| 48th Vodafone Rally de Portugal
| 2014
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 20
| 11th Rally di Sardegna
| 2014
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 21
| 71st LOTOS Rally Poland
| 2014
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 22
| 23rd Coates Hire Rally Australia
| 2014
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 23
| 50th Rally RACC Catalunya – Costa Daurada
| 2014
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 24
| 70th Wales Rally GB
| 2014
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 25
| 83rd Rallye Automobile Monte-Carlo
| 2015
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 26
| 63rd Rally Sweden
| 2015
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 27
| 29th Rally Guanajuato México
| 2015
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 28
| 12° Rally d'Italia Sardegna
| 2015
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 29
| 72nd LOTOS Rally Poland
| 2015
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 30
| 33rd Rallye Deutschland
| 2015
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 31
| 24th Rally Australia
| 2015
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 32
| 71st Wales Rally GB
| 2015
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 33
| 84th Rallye Automobile Monte-Carlo
| 2016
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 34
| 64th Rally Sweden
| 2016
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 35
| 34th Rally Germany
| 2016
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 36
| 60th Rally France
| 2016
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 37
| 52nd Rally RACC Catalunya – Costa Daurada
| 2016
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 38
| 72nd Wales Rally GB
| 2016
| Sébastien Ogier
| Volkswagen Polo R WRC
|-
| 39
| 85th Rallye Automobile Monte-Carlo
| 2017
| Sébastien Ogier
| Ford Fiesta WRC
|-
| 40
| 51° Vodafone Rally de Portugal
| 2017
| Sébastien Ogier
| Ford Fiesta WRC
|-
| 41
| 86th Automobile Rallye Monte-Carlo
| 2018
| Sébastien Ogier
| Ford Fiesta WRC
|-
| 42
| 32nd Rally Guanajuato México
| 2018
| Sébastien Ogier
| Ford Fiesta WRC
|-
| 43
| 61ème Tour de Corse – Rallye de France
| 2018
| Sébastien Ogier
| Ford Fiesta WRC
|-
| 44
| 74th Wales Rally GB
| 2018
| Sébastien Ogier
| Ford Fiesta WRC
|-
| 45
| 87ème Rallye Automobile Monte-Carlo
| 2019
| Sébastien Ogier
| Citroën C3 WRC
|-
| 46
| 33rd Rally Guanajuato México
| 2019
| Sébastien Ogier
| Citroën C3 WRC
|-
| 47
| 12th Rally Turkey
| 2019
| Sébastien Ogier
| Citroën C3 WRC
|-
| 48
| 34th Rally Guanajuato México
| 2020
| Sébastien Ogier
| Toyota Yaris WRC
|-
| 49
| ACI Rally Monza
| 2020
| Sébastien Ogier
| Toyota Yaris WRC
|-
|50
| 89ème Rallye Automobile Monte-Carlo
| 2021
| Sébastien Ogier
| Toyota Yaris WRC
|-
|51
| 1st Croatia Rally
| 2021
| Sébastien Ogier
| Toyota Yaris WRC
|-
|52
| 18th Rally Italia Sardegna
| 2021
| Sébastien Ogier
| Toyota Yaris WRC
|-
|53
| 68th Safari Rally
| 2021
| Sébastien Ogier
| Toyota Yaris WRC
|-
|54
| ACI Rally Monza
| 2021
| Sébastien Ogier
| Toyota Yaris WRC
| }
JWRC victories
IRC Victories
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
! #
! Event
! Season
! Driver
! Car
|-
| 1
| 77th Rallye Monte-Carlo
| 2009
| Sébastien Ogier
| Peugeot 207 S2000
| }
Other victories
World rally championship records
Win with the slightest margin : 0.2 seconds on Jari-Matti Latvala at the Rally Jordan , 16 April 2011
Stage wins rate in one season : 46.25 % ( 111 wins out of 240 stages )
Stages as a leader in one season : 62.92 % ( 151 SS as a leader out of 240 stages )
Points scored in one season : 290 pts in the 2013 World Rally Championship
Most codrivers ' championship points overall : 2511 ( 2008– )
Rally records
WRC results
Complete WRC results
Complete JWRC results
Full results in WRC
( * ) including one ex-aequo stage win
( * * ) including two ex-aequo stage wins
( * * * * ) including four ex-aequo stage wins
( * * * * * ) including five ex-aequo stage wins
IRC results
References
External links
Julien-Ingrassia on ewrc-results.com 1
Julien-Ingrassia ( driver ) on ewrc-results.com 2
1979 births
Sportspeople from Aix-en-Provence
Living people
French rally drivers
French rally co-drivers
French people of Italian descent
World Rally Championship co-drivers
Koby Abberton ( born 2 June 1979 in Maroubra , New South Wales ) , an Australian former professional surfer , is a member of the Australian surf gang the Bra Boys . They rose to local prominence in 2006 , when they were found guilty of perverting the course of justice in an incident surrounding their brother Jai Abberton , who was charged but found not guilty of the 2003 murder of stand-over man Anthony 'Tony ' Hines . Together with their brothers , Abberton achieved national and international attention in 2007 with the release of a feature-length documentary entitled Bra Boys : Blood is Thicker than Water , written and directed by members of the Bra Boys . In November 2008 , Koby Abberton was jailed for three days by a US court after being found guilty of assaulting an off-duty police officer in a fight outside a nightclub in Honolulu , Hawaii .
In 2021 , Koby appeared on the TV show SAS Australia .
Biography and surfing career
Abberton was born in the south-eastern Sydney beach-side suburb of Maroubra to a heroin-addicted mother and a criminally inclined father ( who was not their biological father but instead their mother 's boyfriend ) , living in the `` housing commission capital of Sydney '' . Abberton states that their home birth was not a result of specified choice , but as a method of avoiding the hospital where they say their mother `` knew she 'd get in trouble for being on heroin '' . Abberton is one of four children and brother to Jai , Sunny , and Dakota Abberton , all surfers .
Abberton describes the start of their career as the time when their `` life got better . '' a disagreement with Abberton 's mother 's boyfriend , who Koby said when they got home one afternoon , chased them out of the house with a baseball bat . They then chose to re-locate to their older brother Sunny 's house . Of the argument Abberton says `` I just started crying . They [ Sunny Abberton ] said `` Do n't worry , just try to forget about it and put everything you 've got into your surfing . That 's our way out of this life , '' and that 's when it all started . '' Abberton pursued their surfing career , going on to achieve sponsorship and international recognition for their abilities and achievements .
In November 2010 , Abberton was announced as one of 24 alternates to the 26th Annual The Eddie at Waimea Bay , Hawaii . The event was to be held on one day , between 1 December 2010 and 28 February 2011 , when waves exceed the 20-foot ( 6.1 metres ) minimum threshold to contend for the US $ 98,000 prize purse .
Bra Boys and acting career
The Bra Boys are held together by surfing as well as community ties . The group is often linked with the Maroubra Surfers Association , with which a number of its members are associated . In an interview on Triple J radio , Abberton pointed out the `` Bra '' is a reference to the gang 's suburb , Maroubra , and partly after the street slang for brother . Some members of the surf tribe tattoo `` My Brother 's Keeper '' across the front of their chest . A key motivation for Abberton to start the Bra Boys was their personal experience with heroin :
`` When I was about 14 , our crew started the Bra Boys , and basically started controlling the place . We said there 's not going to be any heroin in Maroubra anymore , because we did n't want drugs in the place . ''
In 2004 , Abberton starred in a 40-minute short documentary film called Second Thoughts , released on video , that was directed and produced by Timmy Turner . The film was shot on location in Indonesia and Abberton acted as himself . The film had a surfing theme . The Abberton family were featured in a 2005 episode of ABC TV Australian Story where Abberton again performed as himself .
Abberton , together with their brothers , were featured in the autobiographical documentary entitled Bra Boys : Blood is Thicker than Water , written and co-directed by Sunny Abberton and narrated by actor Russell Crowe . The award-winning documentary detailed the lives of the Abberton family and the Bra Boys .
Controversy
The murder of Anthony Hines
In 2003 , Abberton became entangled in a court case resulting from the death of a Sydney underworld figure , Anthony 'Tony ' Hines . Their older brother , Jai , was charged with the 2003 murder of Hines and was acquitted 2005 , claiming self-defence , even though they admitted to shooting Hines .
Appearing in court on 5 August 2003 on three counts of false statements to police , Abberton pleaded not guilty to being an accessory after the fact to murder but changed their plea to guilty on 21 March 2004 . Despite their brother 's acquittal of criminal charges , on 24 November 2004 , NSW District Court Acting Judge Brian Boulten handed Koby Abberton a suspended nine-month jail sentence after being found guilty of perverting the course of justice in the same matter . During the time of these criminal proceedings , Abberton lost a string of lucrative sponsorship deals they had contracted through their professional surfing career . Despite surfing sponsor and surfwear giant Oakley initially sticking by Abberton , they later withdrew a $ 250,000 annual sponsorship .
Cronulla Beach riots , 2005
The Abberton brothers and numerous members of the Bra Boys received negative coverage in Australian media following the racially charged 2005 Sydney race riots originating between opposing ethnic mobs on Cronulla beach . The negative media coverage motivated further rioting of the same racially charged nature on a string of other popular Sydney beaches , said to be an attempt to address the reported incidents of assaults and intimidatory behavior by groups of non-locals , some of whom were identified in earlier media reports as youths of Middle Eastern appearance from the suburbs of Western Sydney . In the lead up to the riots , Abberton spoke to The Daily Telegraph about the assault of a lifeguard that sparked the incident , claiming :
`` The reason why it 's not happening at Maroubra is because of the Bra Boys . Girls go to Cronulla , Bondi , everywhere else in Sydney and get harassed , but they come to Maroubra and nothing happens to them . I read all this stuff about kids getting harassed because they want to have a surf and I say 'are you kidding ? ' The beach should be for Aussie kids . But if you want to go to beaches and act tough in groups you better be able to back it up . If these fellas come out to Maroubra and start something they know it 's going to be on , so they stay away . ''
Following the riots , in which the Bra Boys did not claim any involvement , Maroubra was the target of retaliation by Middle Eastern gangs . The Abberton brothers then held well-publicised meetings with other groups to help ease tensions . `` I think that this is the start , the boys have agreed to come down and talk to us , to start some dialogue between the groups , you know , to try and ease some tension '' , said Sunny Abberton in a group interview on The 7.30 Report . Koby Abberton , their brothers , and other member of the Bra Boys were labeled as playing catalyst to the riots with Abberton singled out as the main culprit . Later , Abberton disputed the claims that they had attempted to fuel the riots , going on to tell The Sydney Morning Herald that they were `` ashamed to be Australian that day '' and had attempted , alongside their brothers and other Bra Boys to deflect and suppress the racially charged riots .
Bankruptcy and assault charges
Abberton was declared bankrupt in 2006 , with debts in excess of A $ 1 million . These included debts of A $ 940,000 to the National Australia Bank , A $ 150,000 to the NSW Crime Commission , and A $ 50,000 in legal fees relating to their unsuccessful defence to charges of perverting the course of justice .
In 2008 , Abberton plead guilty to assaulting an off-duty police officer in Honolulu . They were given a three-day custodial sentence .
Other projects
The Mavis Abberton Foundation
The Mavis Abberton Foundation was set up by the Abberton brothers in an attempt to protect children of drug-dependent parents and children whose parents are in prison . The Foundation was named after the Abberton brothers ' grandmother Mavis , who provided as their mother for most of their childhood while their own parents were incapable of providing a stable and guided environment . The Foundation attempts to suppress the prevalence of `` lost children in broken-homes '' and promotes a solace for those who may otherwise resort to drug dependency and criminal activity as a result of their environment .
In 2007 , it was reported that there were plans for an exhibition cricket match to be played between members of the Bra Boys and the Compton Cricket Club ( CCC ) , a disadvantaged cricket team made up of former gang members from south central Los Angeles , to help raise the profile of the Foundation during the CCC 's inaugural tour to Australia .
MyBrothersKeeper clothing
Inspired by the friendship and brotherhood codes instilled by the Bra Boys , a clothing line to reflect the importance of solid bonds between friends and family entitled MyBrothersKeeper Clothing , sometimes referred to as MBK Clothing . Official members of the Bra Boys , including Abberton , have the `` MyBrothersKeeper '' slogan permanently tattooed on their bodies . Members of the Bra Boys and those who have purchased items from the clothing range are often referred to by the Bra Boys as MBK Soldiers .
References
Further reading
External links
Koby Abberton on MySpace
Australian surfers
Living people
1979 births
People from the Eastern Suburbs ( Sydney )
Criminals from Sydney
Tow-in surfers
Sportsmen from New South Wales
Male actors from Sydney
Sportspeople from Sydney
The Huckle-Buck and Robbins ' Nest is an album by trumpeter Buck Clayton which was recorded in 1953 and released on the Columbia label .
Track listing
`` The Hucklebuck '' ( Andy Gibson , Roy Alfred ) – 20:02
`` Robbins ' Nest '' ( Illinois Jacquet , Sir Charles Thompson ) – 17:39
Personnel
Buck Clayton – trumpet
Joe Newman – trumpet
Henderson Chambers , Urbie Green – trombone
Lem Davis – alto saxophone
Julian Dash – tenor saxophone
Charles Fowlkes – baritone saxophone
Sir Charles Thompson – piano , celeste
Freddie Green – guitar
Walter Page – bass
Jo Jones – drums
References
1954 albums
Buck Clayton albums
Columbia Records albums
Albums produced by George Avakian
Lewis Swete was the Archdeacon of Totnes during 1583 .
They were educated at Oxford University and made a fellow of All Souls ' College in 1563 , graduating B.A . in 1563 and M.A . in 1567 , B.D . in 1574 and awarded D.D . in 1581–2 . Granted a licence to preach in 1582/3 they became rector of Sampford Peverell in 1571 , of East Allington in 1573 , and of Uplowman in 1579 . They were appointed canon of Exeter in 1583 and archdeacon of Totnes in 1584 .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Factitious diarrhea is a condition in which a person deliberately produces diarrhea , most commonly by surreptitious laxative abuse ( laxative abuse syndrome ) .
These people tend to have persistent and unexplained watery diarrhea that is high in volume and frequency and , despite extensive evaluation , the cause may remain unknown . Many cases may mimic inflammatory bowel disease or malabsorption syndromes . Bowel movements are generally about 10 to 20 a day and may be especially associated with nocturnal movements . Factitious diarrhea is most often seen in people of high socioeconomic status and many are employed in the medical field .
Melanosis coli is a frequent find in long-standing factitious diarrhea . It demonstrates hyperpigmentation of the colon with white lymph nodes showing through on colonoscopy . An alternative means of diagnosis is by detecting pigment in macrophages of the lamina propria .
References
Diarrhea
Factitious disorders
Alex Cristian von Schwedler Vásquez ( born 17 February 1980 ) is a Chilean former footballer who played as a centre-back . They were a four-time Chilean international .
Club career
Early career
Born in Santiago , Von Schwedler started their senior career at Universidad de Chile and they debuted for the club in 1998 , aged 18 . In 1999 , Von Schwedler won their first league title and they were confirmed as defender in the . In the 2000 season , they were a key player under the squad of the coach César Vaccia , won their second league title and one Copa Chile .
Their good seasons with the Universidad de Chile made the Italian side AS Bari notice them and shortly after being linked with the Serie B club . On 31 January 2003 , Von Schwedler signed for Bari , joining their countrymen Jaime Valdés and Nicolás Córdova . They were a key player in the club , being in the starting lineup in many occasions . However , they joined SV Austria Salzburg on loan , and then moved to Red Bull Salzburg .
Portugal
During the summer of 2006 , it was announced that Von Schwedler had joined CS Marítimo of the Portuguese Liga . On 22 October 2006 , they made their Marítimo debut against SC Beira-Mar , playing the full 90 minutes . In their second match for the club , they scored their first for the club in the 4–1 victory against SC Braga , in the same match , they received a red card . On 25 December 2006 , they scored the only ( own ) goal in a 1–0 away loss against Benfica at the Estádio da Luz . In June 2007 , Von Schwedler left the club and signed for Alki Larnaca of the Cypriot First Division .
After one season in Cyprus , Von Schwedler returned to Portugal signing for CF Os Belenenses for the 2008–09 season . They made their Belenenses debut against Sporting Lisboa on 20 September 2009 . They played only a few times and they were released from the club at the end of the season .
Colo-Colo
On 14 October 2009 , after passing a medical , Von Schewdler joined Colo-Colo signing a contract until the end of the Torneo de Clausura in a free transfer . They joined the club because of the injury to the defender Miguel Riffo and they wear the number 33 shirt , due to the other numbers being in use by many players .
Von Schwedler made their Colo-Colo debut against Santiago Wanderers in a friendly match at Estadio Regional Chiledeportes as a 45th-minute substitute . When they entered to the field , they were booed by the supporters of Colo-Colo , because their pass for the club 's archrival Universidad de Chile . They appeared on the bench on a few occasions and they did not play any matches . However , they proclaimed champion of the Torneo de Clausura . In December 2009 , they were released from the club .
Everton
After several months without playing football , von Schwedler moved to Real España of the Honduran First División on 7 July 2010 . However , one day later , Von Schwedler had a deal with Everton de Viña del Mar , joining that club , announcing that will not play for Real España .
On 17 July 2010 , they debuted for Everton against Audax Italiano in a 2–0 loss . On 24 July , in their second match for the club , they scored their first goal for the club against Universidad Católica in a 1–1 draw at Estadio Sausalito , in the same game also received a red card . After the departure of Nelson Acosta , unfortunately the team was relegated to the second division . On 5 March 2011 , von Schwedler scored their first goal in the Primera B in a 4–0 home win to Antofagasta .
International career
Alex von Schwedler played on four occasions for the Chile national football team . On 24 March 2007 , they played their last game for Chile that was against Brazil in a 4–0 loss at Ullevi Stadium in Sweden . In this match , they committed a penalty on Lúcio in the 15th minute , receiving a yellow card , finally this penalty was scored by Ronaldinho , they finish being replaced by Reinaldo Navia in the 46th minute . In addition , they made an appearance for Chile B in the friendly match against Catalonia on 28 December 2001 .
Honours
Club
Universidad de Chile
Primera División de Chile ( 2 ) : 1999 , 2000
Copa Chile ( 1 ) : 2000
Colo-Colo
Primera División de Chile ( 1 ) : 2009 Apertura
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Footballers from Santiago
Chilean people of German descent
Chilean footballers
Chile international footballers
Chilean expatriate footballers
Universidad de Chile footballers
S.S.C . Bari players
ASKÖ Pasching players
FC Red Bull Salzburg players
C.S . Marítimo players
Alki Larnaca FC players
C.F . Os Belenenses players
Colo-Colo footballers
Everton de Viña del Mar footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Serie B players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Primeira Liga players
Cypriot First Division players
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Association football defenders
Vallesia is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1794 . It is native to South America , Central America , Mexico , Florida , Galápagos , and the West Indies .
Species
Vallesia antillana Woodson - Cuba , Jamaica , Dominican Republic , Florida , Bahamas , Yucatán Peninsula
Vallesia aurantiaca ( M.Martens & Galeotti ) J.F.Morales - C + S Mexico , Central America
Vallesia baileyana Woodson - Sonora
Vallesia conzattii Standl . - Oaxaca
Vallesia glabra ( Cav . ) Link - Mexico ; South America from Colombia to Paraguay
Vallesia hypoglauca Ernst - Venezuela
Vallesia laciniata Brandegee - Baja California
Vallesia montana Urb . - Cuba , Hispaniola
Vallesia pubescens Andersson - Galápagos
Vallesia sinaloensis El.Mey . ex J.F.Morales - Sinaloa
Vallesia spectabilis El.Mey . ex J.F.Morales - Jalisco
Vallesia vaupesana J.F.Morales - Vaupes in Colombia
formerly included
Vallesia macrocarpa Hillebr . = Pteralyxia laurifolia ( G.Lodd . ) Leeuwenb .
References
Apocynaceae genera
Rauvolfioideae
Taxa named by José Antonio Pavón Jiménez
Hendre is an area in the community of Llanddyfnan , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 133.8 miles ( 215.3 km ) from Cardiff and 214.9 miles ( 345.9 km ) from London .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Simut or Šimut ( Shimut ) was an Elamite god . They were regarded as the herald of the gods , and was associated with the planet Mars . They were also worshiped in Mesopotamia , where they were compared with the war god Nergal .
Name
Various spellings of Simut 's name are attested in Elamite sources , including dSi-mu-ut , dŠi-mu-ut-ta , dŠi-mu-ut and dŠi-mut , as well as logographic dMAN/dPAP . The last spelling might be related to one of the Mesopotamian names of Mars , mulMAN-ma , `` the strange star . '' It is also possible that in at least one location another logographic spelling of their name was NIN.DAR . ( A ) .
The spelling `` Simut '' is the standard in Mesopotamian sources from the Middle Babylonian period , though in earlier , Old Babylonian ones , Šimut ( Shimut ) appears to be the correct orthography . In neo-Assyrian sources , the name is spelled as `` Šumudu '' ( Shumudu ) .
Functions
Simut was known as `` god of Elam , '' berir napirra ( Elamite : `` herald of the gods '' ) and silhak perir nappipir ( `` mighty one , herald of the gods '' ) . It is possible that they were a warrior god , and that the word tentatively translated as `` herald '' refers to a specific administrative or military position . Like Humban , Simut was associated with the concept of kittin , which can be understood as `` ( area of ) divine protection . '' They appear in judicial and economic documents from Susa , in at least one case sharing the role of a divine witness and guardian of contracts with Inshushinak and Mesopotamian Shamash .
Simut was frequently associated with the planet Mars in Babylonian astrological texts , and the planet was often called `` the star Simut , '' mulSi-mu-ut .
While Wilfred G. Lambert describes Simut as an `` infernal '' god in the Reallexikon der Assyriologie und Vorderasiatischen Archäologie , Daniel T. Potts , following the more recent research of Wouter Henekelman , concludes that they had no funerary or underworld associations .
Worship
Like many other gods worshiped in Elam , for example Pinikir , Humban and Manzat , Simut is attested for the first time in the treaty of Naram-Sin with an unknown Elamite monarch , possibly Hita of Awan , where they appear right after Inshushinak . Old Babylonian copies of earlier inscriptions also mention a governor ( ensi ) of Elam from the Sargonic period bearing the theophoric name Sanam-Shimut .
Historically notable Elamites bearing theophoric names connected to the worship of Simut include Kuk-Simut , chancellor of king Tan-Ruhurater of the Shimashki dynasty , and Simut-wartash from the Sukkalmah period , whose inscriptions were found in Liyan on the coast of the Persian Gulf .
While it is assumed Simut had a main cult center , similar to how Inshushinak was associated with Susa , Ruhurater with Huhnur and Napirisha with Anshan , its name and location are presently unknown .
Multiple temples of Simut are attested in Elamite texts . Untash-Napirisha dedicated temples in Susa and Chogha Zanbil to him . The latter one was shared with the goddess Belet-ali . It was referred to with the term kinin , variously translated in modern literature as `` gate , '' `` lock , '' `` fate '' or `` ( divine ) help . '' Like a number of other terms used to describe temples forming the Chogha Zanbil complex it is a hapax legomenon .
According to inscriptions of kings Shutruk-Nahhunte and Hutelutush-Inshushinak sites of worship of Manzat and Simut treated as a pair existed in Susa . A temple in Anshan was dedicated jointly to Simut , Kiririsha , Napirisha and Inshushinak . It was built during the reign of Hutelutush-Inshushinak .
The Neo-Elamite ruler Hanni of Ayapir left behind an inscription dedicated to Humban , Tepti , Napir and Simut .
Worship of Simut continued in the former Elamite territory under the rule of the Persian Achaemenid dynasty , and they are attested in the so-called Persepolis fortification archive . According to one document , a priest named Appirka received wine from the royal administration to offer it to Simut , Ahura Mazda and Mithra , which indicates that Elamite and Iranian deities were worshiped side by side in this period . At least one theophoric name invoking Simut , Shati-Shimut , appears in this corpus of texts .
In Mesopotamia
Oldest attestations of the worship of Simut in Mesopotamia come from the Old Babylonian period from the reign of Rim-Sîn I of Larsa , when this god starts to appear in theophoric names .
Stephanie Dalley argues that it is possible that Simut had a minor cult center somewhere in Mesopotamia , as another Elamite deity worshiped there and attested in theophoric names , Igishta ( dIGI.DU ; Igišta ) had one in Udannu , a small settlement near Uruk .
Multiple theophoric names indicate that they were among the deities present in the pantheon of the First Sealand dynasty , possibly in association with Manzat . Feminine names are among them , for example Amat-Šimut . Some of these names , as well as other given names from the same area , combine Akkadian and Elamite elements , but according to Ran Zadok it is difficult to speculate about the identity of their bearers . Mixed Akkadian-Elamite names are also common in documents from Susa .
Nine theophoric names indicate that worshipers of Simut were present in Nippur in the Kassite period . They might also be present in an earlier Nippur god list , but this attestation is uncertain .
Connections with other deities
In Elam Simut was likely viewed as the husband of Manzat , the goddess of the rainbow , and is a common assumption in scholarship that they were regarded as a couple . Simut was also associated with Belet-ali ( Akkadian : `` lady of the city '' ) , a goddess most likely analogous to Manzat . According to Wouter Henkelman the deity NIN.DAR.A , who appears with Manzat in some inscriptions , can also be identified with Simut . However , Daniel T. Potts identifies NIN.DAR.A as a goddess . The name Nindara or Nindar originally belonged to a male Mesopotamian deity , the husband of the goddess Nanshe , who was worshiped in Lagash , Girsu and Ki'esa .
In Mesopotamia Simut was frequently associated with Nergal and shared their association with Mars and possibly their warlike character , though unlike them they were not an underworld deity . The two of them are equated in the so-called Weidner god list . In one case Simut appears in a Mesopotamian document alongside Laṣ , the wife of Nergal . Wouter Henkelman additionally proposes that `` Nergal of Hubshal ( or Hubshan ) , '' known from Assyrian sources , was the same deity as Simut . However , Volkert Haas instead identifies them as Ugur . Hubshan was an area associated with the worship of Manzat , Simut 's presumed wife , according to Elamite royal inscriptions . It is presently unknown if `` Aya of Hubshen '' known from the same Assyrian sources as Nergal of Hubshen is related in any way to Manzat .
Stephanie Dalley proposes that due to their shared role as heralds of the gods , Mesopotamians might have associated Simut with Ishum .
References
Bibliography
Elamite gods
Mesopotamian gods
Stellar gods
War gods
Martian deities
Gary Alan Bugenhagen ( born February 6 , 1945 ) is a former professional American football offensive lineman in the American Football League ( AFL ) and in the National Football League ( NFL ) . They were the 4th round draft pick ( # 102 overall ) of the Buffalo Bills in the 1967 NFL Draft , playing offensive tackle there in 1967 and also playing with the Boston Patriots in 1970 . They also played with Indianapolis Capitols of the Continental Football League . Bugenhagen served in the United States Air Force during the Vietnam War .
References
1945 births
Living people
Players of American football from Buffalo , New York
American football offensive tackles
Syracuse Orange football players
Buffalo Bills players
Boston Patriots players
Continental Football League players
American Football League players
United States Air Force personnel of the Vietnam War
New York National Guard personnel
Arch Creek may refer to :
Arch Creek , Florida , a former town in Florida .
Arch Creek ( Montana ) , a creek in Montana .
Arch Creek Petroglyphs , Native American rock art in Wyoming .
During the Parade of Nations at the 2010 Winter Olympics opening ceremony , held beginning at 6:00 PM PST on February 12 , 2010 , 82 athletes bearing the flags of their respective nations led their national delegations as they paraded into BC Place Stadium in the host city of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Athletes entered the stadium in an order dictated by tradition . As the originator of the Olympics , Greece entered first . Canadian delegates entered last , representing the host nation . The names of the nations were announced first in French and followed by English , the official languages of the Olympics , which also happened to be the official languages of the host nation . The nations entered in alphabetic order of their country names in English because it is the more dominant of the two languages in Vancouver and in the province of British Columbia .
Delegations from North Korea and South Korea marched in separate delegations , unlike in the 2006 Winter Olympics when they marched together .
Of the flag-bearers who led their respective delegations , all but one were athletes , the exception being Fuad Guliyev , a skating official from Azerbaijan . The sport which was most represented among the flag-bearers was alpine skiing , as alpine skiers led 26 delegations . Only one delegation was led by a short track speed skater , Hong Kong , led by Han Yue Shueng . Marjan Kalhor , an alpine skier and the flag-bearer for Iran , was both the first female flag bearer from their country and the first female athlete from their country to participate in the Winter Olympics . It was erroneously pointed out by a Canadian TV commentator that Tomomi Okazaki was the first female flag bearer for Japan . This title goes to Seiko Hashimoto in Calgary 1988 . Other prominent flag bearers included Canadian speed skater and five-time Olympian Clara Hughes , American luger Mark Grimmette , who had helped carry the American flag during the 2002 Winter Olympics , and Czech hockey player Jaromír Jágr . Hughes is the only Olympian ever to win multiple medals at both the Summer and Winter Olympics .
Iason Abramashvili , flag bearer for Georgia , along with the other members of their delegation , wore black armbands during the march and received a standing ovation in memory of Nodar Kumaritashvili , a Georgian luger who was killed in an accident during a training run earlier in the day .
Parade of Nations
Kudratov carried the flag even though they are n't scheduled to compete .
See also
2010 Winter Olympics closing ceremony flag bearers
2010 Winter Paralympics national flag bearers
2008 Summer Olympics national flag bearers
References
Specific
General
National Flag Bearers , 2010 Winter Olympics
Lists of Olympic flag bearers
it : Cerimonia di apertura dei XXI Giochi olimpici invernali # Gli alfieri
Psytronik Software is a British software publisher started in 1993 . The company publishes new games for retro gaming platforms ; Commodore 64 , Amstrad CPC , Commodore 16 , Commodore Plus/4 , VIC 20 , but also some titles for Windows . Among the games are : Mayhem in Monsterland , Knight 'n ' Grail and Maze of the Mummy .
References
External links
Official Site
Video game companies of the United Kingdom
Video game companies established in 1993
John Crane ( born April 7 , 1935 ) is a Canadian politician . They represented the electoral district of Harbour Grace in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1989 to 1995 . They are a member of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador . They are a business person .
References
1935 births
Living people
Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Sewerby Hall ( also known as Sewerby House ) is a Grade I listed Georgian country house set in of landscaped gardens in the village of Sewerby , from the seaside town of Bridlington in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
The main block was built circa 1714 , incorporating some older work , in 3 storeys in brick with a seven window frontage . In 1808 , 2-storey bow fronted wings and a semi-circular Doric portico were added and the whole building painted to resemble stone . The wings were later raised to 3 storeys .
History
John Greame , son of Robert Greame , was the first of the Greame family to live at the old manor house at Sewerby . They had become quite wealthy on the death of their father in 1708 and bought the estate from Elizabeth Carleill , the last of the previous family to own the property .
They built the present Sewerby Hall between 1714–1720 , replacing the manor house which had existed on the site for many years . John died in 1746 at the age of 83 . Their son John Greame II died childless in 1798 at the age of 98 , and their widow Alicia Maria ( née Spencer ) stayed on at the hall until their own death in 1812 . It then passed to a nephew , a third John Greame , who had married an heiress , Sarah Yarburgh of Heslington Hall , York . Sarah had died young and John Greame III had remarried and moved with their second wife to live in Sewerby Hall with their Aunt Almary .
They commissioned a number of alterations including the addition of a portico in 1808 . On their death in 1841 ownership passed to their eldest son Yarburgh Greame , who also took the surname Yarburgh on inheriting their mother 's estate at Heslington . Yarburgh made many improvements to the house and gardens at Sewerby , including a large conservatory called the Orangery in the mid 19th century , a clock tower in 1847 , and finally a gatehouse in 1848 . They also built a church and a school , designed by Sir Gilbert Scott , on the edge of the estate . They died in 1876 at the age of 70 and the estate went to their sister Alicia Maria , the wife of George Lloyd of Stockton Hall , at Stockton-on-the-Forest , York , and afterwards to their younger son , the Revd Yarburgh Gamaliel Lloyd , a Lincolnshire vicar . They changed their name to Lloyd-Greame and their son , Colonel Yarburgh George Lloyd-Greame , inherited in 1890 . The Colonel 's elder son , also Yarburgh Lloyd-Greame , sold the house and part of the estate to Bridlington Corporation in 1934 .
In 1936 , the hall and park was opened to the public with a ceremony on 1 June by aviator Amy Johnson . During the Second World War , the Royal Air Force used the house as a hospital and convalescent home for the RAF bases in the area .
In May 2012 plans for a £2.6 million restoration project moved forward with a £949,000 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund with the work expected to take 30 months .
The first phase of the project ( new offices , classrooms and a shop ) , was started in November 2012 and was completed in August 2013 . The second phase to restore the interior of the hall was started in September 2013 . The restoration work was completed by August 2014 .
Attractions
Today , Sewerby Hall is a major tourist attraction in the East Riding of Yorkshire , attracting over 150,000 visitors a year . The hall now houses the Museum of East Yorkshire , including a room dedicated to Amy Johnson , and the Coastguard Museum . The grounds of the hall are home to a small zoo and aviary as well as an 18-hole putting green , 9-hole pitch and putt and various gardens . As well as tourist activities , the hall also hosts many local community events . The home ground of Sewerby Cricket Club is situated within the grounds , near the cliff top .
References
External links
Sewerby Hall
Photos of Sewerby Hall and surrounding area on geograph
Country houses in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Grade I listed houses
Grade I listed buildings in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Houses completed in 1720
Art museums and galleries in the East Riding of Yorkshire
History museums in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Zoos in England
Aviaries
Museums in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Gardens in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Bridlington
1720 establishments in England
Set construction is the process undertaken by a construction manager to build full-scale scenery , as specified by a production designer or art director working in collaboration with the director of a production to create a set for a theatrical , film , or television production . The set designer produces a scale model , scale drawings , paint elevations ( a scale painting supplied to the scenic painter of each element that requires painting ) , and research about props , textures , and so on . Scale drawings typically include a groundplan , elevation , and section of the complete set , as well as more detailed drawings of individual scenic elements which , in theatrical productions , may be static , flown , or built onto scenery wagons . Models and paint elevations are frequently hand-produced , though in recent years , many Production Designers and most commercial theatres have begun producing scale drawings with the aid of computer drafting programs such as AutoCAD or Vectorworks .
Theater
In theater , the technical director or production manager is the person responsible for evaluating the finished designs and considering budget and time limitations . They or they engineer the scenery , has it redrafted for building , budgets time , crew and materials , and liaisons between the designer and the shop . Technical directors often have assistant technical directors whose duties can range from drafting to actually building scenery .
A scene shop , in theatrical production is often overseen by a shop supervisor or master carpenter . This person assigns tasks , does direct supervision of carpenters , and deals with day-to-day matters such as absences , breaks , tool repair , etc . The staff of a scene shop is usually referred to as scenic carpenters , but within that there are many specialities such as plasterers , welders , machinists and scenic stitchers . Scenic painting is a separate aspect of scenic construction , although the scenic painter usually answers to the technical director .
Film production
In major film production in England , a Supervising Art Director is responsible for a team of Art Directors , each drafting separate sets or sections of a single set . Construction supervisors interpret the drawings and allocate labour and resources , with the Production Designer giving approval of the finished set on the Directors behalf .
Film construction is rigidly compartmentalized on major motion pictures .
Construction of a set is mainly done on studio stages or back lots , often within a studio complex and several studio stages may be allocated purely as workshop space during the construction process .
Many disciplines are employed under construction managers but craftsmen tend to not multi-task and so there are a range of job titles such as carpenter , rigger , plasterer , stage hand , poly waller , scenic painter , standby painter and standby carpenter .
A prop making workshop is set up in a similar stage and may be paid for out of a Construction or Art Department budget depending on the nature and size of the props in question .
The construction department is led by a construction coordinator . The coordinator reports to the art director and production designer and is in charge of budgeting and implementing designs . The construction coordinator has a general supervisor to assist . Next there are other supervisors , lead carpenters called gang bosses , and then all of the carpenters and craftsmen .
The construction coordinator , or construction company , provides all tools and equipment apart from small hand tools specific to a craftsman 's work , such as screw guns , paint brushes and plastering trowels . This makes logistics and efficiency the responsibility of the construction manager and leaves each crew member as fluid freelancers to be hired and off hired at extremely short notice throughout the production .
Studio complexes tend to have support services such as Drape Shops , general stores , timber stores and plaster shop as well as special effects companies , on site to support construction and other departments .
In the United States , set construction workers are usually members of the entertainment union , IATSE , International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees .
See also
Sound stage
Stagecraft
Staging ( theatre )
Theatrical scenery
Film sculptor
References
External links
Scenic design
Theatrical occupations
The Kaliakra East gas field natural gas field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea . It was discovered in 1993 and developed by PetroCeltic . It began production in 1998 and produces natural gas and condensates . The total proven reserves of the Kaliakra East gas field are around 59 billion cubic feet ( 1.7 km³ ) , and production is slated to be around 20 million cubic feet/day ( 0,56×106m³ ) in 2015 .
References
Black Sea energy
Natural gas fields in Bulgaria
Newton County is a county located near the northwestern corner of the U.S. state of Indiana . As of 2010 , the population was 14,244 . This county is part of Northwest Indiana as well as the Chicago metropolitan area . The county seat is Kentland . The county is divided into 10 townships which provide local services .
History
The original Newton County was formed by statute on February 7 , 1835 , and was a roughly square area some 30 miles on a side , encompassing what is now the northern half of the county , the northern half of Jasper County , and a large section to the north . The northern border was cut back to the Kankakee River on February 1 , 1836 , with all land north of the Kankakee River going to Lake and Porter counties . The county was abolished and combined with Jasper County in 1839 . On December 8 , 1859 , the county was re-created and the borders were redrawn to essentially their current state .
Newton County is named after Sgt . John Newton , who served under Gen. Francis Marion ( the `` Swamp Fox '' ) in the American Revolutionary War . It is adjacent to Jasper County , which was named after Sgt . William Jasper , whose story is similar . At least four other states , Georgia , Mississippi , Missouri and Texas , have adjacent Jasper and Newton Counties , as though these two were remembered as a pair .
Upon its re-creation , Newton County was the last of Indiana 's 92 counties to be organized .
Geography
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 99.58 % ) is land and ( or 0.42 % ) is water .
Newton County is the site of the Kentland crater , a probable meteorite impact crater located between Kentland and Goodland .
J.C. Murphy Lake is at the center of Willow Slough Fish and Wildlife Area .
Major highways
Interstate 65
U.S. Route 24
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 52
State Road 10
State Road 14
State Road 16
State Road 55
State Road 71
State Road 114
Railroads
CSX Transportation
Toledo , Peoria and Western Railway
Adjacent counties
Lake County ( north )
Jasper County ( east )
Benton County ( south/ET Border )
Iroquois County , Illinois ( west )
Kankakee County , Illinois ( northwest )
Municipalities
The municipalities in Newton County , and their populations as of the 2010 Census , are :
Towns
Census-designated places
Other unincorporated places
Townships
The 10 townships of Newton County , with their housing units as of the 2010 Census , are :
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Kentland have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , with a record low of recorded in January 1985 and a record high of recorded in June 1988 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code . The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all spending and revenue collection . Representatives are elected from county districts . The council members serve four-year terms and are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget and special spending . The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes and service taxes .
The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners . The commissioners are elected county-wide , in staggered terms , and each serves a four-year term . One of the commissioners , typically the most senior , serves as president . The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council , collecting revenue and managing day-to-day functions of the county government .
The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases . The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . The judge is assisted by a constable who is elected to a four-year term . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
The county has several other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor and circuit court clerk . Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and be residents of the county .
Each of the townships has a trustee who administers rural fire protection and ambulance service , provides poor relief and manages cemetery care , among other duties . The trustee is assisted in these duties by a three-member township board . The trustees and board members are elected to four-year terms .
Newton County is part of Indiana 's 4th congressional district . It is part of Indiana Senate district 6 and Indiana House of Representatives districts 15 and 19 .
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 14,244 people , 5,503 households , and 3,945 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 6,030 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.2 % white , 0.4 % black or African American , 0.3 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 1.8 % from other races , and 1.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.0 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 30.4 % were German , 16.9 % were Irish , 11.0 % were English , 8.1 % were Polish , 7.6 % were Dutch , and 6.5 % were American .
Of the 5,503 households , 31.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.3 % were married couples living together , 8.7 % had a female householder with no husband present , 28.3 % were non-families , and 23.8 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.00 . The median age was 42.4 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 60,242 . Males had a median income of $ 45,389 versus $ 29,891 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 24,055 . About 4.8 % of families and 8.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 12.0 % of those under age 18 and 5.3 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Public schools in Newton County are administered by two districts :
North Newton School Corporation
South Newton School Corporation
High Schools and Middle Schools
North Newton Junior-Senior High School
South Newton High School
South Newton Middle School
Elementary Schools
Lake Village Elementary School
Lincoln Elementary School
Morocco Elementary School
South Newton Elementary School
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newton County , Indiana
Bibliography
References
External links
Indiana counties
1859 establishments in Indiana
Chicago metropolitan area
Northwest Indiana
Populated places established in 1859
Mason 's Hill is a geographic eminence located in Fairfax County , Virginia . Its summit rises to above sea level .
Location and name
Mason 's Hill is located at . The hill is named after Virginia 's prominent Mason family , particularly grandson of George Mason and owner of the house on the hill Murray Mason , a former US Navy captain who took a commission in the Confederate Navy , as well as their older brother James Murray Mason , a former US Senator from Virginia who later became the Confederate envoy to Great Britain .
The hill is also near Munson 's Hill , to its northeast . It is located in Annandale , Virginia , along Columbia Pike and just to the north of Little River Turnpike .
History
According to state and county historic markers , the location was used early in the American Civil War by Confederate Col. J.E.B . Stuart and their 1st Virginia Cavalry following the First Battle of Manassas ; Col. Edward Porter Alexander built a signal observation tower with a six-foot `` astronomical glass '' to observe Washington , D.C. until Confederate forces withdrew to Centreville in September 1861 .
As noted elsewhere on Wikipedia , on Sunday , August 25 , 1861 , there was a little known skirmish here between the Union ( American Civil War ) and the Confederate States of America .
The modern era
The area now contains a mix of private residences , a school , a church , and the Fairfax County , Virginia Mason District Government Center as well as the Fairfax County Park Authority Mason District Park . State historic marker T-50 is located at adjacent to the Government Center , and the county historic marker is located within Mason District Park at .
References
Hills of Virginia
Landforms of Fairfax County , Virginia
Edwin C. Daw was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Career
Daw played for Doncaster Rovers , Bradford City and Oldham Athletic . For Bradford City they made 16 appearances in the Football League ; they also made 3 appearances in the FA Cup .
Sources
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
English footballers
Doncaster Rovers F.C . players
Bradford City A.F.C . players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C . players
English Football League players
Association football goalkeepers
Aihud Pevsner ( December 18 , 1925 – June 17 , 2018 ) was an American experimental physicist who was the lead researcher credited with the discovery of the Eta meson .
Born in Haifa , Mandatory Palestine , to Yoshua Pevsner and Esther Ben-Yeshaia , Aihud Pevsner immigrated to the United States with their parents at the age of three . The family , of Belarusian-Jewish descent , settled in New York . Pevsner served in the United States Navy from 1944 to 1945 , and married Lucille Wolf in 1949 .
Upon earning a doctorate in physics from Columbia University , they began teaching at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . In 1956 , Pevsner joined the Johns Hopkins University faculty . Over the course of their career , Pevsner received two Guggenheim fellowships , was named a Fulbright Scholar , and granted fellowship by the American Physical Society . They were the lead researcher credited with the discovery of the Eta meson , and appointed a Jacob L. Hain professor in 1977 .
Pevsner died at the age of 92 on June 17 , 2018 .
References
1925 births
2018 deaths
20th-century American physicists
20th-century American Jews
People from Haifa
American people of Belarusian-Jewish descent
Experimental physicists
Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Columbia University alumni
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Mandatory Palestine emigrants to the United States
21st-century American Jews
American people of Palestinian-Jewish descent
The 2012 NCAA Division II women 's basketball tournament was the 31st annual tournament hosted by the NCAA to determine the national champion of Division II women 's collegiate basketball in the United States .
Shaw defeated Ashland in the championship game , 88–82 after one overtime period , to claim the Bears ' first NCAA Division II national title .
The championship rounds were contested at Bill Greehey Arena on the campus of the St. Mary 's University in San Antonio , Texas .
Regionals
East - Waltham , Massachusetts
Location : Dana Center Host : Bentley College
Central - Wayne , Nebraska
Location : Rice Auditorium Host : Wayne State College
Midwest - Ashland , Ohio
Location : Kates Gymnasium Host : Ashland University
West - La Jolla , California
Location : RIMAC Arena Host : University of California , San Diego
South - Winter Park , Florida
Location : Alfond Sports Center Host : Rollins College
Southeast - Aiken , South Carolina
Location : USCA Convocation Center Host : University of South Carolina-Aiken
Atlantic - Edinboro , Pennsylvania
Location : McComb Fieldhouse Host : Edinboro University of Pennsylvania
South Central - Topeka , Kansas
Location : Lee Arena Host : Washburn University
Elite Eight - San Antonio , Texas
Location : Bill Greehey Arena Host : Saint Mary 's University
All-tournament team
Kyria Buford , Shaw
Sequoyah Griffin , Shaw
Jena Stutzman , Ashland
Kari Daugherty , Ashland
Jacqui Brugliera , Bentley
See also
NCAA Women 's Division II Basketball Championship
2012 NCAA Division II men 's basketball tournament
References
2012 NCAA Division II women 's basketball tournament jonfmorse.com
NCAA Division II women 's basketball tournament
2012 in Texas
Basketball in San Antonio
Heinrich Hetsch ( 2 July 1873 , Mainz – 3 December 1947 , Bad Homburg ) was a German physician and microbiologist . They are known as the original author , with Wilhelm Kolle , of the famous book Experimental Bacteriology , one of the most authoritative works in microbiology in the first half of the 20th century .
They studied medicine at the German military medical school Pépinière , and graduated as a physician and obtained a research doctorate ( Dr.med . ) in 1895 . They subsequently worked as a military physician , reaching the rank of Generaloberarzt , including as a researcher at the Robert Koch Institute for Infectious Diseases in Berlin ( 1902–1905 ) and as an adviser on hygiene and epidemiology at the Prussian Ministry of War . They obtained the Habilitation in 1914 at Leibniz University Hannover and became a Professor in 1916 . From 1920 they worked at the National Institute for Experimental Therapy as a researcher and head of department . Their research focused on many areas of microbiology , particularly immunology . They were noted especially for their research on cholera and typhus vaccines .
References
German military doctors
German microbiologists
Paul Ehrlich Institute people
1873 births
1947 deaths
Robert Koch Institute people
Ipswich West State School ( formerly Little Ipswich State School ) is a heritage-listed state school at 12 Omar Street , West Ipswich ( formerly Little Ipswich ) , City of Ipswich , Queensland , Australia . It was built from 1861 to 1919 . It is also known as Ipswich West Special School . It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 .
History
The Ipswich West State School and Ipswich West Special School stand on a site which has been used as a primary school since 1861 . Following the first Education Act of 1860 a government based education system was commenced in Queensland and schools began to appear across the state . In 1861 , seven National Schools were opened in Queensland which included the coeducational school at Little Ipswich on 5 August . Little Ipswich ( now West Ipswich ) was an area of early urban settlement in Ipswich and in 1862 there were 52 pupils enrolled at the school .
Later agitation by the Ipswich National School Committee forced the establishment of a separate Boys ' and Girls ' Schools and a new Boys ' School Building was erected in 1882 on the site of the present Special School . Contractors Reuben Worley and James Whitehead erected the building at a cost of , of which was provided by the local community in accordance with government legislation of the time . The Education Act of 1875 introduced free , compulsory education for children aged 6 to 12 years which prompted an increase in school attendance and a need for additional educational facilities . Local communities were required to provide one fifth of the cost of construction and the Department of Public Instruction provided a teacher and resources .
The school was erected to one of the standard designs of Robert Ferguson , Superintendent of School Buildings for the Department of Public Instruction from 1875 to 1893 . This standard design was known as `` Carpenter Gothic '' , a style used in metropolitan areas and provincial cities from 1880 to 1893 . The design addressed problems in earlier school buildings by providing wider verandahs , ample floor space , play sheds , well protected hat rooms , convenient lavatories and decent offices . The design of these school buildings also reflected a change in attitude to the education of children as it responded to the concerns of educationalists including improved light and ventilation for students .
The former Boys ' School building displays many of the original design features such as steeply pitched roofs , decorative finials and brackets at the end gables and diagonal boarding on the verandah ceilings . The grounds also contained a play shed , common in the Ferguson era , still standing today .
After the erection the Boys ' School the girls continued to occupy the original 1861 school building . During the floods of 1893 the Girls ' School was used for accommodating people who had lost their homes . Building of a new Girls ' School began in 1907 and this involved construction of a brick wing by Harry Woodford at a cost of . In 1911 an additional brick wing was added by Wilson and Pickels contractors at a cost of . Work on the final section was commenced in 1919 at a cost and was officially opened on 19 June 1920 .
The gradual construction of the three brick school buildings from 1907 to 1919 reflected a change in the design and construction method of state schools due to the increased prosperity in Queensland in the early 1900s . Brick schools were all individually designed and were built in areas where a large population justified their construction . Brick schools were not commonplace which makes the Ipswich West State School buildings a good example of the type of school buildings erected in an established urban area during the period .
In 1934 the Boys ' and Girls ' Schools again became coeducational , occupying only the brick buildings , with C.W . Munro as the Headmaster . At this time pupils numbered 232 and remodelling of the school was undertaken at a cost of .
For twenty years the old Boys ' School stood unoccupied and fell into disrepair . Demolition was resisted by the School Committee who carried out some maintenance and used it as a venue for fund raising functions . In 1957 vocational training for primary pupils of the Ipswich district was introduced and the old school became a manual training centre . The school is the now the premises for the Ipswich West Special School .
Recent additions to both school complexes include a new painted blockwork and timber covered way and classroom block designed by Bruce Buchanan Architects Pty Ltd and built in 1991 at a cost of $ 400,000 at the Ipswich West State School , and a new block designed by David Pagenden Architects for the Special School , also built in 1991 .
Description
The listing boundary encompasses two separate state schools on a single site - Ipswich West State School and Ipswich West Special School , both of which contain early school buildings .
Ipswich West Special School , at the northern end of the site , contains two early timber school buildings , constructed in 1882 . These buildings are typical of the schools constructed during the Ferguson Era ( 1875-1893 ) of the Department of Public Instruction and are similar to the B/T4 Type , usually designed for medium to larger schools .
The two wings are set at right angles to each other and are low set , timber-framed buildings clad in chamferboards and supported on brick piers . They have steeply pitched gable roofs with stepped bargeboards to the original verandah spaces . Decorative timber brackets are set in front of timber louvred vents at each gable end . Each wing originally contained two separate classrooms with verandahs front and back . At each end wall a large bank of windows is protected by a timber window hood . The classrooms in the eastern wing feature tall , narrow timber windows which pivot from a central fitting . The original verandah ceilings are lined with diagonal boarding on top of the rafters . Classroom walls and ceilings are lined internally with horizontal boarding . The northern wing has a separate teachers room set at 90 degrees to the main building and accessed from the front verandah .
The northern wing retains one classroom with internal boarded finish , the other classroom has been divided with plasterboard partitions into office spaces . The eastern wing contains two classrooms linked by a concertina door . The rear walls to the verandahs have been removed and the verandah space incorporated into the classrooms . A new classroom block and covered walkway has been added at right angles to the eastern wing .
An early timber play shed is located in the Ipswich West Special School grounds . It is a gable roofed open structure of the B/T5 Type . Surviving early fabric includes large-scale timber posts with curved timber brackets . The posts have been cut off at the base and supported on steel stirrups . The play shed has been re-roofed and the end wall enclosed with steel custom-orb sheeting with weatherboards to each gable end .
Ipswich West State School contains three brick school buildings which were constructed between 1907 and 1919 . Brick schools were not as common as timber schools and these buildings do not conform to a particular typology . Brick schools were usually individually designed and were built in areas which had a larger population .
The buildings are set in a U-shape configuration , and are of face brick construction with steeply pitched gable roofs . Decorative timber fretwork is a feature of each gable end , and the south and west wings have louvred vents behind the fretwork . The 1907 wing is separated from the adjoining western wing , the western wing abuts the south wing at one corner and all buildings are connected by a timber verandah . A separate room was constructed for the principal 's office at 90 degrees to the west wing , accessed from the verandah . The verandah is simply detailed with slatted timber balustrades , lattice panels and curved timber valances .
The 1907 north wing is a low-set building with equally spaced double- hung windows to three sides . Separate window hoods protect the end windows and the roof is extended down and supported with timber brackets to protect the windows to the northern side . The eastern end of the verandah has been enclosed with weatherboards to form a storeroom . The interior ceilings are lined with tongue and groove boarding and feature a central lattice vent . The original single room has been divided into two offices with a recent glazed partition . Adjacent to the verandah is an early school bell . The bell hangs under a small pyramid roof set on four timber posts on a stone base .
The south wing appears to be the earlier 1911 building because the west wing has been joined to it at the corner and the end window of the south wing has been bricked in . The south wing is high set at the eastern end with toilets under the building . The toilet space is divided by single-skin vertically boarded partitions . The fixtures are recent . The upper floor of the building originally contained three separate classrooms which have now been converted to two classrooms with a multi-purpose space between them . The south wall has equally spaced double-hung windows protected by a roof overhang supported by timber brackets . A timber-framed addition with a hip roof is at the eastern end of the building , which is used for offices .
The west wing , probably built in 1919 , is high set with play space and a tuckshop under the building . The upper floor originally contained three separate classrooms but has been modified to house the staff room in one original classroom space , with the library occupying two classrooms with the dividing wall removed . Large bays of casement windows to each end wall remain , with the top bay of windows sets inwards at an angle . Window hoods with timber brackets and lattice panels protect these windows . Access to the classrooms is provided by double timber doors with fanlights above . A separate brick office , originally for the principal , is accessed from the verandah of this wing . It is a gable roofed extension set at 90 degrees to the building with a single double-hung window .
A brick toilet block stands to the east of the buildings . It is constructed of face brick with a hip roof and high-level louvred windows . Recent school buildings have been set well back from the early buildings and do not intrude on the setting .
Heritage listing
The school was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 having satisfied the following criteria .
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .
The school is important in demonstrating the pattern of Queensland 's history as the layers of school buildings constructed since 1861 reflect the growth of Queensland 's education system .
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places .
They are also prime examples of two different architectural types of Queensland State School buildings which changed in response to practical needs , changing attitudes to education and social trends in local communities and the state as a whole . The 1882 buildings ( in the Special School Complex ) were built to the standard Ferguson design , `` Carpenter Gothic '' , developed in response to requests by educationalists to improve standards of school buildings in Queensland . The brick buildings ( in the Ipswich West State School Complex , 1907 - 1919 ) were constructed in a period which saw variance in design dictated by the size and wealth of the local community .
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance .
The two school complexes are of aesthetic significance , the brick buildings creating a visually consistent composition unobstructed by recent buildings and framed by mature trees in the school grounds . Both the brick and the earlier timber buildings are significant for their architectural composition and detailing e.g . the steeply pitched gabled roofs , timber brackets and finials , diagonal boarding and variety of window types .
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social , cultural or spiritual reasons .
The schools have a strong association with the past , present and future generations of the school communities as a place of continuous education and recreation and as a focal point for the local community since 1861 .
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
West Ipswich , Queensland
Public schools in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
The Volvo ÖV 4 was the first car built by Volvo . The designation ÖV 4 stands for `` Öppen Vagn 4 cylindrar '' in Swedish , which means Open Carriage , 4 cylinders . The model ÖV 4 has later often been referred to as `` Jakob '' but that was just a name for one of the 10 pre-series ÖV 4 that was ready on 25 July 1926 , Jakob 's name day . All 10 prototypes were assembled in Stockholm at the company AB Galco , Hälsingegatan 41 where Gustaf Larson worked at that time . Only one of the 10 pre-series cars manufactured during 1926 was saved for posterity and is housed at the Volvo Museum in Gothenburg , Sweden .
History
The engine was designed by Gustav Larson and its main chassis components by Jan G. Smith , a designer who had worked many years in the American automobile industry and returned to Sweden in 1924 . Many of Jan G. Smith 's original drawings for the ÖV4 and other technical papers that they collected in America are saved in the archive of the National Museum of Science and Technology in Stockholm , Sweden .
When the first series produced ÖV4 was about to drive out of the factory and engineer Eric Carlberg put it into first gear , the car went backwards , where the car was actually in reverse gear . The explanation was that the differential gear in the rear axle had been fitted incorrectly . This mistake delayed the introduction by one day and the official introduction day for the ÖV4 was then adjusted to 14 April 1927 , the day AB Volvo officially says the automobile company Volvo was `` born '' — this is from a marketing point of view . The company as an automobile company was born as a subsidiary company to SKF on 10 August 1926 .
Models
The cabriolet was not very successful in the Swedish climate ; the covered version , PV 4 , was introduced in the summer of 1927 . This had a Weymann body and the original design was rather ungainly . Helmer MasOlle , who had been inspired by their personal Voisin C5 when they designed the original ÖV 4 , was reportedly furious about the PV 4 and would not be associated with it . By 1928 a more balanced design was introduced , with a longer bonnet and thinner pillars . The oval rear window of the original PV 4 was gradually replaced by a rectangular unit .
Between 1927 and 1929 a total of 996 cars were manufactured . Of these 694 were PV 4 and 302 ÖV 4 . 251 of the covered cars were of the `` PV 4 Special '' model . The ÖV 4 production includes 27 naked chassis and 70 small pickup trucks ( ÖV 4 TV ) developed for Telegrafverket , the royal telecommunications company . Some of these light trucks were sold to other customers . The TV model has a small convertible top mounted just behind the front seats , with a cargo area behind .
Technical specification
Engine : 4-cylinder side-valve , volume 1944 cc
Power output : at 2000 rpm
Max . output torque :
Gearbox : 3 forward , 1 reverse
Max speed : recommended 60 km/h ( 37 miles/h ) , top speed
Weight :
Beginning in 1928 , four-wheel brakes became optional fitment .
References
Notes
External links
Volvo Museum , Göteborg , Sweden . Official website .
National Museum of Science and Technology , Stockholm , Sweden . Official website .
Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences . Official website .
OV4
First car made by manufacturer
Cars introduced in 1926
Hisingen
Ó Maoilchiaráin an Fili ( ) was an Irish poet .
Background
Edward MacLysaght believed that this name was a later substitution for Ó Maolchairill , a minor erenagh family based at Cloonkeenkerrill , north-east of Athenry in County Galway . They derived their name , though not their descent , from Saint Kerrill , the first Christian missionary in the area . Various members of the family occurred infrequently in late medieval church documents , the majority of them apparently clergy .
It is now generally rendered as Mulkerrins , and still found in the Athenry area .
Tugaid oinne
Ó Maoilchiaráin 's single known extant poem is Tugaid oinne , described by O'Reilly as `` a beautiful elegy on the death of their son . This very pathetic poem consists of one hundred and seventy-two verses . '' They noted that as of 1820 a copy was in the library of one `` John M'Namara , Esq . ''
The poem is notable for been one of the very few intensely personal poems of the period to survive . It can be compared to the notable Deán oram trócaire , a Thríonnóid ( Have mercy on me , O Trinity ) , by Giolla Brighde Mac Con Midhe , ( ? 1210– ? 1272 ) , who similarly griefed the death of their children . This may be due in part to the fact that the majority of Gaelic poet 's work was professional , concerned mainly with political events , history and praise-poems .
See also
Soghain
References
A Chronological Account of Nearly Four A Hundred Irish Writers , Edward O'Reilly , Dublin , 1820 ( reprinted 1970 ) .
The Surnames of Ireland , Edward MacLysaght , 1978 .
Ballymacward : The story of an east Galway parish , John S. Flynn , 1991 .
The Life , Legends and Legacy of Saint Kerrill : A Fifth-Century East Galway Evangelist , Joseph Mannion , 2004 . 0 954798 1 3
People from County Galway
Medieval Irish poets
Year of death unknown
14th-century Irish writers
14th-century Irish poets
Year of birth unknown
Irish male poets
Lepyokhin ( , from лепёшка meaning flatbread ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Lepyokhina . It may refer to
Ivan Lepyokhin ( 1740–1802 ) , Russian naturalist , zoologist and botanist
Konstantin Lepyokhin ( born 1975 ) , Russian football coach and a former player
Russian-language surnames
Natalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south-east of Kamień , south-east of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Antushevo ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 5 as of 2002 .
Geography
Antushevo is located 43 km west of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kudrinskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Luca Cattapani was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period , active in their native Cremona . They were born about the year 1570 , and was a pupil of one of the Campi . They painted a Decollation of St. John for the church of San Donato at Cremona .
Sources
1570s births
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Cremona
Renaissance painters
Year of death unknown
Goh Chui Ling ( born 27 November 1992 ) is a national track and field athlete from Singapore specialising in middle-distance events . They were a member of the 4x400 women 's team and 4x400 mixed team that set the current national records . They also hold the national record for the women 's 2.4 km and women 's 10,000m ( road ) .
Sporting career
Goh started track and field training when they were 13 years old , when they were pursuing their Singapore-Cambridge GCE Ordinary Level at Macpherson Secondary School . They chose track and field because their two older sisters were also competing in track and field events . They started as a high jumper in secondary school , winning gold at the National Track and Field Championship in 2008 . They participated again in the High Jump at the ASEAN Schools Track and Field Championship in 2008 , in Danang . When Goh was in Hwa Chong Junior College and National University of Singapore , they branched out into sprints as well .
While studying in NUS , Goh was a recipient of the NUS Sports Scholarship . They were invited to the national senior squad in 2013 , and participated in the 400m at the 2013 South-East Asian Games in Naypyidaw . Subsequently , they participated in other major games , such as 2014 Asian Games in Incheon , 2015 Southeast Asian Games and ASEAN University Games 2016 in Singapore , 2017 Asian Athletics in Bhubaneswar , and 2017 Southeast Asian Games in Kuala Lumpur . At the 2015 South-East Asian Games , together with Dipna Lim Prasad , T. Piriyah , and Veronica Shanti Pereira - the team broke the 41-year-old record .
On 23 January 2021 , Goh raced in the 5,000m for the first time , clocking 17:55.47 , which was just outside the SEA Games qualifying mark of 17:52.16 . On 17 October 2021 , they set a new national mark for 10 km ( road ) with a time of 37:17.50 , breaking the previous mark by 51.50s . A month later , they ran 36:28 for the same event at the Foulee Venissiane race in Lyon . In the same year , they also set personal bests for the 800m ( 2:09.42 ) and 1,500m ( 4:32.56 ) . On 9 January 2022 , Goh broke the national record for the 2.4 km with a time of 7:58.50 at the Pocari Sweat Run .
At the 2021 Southeast Asian Games , Goh won the bronze in the 1500m , clocking 4:33.41 . They also won the bronze in the 10,000m , clocking 39:22.26 , though the latter was only awarded after the Singapore delegation lodged a protest against a Vietnamese runner who came in initially won the silver medal and was disqualified for wearing unapproved shoes .
On 16 July 2022 , Goh broke the national record for 1,500m at the Flanders Cup in Belgium , clocking 4:27.26 , almost 4 seconds faster than the previous record of 4:31.20 set by Kandasamy Jayamani in 1982 . On 7 August , they also broke Jayamani 's 3,000m record of 9:56.6s by clocking 9:51.16s at the Neustadter Laufermeeting in Germany . This was their seventh national mark , including two relay records .
Legal career
Goh graduated from the Faculty of Law from the National University of Singapore in 2016 , and they were called as an Advocate & Solicitor in the Supreme Court of Singapore in 2017 . They joined Edmond Pereira Law Corporation , specialising in civil and criminal litigation . They have been involved in criminal cases , involving corruption , cheating , and breach of international sanctions and civil litigation at the Court of Appeal of Singapore .
Goh graduated from Melbourne Law School in 2021 with a Master of Laws and continued with their research for a Doctor of Philosophy with Melbourne . They have been a visiting researcher with National University of Singapore and the Centre for Asian Legal Studies , and has widely published on sports law ( including peer-reviewed articles ) , on topics such as disability sports , anti-doping , e-sports , human rights in sports , gender eligibility , and has spoken on sports law at international seminars .
Goh is on the board of Chiam See Tong Sports Fund , a Singaporean sports charity .
References
Living people
Singaporean female sprinters
1992 births
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Singapore
Southeast Asian Games bronze medalists for Singapore
Southeast Asian Games medalists in athletics
Competitors at the 2021 Southeast Asian Games
The National Mission for Manuscripts ( NAMAMI ) is an autonomous organisation under Ministry of Culture , Government of India , established to survey , locate and conserve Indian manuscripts , with an aim to create national resource base for manuscripts , for enhancing their access , awareness and use for educational purposes . The Mission was initiated in February 2003 , by the Ministry of Tourism and Culture , Government of India and Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts ( IGNCA ) is the nodal agency for the execution of this project . It creates bibliographic databases of Indian manuscripts and is involved in the conservation and preservation of the manuscripts .
Overview
The organisation works in the field of restoration and conservation Indian manuscripts , and their digitisation , to promote access and scholarship through research and publication . It has also established a national network of institutions and manuscript repositories , including Manuscript Resource Centres ( MRC-s ) , Manuscript Conservation Centres ( MCC-s ) , Manuscript Partner Centres ( MPC-s ) and Manuscript Conservation Partner Centres ( MCPC-s ) , spread across the nation . It has also established Kritisampada , the National Database of Manuscripts , a digital archive at its website .
The Mission also got a Rigveda manuscripts preserved at the Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute , Pune , where it runs a 'Manuscripts Resource and Conservation Centre ' , included in UNESCO 'S , Memory of the World Register in 2007 . In October 2010 , the Sayaji Rao Gaekwad Library ( Central Library ) , BHU in association with the Mission , held a national workshop on manuscript conservation at the library .
Manuscript Conservation Centres ( MCCs )
The Mission runs a network of 32 conservation units across the India , known as Manuscript Conservation Centres ( MCCs ) , divided according to geographical zones .
North
Central Institute of Buddhist Studies , Leh
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts ( IGNCA ) , New Delhi
Department of Language and Culture , Shimla
The Himalayan Society for Heritage and Art Conservation , Nainital
Vrindavan Research Institute , Vrindavan
Rampur Raza Library , Rampur
Nagarjuna Buddhist Foundation , Gorakhpur
Indian Conservation Institute , Lucknow
Visweshvarananda Biswabandhu Institute of Sanskrit and Indological Studies , Hoshiarpur
Central Library , Banaras Hindu University , Banaras
South
Oriental Research Institute , Sri Venkateswara University , Tirupati
Salar Jung Museum , Hyderabad , Telangana
INTACH Chitrakala Parishath Art Conservation Centre , Bangalore , Karnataka
Tamil Nadu Government Museum , Chennai , Tamil Nadu
Karnataka State Archives , Bangalore , Karnataka
Tanjore Maharaja Serfoji 's Saraswati Mahal Library , Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu
Centre for Heritage Studies Hill Palace Museum , Thripunithura , Kerala
Regional Conservation Laboratory , Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala
State Archives and Research Institute , Hyderabad , Telangana
East
Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library , Patna
Sarasvati , Bhadrak
Sri Dev Kumar Jain Oriental research Institute , Arrah
Manuscript Library , University of Calcutta , Kolkata , West Bengal
INTACH Orissa Art Conservation Centre , Bhubaneswar , Odisha
AITIHYA , Bhubaneswar , Odisha
Sambalpur University , Burla , Odisha
Krishna Kanta Handiqui Library , Gauhati University , Guwahati , Assam
Manipur State Archives , Imphal , Manipur
Tawang Monastery , Tawang , Arunachal Pradesh
West
Rajasthan Oriental Research Institute , Jodhpur
Mahaveer Digamber Jain Pandulipi Samrakshan Kendra , Jaipur , Rajasthan
Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Institute of Indology , Ahmedabad , Gujarat
Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute ( BORI ) , Pune , Maharashtra
Central
Scindia Oriental Research Institute ( SORI ) , Ujjain
Manuscript Studies
Basic Level Courses on Manuscriptology and Palaeography
Advanced Level Workshop on Manuscriptology and Palaeography
Research Fellowships ( Gurukula Fellowships )
References
External links
Official Website of National Mission for Manuscripts
Bharatiya Kriti Sampada , the National Database of Manuscripts
Historiography of India
Manuscripts
Government agencies established in 2003
Organisations based in Delhi
Government agencies of India
Heritage organizations
Indology
Archives in India
2003 establishments in Delhi
Indian missions
John McVey ( born John McVey Criscitiello ; November 18 , 1959 ) is an American folk rock singer-songwriter from Princeton , New Jersey . Their style of music is part of the new folk acoustic movement , bringing elements of pop , rock and folk music to modern audiences . Now living in Colorado , local magazine 5280 describes McVey by saying , `` McVey 's smooth yet lightly smoky voice create a soft rock , adult contemporary sound that draws worthy comparisons to Marc Cohn , Shawn Colvin , and Daryl Hall '' .
Beginnings
McVey began playing guitar and writing songs in grade school , and was a regular performer in high school . They were completely self-taught until college , where they majored in music , studying guitar with classical performer Edward Flower at Ithaca College . Later they studied under jazz guitarist Ted Dunbar at Rutgers University , who played with jazz greats Sonny Rollins , McCoy Tyner , Tony Williams and Gil Evans . McVey graduated from Rutgers with a BA and immediately began pursuing music professionally . They worked as a piano tuner while launching their songwriting and performing career .
In 1991 , they and their first band won the Marlboro Music Talent Roundup in Philadelphia . The band won a trip to Nashville to compete with winners from other cities and open for Joe Ely .
They released their first independent CD , Circle of Friends in 1994 . The album was produced by Alain Mallet , then husband of Jonatha Brooke . Brooke and McVey became friends and the connection would prove to be enduring . The two would collaborate on multiple recordings throughout the years . Most notable on Circle of Friends is a duet of I Want to Hold Your Hand , a cover of the Beatles song .
Nashville and beyond
In 1995 , they moved to Nashville to engross themselves in the songwriting community . There , they quickly gained recognition as an emerging talent . Country Music Television reflected on McVey 's arrival by saying , `` When John McVey decided to become a full-time musician , they kicked down the doors of the songwriting community '' . They were soon asked to play an 'in the round ' at the famed Bluebird Café . Their regular gigs at the Bluebird continued to help them build and network in the Nashville community . Although their style was more folk rock than country , they were chosen to be part of the touring band for country star Lari White . As their acoustic guitarist and background singer , McVey and White headlined with and opened for acts such as Travis Tritt , Marty Stewart and Vince Gill .
In 1996 , they won the Kerrville Folk Festival 's New Folk Contest , and was discovered by BWE Music . They were signed by the Salt Lake City based independent label ( a subsidiary of Bonneville Worldwide Entertainment ) and Circle of Friends was re-released in 1997 on the BWE label , with the addition of a few new songs , including , perhaps oddly , the title track . This brought Johns music to a broader audience and allowed them to establish connections which would lead to future collaboration . During the late 90s , they were a finalist in several other festival contests , including the Rocky Mountain Folks Festival in Colorado and the Napa Valley Music Festival in California . In 1997 they were named Artist of The Year by The National Academy of Songwriters .
Genre
After being signed to BWE , John moved to Park City , Utah . Their touring schedule was extensive , but they maintained a studio presence and did session recordings with artists such as : Felicia Sorenson , Nancy Hanson , Jenny Frogly , Sam Cardon and Kurt Bestor . They also penned songs for True North and several EFY ( Especially for Youth ) projects . All of this was work done for hire . In spite of this fact , since artists and record companies were eager to use their name as well as their talents on their projects , McVey has been listed as a `` Christian '' artist even though their music and message have never been religious in nature .
`` Daddy ''
McVey has also been a major presence in the world of children 's music education . In 1988 , John met Ken Guilmartin , founder of Music Together , Inc , and was asked to be a part of an early recording . Since then , McVey has been part of every CD released by Music Together , and is the `` daddy '' in the virtual family depicted on the CDs . They have also participated in live shows at the Director 's Conferences .
Artist and producer
In 2000 , McVey released their second CD , Jigsaw . They again worked with producer Alain Mallet , guitarist Duke Levine ( Mary Chapin Carpenter , Ellis Paul ) and bassist Mike Rivard ( Paula Cole ) , this time adding drummer Dave Mattacks ( Paul McCartney , Fairport Convention ) . This CD was released by Native Language Music and distributed by NAVAR .
Throughout the late 1990s and early 2000s , while touring extensively , McVey had begun producing albums for local and national artists in the folk rock genre . They were noticed by Coupe Studios , and in 2002 was hired on as a producer and engineer . McVey settled in Boulder , Colorado and has produced hundreds of projects , working with CO artists such as Chuck Pyle , Angie Stevens , Driftwood Fire , Paper Bird and Hazel Miller . Known for their vocal coaching and arranging skills , they also play guitars , bass , keyboards and other instruments on these projects .
John has also created original music and done production for commercials . They have written and performed in national ad spots , including the TELE award-winning Umpire spot , a 60-second public service announcement for The Foundation for a Better Life . They have also written and produced commercials for The US Ski Team , Dish Network , The Idaho Lottery , Ford and many more .
Present
In 2008 , between producing projects for other artists , McVey began writing and producing songs for their third CD , Unpredictable . The CD was released in 2010 . It is self produced and has gained much critical acclaim for the artist/producer . The Planet Weekly stated that , `` John McVey 's Unpredictable…is Americana with heavy soul and folk influences '' . Denver 's Westword newspaper was quoted as saying , `` Not only does Unpredictable sound remarkable , but the album feels unhurried '' .
Discography
References
1959 births
American male singer-songwriters
American singer-songwriters
Living people
Mackenzie Thomason ( born July 29 , 1997 ) is a Canadian politician and former leader of the New Brunswick New Democratic Party .
Early life and family
Thomason grew up in Tracy , New Brunswick until the age of 11 when their family moved to Alberta . They returned to New Brunswick upon acceptance to the University of New Brunswick .
Before becoming interim leader of the New Brunswick New Democratic Party , they worked for UPS and as a newspaper carrier in Fredericton . They are currently a bus driver in Fredericton .
Political career
Thomason first became involved with politics during the 2015 Alberta general election where Rachel Notley 's Alberta New Democratic Party won a majority government . They later volunteered with the federal New Democratic Party during the 2015 Canadian federal election in the Fredericton area .
During the 2018 New Brunswick general election , Thomason ran in New Maryland—Sunbury . They were named interim leader of the New Brunswick New Democratic Party in March 2019 . In 2019 federal election , they ran as the NDP candidate in Fredericton . Thomason led the New Brunswick NDP into the 2020 provincial election , they unsuccessfully ran in Fredericton North and the NDP did not win any seats in the legislature .
Thomason had intended to only lead the party until a new leader was found . A leadership election that had been scheduled for August 2019 was postponed until June 2020 due to a lack of candidates and then was postponed again until April 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic . However , when Premier Blaine Higgs called a snap election for September 14 , 2020 , they led the party through the election campaign , saying beforehand that they were in `` a little bit of panic '' at the prospects of leading the party in an election campaign , saying , `` It was n't something I ever thought of when I first signed up for the job . '' Thomason positioned the party further to the left than in previous campaigns , in order to distinguish the party from the Green Party and the Liberals . They told CBC News : `` I think it 's really about making sure that we cement our values ... A lot of this back and forth between centre and centre left , it 's not working . It 's not working for the party . It 's not working for electoral chances . It 's definitely not working for New Brunswickers . ''
They participated in the televised leaders ' debate on September 3 , 2020 , saying that the province may have to continue to run deficits in order to ensure people had access “ to the services they pay for . ”
Thomason 's campaign focussed on bringing in a $ 15/hour minimum wage , senior care , making prescription medicine affordable , as well as reducing and eventually eliminating tuition for post-secondary education .
In the 2020 New Brunswick general election , the NDP failed to win a seat , and received only 1.7 % of the vote province-wide . Thomason resigned as interim leader on November 15 , 2020 .
Thomason reassumed the NDP leadership on September 14 , 2021 when they were acclaimed as permanent leader . They resigned eight months later , due to internal turmoil .
Electoral record
References
New Brunswick New Democratic Party leaders
Living people
People from Sunbury County , New Brunswick
University of New Brunswick alumni
1997 births
`` All My Friends Are Getting Married '' is a song by Australian band Skyhooks , released in June 1975 as the second and final single from the band 's second studio album , Ego Is Not a Dirty Word . It is written by the group 's bass guitarist , Greg Macainsh and was produced by Ross Wilson . The song peaked at number two in Australia .
Track listing
7 '' single ( K-6021 )
Side A `` All My Friends Are Getting Married '' - 4:50
Side B `` Saturday Night '' - 2:45
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1975 singles
Mushroom Records singles
1975 songs
Songs written by Greg Macainsh
Skyhooks ( band ) songs
In optics , smear is used to refer to motion that has low temporal frequency relative to the integration/exposure time . This typically results from a relative rate of the image with respect to the detector ( e.g. , caused by movement in the scene ) . Smear is typically differentiated from jitter , which has a higher frequency relative to the integration time . Whereas smear refers to a relatively constant rate during the integration/exposure time , jitter refers to a relatively sinusoidal motion during the integration/exposure time .
The equation for the optical modulation transfer function associated with smear is the standard sinc function associated with an extended sample
where is the spatial frequency and is the amplitude of the smear in pixels .
References
Imaging
Science of photography
The Union of Trade Unions of Chad ( UST ) is a trade union centre in Chad . It was formed originally in 1988 as the National Union of Chadian Workers ( UNST ) . The UNST was dissolved briefly in 1990 and reemerged as the UST .
The UST is affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation .
References
Trade unions in Chad
International Trade Union Confederation
1991 establishments in Chad
Trade unions established in 1991
Slum Village is an American hip hop group from Detroit , Michigan . The group was formed by three members , rappers Baatin ( 1974–2009 ) and T3 , plus rapper and producer J Dilla ( 1974–2006 ) . J Dilla left in 2001 to pursue a solo career with MCA Records . Elzhi joined in their absence , after which Baatin also left due to health complications .
Following J Dilla 's death in 2006 and Baatin 's death in 2009 , T3 remains the sole surviving member of the original lineup . Over its history the group has been through several line-up changes , which once included J Dilla 's younger brother Illa J , but now the group currently exists as a duo of T3 and producer Young RJ .
Formation and early years
Rappers Baatin , T3 and producer J Dilla grew up together in the Conant Gardens neighborhood of Detroit and attended the same high school , Pershing High School . Slum Village was founded by Baatin , T3 and J Dilla .
From 1996 to 1997 the group recorded their first album Fantastic ( Vol . 1 ) , however it was not officially released until 2006 , 9 years after original recording .
Slum Village signed their first record deal in 1998 with the now defunct Barak/A & M records . Due to internal politics with the label , the group was forced to release their 2000 album Best Kept Secret under the alias `` J-88 '' . Best Kept Secret featured remixes and leftover material from the heavily boot-legged Fantastic , Vol . 1 . That same year Fantastic , Vol . 2 was released on GoodVibe Recordings , which featured appearances from Busta Rhymes , Common , D'Angelo , DJ Jazzy Jeff , Pete Rock , Kurupt , and Q-Tip .
J Dilla era
Fresh out of high school , the group steadily became popular in Detroit 's underground hip hop scene . However , by the mid-1990s J Dilla was already a well known hip-hop prospect , with a string of singles and remixes to their name , working on projects with Janet Jackson , Pharcyde , De La Soul , Busta Rhymes , and Q-Tip among others . In 1995 they were invited to become a member of a production team known as The Ummah , which produced the fourth and fifth A Tribe Called Quest studio albums , as well as hits for a number of R & B and hip hop musicians . In 1998 , Slum Village opened for A Tribe Called Quest , on their farewell tour . In 2001 , J Dilla left Slum Village to pursue a solo career .
J Dilla died on February 10 , 2006 , after being diagnosed with TTP and Lupus . In light of their game-changing impact in the world of music production , many high-profile artists mourned and paid tribute to them following their death .
Slum Village 's 2015 album YES ! features songs that were produced by Dilla before their 2006 death .
Baatin era
Titus Glover ( March 8 , 1974 – July 31 , 2009 ) , also known as Baatin , was an American rapper who emerged from the mid-1990s underground hip hop scene in Detroit , Michigan part of the rap group Slum Village . Baatin started rapping as a student at Pershing High School in Detroit where they went by the names Scandalous-T , and Eazy-T among others .
In the early 1990s Glover adopted the name Baatin . They claimed the name ( which is Arabic for 'hidden ' ) was chosen to reflect a newfound spirituality .
Baatin remained as an active member of the group until the early 2000s . In 2002 , shortly after the release of the group 's third album , Baatin began to experience health problems , which interfered with the group 's music and touring performances . In regard to their health problems , they said :
Suffering from mental illness and a drug problem , Baatin left the group in 2003 . They were later diagnosed with schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and depression .
Baatin stated that they were `` kicked out while in hospital '' , receiving a termination letter , while in the hospital . They also held the group 's label responsible . In an interview they stated :
After leaving the group , they began recording as a solo artist . During this period , they went by the name `` Baatin the Slumlord . '' In 2008 , the dispute was resolved and Baatin reunited with T3 and Elzhi , and worked on the group 's sixth album Villa Manifesto .
Baatin died on July 31 , 2009 , at the age of 35 . They were found in their home on Anglin Street in northeast Detroit . Following a homicide investigation , reports released by the Wayne County Medical Examiner 's Office , state the cause of their death was cocaine abuse and the manner of death was listed as accidental .
Baatin was survived by a son , Michael Majesty Ellis , a daughter , Aura Grace Glover , and a sister , Tina , all of Detroit .
In 2010 , members Baatin and Illa J were featured alongside many former collaborators of J Dilla ( such as Black Milk , Phat Kat and M.E.D . ) on French producer Cris Prolific 's album Art / Money Volume 1 ( on the tracks Foundations and Voyage respectively ) . J Dilla themselves was slated to make a vocal appearance on the track Innovators but died before recording .
In 2018 , a 7-inch posthumous single of Baatin , `` Do n't Stop '' , was released . A music video for the OG version was released the same day .
Elzhi era
For the 2002 release `` Trinity ( Past , Present and Future ) '' on Barak/Capitol Records , T3 brought in Elzhi to join the group as J Dilla left to focus on their solo career . The album was a moderate success and contained the single Tainted , produced by Karriem Riggins and featuring Dwele Also in 2002 , 'Dirty District , a compilation song by Detroit rappers largely produced by T3 and Young RJ '' Rice , was released .
The group then became a duo consisting T3 and Elzhi , when Baatin became sick while touring in France shortly before the release their 2004 album , Detroit Deli ( A Taste of Detroit ) and departed to seek treatment . The album included the hit single , `` Selfish '' , produced by Kanye West and featuring John Legend . The song samples a part of the intro to the hit song `` Call Me '' by Aretha Franklin . After parting ways with Capitol Records in 2005 , they released Prequel to a Classic a mixtape mostly previously unreleased material , followed by Slum Village `` Self-Titled '' release in October the same year .
In a 2008 interview , T3 announced that Slum Village had reunited with Baatin and had added Illa J to bring a `` Dilla effect '' : cquote|I 'm incorporating Baatin , and I 'm putting Illa J in — not to take Dilla 's place , but just to have that essenceDilla on this new project . I 'm pulling together all the producers that we 've used before — Young RJ , Waajeed Karriem Riggins , Pete Rock and all the people who have been down with SV from day one . Villa Manifestowas released under Koch Records on July 27 , 2010 , featuring Baatin .
In July 2010 , Elzhi decided to pursue their solo career and left the group . In recent interviews , T3 stated that they had not talked to Elzhi since they departed the group .
Slum Village released YESon June 16 , 2015 , an album made with unused J Dilla beats , produced mostly by `` Young RJRice .
Solo work
After theirs leaving the group c. 2000 , J Dilla had a successful solo career before their death in 2006 .
Elzhi has released four mixtapes : Witness My Growth , Europass , The Leftovers : Unmixed tape and Elmatic and two albums : The Preface , which was released on Fat Beats Records in August 2008 , and `` Lead Poison '' , which was released in April 2016 . A demo tape with Dwele titled The Breakfast Club has also circulated .
Baatin 's album Titus : Chapter 10 , Verse 13 was to be released on the label Operation Unknown but has not yet seen official released .
T3 released a mixtape in 2006 titled Olio .
December 2019 T3 dropped a mixtape titled `` ASIF ''
January 23 T3 dropped their first Solo Ep on `` Delicious Vinyl '' titled
`` Mr . Fantastic
J Dilla 's brother , Illa J , released an album titled Yancey Boys for Delicious Vinyl in 2008 , as well as a collaboration album with Frank Nitt titled Sunset Blvd in 2013 .
Collaborated with Robert Strauss on track 'Girl ' in 2007 released on Robert 's Album 'Mr Feelings ' ( BBE )
Discography
Studio albums
Mixtapes
EPs
Compilations
Singles
Appearances
2000 : `` One-4-Teen ( Funky For You ) '' ( from the Bahamadia album BB Queen )
2000 : `` Thelonius '' ( from the Common album Like Water for Chocolate )
2001 : `` LTAH '' ( from the Hi-Tek album Hi-Teknology )
2003 : `` Wolves '' ( from the Phat Kat album The Undeniable LP )
2004 : `` Da Villa '' ( from the Pete Rock album Soul Survivor II )
2004 : `` Aerodynamic ( Slum Village Remix ) '' ( from the Daft Punk Album Daft Club )
2005 : `` Keep On '' ( from the Dwele album Some Kinda ... )
2006 : `` Time Has Come '' ( from the Exile album Dirty Science )
2007 : `` Cuz I 'm Jazzy '' ( from the Guru album Jazzmatazz , Vol . 4 )
2007 : `` Action '' ( from the Black Milk album Popular Demand )
2007 : `` Gangsta Boogie '' ( from the Pete Rock album NY 's Finest )
2007 : `` Got Me Goin ' ( Hip Hop ) '' ( from the Statik Selektah album Spell My Name Right : The Album )
2008 : `` Brandy '' ( from the Dwele album Sketches of a Man )
2008 : `` To Be Determined '' ( from the Evidence album The Layover EP )
2008 : `` Get Live '' ( from the DJ Wich album The Golden Touch )
2010 : `` How I Deal '' ( from the Dwele album W.ants W.orld W.omen )
2010 : `` We Do It '' ( from the KVBeats album The Résumé )
2013 : `` Cash Flow '' ( by Havoc )
2013 : `` En su propia trampa '' ( Canal 13 Chile )
References
External links
Official site
Slum Village Video Interview at dropmagazine.com
Slum Village Interview at HipHopGame.com
Baatin obituary at HHC Digital
Hiphopdx.com
T-3 Interview with HHLO.net ( Hip Hop Lives Online )
J Dilla
Detroit hip hop groups
African-American musical groups
Capitol Records artists
Midwest hip hop groups
Good Vibe Recordings artists
Pershing High School alumni
1996 establishments in Michigan
Archaeopteryx lithographica described by Christian Erich Hermann von Meyer
Death of Heinrich Rudolf Schinz , Frédéric de Lafresnaye and Édouard Ménétries and Prince Albert . Bird names honouring Prince Albert are Prince Albert 's curassow , Menura alberti Albert 's lyrebird and Prince Albert 's riflebird ( Ptiloris magnificus alberti )
Birds described in 1861 include many-colored Chaco finch , invisible rail , grey-capped tyrannulet , African river martin , black dwarf hornbill , Sulawesi myna , northern nightingale-wren , grey-tailed piha , fiery-billed aracari , Ross 's goose ,
Alexander von Homeyer collects birds in the Mediterranean .
In February The populations of Mascarene martin on Mauritius and Réunion are badly affected by a cyclone .
John Gould A Monograph of the Trochilidae or Humming Birds with 360 plates Volume 5 Species described in this work include scaly-breasted hummingbird , violet-tailed sylph and bronze-tailed plumeleteer .
Philip Sclater On the American Barbets ( Capitoniae ) Ibis , 3 : 182–190.online
George Robert Gray Remarks on , and descriptions of , new species of birds lately sent by Mr. A. R. Wallace , from Waigiou , Mysol and Gagie Islands . Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London , 1861
Theodor von Heuglin travels to Africa to search for Eduard Vogel and their companions including Werner Munzinger , Gottlob Kinzelbach , and Hermann Steudner .
Ongoing events
John Gould The birds of Australia ; Supplement 1851–69 . 1 vol . 81 plates ; Artists : J. Gould and H. C. Richter ; Lithographer : H. C. Richter
John Gould The birds of Asia ; 1850-83 7 vols . 530 plates , Artists : J. Gould , H. C. Richter , W. Hart and J. Wolf ; Lithographers : H. C. Richter and W. Hart
The Ibis
References
Bird
Birding and ornithology by year
Dalhousie Mountain is a Canadian peak in the Cobequid Mountains and the highest elevation point in Pictou County , Nova Scotia .
Located north of Trunk 4 west of Salt Springs , the peak is accessible by vehicle using gated roads and is topped by wind turbines and a forest fire surveillance tower .
Wind farm
The Dalhousie Mountain Wind Farm was constructed in 2009 at a cost of $ 130 million and consists of 34 wind turbines with an installed capacity of 51 MW . The turbines are clustered in the vicinity of Dalhousie Mountain as well as on the peak itself . The wind farm is owned by RMSenergy Ltd and is operated as Dalhousie Mountain Wind Farm Operating Limited Partnership .
See also
List of the highest points of Canadian provinces and territories
External links
Atlas of Canada - Facts about mountains
References
Wind farms in Nova Scotia
Mountains of Nova Scotia
Landforms of Pictou County
The Judeo-Masonic conspiracy is an antisemitic and antimasonic conspiracy theory involving an alleged secret coalition of Jews and Freemasons . These theories were popular on the far-right , particularly in France , Spain , Portugal , Italy , Germany , Russia , and Eastern Europe , with similar allegations still being published .
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion
The Judeo-Masonic conspiracy theory merges two older strains of conspiracy claims : anti-Masonic conspiracy claims and antisemitic conspiracy claims . It was heavily influenced by publication of The Protocols of the Elders of Zion , a fabricated document that appeared in the Russian Empire purporting to be an exposé of a worldwide Jewish conspiracy . The Protocols claim that the Jews had infiltrated Freemasonry and were using the fraternity to further their aims . Adherents of the Judeo-Masonic conspiracy took the claim made by the Protocols to extremes and claimed that the leaders of Freemasonry and the leaders of the Jewish plot were one and the same .
An example was the Spanish priest Juan Tusquets Terrats , whose Orígenes de la revolución española and other works built on the Protocols , which they translated , to claim that Jews used freemasons and communists to undermine Christian and Spanish civilisation , providing a justification for the Franco regime , which expanded the threat to an International Judeo-Masonic-Communist conspiracy .
Conceptual influence
According to Danny Keren ( a member of the Department of Computer Science at Haifa University ) , the `` conceptual inspiration '' of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion was the 1797 treatise , Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism by the French priest Augustin Barruel , which claimed the Revolution was a Masonic-led conspiracy with the aim of overthrowing the moral teachings of the Roman Catholic Church . According to Keren , `` in their treatise , Barruel did not themselves blame the Jews , who were emancipated as a result of the Revolution . However , in 1806 , Barruel circulated a fabricated letter , probably sent to them by members of the state police opposed to Napoleon Bonaparte 's liberal policy toward the Jews , calling attention to the alleged part of the Jews in the conspiracy they had earlier attributed to the Masons . This myth of an international Jewish conspiracy reappeared later on in 19th century Europe in places such as Germany and Poland . ''
According to the Grand Lodge of British Columbia and Yukon website : `` While it is both simplistic and specious to lay the responsibility for the French Revolution at the door of Freemasonry , there is no question that freemasons , as individuals , were active in building , and rebuilding , a new society . Considering the large number of bodies claiming masonic authority , many men identified today as freemasons were probably unaware of each other 's masonic association and clearly can not be seen as acting in concert . Yet they did share certain beliefs and ideals . ''
French Masonry of the time was exclusive , denying initiation to Jews , along with many other classes of people .
Barry Domvile and The Link
Retired admiral Barry Domvile , the founder of a British pro-Nazi association , The Link , coined the title `` Judmas '' for the alleged Judeo-Masonic conspiracy . Domvile claimed that the `` activities of Judmas are confined to a small section of both Jews and Masons : the large majority have no idea of the work undertaken behind the façade of Judmas . '' Domvile alleged that `` the aim of these international Jews is a World state kept in subjection by the power of money , and working for its Jewish masters '' and that `` Masonry is the executive partner for the conduct of Jewish policy . ''
Domvile said that they first started thinking about a Jewish-Masonic theory as a result of Hitler . Domvile referred both to The Protocols of the Elders of Zion , and to The Secret Powers Behind Revolution by viscount Léon de Poncins . Domvile was aware that The Protocols of the Elders of Zion had been denounced as a forgery , but regarded their authorship as `` immaterial '' .
Post-Soviet Russia
The Judeo-Masonic conspiracy theories found new currency among the various marginal political forces in post-Soviet Russia , where widespread destitution created fertile ground for conspiracy theories , combined with blood libel and Holocaust denial . These viewpoints are also voiced by several antisemitic writers , notably by Oleg Platonov , , Igor Shafarevich , and . An opinion poll conducted in Moscow circa 1990 has shown that 18 % of Moscow residents believed that there is Zionist conspiracy against Russia and further 25 % did not exclude such a possibility .
Link to the Bilderberg group
Contemporary conspiracy theorists , who hew to theories centered on the Bilderberg Group and an alleged impending New World Order , often draw upon older concepts found in the Jewish-Masonic conspiracy theory , frequently blaming the Rothschild family or `` international bankers '' . Because of the use of themes and tropes traditionally viewed as antisemitic , these contemporary conspiracy theorists tend to draw the ire of groups sensitive to antisemitic terminology , such as the Anti-Defamation League .
In mass culture
The conspiracy is mentioned in Umberto Eco 's novel The Prague Cemetery .
Gallery
See also
Andinia Plan
Anti-Masonry
Anti-Marxism
Anti-communism
Anti-semitism
Antisemitic canard
Great Seal of the United States
Jewish Bolshevism
Synarchism
References
Citations
Sources
Further reading
Admiral Sir Barry Domvile KBE , CB , CMG , From Admiral to Cabin Boy , Boswell Publishing , London , 1947 .
Peter Knight , Conspiracy Theories in American History : An Encyclopedia , ABC-CLIO , 2003 ,
Vicomte Léon de Poncins , The Secret Powers Behind Revolution , Boswell Publishing , London , 1929 .
Richard Giffiths , Patriotism Perverted , Captain Ramsay and the Far Right Club and British Anti-Semitism 1939–40 , Constable & Co. , London , 1998 , , online at Google Books
External links
`` The Judeo-Masonic Conspiracy ''
Anti-Masonry
Anti-Marxism
Antisemitic canards
Anti-communism
Alt-right
Nazi Germany
Italian Fascism
Francoist Spain
Far-right politics
Right-wing antisemitism
Conspiracy theories involving Jews
The Eurasian wigeon or European wigeon , also known as the widgeon or the wigeon ( Mareca penelope ) is one of three species of wigeon in the dabbling duck genus Mareca . It is common and widespread within its Palearctic range .
Taxonomy
The Eurasian wigeon was described by Carl Linnaeus in their landmark 1758 10th edition of Systema Naturae under the binomial name Anas penelope . Anas is the Latin word for `` duck '' , and penelope refers to a duck that was supposed to have rescued Penelope when they were thrown into the sea . Them name derives from Ancient Greek πήνη pene , `` braid '' and ὤψ ops `` appearance '' , from the ruse they used to deter suitors while their husband Ulysses was absent .
Description
This dabbling duck is long with a wingspan , and a weight of . The breeding male has grey flanks and back , with a black rear end , a dark green speculum and a brilliant white patch on upper wings , obvious in flight or at rest . It has a pink breast , white belly , and a chestnut head with a creamy crown . In non-breeding ( eclipse ) plumage , the drake looks more like the female . The female is light brown , with plumage much like a female American wigeon . It can be distinguished from most other ducks , apart from American wigeon , on shape . However , that species has a paler head and white axillaries on its underwing . The female can be a rufous morph with a redder head , and a gray morph with a more gray head .
Distribution
It breeds in the northernmost areas of Europe and the Palearctic . It is the Old World counterpart of North America 's American wigeon . It is strongly migratory and winters further south than its breeding range . It migrates to southern Asia and Africa . In Great Britain and Ireland , the Eurasian wigeon is common as a winter visitor , but scarce as a breeding bird in Scotland , the Lake District , the Pennines and occasionally further south , with only a handful of breeding pairs in Ireland . It can be found as an uncommon winter visitor in the United States on the mid-Atlantic and Pacific coasts . It is a rare visitor to the rest of the United States except for the Four Corners and the southern Appalachians .
Behaviour and habitat
The Eurasian wigeon is a bird of open wetlands , such as wet grassland or marshes with some taller vegetation , and usually feeds by dabbling for plant food or grazing , which it does very readily . It nests on the ground , near water and undercover . It is highly gregarious outside of the breeding season and will form large flocks . They will join with flocks of the American wigeon in the United States , and they also hybridize with them . This is a noisy species . The male has a clear whistle that sounds like : `` pjiew pjiew '' , whereas the female has a low growl : `` rawr '' .
The Eurasian wigeon is one of the species to which the Agreement on the Conservation of African-Eurasian Migratory Waterbirds ( AEWA ) applies . Its conservation status is the least concern .
Footnotes
References
Identification
Gallery
External links
Wigeon at RSPB 's Birds by Name
Feathers of Eurasian wigeon ( Anas penelope )
Eurasian wigeon
Birds of Eurasia
Eurasian wigeon
Eurasian wigeon
Wigeons
8kids is a German post-hardcore band based in Darmstadt , Hesse , formed in 2013 .
History
8kids was formed in 2013 by Hans Koch and Jonas Jakob , both being Vocalists and guitarists in the band , who previously played in local underground bands in Darmstadt . A short time later Emma McLellan became the band 's drummer .
On 26 March 2016 the band signed a contract with music distributor Melodie der Welt and concert agency Ever Ever Management . The band signed a label contract with Austrian metal label Napalm Records a month before signing to Melodie der Welt . In April the band released their first music video for the song Alles löst sich auf ( engl . Everything Dissolves ) which premiered at the homepage of German music magazine Visions . 8kids released their debut EP Dämonen ( Demons ) at the end of the same month . In August 2016 the band performed at Olgas-Rock in Oberhausen , Northrhine-Westfalia .
The band toured alongside To the Rats and Wolves in Germany , Austria , Switzerland and the Czech Republic . Shortly after the release of the debut album Denen die wir waren ( Those Who We Were ) the band toured Germany again as headliner with support of German metal band Anorak . In September and October of the same year another tour throughout Germany , Austria and Switzerland followed , this time supporting German rock act Van Holzen .
In January and February 2018 the band toured Germany again . 8kids spend the summer performing at several music festivals including With Full Force , Mini-Rock , EselRock and Hurricane Festival .
Musical style
At the beginning of their career the band 's lyrics were written in English . When McLellan joined the duo to become the band 's drummer , they switched from English lyrics to German . The band 's music on the debut EP Dämonen was described as dynamic , containing emotional components and influences from pop music mixed with a blend of screamo . The music was compared to German metalcore act Caliban and some emo bands .
The lyrics were described as profound . The song Zeit ( engl . Time ) deals with the theme of sorrow . The song is based on a past relationship of band member Hans Koch , with which they struggled with for a long period of time . The band worked on the song for almost two years .
Discography
Members
Current band members
Hans Koch – vocals , guitar ( since 2013 )
Jonas Jakob – vocals , guitar ( since 2013 )
Leif - drums ( since 2022 )
Past band members
Emma McLellan – drums ( 2013—2022 )
External links
References
German alternative rock groups
Musical groups established in 2013
Post-hardcore groups
2013 establishments in Germany
James Low ( 4 April 1791 – 1852 ) was a Scottish military officer with the East India Company who was known for their writings on the Thai language and the art and culture of the Malay Peninsula .
Life and career
Low was born on 4 April 1791 at Kingskettle in Fife , Scotland to Alexander Low and their wife Ann Thompson . They graduated from Edinburgh College and was then nominated for a cadetship in the East India Company 's Madras Army in 1812 . They were accepted and embarked from Portsmouth on the East Indiaman Astell , which reached Madras in July 1812 . During the first five years , Low acquired military competencies and language skills . The company 's policy was that their officers had to be capable of basic communication with the Indian soldiers under their command . In May 1817 Low was appointed adjudant , and then promoted to the rank of lieutenant in August of the same year . In January 1819 Low moved to the East India Company 's settlement in Penang and spent the rest of their career in and around the Straits of Malacca . In 1820 they were given command of the Penang Local Corps until the corps was disbanded in 1827 .
Since Low had received a mathematical and philosophical education at Edinburgh College , they nurtured an interest in the study of languages . The posting to Penang offered the opportunity to acquire language skills in both Malay and Thai . The knowledge of Thai was particularly important in the light of events on the Malay Peninsula , to which the Burmese had sent their last military expedition against Siam , directed at its west coast territories . Subsequently , the British at Penang found themselves in the middle of a conflict between the Siamese Governor , known as the Raja of Ligor ( Nakhon Si Thammarat ) , and the Sultan of Kedah , who had fled to Penang instead of providing the support which had been requested from them by the Raja of Ligor .
Low 's was the second mission to Siam , following John Crawfurd 's first mission that was mainly concerned with resolving the legal status of Penang . The second mission of 1824 under Low 's command was prompted by the British declaration of war on Burma . Its aim was to enlist the support of the Raja of Ligor , who was in command of most of the Siamese territories on the west coast of the peninsula including Kedah , for the planned British move up the Irrawaddy River . Low described the events of the mission in a report on their Public Mission to Their Highness the Rajah of Ligor , and in more detail in their Journal of a Public Mission to the Rajah of Ligor . Low also produced a map of Siam , Cambodia and Laos . After their mission to Ligor , they were posted to Tenasserim where they produced more maps and landscape drawings . In 1826 , Low was promoted to captain and was sent on other missions to the Malay state of Perak . Shortly after , they were appointed Superintendent of Lands in Province Wellesley in Penang , a post they held until 1840 when they were made Assistant Resident of Singapore . They finally retired in 1845 but returned to Edinburgh only in 1850 , where they died two years later .
Scholarship
Although Low 's main responsibility as an officer of the East India Company was to settle disputes with local chiefs in the interests of the British—a task they did not always succeed in fulfilling—he was also a pioneer in the study of Thai language , literature and art by Westerners . The lack of textbooks inspired them to produce A Grammar of the Thai or Siamese Language ( 1828 ) , and they published a collection of works On the Government , the Literature , and the Mythology of the Siamese ( 1831–36 ) as well as articles on Thai Buddhist art , Buddhist law , local histories and ethnic minorities of the Malay Peninsula . They also studied inscriptions and translated parts of Thai Buddhist scriptures , and the Malay historical text from Kedah , Merong Mahawangsa . Low 's ability to observe and then describe in detail a variety of aspects of Thai art and culture helped to make their mission journal an interesting source for the study of everyday life and cultural practices in 19th-century Siam .
Low had a strong interest in Thai art , and amassed a large collection of fine paintings and drawings from southern Thailand . Part of their collection of Thai drawings and paintings was acquired by the British Museum in 1866 and is now held in the British Library . Another part is held in the Royal Asiatic Society in London . Although not much research has been done on Low 's art collection , it is a popular source of inspiration for Thai designers .
References
Further reading
1791 births
1852 deaths
British East India Company Army officers
Scottish military personnel
Thai studies scholars
Joseph Alan Ormrod ( born 22 December 1942 ) is a former English first-class cricketer who played for Worcestershire and Lancashire .
A right-handed opening batsman , Ormrod was a key member in Worcestershire 's back to back Championship winning sides of 1964 and 1965 . They passed 1,000 runs in a season on 12 occasions with the best of 1,535 runs in 1978 . They toured Pakistan with MCC Under-25 in 1966-67 .
Ormrod scored a total of 21,753 runs for Worcestershire and is their only batsman to have scored a century in both innings of a match against Somerset , which they did in 1980 . They finished their career with a brief stint at Lancashire .
Ormrod 's early cricketing exploits were in Scotland as a reliable and stylish opening batsman for the Kirkcaldy High School 1st XI ( average 35.1 in the 1959 season ) .
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
English cricketers
Lancashire cricketers
Worcestershire cricketers
International Cavaliers cricketers
People from Ramsbottom
Marylebone Cricket Club Under-25s cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club President 's XI cricketers
An election to Longford County Council took place on 5 June 2009 as part of that year 's Irish local elections . 21 councillors were elected from four electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office .
Results by party
Results by Electoral Area
Ballymahon
Drumlish
Granard
Longford
External links
Official website
2009 Irish local elections
2009
John Halahan was a long serving Irish Anglican priest : most notably Dean of Ross from 1905 to 1919 .
Halahan was born in Dublin and educated at Trinity College , Dublin They were ordained deacon in 1846 and priest in 1847 . They spent their whole career at Berehaven .
References
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Deans of Ross , Ireland
Christian clergy from Dublin ( city )
19th-century Irish Anglican priests
20th-century Irish Anglican priests
Węgliska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Odo de Pins ( 1212 – 24 March 1296 ) , also known as Eudes de Pin or Odon de Pins , was the twenty-third Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller , serving from 1294 until their death in 1296 , succeeding Jean de Villiers . They moved the headquarters of the Order to Limasso in modern-day Cyprus . Upon their death , they were succeeded by Guillaume de Villaret .
Biography
Odo de Pins was appointed Draper of the Order of Saint John of Jerusalem on 7 October 1273 . On 28 December 1287 , they were appointed Marshal of the Order . They were elected to the magistracy of Grand Master between the end of 1293 and before 30 September 1294 , when they presided over their first General Chapter as Grand Master in Limassol .
As early as 1295 , de Pins faced an internal crisis in the Order which was led by Boniface de Calamandrana , Grand Commander of Overseas and Guillaume de Villaret , then Prior of Saint-Gilles . These dignitaries addressed Pope Boniface VIII on 12 August 1295 in order to obtain a reform of the governance of the Order . They wanted the creation of a permanent council composed of seven `` definitors '' ( one representative of each language - not yet officially created and numbering six , not seven - and the Grand Master ) who were to assist the Grand Master , control their actions and share with them the main decisions . The pope did not follow up on their proposal , but on 12 August 1295 they sent de Pins a letter of warning which committed the Grand Master to change `` his previous errors and to defend the interests of the Order from now on . ''
It is unknown what the pope and the dignitaries of the Order reproached de Pins for , their piety , one of their characteristics which made them neglect the affairs of the Order , or their authoritarianism which upset the habits , this remains a question in the absence of documents . As de Pins did not take into account Boniface 's admonitions , the latter summoned them to appear before the pontifical court . They were about to set out , but they died on 17 March 1296 in Limassol . They were succeeded as Grand Master by Guillaume de Villaret .
See also
Cartulaire général de l'Ordre des Hospitaliers
List of Knights Hospitaller sites
Langue ( Knights Hospitaller )
Flags of the Knights Hospitaller
References
Bibliography
External links
Eudes des Pins . French Wikipedia .
Liste des grands maîtres de l'ordre de Saint-Jean de Jérusalem . French Wikipedia .
Eugène Harot , Essai d'armorial des Grands-Maîtres de l'Ordre de Saint Jean de Jérusalem .
Seals of the Grand Masters . Museum of the Order of St John .
Charles Moeller , Hospitallers of St. John of Jerusalem . Catholic Encyclopedia ( 1910 ) . 7 . New York : Robert Appleton Company .
Knights of the Order of the Hospital of St John of Jerusalem , Encyclopædia Britannica . 24 . ( 11th ed. ) . Cambridge University Press . pp . 12–19 .
1296 deaths
Knights Hospitaller
Grand Masters of the Knights Hospitaller
13th-century French people
1212 births
Oudeschip is a small village in Het Hogeland municipality in the Dutch province of Groningen . It had a population of around 125 in January 2017 .
Oudeschip is the most northern town of the mainland of the Netherlands .
History
It was part of Uithuizermeeden municipality before 1979 , when it became part of Hefshuizen .
Gallery
References
External links
Het Hogeland
Populated places in Groningen ( province )
Dionísio Mendes de Sousa ( born 9 October 1940 ) is a Portuguese politician , writer , educator , and former president of the Legislative Assembly of the Azores .
Biography
Sousa was born in Vila de São Sebastião , Angra do Heroísmo , on the Azorean island of Terceira . Following their primary education , Mendes studied at the Episcopal Seminary in Angra do Heroísmo from October 1952 to June 1964 . In their course work they obtained high marks—around 16 out of a scale of 20—in more than half of their disciplines .
Academic career
Between 1965 and 1968 they were conscripted into mandatory military service and stationed at various military installations , including the main army barracks in Lisbon . During their military service they frequented classes at the Faculty of Letters at the University of Lisbon , obtaining a licentiate diploma in philosophy . By the 1969-70 term , they were teaching history at the secondary school Liceu Padre António Vieira and Portuguese at the Externato Séneca in Lisbon . In 1971 they took courses in pedagogical sciences at the University of Lisbon . Between 1971 and 1974 they participated in night classes as working student at the Instituto Superior de Economia ( ISEF ) while working as the personnel services director at Transul – Empresa de Transportes in the southern Tagus estuary .
During the 1976-1977 school year they taught psychology and philosophy at the Liceu de Almada secondary school , while during the 1977-1978 school term they were teaching intern at the Liceu Antero de Quental in Ponta Delgada . For the 1978-1979 school year they returned to Terceira , working at the Liceu de Angra do Heroísmo , becoming the president of the executive council there in the 1979-1980 school year .
Politician
During the regional elections of 5 October 1980 Sousa was elected to the regional Legislative Assembly of the Azores as an independent . In 1982 they became a member of the PS Azores .
Between 1980 and 2004 , they served as a regional deputy during six legislatures . They were president of the PS parliamentary group between 1981 and 1992 . In various legislatures they were the president of the Permanent Commission of the Regional Assembly on Social and Economic Affairs . Between 1982 and 2004 , they exercised various party positions within the PS at the local , regional , and national levels , including regional secretariat of the PS , member of the Regional and National Commissions of the PS , member of the municipal assembly of Angra do Heroísmo , president ( for eight years ) of the PS parliamentary group , candidate for the municipal council of Angra ( 1989 ) , and President of the PS Azores .
From 1996 to 1998 they were elected President of the Regional Legislative Assembly of the Azores . On 3 September 2001 , they were awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Prince Henry by former President of the Republic Jorge Sampaio .
From 2002 to 2004 they were president of the Rádio Clube de Angra ( Radio Club of Angra ) and , in 2004 , obtained their pension for their work as secondary school professor . On 11 May 2006 during a meeting of the regional assembly , the assembly unanimously voted to award Dionísio Mendes with the Autonomic Insignia of Valor for their contributions to the Azores .
Writer
Since 1980 Mendes has been involved in Azorean newspapers and other media , including A União , Diário Insular , Açores Expresso , Correio dos Açores , and the Projecto Autonómico de Aristides da Mota ( 31 March 1892 ) In 2013 , they provided the preface and edited the work Testamento Poético ( `` Poetic Testament '' ) of Coelho de Sousa .
On their own , Dionísio Mendes was responsible for Achegas sobre a Autonomia and Livro de Bagatelas , which were followed on 14 January 2014 by the trimestral publication Boa Nova , the first journal edited in Vila de São Sebastião .
Personal life
Dionísio married Maria Doralice Barcelos Falcão Sousa in 1974 . The couple has two children : Ana Rita Falcão de Sousa , and José Duarte Falcão de Sousa .
Dioníso is the author of various blogs , including O Ventilhador and Álamo Esguio .
References
Notes
Presidents of the Legislative Assembly of the Azores
People from Angra do Heroísmo
Socialist Party ( Portugal ) politicians
1940 births
Living people
Kenmore House may refer to :
Australia
Kenmore House , Rockhampton , a heritage-listed house in Queensland
United States
Kenmore ( Fredericksburg , Virginia ) , a heritage-listed plantation house
Kenmore ( Spotsylvania County , Virginia ) , a heritage-listed house
The GM Alpha platform currently underpins General Motors ' compact to mid-size , front-engine , rear-wheel and four-wheel drive vehicles . Platform basics include MacPherson struts on the front , 5 link independent rear , use of high strength steel and aluminum , and an overall focus on reducing weight . The GM Alpha platform made its debut in the 2013 Cadillac ATS , which entered production in July 2012 .
History
Prior to the August 2012 debut of the compact Cadillac ATS , the first vehicle produced on the GM Alpha platform , Cadillac 's smallest vehicle was the mid-size CTS . The CTS were priced the same as compact competitors like the Audi A4 , the BMW 3 Series and the Mercedes-Benz C-Class but was noticeably larger and heavier , comparable in size and weight to the mid-size BMW 5 Series . Although Cadillac believed that customers would favor a 5 Series-sized car at a 3 Series price , that assumption proved to be incorrect . Cadillac 's research found that target customers who already owned vehicles like the 3 Series or A4 did n't want a larger vehicle . General Motors chose to use an updated and lightened version of the GM Zeta platform developed in 2004 by Holden Motors in Australia . ; that car would eventually become the ATS .
Development rationale
During the early development of the Cadillac ATS , General Motors engineers determined that downsizing the GM Sigma II platform that underpinned the second-generation CTS would result in a vehicle that was too heavy and that using an economical , front-wheel drive platform would sacrifice performance . Under the leadership of Dave Leone , General Motors engineers created a brand-new platform which was designed to be light and compact , capable of handling both rear- and all-wheel drive configurations and having a near 50/50 weight distribution . The new platform developed by the General Motors engineers for the ATS is now called the GM Alpha platform .
Production start
General Motors began assembling Cadillac ATS sedans intended for sale to customers on 26 July 2012 .
General Motors began assembling third generation Cadillac CTS sedans intended for sale to customers on 16 September 2013 .
Vehicles on sale
2013-2019 Cadillac ATS
2014-2019 Cadillac CTS
2016-present Chevrolet Camaro
2020-present Cadillac CT4
2020-present Cadillac CT5
References
Alpha
The 2022 San Francisco Board of Education recall elections ( also called the San Francisco school board recall elections ) were held on February 15 , 2022 . Voters had the option to remove each of three San Francisco Boards of Education ( School Board ) Commissioners—Alison Collins , Gabriela Lopez , and Faauuga Moliga—from office . Lopez was president of the board at the time , while Collins and Moliga had served as vice president previously . All three commissioners were removed with landslide results , and were replaced by appointees chosen by mayor London Breed . The other members of the school board were not eligible for recall at this time .
The recall election was the first in San Francisco since the failed recall election of then-Mayor Dianne Feinstein in 1983 , the first successful recall since the ouster of State Senator Edwin Grant in 1914 , and the first ever attempt to remove members of the School Board . Supporters of the recall accused the commissioners of incompetence , mismanagement of the school district , and misplaced priorities . Opponents contended that recalls were anti-democratic efforts backed by Republicans , billionaires , and charter school supporters .
The election was part of a `` recall fever '' during the COVID-19 pandemic in California , which saw many recall petitions leading to elections that targeted elected officials throughout California , such as the successful recall of S.F . District Attorney Chesa Boudin and the failed recall of Governor Gavin Newsom . The recall election was held as part of the February 2022 San Francisco special election , concurrent with a special election to replace Assemblymember David Chiu , who was appointed to City Attorney of San Francisco .
Background
Since 2019 the board came under national attention and criticism for a string of controversies , which generated various lawsuits , including one by the city itself . The first major controversy arose when the board voted to destroy the Life of Washington murals , and after a public outcry decided to cover the murals instead , which was blocked in court due to California Environmental Quality Act . During the COVID-19 pandemic school district kept schools closed , and was slower to open than other major districts , even as case counts were lower , prompting the city to sue the school district . During this period the board focused on renaming schools and ending merit-based admissions at Lowell High School . Alumnus groups successfully challenged these decisions in court , citing violations of the Brown Act .
In March 2021 , tweets from Commissioner Alison Collins came to light that offended the Asian American community , prompting condemnation and calls for Collins to resign from many in the political community , including Mayor London Breed . The Board of Education approved a motion of no confidence on Collins 5–2 , with Commissioners Collins and Gabriela Lopez in dissent , which removed Collins from their vice president title and their committee positions . On March 31 , 2021 , Alison Collins filed a lawsuit against the school district and their fellow commissioners who had voted for the motion of no confidence . On August 16 , 2021 , a federal judge dismissed the lawsuit for having no merit . The lawsuit cost the school district over $ 110,000 .
Path to the ballot
On February 21 , 2021 , a campaign committee was formed to recall Commissioners Alison Collins , Gabriela Lopez , and Faauuga Moliga from the Board of Education . ( The remaining four commissioners were not eligible because they had not been in office for at least 6 months , or had been recently reelected . ) By the petition submission deadline of September 7 , 2021 , recall campaign supporters submitted over 77,000 voter signatures to recall each of the three commissioners . On October 18 , 2021 , city officials announced that each of the three recall petitions met the minimum qualifications of 51,325 valid voter signatures . City officials set the election date to be February 15 , 2022 . It was the first recall election of a San Francisco elected official since the failed 1983 recall election of then-Mayor Dianne Feinstein , and the first ever attempt to remove members of the School Board .
Polling and arguments
A February 2021 poll found that 60 % of registered voters supported the recall . In particular , 69 % of voters who were public school parents supported it . A May 2021 poll found that 71 % of voters gave the school board a negative rating , and 10 % of voters a positive rating .
Arguments in support of the recall
Supporters of the recall accuse commissioners of negligence , expressing anger that public school remained closed in 2020–2021 while other districts and private schools opened in the Bay Area . Commissioners are accused of misplaced priorities focusing on school renaming and Lowell admissions as students were struggling with distance learning . Recall supporters allege that the commissioners mishandled the budget and declining enrollment , delaying on budget cuts until one day before the state deadline , and risking a state takeover of the school district . They say it is urgent to recall the three Commissioners from office in order to make important decisions around the district 's budget deficit and the selection of a new superintendent . Collins 's tweets about Asian Americans , and the subsequent lawsuit against the school district and their fellow commissioners , are cited as additional reasons to remove them from office .
California State Senator Scott Wiener stated that `` Not only did these commissioners fail to do their jobs adequately , they engaged in abusive and disruptive behavior , interfered with the Superintendent 's ability to do their job , and caused the school district to deteriorate during the pandemic . '' Wiener singled out Collins for their tweets against Asian Americans . Mayor London Breed stated that `` Sadly , our school board 's priorities have often been severely misplaced '' . The San Francisco Chronicle Editorial Board cited incompetence of the board members as the primary reason for its endorsement . The San Francisco Examiner Editorial Board stated that the board had become a `` national laughingstock '' and that `` Ignoring the basics of the job , they put political grandstanding ahead of progress for children . '' Former supervisor and public defender Matt Gonzalez supported the recall due to the commissioners lack of competence , and various decisions starting with the vote to destroy the Life of Washington mural .
Arguments against the recall
Critics of the recall called the recall a transfer of power from voters to the Mayor because the Mayor would appoint a replacement for each commissioner who was successfully removed from office . Critics call the recall election a distraction , and a waste of money and time when the regularly scheduled election will come nine months later in November 2022 . Recall opponents connect the recall to Republicans and efforts to create more charter schools , citing large donations from individuals who have supported such causes . Supervisor Shamann Walton stated that the recall was driven by `` closet Republicans '' . The teachers union , United Educators of San Francisco , also opposed the recall .
Collins called the recall campaign `` a move toward mayoral control and less local control… for parents who are immigrants who can vote '' . They called the recall campaign `` politically motivated '' and stated that `` When I see certain people getting upset , I know I 'm doing the right thing '' . The recall is `` clearly an attack on democracies '' , and `` I 'm actually really proud of my work on the board , '' they stated . Collins has alleged in multiple interviews that the recall is a conspiracy pushed by `` billionaires '' and conservative think tanks . Venture capitalist Arthur Rock donated $ 400,000 to this recall election , as they had with local elections across the United States .
Lopez has stated that opposition to boards actions were due to racism , `` to bring down someone who is me '' ( a young Latina woman ) , and `` people want us to say we regret doing what we did ... that will never be something I will do . ''
Finances
The recall campaign raised more than $ 1.9 million , including $ 400,000 from venture capitalist Arthur Rock . The anti-recall campaign raised about $ 39,000 . A separate effort to fight Faauuga Moliga 's recall raised about $ 45,000 .
Endorsements
Results
The election was held on February 15 , 2022 .
Results as of February 23 , 2022 16:00 PST :
See also
2021 California gubernatorial recall election
2022 San Francisco District Attorney recall election
References
External links
Timeline of key controversies which led to recall - San Francisco Chronicle
Why I support the San Francisco School board recall ? - Matt Gonzalez
What Pundits Do n't Understand About the San Francisco Recall - Mother Jones
San Francisco Board of Education recall
San Francisco Board of Education recall
Board of Education 2022 recall
San Francisco Board of Education
February 2022 events in the United States
Tillicum Beach is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within Camrose County . It is west Highway 56 , approximately southeast of Camrose . It is located along Dried Meat Lake .
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Tillicum Beach had a population of 130 living in 58 of its 70 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of 193 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Tillicum Beach had a population of 179 living in 69 of its 85 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2011 population of 105 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016 .
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Camrose County
Designated places in Alberta
Hamlets in Alberta
China Consumers Association ( Chinese : 中国消费者协会 | abbr . CCA ) is a Chinese consumer association , founded in December 1984 . The association consists of 3,279 of the local and grassroots level consumer organizations in China . It promotes a healthy environment for a communist market economy by safeguarding consumer rights and interests , monitoring the goods and services , and providing counselling on the consumer activities . CCA maintains cooperation with consumer organizations from its member countries across the world . The association has participated in over 60 international and regional seminars and has hosted the large-scale international conferences on themes such as Sustainable Consumption and Global Food Safety .
CCA maintains an updated website with consumer advice and information and publishes the China Consumers Magazine . China Consumers Monthly began in 1994 which includes the original research , comparative product testing , consumer warnings , and answers to the frequently asked questions . The magazine has an account on WeChat , opened in 2015 .
Initiatives
The China Consumers Association requested on 1 March that movie theatres should avoid holiday price rising and level film ticket pricing , following consumer complaints during the Lunar New Year holiday . The group received almost 100,000 unfavourable remarks about movie ticket prices during the seven-day holiday beginning on 11 February . According to the group , complaints about excessive ticket prices peaked the fifth day of the holiday on 15 February . The association stated in a response that we advise responsible parties for film tickets to stabilize prices and adhere to market regulations while caring more about user experiences .
China Consumers Association developed a complaint-handling mechanism in collaboration with 17 of the leading e-commerce platforms like Taobao.com , JD.com , and Vip.com . The mechanism was initiated for the internet shoppers who find it easier to resolve their complaints which are directly handled by the platform 's after-sales system connected to the e-commerce platforms and gets prioritized for the resolution , thus avoiding any conflicts for online buyers in the future .
References
External links
CCA - Official Website
Consumer organizations
The 1973-74 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Béziers beating Narbonne in the final .
Formula
The 64 clubs are divided in two groups .
Group A with the 32 better of the previous season , divided in 4 pools of 8 . The best 6 of all pools were qualified to knockout stages .
Group B , with the other 32 teams , divided in 4 pools of 8 . The first two of all pools were qualified to knock-on stage .
Qualification round
Group A
The clubs classified in the six first places of each pool ( 24 clubs on 32 ) were qualified for the knockout stages .
The team are here listed in ranking order , in bold , the team qualified .
Group B
The clubs classified in the two first places of each pool ( 8 clubs on 32 ) were qualified for the knockout stages .
The teams qualified are here listed :
Knockout stages
( Single match stage )
`` Last 32 ''
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
`` Last 16 ''
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
Narbonnw started very well , with two tries , a drop by Henri Cabrol , but Walter Spanghero and their fellow lost the title in the last seconds .
Béziers won the 3rd of six titles of a collection in the 1970s . Narbonne had to wait until 1979 to win their second `` Bouclier de Brennus '' ,
To remark that this was the final playerd in the new Parc des Princes .
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1974 lnr.fr
1974
France 1974
Championship
Baystone was a racing horse and the winner of the 1958 Melbourne Cup with jockeys Mel Schumacher , J. Thompson , and F. Treen and trainers Jack Green , F. Dalton and O.N . Marshall . Their winning time was 3:21:25 and their odds were ten to one . They finished the race one and a half lengths in front of the next racer , Monte Carlo . Baystone was the first horse in Cup history winning with the number 7 saddlecloth . The 1958 Melbourne Cup was the first one with automatic barrier stalls .
Baystone was favored 10/1 partly due to the victory they claimed the Saturday before the race at the Hotham Handicap .
References
Melbourne Cup winners
Australian racehorses
Racehorses bred in Australia
Racehorses trained in Australia
1952 racehorse births
Doris Mary Gertrude Fisher , Baroness Fisher of Rednal , JP ( 13 September 191918 December 2005 ) , née Satchwell , was a British politician .
Early life and career
Born in Birmingham , they were the daughter of Frederick James Satchwell . They were educated at Tinker 's Farm Girls ' School , Fircroft College and Bournville Day Continuation College .
They joined the Labour Party in 1945 and was nominated director of their local Co-operative board in 1951 . A year later , Fisher was elected a member of the Birmingham City Council , in which they sat until 1974 . Subsequently , they served as a member of the Warrington and Runcorn Development Corporation until 1989 . Fisher was National President of the Co-operative Party Guild in 1961 and was appointed a Justice of the Peace .
Parliamentary career
They contested Birmingham Ladywood in 1969 at a by-election in which Wallace Lawler of the Liberals gained the seat from Labour . In the following general election , Fisher defeated them when they were returned as the constituency MP , representing the seat until the February 1974 general election when their seat was altered in boundary changes . After their departure from the House of Commons , they were created a life peer as Baroness Fisher of Rednal , of Rednal , in the City of Birmingham on 2 July 1974 .
In the House of Lords , Fisher became Crown Representative of the General Medical Council in September 1974 and later chaired the Esperanto Group . They were nominated an Assistant Whip for Environment in 1983 , an office they held until the following year . Fisher entered the European Parliament in 1975 , sitting in Strasbourg until 1979 . They were vice-president of the Institute of Trading Standards Administration ( today the Trading Standards Institute ) .
In December 1991 , at the age of 72 , Lady Fisher slept rough in a nest of cardboard boxes at Birmingham 's St Philip 's Cathedral to draw attention to the plight of the city 's homeless .
Personal life
They married Joseph Fisher , a sheet-metal-worker at the Longbridge plant , in 1939 and had two daughters . Them husband died in 1978 and they survived them until 2005 , when they died aged 86 .
References
External links
1919 births
2005 deaths
Alumni of Fircroft College
Councillors in Birmingham , West Midlands
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
Labour Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Fisher of Rednal
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
20th-century women MEPs for England
MEPs for the United Kingdom 1973–1979
Labour Party ( UK ) MEPs
20th-century British women politicians
Women councillors in England
Co-operative Women 's Guild
Matthew Marvin may refer to :
Matthew Marvin , Sr. ( 1600–1678 ) , founding settler of Norwalk , Connecticut and deputy of the General Court of the Colony of Connecticut
Matthew Marvin , Jr. ( 1626–1712 ) , founding settler of Norwalk , Connecticut and deputy of the Connecticut General Assembly
Matthew Marvin ( Connecticut politician ) , member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1796 to 1799
Charles Preston Cruthers ( September 8 , 1890 – December 27 , 1976 ) was a second baseman in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Philadelphia Athletics . Listed at , 152 lb , Cruthers batted and threw right-handed . They were born in Marshallton , Delaware .
Cruthers played briefly for the Athletics in part of two seasons . They were a member of two American League champion teams , including the 1913 World Champion , though they did not play in the Series . As a backup for regular Eddie Collins , they posted a .222 batting average in seven games ( 6-for-27 ) , including one double and one triple while scoring a run .
In six Minor league seasons ( 1913–1918 ) , Cruthers was a .268 hitter with six home runs in 648 games . They also managed the Kenosha Comets of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League during the season .
Cruthers is part of the AAGPBL permanent display at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum at Cooperstown , New York , opened in , which is dedicated to the entire league rather than any individual figure .
Cruthers was a longtime resident of Kenosha , Wisconsin , where they died at the age of 86 .
Sources
Major League Baseball second basemen
Philadelphia Athletics players
Raleigh Capitals players
Reading Pretzels players
Memphis Chickasaws players
All-American Girls Professional Baseball League managers
Baseball players from Delaware
Sportspeople from Kenosha , Wisconsin
1890 births
1976 deaths
Sportspeople from the Chicago metropolitan area
Baseball players from Wisconsin
Burials in Wisconsin
Emmanuelle Parrenin is a French folk singer , harpist and hurdy-gurdy player who was first active in the late 1960s and 1970s as part of `` le mouvement folk '' .
Early life and education
Parrenin was born into a family steeped in classical music : their mother played the harp and their father the violin , and studied ballet as child . They attended a Catholic boarding school but was expelled . They expanded their musical horizons during their teenage years , and was influenced by meeting Eric Clapton and The Yardbirds , during a visit to England while a teenager .
At age 19 , they met the hurdy-gurdy player Christian Leroy Gour'han , , and Alan Stivell at Le Bourbon folk club .
The instrument itself made a deep impression on them and made them determined to learn how to perform with it.She and others travelled to remote regions of France and other Francophone countries including Canada to record folksongs . The recordings were donated to the Musée de l'Homme and the Musée National des Arts et Traditions Populaires .
Career
In 1974 Parrenin released an album with Phil Fromont called `` La Maurmariée '' , developing a `` reputation for stark and intelligent interpretations of traditional music . ''
By the mid-1970s Parrenin had gained a reputation with traditional and folk music.With Fromont and Claude Lefebvre , Parrenin released a second , more progressive , album `` Chateau Dans Les Nuages '' in 1976 , with included `` Eastern elements and general strangeness '' .
Them only solo album , `` Maison Rose '' was released in 1977 . The title refers to the house they grew up in , and the musical influences they imbibed there . The album took `` the revived instruments of le mouvement folk out into new territory '' . Apart from Plume Blanche , Plume Noire by Jean-Claude Vannier , they wrote all the works and developed the album with engineer Bruno Menny . The album was re-released in 2001 and developed an international cult following .
After the album 's release , Parrenin moved away from folk music . They later explained `` It was a time when , firstly , it [ folk music ] was becoming very fashionable and there was n't the same spirit as there had been at the beginning . There was a lot of what we call in France 'un esprit de chapelle ' ; it was very purist and I do n't think I 'm like that . I liked it when it felt alive , and when that went I was bored . '' They began writing music for contemporary dance , including for Carolyn Carlson , and returned to dancing . They also taught themselves to play the harp .
By 1981 they had formed a group that included Didier Malherbe of prog rockers Gong . They were a support act for The Clash at Le Zénith arena in Paris in 1981 and did not appreciate the violence of the punk audience .
In 1993 , a fire damaged their hearing , and they were no longer able to perform . Told that they had lost their hearing permanently , they moved to the Alps , and as self-therapy they began playing and singing again . As their hearing improved they used the techniques they had learned with others including with people with autism and psychiatric disorders .
In March 2011 Parrenin released a new album , `` Maison Cube '' . in collaboration with singer/songwriter Flóp and Jaumet . The title refers to the cube-shaped house where it was recorded .
In 2019 and 2020 they collaborated with Detlef Weinreich , ( who works as the producer Tolouse Low Trax ) to produce the album Jours de Grève ( Strike Days ) inspired by recent French general strikes .
References
External links
Emmanuelle Parrenin Last.fm entry
Emmanuelle Parrenin on their new label website
1949 births
Living people
French women singers
French folk singers
French harpists
Hurdy-gurdy players
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Adolphus Ofodile ( born December 15 , 1979 ) is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as a forward .
Career
After beginning their career with Udoji United , Ofodile first came to Europe with the Belgian club Eendracht Aalst . After spending two years on loan with German amateur club SC Kapellen-Erft , they signed for 1 . FC Magdeburg of the Regionalliga Nordost in 1999 . Magdeburg finished 10th in Ofodile 's first season with the club , which , due to a restructuring of the Regionalliga , meant relegation to the fourth tier NOFV-Oberliga Süd . Magdeburg had a hugely successful 2000–01 at this level - with a frontline including Ofodile , Josef Ivanovic , David Mydlo and Vlado Papic , they won the title , and promotion , scoring 120 goals , and had a memorable cup run , beating 1 . FC Köln , Bayern Munich ( who would go on to be European champions ) and Karlsruher SC before losing in the quarter-finals to eventual winners FC Schalke 04 .
Ofodile left Magdeburg in the summer of 2001 , moving to England to sign for First Division side Walsall . After a disappointing year , in which they only made one league appearance , as a late substitute for Darren Byfield in a 2–2 draw with Crystal Palace , and one in the Football League Cup , they returned to Germany to sign for FC St. Pauli of the 2 . Bundesliga .
Ofodile scored twice on their debut for St. Pauli , after coming on for Tobias Kurbjuweit in a 7–1 over Eintracht Braunschweig , but only made ten further appearances , all in the first half of the season , without getting on the scoresheet , and left the club in July 2003 . They spent two years with Hallescher FC and one with Grün-Weiß Piesteritz before returning to Nigeria .
In 2012 , they returned to Germany for a brief spell with SC Herford of the seventh tier Landesliga Westfalen .
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Nigerian footballers
S.C. Eendracht Aalst players
1 . FC Magdeburg players
Walsall F.C . players
FC St. Pauli players
Hallescher FC players
The Warriors Gate ( , also released as Enter the Warriors Gate ) is a 2016 Chinese-French action-adventure-fantasy film directed by Matthias Hoene and written by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen . It was released in China on November 18 , 2016 , in 2D , 3D and China Film Giant Screen 3D , and on video on demand in the United States on May 5 .
Plot
Jack Bronson ( Uriah Shelton ) is a teenager who spends their free time playing warrior video games and working at a Chinese curios and antiques shop . Their mother is trying to sell the house they live in before it goes into foreclosure . When Jack goes to a biking park , Travis ( Dakota Daulby ) , a neighborhood bully and their friends chase after them and they hide inside their bosses shop and helps out .
A family heirloom , The Warriors Gate , from Mr Cheng 's cousin in Beijing arrives at the shop and they give it to Jack as a gift .
Jack goes to sleep with the thing in their room and wakes up with a sword at their neck . A warrior , Zhao ( Mark Chao ) tells them that the ‘ Black Knight ' has to look after the most precious thing in the kingdom ; the Princess . Jack gets to know Princess Su Lin ( Ni Ni ) and they stay with them overnight .
The next morning , barbarians from the game realm come to kill the Princess but they fight them off , destroying the house in the process . The barbarians take the Princess back into the other realm through the Warriors Gate but when Jack goes in after her , they arrive somewhere else . The Warrior who sent the Princess to stay with Jack is there and there is an army of barbarians trying to kill them . The Wizard ( Francis Ng ) stops time and the army is frozen .
The Wizard tells Jack that Zhao was one of seven children raised from birth to protect the Emperor and that the only person who could defeat them was Arun the Cruel ( Dave Bautista ) , King of the barbarians . Arun poisoned the warriors and killed the Emperor and the only people left alive were Su Lin and Zhao . The wizard searched through their seeing stone to find the greatest Warrior to protect the Princess and found The Black Knight ; Jack 's in game avatar ; a ferocious and clever Warrior .
Jack and Zhao find out that Arun will marry the Princess , become Emperor and then have their killed ; so their mission is to save them
While on their way through the `` Unknown Kingdom '' Jack tries to get Zhao to dance and have fun . In the forest , Jack and Zhao encounter the mountain spirit who is cooking a pot of potatoes and blocking the duo 's way . Zhao asks the witch to move but they refuse and they start fighting . Zhao falls off the cliff and the witch are trying to get them to fall off before Jack throws a burnt log at her , killing them afterwards . Zhao then says that Jack may not be worthless at all . At night Zhao starts to teach Jack how to fight . They get to a lake and Zhao says the trek around it will take days because they can not swim . Jack agrees to teach them if Zhao continues teaching them how to fight like a Warrior .
When they arrive at Arun 's kingdom they turn themselves in ; as part of Zhao 's plan to get into the kingdom and past all the guards and knights . They get free by working together to kill the guard when they give them their food . Jack saves Su Lin but just as they 're about to kiss Zhao barges in and interrupts them . On their way out they get recaptured and put back in their cell , Jack tells Zhao that he 's too young to die , having never even kissed a girl . Zhao reveals that neither has he . A butterfly appears and Zhao has a conversation with it . Jack asks if the butterfly understood them and Zhao replies that they hope so .
During the wedding when Arun lifts up their veil and goes to kiss Su Lin they see that their face is of that of a reptilian monster with a long tongue and huge eyes . The Wizard uses their magic to distract everyone and frees Jack and Zhao just before hanging . The Wizard pours magic powder on Jacks shoes and tells them to jump . Jack saves the princess ( whom the Wizard soon turns back to normal ) and all the barbarians try to kill them . The wizard gives Jack bags of magic powder to throw at them . One of the bags makes one of the barbarians a huge monster , however ; too large for Jack and a formidable foe for Zhao . Eventually , Jack and Su Lin catapult themselves faraway and Zhao and the Wizard get away as well .
Jack wakes up in a forest alone and after a search finds Su Lin tied up . Arun 's guards attack Jack but they fight them off . Arun and Jack fight until Jack kills Arun and saves the Princess .
Su Lin is crowned Empress and sometime afterwards they kiss and they tell Jack that they never thought they were worthless ; not even when they first met . The Empress 's guards see their lipstick on Jack 's face and try to kill them for touching her ; but they get home through the Warriors Gate ; smashing it to pieces and rendering it useless to get back .
When they go to school the next day Jack finally defeats their bully , Travis . At home , Jack tries to put the Warriors Gate back together but fails so they create a video game called ‘ The Warriors Gate ' and sells it for $ 25,000 so that they and their mom get to keep their house . Days later Jack is at the mall for some ice-cream and bumps into Su Lin . They had the Wizard make them another box/gate and made a new law that everyone gets holidays ; even the Empress . Back in Empress 's Kingdom , we see Zhao teaching all the knights to dance . Su Lin also dances a modern dance while standing on the balcony of their Forbidden City- like palace .
Cast
Uriah Shelton as Jack Bronson / The Black Knight
Mark Chao as Warrior Zhao .
Ni Ni as Princess Su Lin .
Dave Bautista as Arun the Cruel ( the Mean , the Horrible , the Terrible , the Strong , the Miserable )
Francis Ng as Wizard .
Sienna Guillory as Annie Bronson
Ron Smoorenburg as The Black Knight .
David Torok as Viking Warrior
Dakota Daulby as Travis Leigh .
Production
The film had a budget of . Filming started on May 4 , 2015 . It was filmed on location at Hengdian World Studios in Jinhua , China and in British Columbia , Canada .
Reception
The Hollywood Reporter compared the film to The Last Starfighter . Discussing the director , the review noted that `` Hoene keeps things competent rather than creative , and shows little of the flair they did in Cockneys vs Zombies '' and that the story wades into `` familiar territory '' that may attract a young adult audience `` for YA audiences that are heavily into the 1980s '' .
See also
White savior narrative in film
References
External links
2016 films
EuropaCorp films
Films about video games
Films produced by Luc Besson
Films scored by Klaus Badelt
Films shot in Canada
Films shot in China
Films with screenplays by Luc Besson
Films with screenplays by Robert Mark Kamen
English-language Chinese films
English-language French films
Fundamental Films films
2016 3D films
Chinese 3D films
French 3D films
Chinese fantasy adventure films
2010s English-language films
Kutai Kartanegara Regency ( abbreviated as Kukar ) is a regency of East Kalimantan province , Indonesia . It has a land area of 27,263.10 km2 and a water area of 4,097 km2 , geographically located between 1°18′40″S and 116°31′36″E . The population of the regency was 626,286 at the 2010 Census and 729,382 at the 2020 Census . The town of Tenggarong is the capital of the regency .
In 2019 , President Joko Widodo proclaimed that the new national capital of Indonesia will be built in an area partly in the Kutai Kartanegara Regency and partly in the adjacent Penajam North Paser Regency , and that the construction process will set off around 2024 .
History
Kutai Kartanegara Regency lies in the historical region of Kutai , home to the first and oldest Hindu kingdom of Indonesia , the Kutai Martadipura Kingdom founded in the 4th century CE by king Kudungga .
Administrative districts
Kutai Kartanegara Regency is divided into eighteen districts ( kecamatan ) , tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and 2020 Census .
Bukit Bangkirai rainforest
Bukit Bangkirai ( Bangkirai Hill ) is a 1,500-hectare natural tropical located about 58 kilometres ( around 45 minutes by car ) from the city of Balikpapan . Plants of the family Dipterocarpaceae dominate in the area , especially Bangkirai trees ( Shorea laevis of the genus Shorea ) growing to 40–50 metres in height . There are over 120 bird species as well as gibbons ( Müller 's Bornean gibbon ) , macaque monkeys ( Southern pig-tailed macaques , Crab-eating macaques ) , Maroon leaf monkeys , Banded pigs , and Banggai crows . Black Orchids ( Coelogyne pandurata ) , among 45 kinds of orchids , are endemic to Bukit Bangkirai .
To visit the forest , visitors can walk along a 64-metre canopy bridge which connects five big Bangkirai trees 30 metres above the ground .
Mangrove information , research center
East Kalimantan province has developed an 18-hectare plot of land for mangrove information and research center in Sepatin village , in Anggana District , as Bali has done . It will function as a research , exhibition , information , breeding as well as education center on mangroves , especially in the Mahakam Delta .
Smart City
In early 2015 it was announced that part of Kutai Kartanegara Regency had been selected to be a trial 'smart city ' , the first in Indonesia , based on the Fujisawa Sustainable Smart Town ( SST ) concept . The aim of the SST concept was to reduce CO2 emissions by 70 percent and reduce consumption of water by 30 percent . The Kutai Kartanegara area was chosen as a trial area because of good investment growth in the region , the extensive area , relatively moderate levels of population density , effective planning in the area , and rich energy resources .
See also
Kutai , ( historical region in eastern Borneo )
Kutainese language
Legend of the Centipede Lake
References
External links
Clytus Gottwald ( born 20 November 1925 ) is a German composer , conductor and musicologist , focused on choral music . They are known for their arrangements for a vocal ensemble of up to 16 voices . They founded and has conducted the Schola Cantorum Stuttgart for such music .
Life and work
Gottwald was born in Bad Salzbrunn . They studied voice with Gerhard Hüsch and choral conducting with Kurt Thomas . They studied musicology in Tübingen and Frankfurt . In 1961 they completed their dissertation on the Renaissance composer Johannes Ghiselin in Frankfurt . As a musicologist , they edited numerous scholarly catalogues of music manuscripts .
As a choir director , they were initially an assistant of Marcel Couraud from 1954 to 1958 . From 1958 to 1970 they were cantor at the Paulus-Kirche , Stuttgart , conducting the . In 1960 they founded the Schola Cantorum Stuttgart , a vocal ensemble of 16 to 18 professional singers , with a repertoire focused on both classical vocal polyphony as contemporary music , performing more than 80 premieres and first performances of choral works . Among the composers who wrote music for the ensemble are Pierre Boulez , Brian Ferneyhough , Vinko Globokar , Gérard Grisey , Heinz Holliger , Mauricio Kagel , Helmut Lachenmann , György Ligeti , Krzysztof Penderecki , Steve Reich , Dieter Schnebel , and Hans Zender . In particular , Gottwald conducted the Schola Cantorum in a performance of Ligeti 's Lux aeterna which was later used in the Stanley Kubrick film 2001 : A Space Odyssey . Gottwald directed the ensemble until the dissolution in 1990 .
As a composer , Gottwald specialised in `` arranging '' classical music from different genres for an a cappella group of up to 16 voices in the style of György Ligeti . They had the initial idea at a workshop of Pierre Boulez , `` transcribing '' Ravel 's Soupir from their Trois poèmes de Mallarmé similar to Ligeti 's use of voices in Lux aeterna . In particular , their arrangement of Gustav Mahler 's Rückert song `` Ich bin der Welt abhanden gekommen '' for voices ( 1985 ) was made known by Swedish choral conductor Eric Ericson and has been repeated by many leading choirs . Gottwald arranged works by Alban Berg ( Die Nachtigall ) , Hector Berlioz ( Sur les lagunes ) , Claude Debussy ( Les Angelus , Des pas sur la neige ) , Franz Liszt ( Zwei Lieder , two songs ) , Gustav Mahler ( Drei Lieder , three songs ) , Giacomo Puccini , Maurice Ravel ( Soupir ) , Richard Wagner ( Zwei Studien zu `` Tristan und Isolde '' ) , Anton Webern ( Vier frühe Lieder , four early songs ) , Hugo Wolf ( four songs including Auf ein altes Bild and Der Gärtner ) , among others . In their arrangements for voices , they used text freely , for example a combination of a French poem by Rilke with poetry by Mallarmé in their arrangement of Debussy 's prelude for piano Des pas sur la neige . Their adaptations of Wagner and Mahler were praised : `` Gottwald has been truly effective at transferring the romantic orchestra onto the choir '' . Their way of arrangement has been termed `` re-create them in a magical choral world '' .
In 2009 they received the Kulturpreis Baden-Württemberg ( Cultural Award of Baden-Württemberg ) for their lifetime achievement and in 2012 the Preis der Europäischen Kirchenmusik of Schwäbisch Gmünd , for their contributions to sacred music .
Selected recordings
as choral conductor
Atelier Schola Cantorum . Neue Vokalmusik . Cadenza 800891–900 . 10 CDs .
Dufay , Ockeghem , Josquin , Brumel , Isaac : Musica Mensurabilis . Bayer Records 100271–274 . 4 CDs .
Nono : Ha venido , Canciones para Silvia ( 1960 ) . WERGO WER 6038-2 , 286 038-2
as composer
Clytus Gottwald : Transkriptionen . SWR Vokalensemble Stuttgart , Marcus Creed . Carus 83.181 .
Clytus Gottwald : Vokalbearbeitungen . KammerChor Saarbrücken , Georg Grün , Carus 83.182 . 2005 .
Choral Arrangements by Clytus Gottwald . The Rudolfus Choir , Ralph Allwood , Signum Classics SIGCD102 2007
Selected publications
Johannes Ghiselin – Johannes Verbonnet : Stilkritische Untersuchung zum Problem ihrer Identität , Breitkopf & Härtel , Wiesbaden 1962 , DNB-451628403 ( Dissertation , University of Frankfurt 1961 )
„ Hallelujah “ und die Theorie des kommunikativen Handelns . Ausgewählte Schriften . Klett-Cotta , Stuttgart 1998 ,
Rückblick auf den Fortschritt . Eine Autobiographie . Carus-Verlag , Stuttgart 2009 ,
Literature
Gottwald , Clytus in : Die Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart . vol . 7 , Bärenreiter , Kassel/Metzler , Stuttgart 2002 , , pp 1409–1410
Constance DeFotis : From the Work and Writings of Clytus Gottwald , Founder and Director of the Schola Cantorum Stuttgart . Dissertation , University of Cincinnati 1988
References
External links
Official site
Clytus Gottwald Carus-Verlag
Kulturpreis Baden-Württemberg
German composers
German choral conductors
German male conductors ( music )
German musicologists
1925 births
Living people
People from Wałbrzych County
People from the Province of Lower Silesia
21st-century German conductors ( music )
21st-century German male musicians
Michael Praetorius scholars
Lake Brownworth is a meltwater lake immediately west of Wright Lower Glacier at the east end of Wright Valley , Victoria Land . The lake was mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and air photos obtained in 1956–1960 . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Frederick S. Brownworth Jr. , a USGS topographic engineer who worked several seasons in Antarctica . In 1970–1971 they supervised aerial photography of the dry valleys of Victoria Land , including this lake .
References
Lakes of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Vukašin Mandrapa ( ; died 1942/43 ) is a saint and a martyr of the Serbian Orthodox Church canonized as Saint Vukašin of Klepci ( Свети Вукашин из Клепаца ) .
Their surname and place of birth are disputed . Several sources claim their surname was actually Toholj , and some claim they were from the village of Lokve and not Klepci . Ustashas killed them probably in August 1942 . The years of their death is also disputed , as either 1942 or 1943 . According to one story , Vukašin was a farmer and merchant , born in Klepci .
They and their family lived in Sarajevo and then returned to Klepci , but were arrested and sent to the Independent State of Croatia 's Jasenovac death camp . Mandrapa was listed among the victims of Jasenovac in 2007 by the Serbian Fond for the Research of Genocide in Jasenovac .
According to testimony given in 1970 by neuropsychiatrist Nede Zec who was detained in Jasenovac , Mandrapa was singled out by a Croatian Ustaše , surnamed Friganović ( first name Josip or Mile ) , who had observed their stoic behavior during the forced labor days and the slaughter of prisoners at night .
Friganović allegedly attempted to compel Mandrapa to bless the Ustaše leader Ante Pavelić , which Mandrapa refused to do , even after Friganović had allegedly cut off both their ears and nose after each refusal . They then allegedly cut out Mandrapa 's eyes , tore out their heart , and slashed their throat . This incident was allegedly witnessed by another inmate .
References
External links
Biography on Jasenovac info website
Saint Vukasin , orthodoxwiki.org ; accessed 27 June 2018 .
Mandrapa , Vukasin
1940s deaths
Date of death missing
Year of birth missing
20th-century Eastern Orthodox martyrs
People from Čapljina
New Martyrs
Persecution of Serbs
People executed by the Independent State of Croatia
People murdered in the Independent State of Croatia
Serb people who died in the Holocaust
Yugoslav people who died in the Holocaust
Bosnia and Herzegovina civilians killed in World War II
Deaths by blade weapons
People who died in Jasenovac concentration camp
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Fushan Leifang Stadium ( Simplified Chinese : 雷峰体育场 ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Fushun , China . It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Liaoning FC of the China PR Super League . The stadium holds 32,000 .
References
Football venues in China
Buildings and structures in Fushun
Multi-purpose stadiums in China
Sports venues in Liaoning
The H+-translocating F420H2 Dehydrogenase ( F420H2DH ) Family ( TC # 3.D.9 ) is a member of the Na+ transporting Mrp superfamily . A single F420H2 dehydrogenase ( also referred to as F420H2 : quinol oxidoreductase ) from the methanogenic archaeon , Methanosarcina mazei Gö1 , has been shown to be a redox driven proton pump . The F420H2DH of M. mazei has a molecular size of about 120 kDa and contains Fe-S clusters and FAD . A similar five-subunit enzyme has been isolated from Methanolobus tindarius . The sulfate-reducing Archaeoglobus fulgidus ( and several other archaea ) also have this enzyme .
Function
Reduction of 2-hydroxyphenazine by F420H2DH is accompanied by the translocation of 1 H+ per 2 electrons transferred .
Transport Reaction
The overall vectorial reaction catalyzed by F420H2DH is
Reduced donor ( 2e− ) + H+ ( in ) ⇌ oxidized acceptor ( 2e− ) + H+ ( out )
Role in Methanogenesis
Methanomassiliicoccus luminyensis has been isolated from the human gut and requires H2 and methanol or methylamines to produce methane . The organism lacks cytochromes , indicating that it can not couple membrane-bound electron transfer reactions with the extrusion of protons or sodium ions using other known methanogenic pathways . Furthermore , M. luminyensis contains a soluble MvhAGD/HdrABC complex , as found in obligate hydrogenotrophic methanogens , but the energy conserving methyltransferase ( MtrA-H ) is absent . Evidence has been presented that M. luminyensis uses two types of heterodisulfide reductases ( HdrABC and HdrD ) in an energy conserving process . RT-qPCR studies revealed that genes coding for both heterodisulfide reductases were expressed at high levels . Other genes with high transcript abundance were fpoA as part of the operon encoding the 'headless ' F420H2 dehydrogenase and atpB as part of the operon encoding the A1Ao ATP synthase . High activities of the soluble heterodisulfide reductase HdrABC and the hydrogenase MvhADG were found in the cytoplasm . Also , heterologously produced HdrD could reduce CoM-S-S-CoB using reduced methylviologen as electron donor . It is proposed that membrane-bound electron transfer is based on the conversion of two molecules of methanol and the concurrent formation of two molecules of the heterodisulfide CoM-S-S-CoB . First , the HdrABC/MvhADG complex catalyzes the H2-dependent reduction of CoM-S-S-CoB and the formation of reduced ferredoxin . Second , reduced ferredoxin is oxidized by the 'headless ' F420H2 dehydrogenase , thereby translocating up to 4 H+ across the membrane , and electrons are channeled to HdrD for the reduction of the second heterodisulfide .
Homology
The gene cluster encoding the F420H2DH includes 12 genes , fpoABCDHIJKLMNO . Several of the subunits are related to those of the mitochondrial 'complex I ' NDH family members ( TC # 3.D.1 ) . Thus , the gene products , FpoA , H , J , K , L , M and N , are highly hydrophobic and are homologous to subunits that form the membrane integral module of NDH-1 . FpoB , C , D and I have their counterparts in the amphipathic membrane-associated module of NDH-1 . However , homologues of the hydrophilic subunits of the NADH-oxidizing complex are absent .
See also
Transporter Classification Database
References
Protein families
Membrane proteins
Transmembrane proteins
Transmembrane transporters
Transport proteins
Integral membrane proteins
State Road 32 is an IB-class road in southwestern Serbia and Kosovo , connecting Ribariće with Mitrovica .
Before the new road categorization regulation given in 2013 , the route wore the following names : M 2 ( before 2012 ) / 33 ( after 2012 ) .
The existing route is a main road with two traffic lanes . By the valid Space Plan of the Republic of Serbia , it 's section of the road is not planned for upgrading to a motorway and is expected to be conditioned in its current state .
The road is a part of European routes E65 and E80 .
Sections
See also
Roads in Serbia
Roads in Kosovo
Notes
References
External links
Official website - Roads of Serbia ( Putevi Srbije )
Official website - Corridors of Serbia ( Koridori Srbije ) ( Serbian )
State roads in Serbia
The Colombia women 's national handball team is the national team of Colombia . It is governed by the Federacion Colombiana de Balomano and takes part in international handball competitions .
Results
Pan American Championship
Junior Pan American Games
Central American and Caribbean Games
Caribbean Handball Cup
Bolivarian Games
External links
IHF profile
Women 's national handball teams
Handball
National team
Turkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south of Werbkowice , south-west of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
History
World War II
During the World War II , in March 1944 , Turkowice was attacked by Polish partisans in reprisal for the Massacres of Poles in Volhynia carried out by Ukrainian nationalists . Eighty Ukrainian villagers were murdered and 150 houses destroyed .
References
Turkowice
Massacres of Ukrainians during World War II
Tsvetan Valentinov Genkov ( ; born 8 February 1984 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a striker for OFK Kostinbrod .
Career
Lokomotiv Mezdra
Born in Mezdra , Genkov began their career in the local Lokomotiv , previously having been a track and field athlete . They made their debut during the 2001–02 season on 14 October 2001 in a 0–2 away loss against Sitomir Nikopol in the campaign of V AFG . On 12 May 2002 , Genkov scored their first goal in a 2–2 home draw against Olimpik Teteven . As of the 2002–03 season they became first-choice forward scoring 14 goals . After 24 goals in the next season they transferred to Lokomotiv Sofia .
Lokomotiv Sofia
They made their debut for Lokomotiv Sofia on 6 August 2004 , in a 0–2 away loss against Litex Lovech . In Sofia , Genkov established themselves in one of the leading A PFG clubs and helped their team to reach the fourth place in 2005–06 and secure a place in the 2006–07 UEFA Cup . During the qualification rounds , Genkov scored four goals in six matches . In Bulgaria 's A PFG , they became the top goalscorer of 2006–07 with 27 goals , leading Lokomotiv to the third position and 2007–08 UEFA Cup qualification .
Dynamo Moscow
On 9 June 2007 , they signed a four-and-a-half-year contract with Dynamo Moscow for a transfer fee of €2.25 million .
Return to Lokomotiv Sofia
In January 2010 , Genkov was loaned out to their former club . On 7 March 2010 , they netted twice in the 5–1 away win against FC Sportist Svoge . In the following season , with 11 goals to their name , Genkov had climbed up to second place in the scoring charts in the A PFG by the time their loan expired .
Wisła Kraków
On 28 January 2011 , Genkov joined Polish Ekstraklasa side Wisła Kraków on a three and a half-year deal for an undisclosed fee from Dynamo Moscow . They won the Ekstraklasa championship in their debut season . Genkov was club 's top goalscorer in the second part of the season with six goals in the league .
In the following season , they were a starter in all six matches in the Wisła 's ultimately unsuccessful UEFA Champions League qualifying campaign . On 9 September , Genkov picked up an injury at beginning of the league match against Lech Poznań . They returned to play on 15 October , scoring the winning goal in a 3–1 home win over Jagiellonia Białystok . Genkov also netted the winning goal in a 2–1 victory over FC Twente , in the last UEFA Europa League group stage match , which lead their team to qualify for the round of 32 .
On 16 February 2012 , they scored a late equaliser in the first leg tie against Standard Liège . Wisła Kraków played with ten-men for most of the match after Michał Czekaj was sent off in the 27th minute . They scored their first hat-trick for Wisła Kraków on 14 April , scoring all three of their team 's goals in a 3–2 home win over ŁKS Łódź in the Ekstraklasa . Genkov was a top goalscorer of 2011–12 Polish Cup with four goals from three games .
Levski Sofia
Genkov signed with Levski Sofia on 19 June 2013 on a three-year deal . They were not registered for the 1st round of the UEFA Europa League games against Kazakh club Irtysh Pavlodar , which their team lost by an aggregate score of 0–2 . Genkov made their official debut for Levski Sofia on 21 July 2013 , in the 1–2 away loss against Botev Plovdiv in an A PFG match . They scored their first goal for the team from Sofia a week later in the 1–2 home defeat inflicted by Lokomotiv Plovdiv .
Okzhetpes
On 14 February 2017 , Genkov signed for Okzhetpes of the Kazakhstan Premier League .
OFK Kostinbrod
After three years without a club , Genkov signed with Bulgarian fourth division club OFK Kostinbrod in March 2020 . As of September 2021 , Genkov was still playing for Kostinbrod .
International career
Receiving their first call-up for an official match in March 2005 , they were capped nine times for Bulgaria national under-21 football team , scoring three goals . Genkov received their first senior international cap for Bulgaria on 17 August 2005 in a friendly match against Turkey , which they won 3–1 , coming on as a substitute for Dimitar Berbatov after one hour of play .
Outside football
Genkov has participated in charity campaigns during their spell with Wisla . They also represent Bulgarian company TRYMAX .
Career statistics
Club
International
Statistics accurate as of match played 6 September 2011
Honours
Club
Wisła Kraków
Ekstraklasa : 2010–11
Individual
A PFG Top Goalscorer : 2006–07
Polish Cup Top Goalscorer : 2011–12
References
External links
Profile at LevskiSofia.info
Bulgarian footballers
1984 births
Living people
First Professional Football League ( Bulgaria ) players
Russian Premier League players
Ekstraklasa players
PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra players
FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
Wisła Kraków players
PFC Levski Sofia players
Denizlispor footballers
FC Lokomotiv Gorna Oryahovitsa players
FC Okzhetpes players
Bulgaria international footballers
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Association football forwards
Mozambique is a 1965 drama film directed by Robert Lynn from a screenplay by Peter Yeldham , starring Steve Cochran in their final film role , Hildegard Knef , Paul Hubschmid and Vivi Bach .
Premise
An American pilot assists the Portuguese colonial police who are battling a gang of criminals involved in drug smuggling from Lisbon via Mozambique to Zanzibar .
Cast
Steve Cochran as Brad Webster
Hildegard Knef as Ilona Valdez
Paul Hubschmid as Commarro
Vivi Bach as Christina
Dietmar Schönherr as Henderson
Martin Benson as Da Silva
George Leech as Carl
Gert Van den Bergh as Arab
Production
During the making of the film , Cochran was arrested for committing adultery with the wife of a jockey while in Durban , South Africa .
Reception
The New York Times called it `` a sleazy little melodrama . ''
References
External links
Mozambique at the BFI
Review at Spinning Image
Review at Cinema Retro
1965 films
1965 drama films
British drama films
1960s English-language films
English-language South African films
Films directed by Robert Lynn
Films scored by Johnny Douglas
Films set in Mozambique
Films shot in Mozambique
South African drama films
1960s British films
The 1949–50 season was the 51st completed season of The Football League .
Final league tables
The tables below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79 , with home and away statistics separated .
Beginning with the season 1894–95 , clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average ( goals scored divided by goals conceded ) , or more properly put , goal ratio . In case one or more teams had the same goal difference , this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals . The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season .
From the 1922–23 season , the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election .
First Division
Portsmouth retained the First Division title , finishing level on points with Wolverhampton Wanderers . Sunderland finished a single point behind the leading pair , with Manchester United and Newcastle United completing the top five . Sixth placed Arsenal , the 1948 champions , finished four points off the top of the table but beat Liverpool to win their first postwar FA Cup .
Manchester City and Birmingham City went down to the Second Division .
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1949-50 in English football
1949 in association football
1950 in association football
References
Ian Laschke : Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79 . Macdonald and Jane 's , London & Sydney , 1980 .
English Football League seasons
Eng
1
Erik Martin Broberg ( born 24 September 1990 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Örebro SK as a midfielder .
Career statistics
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Ettan Fotboll players
Eliteserien players
Odds BK players
Swedish footballers
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Norwegian Second Division players
Örebro SK players
People from Karlskoga Municipality
Sportspeople from Örebro County
LNU may refer to :
Universities
Leyte Normal University , Tacloban City , Philippines
Liaoning Normal University , a teacher training university in China
Lingnan Normal University , Zhanjiang City , Guangdong Province , China
Linnaeus University , Växjö and Kalmar , Sweden
University of Luhansk , Ukraine
University of Lviv , Ukraine
Other
Fnu Lnu ( Last Name Unknown ) , a placeholder name
The ( ) , a member of the World Assembly of Youth
League of Nations Union , a British organisation advocating peace and disarmament
Lincolnshire Naturalists ' Union , a British natural history society formed in 1893 .
Longuda language ( ISO 639 : lnu ) , a Niger–Congo language of Nigeria
Mi'kmaq people or Lnu , a First Nations People of North America
Robert Atty Bessing Airport ( IATA : LNU ) , Malinau , North Kalimantan , Indonesia
Sonoma-Lake-Napa Unit , an operational unit of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection
LNU Lightning Complex fires , a group of wildfires in California
Molly Joyce is a composer , performer , and recording artist . They are currently an adjunct faculty member in composition at New York University .
Early life and education
Molly Joyce was born in 1992 in Pittsburgh , PA . They started their instrumental music education on the violin . After a car accident permanently damaged their left hand at the age of 7 , they began playing the cello by using their left hand for the bow and right hand on the fingerboard . They also learned to play the trumpet and began composing on the computer .
Joyce attended The Juilliard School for their undergraduate degree ( graduating with scholastic distinction ) . They also earned degrees at Royal Conservatory in The Hague , where they were the recipient of the Frank Huntington Beebe Fund Grant , and Yale School of Music .
Joyce has studied with Samuel Adler , Martin Bresnick , Guus Janssen , David Lang , Hannah Lash , Missy Mazzoli , Martijn Padding , Christopher Rouse , and Christopher Theofanidis .
Career
Joyce has contributed compositions to many recordings of other artists . As a solo artist , they released an EP , Lean Back and Release , in 2017 and an LP titled Breaking and Entering in 2020 . Among their many live performances was a talk and performance given at TedxMidAtlantic in 2017 .
Disability and composition style
After the car crash that deformed their left hand , Joyce began to explore ways to be musical that accommodated their disability . In graduate school , Joyce began an independent study on disability and the arts . During this study , they found that their disabled hand allowed them to create distinct music that incorporated the differing abilities of their hands . Consequently , their view of ability and disability developed , viewing them not as a dichotomy but as a spectrum that affords opportunities to people based on their individual capabilities .
Them primary instrument is a vintage Magnus Electric Chord Organ Model 391 , which they found in 2011 after years of searching for an instrument that would fit their body , with individual chord buttons placed on the left side and a small piano keyboard on the right . Joyce realized that the instrument was “ made for my form and made for my deform . ”
Joyce 's musical style is not only influenced by their disability , but by other musical genres such as Minimalism , Impressionism , and Jazz . Joyce has composed for large ensembles , chamber groups , and soloists .
Discography
LPs
EPs
As contributing composer
External links
References
New York University faculty
Living people
1992 births
Artists from Pittsburgh
Pénaud or Penaud is a French surname , and may refer to :
People
Alain Penaud ( born 1969 ) , French rugby union player
Alphonse Pénaud ( 1850–1880 ) , French pioneer of aviation design and engineering
Charles Pénaud ( 1800–1864 ) , French naval officer who rose to the rank of vice-amiral
Damian Penaud ( born 1996 ) , French rugby union player .
Other
Mount Pénaud , mountain in the Chavdar Peninsula , Graham Land , Antarctica
Kameshwar Pandit was an Indian politician , trade unionist and journalist . Pandit founded the Himachal Pradesh branch of the Communist Party of India in 1953 .
Pandit contested the June 3 , 1959 Mahasu Lok Sabha seat by-election , standing as an independent politician . Pandit obtained 6,712 votes ( 8.67 % ) .
Pandit remained in CPI after the 1964 split in the party , and would stay on as the Himachal Pradesh State Council Secretary of CPI until their death . They were a leader of mass organizations like the India Trade Union Congress and the India Kisan Sabha . Pandit served as the editor of the weekly Himachal Janata for many years . They also founded the weekly Himachal Darpan and Pahari . They authored several books and worked on a number of periodical publications . They were a member of the CPI National Council .
They were offered the position as state governor by Prime Minister H.D . Deve Gowda , but turned down the offer .
Pandit died in Shimla , from cardiac arrest , on June 29 , 2001 .
References
2001 deaths
Communist Party of India politicians from Himachal Pradesh
Indian trade union leaders
Salaheddine Giuseppe Bassir ( ; born 5 September 1972 ) is a Moroccan former professional footballer who played as a striker .
They played for a few clubs , including Raja Casablanca , Al-Hilal ( Saudi Arabia ) and Deportivo La Coruña in Spain with whom they won la liga and copa del rey . They then played for OSC Lille ( France ) and Aris Thessaloniki ( Greece ) . They retired at the end of 2005 season .
Whilst at Lille Bassir scored a goal against Olympiacos in the UEFA Champions League and once against Borussia Dortmund in the UEFA Europa League .
They played for the Morocco national team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup , where they scored two goals in the 3–0 win against Scotland.He also scored a brace against France during the Hassan II Trophy final .
Career statistics
Scores and results list Morocco 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Bassir goal .
References
Living people
1972 births
Sportspeople from Casablanca
Moroccan footballers
Association football forwards
Morocco international footballers
La Liga players
Ligue 1 players
Super League Greece players
Raja CA players
Al Hilal SFC players
Deportivo de La Coruña players
Lille OSC players
Aris Thessaloniki F.C . players
1998 FIFA World Cup players
1998 African Cup of Nations players
2000 African Cup of Nations players
2002 African Cup of Nations players
Footballers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Morocco
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Patrick Baur was the defending champion , but lost in the second round this year .
Shuzo Matsuoka won the tournament , beating Todd Woodbridge in the final , 6–3 , 4–6 , 7–5 .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Seoul Open
1992 ATP Tour
1992 Seoul Open
The grey-crowned prinia ( Prinia cinereocapilla ) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae .
It is found in Bhutan , northern India and Nepal .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , and arable land .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
Grey-crowned prinia is 11 cm long and weight 6–8·5 g. A small , neatly proportioned and relatively short-tailed prinia with small and slim bill . In fresh plumage has rufous forehead .
References
grey-crowned prinia
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Bhutan
grey-crowned prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
War of Religion may refer to :
European wars of religion , a series of European wars of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Centuries
French Wars of Religion , a specific series in the larger conflagration
Crusades , a series of religious wars sanctioned by the Latin Church in the medieval period
See also
Crusade ( disambiguation )
Holy War ( disambiguation )
Jihad ( disambiguation )
Sacred War ( disambiguation )
Religious conflict ( disambiguation )
Open Mind may refer to :
Open Mind ( album ) , by Jean-Luc Ponty
Open Mind ( horse ) , an American Thoroughbred
The Open Mind ( band ) , a British psychedelic rock group
The Open Mind ( TV series ) , a public affairs talk show
Open Mind Common Sense , an artificial intelligence project
Open Mind Productions , a British television production company
Open-mindedness , the psychological concept
Monsieur Ouine , a novel by Georges Bernanos , known as The Open Mind in one translation
Gaia II may refer to
Gaia II ( Valensia album ) a 2000 album by Dutch musician Valensia
Gaia II : La Voz Dormida a 2005 album by Spanish folk metal group Mägo de Oz '
The 61st Assembly District of Wisconsin is one of 99 districts in the Wisconsin State Assembly . Located in southeastern Wisconsin , the district covers most of Kenosha County . It includes the villages of Bristol , Paddock Lake , Pleasant Prairie , Salem Lakes , and Twin Lakes , and the western half of the village of Somers ( west of Wisconsin Highway 31 ) . It also contains the Richard Bong State Recreation Area and Chiwaukee Prairie Nature Preserve . The district is currently vacant , it was most recently represented by Republican Samantha Kerkman , from January 2013 to June 2022 .
The 61st Assembly District is located within Wisconsin 's 21st Senate District , along with the 62nd and 63rd Assembly Districts .
History
The district was created in the 1972 redistricting act ( 1971 Wisc . Act 304 ) which first established the numbered district system , replacing the previous system which allocated districts to specific counties . The 61st district was drawn roughly in line with the boundaries of the previous Racine County 2nd district ( the northern part of the city of Racine ) . The 61st district boundaries were relatively consistent in redistricting from 1972 to 2011 , with the major exception of the 1982 redistricting , which scrambled all State Assembly districts and moved the 61st district to north-central Wisconsin for the 1983–1984 legislative session . That changed with the controversial 2011 redistricting plan ( 2011 Wisc . Act 43 ) which moved the district to Kenosha County—the previous territory covered by the 61st district is now split between the 62nd and 66th Assembly districts . This was part of a larger gerrymandering plan for the Racine and Kenosha County districts to convert one Assembly seat and one Senate seat from tossups to safely Republican .
List of District Representatives
References
Wisconsin State Assembly districts
Racine County , Wisconsin
Kenosha County , Wisconsin
The first Atlanta Confederate Soldiers ' Home ( also called the Old Soldiers ' Home ) was built in 1890 with the support of Henry W. Grady at a cost of $ 45,000 . Grady proposed the idea first in 1889 , and began to raise funds through `` subscriptions '' . Due to lack of funds the home did not open until 1900 . It stood at 410 E. United Avenue on the south edge of the Ormewood Park neighborhood of Atlanta , Georgia . In September , 1901 it burned down , shortly after it was occupied . and was rebuilt in 1902 at the same location with support from the Inman family .
In 1924 a scandal arose over mistreatment of the soldiers at the home . The oldest veteran of the Civil War , Lorenzo Grace , died there in 1928 . The last veteran to share the home was Henry Taylor Dowling whose entry was recorded on April 17 , 1941 . The Home housed widows of Confederate veterans beginning in the 1940s before closing in 1963 . It was razed in 1965 . Georgia National Guard and other state offices occupy the site .
References
New Georgia Encyclopedia
External links
Confederate Veterans Annual Yearbook Collection , 1924-1925 ; 1927 from the Kennesaw State University Archives .
Demolished buildings and structures in Atlanta
Old soldiers ' homes in the United States
Buildings and structures demolished in 1965
1890 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
1963 disestablishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Luigi Gregori ( 1819–1896 ) was an Italian artist who worked at the Vatican and served as artist in residence and professor at the University of Notre Dame .
Biography
They were born in Bologna , Italy , in 1819 , where at the age of fourteen they became apprentice of the Bolognese artist Giovanni Battista Frulli . There , they studied art of the antiquity as well as local artists , including the Carracci and Guido Reni . Frulli died in 1837 , and Gregori then worked for Prince Pignatelli of Monteleone , and they traveled throughout Italy , including studying in Milan and Naples . In 1840 , they moved to Rome and enrolled at the Accademia di San Luca and studied under Tommaso Minardi . Minardi was a major proponent of the Purismo movement , which rejected the popular neoclassicism and aimed to emulate Quattrocento artists such as Fra Angelico and Pietro Perugino . Minardi and Purismo as a whole influenced Gregori greatly , and they intensely studied the fifteenth-century masters . Gregori was also inspired by Purismo 's focus on a return to religious and devotional imagery , in contrast to increasingly secular trends .
After their training at the academy , they were hired as artist in residence at the Vatican , where they were commissioned a portrait of Pope Pius IX . However , they may have been frustrated by Pius 's focus on restoring old Vatican artwork rather than creating new pieces .
In 1874 they were invited by Rev . Edward Sorin , who was visiting the papal court , to be artist in residence at the University of Notre Dame , where they stayed for seventeen years . There they produced most of their works , and decorated the Basilica of the Sacred Heart , the Main building , St. Edward 's Hall and others . In 1890 they returned to Italy , where they won a golden medal for the arts . They died in Florence in 1896 .
Works
From 1868 to 1892 they worked in the Church of the Sacred Heart ( now Basilica of the Sacred Heart ) at Notre Dame , painting the nave , the transept , the ceilings and the apse with religious figures featuring mainly Jesus , Mary , Joseph , and the Saints and Doctors of the Church . From 1874 to 1877 they painted the stations of the Cross .
In late 1875 , Sorin and other passengers were stranded for three weeks on the steamship L'Amerique after its shaft broke . The next January , Sorin commissioned Gregori to make a painting in gratitude for their rescue ; Gregori painted a mural depicting Jesus walking on water on the back wall of the church . The artwork was painted over during renovations between 1951 and 1977 , however .
In 1880 they were commissioned by Rev . Sorin to create the Columbus murals , a series of twelve murals depicting the life and voyages of the Genoese explorer Christopher Columbus inside the Main Building . The decoration of the Main Building continued in 1890 with the interior of the dome depicting Religion surrounded by Philosophy , History , Science , Fame , Music and Poetry .
Their twelve murals , such as Columbus Coming Ashore , were covered in January 2019 , following an announcement by the president of the Notre Dame that the action was being taken because the artworks `` depict Native Americans in stereotypical submissive poses before white European explorers ... . ''
Their painting Return of Columbus and Reception at Court from the Columbus murals was featured in the 10¢ stamp of the Columbian Issue .
Assumption Catholic Church , Chicago 's first Italian-speaking church , was dedicated in 1886 , and Gregori was hired to paint the altarpiece and ceiling . They also painted frescoes at St. Raphael 's Cathedral in Dubuque , Iowa , the oldest Christian congregation in the state . Gregori also helped decorate the Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , by painting Saint Francis de Sales , Saint Patrick , and Saint Vincent de Paul .
Gallery
References and sources
References
Sources
The Columbus Murals
Painters from Bologna
19th-century Italian painters
19th-century Italian male artists
Italian male painters
University of Notre Dame faculty
University of Notre Dame people
1819 births
1896 deaths
N , N'-Dibutylhexamethylenediamine ( dibutylhexanediamine ) is a chemical compound used in the production of polymers . It is highly toxic upon inhalation , and is listed as an extremely hazardous substance as defined by the U.S . Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act .
See also
Hexamethylenediamine
References
Diamines
George Adams ( August 1 , 1784 – August 14 , 1844 ) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Mississippi , the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi and the United States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi .
Education and career
Born on August 1 , 1784 , in Lynchburg , Virginia , Adams read law in 1810 . They entered private practice in Frankfort , Kentucky from 1810 to 1825 . They were a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives from 1810 to 1811 , and in 1814 . They resumed private practice in Natchez , Mississippi from 1825 to 1827 , and from 1829 to 1830 . They were Attorney General of Mississippi from 1828 to 1829 . They were the United States Attorney for the District of Mississippi from 1830 to 1836 .
Federal judicial service
Adams was nominated by President Andrew Jackson on January 12 , 1836 , to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Mississippi vacated by Judge Powhatan Ellis . They were confirmed by the United States Senate on January 20 , 1836 , and received their commission the same day . Adams was reassigned by operation of law to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi and the United States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi on June 18 , 1838 , to a new joint seat authorized by 5 Stat . 247 . Their service terminated on September 30 , 1838 , due to their resignation .
Later career and death
Following their resignation from the federal bench , Adams resumed private practice in Jackson , Mississippi from 1838 to 1844 . They died on August 14 , 1844 , in Jackson .
Family
Two of Adams ' sons were Generals in the Confederate Armies : William Wirt Adams and Daniel Weisiger Adams .
References
Sources
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of Mississippi
Judges of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi
Judges of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi
United States federal judges appointed by Andrew Jackson
19th-century American judges
United States Attorneys for the District of Mississippi
Members of the Kentucky House of Representatives
Politicians from Lynchburg , Virginia
Lawyers from Jackson , Mississippi
1784 births
1844 deaths
United States federal judges admitted to the practice of law by reading law
Lee Paul Briers ( born 14 June 1978 ) is a professional rugby league coach who is on the coaching staff of the Brisbane Broncos in the NRL , and a former Wales international rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s , 2000s and 2010s .
A Great Britain and Wales international representative or , they played in the Super League for St. Helens and the Warrington Wolves ( with whom they won three Challenge Cup finals ) .
St Helens
Briers started their career with hometown club St. Helens , and they made their début in 1997 at the age of 18 , standing in for suspended captain Bobbie Goulding .
Immediately prior to being recalled by St Helens for their début , Lee had been on loan at AS Carcassonne to gain some valuable first team match experience , along with three other academy youngsters , namely , Nick Devine , Danny Rigby and Richard Shields
They made six appearances for the Saints club , scoring one try and 24 goals , with their performances helping Saints to reach the 1997 Challenge Cup Final . Briers are dropped following the return of Goulding to the starting lineup , and learned that they might not even be included in the squad for the upcoming Challenge Cup final . Seeking regular first-team football , they joined Warrington Wolves in April 1997 for a fee of £65,000 .
Warrington
Briers made an instant impact at their new club . Their presence as a added an attacking edge to the Warrington team and they were nominated for Young Player of the Year in their first season at Wilderspool Stadium . Having made their Wales début in 1998 , Briers went on to make 23 appearances for their country and featured in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup . Briers are capped by Great Britain against France in their 42-12 win on 26 October 2001 . Briers went on to become the primary playmaker of the Warrington team , and was named as captain in 2003 . During that time Briers became well known for their excellent kicking skills and their ability to successfully convert drop goals . They currently hold the Super League record , and jointly Warrington all-time record ( with Paul Bishop ) , for the most drop goals in a game ( 5 against Halifax at the Shay in 2002 ) .
Briers ' Testimonial match at Warrington took place in 2007 and they stepped down as captain at the end of the season . Following the Wales team 's failure to qualify for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup , Briers announced their international retirement .
Briers played in the 2010 Challenge Cup Final victory over the Leeds Rhinos at Wembley Stadium .
Briers came out of international retirement to represent Wales in the 2010 European Cup , and captained the side to victory in the tournament . They went on to captain Wales in the 2011 Four Nations , before once again retiring from international rugby league at the tournament 's end .
The 2011 Super League season was Briers ' 14th . During this season they broke a number of club records including top all-time points scorer , having overtaken club greats Brian Bevan , and Steve Hesford . They broke the record during a Challenge Cup home 112–0 demolition of Swinton . This match also saw Briers break their own club record for points in a match ( set 11 years earlier against York ) , with 44 points , from 16 goals and three tries .
They played in the 2012 Challenge Cup Final victory over the Leeds Rhinos at Wembley Stadium .
They played in the 2012 Super League Grand Final defeat by the Leeds Rhinos at Old Trafford .
In 2013 , during the second match of the season against Wigan Warriors , Lee suffered a neck injury which saw the Warrington ace out for 13 games . They returned for a Tetley 's Challenge Cup fifth round tie against Salford City Reds in which they made not only a try scoring return but also kicked their 1,000th career goal .
They played in the 2013 Super League Grand Final defeat by the Wigan Warriors at Old Trafford .
In November 2013 , although Briers had a year remaining on their contract , they announced their retirement due to a neck injury . They played 425 games for Warrington , scoring a club record 2,586 points . Shortly before announcing their retirement , Briers released their autobiography , Off the Cuff .
References
External links
! Great Britain Statistics at englandrl.co.uk ( statistics currently missing due to not having appeared for both Great Britain , and England )
Profile at warringtonwolves.com
( archived by web.archive.org ) 2001 Ashes profile
Warrington 's World Cup heroes – Lee Briers
Profile at saints.org.uk
1978 births
Living people
AS Carcassonne players
English rugby league coaches
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Lance Todd Trophy winners
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from St Helens , Merseyside
St Helens R.F.C . players
Wales national rugby league team captains
Wales national rugby league team players
Warrington Wolves captains
Warrington Wolves players
Filippo Marenco ( born 9 April 2003 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for club Viterbese .
Club career
Born in Bologna Filippo Marenco , grew up through the youth academy of the Bologna FC 1909 , from which they joined the Fiorentina academy in Octobre 2020 .
But after only one year playing with Fiorentina 's under-18 , they moved to the US Viterbese , in Viterbo , Lazio , on the 13 July 2021 .
Marenco made their professional debut for Viterbese on the 15 September 2021 , replacing Domenico Alberico during a 3–1 home Coppa C win against Turris . Making their Serie C debut only 4 days later , this time as a starter , they became a regular member of the Viterbese first team squad .
Marenco moved to Viterbese on a permanent basis in the summer of 2022 .
References
External links
2003 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Bologna
U.S. Viterbese 1908 players
Serie C players
Dennis Gale Duncan ( January 24 , 1943 – October 29 , 2014 ) was an all-star Canadian Football League running back .
After playing college football at Northwestern State University they joined the Montreal Alouettes in 1968 and rushed for 429 yards in their rookie season . The next season was their best in the CFL , with 1037 yards and an eastern All-Star selection .
Duncan 's final year in Montreal was good , rushing for 823 yards and catching another 399 yards , but 1970 will always be remembered infamously . The third place Alouettes , coached by Lark great Sam Etcheverry , made cinderella drive for the Grey Cup . But it was without Duncan and Canadian slotback Bob McCarthy , who made headline news when they were suspended after the regular season for breaking the team drinking prohibition ( regarding certain establishments . ) The Als won the Grey Cup without Duncan .
Duncan played a final year in the CFL with the Ottawa Rough Riders , where they rushed for 760 yards and was once again an All-Star . In all , they rushed for 3049 yards in their 4 year , 52 game career . They died in 2014 from Parkinson 's disease .
References
1943 births
2014 deaths
Montreal Alouettes players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
People from Grimes County , Texas
In kabbalah , the animal soul ( ; nefesh habehamit ) is one of the two souls of a Jew . It is the soul that gives life to the physical body , as stated in Tanya , and is the source of animalistic desires as well as innate Jewish characteristics such as kindness and compassion . Although its initial desire is to seek out worldly , physical pleasures , it can be trained to desire spiritual pleasures instead through the guidance of the divine soul .
Transforming the animal soul
While the animal soul is still attached to worldly , physical pleasures , it is synonymous with the yetzer hara , the evil inclination . However , the nefesh habehamit is not inherently evil ; it merely seeks pleasure . Through persistent , joyous exposure to Torah study and observance of mitzvot , the nefesh habehamit can be trained to desire spiritual and divine pleasures . In its refined state , it is often termed the nefesh hachiyunit , the life-giving soul , because its primary function then is to give life and energy to the body in order to study Torah and perform the mitzvot .
The nefesh habehamit is typically mentioned together with the nefesh ha'elokit , the divine soul , because the nefesh habehamit and the nefesh ha'elokit are at first in opposition to each other . Chassidut teaches that every person must seek to dominate and conquer the nefesh habehamit to make it serve the nefesh ha'elokit .
Parable of the Harlot and the Prince
The nefesh habehamit actually desires to be defeated , as explained by a Zoharic parable of a king ( God ) who desired to test the mettle of their son , the prince ( the soul , whose true identity is the nefesh ha'elokit ) . The king hires a beautiful harlot ( the yetzer hara ) to seduce their son , explaining to them that their goal is to test the son . They are to utilize all of their wiles and techniques to ensnare the prince , as anything less would not be a true test . However , inwardly , the harlot wants that the prince should succeed and not succumb to them
Thus , the sole purpose for evil 's existence is to be defeated by humankind , and this is for people 's own benefit .
Levels of conquest
The Tanya explains that it is within the power of all people to at least control the so-called `` garments '' of the soul . These garments are thought , speech and action , and are derived from the verse ( Deuteronomy 30:14 ) , `` For it is exceedingly close to you , in your mouth [ speech ] and heart [ thought ] , to do it [ action ] . '' Once these three garments are wholly devoted to Torah and mitzvot , a person attains the rank of a beinoni , and this is within reach of every person .
A tzadik is a person who has utterly transformed the actual emotions of the nefesh habehamit . That is , instead of changing just the external `` garments '' of the soul , they have transformed the soul 's emotions themselves and actually feel no attachment to worldly desires . Their sole desire is for divine pleasures .
The above , however , describes an `` incomplete tzadik '' in whom a small remnant of evil remains . A `` complete tzadik '' is a person in whom the essential nature of the nefesh habehamit has been transformed , to the extent that the person `` transforms the evil and elevates it to holiness '' , turning `` darkness to light '' . This tzadik feels no attachment to evil .
Relation to human anatomy
The Tanya teaches that the nefesh habehamit is primarily manifest in the left ventricle of heart , and that from there , it spreads throughout the body via the blood . It fights against the nefesh ha'elokit by flooding blood to the brain , where the nefesh ha'elokit resides . The nefesh habehamit itself may be defeated by causing the brain to control the heart , that is , by causing logic to control and guide the emotions . In fact , this is considered the natural state of a person , since in a human the brain is physically positioned above the heart ( in contrast to animals , where the brain and the heart are on the same level ) .
See also
Behemoth ( )
References
Further reading
`` Building Block No . 6 : Nefesh HaBahamis ( Animal Soul ) , Nefesh HoElokis ( G‑dly Soul ) . '' http : //www.chabad.org/library/article_cdo/aid/80970/jewish/Nefesh-HaBahamis-Animal-Soul-Nefesh-HoElokis-G-dly-Soul.htm
Freeman , Tzvi . `` Me and My Body : a Dialogue . '' Heaven Exposed . http : //www.chabad.org/library/article_cdo/aid/740798/jewish/Me-and-My-Body-a-Dialogue.htm
Schneersohn , Shalom Dovber . `` Veyeilech ish mibeit leivi . '' Hemshech Samech-Vov : Yom Tov Shel Rosh Hashanah . pp . 137–46 . ( Hebrew )
Weinberg , Yosef . Lessons in Tanya . ( This contains the full text of the Tanya translated into English , with English commentary translated from Yiddish . It also includes the original Hebrew text of the Tanya . ) Lessons in Tanya : The Tanya of R. Shneur Zalman of Liadi ( 5 Volume Set ) . .
External links
animal soul Animated video
Kabbalah
Hasidic thought
Kabbalistic words and phrases
The Belarus national under-17 football team is the national under-17 football ( soccer ) team of Belarus and is controlled by the Football Federation of Belarus .
UEFA European Under-16/Under-17 Football Championship record
Under-16 format
Under-17 format
{ | class= '' wikitable '' style= '' text-align : center ; ''
! colspan=2 width= '' 200 '' |Finals record
! rowspan=2|
! colspan=8|Qualification record
|-
! Year
! Result
! width=20|
! width=20|Pld
! width=20|W
! width=20|D *
! width=20|L
! width=20|GF
! width=20|GA
! width=25|GD
|-
| 2002||rowspan= '' 2 '' |Did not qualify|| ||2||2||1||0||1||2||6||-4
|-
| 2003 || ||3||3||2||0||1||5||8||-3
|-
| 2004||Elite Round|| ||4||6||1||2||3||7||9||-2
|-
| 2005||Group stage|| ||4||3||1||0||2||2||9||-7
|-
| 2006||rowspan= '' 1 '' |Did not qualify|| ||3||3||1||1||1||1||1||0
|-
| 2007||Elite Round|| ||2||6||3||1||2||12||10||+2
|-
| 2008||rowspan= '' 1 '' |Did not qualify|| ||3||3||1||0||2||6||8||-2
|-
| 2009||Elite Round|| ||3||6||2||1||3||10||7||+3
|-
| 2010||rowspan= '' 1 '' |Did not qualify|| ||3||3||1||0||2||4||3||+1
|-
| 2011||rowspan= '' 3 '' |Elite Round|| ||3||6||3||0||3||20||18||+2
|-
| 2012|| ||3||6||2||2||2||10||7||+3
|-
| 2013|| ||4||5||2||0||3||7||14||-7
|-
| 2014||rowspan= '' 1 '' |Did not qualify|| ||3||3||1||0||2||2||4||-2
|-
| 2015||Elite Round|| ||3||6||3||1||2||7||6||+1
|-
| 2016||rowspan= '' 1 '' |Did not qualify|| ||4||3||0||1||2||3||6||-3
|-
| 2017||Elite Round|| ||3||6||2||1||3||7||9||-2
|-
| 2018||Did not qualify|| ||3||3||1||0||2||4||5||-1
|-
| 2019||Elite Round|| ||3||6||1||3||2||7||12||-5
|-
| 2020||rowspan=2 colspan=9|Cancelled due to COVID-19 pandemic|-
| 2021
|-
| 2022||Did not qualify|| ||3||3||1||1||1||2||1||+1
|-
| 2023||rowspan=2 colspan=9|To be determined|-
| 2024
|-
|Total
|1/17
|
|Best : 1
|85
|32
|14
|39
|130
|140
|−10
| } * Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks . ''
See also
Belarus national football team
Belarus national under-23 football team
Belarus national under-21 football team
Belarus national under-19 football team
References
Under-17
European national under-17 association football teams
Sei achtsam und teile ( = Be aware and share , BAAS ) is a non-profit and independent charity organization founded in Basel in 2015 . In Switzerland , they are responsible for raising awareness and information on the situation in the Souda Refugee Camp , and has donated the Youth and Education Center Refugee Education Chios , thanks to donations donated in Switzerland . The work of the relief organization is supported by volunteers . President of the organization is the social worker Bastian Seelhofer , vice president is the health care specialist Anna Suter . The organization has 17 permanent employees and is based in Frenkendorf .
History
The reactions to a donation call by the social worker Bastian Seelhofer led to the founding of an association and an aid mission on the Croatian-Hungarian border in September 2015 . In autumn and winter 2015 the organization supported refugees in camps and on the borders of Hungary , Croatia , Slovenia and Serbia . The organization decided to be involved on the ground in order to meet the needs of the fugitives in the long term . In February 2016 , for example , they established a presence on the Greek island of Chios , which is on the escape route to Europe . There , they provided refugees with food , medical first aid and emergency aid for arrivals on the coast .
The EU-Turkey Agreement of 18 March 2016 amended the needs of the refugees and the priorities of the relief organization : emergency aid for the transit journey gave way to the longer-term support of people who had to remain on the island . Because offers were missing the aid organization in May 2016 in the areas youth work and education for minors active . They founded the Refugee Education Chios Youth and Education Center , which consists of three facilities for young people and children supported by volunteers in June 2017 .
BAAS was awarded the Reinacher Prize in March 2017 .
In June 2017 the Refugee Education Chios educational project threatens to end , despite the fact that the humanitarian situation continues to worsen according to Seelhofer .
Documentation
The TagesWoche reported at regular intervals on the activities of BAAS . A documentary film about the charity organization was published in February 2016 in Swiss program cinemas . The Schweizer Radio DRS and Al Jazeera reported on the school in Chios in July 2016 .
References
Refugee aid organizations in Europe
The Dagburewe of Idowa is one of the major royal titles which has survived within southern Nigeria for over 300 years .
History
Structurally the Ijebu Native Administration was divided into six districts under district heads . Four of the district heads were crowned , namely ( their towns in parentheses ) , the Akarigbo ( Sagamu ) , Dagburewe ( Idowa ) , Olowu ( Owu ) , and Ajalorun ( Ijebu-Ife ) . The other two were the Bale of Ijebu Igbo and the Olisa , the chief next to the Awujale in Ijebu Ode .
In Ijebu ode- The OLISA of Ijebu Ode starting with PA SENKO ( The first OLISA in 1850 and continuing with their offsprings such as OLISA DISU OLUBAJO btw 1920-1929 during the reigns of Awujale Fesogbade 1917–25 & Awujale Folagbade 1925–29 ) were very important to all the decision making alongside the Awujale 's reign however over time the roles were diminished due to our political and provincial setups .
The Olisa title are now diminished to that of a modern mayor in comparison to today 's setting .
The late Dr Badejo Oluremi Adebonojo Sr . ( M.D . ) helped in the documentation of these historical facts .
Awujale
At the head of the administration was the Awujale , who was designated the Native Authority and invested with statutory executive and legislative powers . They were assisted by a Judicial Council comprising the district heads . In addition to its executive and legislative duties , the Judicial Council functioned as a superior court to the Native Courts , which were presided over by designated town rulers within each court 's area of jurisdiction . The administration was run under the overall supervision of the local British officials
The Adebonojo family hail from the Dagburewe Royal family of Ijebu Idowa , a prominent village in Ijebu province , Ogun State Nigeria . The Adebonojo family are from the Yoruba tribe of southern Nigeria .
Unlike a number of similar names in Nigeria like Adebanjo , Adebisi , etc. , there is only one Adebonojo family who all descend from the lineage of Oba Dagburewe Adebonojo , the Dagburewe of Ijebu Idowa .
Dagburewe
Oba Dagburewe Adebonojo of Ijebu Idowa was a sanitary inspector in the early 1920s ; they were a very educated man who resided in Ijebu Ode . Their surname at the time was Bonojo and they lived on the famous Bonojo Street of Ijebu Ode . Their mother was from Ijebu Idowa while their father was from Ijebu Ode . On the death of the previous Dagburewe , the people of Ijebu Idowa wanted an individual who was educated and was familiar with the colonial governors at the time to ascend to the throne , because Ijebu Idowa was one of the most influential Ijebu communities .
Mr. Samuel Bonojo was deemed as a befitting individual to ascend the throne , even though their claim was via their maternal links , within the Yoruba culture , paternal heritage was deemed to carry more weight , but the kingmakers ( known as Odi 's ) believed the divinities had chosen him . On their ascension Mr S Bonojo added the Ade ( crown ) to their surname therefore bringing about the Adebonojo family name . On their ascension to the throne , they became Oba Dagburewe Adebonojo I , with far reaching powers across Ijebuland and would regularly sit over court proceedings , and often deputise for the Awujale . Oba Dagburewe wore a beaded crown this crown was of significant spiritual relevance and had been passed down from the 17th century . Oba Dagburewe Adebonojo died in the mid-1950s and was survived by four wives and a total of 13 children .
The title , Dagburewe still survives till date as a first class kingship , though diminished in stature due to the decreasing responsibilities of today 's governmental setup . The present Dagburewe of Idowa is Oba Yunusa Adekoya who has two wives and children with grandchildren .
References
Further reading
For further information about the history of Ijebuland , please see the following link .
Ijebu Community Association of USA
Yoruba people
The Laboratoire d'Automatique , Génie Informatique et Signal ( LAGIS ) is a French research laboratory ( UMR CNRS 8146 ) located on the Science campus of the University of Lille . It is hosted in the premises of École centrale de Lille . Since January 2015 , the LAGIS has merged with another laboratory , the Laboratoire d'Informatique Fondamentale de Lille ( LIFL ) . The resulting laboratory is now CRIStAL .
Research history
LAGIS roots date back to year 1957 when the University of Lille started a research laboratory on command and control . Simultaneously , a curriculum was established for students from Lille faculty of sciences and a curriculum elective item on servomechanism for engineer students from École centrale de Lille . These curricula items were later transformed into a control science curriculum .
Historically , research area in Lille were focused on control systems and computer engineering for large scale systems , and the laboratory was named LAIL ( Laboratoire d'automatique et d'informatique industrielle ) at that time . This was due to funding for applied research such as optimal command for ironworks processes , job-shop scheduling and control for manufacturing systems in automobile industry and automated logistic centres , control systems for terrestrial transport systems ( especially for rail transportation systems and automated metro such as VAL ) .
Mecatronics applications have been considered later than expanding control and computer engineering applications wherein the know-how developed in LAGIS laboratory is useful .
Research area
Today , LAGIS academic and applied research roadmap include the following area :
Bond graph
Decision engineering
Continuous and discreet event Dynamical system ; Petri net
Non linear systems
System Safety engineering
Vision and image processing
External links
LAGIS labs site
CRIStAL
See also
Laboratoire d'Informatique Fondamentale de Lille
IFSTTAR Lille-Villeneuve d'Ascq - Institut national de recherche sur les transports et leur sécurité
VAL metro research area
University of Lille Nord de France
Computer science institutes in France
1957 establishments in France
Berillia is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae .
Species within the genus Berillia include :
Berillia boltenioides Brewin , 1952
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
The Streptamer technology allows the reversible isolation and staining of antigen-specific T cells . This technology combines a current T cell isolation method with the Strep-tag technology . In principle , the T cells are separated by establishing a specific interaction between the T cell of interest and a molecule that is conjugated to a marker , which enables the isolation . The reversibility of this interaction and the low temperatures at which it is performed allows for the isolation and characterization of functional T cells .
Because T cells remain phenotypically and functionally indistinguishable from untreated cells , this method offers modern strategies in clinical and basic T cell research .
Classic methods in T cell research
T cells play an important role in the adaptive immune system . They are capable of orchestrating , regulating and coordinating complex immune responses . A wide array of clinically relevant aspects are associated with the function or malfunction of T-cells : Autoimmune diseases , control of viral or bacterial pathogens , development of cancer or graft versus host responses .
Over the past years , various methods ( ELISpot Assay , intracellular cytokine staining , secretion assay ) have been developed for the identification of T cells , but only major histocompatibility complex ( MHC ) procedures allow identification and purification of antigen-specific T cells independent of their functional status .
In principle , MHC procedures are using the T cell receptor ( TCR ) ligand , which is the MHC-peptide complex , as a staining probe . The MHC interacts with the TCR , which in turn is expressed on the T cells . Because TCR-MHC interactions have only a very weak affinity towards each other , monomeric MHC-epitope complexes can not provide stable binding . This problem can be solved by using multimerized MHC-epitopes , which increases the binding avidity and therefore allows stable binding . Fluorochromes conjugated to the MHC-multimers then can be used for identification of T cells by flow cytometry .
Nowadays , MHC molecules can be produced recombinantly together with the antigenic peptides which are known for a fast-growing number of diseases .
The Streptamer technology
The Streptamer backbone
The Streptamer staining principle combines the classic method of T cell isolation by MHC-multimers with the Strep-tag/Strep-Tactin technology . The Strep-tag is a short peptide sequence that displays moderate binding affinity for the biotin-binding site of a mutated streptavidin molecule , called Strep-Tactin . For the Streptamer technology , the Strep-Tactin molecules are multimerized and form the `` backbone '' , thus creating a platform for binding to strep-tagged proteins . Additionally , the Strep-Tactin backbone has a fluorescent label to allow flow cytometry analysis . Incubation of MHC-Strep-tag fusion proteins with the Strep-Tactin backbone results in the formation of a MHC-multimer , which is capable for antigen-specific staining of T cells .
Reversible staining
Because the molecule d-biotin has a much higher affinity to Strep-Tactin than Strep-tag , it can effectively compete for the binding site . Therefore , a MHC multimer based on the interaction of Strep-tag with Strep-Tactin is easily disrupted in the presence of relatively low concentrations of d-biotin . Without the Strep-Tactin backbone , the single MHC-Strep-tag fusion proteins spontaneously detach from the TCR of the T cell , because of weak binding affinities
( monomeric MHC-epitope complexes can not provide stable binding , see above ) .
References
Protein methods
Biotechnology
Molecular biology techniques
Biochemistry
Laboratory techniques
Sven Groeneveld ( born 22 July 1965 ) is a former Dutch professional tennis player and currently coaches Canadian tennis player Bianca Andreescu .
Career
They became a professional tennis player at the age of 19 , but could n't achieve much success . Their highest singles ranking was 826 and highest doubles ranking was 837 in 1986 .
In 1989 they ended their tennis career , and became a coach . They have coached a wide variety of players , including Monica Seles , Arantxa Sánchez Vicario , Mary Pierce , Ana Ivanovic , Caroline Wozniacki , Michael Stich , Greg Rusedski , Nicolas Kiefer , Tommy Haas , Maria Sharapova and Mario Ančić , among others . They are also the former head of the Swiss Tennis federation . Since May 2019 , they have been the coach of Bianca Andreescu .
References
External links
Coach Profile at the Association of Tennis Professionals
1965 births
Living people
Dutch male tennis players
Dutch tennis coaches
Samuel Browne ( c. 1634–1691 ) was an English landowner and MP .
Biography
Samuel Browne was the son of John Brown of Stocken Hall , Stretton in the county of Rutland and a nephew of Samuel Browne ( d. 1668 ) . They were admitted to Emmanuel College , Cambridge in 1650 , and they succeeded their father c. 1639 .
They were appointed a militia commissioner by the Rump Parliament in 1659 , and was M.P . for Rutland in the Convention Parliament of 1660 , ( his more famous and influential uncle was also a member of that parliament , member for the constituency of Bedfordshire ) .
They served as deputy lieutenant for Rutland from 1671 to 1682 and from 1690 until their death and was appointed Sheriff of Rutland for 1676–77 .
Family
They married Anne ( the daughter of John Tighe of Calceby , Lincolnshire ) before 1655 . They had a son who died before them and four daughters who survived him .
Notes
References
English MPs 1660
High Sheriffs of Rutland
Year of birth uncertain
1630s births
1691 deaths
Naas was a constituency represented in the Irish House of Commons to 1801 . The Parliament of Ireland merged with the Parliament of Great Britain to form the Parliament of the United Kingdom on 1 January 1801 . Thereafter Naas was represented by the Members for Kildare .
Members of Parliament
1559–1560 John Sherlock and Henry Draycott
1585 James Sherlock and Walter Lewes
1613–1615 Christopher Sherlock and William Lattin
1634–1635 Christopher Sherlock and William Archbold
1639–1642 Christopher Sherlock ( expelled for non-attendance ) and Nicholas Sutton ( expelled for rebellion )
1642–1649 Dr Dudley Loftus
1661–1662 George Carr and Sir John Hoey
1689–1801
Notes
References
Constituencies of the Parliament of Ireland ( pre-1801 )
Historic constituencies in County Kildare
Naas
1800 disestablishments in Ireland
Constituencies disestablished in 1800
The Canton of Pleine-Fougères is a former canton of France , in the Ille-et-Vilaine département , located in the north of the department . It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015 . It consisted of 11 communes , and its population was 8,475 in 2012 .
References
Former cantons of Ille-et-Vilaine
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Brittany region articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Formosat-2 ( , formerly known as ROCSAT-2 ) is a decommissioned Earth observation satellite formerly operated by the National Space Organization ( NSPO ) of Taiwan . It was a high-resolution photographic surveillance satellite with a daily revisit capability . Images are commercially available from Astrium ( formerly Spot Image ) .
Launch
Formosat-2 was launched on 19 May 2004 , 17:47 UTC from Vandenberg Air Force Base aboard a Taurus XL rocket . It had been delivered to the United States in December 2003 , and had a scheduled launch date on 17 January 2004 . The launch was continually delayed until May 2004 . Formosat-2 was decommissioned in August 2016 .
See also
National Space Organization
2004 in spaceflight
References
External links
Earth observation satellites of Taiwan
Spacecraft launched in 2004
Nevdürr Hanım ( ; died 1947 ; meaning `` the new pearl '' ) was the fifth wife of Sultan Murad V of the Ottoman Empire .
Life
Nevdürr married Murad in the 1870s before their accession to the throne . They remained childless . After Murad ascended the throne on 30 May 1876 , after the deposition of their uncle Sultan Abdulaziz , they were given the title of `` Senior Ikbal '' . After reigning for three months , Murad was deposed on 30 August 1876 , due to mental instability and was imprisoned in the Çırağan Palace . Nevdürr also followed Murad into confinement .
Nevdürr was widowed at Murad 's death in 1904 , after which their ordeal in the Çırağan Palace came to an end . They settled in a mansion located in Kurbağalıdere , Kadıköy . In widowhood , their stipend consisted of 1500 kuruş . However , later , during the reign of Sultan Mehmed V , it was reduced to only 500 kuruş . After which their step-daughter , Hatice Sultan , wrote to Mehmet Cavit Bey , member of the Committee of Union and Progress ( CUP ) , asking them to raise their stipend at least to 800 kuruş .
At the exile of the imperial family in March 1924 , Nevdürr as being the adjunct member of the family decided to stay in Istanbul .
In literature
Nevdürr is a character in Ayşe Osmanoğlu 's historical novel The Gilded Cage on the Bosphorus ( 2020 ) .
See also
Ikbal ( title )
Ottoman Imperial Harem
List of consorts of the Ottoman sultans
References
Sources
1861 births
Year of death unknown
People from Batumi
19th-century consorts of Ottoman sultans
`` Were You There ( When They Crucified My Lord ) '' is an African-American spiritual that was first printed in 1899 . It was likely composed by enslaved African Americans in the 19th century .
It was first published in William Eleazar Barton 's 1899 Old Plantation Hymns . In 1940 , it was included in the Episcopal Church hymnal , making it the first spiritual to be included in any major American hymnal . It is also unique in that it is the only African-American song included in the Catholic Church 's Liturgy of the Hours .
As reported in Howard Thurman 's autobiography , the song was one of Mahatma Gandhi 's favorites . The song has been recorded by artists including Paul Robeson , Marion Williams , Johnny Cash , Roy Acuff , Phil Keaggy , Max Roach , Diamanda Galás , Harry Belafonte , The Seldom Scene , Diamond Version ( with Neil Tennant ) , Bayard Rustin , Rajaton , and Chris Rice . A writer from the Indianapolis News wrote about Paul Robeson 's rendition , saying that `` It was as startling and vivid a disclosure of reverent feeling of penetrating pathos as one could imagine . ''
Lyrics
The following lyrics are those printed in the 1899 Unicorn . Old Plantation Hymns ; other variations exist .
Lyrical analysis
“ Were You There ” utilizes a system of coded language in its lyrics like most , if not all , African-American spirituals . Metaphors , especially those involving Old Testament figures , as well as Jesus , are often central to the meanings of spirituals . “ Were You There ” tells the story of the Crucifixion of Jesus . Underneath this narrative , however , is a metaphor likening Jesus 's suffering to the suffering of slaves .
In some versions of the song , the singer asks “ Were you there when they nailed Him to the Tree ? ” Replacing Jesus ' cross with a tree further strengthens the metaphor between Jesus ' suffering and slaves ' suffering . African-Americans during the antebellum period , and all the way into the Jim Crow era , would have drawn a connection between Jesus nailed to a tree and the frightening prevalence of lynchings in their own lives .
This expression of likening one 's experience to Jesus ' is underscored by the first-person , present-tense perspective of “ Were You There ” ; the singer personally witnesses the crucifixion . The use of first-person pronouns in the spiritual reflects a sense of “ communal selfhood ” formed by African-American slaves in the face of oppression It should also be noted that this particular hymn and the use of the first-person perspective reflects the Christian principle that all of humanity , past , present and future bears the responsibility for their complicity in sin that resulted in the Crucifixion of Jesus Christ .
From a lyrical analysis standpoint , the author may have been asking the question in a literal sense , implying that the event should be remembered as if the listener were physically present .
References
External links
Recording of performance by Paul Robeson
Recording of performance by ReThink Worship
African-American spiritual songs
American Christian hymns
Music based on the Crucifixion of Jesus
Lent
1899 songs
Songwriter unknown
19th-century hymns
United States National Recording Registry recordings
William Jesse Shirley ( July 6 , 1921 – August 27 , 1989 ) was an American actor and tenor/lyric baritone singer who later became a Broadway theatre producer . They are perhaps best known as the speaking and singing voice of Prince Phillip in Walt Disney 's 1959 animated classic Sleeping Beauty and for dubbing Jeremy Brett 's singing voice in the 1964 film version of My Fair Lady .
Early years
William Jesse Shirley was born in Indianapolis , Indiana on July 6 , 1921 . Their father , Luther James Shirley , was a funeral director for Shirley Brothers Mortuaries . Their mother , Inez Shirley ( née Baldwin ) , was a well-known professional pianist . According to the Indianapolis Star , Inez first discovered their son 's talent when they were around the age of five , when one day they began singing along to what they were playing on the piano . They directed them to the founder of the Ogden Chorale , who was taken with the child 's vocal ability , expressive eyes , and `` unusual personality '' for a child of their age . From then on , Billy was known locally as a boy soprano and singing/acting prodigy . They were a very popular boy soloist with the Ogden Chorale , which sang at Christmas and Easter on the steps of the Soldiers ' and Sailors ' Monument . They performed with the Meglin Kiddies and was an active member of the Children 's Civic Theater and the Irvington Playhouse .
At the age of eleven , they traveled with their family to California and was introduced to L. E. Behymer who arranged to introduce them to Sid Grauman . They listened to Billy sing , and the `` boy with the golden voice '' soon appeared in films by 20th Century Fox , Columbia and Paramount Studios . The family owned a dog , a Boston terrier named Buddy . During the time they stayed in California , little Billy often wrote letters home requesting news about their pet .
Some of the boy 's first acting roles were in rare or hard-to-find films , such as The Phantom President ( 1932 ) and As The Devil Commands ( 1933 ) . They sang Christmas carols in As The Devil Commands . Some press reports list the latter film 's name as Acquitted , the name of a previous Columbia film from 1929 .
Bill attended George W. Julian Elementary during their grade school years and attended Shortridge High School in adolescence . Among other things , they became a member of its student council along with such prominent figures as Madelyn Pugh and Kurt Vonnegut Jr. ; they graduated in 1939 . The following year , aged 19 , Bill and their mother moved to Hollywood , where they studied voice and music at the Herbert Wall School of Music . Their singing teacher there , the famous Andrés de Segurola , would accept Shirley as a pupil for no less than six months . Mrs. Shirley lived with their son in Hollywood for sixteen years , and the two went to Indiana to visit family and friends quite often .
They were a 1940 graduate of the Edward Clark Academy , a theater school in Hollywood .
In early 1941 , Shirley was introduced to Republic Studios president Herbert Yates by a mutual friend who worked at the studio and remembered that Shirley used to sing as a child . Shirley sang a few numbers for Yates , and was immediately signed up for a seven-year contract .
Shirley 's roles in the Republic films were usually very small or supporting . They had a small , yet somewhat important , part in Flying Tigers , as a very young pilot who is mortally wounded during their first mission . They appeared in other rare and usually B-list films , such as Doctors Do n't Tell ( 1941 ) , Rookies on Parade ( 1941 ) , Hi'-Neighbor ( 1942 ) , Ice-Capades Revue ( 1942 ) , and Sailors on Leave ( 1941 ) .
Career
After their Army service , they worked in radio and on Broadway . They regularly performed on stage , in summer stock , and on television . They appeared in nightclubs , including a six-week engagement at Monte Proser 's famous Copacabana in early 1947 ,
the Latin Quarter in New York , the Mocambo in Los Angeles , and the Tropicana and Riviera in Las Vegas .
They found work for radio station KFI on two shows called `` Ladies Day '' and `` The Packard Hour '' . In 1949 , they played Dutch Miller on `` The Railroad Hour '' 's presentation of Best Foot Forward , and played the role of the gondolier on episode of Ronald Colman 's `` Favorite Story '' presentation of Edgar Allan Poe 's `` The Assignation '' . In 1947 , they had a part in the musical `` Look Ma I 'm Dancin ' ! '' as `` Shauny O'Shay '' . During the tryout their part was cut severely , prompting them to leave the show . However , recordings of the production 's soundtrack are still available that included Shirley 's vocals , to avoid a potential musicians ' strike . In late 1948 , Darryl Zanuck received a Man-Of-The-Year award in a ceremony at the Mocambo . One scheduled singer was unable to appear , and asked Shirley to substitute for him .
Zanuck heard Bill sing and promptly put them under contract as a ghost singer for 20th Century-Fox . They dubbed vocals for films including Oh , You Beautiful Doll ( 1949 ) ( Mark Stevens ' singing voice ) and Dancing In The Dark ( 1949 ) , but was released by the studio for no known reason a few months later .
Although they had occasional vocal work , Shirley sometimes had difficulty furthering their career . For a while , Shirley performed often with singing actor Gale Robbins . In 1949 , they starred with Robbins in the short-lived Broadway revue `` A La Carte '' . They performed with them on an episode of Movietown Radio Theater ( also known as Skippy Hollywood Theater ) entitled `` Show Business '' . In 1950 , the pair performed as themselves on an episode of the Ed Wynn Show .
In 1952 they got their only leading role onscreen : as Stephen Foster in I Dream of Jeanie , although actor Ray Middleton received the top billing . The same year , they played Bruce Martingale , a singer at a local tavern , in Abbott and Costello Meet Captain Kidd . In late 1952 , they joined a Hollywood USO troupe to entertain soldiers in Korea for the holidays . During this time , they came down with a throat infection which `` worried '' their doctors enough to press them to cancel shows pending a `` possible '' operation . Whether they underwent surgery or not , by February they had recovered enough to be reported past danger , and by April , they had recovered sufficiently enough to take on the role of Johann Strauss , Jr. , in Edwin Lester 's production of `` The Great Waltz '' . Rehearsals began the following month .
They frequently performed with USO troupes , appearing with stars such as Debbie Reynolds and Keenan Wynn .
In November 1955 , they appeared on Arthur Godfrey 's `` Talent Scouts '' show and won first place , although this still did not bring about much publicity or notice that was not localized to their home state .
Sleeping Beauty
Shirley was approached by the Walt Disney Company to provide the speaking and singing voice for the character of Prince Phillip in its animated version of Sleeping Beauty . Shirley 's singing range was tenor/baritone , and had a youthful quality which was ideal for the voice of the young Prince Phillip . Before they were cast as the voices of Aurora and Phillip , Mary Costa and Shirley were asked to audition together to make sure their voices complemented each other . During the film 's production , Shirley and actor Ed Kemmer were used by the Disney animators as live action reference models for Prince Phillip ; the animators had them perform many of the sequences from the movie while they drew the character . They had many rehearsals with Mary Costa , who was also providing the voice for Princess Aurora .
They acted out their parts just as if they were to appear personally in the finished production . The two even kissed for the sound-track cameras . After their voices were recorded , the animators drew every motion of the characters ' lips to fit each enunciated syllable from the actors ' mouths , so that viewers would be able to `` see '' the voices and hear them . The animators would draw sixteen drawings for each syllable formed by the lips . Bill would later remember that they said , `` Whoa , Samson ! '' to a non-existent horse for a whole day before the sound engineers were satisfied with the inflection . And at that point , Samson had not even been sketched as a horse .
Shortly before the film was released , Bill and Mary performed together at the Hollywood Bowl on a Disney themed night in 1958 .
In an interview , Costa recalled that they and the actores playing the fairy godmothers ( Verna Felton , Barbara Jo Allen , and Barbara Luddy ) were endeared to Shirley , their good looks , and their shyness , adding that `` we all had our crushes on him '' and `` he was so shy and we all had just genuine crushes on that Prince . They were really cute . '' In another interview they said , `` We loved to tease him . Verna Felton who played Flora would always creep up behind them with a pencil and act like it was a baton [ wand ] . She 'd do some fairy work on them and say they were going to be the greatest , handsomest , and all of this . '' Shirley and Costa sang the iconic song of the film , '' Once Upon a Dream '' .
Besides the original , there is a version of the song that was unused and unpublished for the film . It contains rare vocals from both performers that differ slightly from those used in the finished product ; this can easily be found on the Internet and the 1997 edition of the VHS . This version is widely considered by fans to be `` prettier '' .
Additional work
Another famous vocal role of Shirley 's ( again as an uncredited ghost singer ) was the singing voice of Freddy Eynsford-Hill ( played by Jeremy Brett ) in the Warner Bros. film of My Fair Lady . Shirley sang one of the film 's most memorable songs , `` On the Street Where You Live '' . For a long while , Brett claimed that they themselves had sung the song and that Mr. Shirley merely `` sweetened the high tones . '' It was not until 1994 that Brett admitted that it was Shirley who sang the song , not him , although Brett claimed that they knew nothing about it until the opening night .
Shirley performed in several Starlight Musical Theater Company productions , such as `` The Great Waltz '' ( 1953 ) , a play in which they portrayed Johann `` Schani '' Strauss II . Florence Henderson was featured as the composer 's love interest . Bill became exceptionally popular with Sacramento 's Music Circus , as reported by such news items as the Sacramento Bee . Older newspaper reports confirm that they apparently received much acclaim for their acting and singing , especially in their portrayals of Johann Strauss Jr. of `` The Great Waltz '' , and Lt. Joseph Cable of `` South Pacific '' .
During the early 1950s , they were a regular guest on Bekins `` Hollywood Music Hall '' with actor Lucille Norman , who had worked with them on `` Sweethearts on Parade '' .
According to reports , Bill Shirley offered their services for humanitarian aid efforts . Some of these include funds and telethons , such as a benefit baseball game for the Marion County Society for Crippled Children and Adults in 1952 , and the groundbreaking ceremony for the Indianapolis Community Hospital , alongside Jean Hersholt and then-Vice President Richard M. Nixon in 1954 .
Bill Shirley is often stated to have retired from acting in 1963 . However , they were a member of the Actors ' Equity Association and continued to perform well after 1963 , especially in industrial shows such as “ Diesel Dazzle ” and “ A Step Ahead ” in 1966 , and returned to play Nat Miller in a Music Circus production of “ Take Me Along ” in 1975 . They had co-produced `` Dames At Sea '' , which introduced Bernadette Peters , in the 1960s .
It is probable that Shirley 's credits are innumerable , but yet unknown as they often received little or no credit for their work .
Death
For the last ten years of their life , they worked with Litton Industries in the real estate department , primarily in Beverly Hills . They retired from the company in May 1989 , three months before their death from lung cancer , at age 68 on August 27 , 1989 , at the Guardian Convalescent Hospital in Los Angeles . They were interred in Indianapolis 's Crown Hill Cemetery .
Filmography
The Phantom President ( 1932 ) - Bit
As the Devil Commands ( 1933 ) - Orphan
Rookies on Parade ( 1941 ) - Bill
Ice-Capades ( 1941 ) - bit role ( uncredited )
Doctors Do n't Tell ( 1941 ) - Tom Wayne
Sailors on Leave ( 1941 ) - Bill Carstairs
Mercy Island ( 1941 ) - Guide ( uncredited )
Hi , Neighbor ( 1942 ) - Dick
Flying Tigers ( 1942 ) - Dale
Ice-Capades Revue ( 1942 ) - Denny
Three Little Sisters ( 1944 ) - Pvt . Ferguson ( as William Shirley )
Dancing in the Dark ( 1949 ) - Singer of title song over opening credits ( uncredited )
Oh , You Beautiful Doll ( 1949 ) - dubbed singing voice for Mark Stevens ( uncredited )
Come to the Stable ( 1949 ) - Male tenor singer with Twentieth Century-Fox Studio Orchestra ( movie trailer only , unseen , uncredited )
Nancy Goes to Rio ( 1950 ) - Dubbed voice of tenor in operetta - ( uncredited )
The Ed Wynn Show ( S1 Episode 27 ) ( 1950 ) - Himself
With a Song in My Heart ( 1952 ) - ( partially dubbed singing voice for Richard Allan ; uncredited )
I Dream of Jeanie ( 1952 ) - Stephen Foster
Abbott and Costello Meet Captain Kidd ( 1952 ) - Bruce Martingale
Sweethearts on Parade ( 1953 ) - Bill Gamble
Sleeping Beauty ( 1959 ) - Prince Phillip ( voice )
My Fair Lady ( 1964 ) - Freddy Eynsford-Hill ( singing voice , uncredited )
References
External links
1921 births
1989 deaths
20th-century American male actors
20th-century American singers
American male film actors
American male musical theatre actors
Burials at Crown Hill Cemetery
Deaths from cancer in California
Deaths from lung cancer
Male actors from Indianapolis
Musicians from Indianapolis
Shortridge High School alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army soldiers
A German tradition of decorating trees and bushes with Easter eggs is known as the Ostereierbaum , or Easter egg tree . A notable example is the Saalfelder Ostereierbaum ( Saalfeld Easter egg tree ) in Saalfeld , Thuringia .
History
The tradition in Germany to decorate the branches of trees and bushes with eggs for Easter are centuries old , but its origins have been lost . The egg is an ancient symbol of life all over the world . Eggs are hung on branches of outdoor trees and bushes and on cut branches inside . The custom is found mostly in Germany , Austria and German-speaking Switzerland , but also in other German-influenced places such as Ukraine , Poland , Czech Republic , Hungary , Moravia , and the Pennsylvania Dutch region of the United States . Egg trees are also sometimes decorated on May Day , Christmas , Whitsun , and the summer solstice . Other German Easter traditions include the dressing of public wells as Osterbrunnen , Osterhasen ( Easter Hares ) and Osterfeuer ( Easter bonfires ) .
Saalfelder Ostereierbaum
An exceptional example is Saalfelder Ostereierbaum , an apple tree in the garden of Volker Kraft in Saalfeld , Thuringia . Kraft and their family have been decorating the tree since 1965 , starting with just 18 plastic eggs . This had been a childhood dream of Volker Kraft since they saw their first Easter `` tree '' , a lilac bush which they passed on the way to school as a youth in 1945 . By 1994 the Krafts had increased the number of eggs to about 350 pieces . As the tree grew , they needed more eggs for decorating . The Krafts blew out almost all the eggs used in their household during the year and reused the eggs each year .
Between 1994 and 2009 , the family hung an annual average of 700 new Easter eggs on the tree , but due to losses by storm and vandalism , the net annual average increase was 590 eggs . In 2012 there were over 10,000 eggs on the Easter egg tree , and Kraft said that they would not try to hang more . The tree in Saalfeld does not hold the record for the most eggs on one tree . That honor belongs to the Rostock Zoo , which in April 2007 decorated a red oak with 79,596 blown and painted eggs , which earned it an entry in Guinness World Records .
In 1995 , a ver.di training center was built in the immediate vicinity , bringing more visitors and national fame to the Kraft Easter egg tree . Beginning in 2003 newspapers from the Netherlands , Kuwait , Austria , Spain , Australia , Thailand , US , and South Africa began reporting on the Kraft Easter egg tree . Crowds of visitors have continuously come since then . The entrance is free , but for curiosity the visitors were counted in 2011 as about 8,000 .
Decoration
Depending on the weather and the date of Easter , the family begins hanging eggs on the tree between late February and late March , roughly four weeks before Easter . In 2009 it took them nine days to decorate the tree ; the task involved family members , especially Volker Kraft , their wife Christa , and daughter Gabriela Rumrich . They use ladders to reach the heights of the tree , and hang the eggs working from the inside near the trunk to outside of the tree branches , and from top to bottom . They remove the eggs before the leaves grow to prevent damage to the tree .
Design of the eggs
All eggs are mouth-blown . Some are sprayed with one or more multicolored patterns . Some eggs are painted with motifs found in the city , such as the city gates or the home-museum , but world-famous buildings are also used as motifs . Many eggs are covered in crochet and protected against further weathering . New themes are used every year . They perforate some eggs for decoration , and others are enhanced with clay for transformation to shapes such as frogs , turtles , hedgehogs , and hot air balloons .
Some visitors bring their own eggs and donate them to the tree , and eggs from foreign countries are represented . Especially precious eggs are shown in a protective display case .
Closure in 2015 and legacy
According to the official website , 2015 is the final year of the Saalfelder Ostereierbaum , as per the following announcement : `` The garden will remain closed from 07.04.2015 forever . ''
As of early 2016 , most of the eggs were given away to a local entity which plans to decorate a different tree in the Schlosspark in Saalfeld . However , the Kraft and Rumrich families wo n't be participating anymore .
Other Uses
There is also evidence of egg trees being used for purposes other than Easter commemoration . By all odds the most striking barrier against witches is the so-called egg tree . Usually it is just a little dead bush with the branches closely trimmed , and literally covered with carefully blown eggshells . There are hundreds of eggshells on a really fine egg tree , which often requires years to perfect . It is set firmly in the ground near the cabin , a favorite place being under a big cedar in the front yard . Just how the egg tree is supposed to drive off witches I was never able to learn .
See Also
Shoe tree
Panty tree
Christmas tree
References
External links
Official site of the Saalfelder Ostereierbaum
Largest Easter Egg Tree
The Easter Egg Tree
Easter traditions in Germany
Easter egg
Glenmacoffer is a townland in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland . It is situated in the barony of Strabane Upper and the civil parish of Bodoney Lower and covers an area of 2703 acres .
The name derives from the Irish : Gleann Mhic Cathbhairr ( M'Caffer 's glen , after a man found dead there ) .
In 1841 the population of the townland was 533 people ( 104 houses ) and in 1851 it was 453 people ( 92 houses ) .
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument : two Standing stones ( grid ref : H5299 8629 ) leaning in different directions , each some 1.8m high and 1.5m wide .
See also
List of townlands of County Tyrone
List of archaeological sites in County Tyrone
References
Townlands of County Tyrone
Archaeological sites in County Tyrone
The Flaming Forest is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Reginald Barker and starring Antonio Moreno and Renée Adorée . The film is based on the novel of the same name by James Oliver Curwood , and was produced by Cosmopolitan Productions and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer . A two-color Technicolor sequence was shot for a climactic blaze sequence featured in the film .
This is a preserved film at the Library of Congress .
Plot
North-West Mounted Police sergeant David Carrigan ( Antonio Moreno ) fights Indians and woos Jeanne-Marie ( Renée Adorée ) .
Cast
Antonio Moreno as Sergeant David Carrigan
Renée Adorée as Jeanne-Marie
Gardner James as Roger Audemard
William Austin as Alfred Wimbledon
Tom O'Brien as Mike
Emile Chautard as André Audemard
Oscar Beregi , Sr. as Jules Lagarre
Clarence Geldart as Major Charles McVane
Frank Leigh as Lupin
Charles Ogle as Donald McTavish
Roy Coulson as François
D'Arcy McCoy as Bobbie
Claire McDowell as Mrs. McTavish
Bert Roach as Sloppy
Mary Jane Irving as Ruth McTavish
See also
List of early color feature films
References
External links
The Flaming Forest at SilentEra
1926 films
1926 drama films
1920s color films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films based on American novels
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Silent films in color
Northern ( genre ) films
Royal Canadian Mounted Police in fiction
Early color films
Films based on novels by James Oliver Curwood
Films directed by Reginald Barker
1920s American films
This Man Is Dangerous ( French : Cet homme est dangereux ) is a 1953 French thriller film directed by Jean Sacha and starring Eddie Constantine , Colette Deréal and Grégoire Aslan . It is an adaptation of Peter Cheyney 's 1936 novel This Man Is Dangerous . It followed the film La môme vert-de-gris which had been Eddie Constantine 's debut as Lemmy Caution and it was also successful at the box office .
The film 's sets were designed by the art director Jean d'Eaubonne .
Synopsis
Lemmy Caution is assigned to neutralise the international crimininal network of villain Siégella ( Grégoire Aslan ) as an undercover agent . In order to infiltrate the gang they pretend to be an escapee . During their covert investigations at the French Riviera they get to know a beauty named Constance ( Colette Deréal ) who is associated with Mister Siégella . Lemmy can convince them that they would help to kidnap the rich American heiress Miranda Van Zelden ( Claude Borelli ) . Once Lemmy has obtained enough proof to have Siégella convicted , they inform Interpol . After they have sent documents to Interpol , their cover is blown and they have to fight for their life .
Cast
Eddie Constantine as Lemmy Caution
Colette Deréal as Constance
Grégoire Aslan as Siegella
Claude Borelli as Miranda Van Zelden
Véra Norman as Susanne
Jacqueline Pierreux as Dora
Roland Bailly as Johny
Guy Decomble as Jacques le Dingue
Luc Andrieux as Maurice
Henry Djanik as William Bosco
Émile Genevois as L'athlète
Colette Mareuil as L'entraîneuse
Michel Nastorg as Govas
Michel Seldow as Pierrot les Cartes
References
Bibliography
Goble , Alan . The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film . Walter de Gruyter , 1999 .
External links
Cet homme est dangereux - French Gallery
1953 films
1950s French-language films
Films based on British novels
French black-and-white films
Films directed by Jean Sacha
French thriller films
1950s thriller films
1950s French films
Ilbesheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
In Amber is the fifth studio album by Hercules and Love Affair , released digitally and physically on 17 June 2022 by Skint Records/BMG . The band 's founder , singer and musician , Andy Butler worked again with singer Anohni ( previously of Antony and the Johnsons ) : Anohni appeared on several tracks , including the singles `` Poisonous Storytelling '' , and `` One '' . `` Grace '' , the first song released ahead of the album , was sung by Butler with Icelandic singer Elin Ey .
AllMusic wrote that In Amber , `` pivoted away from upbeat , dance-oriented tracks into a more reflective style . Featuring Anohni for the first time since 2008 , the record channeled emotions such as anger , fear , and sadness while retaining the pristine production that Butler has cultivated throughout theirs career '' .
Background , writing and recording
Anohni suggested Andy Butler that they worked songs together . They ended up composing half of the tracks together . Butler then showed other songs they were writing and they realised that they wanted to record as a Hercules and Love Affair project .
The album was conceived over a period of five years . At a certain point they `` started thinking about the texture of percussion , something with humanity that might complement the content of the songs '' . Anohni suggested that they record with drummer Budgie of Siouxsie and the Banshees and the Creatures . Anohni stated : `` It had this kind of perfection that was almost sugary . Budgie , as a drummer , completely epitomises that volatile , volcanic texture of creation , but also has a very exquisite form '' . `` He found ways to articulate quite a feminine violence , or a feminine exuberance ; a strength , a really fortified , agile , threatening at times power '' .
Multi instrumentalist Reinhard Vanbergen joined in for the sessions and Butler asked Icelandic singer Elin Ey ( complete name Elin Eyþórsdóttir ) to do backing vocals on the single `` Grace '' and the lead on `` Dissociation '' . Anohni suggested that Butler sings more than two songs on the album . It is the first time on Butler 's career that they opened an album with them on vocals . Butler wanted to express new things in the songs : `` there are emotional fields I had n't ventured into previously [ ... ] Destruction , rage , loss , but also redemption and journeying towards empowerment . '' Butler pictured the album as dance music with rage and existential contemplation .
The album was different from previous Hercules and Love Affair works . Music journalist Dean Mayo Davies wrote that In Amber was about 'contemplating the inevitability of mortality , and trying to find peace within that fact '' . Butler stated they needed to express their discomfort and could not make something comfortable : `` making a 90 's sounding techno or house record , or an odd 80 's sounding dance track was not anything I needed to do '' .
Journalist Martin Aston noted that there were echoes of This Mortal Coil on the record , plus thudding drums which are traces of dark post-punk , which was one of the genres Butler listened to during their `` traumatised teenage years '' .
Release and formats
In Amber was released 17 June 2022 on digital , CD and double black vinyl via Skint Records/BMG . The double vinyl is housed in a gatefold sleeve .
Two limited editions , one on 'Gold ' double vinyl and another one on 'Transparent Grey ' double vinyl , are available from selected shops and webstores including Rough Trade , Hmv and the official website . The 'Transparent Grey ' double vinyl edition whi is limited to 300 copies , is only available via Roughtrade .
Critical reception
The Arts Desk dubbed the record `` a masterpiece of dark music for dark times '' . Reviewer Joe Muggs wrote that the album brought `` stunning results '' , dealing with dark subjects such as `` alienation , mistrust , violent homophobia , abuse , religious terror , war '' but there was also `` redemption , strength and love '' inside the songs . Muggs added that `` the doomed and the hopeful are inseparable , and the tang of each is emphasised by the other ... and musically , the mood is just as finely balanced '' before concluding `` it 's a truly beautiful piece of work '' . In a four out of 5-star review , Mojo said that Hercules and Love Affair went dark while adding that In Amber was `` frequently beautiful '' . Reviewer Martin Aston remarked that Butler was `` impressively stentorian '' and they alternate with Anohni . They added that In Amber was as much Anohni 's record as his . In a review rated eight out of ten , Uncut praised the album saying , there is `` plenty of solace to be found in performances by Iceland 's Elin Ey and the ever-remarkable Anohni '' .
Davies of Another Magazine wrote that `` The best dance or electronic music often carries a melancholy '' and In Amber sees Hercules and Love Affair pushing to new territory . The Quietus wrote that there is `` a wealth of sophistication in the spacious arrangements '' and `` a richness to the timbres that play central roles in the compositions '' . Reviewer Zara Hedderman wrote that on `` all of the songs from In Amber , this is an immediately enveloping composition which retains its power after countless listens '' . The Line of Best Fit wrote that `` the album marks a break with the past but ... its move ... feels totally natural and necessary '' . Music journalist Simon Heavisides praised the `` spine tingling backing vocals from Icelander Elin Ey '' on the single `` One '' and the songs featuring Anohni saying , `` few singers could handle with the requisite gravity but at the same time convey the beauty within what may appear a stark lyric '' .
Ken Scrudato wrote that the album was `` a deeply reflective meditation '' on troubling times , while nothing there was a `` genuine optimism shining through the sonic solemnity '' of the opening song `` Grace '' . In a review rated 6.7 out of ten , Pitchfork wrote :
`` Stripping away the dancefloor euphoria of their most recognizable work , Andy Butler 's latest is a moody left-turn highlighted by some winning collaborations with Anohni '' .
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
Andrew Butler - vocals , all instruments
Anohni - vocals ( `` One '' , `` Christian Prayers '' , `` Contempt for You '' , `` Killing Their Family '' , `` Who Will Save Us '' , `` Poisonous Storytelling '' )
Elin Eyþórsdóttir - vocals ( `` Dissociation '' ) , backing vocals ( `` One '' )
Budgie - drums
Reinhard Vandergen - mandola , guitar , bass , strings , timpani , strings recording
Fitzroy Madsen - saxophone ( `` Killing Their Family '' )
Gilles Demolder - guitar ( `` Christian Prayers '' )
Michael Ungerer - drums recording at Blackbird Studios , Berlin
Francesco Donadello - drums recording at Vox-Ton , Berlin
Charts
References
External links
Official website for `` In Amber
Hercules and Love Affair 's Official website
2022 albums
Hercules and Love Affair albums
Marina Anatolyevna Pankova née Nikulina ( ; 3 March 1963 – 4 November 2015 ) was a Russian volleyball player , who was a member of the Soviet team that won the gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
External links
1963 births
2015 deaths
People from Bratsk
Soviet women 's volleyball players
Russian women 's volleyball players
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic volleyball players of the Soviet Union
Olympic volleyball players of the Unified Team
Olympic volleyball players of Russia
Olympic silver medalists for the Unified Team
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Competitors at the 1994 Goodwill Games
Goodwill Games medalists in volleyball
Galatasaray S.K . ( women 's volleyball ) players
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate volleyball players in Spain
Expatriate volleyball players in Turkey
Sportspeople from Irkutsk Oblast
The Andaman teal ( Anas albogularis ) is a species of duck endemic to the Andaman archipelago in the Bay of Bengal . The species was formerly considered as a subspecies of the Sunda teal .
Taxonomy
The first formal description of the Andaman teal was by the English ornithologist Allan Octavian Hume in 1873 under the binomial name Mareca albogularis . It is now placed with many other dabbling ducks in the genus Anas . It was formerly considered as a subspecies of the Sunda teal ( Anas gibberifrons ) that is found in Indonesia .
Description
The species is dark brown with buffy markings . The face and throat are pale with a white ring around the eye . The bill is bluish grey and the iris is red .
Distribution and habitat
Andaman teals are endemic to the Andaman Islands ( India ) and Great Coco Island ( Burma ) . They are found in inland pools as well as mangroves and lagoons . A population estimate of 500 to 600 individuals was made in a survey conducted in 1995–98 , and 674 were counted in 2005 . Their population has been on the increase for the last few decades , and was most recently estimated in 2014 to have slightly more than 1,000 individuals .
Behaviour
They feed at night in rice fields . The breeding season is July to October and nests in reed patches . The nest is made of grass and about nine eggs forms the clutch . They were formerly considered breeding in tree hollows but recent studies found no evidence . They feed mainly on molluscs and arthropods .
References
Andaman teal
Birds of the Andaman Islands
Andaman teal
The National People 's Congress Overseas Chinese Affairs Committee ( ) is one of nine special committees of the National People 's Congress , the national legislature of the People 's Republic of China . The special committee was created during the first session of the 6th National People 's Congress in June 1983 , and has existed for every National People 's Congress since .
Chairpersons
References
Overseas Chinese Affairs Committee
Sylvia was an unincorporated community in Raleigh County , West Virginia , United States .
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Raleigh County , West Virginia
Coal towns in West Virginia
Marshall Cirque ( ) is an ice-filled cirque , wide , located 1 nautical mile southwest of Kienle Cirque on the west side of White Island , in the Ross Archipelago , Antarctica . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( 1999 ) after Dianne L. Marshall of the Geophysical Institute at the University of Alaska , Fairbanks , who investigated the volcanic activity and seismicity of nearby Mount Erebus in 1981–82 and 1982–83 .
References
Cirques of Antarctica
Landforms of the Ross Dependency
White Island ( Ross Archipelago )
Phew is the debut album by Japanese singer Phew , released in June 1981 by Japanese label Pass Records run by Yoshitaka Goto and recorded at Conny Plank studio in Cologne , with Holger Czukay & Jaki Liebezeit in January and February 1981 .
Track listing
References
External links
1981 debut albums
Samuel Autey Cookson ( 6 September 1868 , Chorley , Lancashire , England , UK – 27 February 1947 , Bridgwater , Somerset , England , UK ) , known as S.A. Cookson , was an English stage and film actor . They appeared in the 1899 film King John , adapted by Herbert Beerbohm Tree .
External links
1868 births
1947 deaths
People from Chorley
Male actors from Lancashire
English male stage actors
English male silent film actors
20th-century English male actors
The Carlebach movement is an Orthodox Jewish movement inspired by the legacy of Rabbi Shlomo Carlebach . The Carlebach movement has promoted a form of Jewish worship , colloquially known as `` Carlebach nusach '' ( Carlebach liturgy ) . One of the centers of the movement is Mevo Modi'im ( the `` Carlebach moshav '' ) in Israel .
Origins
The movement originates with the founding of The House of Love and Prayer , a synagogue founded by Rabbi Carlebach , inspired by the counterculture of the 1960s . Rabbi Carlebach called their followers `` holy hippielech '' ( `` holy hippies '' ) . Many of Carlebach 's followers soon began practicing Judaism according to the Orthodox tradition .
Founding
Carlebach founded a Moshav settlement in Mevo Modi'im , Israel . A number of their followers continue to live there today . The Moshav is commonly referred to as the `` Carlebach Moshav '' .
After Carlebach 's death
Following Rabbi Carlebach 's death , their followers organized a number of commemorative events , paying tribute to their deceased leader . These events included both traditional Jewish mourning events ( i.e . the Shiva , Shloshim and Yahrtzeit ) , as well as concerts and Friday night services incorporating songs composed by Rabbi Carlebach .
Carlebach 's legacy also inspired the creation of a musical presented by the National Yiddish Theatre titled `` The House of Love and Prayer '' . Carlebach 's daughter , Neshama Carlebach was among the production 's collaborators . And a Broadway musical , titled Soul Doctor : Journey of a Rockstar Rabbi , recently ran in New Orleans , Miami , and New York City .
The movement today
The Carlebach movement does not have a centralized leadership , and no legal entity represents the movement at large . Also , the movement is not homogenous ; while Carlebach 's initial following was composed mostly of former non-Orthodox Jews , today , their followers originate from various Orthodox communities , including Hasidic ones . Carlebach followers are located around the world , usually near existing Orthodox communities .
Carlebach synagogues
Since Carlebach 's death , a number of Orthodox synagogues have adapted their liturgical style to incorporate Carlebach tunes and customs . In some cases , synagogues are formed exclusively for this purpose , and have attracted Jews from non-Carlebach communities . There are believed to be over 100 Carlebach synagogues around the world .
See also
Carlebach minyan
Nusach
References
External links
The Carlebach Shul Official Website
Jewish religious movements
Shlomo Carlebach
Bremen is an unincorporated community in Jo Daviess County , Illinois , United States . Bremen is southeast of Galena .
References
Unincorporated communities in Jo Daviess County , Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Jack Schofield ( 30 October 1947 – 31 March 2020 ) was a British technology journalist . They wrote the Ask Jack column for The Guardian and preceding that covered technology for the newspaper from 1983 to 2010 . They edited photography and computing periodicals and produced a number of books on photography and on computing , including The Darkroom Book ( 1981 ) .
They died on 31 March 2020 at the age of 72 , following a heart attack on 27 March .
Career
Schofield edited various photography magazines during the 1970s : Photo Technique , Film Making , You & Your Camera ( a partwork ) , and Zoom as well as the journal of the Royal Photographic Society , The Photographic Journal .
In 1983 , they started writing a weekly computer column in Futures Micro Guardian , from its first issue , in The Guardian . They also became editor of the monthly Practical Computing in 1984 . In September 1985 they joined The Guardian 's staff to launch Computer Guardian , the newspaper 's weekly computer supplement . They continued to cover technology for The Guardian until 2010 when they switched to solely writing the newspaper 's Ask Jack column .
Schofield also wrote on computing for Reuters and blogged for ZDNet . They produced a number of books on photography and on computing .
Whilst working for The Guardian , Schofield published what they referred to as their Laws of Computing which sought to help people understand the consequences of decisions about their data :
Never put data into a program unless you can see exactly how to get it out
Data does n't really exist unless you have two copies of it
The easier it is for you to access your data , the easier it is for someone else to access your data
Publications
The Darkroom Book : the comprehensive step-by-step guide to processing your colour or black-and-white photographs . Schofield was consulting editor .
London : Spring , 1981 , 1982 . Feltham , UK : Newnes , 1983. .
New York : Ziff Davis , 1981. .
New York : Amphoto , 1981 , 1985 , 1987 , 1988. .
Photographing People . Littlehampton Book Services , 1982. .
Nude and Glamour Photography . You & Your Camera Photography Series . Glasgow : Collins , 1981 , 1982 . Schofield was consultant editor . .
How Famous Photographers Work . New York : Amphoto , 1983 . Edited by Schofield . .
Improve Your Camera Techniques . Feltham , UK : Newnes , 1985 . Edited by Schofield . .
The Guardian Guide to Microcomputing . Oxford , UK ; New York : Blackwell , 1985 . Hardback , . Paperback , . `` A selection of the author 's columns from the MicroFutures page of the Guardian , rewritten and revised '' .
The Hutchinson Dictionary of Computing , Multimedia , and the Internet . By Schofield , Wendy M. Grossman and David Goul . Oxford , UK : Helicon , 1996 , 1997. .
References
External links
Schofield 's profile page at The Guardian
1947 births
2020 deaths
British male journalists
British magazine editors
The Guardian journalists
Elections to the French National Assembly were held in French Dahomey on 10 November 1946 . The territory elected a single member to the Assembly . Sourou-Migan Apithy was the only candidate , and was elected unopposed . Voter turnout was 59.1 % .
Results
References
Elections in Benin
Dahomey
1946 in French Dahomey
1946-11
1946 elections in France
`` Replay '' ( ) is the debut single by South Korean boy band Shinee , recorded for the extended play of the same name . It was released on May 22 , 2008 , through SM Entertainment . A Japanese version of the song was later released on June 22 , 2011 , through EMI Music Japan .
Background and release
On May 19 , 2008 , SM Entertainment announced the formation of their new boy band , Shinee . Described as a `` contemporary band '' , the group was composed of five teenagers and was intended to set trends in music , fashion and dance . A teaser for the music video of their debut single , `` Replay '' , was released the same day . The song and its accompanying music video were released on May 22 , alongside the EP of the same name . The music video features Victoria of f ( x ) as the female lead . The choreography was created by Rino Nakasone . The music video was remastered in 4K and was re-released on April 20 , 2022 .
`` Replay '' is a contemporary R & B song written and produced by The Heavyweights in collaboration with Young-hu Kim and Yoo Young-jin . The lyrics are from the perspective of a young man in love with an older woman . The line , `` Noona ( older sister ) , you 're so pretty '' , directly targets the adult female demographic . The group took an entire day to record the song , finding it unexpectedly challenging and vocal-driven . Prior to their debut , three of the group 's five members were training to be rappers ; only Jonghyun and Onew were vocalists . The youngest member , Taemin , did not feature on the song at all .
Promotion
Shinee performed `` Replay '' for the first time on the music program Inkigayo on May 25 , 2008 . The performance attracted over 800 fans , and the group held an event afterwards at a nearby park where they handed out lollipops . They also performed at the 2008 Dream Concert on June 7 .
Critical reception
Writing in 2008 , Jo I-seul of IZM described `` Replay '' as a `` trendy '' and `` high-quality '' song , but did not find it lived up to the originality implied by Shinee 's `` contemporary band '' label . Retrospectively , `` Replay '' has met with more positive reviews . It was named one of the top 100 K-pop songs of all time by a panel of 35 music critics and industry experts in association with Melon and the Seoul Shinmun . According to music critic Kim Yun-ha , `` Replay '' laid the foundation for Shinee 's `` unique identity '' , and carries the `` mint-coloured freshness '' that the public associates with the group . Park Chang-young of Maeil Business Newspaper stated that `` Replay '' `` opened a new chapter in idol music '' . Writing for Marie Claire , Quinci LeGardye called the song `` one of the best idol debuts ever '' .
Accolades
Japanese version
A Japanese version of `` Replay '' , titled `` Replay ( Kimi wa Boku no Everything ) '' , was released on June 22 , 2011 , featuring the Japanese version of `` Hello '' as a B-side . Yoona of Girls ' Generation appeared in the music video . Shinee celebrated its release with a live showcase at Abbey Road Studios in London , becoming the first Asian artists to perform there . The single sold over 91,000 copies in the first week , setting a new sales record for the Japanese debut single of a Korean group . It was certified Gold by RIAJ for selling over 100,000 copies , the first debut single by a Korean male group to do so . The song was later included on Shinee 's first Japanese album , The First .
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Replay .
Recording
Recorded and mixed at SM Boomingsystem
Recorded at SM Blue Ocean Studio
Mastered at Sonic Korea
Personnel
Shinee – vocals , background vocals
Young-hu Kim – lyrics , directing , vocal directing , recording
The Heavyweights – composition , arrangement
Yoo Young-jin – arrangement , directing , vocal directing , background vocals , recording , mixing
KAT – recording
Cheon Hoon – mastering
Charts
Korean version
Japanese version
Sales and certifications
Release history
References
2008 debut singles
2008 songs
Korean-language songs
Shinee songs
SM Entertainment singles
Stenoma bisignata is a moth of the family Depressariidae . It is found in French Guiana .
The wingspan is 23–24 mm . The forewings are whitish-lilac fuscous , with the costal edge white . The stigmata are black , the plical and first discal large and round , the plical obliquely posterior , the second discal small . There are indistinct fuscous spots on the costa at the middle and four-fifths , where cloudy irregular curved dentate fuscous lines run almost to the same point on the dorsum towards the tornus . There is a terminal series of blackish dots . The hindwings are pale greyish ochreous , the dorsal half sometimes suffused with light grey and the apex sometimes narrowly grey .
References
Moths described in 1916
Stenoma
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Home Daughters ( ) is a patriotic youth paramilitary organization in Estonia , established in 1932 at Estonian Defence League . It is not a defence organisation .
In 1939 , there were registered 19,601 Home Daughters .
In 1940 , the organisation was eliminated due to the Soviet occupation of Estonia .
In 1991 , the organisation was re-established after the restoration of Estonian independence .
In 2021 , there were registered ~4500 Home Daughters .
Leaders ( ) :
1933-1940 Salme Pruuden
1992-1999 Maret Lepik
1999-2002 Anne Eenpalu
2002-2018 Angelika Naris
2018- ... Ave Proos
See also
Scouting and Guiding in Estonia
References
External links
Youth organizations based in Estonia
Military of Estonia
is an athlete from Japan . They compete in the triathlon .
Hosoya competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . They did not finish the competition .
References
1973 births
Living people
Japanese female triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Japan
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
20th-century Japanese women
21st-century Japanese women
Joe Cassells ( born 10 October 1954 ) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer . Their league and championship career with the senior Meath county team spanned sixteen seasons from 1974 to 1990 .
Born in Navan , County Meath , Cassells first excelled as a Gaelic footballer at club level with Navan O'Mahony 's . In a club career that spanned three decades they won a record eight county senior championship medals . Cassells also won two county senior championship medals as a hurler .
Cassells made their debut on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when they were selected for the Meath minor team . They enjoyed one championship season with the minor team , ending the year as a Leinster medal winner . Cassells subsequently joined the Meath under-21 team , however , they enjoyed little success in this grade . They made their debut with the Meath senior team during the 1974 championship . Over the course of the next sixteen years , Cassells won back-to-back All-Ireland medals , beginning in 1987 before collecting a second as captain of the team in 1988 . They also won four Leinster medals and two National Football League medals . Cassells played their last game for Meath in September 1990 .
As a regular member of the Leinster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions , Cassells won back-to-back Railway Cup medals in 1985 and 1986 .
In retirement from playing , Cassells became involved in team management and coaching .
Cassells is the younger brother of trade union leader Peter Cassells .
Career statistics
Honours
Navan O'Mahony 's
Meath Senior Football Championship ( 8 ) : 1973 , 1979 , 1981 , 1985 , 1987 , 1988 , 1989 , 1990
Meath Senior Hurling Championship ( 2 ) : 1985 , 1986
Meath
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship ( 2 ) : 1987 , 1988 ( c )
Leinster Senior Football Championship ( 4 ) : 1986 ( c ) , 1987 , 1988 ( c ) , 1990
National Football League ( 2 ) : 1974-75 , 1987-88 ( c )
Centenary Cup ( 1 ) : 1984 ( c )
Leinster Minor Football Championship ( 1 ) : 1972
Leinster
Railway Cup ( 2 ) : 1985 , 1986
References
1954 births
Living people
All-Ireland-winning captains ( football )
Meath inter-county Gaelic footballers
Navan O'Mahoneys Gaelic footballers
Leinster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
People from Navan
Winners of two All-Ireland medals ( Gaelic football )
George McCulloch ( 23 April 1848 , in Glasgow – 12 December 1907 , in London ) was a British business person and art collector who was the mastermind behind the formation of the Broken Hill Mining Company , a precursor of BHP . They were the son of James McCulloch , a contractor , and Isabella Robertson , a farmer 's daughter . George 's father died of cholera in January 1849 when George was one year old , and they were brought up by their mother , who was assisted by their uncle John Robertson , a farmer .
Early life and shipbuilding
As a young man , circa 1865 , McCulloch travelled to Uruguay , South America where their older brothers , John and Allan , were stockmen . At age 21 , they returned to Glasgow and , in 1869 , formed a partnership with James Patterson , leasing a shipyard at Port Glasgow . McCulloch Patterson and Co. , shipbuilders , built several vessels , including the Isabel , Vale of Doon , Loch Dee , Vale of Nith , Firth of Clyde , Maitland , and the Loch Urr , though they made a small loss on most of these vessels ; the pair were eventually forced to file for bankruptcy in February 1871 .
Sheep farming in Australia
In May 1871 McCulloch sailed for Melbourne , Australia , where their cousin , Sir James McCulloch , was a prosperous merchant and politician .
About 1875 , their cousin gave them a job as manager of the Mount Gipps Sheep Station in New South Wales , which extended to approximately 400,000 acres of land leased from the government . George was also given a 1/8 share in the Mount Gipps Pastoral and Mineral Company by McCulloch Sellar and Co. , in which James McCulloch was a partner .
The Broken Hill Mine
By chance , in 1883 , their boundary rider Charles Rasp discovered mineral samples on the property and pegged out a claim . McCulloch immediately held a meeting with the station hands at which they agreed to form a Syndicate of Seven , pegging out a further six blocks of mining leases which were amalgamated to form the privately owned Broken Hill Mining Company . In 1885 , silver was discovered and , in order to bring in more capital for the development of the mine , the original company was floated into BHP .
A famous story tells how McCulloch played a game of cards with Alfred Cox , a visitor from England , in order to decide the price for one of their one-fourteenth shares in BHP . McCulloch was asking £150 , and Cox bid £120 , and it was resolved the winner of two of three games of euchre should have their price . The game , played at Mount Gipps station , and witnessed by members of the syndicate , went to Cox , who thus got for £120 shares which six years later would be worth over a million .
Art collection
George McCulloch retired to the UK a rich man , about 1891 . They married their housekeeper , Mary Agnes Mayger , the widow of an employee at Mount Gipps , in 1893 , and they went to live at 184 Queens Gate , London .
Between 1893 and their death , in 1907 , George became an internationally known art collector and was a patron of the artist John Singer Sargent . At the time of their death , they owned one of the finest collections of paintings by modern British artists in the world . They made it their rule not to acquire a picture unless it was painted in their own lifetime .
An authoritative , well-illustrated text book about the McCulloch collection was published in 2018 by George McCulloch 's biographer , Lawrence Robert McCallum ( see references ) .
McCulloch died in 1907 , the year before their son Alexander McCulloch won a silver medal in the Single Sculls at the 1908 London Summer Olympic Regatta .
George 's widow , Agnes , married the Scottish painter James Coutts Michie in 1908 . In 1909 , the McCulloch Collection of Modern Art was exhibited at the Royal Academy Winter Exhibition at Burlington House . The bulk of the collection was sold by auction in 1913 , with many pictures being purchased by Viscount Lever .
McCulloch 's house at Queens Gate was used as a British Red Cross Voluntary Aid Detachment hospital during the Great War when it became known as the Michie Hospital .
For their war work , McCulloch 's widow , Agnes Coutts Michie , received the CBE in 1920 . In 1928 , they donated a painting of George McCulloch by artist Barnett Samuel Marks to the Broken Hill Art Gallery .
Citations
References
The History of Broken Hill , Its Rise and Progress , compiled and edited by Leonard Samuel Curtis , Frearson 's Printing House , Adelaide , South Australia , 1908 .
The Times , 13 December 1907 and other obituaries of George McCulloch .
Into the Broken Hill Paddock , published by Jenny Camilleri , printed by Openbook Australia 2006 ,
Oxford Dictionary of National Biography
George McCulloch , Glasgow , Broken Hill & Kensington , A Life of Ships , Sheep , Silver & Art , published by Lawrence Robert McCallum , 2015 , printed by Microfilm Digital Print PO Box 840 , Christchurch , 8140 , New Zealand ,
The McCulloch Collection , paintings , sculptures & tapestries of a Broken Hill Silver King , published by Lawrence Robert McCallum , 2018 , printed by Clarity Press , Christchurch , New Zealand ,
External links
Victorian art and artists , The McCulloch Collection - overview and menu Research about McCulloch 's art collection and its disposal
Barnett Samuel Marks ( Victorian painter ) Attribution of painting of McCulloch
Australian people of Scottish descent
BHP people
Businesspeople from Glasgow
History of New South Wales
History of Broken Hill
1848 births
1907 deaths
Mount Newall ( ) is a peak , 1,920 m , the northeast extremity of Asgard Range , in Victoria Land . Discovered by the Discovery expedition ( 1901–04 ) and named for one of the men who helped raise funds to send a relief ship for the expedition . Nichols Ridge descends from it down to the Wright Lower Glacier at the east end of Wright Valley . Gallagher Ridge trends northeast toward Wright Valley .
Mountains of the Asgard Range
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Remco Jan Dijkstra ( born 18 August 1972 , Zeist ) is a Dutch politician . As a member of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie ) they have been an MP since 20 September 2012 . Previously they were a member of the municipal council of Buren from 2006 to 2011 , and subsequently a member of the provincial parliament of Gelderland from 2011 to 2012 .
References
Parlement.com biography
1972 births
Living people
Members of the House of Representatives ( Netherlands )
Members of the Provincial Council of Gelderland
Municipal councillors in Gelderland
People from Buren
Politicians from Buren
People from Zeist
People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
21st-century Dutch politicians
William J. Webb is a theologian , ordained Baptist minister and former professor of New Testament at Heritage Seminary , Ontario . They are currently adjunct professor at Tyndale Seminary in Toronto . They are notable for developing the `` redemptive-movement '' hermeneutic in their book Slaves , Women & Homosexuals : Exploring the Hermeneutics of Cultural Analysis ( 2001 ) . This book argues for full role equality of men and women in the church and family while concluding that homosexuality is not a biblically sanctioned lifestyle . Craig Blomberg argues that Webb 's `` proposals concerning redemptive trajectories are among the more influential ( and controversial ) of new twenty-first century North American hermeneutical methods to emerge . ''
Bibliography
The Pelargonium Family : The Species of Pelargonium , Monsonia and Sarcocaulon ( Routledge Kegan & Paul , 1984 ) .
Returning Home ( Journal for the Study of the New Testament Supplement ) ( Sheffield , 1993 ) .
Slaves , Women & Homosexuals : Exploring the Hermeneutics of Cultural Analysis ( InterVarsity Press , 2001 ) .
Corporal Punishment in the Bible : A Redemptive-Movement Hermeneutic for Troubling Texts ( InterVarsity Press , 2011 ) .
( With Gordon K. Oeste ) Bloody , Brutal , and Barbaric ? : Wrestling with Troubling War Texts ( IVP Academic , 2019 ) .
See also
Christian views about women
Homosexuality and Christianity
Christian egalitarianism
References
Gender and Christianity
Living people
20th-century Canadian Baptist ministers
Canadian Baptist theologians
Hermeneutists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century Canadian Baptist ministers
Highpoint ( also 80 Newington Butts , and previously referred to as 360 London ) is a 142-metre , 46-storey , 458-apartment residential tower in Elephant and Castle in the London Borough of Southwark in London on the site of the London Park Hotel .
It was the tallest build-to-rent development in the country at the time of construction , and one of London 's tallest residential buildings .
On completion in 2018 , 343 one- and two-bedroom apartments were made available for rent to private tenants . The building features a 24/7 gym , and a `` sky lounge '' on the 45th floor , with a bar , kitchen and co-working space , accessible by residents only .
The building is managed by Canadian real estate manager Realstar Living under its UK brand UNCLE . It is one of 5 properties managed by the company in London . They have another one in Manchester .
Under previous plans the privately rented apartments were to be managed by Essential Living . The other 115 units are rented as affordable housing units by the Peabody Trust .
A 300-seat flexible theatre space located in the building has been leased to the Southwark Playhouse to become its flagship venue and the location of a purpose-built Youth , Community and Development space . The move is scheduled to take place in 2021 .
The site also features a commercial unit , currently operating as a branch of a healthy-living cafe bar chain of two establishments , called Nue Ground .
Articles
Green light for Elephant & Castle tower and theatre , London SE1 , 5 Sep 2007
Elephant & Castle 360 tower project to be revived , London SE1 , 3 March 2011
Mayor announces ‘ affordable flats ' tower at Elephant and Castle , London SE1 31 , July 2013
Government could pour more cash into Elephant & Castle skyscraper , London SE1 , 11 March 2014
See also
List of the tallest buildings in the United Kingdom
Build-to-rent
References
Redevelopment projects in London
Residential skyscrapers in London
Skyscrapers in the London Borough of Southwark
Apartment buildings in London
Joachim Witthöft ( 23 September 1887 – 7 July 1966 ) was a German general during World War II . They were a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross . Witthöft commanded Army Group South Rear Area ( as Army Group B ) during the 1942 Wehrmacht 's campaign .
Like other Army Group Rear Areas , the territories under Witthöft 's control were the sites of mass murder during the Holocaust and other crimes against humanity targeting the civilian population . Rear Area commanders operated in parallel , and in cooperation , with the Higher SS and Police Leaders appointed by the head of the SS , Heinrich Himmler , for each of the army group 's rear areas . In the words of historian Michael Parrish , these army commanders `` presided over an empire of terror and brutality '' .
Awards and decorations
Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross on 14 December 1941 as Generalleutnant and commander of the 86th Infantry Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1887 births
1966 deaths
Generals of Infantry ( Wehrmacht )
Prussian Army personnel
German military personnel of World War I
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross , 1st class
Recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United Kingdom
People from Kwidzyn
People from West Prussia
German police officers
The Liberation Of ... is the second album by Christchurch-born singer-songwriter/rapper Ladi6 , released in November 2010 . It was nominated for Album of the Year and won Best Urban/Hip Hop Album at the 2011 New Zealand Music Awards . It also won the 2011 Taite Music Prize and Best Urban Album at the 2011 Pacific Music Awards .
The same year Ladi6 won Best Female Solo Artist and was nominated in a total of six categories at the 2011 New Zealand Music Awards . They also won Best Female Artist at the 2011 Pacific Music Awards .
The Liberation Of ... was co-produced by Parks and Sebastian Weiss ( a.k.a . DJ Sepalot ) of the German hip hop group Blumentopf and features Myele Manzanza of Electric Wire Hustle , Toby Laing of Fat Freddy 's Drop and German singer Esther Adams . It was released independently in New Zealand , where it debuted at number six on the NZ Top 40 Album Chart . It spent 34 weeks in the top 40 and was certified gold in July 2011 . The single `` Like Water '' from this album peaked at number 9 on the NZ Top 40 Singles Chart , spent 22 weeks on the charts and was certified platinum in June 2011 .
The Liberation Of ... was released in Europe on German label Eskapaden Records in May 2011 . The song `` Jazmine D.L . '' is a tribute to their cousin , who died .
Track listing
`` Bang Bang '' – 3:38
`` Koln '' – 4:04
`` Jazmine D.L '' – 2:35
`` 98 Til Now '' – 2:40
`` Like Water '' – 3:10
`` Norwest '' – 4:03
`` Burn with Me '' – 4:31
`` Goodday '' – 5:55
`` Let It Go '' – 3:27
`` Squid '' – 3:53
Charts
Certifications
References
Ladi6 albums
2010 albums
Maluku FC ( or Maluku Football Club ) is an Indonesian professional football club founded on 27 January 2021 and headquartered in Ambon , Maluku province . They currently compete in the Liga 3 .
History
Maluku FC was founded on 27 January 2021 , with an aim of promoting football in Maluku , which has long been absent from its relevant representative .
On 25 September 2021 , Maluku FC made league match debut in a 7–1 win against Binatama Bupolo at the Kompi A Yonif 733/Raider Waiheru field , the achievement of 3 points at the same time led the club to top the provisional standings of Group B Liga 3 Maluku .
On 12 October 2021 , 2021 Liga 3 Maluku has been held and Maluku FC has become the champion to represent the province at the national level , not only being a regional champion , Maluku FC has been undefeated in the struggle in the league zone since the competition was held on September 23 , 2021 . In the final match , they win against Gemba with a score 1–0 .
Stadium
Maluku FC uses the Mandala Remaja Stadium in Ambon for their home matches .
Honours
Liga 3 Maluku
Champion ( 1 ) : 2021
References
External links
Ambon , Maluku
Football clubs in Maluku ( province )
Football clubs in Indonesia
Association football clubs established in 2021
2021 establishments in Indonesia
The 2016–17 Aris Thessaloniki B.C . season was the 63rd appearance in the top-tier level Greek Basket League for Aris Thessaloniki . The team also competed in the Greek Basketball Cup , where they lost in the final from Panathinaikos Superfoods in Alexandreio Melathron Nick Galis Hall , and in the Basketball Champions League .
Overview
Roster
Roster changes
In
Out
Competitions
Greek Basket League
Regular season
Standings
Matches
Results overview
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Third Place
Greek Cup
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Final
Champions League
Regular season
League table
Matches
Results overview
Play-offs qualifiers
Round of 16
Statistics
Basket League
Regular season
Shooting
Last updated : 13 April 2017
Source : ESAKE
Playoffs
Shooting
Last updated : 31 May 2017
Source : ESAKE
Champions League
Shooting
Last updated : 7 March 2017
Source : BCL
References
Aris B.C . seasons
Gil Hibben ( born September 4 , 1935 ) is an American custom knifemaker from Wyoming who is based in La Grange , Kentucky . Hibben designed the first line of Browning hunting knives in 1968 , the American Kenpo Knife for Ed Parker , and the Rambo Knife for the films Rambo III and Rambo . Hibben 's `` Fantasy Knives '' have been used in over 37 films and television shows , particularly science fiction , earning them the title `` Klingon Armorer '' from the Star Trek franchise . Hibben currently serves as a President of the Knifemakers ' Guild , a post they have held for fourteen years .
Early life
Hibben was born in Wyoming in 1935 . Unable to afford a Bowie knife at age 15 , Hibben decided to make their own out of scrap metal and files . They did not make another knife until their discharge from the US Navy in 1956 when they took a job in Seattle , Washington as a machinist for Boeing Aircraft and started making knives in their spare time after they sold another handmade Bowie knife to a friend for $ 45 .
Knifemaker
In 1964 , Hibben relocated to Sandy , Utah to become a full-time knifemaker . Their blades were primarily 440C stainless steel and Hibben was the first knife maker to use that steel in their knives . While in Sandy , Hibben partnered with another knifemaker named Stuart Benedict and these knives were sold under the name `` Ben-Hibben '' . The knives from this time period were fixed-blade Bowie knives , hunting knives , fishing knives and some early fighting knives .
In 1965 , Hibben left Sandy for Manti , Utah to open a larger facility where they operated as `` Hibben Knives '' . One of their knives was written about and featured on the cover of Guns & Ammo in an article titled The Versatile Gil Hibben , expanding their reputation beyond that of a local knifemaker . This recognition lead them to the attention of Browning Arms Company , who had Hibben design the company 's first line of knives in 1968 consisting of 3 fixed blade knives and a folding hunting knife . That same year , Hibben sang Tenor for the Mormon Tabernacle Choir .
A lifelong martial artist with black belt rankings in Aikido , Judo , and American Kenpo , Hibben designed and built a knife called the Kenpo Knife as their Black Belt Thesis under Ed Parker in 1968 ; their thesis and knife design led to Long Form VIII ( `` Double Dagger Form '' ) which uses two knives in mock combat .
In 1970 , Hibben moved their shop again . After a brief period in Springdale , Arkansas , they relocated to Alaska for five years working as a knifemaker and a hunting and fishing guide . In 1975 they moved their shop again to Silver Dollar City , Missouri and four years later to Louisville , Kentucky .
Movie knives
While in Louisville , Hibben was contacted by Sylvester Stallone to make a modern version of a Bowie knife for the film Rambo III . After the release of the movie , Hibben began a long-term partnership with United Cutlery of Taiwan who released factory versions of the `` Rambo III Knife '' and a subsequent annual factory `` Art Knife '' each based on one of Hibben 's custom designs every year afterward . United has made versions of Hibben 's Kenpo Knife , Alaskan Guide Knife , and throwing knives . Hibben previously partnered with knifemaker Dr . Rob Charlton of Damascus-USA to produce smaller Damascus steel versions of the Rambo Bowie . In 1991 , Hibben relocated to the Louisville suburb of La Grange , Kentucky .
The popularity of Hibben 's mass-produced fantasy designs led to Hibben 's knives being used in other films such as Spawn , Mortal Kombat , The Perfect Weapon , Natural Born Killers , Under Siege , Babylon 5 and the Star Trek franchise . Hibben 's `` Jackal '' knife appears on the poster for Star Trek Nemesis . Hibben made another `` Rambo '' knife for Stallone 's Rambo and the Bowie knife and Arkansas toothpick used in the film , The Expendables . Paramount Pictures has given Hibben the title Official Klingon Armorer for all the weapons they have made for the Franchise 's villains .
Hibben 's Fantasy Knives were mass-produced by United Cutlery with at least one annual edition from 1994 until 2005 . The first of these was a silver wire wrapped handle version of the V-42 stiletto .
Knifemaker 's Guild
Hibben has been President of the Knifemakers ' Guild since 2006 and is a member of the Blade Magazine Cutlery Hall of Fame .
References
Further reading
Hibben , Gil . The Complete Gil Hibben Knife Throwing Guide . United Cutlery Corp. , 1994 . ( ASIN-B0006FAV9E )
External links
Gil Hibben and their 'Parker Knife '
Knife makers
People from Louisville , Kentucky
People from La Grange , Kentucky
People from Wyoming
1935 births
Living people
People from Sandy , Utah
United States Navy sailors
Barile may refer to :
Barile , a town and comune in the province of Potenza , in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata
Xavier J. Barile ( 1891–1981 ) , Italian-born American artist
Al Barile , American songwriter/guitarist and co-founder of SSD ( Society System Decontrol ) , a Boston-based band
Albert Barillé ( 1920–2009 ) , French television producer , creator , screenwriter , cartoonist , and founder of Procidis
Pedro Meoqui is a city Named after General Pedro Meoqui and is the seat of the municipality of Meoqui , in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua . As of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 22,574 , up from 21,306 as of 2005 .
History
The community of Meoqui was founded as a Franciscan mission town in the mid-seventeenth century . Was Fray Andrés Ramírez , a franciscan missionary , the recognized founder of Meoqui , arrived from San Antonio de Julimes as part of a larger effort to Christianize the Indians along the San Pedro River and began the development of the area along the San Pedro River , then inhabited by indigenous Conchos , Julimes , Navichames and Mezquites . The region was subject to the rule of the regional military presidios from the end of the 17th Century until 1773 , when the Military Presidio of San Pablo was established .
In 1771 , Irish soldier and commander Hugo O'Conor , who had served in the Spanish Royal Army since 1750 and had distinguished themselves as a military strategist in several of the Spanish colonies , was appointed Captain and assigned to the northern frontier of New Spain . On January 20 , 1773 they were promoted to Colonel and appointed Commandant Inspector of Presidios for all of Nueva Viscaya . In 1773 , Colonel O'Conor established the home base of their garrison , the 4th Flying Company , in the area , establishing the Presidio of San Pablo . From there , they led multiple campaigns further north in 1775 and 1776 to establish Spanish control over the area and pushing the Apaches further west . O'Conor and the Presidio commanders who followed them ruled the area politically until 1826 , when the Presidio came under the political jurisdiction of San Jerónimo and began to function as an Ayuntamiento ( town ) . In 1837 the town became part of the Rosales Subprefecture , ten years after the Rosales Canton was established . In 1886 , the town was integrated into the Canton of Meoqui , and from 1887 to 1911 was part of the Camargo District .
The name of the community and the surrounding municipality , adopted in 1866 , is in honor of General Pedro Meoqui Mañon , a military leader from the city of Mexico . They participated in the Puebla campaign in Nueva México with Ignacio Comonfort ; during the War of Reform they were active in the conservative ranks and participated in their Intervention . In 1864 , when Meoqui Mañon was a colonel , they escorted Benito Juárez from Monterrey to Chihuahua , passing through the community en route . In 1866 , Juárez returned to the community and decided to consecrate the community - a town located about an hour from the state capital of Chihuahua - as the Villa of General Pedro Meoqui Mañón ( colloquially referred to as `` Meoqui '' ) on December 11 as a tribute to their faithful friend who was cruelly murdered on August 8 , 1865 in Hidalgo del Parral in the Battle of Parral against the French invasors .
In 1966 , the town of Meoqui acquired the designation of City .
Characteristics and land use
The dominant soils in the municipality are Haplic Yermosols in its central portion , with medium texture and level or broken slopes , and with associations of lithosols and / or eutrophic regosols , luvic , with inclusions of rendzinas and / or solonetzs orticos . Land use is mainly agricultural and livestock . In terms of land tenure , private property is first with 29,362 hectares , equivalent to 58.72 % of the total land area ; Secondly , community-use ( ejidal ) agricultural property consists of 10,903 hectares , representing 21.78 % of the land area and distributed across three ejidos . Urban development consists of 846 hectares or 1.69 % of the total land area .
The Monitos of Meoqui
On October 27 , 1987 several children claimed to see small humanoid beings leave the earth . This news made the City of Meoqui the focus of international attention . Thus emerged the urban legend of the Monitos of Meoqui .
Local Industry
An important part of the local identity of Meoqui is represented by the bottling of soft drinks at the former Coca-Cola complex of Meoqui , which still produces flavored drinks unique in the country , including the famous Apple Soda of Chihuahua ( Manzanita Soto de Chihuahua ) .
Gastronomy
The local gastronomy is similar to that of other places in the center of the state of Chihuahua but is characterized especially by the so-called Morelian tacos that are found in the center of the city . The abigeo stew is another distinguished dish , made with dried meat and red chili sauce originated by Col. Lázaro Cárdenas .
References
Populated places in Chihuahua ( state )
A sizzler is a medley dish invented in Mumbai . It is cooked and served on a hot metal plate that is placed on a wooden holder when taken to the customer 's table . The dish is inspired by the Japanese Teppanyaki , in which vegetables and meat are cooked on a very hot metal griddle , to keep the inside soft and moist , and make the outside crunchy .
History
The Indian sizzler was invented by Firoz Erani in Mumbai in 1963 , and their restaurant near Excelsior cinema was called `` Sizzler '' . They were inspired by an American version of Japanese Teppanyaki at a restaurant called Sizzler which they visited in California . Firoz 's second wife Tachiko was Japanese . In 1967 , they shut down their restaurant `` Sizzler '' and moved to the Isle of Man . Firoz 's son Shahrookh Erani continued the tradition of serving sizzlers , and opened `` Touche '' on Warden Road in the same year . In 1971 , they moved to Pune where they started a new restaurant `` The Place : Touche '' . The restaurant is still popular today , is managed by Farida Vachha , and carries the mantle of being the original sizzler restaurant of India .
In 1975 , a business person called Vazir Rizvi started their own restaurant ( and later chain ) called `` Kobe Sizzlers '' in Mumbai . Other restaurants such as Yoko Sizzlers and Fountain Sizzlers soon followed suit in Mumbai , and Zamu 's and Yana in Pune . Most large cities in India now have restaurants that specialise in sizzlers , and some of the iconic sizzler restaurant chains have branches in the UAE .
Description
A sizzler is essentially a single dish meal , in which meats and vegetables are cooked in a sauce on a hot metal plate . The dish has been described as an `` open-roasted , grilled or shallow fried piece of meat , chicken , fish or vegetable patty , served on an oval shaped metal or stone hot plate , kept on a wooden base . The word `` sizzler '' comes from the sizzle that one hears after heating the dish under a grill . The metal plate is heated to the point right before service , that when the finished steak is placed on it , it sizzles ( you can literally hear the hissing sound ) and the smoky flavour makes the dish more enticing . '' In terms of preparation , the equipment and method for all sizzlers is the same , despite the large variety of ingredients and sauces .
References
Indian cuisine
William Emanuel Richardson ( September 3 , 1886 – November 3 , 1948 ) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .
Richardson was born on a farm ( the old Daniel Boone homestead ) near Stonersville , Pennsylvania . They moved to Bernville , Pennsylvania , with their parents at an early age , where they attended the public schools . They graduated from Princeton University in 1910 , and from Columbia Law School in New York City in 1913 . They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Reading , Pennsylvania . In 1914 , they served with Ambulance Americaine , in Belgium and France in 1915 , and with Squadron A , New York Cavalry , on the Mexico–United States border in 1916 . During the First World War they were commissioned a second lieutenant on August 15 , 1917 , and served with the Eightieth Cavalry Division , United States Army , and later with the Seventh Machine Gun Battalion , Third Division , and was discharged a first lieutenant on September 15 , 1919 . After the war resumed the practice of law in Reading .
Richardson was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and Seventy-fourth Congresses . They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1936 . They attended the Interparliamentary Union Conference in Budapest , Hungary , in 1936 . They died in Wyomissing , Pennsylvania , with interment in Schwartzwald Cemetery in Jacksonwald , Pennsylvania .
Sources
The Political Graveyard
External links
1886 births
1948 deaths
People from Berks County , Pennsylvania
Princeton University alumni
Columbia Law School alumni
United States Army personnel of World War I
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
20th-century American politicians
Events in the year 1954 in Belgium .
Incumbents
Monarch – Baudouin
Prime Minister – Jean Van Houtte ( to 23 April ) ; Achille Van Acker ( from 23 April )
Events
April
11 April – general election reduces Christian Social Party majority
23 April – Socialist-Liberal coalition under Achille Van Acker takes office
August
29-30 August – Minister of Education Léo Collard sacks 110 school teachers with teaching qualifications from Catholic institutions
September
13-18 September – Tenth Solvay Conference on Physics held in Brussels , chaired by Lawrence Bragg
October
23 October – Paris Protocol agreed , transforming the Brussels Pact into the Western European Union ( with Germany and Italy joining ) .
Publications
Hergé , Explorers on the Moon , Tintin album ( serialised 1952–1953 )
Georges Simenon , Maigret à l'école and Maigret et la Jeune Morte
Art and architecture
René Magritte , L'Empire des lumières
Births
8 March – Daniel Ducarme , politician ( died 2010 )
10 March – Luc Dardenne , film-maker
12 April – Steve Stevaert politician ( died 2015 )
7 May – Philippe Geluck , comedian and cartoonist
Deaths
17 March – Victor Rousseau ( born 1865 ) , sculptor
18 April – Denis Verschueren ( born 1897 ) , cyclist
18 June – André Benoit ( born 1900 ) , cyclist
5 October – Flor Alpaerts ( born 1876 ) , composer
References
1950s in Belgium
Belgium
Years of the 20th century in Belgium
Belgium
Baba Nyonya House Museum ( ) , also known as the Baba Nyonya Heritage Museum , is a museum in Malacca City , Malacca , Malaysia that showcases the local history of ethnic Chinese-Malays called Baba-Nyonya or Peranakan in the state . The museum was established in 1986 by Chan Kim Lay , the fourth generation of their family to reside in the large house built by their great-grandfather in 1896 in Jalan Tun Tan Cheng Lock , a street also known as `` Millionaire 's Row '' for its luxurious houses . The museum is known for its elaborate woodwork , furniture , and porcelain .
See also
List of tourist attractions in Malacca
List of museums in Malaysia
References
Further reading
1986 establishments in Malaysia
Museums established in 1986
Museums in Malacca
Ethnic museums
Red Island is a circular , flat-topped island , in diameter and high , with reddish cliffs of volcanic rock , lying northwest of Cape Lachman , James Ross Island , in Prince Gustav Channel . It is part of the James Ross Island Volcanic Group and was discovered and named by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Otto Nordenskjöld , 1901-04 . The island has a K–Ar date of 1.6 ± 0.2 million years .
See also
List of Antarctic and subantarctic islands
References
Islands of Trinity Peninsula
Volcanic islands
Volcanoes of Graham Land
Pleistocene volcanoes
Barry W. Roseborough ( April 30 , 1932 – March 14 , 1992 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers . They won the Grey Cup with them in 1958 . They played college football at the University of North Dakota . After their CFL career , they coached the Saskatchewan Huskies football team at the University of Saskatchewan from 1960 to 1962 . They also attended the University of Michigan and Western Michigan University , eventually getting a Ph.D . They died in a hospital in Michigan in 1992 .
References
1932 births
1992 deaths
Players of Canadian football from Saskatchewan
Sportspeople from Saskatoon
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
One-Eyed Jack was a comic strip in British comic Valiant from December 1975 to October 1976 , and then later in Battle Picture Weekly . It was about a tough New York detective called Jack McBane . The strip was created by Valiant editor and writer John Wagner and artist John Cooper .
History
In 1975 Valiant was struggling as its sales figures fell , and it was in danger of being cancelled . John Wagner was asked to take over as editor and reinvigorate the title with better , more hard-hitting stories . At the time , Wagner was the editor of a girls ' comic , but they had previously helped to set up and launch Battle , a boys ' war comic . One-Eyed Jack was one of the new stories Wagner introduced to Valiant , and they wrote all of the episodes which appeared in Valiant . It was inspired by the 1971 film Dirty Harry and other police films and television shows . The first episode appeared in the 20 December 1975 issue , and it immediately became the most popular story in the comic . Wagner attributes this in part to Cooper 's artwork . In their introduction to the 2017 trade paperback collection , they wrote : `` The impact of the story was in huge measure boosted by the slick , superb artwork of John Cooper ... The characters and the city came to life '' .
The lead character was Detective Jack McBane , who lost their left eye when they were shot by a robber in the first episode . After ten years of doing police work `` by the book '' , McBane became ruthless and willing to do whatever it took to beat the criminals they encountered . Each episode was three or four pages long , and usually contained a complete story , although there were some two- or three-episode stories . The weekly episodes were in black and white , but there was a full-colour episode in the 1978 Valiant Annual ( published in 1977 ) . Wagner later said : `` I did the first script then handed the character over to someone else and just read all the scripts as they came in '' .
After ten months , Valiant was merged into Battle on 23 October 1976 , and Wagner 's involvement with the strip ended . It continued to appear in Battle , written by Gerry Finley-Day and others , and John Cooper continued to provide the art . McBane left the police force and became a spy for the US military .
After the strip ended , it was reprinted in Eagle comic , starting in July 1983 and ending in December 1984 ( issues 68 to 143 ) . Some episodes were also reprinted in 2000 AD annuals .
In 2017 all of the Valiant episodes were collected in a graphic novel by Rebellion 's Treasury of British Comics imprint .
Inspiration for Judge Dredd
In 1977 , Wagner went on to create the strip Judge Dredd for 2000 AD . In a 1995 interview they said : `` When Pat [ Mills ] was putting together 2000 AD , we realised from the success of `` One-Eyed Jack '' this was the kind of story the paper should have – a really hard , tough cop '' . In 2017 they wrote : `` The lessons I learned from One-Eyed Jack played no little part in the creation of Judge Dredd '' .
Recurring characters
Detective Jack McBane
Detective Willy Novak , McBane 's partner
Lieutenant Joseph Carrelli , McBane 's superior in the NYPD
Ed Calucchi , McBane 's partner in the Military Intelligence Agency
General Mantis , head of the MIA
References
Sources
`` One-Eyed Jack : Top of the Cops , '' by Karl Stock , in Judge Dredd Megazine # 385 ( July 2017 )
One-Eyed Jack , Introduction by John Wagner ( Rebellion , 2017 ) ,
Judge Dredd : The Mega-History by Colin M. Jarman and Peter Acton ( Lennard Publishing , 1995 ) , , p. 17
British comics
Comics by John Wagner
Leporellus is a genus of headstanders found in South America . They are mainly found in the São Francisco River and Paraná–Paraguay river basins , but L. vittatus also occurs in the Amazon . There are currently four described species in this genus .
Species
Leporellus cartledgei Fowler , 1941
Leporellus pictus ( Kner , 1858 )
Leporellus retropinnis ( C. H. Eigenmann , 1922 )
Leporellus vittatus ( Valenciennes , 1850 )
References
Anostomidae
Taxa named by Christian Frederik Lütken
The Korisliiga Finals Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) is an annual award that is handed out to the best player in the Finals of a given Finnish Korisliiga season . The award usually goes to a player that is on the championship team .
Winners
References
Finals MVP
Basketball most valuable player awards
European basketball awards
Fernando Gutiérrez Tello was a Spanish noble in the service of the Kingdom of Castile . They were the archdeacon of the Archdiocese of Seville from 12 April 1304 to 23 April 1323 . They are best known for their command over the Castilian forces in Ferdinand IV 's campaign against the Emirate of Granada in 1309 in the context of the Spanish Reconquista . Most notably , they commanded Castilian troops in the Siege of Gibraltar along with Juan Núñez II de Lara , Alonso Pérez de Guzmán and Garci López de Padilla , the Grand Master of the Order of Calatrava . Together , the group took control of the city of Gibraltar from the Moors on 12 September 1309 . Gutiérrez Tello was also part of the less successful siege on Algeciras of that same year .
The city was retaken by the Moors in 1333 .
See also
Archdiocese of Seville
Reconquista
Ferdinand IV of Castile
Siege of Gibraltar ( 1309 )
References
Spanish untitled nobility
People of the Reconquista
14th-century Castilians
Durgada is a rural village in Deoli tahsil , Wardha district , Maharashtra , India .
Demographics
As of the census of 2011 , there were 609 people residing in the village . The population density was 190 people per square kilometer ( 480/sq mi ) . There were 181 households within the village . Males constitute 50.5 % of the population and females 49.5 % . Durgada has an average literacy rate of 74.4 % , slightly higher than the national average of 74 % . Male literacy is at 40.1 % , while female literacy is 34.3 % . In Durgada , 9.3 % of the population is age 6 or under .
References
Villages in Wardha district
Hermine Galfy is the stage name of Hermine Katzmayr , married name Hermine Katzmayr-Godeffroy , ( 25 October 1856 – 2 April 1933 ) a German operatic soprano and voice teacher .
Life
Hermine Katzmayr was born in Vienna . They were prepared for a singing career at the Vienna Academy of Music by Mathilde Marchesi . They found their first engagement in 1874 in Graz , and moved in 1877 to the Stadttheater Düsseldorf , and to Königsberg in 1879 . They joined the Schwerin court theatre in 1880 , where they worked successfully until 1887 . They appeared there as Eva in the first production of Wagner 's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg at the house in 1882 . They were awarded the title Kammersängerin in recognition of their merits .
They appeared as a guest in Bremen , Munich , Stuttgart , Rotterdam , Kassel and Wiesbaden . Galfy took part at the Bayreuth Festival in the 1882 world premiere of Parsifal , as a squire and flower maiden . They enjoyed great recognition everywhere , and retired from the stage in 1894 . They took residence in Berlin , where they were active as a vocal teacher at the Klindworth-Scharwenka-Konservatorium .
Galfy died in Berlin in April 1933 at the age of 76 .
Further reading
Ludwig Eisenberg : Hermine Galfy . In Großes biographisches Lexikon der deutschen Bühne im XIX . Jahrhundert . Paul List , Leipzig 1903 , .
References
External links
1856 births
1933 deaths
German operatic sopranos
Voice teachers
Pseudonyms
Musicians from Vienna
Helenius de Cock ( 1 November 1824 , Eppenhuizen – 2 January 1894 ) was an instructor at the Theological School in Kampen , Overijssel , the Netherlands .
They were the son of Hendrik de Cock and Frouwe Venema .
References
1824 births
1844 deaths
People from Eemsmond
Reformed Churches Christians from the Netherlands
Dutch Calvinist and Reformed theologians
19th-century Calvinist and Reformed theologians
The 1914 Canton Professionals season was their fifth season in the Ohio League . The team finished with a known record of 9–1 .
Schedule
Game notes
References
Canton Bulldogs seasons
Canton Bulldogs
Canton Bulldogs
The scaly-breasted cupwing or scaly-breasted wren-babbler ( Pnoepyga albiventer ) is a species of bird in the Pnoepyga wren-babblers family , Pnoepygidae . It is found in southern and eastern Asia from the Himalayas to Indochina .
Taxonomy and systematics
The Taiwan cupwing was once treated as a subspecies of the scaly-breasted cupwing .
Description
The scaly-breasted cupwing is a very small babbler with almost no tail , around 9 cm long and weighing between 19 and 23 g. The plumage is olive on the back and lightly scalloped on the chest .
Distribution and habitat
The natural habitat of the scaly-breasted cupwing is subtropical moist montane forest . Within that habitat it is usually found near water . The species undertakes some altitudinal migration , moving closer to sea level during the winter over some of its range .
Gallery
References
Collar , N. J . & Robson , C. 2007 . Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) pp . 70 – 291 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
scaly-breasted cupwing
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Central China
Birds of Yunnan
Birds of Vietnam
scaly-breasted cupwing
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Los Angeles Angels are a Major League Baseball ( MLB ) franchise based in Anaheim , California . They play in the American League West division . The franchise has also gone by the names `` Los Angeles Angels '' , `` California Angels '' and `` Anaheim Angels '' at various points in its history . The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day , and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor , which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season , though there are various strategic reasons why a team 's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day . The Angels have used 25 different Opening Days starting pitchers in their 51 seasons . The 25 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 26 wins , 18 losses and 7 no decisions . No decisions are awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game . It can also result if a starting pitcher does not pitch five full innings , even if their team retains the lead and wins .
Jered Weaver has the most Opening Day starts for the Angels , with seven , and had 6 consecutive opening day starts from 2010-2015 . They have a record of three wins and two losses , with one no decision in those starts that resulted in a win . Mike Witt has the second most starts , with five , with one win , three losses , and one no decision that resulted in a loss . Frank Tanana , Mark Langston and Chuck Finley have all made four Opening Day starts for the Angels . Hall of Famer Nolan Ryan , Bartolo Colón and Jered Weaver have each made three such starts for the Angels .
Nolan Ryan has the Angels record for most wins in Opening Day starts with three . They also have the best win–loss record in Opening Day starts for the Angels , which is 3–0 . The other Angels pitchers with multiple wins in Opening Day starts without a loss are Ken McBride and Andy Messersmith . Mike Witt has the record for most losses in Opening Day starts for the Angels with three . Frank Tanana and Chuck Finley each had two such losses .
The Angels have played in three home ball parks . They played their first season in Wrigley Field , which was designed to look like Wrigley Field in Chicago , but never played an Opening Day home game there . In 1962 , they moved to Dodger Stadium , but only stayed there through 1965 . They played two Opening Day games at Dodger Stadium , winning once and losing once . The Angels finally moved to Angel Stadium of Anaheim in 1966 , which was first called Anaheim Stadium , then subsequently renamed Edison International Field of Anaheim later . They have played 29 Opening Day games there , and their starting pitchers have 15 wins and 12 losses with 2 no decisions . This makes their record at home in Opening Day games 15 wins and 13 losses with 2 no decisions . In Opening Day games on the road , their starting pitchers have a record of 10 wins and 5 losses with 5 no decisions .
The Angels have played in one World Series championship in their history , which they won in 2002 . Jarrod Washburn was the Angels Opening Day starting pitcher that season . The Angels lost that Opening Day game to the Cleveland Indians . The winning pitcher for the Indians in that game was Bartolo Colón , who would make three Opening Day starts for the Angels later in their career .
Key
Pitchers
References
Opening day starters
Lists of Major League Baseball Opening Day starting pitchers
Gone , But Not Forgotten is a 1993 novel written by attorney Phillip Margolin and set in Portland , Oregon . The book was later adapted to a television miniseries .
Plot summary
Elizabeth `` Betsy '' Tannenbaum is a successful defense lawyer coming off a domestic violence case win when they are hired by reclusive and mysterious business person Martin Darius to defend them against allegations that they murdered several women and a private investigator and dumped the bodies at a construction site . Unfortunately , Darius ' past misdeeds are revealed and Betsy is in a race against time to find out who the real killer is before they — or they — strikes again .
Characters
Major
Elizabeth `` Betsy '' Tannenbaum : Defense attorney hired by Martin Darius to defend him . Mother of Kathy , estranged wife of Rick .
Martin Darius : Alter ego of accused but pardoned serial killer Peter Lake , who falsely imprisoned and tortured several women , then tried to cover it up by murdering their wife and daughter and framing another . They move to Portland after being pardoned by the Governor of New York and starts their life over undisturbed , before `` the rose killer '' begins striking again . Eventually on their way to being convicted of murdering a private investigator to cover up an affair .
Alan Page : District Attorney for Multnomah County , Oregon , including Portland . They prosecute Darius , but always finds themselves a step behind .
Samantha Reardon : The Portland `` Rose Killer '' , they duplicate Darius ' crimes in Hunter 's Point , New York , to get even with them for torturing them They are declared insane and committed .
Raymond Colby : Former Governor of New York , they awarded a pardon to Lake after the Hunter 's Point killings , allowing them to go free . Despite their best efforts to find him , Lake disappears and Colby jealously guards the secret — until they become a U.S . Senator and pursues the job of Chief Justice of the Supreme Court .
Nancy Gordon : Detective in the Hunter 's Point Police Department ( HPPD ) , they always thought Lake was the culprit and chased them for many years until they were coopted by Reardon .
Secondary
In Hunter 's Point
Anne Hazelton : Lake 's first victim . They committed suicide after being freed .
Gloria Escalante : Lake 's second victim . Lives a reclusive life with husband Pedro , a doctor .
Patricia Cross : Lake 's third victim . Found butchered in Henry Waters ' basement .
Sandra and Melody Lake : Peter 's final victims . Found in their house , Sandra defaced , Melody 's neck broken .
Henry Waters : A deliveryman of slow mental faculties mistakenly believed to be the killer and shot by police in their house during questioning .
Simon Reardon : Samantha 's estranged husband , who committed and then divorced them after they attacked him .
Pedro Escalante : Gloria 's husband , who is very protective of them
Frank Grimsbo : Detective on the HPPD who investigates the case , later made head of security at Colby 's company , Marlin Steel .
Wayne Turner : Case investigator on the HPPD task force and later Colby 's administrative assistant .
John O'Malley : Chief of HPPD , retired after disappearances .
Glen Michaels : Criminologist and forensics expert on the HPPD task force
In Portland
Laura Farrar , Wendy Reiser and Victoria Miller : In order , the three women Reardon killed during their Portland spree .
Samuel Oberhurst : A private investigator hired by Lisa Darius-Ryder to find evidence of Martin cheating .
Lisa Darius : Martin 's frightened wife .
Oscar Montoya : They take over the case after Reardon confesses .
Victor Ryder : Oregon Supreme Court Justice and Lisa 's father .
Patrick Norwood : Case judge .
Reggie Stewart : Betsy 's investigator .
Randy Highsmith : Multnomah County DA Office prosecutor .
Detective Ross Barrow : Portland police officer working Rose Killer case .
Rick Tannenbaum : Betsy 's estranged husband , killed by Reardon .
Kathy Tannenbaum : Betsy 's daughter , who wants to grow up to be a detective . Kidnapped by Reardon to force Betsy to set up Darius .
TV adaptation
The novel was adapted in a similarly titled American television miniseries , Gone But Not Forgotten . It starred Brooke Shields as Betsy Tannenbaum and Lou Diamond Phillips as Alan Page . Although the novel was set in Portland , Oregon , the miniseries was set in Sacramento , California . The miniseries was filmed in 2004 and was originally intended to broadcast on Hallmark Channel but ended up going direct-to-DVD the next year , and then premiered on Lifetime in 2006 .
References
2004 American television series debuts
1993 American novels
American thriller novels
Legal thriller novels
Novels set in Oregon
Novels set in Portland , Oregon
Doubleday ( publisher ) books
American novels adapted into television shows
Donna Marie Amato ( born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American pianist . They teach at University of Pittsburgh .
Life
Amato studied under the renowned teacher and virtuoso , Ozan Marsh throughout their early musical training . After receiving their BMA from the University of Arizona in 1983 , Amato traveled to Europe to study with Louis Kentner , in London and with Gaby Casadesus , in Paris . They also received a scholarship to play for Guido Agosti 's masterclass series in Siena , Italy with a Diploma d'Onore .
They studied in Mexico with Angelica Morales von Sauer , leading to concert appearances throughout Mexico as well as additional performances in many European countries , the United States , and radio broadcasts on the BBC .
Recordings
Amato records mainly for the Altarus Records label .
They have been performing the music of Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji ; in addition to giving the first ever performance of a Sorabji piano concerto ( No . 5 , in Utrecht , Netherlands , with the Netherlands Radio Orchestra conducted by Ed Spanjaard ) , they premiered Sorabji 's Piano Symphony No . 5 ( Symphonia brevis ) in New York in 2004 and , in April 2011 , their recording of this work on the Altarus label was released . They have also recorded several shorter Sorabji pieces .
Amato has also been performing the works of Ethelbert Nevin , composer from their hometown of Edgeworth , Pennsylvania . They have compiled a list of Nevin 's works and has performed them both in the studio and live in performances in their home town .
They have also released a CD containing various works by Carson Cooman .
References
External links
Artist 's website
Donna Amato -Pittsburgh Music History
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
University of Pittsburgh faculty
Musicians from Pittsburgh
21st-century American pianists
21st-century American women pianists
American women academics
Marinero may refer to :
Marinero , list of supermarket chains in Mexico
`` Marinero '' ( song ) , song by Maluma 2018
`` El marinero '' , song composed by María Luisa Escobar
`` El marinero '' , song composed by Ricardo Rico from Cha-Cha-Cha Boom !
El Marinero , ship on which María de las Mercedes Barbudo travelled
Marineros de Puerto Plata ( 2005–2009 )
The Military Spouses Residency Relief Act ( MSRRA ) signed into law on November 11 , 2009 , was originally introduced by Congressman John Carter ( Texas ) during the 110th United States Congress . The MSRRA was written to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act ( SCRA ) to include protection of military spouses , with regards to voting , property and taxes , and provide equitable treatment of military spouses .
Congressman Carter sponsored the bill after two military spouses , Army spouse Rebecca Noah Poynter and Navy spouse Joanna Williamson , approached them about residency concerns resulting from military moves and increasing deployments due to the War on Terrorism . Military spouses were required to become a resident of the state where they resided , in contrast to service members that could maintain a home state .
During the bill 's life in the 110th Congress , H.R . 6070 had 72 co-sponsors . It is believed that the bill could have passed during the 110th Congress but due to the housing crisis in 2008 it was quickly dismissed .
On February 25 , 2009 , of the 111th United States Congress , Congressman Carter reintroduced MSRRA ; H.R . 1182 .
Senator Richard Burr introduced the companion bill , S. 475 , to the Senate Committee of Veterans ' Affairs on February 25 , 2009 . Rebecca Poynter testified at the Senate Committee of Veterans ' Affairs in April . May 7 , 2009 MSRRA passed a Senate floor vote .
Supporting organizations
During the Congressional bill process , Military Officers Association of America ( MOAA ) was the lead veteran organization with these organizations also in support :
American Legion
Veterans of Foreign Wars
Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America
Air Force Sergeants Association
Paralyzed Veterans of America
AMVETS
Vietnam Veterans of America
Enactment
During the bills life in the House , H.R . 1182 had 208 co-sponsors . It was on its way for full House Veterans ' Affairs Committee vote when S. 475 was signed into law .
The bill S. 475 had 44 co-sponsors . It passed the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee and passed during House floor debate on November 2 , 2009 .
A team from the Military Spouse Business Association , Rebecca Noah Poynter , Joanna Williamson , Rikki Winters , Lynn Carroll , Lanette Lepper , and Kara Acosta , led a support campaign to include a Facebook site of military families . The grassroots and virtual Facebook social media campaign built to 22,000 allowing public support from military families across the country to be expressed to legislators . Military Spouses and supporters across the nation ( Pete Seidler , Cynthia Wass Shepard , Carolyn Duft LeVering , Susan Cross Johnston , David Etheridge , Rick Trevino ) volunteered virtually to increase support by contacting Senate and House Offices , and answering questions .
On Veterans Day , November 11 , 2009 , President Barack Obama signed .
The President of the United States , Barack Obama , issued a press release after they signed the bill . The Military Times called the bill `` landmark legislation '' for military families .
Sponsors
Congressman John Carter
Senator Richard Burr
Senator Dianne Feinstein
Support
MOAA .
Military Spouse Business Association
AMVETS .
VFW .
The American Legion
Paralyzed Veterans of America
Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America .
Air Force Association
Vietnam Veterans of America .
Air Force Sergeants Association
Military Spouses Coalition
References
United States federal defense and national security legislation
United States federal judiciary legislation
Proposed legislation of the 110th United States Congress
Military personnel
United States federal legislation articles without infoboxes
Acts of the 111th United States Congress
The following lists events that happened in 2013 in Afghanistan .
Incumbents
President : Hamid Karzai
First Vice President : Mohammed Fahim
Second Vice President : Karim Khalili
Chief Justice : Abdul Salam Azimi
Events
January
January 6 – Suicide bombers kill four in an attack in Spin Boldak .
January 16 – The Afghan National Directorate of Security headquarters in Kabul are attacked by a team of suicide bombers , leaving a security guard dead and 17 others injured .
January 26 – A suicide bombing at a market in Kunduz kills at least ten people and wounds up to twenty others .
January 27 – At least twenty members of the Afghan National Police have been killed in bomb attacks over the past day with eight police officers killed in the latest attack in Kandahar .
February
February 10 – American general Joseph F. Dunford , Jr. takes over command of NATO forces in Afghanistan , replacing John R. Allen .
February 13 – Afghan officials say that a NATO airstrike in the Kunar Province kills 10 civilians and injures more including 3 children .
February 24
Two guards and an Afghan police officer are killed in coordinated suicide bombing attacks in Jalalabad and Logar Province in eastern Afghanistan , while a third such attack on the National Directorate of Security in Kabul is foiled .
President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai orders the United States to leave Wardak province amid allegations of torture associated with US Special Forces .
February 27 – Taliban insurgents kill 17 Afghan government-affiliated militia personnel in an overnight attack in Andar District of eastern Ghazni Province .
March
March 2 – The news website Tolo News quotes the head of the All-Pakistan Ulema Council Tahir Ashrafi as endorsing suicide bombers in Afghanistan , 'as long as there are US troops on the ground ' . Ashrafi denies saying the words , yet still the alleged statement causes concern in Afghanistan .
March 9 – At least 19 people are killed by two suicide bombings in Kabul , and in Khost Province , as Chuck Hagel , the United States Secretary of Defense , visits the city .
March 10 – President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout .
March 11 – Two US and three Afghan soldiers are killed in Wardak Province in the latest insider attack against coalition forces . In a separate incident , two Afghan civilians are shot dead by American soldiers after failing to stop at a checkpoint near Kabul .
March 11 – Five U.S. service members are killed after a helicopter crash during a rainstorm in Daman district of Kandahar Province .
March 13 – A suicide bomber kills 10 spectators , including the district police chief , during a local gaming event in Kunduz province of northern Afghanistan .
March 25 – The United States agrees to hand over Bagram Jail , its main detention facility in Afghanistan , to the country 's government .
March 25 – United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to talk about the two countries ' strained relations .
March 26
Australia announces that it will be closing its base in Tarinkot in Urozgan Province , with the majority of troops returning home by the end of this year .
A suicide attack on a police station in Jalalabad , kills five police officers while seven attackers die .
One British soldier is killed and nine are wounded by Taliban insurgents in an attack on a patrol base with a truck bomb and small arms fire in Helmand Province , Nad Ali District .
March 26 – The Arab League summit begins in Qatar , Doha , with the Syria conflict and possible talks between the Afghanistan government and the Taliban among the key issues .
March 31 – President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani , the Emir of Qatar , to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan .
April
April 3 – more than 46 people are killed and more than 100 injured following an attack by Taliban militants armed with suicide vests on a courthouse in Farah .
April 4 – An airstrike conducted by NATO kills at least five people in the eastern Afghan province of Ghazni .
April 5 – An explosive-laden donkey is used in an attack on a police security post in the Alingar District of Laghman Province in eastern Afghanistan , killing a police officer and wounding three civilians .
April 6 – A bombing in Qalat , capital of the southern Kabul Province , kills three U.S. soldiers and two U.S. civilians , along with an Afghan doctor . An American civilian dies in another attack in the east of the country .
April 7 – An airstrike conducted by NATO kills at least 12 people in the Afghan province of Kunar .
April 8
Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai denounces the reported death of eleven children at the hands of NATO forces in Kunar Province and orders a government inquiry into the killings .
Taliban fighters are suspected of being responsible for a bus explosion that kills at least nine people and injures more than twenty others in Maidan Wardak Province .
April 9 – A helicopter crash kills two American NATO soldiers in eastern Afghanistan .
April 12 – Thirteen soldiers of the Afghan National Army are killed and one is injured in an ambush in the eastern Kunar Province .
April 22–11 people are kidnapped in Afghanistan after the helicopter they were in was forced to land . The Taliban takes responsibility for the abductions .
April 24 – A 5.7 magnitude earthquake strikes 25 kilometers from Jalalabad , leaving 33 people dead and another 115 injured . Heavy damage of buildings are reported across Nangarhar Province .
April 26 – Six police officers are poisoned and fatally shot in Kunduz Province while another one is missing .
April 26 – At least 30 people die in southern Afghanistan after a bus crashes into the wreckage of a truck attacked by Taliban insurgents .
April 27
The Taliban announces the start of their spring offensive , signaling plans to step up attacks as the weather warms across Afghanistan , making both travel and fighting easier .
A plane crashes in Southern Afghanistan killing four military personnel .
April 29 – A Boeing 747 crashes near an American military base in Bagram , killing all seven American crew members on board .
April 30 – A roadside bomb kills three members of NATO 's ISAF force in Afghanistan .
May
May 3 – A U.S. KC-135 tanker aircraft on its way to Afghanistan crashes in northern Kyrgyzstan after a mid-flight explosion .
May 4 – Five US soldiers are killed when a bomb detonates in Kandahar . Additionally , three more are killed in separate incidents .
May 6 – An Afghan border police guard is killed and two Pakistani troops are injured in border violence .
May 13 – Three Georgian soldiers are killed and several wounded in a large-scale insurgent attack on an ISAF base in the Helmand Province .
May 14 – The Taliban kills four US soldiers in Kandahar Province .
May 16 – A suicide bomber killed 15 people including two US soldiers and four NATO employees in Kabul . The explosion also wounded 39 people .
May 24 – Afghan security forces battle Taliban insurgents in central Kabul . An Afghan police officer , a Nepalese soldier , and numerous insurgents are killed .
May 29 – Insurgents storm a Red Cross guest house in Jalalabad .
June
June 2 – Taliban insurgents attack two checkpoints in the Kamdesh District in eastern Afghanistan killing four Afghan police officers .
June 3 – A suicide bombing in eastern Afghanistan kills at least 20 people , including 10 children .
June 4
Three corpses are dug up near a former U.S. military base in Narkh bringing the number of corpses whose deaths locals blame on the presence of United States personnel to 10 ; people flood the streets of Maidan Shar calling for the U.S. to leave .
Two British soldiers are court martialed for `` sexually and racially abusing civilians '' during their time in Afghanistan .
June 5 – U.S. staff sergeant Robert Bales avoids the death penalty by pleading guilty to the murder of 16 Afghan civilians , including nine children .
June 6 – Seven Georgian servicemen are killed and nine wounded in an insurgent attack with a truck bomb on the ISAF base in Shir Ghazay .
June 8
In Afghanistan , a man wearing an Afghan military uniform attacks and kills three American soldiers , in what appears to be an insider attack on U.S. International Security Assistance Force soldiers , based in east Afghanistan 's Paktika Province .
In a separate unrelated incident , an Italian soldier is killed and three are wounded when a child throws a grenade at a NATO convoy in west Afghanistan 's Farah Province .
June 10 – Seven heavily armed Taliban militants launch a coordinated attack near the main international airport of Kabul and seize a five-story building under construction nearby . Afghan security forces retake the building , killing all seven militants and sustaining no military or civilian casualties .
June 11 – A bomb detonates near the Afghan Supreme Court killing eight people and wounding dozens .
June 18
A bomb explodes in Kabul killing three people and wounding six .
Four United States troops are killed near Bagram Airfield .
June 25 – Taliban forces attack near the Presidential Palace in Kabul .
July
July 2 – Militants attack NATO headquarters in the north of Kabul resulting in at least two deaths .
July 9
An Afghan soldier kills a Slovak soldier and wounds six others .
Seventeen people are killed by a roadside bomb in .
July 18 – Eight Afghan labourers are killed on their way to work at a U.S. military base in Logar Province .
July 23 – A bomb kills eight people in AWardak Province , including three United States Army soldiers , four Afghan National Army soldiers and an Afghan interpreter .
July 29 – The New Zealand Ministry of Defence announces that it will investigate claims that it collected telephone metadata on Jon Stephenson , a freelance journalist for The McClatchy Company in Afghanistan .
August
August 1 – NATO forces in Afghanistan launch an investigation after a US airstrike in Nangarhar Province kills five Afghan police officers and injures another two .
August 3 – Nine children die in a suicide bombing near the Indian consulate in Jalalabad .
August 5 – A bomb explodes at a market in Kandahar , killing at least four people .
August 5 – More than 160 people are killed in flash floods across Afghanistan and Pakistan .
August 8 – A bomb explodes at a cemetery in Nangarhar Province , killing at least 14 people .
August 11 – Three U.S. soldiers are killed in an attack in Paktia province .
August 11 – Flash floods in Kabul province kill 22 people .
August 17–10 people are killed in a camp by insurgents in western Afghanistan .
August 23 – A routine joint patrol composed of British paratroopers , US Marines and Afghan soldiers targeted a village to search for illegal weapons in Helmand Province . After insertion by a Chinook helicopter , the patrol was ambushed by the Taliban , the resulting skirmish lasted approximately 45 minutes which killed 11 insurgents and wounded four more , a US Marine officer was also wounded , one soldier was awarded the Victoria Cross .
September
September 8 – The Taliban kills four Afghan National Army troops in an attack on an intelligence office near Kabul .
September 13 – Taliban insurgents attack the United States consulate in Herat , with two members of the Afghan National Police reported as killed and about 20 civilians injured .
September 15 – At least 27 miners die in an Afghanistan coal mine collapse .
October
October 15 – A bomb in a mosque in Logar Province kills the governor Arsala Jamal and results in other injuries .
October 26 – A gunfight between Afghan and foreign soldiers on the outskirts of the capital Kabul , kills at least one Afghan serviceman and injures a number of other soldiers .
October 27 – A roadside bomb in eastern Afghanistan kills 18 people .
October 28 – Australia declares its war in Afghanistan over while the Prime Minister , Tony Abbott , visits Afghanistan .
November
November 13 – Poppy farmers in Afghanistan report record yields for their opium crops .
November 16 – Suicide car bombing in Kabul kills six people and injures twenty .
December
December 4 – The United States stops shipping supplies to Afghanistan through Pakistan due to protests over drone attacks .
December 6 – Royal Marine Sergeant Alexander Blackman is given a life sentence by a court martial for the murder of an unarmed insurgent .
December 15 – The last Australian combat troops leave Afghanistan .
December 23 – Captain Richard Holloway of the Special Boat Service was killed by Taliban gunfire whilst on a joint SBS-Afghan forces raid ( with air support ) on Taliban insurgents in a valley east of Kabul , ahead of the Afghanistan elections .
December 27 – A suicide bomber attacks a foreign military convoy on the eastern outskirts of Kabul , killing at least three foreign soldiers , police and the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force .
References
Afghanistan
2010s in Afghanistan
Years of the 21st century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
USA-190 , also known as GPS IIR-15 ( M ) , GPS IIRM-2 and GPS SVN-52 , is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System . It was the second of eight Block IIRM satellites to be launched , and the fifteenth of twenty one Block IIR satellites overall . It was built by Lockheed Martin , using the AS-4000 satellite bus .
USA-190 was launched at 18:50 UTC on 25 September 2006 , atop a Delta II carrier rocket , flight number D318 , flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration . The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , and placed USA-190 into a transfer orbit . The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor .
By 25 November 2006 , USA-190 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.9 minutes , and 55 degrees of inclination to the equator . It is used to broadcast the PRN 31 signal , and operates in slot 2 of plane A of the GPS constellation . The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years . As of 2012 it remains in service .
References
Spacecraft launched in 2006
GPS satellites
USA satellites
The First Piano Quartet was a quartet of pianists first organized in the United States in 1941 . Its founding members were Vladimir Padwa , George Robert , Adam Garner , and Henry Holt . The quartet was originally conceived of as a radio group , with a weekly show that soon became twice weekly . In 1943 , Franz Mittler and Edward Edson replaced George Robert and Henry Holt , who had joined the army . The quartet made its New York concert debut in 1949 .
The quartet toured extensively with their four Steinway pianos from the 1940s through the late 1950s , and made recordings in the 1940s and 1950s . Most of its arrangements were made by Adam Garner .
By 1950 , Padwa had left the quartet , replaced temporarily by George Robert . In 1952 , Glauco D'Attili ( 1920–2007 ) became the latest member , replacing George Robert . D'Attili , a former child prodigy from Rome was brought to the United States in 1927 by Benjamino Gigli and was probably the most well-known of the group . They appeared , along with Edward Edson , Adam Garner , and Frank Mittler , in two movie shorts for 20th Century Fox in 1954 , The First Piano Quartette and Piano Encores . Both were directed by Otto Lang , and The First Piano Quartette was nominated for an Academy Award in 1954 in the category Best Short Subject , One-reel . The group also appeared on both The Ed Sullivan Show ( Episode # 7.30 ) and The Lawrence Welk Show .
In the mid-1950s D'Attili was replaced by William Gunther ( Sprecher ) and the quartet renamed itself to the Original Piano Quartet . The quartet appeared under its new name at Town Hall , New York on March 29 , 1962 .
In 1970 William Gunther asked Rami Bar-Niv to replace them in the quartet . Bar-Niv was part of the quartet until they returned to Israel in 1972 .
The First Piano Quartet 's collection of music is housed in the Music Division of the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts .
References
Bibliography
David Ewen , Encyclopedia of Concert Music . New York ; Hill and Wang , 1959 .
External links
Musical groups established in 1941
Chamber music groups
The Georgian National Museum ( ) unifies several leading museums in Georgia .
The museum was established within the framework of structural , institutional , and legal reforms aimed at modernizing the management of the institutions united within this network , and at coordinating research and educational activities . Since its formation on December 30 , 2004 , the Museum has been directed by professor David Lordkipanidze .
The Georgian National Museum integrates the management of the following museums :
Simon Janashia Museum of Georgia , Tbilisi
Samtskhe-Javakheti History Museum , Akhaltsikhe
Open Air Museum of Ethnography , Tbilisi
Art Museum of Georgia , Tbilisi , and its branches
Museum of the Soviet Occupation , Tbilisi
Dmanisi Museum-Reserve of History and Archaeology , Dmanisi
Vani Museum-Reserve of Archaeology , Vani
Museum of History of Tbilisi , Tbilisi
Museum of History and Ethnography of Svaneti , Mestia
Institute of Palaeobiology , Tbilisi
Sighnaghi Museum , Sighnaghi
Bolnisi Museum , in Bolnisi
See also
List of museums in Tbilisi
List of museums in Georgia
References
Museums in Georgia . Ministry of Culture , Monuments Protection and Sport . Retrieved on December 16 , 2007 .
Museums established in 2004
National museums
Museums in Tbilisi
Art museums and galleries in Georgia ( country )
2004 establishments in Georgia ( country )
Events from the year 1658 in Ireland .
Incumbent
Lord Protector : Oliver Cromwell ( until 3 September ) , then Richard Cromwell
Events
September 3 – Richard Cromwell proclaimed Lord Protector of England , Scotland and Ireland upon the death of their father , Oliver Cromwell .
Births
Francis Makemie , clergyman , considered to be the founder of Presbyterianism in the US ( d.1708 )
Deaths
References
1650s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 17th century in Ireland
Llechgynfarwy ( or Llechcynfarwy ) is a hamlet in the community of Tref Alaw , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 136.5 miles ( 219.7 km ) from Cardiff and 219.7 miles ( 353.5 km ) from London . It is the location of St Cynfarwy 's Church .
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
References
Villages in Anglesey
Demon Squad ( also known as Night Hunters ) is a 2019 American neo-noir horror film directed by Thomas Smith .
Summary
Paranormal investigator Nick Moon from Alabama , hunting for ancient artifact , is thrust into the hidden world of supernatural beings .
Cast
Khristian Fulmer
Erin Lilley
Leah Christine Johnson
Scott Alan Warner
Legacy
It is featured as the sixth riffed film of Mystery Science Theater 3000s thirteenth season . It is the first episode hosted by original host Joel Robinson ( played by series creator Joel Hodgson ) since their 1993 departure .
See also
Film noir
The X-Files
References
External links
IMDb
Official trailer
Rotten Tomatoes
2019 horror films
American horror films
Films set in Alabama
2019 films
2010s rediscovered films
Rediscovered American films
2019 independent films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
`` Heart Trouble '' was the third official release by the Detroit soul group The Parliaments . Released in 1965 by Golden World Records ( GW-46 ) , it was the only single the Parliaments recorded for the label .
In 1965 , the Parliaments ' line up ( which continued until 1977 ) was George Clinton , Grady Thomas , Ray Davis , Fuzzy Haskins and Calvin Simon .
`` Heart Trouble '' was later re-worked in 1973 under the title `` You Ca n't Miss What You Ca n't Measure '' , featured on the Funkadelic album Cosmic Slop . Another version was recorded about three years earlier , yet did not surface until the 2008 release of the CD `` Toys '' . The B-side , `` That Was My Girl '' , was re-recorded in 1972 and featured on America Eats Its Young .
The Parliaments songs
1965 songs
Songs written by George Clinton ( funk musician )
Prasat Bakong District is a district located in Siem Reap Province , in north-west Cambodia . According to the 1998 census of Cambodia , it had a population of 54,129 .
See also
Roluos ( temples ) - the three early Angkor temples known as the `` Roluos group '' are located to the north-west of the village of this name ( not to be confused with Roluos , in the Svay Chek District , Banteay Meanchey Province ) , in the western part of the district and 13 km east of the provincial capital of Siem Reap .
Administrative divisions
References
Districts of Cambodia
Geography of Siem Reap province
The Shaheen-III ( Urdu : ; lit . White Falcon-III ) is a Pakistani land-based surface-to-surface medium range ballistic missile , which was tested fired for the first time by military service on 9 March 2015 .
Development began in secrecy in the early 2000s in response to India 's Agni-III , Shaheen was successfully tested on 9 March 2015 with a range of 2750 km ( 1700 mi ) , which enables it to strike all of India and reach deep into the Middle East parts of North Africa . The missile , according to a former Director General of Pakistan 's Strategic Plans Division , is designed to reach the Indian islands of Andaman and Nicobar so that India can not use them as “ strategic bases ” to establish a “ second strike capability . ”
The Shaheen program is composed of the solid-fuel system in contrast to the Ghauri program that is primarily based on liquid-fuel system . With the successful launch of the Shaheen-III , it surpasses the range of Shaheen-II— hence , it is the longest-range missile to be launched by the military .
The US Air Force National Air and Space Intelligence Center estimates that as of June 2017 this missile type was not yet operationally deployed .
Overview
Development history
The range of the Shaheen-3 is sufficient to target all mainland India from launch positions in most of Pakistan to the south of Islamabad . But apparently , the missile was developed to do more than that . According to Gen. Kidwai , the range of 2750 km was determined by a need to be able to target the Nicobar and Andaman Islands in the eastern part of the Indian Ocean that are “ developed as strategic bases ” where “ India might think of putting its weapons ” . But for a 2750-km range Shaheen-3 to reach the Andaman and Nicobar Islands , it would need to be launched from positions in the very Eastern parts of Pakistan , close to the Indian border . If deployed in the Western parts of the Balochistan province , the range of the Shaheen-3 would for the first time bring Israel within range of Pakistani nuclear missiles .
In 2000 , the Space Research Commission concluded at least two design studies for its space launch vehicle . Initially , there were two earlier designs were shown in IDEAS held in 2002 and its design was centered on developing a space booster based on the design technologies of the Shaheen-I . Since then , Shaheen owes its existence largely to the joint efforts led by NDC of NeScom and Space Research Commission .
The Shaheen-III was shrouded in top secrecy and very little information was available to the public , mostly provided in 2002 IDEAS . Majority of the efforts and funding was being made available to Ghauri-III to seek strike in Eastern region of India . In May 2000 , the Ghauri-III was cancelled due to its less advance and lack of technological gain . Despite strong advocacy by Abdul Qadeer Khan for the Ghauri-III program made to be feasible , the program was terminated by then-President Pervez Musharraf who made the funding available for Shaheen-III program which was to be led under Samar Mubarakmand . The Air Force , however , pressed for Shaheen-III to make it feasible as liquids were being developed that would allow the missiles to be left in a ready-to-shoot form for extended periods .
The Shaheen-III was initially purposed as the space booster for the space program to make it possible for installing the satellite payload applications . Despite its efforts , the existence of Shaheen-III continued to be speculated in news media as Pakistan Ministry of Defence and the Joint Staff HQ nor confirms or deny the existence of the program .
In a press conference held in Lahore in 2009 , Samar Mubarakmand stated that : `` Pakistan would launch its own satellite in April 2011 . '' Although no confirmation or denial of Shaheen program 's existence was given by Dr. Mubarakmand , the rumors and speculations yet to be continued for the existence of the program .
After years of speculations , the Shaheen-III was eventually revealed and tested on 9 March 2015 with a 2750 km ( 1700-mile ) range .
It uses the WS21200 transporter erector launcher ( TEL ) manufactured in China by Wanshan Special Vehicle .
Testing
On 9 March 2015 , the ISPR released a press statement on notifying the successful testing of the Shaheen-III that was conducted from the southern coast off the Arabian Sea .
Military officials from JS HQ , SPD scientists and engineers , oversaw the launch of the system and witnessed the impact point in the Arabian Sea . Reports summed up by NTI , there had been series of testings taken place of the rocket engine nozzles before the eventual tests took place in 2015 .
On 20 January 2021 , the ISPR released a press statement stating that a successful test of Shaheen-III aimed at `` revalidating various design & tech parameters of weapon system '' was conducted .
On 9 April 2022 , the ISPR released a press statement stating that a successful test of Shaheen-III aimed at `` re-validating various design and technical parameters of the weapon system '' was conducted .
Analysis
Strategic prospect
Several Pakistani nuclear and military strategists reportedly quoted that the `` Shaheen-III has a range greater than that of any other missile system in-service with Pakistan . Earlier testings of Shaheen-III had the maximum range of about 2,500km , which meant it can reach all parts of India , even the northeastern and eastern frontier .
Air Marshal Shahid Latif , a retired senior commander in the Pakistan Air Force , was reported to have said : `` Now , India does n't have its safe havens any more . It 's all a reaction to India , which has now gone even for tests of extra-regional missiles . It sends a [ very ] loud message : If you hurt us , we are going to hurt you back ! `` .
Mansoor Ahmad , a professor of Strategic studies at the Islamabad 's Quaid-i-Azam University , stated , `` Pakistan 's military , however , is not interested in a `` tit-for-tat '' arms race with India , '' and speculated that developmental work may be under progress to make missile capable of delivering multiple warheads which would make them harder to defend against . Pakistan would later test the Ababeel missile with this capability .
Peace prospect
In a view of political scientist , Dr. Farrukh Saleem , the Shaheen-III seems to be a reaction to Integrated Guided Missile Development Program . Dr. Saleem , on the other hand , stressed that : `` Pakistan seem to be aiming at competing with India and Pakistan 's aims seem to revolve around the creation of a credible deterrence , and a credible deterrence is bound to strengthen strategic stability . ''
See also
Pakistan and its Nuclear Deterrent Program
Medium-range ballistic missile
Ababeel , a development of the Shaheen-III with an enlarged payload fairing containing a MIRV bus
References
External links
Shaheen III test fire video
Image of Shaheen 3 Missile on Launchpad
2015 in Pakistan
Embedded systems
Medium-range ballistic missiles of Pakistan
Military equipment introduced in the 2010s
Tracula is a former Ancient city and bishopric in Asia Minor , which remains a Latin Catholic titular see .
Its modern site is Darkale , in Asian Turkey .
History
Tracula , identifiable with Darkale in modern Turkey , is an ancient episcopal see of the Roman province of Lydia in the civil Diocese of Asia . It was part of the Patriarchate of Constantinople and was suffragan of the Archdiocese of Sardis .
Tracula was important enough in the Roman province of Lydia to become one of the numerous suffragans of its capital city 's Metropolitan Archbishopric of Sardes , but was to fade .
The seat is not mentioned by Michel Le Quien in their work Oriens Christianus . The Bishop Leo is nevertheless recorded in the episcopal lists of the Second Council of Nicea of 787 .
Today Tracula survives as a vacant titular bishopric and has been vacant since 25 December 1966 .
Titular see
The diocese was nominally restored in 1933 as a Latin Catholic titular bishopric .
It is vacant for decades , having had the following incumbents of the lowest ( episcopal ) rank :
Titular Bishop John Colburn Garner ( 1948.04.09 – 1951.01.11 ) , as Apostolic Vicar of Pretoria ( South Africa ) ( 1948.04.09 – 1951.01.11 ) , promoted first Metropolitan Archbishop of Pretoria ( 1951.01.11 – 1975.04.28 ) and Military Vicar of South Africa ( South Africa ) ( 1951.05.17 – 1976.03.26 )
Titular Bishop John van Sambeek , White Fathers ( M . Afr . ) ( 1957.11.22 – 1966.12.25 ) as emeritate ; previously Titular Bishop of Gergis ( 1936.11.19 – 1953.03.25 ) & Apostolic Vicar of Tanganyika ( Tanzania ) ( 1936.11.19 – 1946.05.10 ) , Apostolic Vicar of Kigoma ( Tanzania ) ( 1946.05.10 – 1953.03.25 ) , promoted first Bishop of Kigoma ( 1953.03.25 – 1957.11.22 )
References
External links
GCatholic with titular incumbent bio links
Catholic titular sees in Asia
Dioceses established in the 1st century
Populated places in ancient Lydia
Roman towns and cities in Turkey
Former populated places in Turkey
Populated places of the Byzantine Empire
Lost ancient cities and towns
UFC on ESPN : Smith vs. Clark ( also known as UFC on ESPN 18 and UFC Vegas 15 ) was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that took place on November 28 , 2020 , at the UFC Apex facility in Enterprise , Nevada , part of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Area , United States .
Background
A heavyweight bout between Curtis Blaydes and former UFC Heavyweight Championship challenger Derrick Lewis was expected to serve as the event headliner . However , Blaydes tested positive for COVID-19 a day before the event and the bout was cancelled .
Shamil Gamzatov was briefly linked to a fight with Devin Clark at the event . However , Gamzatov was removed from the bout in mid-October due to alleged visa issues and replaced by former UFC Light Heavyweight Championship challenger Anthony Smith . Originally scheduled to be a three-round co-main event , this bout was promoted to serve as the new five-round headliner after the cancellation of the original main event .
A featherweight bout between Sean Woodson and Jonathan Pearce was scheduled for the event . However , Woodson withdrew a week before the event due to unknown reasons and was replaced by Kai Kamaka III .
Renato Moicano and Rafael Fiziev were expected to meet in a lightweight bout at this event . However , Moicano pulled out on November 21 after testing positive for COVID-19 and the bout was rescheduled for UFC 256 .
A flyweight bout between Amir Albazi and Zhalgas Zhumagulov was expected to take place at this event . However , it was announced on November 24 that Zhumagulov pulled out due to visa issues and the bout was rescheduled for UFC 257 .
At the weigh-ins , Norma Dumont Viana weighed in at 139.5 pounds , three and a half pounds over the women 's bantamweight non-title fight limit . Them bout proceeded at catchweight and they were fined 30 % of their individual purse , which went to their opponent Ashlee Evans-Smith .
Results
Bonus awards
The following fighters received $ 50,000 bonuses .
Fight of the Night : No bonus awarded .
Performance of the Night : Anthony Smith , Miguel Baeza , Su Mudaerji and Nathan Maness
See also
List of UFC events
List of current UFC fighters
2020 in UFC
References
UFC on ESPN
2020 in mixed martial arts
2020 in sports in Nevada
Mixed martial arts in Las Vegas
Sports competitions in Las Vegas
November 2020 sports events in the United States
Hofwil Castle is a castle in the municipality of Münchenbuchsee of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
The castle was built in 1784–86 by the architect Carl Ahasver von Sinner for Gabriel Albrecht von Erlach . A peristyle was added to the neo-classical building in 1798 .
Castle grounds
The land around the castle was laid out as an English garden with a pavilion which holds the tomb of Emanuel von Fellenberg . The park is decorated with a number of statues including a bronze youth by Max Fueter from 1949 and the Pestalozzi monument by Alfred Lanz from 1888 . The workshops and barn were built in 1885 .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Mount Amiata is the largest of the lava domes in the Amiata lava dome complex located about 20 km northwest of Lake Bolsena in the southern Tuscany region of Italy . It is located within the provinces of Grosseto and Siena .
Geology
Mount Amiata ( La Vetta ) is a compound lava dome with a trachytic lava flow that extends to the east . It is part of the larger Amiata complex volcano . A massive viscous trachydacitic lava flow , 5 km long and 4 km wide , is part of the basal complex and extends from beneath the southern base of Corno de Bellaria dome . Radiometric dates indicate that the Amiata complex had a major eruptive episode about 300,000 years ago . No eruptive activity has occurred at Amiata during the Holocene , but thermal activity including cinnabar mineralization continues at a geothermal field near the town of Bagnore , at the SW end of the dome complex .
Economy
The main economical resources of the Amiata region are chestnuts , timber and , increasingly , tourism ( ski resorts include the peak area , Prato delle Macinaie , Prato della Contessa , Rifugio Cantore and Pian della Marsiliana ) . The lower areas are characterized by olive trees and vines . Other vegetation include beech and fir . From the 1870s until around 1980 cinnabar was extracted here .
The region is included in the comuni of Abbadia San Salvatore , Arcidosso , Castel del Piano , Piancastagnaio , Santa Fiora and Seggiano , all located between 600 and 800 metres of altitude .
See also
List of volcanoes in Italy
References
External links
Monte Amiata museum of mercury mines
Museum of Mines of Mercury Monte Amiata at Google Cultural Institute
Mountains of Tuscany
Volcanoes of Italy
Mercury mining
Pleistocene lava domes
Şebnem Nehazat Kimyacıoğlu ( born June 14 , 1983 ) is a Turkish-American player in the Turkish Women 's Basketball Team . They are an alumnus from Pinewood High School in California and graduated from Stanford before returning to Turkey . Şebnem 's sister , Yasemin Kimyacıoğlu , is also a star basketball player still attending college at Santa Clara University .
They currently play for Galatasaray and also played for Beşiktaş Cola Turka .
Stanford statistics
See also
Turkish women in sports
References
External links
Şebnem 's Statistics
1983 births
Living people
American women 's basketball players
Basketball players from California
American people of Turkish descent
Beşiktaş women 's basketball players
Galatasaray S.K . ( women 's basketball ) players
People from Santa Clara , California
Power forwards ( basketball )
Stanford Cardinal women 's basketball players
Basketball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Turkey
The band-tailed antshrike ( Thamnophilus melanothorax ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae . It is found in the eastern Guianas of Suriname and French Guiana mostly ; also Brazil , Guyana , and Atlantic regions of the Amazon Basin , and some local regions upstream on the Amazon . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical swamps .
The band-tailed antshrike was described by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1857 and given the binomial name Thamnophilus melanothorax . It was subsequently placed in the genus Sakesphorus . A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2007 found that Sakesphorus was polyphyletic and that three species including the band-tailed antshrike were embedded within a clade containing members of Thamnophilus . The band-tailed antshrike was therefore moved back to its original genus .
References
External links
Photo-Low Res ; Article birdtours.co.uk
band-tailed antshrike
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
band-tailed antshrike
band-tailed antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hussain Niyaz Mohamed ( born 19 March 1987 ) , nicknamed Bokury , is a Maldivian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Club Valencia and Maldives national team .
International goals
Scores and results list the Maldives goal tally first .
References
External links
Hussain Niyaz stats 1 at maldivesoccer.com
Hussain Niyaz stats 1 at maldivesoccer.com
1987 births
Living people
Maldivian footballers
Maldives international footballers
New Radiant S.C. players
Victory Sports Club players
Association football wingers
Footballers at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for the Maldives
Baiker is town and union council of Dera Bugti District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan . In 2006 the government of Pakistan announced that it was investing in various project in Balochistan including the Baiker area .
References
Populated places in Dera Bugti District
Union councils of Balochistan , Pakistan
Saint Sinner may refer to :
Saint Sinner ( comics ) , a comic book series published by Marvel Comics and created by Clive Barker
Saint Sinner ( film ) , a 2002 television movie also created by Clive Barker
The Harry H. Goode Memorial Award is an IEEE Computer Society annual awards in honor of Harry H. Goode for achievements in the information processing field which are considered either a single contribution of theory , design , or technique of outstanding significance , or the accumulation of important contributions on theory or practice over an extended time period , the total of which represent an outstanding contribution .
Recipients
Recipients include :
See also
List of computer science awards
References
External links
Harry H. Goode Memorial Award - IEEE Computer Society . Info and winner list .
IEEE Computer Society Award List . Small info about the award .
Computer science awards
IEEE society and council awards
Teigan Island ( ) is a rocky island , 0.2 nautical miles ( 0.4 km ) long , lying 0.1 nautical miles ( 0.2 km ) northeast of Bosner Island , near the south end of the Windmill Islands . First mapped from aerial photographs taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in February 1947 . Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for B. Teigan , who served as air crewman with the central task group of U.S. Navy Operation Highjump , 1946–47 , and also with U.S. Navy Operation Windmill which obtained aerial and ground photographic coverage of the Windmill Islands in January 1948 .
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Windmill Islands
Prof Charles René Zeiller HFRSE ( 14 January 1847 , in Nancy – 27 November 1915 , in Paris ) was a French mining engineer and paleobotanist .
Life
They studied at the École Polytechnique ( 1865–67 ) and at the École nationale supérieure des mines ( 1867–70 ) , where from 1878 onward , they taught classes in paleobotany . In 1911 they were appointed vice-president of the Conseil général des mines .
In 1881 they became a member of the Société botanique de France , later serving as its vice-president ( 1898 ) and president ( 1899 and 1904 ) . In 1893 they were named president of the Société géologique de France and from 1901 to 1915 , was a member of the Académie des Sciences ( botanical section ) .
The paleobotanical genera Zeilleria , Zeillerisporites and Zeilleropteris commemorate theirs name .
Selected works
Végétaux fossiles du terrain houiller de la France , 1880 .
Notes sur la flore bouillère des Asturies , 1882 .
Flore fossile ( with Bernhard Renault ) , 1888–89 .
Étude sur la constitution de l'appareil fructificateur des Sphenophyllum , 1893 .
Éléments de paléobotanique , 1900 .
Flore fossile des gîtes de charbon du Tonkin , 1902 .
References
External links
IDREF.fr Extensive bibliography
1847 births
1915 deaths
People from Nancy , France
19th-century French botanists
French paleontologists
French mining engineers
Paleobotanists
Presidents of Société géologique de France
20th-century French botanists
ECHS may refer to :
Schools
Canada
Edmonton Christian High School , Edmonton , Alberta
United States
East Catholic High School , Manchester , Connecticut
East Central High School ( disambiguation ) , Tulsa , Oklahoma
East Chambers High School , Winnie , Texas
East Coweta High School , Coweta County , Georgia
Eastern Christian High School , North Haledon , New Jersey
Effingham County High School , Effingham County , Georgia
El Camino High School ( disambiguation )
El Capitan High School , Lakeside , California
El Cerrito High School , El Cerrito , California
Elkhart Central High School , Elkhart , Indiana
Elyria Catholic High School , Elyria , Ohio
Environmental Charter High School , Lawndale , California
Escondido Charter High School , Escondido , California
Essex Catholic High School , Newark and East Orange , New Jersey
Other uses
Early college high school , programs that allow students to obtain college credit while in high school
ECHS1 ( Enoyl Coenzyme A hydratase ) , a human gene
Ex-servicemen Contributory Health Scheme ( ECHS ) ; see Military Hospital , Hisar
Extended cylinder-head-sector ) block , a translation scheme for data storage
Donald Duckworth is a retired NASCAR Grand National Series driver from Gray Court , South Carolina , US .
Career
Duckworth made their sole Cup Series appearance at the 1955 Southern 500 under the Woodruff Motors sponsorship livery while driving a 1955 Chevrolet .
In the 1955 Southern 500 , Duckworth qualified 40th and finished 55th after Arden Mounts crashed into their stalled vehicle on lap 147 . While Bill Champion managed to avoid Duckworth by swerving past the vehicle rapidly , Mounts did not see the stalled vehicle it was until too late to avoid him . Duckworth earned $ 50 ( $ when adjusted for inflation ) .
Despite their very brief career , their appearance on filmed media makes them one of the more recognizable drivers who never made it in professional stock car racing .
References
Living people
NASCAR drivers
People from Gray Court , South Carolina
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Racing drivers from South Carolina
Móu ( ) is a Chinese surname .
Notable people
Mou Zongsan ( ; pinyin : Móu Zōngsān ; Wade–Giles : Mou Tsung-san , 1909–1995 ) , Chinese New Confucian philosopher
Mou Tun-fei ( , May 3 , 1941 - May 25 , 2019 ) , Chinese filmmaker
Mou Shantao , Chinese footballer
Individual Chinese surnames
Udelny ( ; masculine ) , Udelnaya ( ; feminine ) , or Udelnoye ( ; neuter ) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia .
Urban localities
Udelnaya , Moscow Oblast , a suburban ( dacha ) settlement in Ramensky District of Moscow Oblast
Rural localities
Udelnoye , Kirov Oblast , a village in Shvarikhinsky Rural Okrug of Nolinsky District of Kirov Oblast
Udelnoye , Alexeyevsky Rural Okrug , Sovetsky District , Mari El Republic , a village in Alexeyevsky Rural Okrug of Sovetsky District of the Mari El Republic
Udelnoye , Vyatsky Rural Okrug , Sovetsky District , Mari El Republic , a village in Vyatsky Rural Okrug of Sovetsky District of the Mari El Republic
Udelnaya , Mari El Republic , a village in Gornoshumetsky Rural Okrug of Yurinsky District of the Mari El Republic
Lucky Stiff is a 1988 American black comedy film written by Pat Proft and directed by Anthony Perkins . It is their only directing credit apart from Psycho III .
Plot
Ron Douglas takes a vacation in the mountains to seek solace from their bride abandoning them on their wedding day . There they meet Cynthia Mitchell , who invites them home for Christmas dinner with their family , cannibalistic descendants of the Donner Party . They unexpectedly encounter their ex-fiancée , who is engaged to one of Cynthia 's relatives . They also discover that they are going to be killed and eaten by Cynthia 's family . They manage to successfully escape with their ex-fiancée and they agree to go through with the wedding .
Cast
Donna Dixon as Cynthia Mitchell
Joe Alaskey as Ron Douglas
Jeff Kober as Ike
Fran Ryan as Ma
William Morgan Sheppard as Pa
Barbara Howard as Frances
Leigh McCloskey as Eric West
Elizabeth Arlen as Arlene
Charles Frank as Durel
Andy Wood as Futterman
Bill Quinn as Emmet Kassler
David Smith as Roman Kassler
Joe Unger as Kirby
Dustin `` Beluga '' DeMont as the 3rd grade stuntman double
Production
Filming took place in Truckee , California .
Release
The film was released in the United States in November 1988 , followed by Australia on December 7 , 1989 , France on February 21 , 1990 , and Portugal on March 15 , 1991 . While a box office failure , the film developed a cult following due to its quotable dialogue and exposure in Fangoria , who did a feature on the film .
References
External links
1988 films
American black comedy films
1980s black comedy films
Films directed by Anthony Perkins
Films scored by Michael Tavera
New Line Cinema films
Films with screenplays by Pat Proft
1988 comedy films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Sir Edwyn Hoskyns , 12th Baronet ( 22 May 18512 December 1925 ) was a British Anglican bishop who served in the Church of England in the early 20th century .
Early life
Edwyn Hoskyns was born at Aston Tirrold ( where their father was Rector ) , fourth son of John Leigh Hoskyns ( 9th Baronet ) and Emma ( daughter of John Peyton KCH ) . They were educated at Lancing College , Haileybury and Imperial Service College , and then Jesus College , Cambridge , from which they obtained a BA in 1873 and MA in 1880 . They were succeeded in the baronetcy by their only son , theologian Edwyn Clement Hoskyns ( 1884–1937 ) .
Career
They were ordained deacon in 1874 and priest in the Church of England in 1875 ; and was assistant curate at Welwyn in Hertfordshire 1875–1879 and Quebec Chapel , London 1879–1881 to Canon F. J . Holland . (
They were Vicar of St Clement , Notting Hill from 1880 to 1886 , Rector of St Dunstan 's , Stepney from 1886 to 1895 , Vicar of Bolton Parish Church from 1895 to 1901 , and an Honorary Canon of Manchester Cathedral . In September 1901 they were appointed Suffragan Bishop of Burnley , and they were consecrated as bishop in York Minster on 18 October 1901 . They were appointed Bishop of Southwell in 1904 , was offered but turned down the position of Archbishop of Cape Town in 1908 , and remained Bishop of Southwell until their death in 1925 .
They received the degree Doctor of Divinity ( DD ) from Jesus College , Cambridge , in December 1901 .
Hoskyns was an Acting Chaplain to the 2nd Volunteer Battalion of the Loyal North Lancashire Regiment until they resigned as such in May 1902 .
Hoskyns was a strong supporter of British involvement in the Great War . After receiving reports of German atrocities against Belgian and French citizens , they wrote , 'It is witness sufficient of the utter unfitness of Germany to take any lead among modern nations ; and it is sufficient to justify our gallant sons in their determination to put an end to the unbearable idea of German supremacy in Europe , ' Three years later , despite heavy casualties , Hoskyns referred back to the declaration of War in August , 1914 . 'The nation as a nation leapt to arms , and our sons have died for no sordid purpose , but for righteousness , for mercy , for liberty . Let it rather be our boast . ' In January , 1918 , they wrote , ' I have never feared to speak of this war as a Holy War for our allies , and of our men as crusaders . '
The monthly diocesan magazines show Hoskins 's pride at so many clergy volunteering as chaplains and in other roles such as combatants . The magazines also record relatives of clergy who were in the services including wounded and deceased .
Hoskyns 's son , Clement , was awarded a MC as a Temporary Chaplain to the Forces .
A snapshot of Hoskyns and Southwell is provided in a letter of Mrs Dorothy Otter , wife of the Bishop of Grantham . They were friendly with Evy , one of Hoskyns 's daughters , and witnessed dinner parties at the Bishop 's Palace with evening gowns etc .. They wrote of Hoskyns , 'He was and still is my idea of a real bishop – dignified but not pompous – humorous and very human – but a man of prayer and discipline in their personal life – a true servant of their Master ' .
Arms
Notes
Bibliography
Richard E. Parsons , Sir Edwyn Hoskyns as a Biblical Theologian ( 1985 ) , C , Hurst & Co .
External links
Papers housed within The National Archives
Grace Quotes : a quotation by author Edwyn Hoskyns on the subject of sin
1851 births
1925 deaths
Old Haileyburians
People educated at Lancing College
Alumni of Jesus College , Cambridge
Bishops of Southwell
20th-century Church of England bishops
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
Peaches is the second extended play by South Korean singer Kai . It was released on November 30 , 2021 , by SM Entertainment . The EP contains of six tracks including the lead single of the same name . The physical album is available in three versions two photobook versions and one digipack .
Background and release
On October 26 , 2021 , SM Entertainment announced that Kai will release their second solo album in November 2021 .
On November 11 , it was announced that Kai will release their second extended play Peaches on November 30 , 2021 .
Composition
The title song `` Peaches '' features sweet vibes , raising expectations as you can also meet hip-hop-based songs that remind you of Kai 's powerful performance . `` Vanilla '' is an indie-pop genre song that combines drowsy guitar , bongo , and tropical synthesizer sounds , comparing the feeling of falling in love with a soft vanilla taste , and the repeated chorus doubles the dreamy atmosphere of the song . The song `` Domino '' was described R & B hip-hop genre song with heavy bass , drums , and low-tone vocals which lyrically expresses that once it starts , let 's move away from the gaze or worries of others and move as much as we want . `` Come In '' was described as a groovy hip-hop dance genre song that impresses the use of layered bases , synthesizers , and vocoders , with the lyrics that express the message of not hesitating in love and approaching boldly are eye-catching . `` To Be Honest '' is a song with a rhythmical main riff , drums , and 808 bass , with the lyrics about expressing each other 's feelings honestly and not hiding their feelings anymore doubles their charm . `` Blue '' is a R & B pop genre song that combines lo-fi guitar and emotional piano performance , and depicts contradictory emotions about wanting to be alone but wanting someone to recognize and hold me .
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2021 EPs
Kai ( entertainer , born 1994 ) EPs
Korean-language EPs
SM Entertainment EPs
California 's 8th State Senate district is one of 40 California State Senate districts . It is currently represented by Republican Andreas Borgeas of Fresno .
District profile
The district stretches from the Sacramento suburbs to Death Valley . It encompasses most of the southern Sierra Nevada and parts of the Gold Country and Central Valley . The Central Valley portions comprise most of the district 's population .
All of Amador County
Amador City
Ione
Jackson
Plymouth
Sutter Creek
All of Calaveras County
Angels Camp
Fresno County – 55.9 %
Clovis
Fresno – 69.7 %
All of Inyo County
Bishop
Madera County – 18.9 %
Oakhurst
Yosemite Lakes
All Mariposa County
Mariposa
All Mono County
Mammoth Lakes
Sacramento County – 3.0 %
Rancho Cordova – 30.5 %
Stanislaus County – 28.2 %
Hughson
Oakdale
Turlock
Waterford
Tulare County – 0.9 %
Three Rivers
All of Tuolumne County
Sonora
Election results from statewide races
List of senators
Due to redistricting , the 8th district has been moved around different parts of the state . The current iteration resulted from the 2011 redistricting by the California Citizens Redistricting Commission .
Election results 1994 - present
2018
2014
2010
2006
2002
1998
1994
See also
California State Senate Districts
California State Senate
Districts in California
References
External links
District map from the California Citizens Redistricting Commission
08
Sierra Nevada ( United States )
Government of Amador County , California
Government of Calaveras County , California
Government of Fresno County , California
Government of Inyo County , California
Government of Madera County , California
Government of Mariposa County , California
Government of Mono County , California
Government of Sacramento County , California
Government of Stanislaus County , California
Government of Tulare County , California
Government of Tuolumne County , California
Bishop , California
Clovis , California
Fresno , California
Oakdale , California
Rancho Cordova , California
Sonora , California
Turlock , California
ABP Ganga is a 24-hour Indian regional Hindi-language news channel for Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand . It is owned by ABP Group . The channel was launched on 15 April 2019 .
See also
ABP Group
ABP News
List of Indian television stations
24-hour television news channels
References
External links
ABP News
ABP Majha
ABP Ananda
ABP SANJHA
ABP Asmita
Latest News Today , Breaking News & Top News Headlines
24-hour television news channels in India
Hindi-language television channels in India
Television channels and stations established in 2019
ABP Group
Trading with the Enemy Act is a stock short title used for legislation in the United Kingdom and the United States relating to trading with the enemy .
Trading with the Enemy Acts is also a generic name for a class of legislation generally passed during or approaching a war that prohibit not just mercantile activities with foreign nationals , but also acts that might assist the enemy . While originally limited to wartime , in the 20th century these Acts were applied in cases of national emergency as well . For example , in 1940 , before the United States entry into World War II the president imposed broad prohibitions on the transfer of property in which Norway or Denmark , or any citizen or national of those countries , or any other person aiding those countries , had any interest , with the exception of transfers which were licensed under the regulations of the Department of the Treasury .
List
France
Continental System , French Napoleonic edict from 1806 to 1814
United Kingdom
The Trading with the Enemy Act 1914
The Trading with the Enemy Amendment Act 1914 ( 5 & 6 Geo 5 c 12 )
The Trading with the Enemy Amendment Act 1915 ( 5 & 6 Geo 5 c 79 )
The Trading with the Enemy ( Extension of Powers ) Act 1915 ( 5 & 6 Geo 5 c 98 )
The Trading with the Enemy Amendment Act 1916 ( 5 & 6 Geo 5 c 105 )
The Trading with the Enemy ( Copyright ) Act 1916 ( 6 & 7 Geo 5 c 32 )
The Trading with the Enemy and Export of Prohibited Goods Act 1916 ( 6 & 7 Geo 5 c 52 )
The Trading with the Enemy ( Amendment ) Act 1918 ( 8 & 9 Geo 5 c 31 )
The Trading with the Enemy Act 1939 ( 2 & 3 Geo 6 c 89 )
United States
The Trading with the Enemy Act of 1917 is still in force . This Act established the Office of Alien Property Custodian to manage the property of US enemies , such as patents filed in the US by German nationals . The US government office was intended to manage that intellectual property in the US interest during the war .
Israel
The British Trading with the Enemy Act 1939 was applied to Mandatory Palestine , as to other British-ruled territories . On the creation of Israel in 1948 , it was retained as an Israeli law and the various Arab countries named in it as `` The Enemy '' . It is still in force , though Egypt and Jordan were removed from its application with the respective peace agreements Israel signed with them .
See also
List of short titles
Notes
Further reading
Bordwell , Percy ( 1908 ) The Law of War between Belligerents : a history and commentary Callaghan , Chicago ; reprinted in 1994 by Fred B. Rothman , Littleton , Colorado ,
Cain , Frank ( 2007 ) Economic statecraft during the Cold War : European responses to the US trade embargo Routledge , London ,
Carter , Barry E. ( 1988 ) International Economic Sanctions : improving the haphazard U.S. legal regime Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , England ,
Malloy , Michael P. ( 2001 ) United States Economic Sanctions : Theory and Practice Kluwer Law International , The Hague , Netherlands ,
Law of war
Economic warfare
Champions of Mystara is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game , published in 1993 .
Contents
This boxed set for the Dungeons & Dragons game is based on the `` Princess Ark '' chronicles from the pages of Dragon magazine , and includes everything needed to build a campaign around Prince Haldemar of Haaken and their skyship . The `` Designer 's Manual '' explains how to construct skyships from scratch and launch them into outer space . The void between worlds is as frigid as an arctic night , negative gravity planes can cause vessels to capsize in mid-air , and passengers who do not wear air masks or cast spells to create an atmosphere are at risk of suffocation .
This boxed set includes the following items :
Champions of Mystara : Designers Manual , which is a 64-page booklet for creating Skyships , the mode of transportation central to this module . The booklet includes details regarding Skyship engineering , air travel , aerial combat , and navigating to other worlds . There is a Skyship Record Sheet as well .
Champions of Mystara : Heroes of the Princess Ark , which is the adventure that was serialized in Dragon Magazine issues # 169 - # 188 . The booklet is 95 pages , and includes detailed descriptions of the Princess Ark skyship and its crew . It also includes a chronicle of the skyship 's travels .
Champions of Mystara : Explorer 's Manual , which is a geographical and cultural expansion for Mystara , highlighting two of the cultures featured in the Dragon Magazine printing of Princess Ark , as well as introducing two new cultures : the Graakhalians and the Karimari . It includes regional information , provided in a gazetteer style . This booklet is also 64 pages .
A map of the Great Wastes
A map of the Serpent Peninsula
2 deckplans for the Princess Ark , suitable for use with 25mm scale miniatures
8 skyship recognition cards
A customer response card
A Winter 1993 TSR catalog
Publication history
Champions of Mystara was designed by Ann Dupuis and Bruce A . Heard , and published by TSR as a boxed set containing eight vehicle blueprints and four poster maps . The box art was by Robh Ruppel , with book cover art by Fred Fields and interior art by Terry Dykstra . The publication date is 1993 .
Reception
Rick Swan reviewed Champions of Mystara for Dragon magazine # 202 ( February 1994 ) . They suggest that fans `` mourning the loss of the `` Princess Ark '' chronicles [ ... ] can console themselves with this lavish boxed set '' . They compared the space exploration feature of the set to the Spelljammer setting for AD & D , noting that `` Mystara physics are n't nearly as cooperative '' , begging the question , `` You thought piloting an Alphatian yacht would be easy ? ''
Reviews
White Wolf # 40
References
Mystara
Continuous auditing is an automatic method used to perform auditing activities , such as control and risk assessments , on a more frequent basis . Technology plays a key role in continuous audit activities by helping to automate the identification of exceptions or anomalies , analyze patterns within the digits of key numeric fields , review trends , and test controls , among other activities .
The `` continuous '' aspect of continuous auditing and reporting refers to the real-time or near real-time capability for financial information to be checked and shared . Not only does it indicate that the integrity of information can be evaluated at any given point of time , it also means that the information is able to be verified constantly for errors , fraud , and inefficiencies . It is the most detailed audit .
Each instance of continuous auditing has its own pulse . The time frame selected for evaluation depends largely on the frequency of updates within the accounting information systems . Analysis of the data may be performed continuously , hourly , daily , weekly , monthly , etc . depending on the nature of the underlying business cycle for a given assertion .
Background
The objective of financial reporting is to provide information that is useful to management and stakeholders for resource allocation decisions . For financial information to be useful , it should be timely and free from material errors , omissions , and fraud . In the real-time economy , timely and reliable financial information is critical for day-to-day business decisions regarding strategic planning , capital acquisition , credit decisions , supplier partnerships , and so forth . Advances in accounting information systems such as the advent of enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) systems have enabled the generation of real time information . However , the practice of traditional auditing has not kept pace with the real time economy . Traditional manual audit procedures are labor and time intensive , which limits audit frequency to a periodic basis , such as annually .
These time and effort constraints can be alleviated through the use of technology and automation . Continuous auditing enhances the delivery of auditing services by making the audit process more efficient and effective through the use of technology and automation . The increased efficiency and effectiveness of the audit process enables more frequent or real time audits and hence enhances the reliability of the underlying information .
History
The first application of continuous auditing was developed at AT & T Bell Laboratories in 1989 . Known as a continuous process auditing system ( CPAS ) , the system developed by Miklos Vasarhelyi and Halper provided measurement , monitoring , and analysis of the company 's billing information . Here key concepts such as metrics , analytics , and alarms pertaining to financial information were also introduced .
Components
Continuous auditing is made up of three main parts : continuous data assurance ( CDA ) , continuous controls monitoring ( CCM ) , and continuous risk monitoring and assessment ( CRMA ) .
Continuous data assurance
Continuous data assurance verifies the integrity of data flowing through the information systems . Continuous data assurance uses software to extract data from IT systems for analysis at the transactional level to provide more detailed assurance . CDA systems provide the ability to design expectation models for analytical procedures at the business-process level , as opposed to the current practice of relying on ratio or trend analysis at higher levels of data aggregation . CDA software can continuously and automatically monitor transactions , comparing their generic characteristics with predetermined benchmarks , thereby identifying anomalous situations . When significant discrepancies occur , alarms are triggered and routed to appropriate stakeholders and auditors .
Continuous controls monitoring
Continuous controls monitoring consists of a set of procedures used for monitoring the functionality of internal controls . CCM relies on automatic procedures , presuming that both the controls themselves and the monitoring procedures are formal or able to be formalized . CCM can be used for monitoring access control and authorizations , system configurations , and business process settings .
CDA and CCM are complementary processes . Neither process is self-sufficient or comprehensive . Even if no data faults are found it can not be concluded that controls are fail-safe . Further , even if controls are being implemented , data integrity can not be assumed . When combined , however , these monitoring approaches present a more complete reliance picture .
Continuous risk monitoring and assessment
Continuous risk monitoring and assessment is used to dynamically measure risk and provide input for audit planning . CRMA is a real-time integrated risk assessment approach , aggregating data across different functional tasks in organizations to assess risk exposures and provide reasonable assurance on the firms ' risk assessments .
Black box logging
In addition to the asupervisorstioned three components , the black box audit log file is also an important part of continuous auditing . This file can be viewed as an extension of the existing practice of documenting audit activities in manual or automated work papers . A black box log file is a read-only , third-party controlled record of the actions of auditors . The objective of black box logging is to protect a continuous auditing system against auditor and management manipulations .
Continuous reporting
Continuous reporting is the release of financial and non-financial information on a real-time or near real-time basis . The purpose of continuous reporting is to allow external parties access to information as underlying events take place , rather than waiting for end-of-period reports . The adoption of XBRL by companies makes the release of continuous reporting information more feasible . Continuous reporting also benefits users under Regulation Fair Disclosure .
Continuous reporting is a point of constant debate . Some parties , including analysts and investors , are interested in knowing how a company is doing at a given point in time . They argue that near real-time information would provide them with the ability to take advantage of important business moves as they happen . However , opponents are skeptical of how the raw information can be useful and fear information overload , or that there would be too much irrelevant information out there . Additionally , some companies are fearful that continuously reported financial information would give away important strategic moves and undermine competitive advantage .
Implementation
Generally , the implementation of continuous auditing consists of six procedural steps , which are usually administered by a continuous audit manager . Knowing about these steps will enable auditors to better monitor the continuous audit process and provide recommendations for its improvement , if needed . These steps include :
Establishing priority areas .
This entails choosing which organizational areas to audit . When performing the actions listed above , auditors need to consider the key objectives from each audit procedure . Objectives can be classified as one of four types : detective , deterrent ( also known as preventive ) , financial , and compliance . A particular audit priority area may satisfy any one of these four objectives .
Identifying monitoring and continuous audit rules .
The second step consists of determining the rules or analytics that will guide the continuous audit activity , which need to be programmed , repeated frequently , and reconfigured when needed . In addition , monitoring and audit rules must take into consideration legal and environmental issues , as well as the objectives of the particular process .
Determining the process ' frequency .
Continuous auditing need not be literally continuous . Auditors need to consider the natural rhythm of the process being audited , including the timing of computer and business processes as well as the timing and availability of auditors trained or with experience in continuous auditing .
Configuring continuous audit parameters .
Rules used in each audit area need to be configured before the continuous audit procedure ( CAP ) is implemented . In addition , the frequency of each parameter might need to be changed after its initial setup based on changes stemming from the activity being audited . When defining a CAP , auditors should consider the costs and benefits of error detection as well as audit and management follow-up activities .
Following up .
Another type of parameter relates to the treatment of alarms and detected errors . Questions such as who will receive the alarm ( e.g. , line managers , internal auditors , or both ― usually the alarm is sent to the process manager , the manager 's immediate supervisor , or the auditor in charge of that CAP ) and when the follow-up activity must be completed , need to be addressed when establishing the continuous audit process .
Communicating results .
A final item to be considered is how to communicate with auditees . When informing auditees of continuous audit activity results , it is important for the exchange to be independent and consistent .
Demand
Demand for continuous auditing has come from a variety of sources , primarily user-driven requirements . External disclosure , internal drivers , laws and regulation , and technology all play important roles in pushing up demand .
External disclosure
More frequent disclosure will drive the nature of the audit process . This increase improves the quality of earnings while reducing manager aggressiveness and decreasing stock market volatility .
Internal drivers
As companies have become more integrated within their own departments and with other companies , such as suppliers and retailers , a desire for data integrity throughout the electronic data exchange process is also driving demand for continuous auditing .
Laws and regulation
Laws and regulation require activities and ways a company followed in order to achieve a specific goal to be monitored . Under such laws and regulation company commenced for continuous auditing .
Technology
XBRL
XBRL facilitates the development of continuous auditing modules by providing a way for systems to understand the meaning of tagged data . Proper use of XBRL assures that relevant data gathered from multiple sources is easily comparable and analyzable . XBRL is a derivative of the XML file format , which tags data with contextual and hierarchical information . It is expected that many enterprise resource planning systems will provide data in the XBRL-GL format to facilitate machine readability .
Security
Because of the nature of the information passing through continuous auditing systems , security and privacy issues are also being addressed . Data assurance techniques , as well as access control mechanisms and policies are being implemented into CA systems to prevent unauthorized access and manipulation , and CCM can help test these controls .
Challenges
For many organizations , there are a number of challenges to implementing a continuous auditing approach . The following are some common challenges with associated recommendations .
Accessing complex , diverse system environment
Few organizations have a completely homogeneous , seamless system environment . There is typically a mix of ERPs or multiple instances of one ERP , mainframe systems , off-the-shelf applications , and legacy systems—all of which may contain valuable data . Technology is available to access all of this data to gain a complete picture .
Reluctance to expand the use of technology
Technology may be viewed as a threat to those who perceive that automation might replace jobs . A benefit of continuous auditing is that it performs routine , repetitive tasks and provides the opportunity for the more interesting exploratory work that adds far more value to the organization .
Overwhelming results
When not properly implemented , continuous auditing can result in hundreds—even thousands—of false positives and wasted effort . Many companies that have experienced success with continuous auditing recommend that you start small . Select which area of the company poses the greatest risk and where its transactions and control systems are most important to the company for your initial foray into continuous auditing . Automate a small number of key initial tests , such as comparing your accounts payable vendor master file with the employee address file , to uncover potential policy violations or fraud . Moving forward , increase the tests and gradually expand into other business processes in stages .
Training
Training is essential for optimum results . A number of institutions , including ACL Services Ltd. , offer training on computer-aided audit techniques including continuous auditing through automation . Training can be conducted either on-site or remotely , depending on the need of companies .
Comparison to computer-aided auditing
Continuous auditing is often confused with computer-aided auditing . The purpose and scope of the two techniques , however , are quite different . Computer-aided auditing employs end user technology including spreadsheet software , such as Microsoft Excel , to allow traditional auditors to run audit-specific analyses as they conduct the periodic audit . Continuous auditing , on the other hand , involves advanced analytical tools that automate a majority of the auditing plan . Where auditors manually extract data and run their own analyses in computer-aided auditing during the course of their traditional audit , high-powered servers automatically extract and analyze data at specified intervals as a part of continuous auditing .
See also
Center for Audit Quality ( CAQ )
References
External links
Rutgers Accounting Web
2009 IT Audit Benchmarking Study ( The Institute of Internal Auditors )
United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent 7,676,427 System and Methods of Continuous Assurance
CICA/AICPA . 1999 . Continuous Auditing . Research Report , Toronto , Canada : The Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants
ISACA
IIA GTAG # 3
Auditing
Internal audit
Dannenfels is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Eicochrysops sanyere is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in northern Cameroon .
References
Endemic fauna of Cameroon
Butterflies described in 1993
Eicochrysops
Southampton University Boat Club ( SUBC ) is the rowing club for students of Southampton University . The club has no definite founding date , and although the earliest evidence of the club to be found existed in 1904 , it was not registered as a club with British Rowing until 1929 . SUBC is a member of the University of Southampton 's Student Union , has over 100 active members , and attracts over 80 new members at the start of every academic year . The boathouse is on the River Itchen , a tidal river in Southampton .
History
Club Olympians
The club has been the launch pad for several world-class athletes , including Olympic Silver Medallists Per Sætersdal , Miriam Batten , and Guin Batten . The Women 's Senior squad is coached by Mike Beresford , a former European Silver Medalist , Commonwealth Gold Medalist , and Olympic finalist in the 1960 Roman Olympics , as well as a winner of various events at Henley Royal Regatta .
Club colours
The club colours are maroon , gold and navy blue . Club members race in a tri-colour all-in-one of dark blue with maroon and gold side stripes with the club crest on the chest .
Races
The club competes at a number of regattas and head races throughout the academic year ( September - August ) . Prior to Christmas the club 's main focus is the Bristol Head Race . This event provides developing crews with the academic year 's first taste of inter-university competition and the beginner crews with the first chance to apply what they have learnt in race conditions . The club also sends its athletes to the National Indoor Rowing Championships .
After Christmas , the club enters a number of events during the continuing head season . These include BUCS Head and hosts a Varsity Head race against other South Coast universities . After this other events in which the club typically competes include BUCS Regatta , Reading Regatta , Henley Women 's Regatta , and Henley Royal Regatta .
References
External links
Southampton University Boat Club
Rowing clubs in England
University of Southampton
University and college rowing clubs in the United Kingdom
1904 establishments in England
Sport clubs established in 1904
This is a list of characters appearing in In the Night Garden ....
Main Characters
Igglepiggle ( played by Nick Kellington ) is a blue doll creature , somewhat resembling a teddy bear-like doll with a bean-shaped head and a sideways red mohawk with average-sized legs . They always carry their red blanket and tends to fall flat on their back when surprised . They are the main character of the show . They arrive in the Night Garden at the beginning of each episode and leaves the Night Garden at the end of each episode in a boat-like bed for himself , for which the blanket doubles and serves as a sail . Igglepiggle does not speak , but they have a bell in their left foot , a squeaker in their tummy and a rattle in their left hand . Their best friends in the garden are Upsy Daisy , the Tombliboos and Makka Pakka . They are the only character not to sleep in the show ( with one exception and apart from one time when they fell and fell asleep on Upsy Daisy 's Bed ) because they sometimes need to find their boat ; they sleep on their boat instead of in a bed . They are the only character to walk on the Stepping Stone Path and in the Garden and the only character to ride in two carriages of the Ninky Nonk . Igglepiggle is clearly not a native of the Garden but a tourist . They were first featured in the episode `` Makka Pakka Washes Faces '' .
Upsy Daisy ( played by Rebecca Hyland ) is a rag doll , with a brown skin colour , a chime in their tummy and brightly coloured clothes . They like walking through the Garden and blowing kisses to the other characters or the audience . They often hug and kisses other characters , particularly Igglepiggle . Them catchphrases are `` Upsy Daisy '' and the more emphatic `` Daisy Doo ! '' and they additionally say `` Pip pip onk onk ! `` , their way of saying goodbye . Them hair stands on end when excited or surprised and their skirt inflates to a tutu when they dance or pulls the ripcord on their waist . In Davenport 's earliest sketch for the character , their face was more of a flower-like shape . She , along with Igglepiggle , was first featured in the episode `` Makka Pakka Washes Faces '' and they first pull the ripcord on their waist in `` Makka Pakka 's Trumpet Makes A Funny Noise '' . They have a reprise song in `` The Ninky Nonk Wants a Kiss '' . also they love to sing , usually when they kiss Igglepiggle , Igglepiggle kisses back .
Makka Pakka ( played by Justyn Towler ) is a beige , small , round-bodied doll creature . They have three rounded protuberances on their head , ears and bottom back to represent stones that they use to make piles . They live in a rock cave and likes cleaning things , such as their collection of stacking stones and sometimes the other characters . They often stack freshly cleaned stones into piles resembling their head and body . They sleep in and on a brightly coloured sleeping stone bag bed , often cuddling a stone as a toy . They travel around the garden riding their trolley/scooter , the Og-Pog , which carries : their sponge , soap , red/orange trumpet and a bellows-like apparatus device called `` the Uff-Uff '' which they use to dry items after cleaning them . Their house is approached by a stone-walled ditch , as their home is half-buried in the ground . They say their own name and the phrase `` Mikka makka moo '' when they are happy , as well as the names of the Og-Pog and the Uff-Uff and other phrases from their song such as `` agga pang '' ( his soap and sponge ) and `` hum dum '' ( his trumpet ) and possibly `` Ing ang oo '' ( when they want to blow their trumpet ) . Like Upsy Daisy and the Tombliboos , they also use a phrase meaning `` goodbye '' , represented in publications as `` pip pip onk onk '' . He , along with Igglepiggle and Upsy Daisy , was first featured in the episode `` Makka Pakka Washes Faces '' . As Makka Pakka is smaller than the other characters , they are filmed on another identical set ( or garden ) and where they appear with other characters , two scenes are shot in parallel and they are filmed far away , whilst the other costumed characters are filmed close up . They have a reprise song in `` Everybody All Aboard the Ninky Nonk '' .
The Tombliboos– Unn ( played by Andy Wareham ) , Ooo ( played by Isaac Blake in Season 1 and by Holly Denoon in the Season 1 finale and Season 2 ) and Eee ( played by Elisa Laghi ) – are a trio of characters that resemble three doll creatures who are all dressed in costumes with stripes and spots : red and green ( Unn ) , brown and pink ( Ooo ) and yellow and pink ( Eee ) . Their names phonetically reflect how a young child might count to three and the Tombliboos always appear in this order by saying their names . They live among the branches of a bush , playing on a series of platforms connected by stairs and chutes ; the platforms occasionally tilt when the Tombliboos jump on them as seen in `` The Tombliboos Clean Their Teeth '' . The Tombliboos enjoy playing the drums and the piano , although not with any particular musical ability and they also play with large building blocks . Their trousers ( which fall down unexpectedly ) are often seen hanging on the washing line outside their home and they usually take them down from the line and wear them before going out . They are sometimes seen brushing their teeth before bed . The Tombliboos enjoy kissing each other whilst cuddling and reciting their names . They also have a song about staying together , which consists of them singing `` Tombliboo , Tombliboo , Unn , Ooo , Eee ! '' over and over again . The Tombliboo named Eee is a female and is shorter and younger than the other two Tombliboos . Unn , Ooo and Eee are often seeing sleeping in striped beds that match their overalls . The Tombliboos , along with Igglepiggle , Upsy Daisy and Makka Pakka , were first featured in the episode `` Makka Pakka Washes Faces '' . They have a reprise song in `` Trousers on the Ninky Nonk '' .
The Narrator ( played by Sir Derek Jacobi ) is a charming male voice who can often be heard describing the day-to-day activities of the Night Garden as they happen . Though they never physically appears in the show , all the other inhabitants of the Night Garden are aware of them and will usually respond whenever they speak to them . They appear in every episode . also they tell the characters what to do ,
Other Characters
The Pontipines ( red ) and The Wottingers ( blue ) are two wooden families of ten tiny creatures ( a mother and a father plus four boys and four girls ) . They live in a semi-detached house at the foot of a tree . The Pontipines appear in most episodes , while the Wottingers ' appearances are rare . The Pontipines all dress in a very similar fashion way to each other , as do the Wottingers . Each family sleeps in one room , their beds are next to one another and in rows ( we only see the Pontipines sleeping , never the Wottingers ) . The Pontipines enter their home by flying down the chimney or going through the front door . They have no feet , but their footsteps can still be heard by the viewers . The Pontipines enter the Pinky Ponk through a different door from all the other characters and stay on a separate deck . The Pontipines and the Wottingers appear to be animated using stop motion , but in reality , they are large wooden balls on sticks wearing felt coats that were moved in real life by a puppeteer , with a strobe effect applied in post-production to give the illusion of stop motion animation . Despite them not having any facial expressions , they chatter by making high-pitched `` mi-mi-mi '' sounds and `` spitting '' noises . The `` spitting '' noises are actually their breathing . Mr. Pontipine wears an oversized black fake moustache , which occasionally flies off their face and settles on Mrs. Pontipine 's hat ( rarely on their nose if they kiss ) , as demonstrated in `` Mr. Pontipine 's Moustache Flies Away '' . The adult Pontipines and the adult Wottingers wear large hats . Mrs. Pontipine carries a pair of binoculars around their neck at all times , which they use to look for their children when they get lost or to alert their children when something is coming toward them . The Wottingers are similar in design to the Pontipines , though not identical ; they can be glimpsed in the general dance sequences , but are the only characters not seen going to bed . They have ridden the Ninky Nonk once , but they have never ridden the Pinky Ponk . The Pontipines , along with Igglepiggle , Upsy Daisy , Makka Pakka and the Tombliboos , were first featured in the first episode `` Makka Pakka Washes Faces '' and the Wottingers first appeared in the episode `` The Pontipine Children in the Tombliboo Trousers '' .
The Haahoos are five very large inflatable latex pillow creatures of various shapes and colours with eyes and smiling mouths . They move slowly around the garden making deep springy sounds ( `` boing , boing '' ) . The Haahoos appear behind the gazebo during general dance sequences and are seen going to sleep , closing their eyes and deflating slightly . They come in the shape of a flower , a cross , a star , a sphere and a slug/jelly bean . They were first featured in the episode `` The Tombliboos ' Waving Game '' .
The Tittifers are a group of tropical birds with their own unique songs . There are four small blue tittifers ( long-tailed finches ) , which play a melody of a clarion , three larger pink ones ( hoopoes ) , which play a melody of a piano , two big green ones ( white-cheeked turacos ) , which play a melody of a trumpet and one Channel-billed toucan , which plays a melody of a saxophone . They usually sing between segments and when they sing together , near the end , it is time to sleep ( like the Teletubbies ' sun baby does ) . They , along with Igglepiggle , Upsy Daisy , Makka Pakka , the Tombliboos and the Pontipines , were first featured in the episode `` Makka Pakka Washes Faces '' .
The Ninky Nonk is a train with five differently sized and shaped carriages . Its size is non-euclidean : exterior shots of the moving Ninky Nonk show a toy-sized train , quite small compared to the main characters and scenery , while interiors and static exterior shots are done on sets or with life-sized models so that the main characters can easily fit inside . When it stops or starts , the seat-belted passengers jerk sharply in their seats , the characters are chroma keyed so they can get in and the ride is often described as `` bumpy '' and `` bouncy '' ; bells and green lights warn everyone inside when the Ninky Nonk is ready to depart . On rare occasions , when the Ninky Nonk malfunctions , the `` green lights '' flash red , as demonstrated in `` The Ninky Nonk Wants a Kiss '' . The Ninky Nonk can drive up and down trees and upside-down along branches . Like the other characters , it goes to sleep . Whenever the Ninky Nonk is in the trees , at the dance or goes over the bridge , it is CGI . The engine is banana-shaped with a green flashing light on top and is followed by a green spheroidal carriage used by the Tombliboos and Makka Pakka , a tiny house-like carriage used by the Pontipines and Wottingers , a blue TARDIS-like carriage with magenta lines used by Upsy Daisy and Igglepiggle ( when they are travelling with Upsy Daisy ) and a tall rounded single-seater carriage used by Igglepiggle when they are travelling alone . All the carriages have lights on top that flash in sequence when the Ninky Nonk is stationary . The Ninky Nonk is controlled by remote control . It was first featured in the episode `` Everybody , All Aboard the Ninky Nonk '' . The Ninky Nonk can occasionally go round and round branches as well as stopping on branches ; it first went up a tree in `` Igglepiggle 's Mucky Patch '' and it first stopped on a branch in `` Mr. Pontipine 's Moustache Flies Away '' .
The Pinky Ponk is an airship , speckled with many slowly waving fins and several small propellers that can spin fast plus a large propeller at the rear that always turns very gently . The characters often use it to travel around the garden and during their journey are able to drink Pinky Ponk Juice which is dispensed in sippy cups . It comes in several colours . If a character drinks too much , they can feel ill , as demonstrated by Tombliboo Ooo in the episode `` Tombliboo Ooo Drinks Everyone Else 's Pinky Ponk Juice '' ( 2007 ) . As well as whirrings and clankings and a sporadic honking sound from a pink sphere known as the `` Ponk light '' which is located at the forepart , the Pinky Ponk makes flatulent noises . Like the Ninky Nonk , the Pinky Ponk does not conform to Euclidean geometry : exterior shots are chroma keyed model shots showing a model smaller than the main characters , while interior ones shots produced on a set into which they can fit . It has two doors , one for the costumed characters and the other for the tiny characters . One table has three seats ( for the Tombliboos ) , another has two seats ( for Igglepiggle and Upsy Daisy ) and the third has one seat ( for Makka Pakka ) . The Pontipines take a table with no seats in a small room ( but there are actually ten seats in the room for The Pontipines to sit on while drinking Pinky Ponk juice on their table ) . There are no tables with four seats , five seats , six seats , seven seats , eight seats or nine seats . It has a habit of hitting tree trunks , thus sounding the `` Ponk Alert '' ( repeated honking and flashing of the `` Ponk Light '' and interior lights flashing and making noises ) . This is a warning for all the passengers to take their seats and brace . Sometimes , the Pinky Ponk rocks during the `` Ponk Alert '' , causing the passengers and their tables and chairs to slide from one end to the other . Like the Ninky Nonk , it is controlled by remote control . It , along with the Haahoos , was first featured in the episode `` The Tombliboos ' Waving Game '' and it first flew over Makka Pakka 's house when Makka Pakka 's getting ready to go to sleep in `` Makka Pakka 's Trumpet Makes a Funny Noise '' . It , along with the Gazebo , malfunctioned in `` Ninky Nonk Or Pinky Ponk '' . There are two known Episodes where the Pinky Ponk gets stuck up a Tree ; `` The Pinky Ponk Adventure '' and `` Be Careful , Tombliboos ! '' and it appears at the end of the credits .
The Ball is a colourful living ball that plays with the Night Garden characters . Like the Pinky Ponk , the Ball likes to hit trees . It was first featured in its eponymous episode .
Upsy Daisy 's Bed is Upsy Daisy 's especially private wagon-like bed . They move it around the Night Garden , with its ripcord ; sometimes they have to catch their Bed before it runs away . Like the Ninky Nonk and Pinky Ponk , it is controlled by remote control . It was first featured in the episode `` Makka Pakka 's Trumpet Makes A Funny Noise '' .
The Tiddle is a small geyser-like fountain . It appears in any place in the Night Garden when someone steps on their feet three times . It disappears when someone steps on one of their feet once . It was once featured in the episode `` Igglepiggle 's Tiddle '' .
References
In The Night Garden
Korovinskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 15 as of 2002 .
Geography
Korovinskaya is located 27 km southwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Levinskoye is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
A high heel policy is a regulation or law about the wearing of high heels , which may be required or forbidden in different places and circumstances .
Historically in the West high heels were associated with aristocrats for cosmetic reasons , to emphasize social status among an elite who could afford to wear impractical footwear , to raise their height , or to keep feet and long dresses clean . The style was then subject to sumptuary laws . In more modern times , stiletto heels have been restricted when they might damage the floor surface or cause accidents .
Some dress codes , however , require women to wear high heels so that they appear to be taller and more attractive . Such footwear may be painful and damage the feet , and there have been repeated protests by women workers against such policies . In 2016 , a British receptionist was dismissed for not wearing high heels and they then started a petition which attracted sufficient support to be considered by the UK Parliament .
Regulations preventing the wearing of high heels
In history
In 1430 , chopines were high , at times . Venetian law then limited the height to three inches—but this regulation was widely ignored . A 17th-century law in Massachusetts announced that women would be subjected to the same treatment as witches if they lured men into marriage via the use of high-heeled shoes . In 1770 , an act was introduced into the British parliament which would have applied the same penalties as witchcraft to the use of high heels and other cosmetic devices .
Floor surface concerns
The pressure under a stiletto heel is greater ( per unit of the very small area ) than that under the feet of an elephant . Thus , as the very narrow stiletto heel became more widespread in the 1950s , the owners of many types of buildings became concerned about the effects of large numbers of such heels on their floors , especially in historic and high-traffic public buildings . Specifically , there was concern that the heels would either damage certain types of floor covering or cause minor accidents through heels getting jammed in floor-grills , the gaps in planking , or uneven surfaces . Soft outdoor ground also caused problems , affecting both the surface and the wearer . Wood flooring was the most vulnerable , but carpets , linoleum , and mosaic floors were also considered at risk of damage . Signs were frequently posted attempting to ban stiletto heels , though they were generally ineffective . A 1963 article in a US building maintenance magazine stated , `` Replacement of floors is estimated to have cost at least half a billion dollars throughout the country since the advent of the stiletto heel fashion . '' The U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service claimed in 1963 that `` with style changes the stiletto-heel problem has diminished '' .
High heels can represent contributory negligence by the plaintiff in American personal injury cases involving slip and fall accidents . Many high heel policies in the US are related to concerns over the potential for legal claims .
Regulations requiring the wearing of high heels
In media and fashion
Some women have challenged the expectation that women should wear high heels in formal social situations . In 2015 , a group of women is turned away from a film première at the Cannes Film Festival in France for wearing flat shoes , including a woman physically unable to wear heels due to an operation on one of their feet . The women complained that this was a sexist policy which forced women into a stereotyped appearance ; festival organisers later responded that `` the rumour that the festival requires high heels for the women on the steps [ was ] baseless . ''
In workplaces
Some dress codes require women to wear high heels , and some medical organizations have called for a ban on such dress codes . There have been repeated protests by women workers against such policies . Laws regarding dress codes that require women to wear high heels in the workplace vary .
It has been argued that high heels in the workplace should be subject to a health and safety assessment .
Canada
Guidelines on acceptable dress codes in the workplace are permitted by Canadian law in order to ensure that employees are able to complete their work safely and effectively . However the inclusion of the wearing of high heels in these guidelines has created controversy . Some workplace studies show that women in the hospitality industry who wear high heels have suffered injuries after tripping , falling or slipping . In addition , requirements for appearance which differ for male and female employees have the potential to be considered discriminatory .
In 2014 , waiteres at three restaurant chains in Calgary , Alberta , Canada , claimed that they were required to wear high heels at work despite complaining of pain and injury . Management responded that there was no written policy on wearing high heels .
In April 2017 , the Canadian province of British Columbia amended workplace legislation to prevent employers from requiring women to wear high heels at work . British Columbia premier Christy Clark stated that the government was `` changing this regulation to stop this unsafe and discriminatory practice . '' Other Canadian provinces followed suit .
United States
During the mid-1990s , several US-based airlines required female flight attendants to wear shoes with heels . Minimum heel heights ranged from one-half inch to the two inches mandated by USAir . Flight attendants at times avoided censure by changing into more comfortable shoes during flights , since their supervisors were less likely to be present there .
Policies that force women to wear heels have been challenged in a number of locations . In 2001 , cocktail waiteres in Las Vegas organised a `` Kiss My Foot '' campaign which was successful in getting casinos to relax their requirement to wear high heels .
United Kingdom
In 2009 , the UK Society of Chiropodists and Podiatrists released a report outlining the dangers of wearing high heels for extended periods and approached unions and employers to collaborate on measures to ensure risk assessments would be completed on women 's footwear , and to offer alternatives to high heels where these were deemed unhealthy .
Similar policies were tested again in the UK in 2016 when a temporary receptionist , Nicola Thorp , was sent home unpaid after they refused to follow the dress code at the office of accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers . Outsourcing firm Portico stated that Thorp `` had signed the appearance guidelines '' but after Thorp launched an online petition— '' Make it illegal for a company to require women to wear high heels at work '' —the firm changed their policy . The new guideline states that all female employees `` can wear plain flat shoes or plain court shoes as they prefer . '' The petition gained widespread support from public figures such as Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and MPs Caroline Dinenage , Margot James and Tulip Siddiq . Two parliamentary committees in January 2017 decided that Portico had broken the law ; the company had already changed its terms of employment . The petition gained over 130,000 signatures , sufficient for a debate in the British parliament . This took place on 6 March 2017 , when MPs decided the UK government should change the law to prevent the demand being made by employers . However , this was rejected by the government in April 2017 as they stated that existing legislation was `` adequate '' . The government clarified in a document published in May 2018 that high heel policies likely constituted direct discrimination , even if the men 's shoes were required to `` look smart , '' and potentially also indirect discrimination against those with mobility or vision problems .
Israel
In 2015 , the Israeli airline El Al introduced a requirement that female flight attendants wear high heels until passengers had been seated . The airline 's workers ' union stated that the requirement would endanger the health and safety of the flight attendants and instructed its members to ignore the rule . Later that year the requirement was removed .
Philippines
Also in 2017 , the Philippines forbade companies from mandating that female employees wear high heels at work .
Japan
In 2019 , a petition against mandatory high heels was started in Japan with the hashtag # KuToo , blending the # MeToo movement with the Japanese words for shoes ( kutsu ) and pain ( kutsuu ) . Japan 's labor minister commented that high heels are necessary for women .
See also
Foot Emancipation Society
Hijabophobia
KuToo movement
Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins
References
External links
High heels and workplace dress codes inquiry of the UK Petitions Committee
High heels and work place dress codes web forum – oral evidence for the Commons Select Committee
Clothing controversies
Discrimination in the United Kingdom
Dress codes
High-heeled footwear
Labour law
Sexism
Women
Working conditions
Workwear
The Morning After Girls are an Australian neo-psychedelia band . The group was originally formed in Melbourne , Victoria around 2003 by founding members Sacha Lucashenko ( vocals and guitar ) and Martin B. Sleeman ( vocals and guitar ) , who relocated the group to New York City in 2008 . Its American lineup included Alexander White ( keyboards , percussion , backing vocals ) , EJ Hagen ( bass guitar ) , and John Brodeur ( drums ) . They returned to live performances in Australia in 2017 . Expect the new long awaited full length album some time in 2022 as recently announced on LA 's KCRW .
History
The group released two EPs , the first on Rubber Records in 2003 and the second on Fly Music in early 2005 , both of which were self-titled . On 20 September 2005 , the band released its two EPs as one CD in North America entitled The Morning After Girls : Prelude EPs 1 & 2 . This album was also released as Shadows Evolve on 17 November 2005 in Australia and 16 June 2005 in the UK through the London independent label Best Before Records . Mark Gardener of Ride contributed vocals to the track `` Fall Before Waking '' .
The band toured with Black Rebel Motorcycle Club , The Dandy Warhols , The Brian Jonestown Massacre , The Black Keys , and The Warlocks . Festival appearances included slots at the Reading Festival , Leeds Festival , T in the Park , and Oxegen Festival—2006 , Homebake in 2003 , 2004 , and 2005 , and Clean Air , Clear Stars in 2009 .
After taking time to record a new album in Australia with engineer and producer Robbie Rowlands they headed to London for final mixing with producer Alan Moulder . The band released `` The General Public '' maxi single exclusively through iTunes worldwide ( except Australia and New Zealand ) . The full-length album Alone followed on 7 July 2009 ( digital only through iTunes in North America ) . Tee Pee Records released a limited edition white vinyl 7 '' including the songs `` The General Public '' and `` Who Is They '' . Following this , the band toured the US in the summer of 2009 with The Warlocks .
Alone . was released on CD and LP on Xemu Records ( Dead Meadow , Spindrift ) on 11 January 2011 in North America and 14 March in the U.K and Europe .
The band contributed the song `` Death Processions '' to Tony Hawk Ride , which was released in November 2009 for Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Wii . In 2009 , Alone appeared on 90210 , and in 2010 `` To Be Your Loss '' appeared in The Vampire Diaries , both on the CW network .
alone in north america was released through iTunes by Hypnagogia Films on 20 January 2015 .
The band returned to Australia in 2017 , performing shows in Melbourne throughout the year and into 2018 . They supported The Charlatans at Melbourne 's 170 Russell in August 2018 .
On the 23rd of September 2021 , both KEXP and KCRW 's US radio morning shows confirmed rumours from a ‘ reliable source ' that release details for the new albums ( plural ) will be confirmed very soon .
A link was temporarily made available the same morning on InsiderMagazine.com that simply stated
“ things are often better in threes. “
Discography
Albums
The Morning After Girls : Prelude EPs 1 & 2 ( Rainbow Quartz – US only , September 2005 )
Shadows Evolve ( Fly Music – Australia only ; Best Before Records – UK only , CD & LP , November 2005 )
Alone . ( Xemu Records – Worldwide , CD & LP , 2011 )
EPs
The Morning After Girls EP 1 ( Rubber Records – Australia only , November 2003 )
The Morning After Girls EP 2 ( Fly Music – Australia only , January 2005 )
The General Public ( Self Released , iTunes only May 2009 )
Singles
`` Hi-Skies '' ( Best Before Records , 3 CD versions & 7 '' , 2005 )
`` Run For Our Lives '' ( Best Before Records , CD & 7 '' June 2006 )
`` Shadows Evolve '' ( Best Before Records , 7 '' , November 2006 )
`` Straight Thru You '' ( Distant Noise Records , November 2008 )
`` The General Public '' ( Tee Pee Records , 7 '' , July 2009 )
Compilations
Triple J : Home And Hosed - The First Harvest ( ABC Music , 2003 ) — contributed Straight Thru You
South By Southwest 2005 - Welcome To MTV2 Country ( Music Week , 2005 ) — contributed Run For Our Lives
Homebake 2005 ( Promo for Homebake , 2005 ) — contributed Run For Our Lives
NY2LON ( Best Before Records & Filter US Recordings , 2006 ) — contributed Hi-Skies
NME Presents The Best New Bands From Reading And Leeds Festivals ( New Music Express , 2006 ) — contributed `` Always Mine ''
ASCAP/SHOUT ! Vol 3 ( ASCAP , 2006 ) — contributed `` Run For Our Lives ''
They Put the Bomp ! In the Bomp ( Bomp Records , 2007 ) — contributed `` The Trip ''
Rainbow Quartz 2009 Label Sampler — `` Run for Our Lives ''
iTunes Indie Spotlight ( 2009 , digital only )
Word magazine ( UK ) Now Hear This ! sampler ( April 2011 ) — contributed `` Alone ''
Film
alone in north america ( Hypnagogia Films , 2014 )
Video games
Destroy All Humans ! 2 ( Lakeshore Records , 2006 ) — contributed `` Straight Thru You ''
Tony Hawk Ride ( Activision , 2009 ) — contributed `` Death Processions ''
Television
90210 ( CW , 2009 ) — contributed `` Alone ''
The Vampire Diaries ( CW , 2010 ) — contributed `` To Be Your Loss ''
References
External links
www.robbierowlands.com.au
Morning After Girls , The
Musical groups established in 2003
Musical groups from Melbourne
Best Before Records artists
Ewell ( , ) is a suburban area with a village centre in the borough of Epsom and Ewell in Surrey , approximately south of central London and northeast of Epsom .
In the 2011 Census , the settlement had a population of 34,872 , a majority of which ( 73 % ) is in the ABC1 social class , except the Ruxley Ward that is C2DE .
Ewell was founded as a spring line settlement , where the permeable chalk of the North Downs meets the impermeable London Clay , and the Hogsmill River ( a tributary of the River Thames ) still rises at a spring close to Bourne Hall in the village centre . Recorded in Domesday Book as Etwelle , the settlement was granted a licence to hold a market in 1618 . The opening of railway stations to the east and west of the centre , in 1847 and 1859 respectively , facilitated the creation of extensive residential areas , which are now contiguous with the Greater London suburbs .
History
The name Ewell derives from Old English æwell , which means river source or spring .
Bronze Age remains have been found in Ewell and the Romans are likely to have encountered an existing religious site when they first arrived leaving pottery , bones , and a few other remains , which have been taken to the British Museum . Ewell is on a long line of spring line settlements founded along the foot of hills on a geological line between the chalk of the North Downs to the south , and the clay of the London Basin to the north .
The Roman road Stane Street from Chichester deviates from straight slightly at Ewell to pass by the central spring . Its successor , the A24 ( London Road ) runs from Merton to Ewell along the course of the Roman road , and leaves Ewell also with a by-pass connecting it to Epsom .
Ewell was traditionally located within the Copthorne hundred .
Ewell appears in Domesday Book of 1086 as Etwelle . It was held by William the Conqueror . Its assets were : 13½ hides ; 2 mills worth 10s , 16 ploughs , of meadow , woodland and herbage worth 111 hogs . It rendered £25 per year to its feudal system overlords ; also £1 from the church in Leatherhead , it was held by Osbert de Ow and was attached to their manor . In the 13th century Ewell current spelling appears , in the Testa de Nevill .
King Henry VIII established here in 1538 Nonsuch Palace on the borders of Cheam , considered one of their greatest building projects . The estate , now Nonsuch Park , a public park , was one of their favourite hunting grounds , although no trace of the palace remains , having been destroyed during the 17th century . In the same park , is Nonsuch Mansion a Grade II * listed 18th-century house occasionally open to visitors .
In 1618 Henry Lloyd , lord of the manor , was granted licence to hold a market in Ewell . The market died away in the early 19th century .
Samuel Pepys visited Ewell on numerous occasions in the 17th century and the area is mentioned several times between 1663 and 1665 in their diary , in which they spell it Yowell .
The enclosure ( privatisation ) of its common fields of in the east and its infertile land ( 'waste ' ) of was carried out in 1801 . In 1811 a National School was established sponsored by Mr. White and Mr. Brumfield . Thomas Calverley built the large architecturally listed home Ewell Castle in 1814 in an imitation castellated style and gave the school financial benefaction , which became available in 1860 . In 1879 Ewell Court House , latterly a library was built with a grotto that survives .
Ewell was largely developed woth semi detached housing in the 1930 's , with a minority of the Ewell area built on after World War 2 . In the 1980s , an elderly lifelong resident of Ewell , named Digeance , recalled the pasture land and orchards that stretched north and west right across to Berrylands in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames . This radical transformation is documented in the photography collected in the book Archive Photos – Epsom and Ewell . The suburban residential development across that area is mainly 1930s/40s semi-detached houses , although some Edwardian , Victorian and earlier architecture is still present . The Hogsmill Open Space gives an indication of Ewell 's rural prewar history .
Government and politics
The town lies entirely within the parliamentary constituency of Epsom and Ewell , and is currently represented in parliament by Conservative Chris Grayling .
Landmarks
Bourne Hall
Ewell 's largest landmark is Bourne Hall in the centre of the town . It is a modernist circular structure with a central glass dome , built in 1967–70 to a design by A. G. Sheppard Fidler and Associates . The building , which is reminiscent of an immense flying saucer , houses a public library , subterranean theatre , gymnasium , café and local museum , and holds gatherings such as fairs , yoga and karate lessons . It was Grade II listed by English Heritage in 2015 for reasons of architectural interest and also for historic interest as `` an ambitious example of the expansion of the library service and the integration of community facilities and disabled access '' .
Bourne Hall is surrounded by a stream-side public park with a pond at one end and a fountain ; these were formerly the grounds of Garbrand Hall , an 18th-century mansion , later used as a school and also called Bourne Hall , which the new building replaced . The garden wall , a 19th-century entrance arch to the gardens , the nearby lodge , and an 18th-century bridge inside the gateway were Grade II listed in 1954 and a waterwheel in 1976 .
St Mary 's Church
Ewell has a C of E Parish Church ( Saint Mary the Virgin , Ewell ) , which was designed by Henry Clutton and consecrated in 1848 . The current building stands in a prominent position near the centre of the village on the old London Road . A replacement for an earlier church building on the site , it was built in a form of the Decorated Neo-Gothic style and faced with Swanage stone with Bath Stone mullions and tracery . The church is home to the 1889 'Father ' Henry Willis pipe organ . The ruins of the old church 's early medieval tower stand alone in parkland and are a Scheduled Ancient Monument .
Other Landmarks
St Paul 's Howell Hill is situated in East Ewell and is known locally due to its prominent presence on a roundabout and its contemporary design .
Unlike most parts of its borough , Ewell has telephone numbers using the London 020 area code , alongside Stoneleigh . Ewell also has an unusually large telephone exchange , beside The Spring pub , fitted with underground facilities designed to survive a nuclear conflict during the later years of the Cold War . It was transferred in 2000 from the Metropolitan Police , in whose district it had been placed since 1839 , to the jurisdiction of Surrey Police .
Economy
Ewell 's commercial centre , the High Street is 400 metres long and contains two chain convenience stores , Sainsbury 's Local and Nisa ( formerly Co-op ) , in addition to a post office . There are no longer any banks in Ewell . The Green Man public house is located on the High Street , with three other pubs : The Eight Bells , The Wheatsheaf and the Spring located nearby on Kingston Road in the north of the Village .
Neighbourhoods
Ewell Village
The central , historic centre of Ewell containing the High Street , Bourne Hall , Ewell Castle School and immediate surrounding areas .
Ewell Court
Ewell Court is a residential area and ward to the northwest of Ewell Village . In the centre of the area is Ewell Court Park , which contains Ewell Court House and Ewell Court Lake . The volunteer-run Ewell Court Library is inside Ewell Court House . A large portion of The Hogsmill Open Space , a local nature reserve is in this area , from the railway line near Ewell Village to Ruxley Lane . This contains several tributaries of the Hogsmill River , including the confluence with the Horton Stream near Ruxley Lane . Ewell Court is bounded to the northeast by the A240 ( Kingston Road ) .
West Ewell
West Ewell is a large residential area with several local centres . Its main centre is the area around Ewell West railway station , which contains a parade of shops . Its principal roads are Chessington Road and Ruxley Lane . These are both B-roads which contain several parades of shops . A section of the Hogsmill Open Space , including the Bonesgate Stream is in the northern fringes of the area . Ruxley Farm Bridge is in the centre of Ruxley Lane over the Hogsmill River , replacing a ford , Ruxley Splash . West Ewell is served by buses travelling between Epsom and Kingston , as well as Chessington .
West Ewell covers two wards : West Ewell Ward , to the south of Ruxley Lane and Ruxley Ward , to the north .
East Ewell
This is an area of predominantly semi-detached housing dating from the 1930s . This area , to the east of the A24 Ewell Bypass is served by Ewell East railway station . The A232 runs through the suburban area .
A large part of Nonsuch Park , including the old Nonsuch Palace , can be found in East Ewell as can the remains of the derelict Cuddington Church . Warren Farm Local Nature Reserve is also in the East Ewell area .
Ewell Downs
An area of detached housing with several private roads . Located in the south of Ewell , between the centre and Epsom Downs
Surrounding Area
Education
Closest to the town are at senior ( secondary ) level :
private day school Ewell Castle School , on Church Street , Ewell Village
boys ( Mixed in Sixth Form ) Academy Glyn School , on The Kingsway , just west of Ewell Village
mixed comprehensive school Blenheim High School , Longmead Road , between West Ewell and Epsom .
mixed comprehensive school Epsom and Ewell High School on Ruxley Lane , West Ewell
At further education level :
North East Surrey College of Technology , East Ewell .
For the wider list of all schools in the borough , see borough of Epsom and Ewell .
Parks and Open Spaces
Nonsuch Park
A historic park to the east of Ewell Village , extending into Stoneleigh and Cheam . Former site of 16th Century Nonsuch Palace , current site of Nonsuch Mansion . Home to Nonsuch parkrun , a free weekly 5-kilometre run .
Warren Farm
A local nature reserve in East Ewell owned by the Woodland Trust . Heathland bordered by woodland . Located adjacent to Nonsuch Park and Nonsuch High School .
Hogsmill Open Space
An extensive wildlife corridor , stretching from the Hogsmill source in Ewell Village and extending downstream along the course of the river . This stretches north-west through Ewell Court and West Ewell , extending out to Kingston . Contains three enclosed parks , including Bourne Hall ( detailed above in the Landmarks section ) and :
Ewell Court Park
An enclosed area incorporating Ewell Court lake and Ewell Court House ( with a cafe ) . The house was restored after the 2014 fire . The Ewell Court stream flows into the main Hogsmill River on the edge of the park . The Hogmsill acts as a natural park boundary , with fences containing pedestrian gates around the rest of the perimeter .
Poole Road Recreation Ground
An area of green space containing a playground and two grass football pitches .
The Harrier Centre can be found there , containing Ewell Athletics Track , home to Epsom and Ewell Harriers Athletics club . Found in 1890 ( the oldest in Surrey ) , the club have trained at this track since the 1950 's . Gauntlett Boxing Club have trained at the Harrier Centre since 2017
Priest Hill Local Nature Reserve
Located in East Ewell , near to the A240 .
London Road Recreation Ground
A small park on the northern edge of Ewell Village , containing a large playground and 2.3 hectares of open space
Gibraltar Recreation Ground
A park just west of Ewell Village , next to Ewell West railway station . Contains a bowling green , tennis courts , football pitches and a large playground . Ewell Tennis Club are based next to the Rec .
Sports , recreation and leisure
In Ewell Court , there is a King George 's Field in memorial to King George V. Also at the King George 's Field , there is Ewell Athletics Track , a UK Athletics Class B track where Epsom and Ewell Harriers , founded in 1890 , have trained since the 1950s . The Harrier Centre , a small sports centre also containing a children 's soft play area , was built as an addition to the athletics track in 2000 . Ewell Tennis Club is also in the Ewell , on the western edge of Ewell Village .
Ewell is also home to Ewell St Mary 's Morris Men . Founded in 1979 , further to a bequest from the then Vicar , Peter Hogben , for the annual Village Fete – the Team danced into The Morris Ring in the late eighties and now have many unique dances in their repertoire . They dance Cotswold Morris and sport black top hats , red and white baldrics and ribbons .
Ewell is on the London Outer Orbital Path ( London Loop ) walking route . The path heads through South Cheam into Warren Farm and Nonsuch Park via East Ewell , before crossing into Ewell Village passing Ewell Castle School . It passes through Bourne Hall ( at the main source of the Hogsmill River ) before heading along the Hogsmill Open Space past the Kingston borough border .
Transport
Ewell is served by two railway stations : Ewell West , which has services towards London Waterloo , Dorking and Guildford , and Ewell East , which has services towards London Victoria , Dorking and Horsham . Both stations are in TfL Fare Zone 6 .
Bus services in Ewell include the 293 , 406 , 418 , 467 , 470 , E5 and E16 providing links to Morden , Kingston Upon Thames and Chessington .
Demography and housing
In art
Pre-Raphaelite artist William Holman Hunt married and produced several artistically and conceptually outstanding works here . The doorway linking St Mary 's churchyard and the grounds of Glyn House reproduced as the door on which Christ is knocking is arguably their most praised painting , The Light of the World .
Similarly , the background for John Everett Millais ' oil on canvas Ophelia was painted at Ewell .
In film , fiction and the media
In August 2005 the borough of Epsom and Ewell was rated the most desirable place to live in the United Kingdom by the British television programme The Best and Worst Place to Live in the UK ; the following year 's edition figured it in 8th place . The borough 's low crime rate , good education results and large number of open spaces were all cited as its particularly attractive features , although being less commercial than the centres of Kingston or London , having a relative 'lack of entertainment facilities ' .
Notable residents
Popular singer Petula Clark was born in Ewell in 1932 , as well as the broadcaster James Whale , and TV presenter Michaela Strachan . Playwright John Osborne lived in Ewell as a boy . Michael Frayn , author and playwright , lived as a child in Hillside Road , off Queensmead Avenue , East Ewell .
In sport , footballer Ron Harris lived in Ewell during the 1970s , cyclist Sean Yates in childhood , Trevor `` Tosh '' Chamberlain lived in the town , and Michael `` Venom '' Page was a former resident .
See also
Fitznells Manor
List of places of worship in Epsom and Ewell
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
Ewell
Villages in Surrey
The Rosengarten group ( , Ladin : Ciadenac , Ciadenáze ) is a massif in the Dolomites of northern Italy . It is located between the Tierser Tal and Eggental in South Tyrol and the Fassa Valley in Trentino .
One peculiarity of the Rosengarten is the pink shade , owing to the presence of the mineral dolomite , which takes in the sunset and `` glows '' , as celebrated in the Bozner Bergsteigerlied . Meaning `` Rose garden '' in German , the name refers to the legend of King Laurin and their Rose Garden , a traditional story explaining the outer appearance of the mountain range .
Summits
The highest peak is the Kesselkogel at above sea level . Other peaks include :
Rosengartenspitze -
Vajolet-Türme -
Laurinswand ( Croda di Re Laurino ) -
Tscheiner-Spitze ( Cima Sforcella ) -
Rotwand ( Roda di Vaèl ) -
Teufelswand ( Croda Davoi ) -
References
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of South Tyrol
Dolomites
Oswego Community Hospital ( OCH ) was a federally and state-designated 12 bed critical access hospital located in Oswego , Kansas , and one of several hospitals that fell victim to an alleged fraudulent billing scheme that the U.S. Department of Justice says was executed by EmpowerHMS , the hospital 's former operator .
History
In 2007 Oswego Medical Center was purchased by HMC/CAH Consolidated , Inc. and the name changed to Oswego Community Hospital . The facility had in recent years been previously sponsored by and affiliated with Mt . Carmel Regional Medical Center of Pittsburg , Kansas with help from St. John 's Regional Medical Center in Joplin , Missouri .
At some point in the past decade , EmpowerHMS purchased Oswego Community Hospital . During this time , a sponsorship agreement was signed with Labette County-owned , privately funded Labette Health of Parsons , Kansas , in December 2010 , bringing the only two hospitals in Labette County together with a cooperative agreement . OCH provided a wide variety of services , including General Medical care , Senior Mental Health programs , a 24-hour Emergency Department , ExpressCare , multiple daytime walk-in clinics , a wound care program , various radiology , sexual assault and abuse help , laboratory , observation , physical therapy , dietary services , respiratory care , Swing Bed , a pharmacy , pastoral care , and out-patient services . A portable CT Scanner and MRI truck were also available on-call , and OCH had contracted with EagleMed to provide emergency air transport to more qualified hospitals .
On February 13 , 2019 , Oswego Community Hospital abruptly closed its doors , `` citing [ a ] failure to expand Medicaid '' and `` low patient volumes . '' However , later in 2019 , Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt announced their office had executed a search warrant as part of a broader investigation of the hospital 's operator , EmpowerHMS . In June 2020 , federal indictments were unsealed , revealing that several persons associated with EmpowerHMS were indicted by the U.S. Department of Justice for their alleged role in a $ 1.4 billion fraudulent billing scheme .
In April 2020 , the hospital 's assets , including the former hospital site , a former clinic location , and other real estate , were purchased out of bankruptcy by Oswego NeuroPsych Hospital , Inc .
Current Services
The hospital is not currently operational . During the COVID-19 pandemic , Oswego NeuroPsych Hospital , Inc. , lent personal protective equipment , including portable ventilators and other equipment , to the Kansas Department of Emergency Management .
Future Operations
On April 15 , 2020 , local newspaper Labette Avenue reported that Oswego NeuroPsych Hospital , Inc. , intended to reopen the former hospital in Oswego .
References
Hospitals in Kansas
Buildings and structures in Oswego , Kansas
Thatta Ghulamka Dhiroka ( Urdu ٹھٹھہ غلام کا دھیروکا ) , known as Doll village of Pakistan , is a village in Okara District of Pakistani Punjab . It is situated 27 km from Okara city on the Faisalabad-Okara Road , 7 km from Bangala Gogera stop on Faisalabad-Okara Road . it is 91 km from Faisalabad International Airport 190 km from Province capital Lahore and 400 km from national capital Islamabad of Pakistan .
Toy Village of Pakistan
Thatta Kedona , Doll Village or Toy Village of Pakistan . ( Urdu گڑیوں کا گاؤں ) In this village people make handmade traditional Punjabi dolls and other toys as per Pakistani culture and art work exported all over the world . In the 1990s , famous German artist and designer Senta Maria Anna Siller visited Pakistan with their husband on request of their student Amjad Ali this visit they saw a handmade doll made by a local woman It gave Siller the ambition to empower this village . They lived in Pakistan for almost five years around 1993 , to support the women of the village through handicrafts .
Award
Senta Maria Anna Siller founder of doll village their services for transforming a village in Punjab with their vision and training of the local girls to make and sell their dolls awarded by Governor of Punjab Chaudhry Mohammad Sarwar .
References
Union councils of Okara District
Traditional toys
Leszczanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny , west of Chełm , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Lin Tinggui ( ; fl . circa 1174–1189 ) ( Japanese : Rin Teikei ) was a Chinese painter of the Southern Song Dynasty ( 1127–1279 AD ) . Their artwork was greatly influenced by themes of Chinese Buddhism .
The Five Hundred Luohan
Lin Tinggui is best known for taking part alongside Zhou Jichang ( Japanese : Shuu Kijou ) in the completion of the Five Hundred Luohan ( Chinese : Wubai Luohan ) , a set of 100 paintings commissioned as a gift to a Buddhist temple in 1175 by a Chinese Buddhist abbot . This artistic project in honor of the luohan was completed three years later in 1178 .
In Chinese Buddhist folklore , it was said that five hundred luohan ( Buddhist saints ) inhabited a peak beyond the stone bridge of Mount Tiantai located at Jiuhuashan , modern-day Qingyang County , Anhui province , China . This belief was either formed from an older Daoist belief that the site was home to immortals , or from knowledge of Buddhist legend from India , specifically the belief of five hundred arhats living on Mt . Buddhavanagiri near Rajagrha . It was this belief that provided the central theme of Lin Tinggui and Zhou Jichang 's artwork .
The Five Hundred Luohan outside of China
During the 13th century , the set of paintings completed by Lin Tinggui and Zhou Jichang were imported to Japan and wound up as the property of Jufuku-ji Temple in Kamakura , Kanagawa , Japan . Hand-painted copies of the scrolls were made in 1368 by the Japanese painter-priest Minchou ( 1351 - 1431 AD ) for the Buddhist temples Engaku-ji and Toufuku-ji in Kamakura . The painting set was moved by the Hojo warrior family at a later date to Sounji , and in the 16th century they were taken from eastern Japan by the late Sengoku period warlord Toyotomi Hideyoshi as spoils of war . They placed this precious set of 100 paintings in the Hōkō-ji Temple , near Hamamatsu , Shizuoka , Japan . The painting set was then finally placed at the Rinzai Buddhist Daitoku-ji Temple in Kyoto , Japan , in its subtemple of Soken'in , which Hideyoshi had sponsored in honor of their predecessor , Oda Nobunaga . In 1894 , the temple was in need of funds for repair , and so auctioned forty-four of the 100 painted scrolls in Boston . Ten of these paintings were sold by the Japanese during the exhibit ( while the rest returned to Kyoto ) , while the painting Luohan Laundering by Lin Tinggui was given as a gift to the tour 's American organizer . The latter then sold the painting in 1902 to Charles Lang Freer , and is now housed in the Freer Gallery of Art , part of the Smithsonian Museum in Washington , D.C .
In this famous painting of Lin Tinggui , Luohan Laundering ( 1178 ) , five brightly colored Luohan and one attendant are seen washing their clothes and hanging them out to dry by a gushing stream moving through a dismally brown-shaded and thick-wooded landscape . On the lower right-hand corner of the painting , almost invisible to the naked eye , is a small signature penned in gold by Lin Tinggui . The Freer Gallery also has a painting from the set done by Zhou Jichang , called Rock Bridge at Tiantai Mountain .
Several other works in the Five Hundred Luohan set by Lin Tinggui and Zhou Jichang alike are at the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston .
See also
Culture of Song Dynasty
Chinese painting
List of Chinese painters
External links
Museum of Fine Arts , Boston - Lin Tinggui and Zhou Jichang 's artwork
Smithsonian Freer Gallery
Song dynasty painters
Song dynasty Buddhists
Artifacts in the collection of the Smithsonian Institution
12th-century Chinese painters
12th-century Chinese people
Date of death unknown
Year of birth uncertain
Buddhist artists
Annealing by short circuit is a method of efficiently annealing copper wire which employs a controlled electrical short circuit . It can be advantageous because it does not require a temperature-regulated furnace like other methods of annealing .
Process
The process consists of two conductive pulleys ( step pulleys ) which the wire passes across after it is drawn . The two pulleys have an electrical potential across them , which causes the wire to form a short circuit . The Joule effect causes the temperature of the wire to rise to approximately 400 °C . This temperature is affected by the rotational speed of the pulleys , the ambient temperature , and the voltage applied . Where is the temperature of the wire , is a constant , is the voltage applied , is the number of rotations of the pulleys per minute , and is the ambient temperature :
The constant depends on the diameter of the pulleys and the resistivity of the copper .
Purely in terms of the temperature of the copper wire , an increase in the speed with which the wire passes through the pulley system has the same effect as a decrease in resistance . Therefore , the speed with which the wire can be drawn through varies quadratically as the voltage applied .
See also
Annealing ( metallurgy )
Short circuit
References
Thesis of Degree , Cable Manufacture and Tests of General Use and Energy . - Jorge Luis Pedraz ( 1994 ) , UNI , Files , Peru .
Dynamic annealing of the Copper wire by using a Controlled Short circuit . = Jorge Luis Pedraz ( 1999 ) , Peru : Lima , CONIMERA 1999 , INTERCON 99 ,
Metal heat treatments
Pambdelurion whittingtoni is an extinct species of marine animal , related to arthropods , from the Cambrian of Greenland .
Description
Pambdelurion was large for a Cambrian animal , and is estimated to have reached a length of . Omnidens , an organism from China that closely resembles Pambdelurion and may even be synonymous with it , reached even larger sizes , estimated to be based on the proportions of Pambdelurion .
The head of Pambdelurion bore a large pair of frontal appendages , homologous to the antennae of onychophorans and frontal appendages of radiodonts . These frontal appendages were weakly muscled and relatively soft , suggesting they may have served primarily as sensory organs , rather than for grasping prey . Between the appendages are a pair of clusters of three spines , which probably served a sensory function . Eyes have not been identified . On the ventral surface of the head was the mouth , which was an oral cone similar to that of other non-arthropod ecdysozoans .
The body possessed eleven pairs of non-muscular , gill-bearing lateral flaps and eleven pairs of lobopodous legs ventral to the flaps . The body musculature was more similar to that of onychophorans than that of arthropods . The cuticle was unsclerotized .
The anterior portion of the gut was a large , muscular pharynx , as in many other ecdysozoans . More posteriorly , the gut contained paired glands .
History of study
Pambdelurion whittingtoni was named in 1997 by Graham E. Budd . The genus name comes from Greek pambdelyrion `` all-loathsome '' in reference to the fearsome appearance of the animal , and the species name honors the paleontologist Harry B. Whittington .
Classification
Pambdelurion is regarded as a member of Lobopodia , a paraphyletic group of panarthropods that includes the ancestors of modern tardigrades , onychophorans , and arthropods . It is more closely related to arthropods than to any other modern group , but it diverged from the arthropod lineage before the last common ancestor of all modern arthropods ; as such , is a stem-group arthropod . Pambdelurion is part of a group of stem-arthropods known as the gilled lobopodians , which consists of lobopodians with gill-bearing lateral flaps and also includes Kerygmachela and Opabinia . The gilled lobopodians are the closest relatives of the arthropods among lobopodians , and both the radiodonts and true arthropods are descended from a gilled lobopodian ancestor .
Omnidens , from the near-contemporaneous Maotianshan Shales of China , can not be clearly distinguished from Pambdelurion , and it is possible that they are synonymous . However , there is no evidence of gilled lobopodians like Pambdelurion in the Maotianshan Shales , so Omnidens may be the mouthparts of some other lobopodian , such as Megadictyon or Jianshanopodia .
Paleobiology
Pambdelurion was probably a predator , with a diet including arthropods .
Pambdelurion was probably a benthic animal that lacked the ability to swim effectively .
Paleoecology
Pambdelurion was one of the largest and most abundant organisms in the Sirius Passet biota .
References
Works cited
External links
Anomalocarid Homepage
Palaeos
Dinocarida
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian arthropods
Sirius Passet fossils
The 2013–14 season is Dnipro 's 23rd Ukrainian Premier League season , and their fourth season under manager Juande Ramos . They ended the season in Round of 32 of the UEFA Europa League , where they were eliminated by Tottenham Hotspur ; they were excluded from the Ukrainian Cup for failing to attend their game .
Following the compulsory winter break the championship was due to resume on 1 March 2014 , but due to the civil unrest in the country after the riots in Kyiv and continuing on with the Crimean crisis , the Premier League delayed the start of the spring stage . A decision was made by the Ukrainian Premier League to resume the competition on 15 March .
Squad
Out on loan
Transfers
Summer
In :
Out :
Winter
In :
Out :
Competitions
Ukrainian Premier League
Results
League table
Ukrainian Cup
UEFA Europa League
Play-off
Group stage
Knockout phase
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players away from the club on loan :
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players who appeared for Dnipro who left the club during the season :
| }
Goal scorers
Disciplinary record
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
FC Dnipro seasons
Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Trebišnica is a municipality located to the southeast of Široki Brijeg in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
See also
Hutovo Lake
References
Populated places in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Fred Nelson was an Australian professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s . They played for South Sydney and Manly-Warringah in the NSWRL competition .
Early life
Nelson was born in Mascot , Sydney and played their junior rugby league with Mascot before signing with South Sydney in 1954 . Nelson won the Presidents Cup premiership with Souths that same year .
Playing career
Nelson made their first grade debut for Souths in 1956 . Nelson 's time at South Sydney was at a difficult period in the club 's history . After winning 5 premierships throughout the decade , Souths went through a period of finishing near the bottom of the table after most of their star players such as Clive Churchill had retired and moved on . In total , Nelson played over 100 games for the club including reserve grade and third grade . While playing for South Sydney , Nelson represented New South Wales making one appearance . In 1962 , Nelson joined Manly-Warringah playing one season for the club before retiring .
In 1959 Nelson won the Sydney Morning Herald Award for Best and Fairest Player of the Year .
Coaching career
In 1967 , Nelson coached the Arncliffe Scots who played in the local St George competition . Nelson then went on to coach the South Sydney reserve grade side and won a premiership with them in 1968 .
References
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles players
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
1934 births
2018 deaths
Australian rugby league coaches
Australian rugby league players
Rugby league players from Sydney
Rugby league second-rows
A plastic bottle is a bottle constructed from high-density or low density plastic . Plastic bottles are typically used to store liquids such as water , soft drinks , motor oil , cooking oil , medicine , shampoo , milk , and ink . The size ranges from very small bottles to large carboys . Consumer blow molded containers often have integral handles or are shaped to facilitate grasping .
Plastic was invented in the 19th century and was originally used to replace common materials such as ivory , rubber , and shellac . Plastic bottles were first used commercially in 1947 , but remained relatively expensive until the early 1950s when high-density polyethylene was introduced . They quickly became popular with both manufacturers and customers because compared to glass bottles , plastic bottles are lighter , cheaper and easier to transport . However , the biggest advantage plastic bottles have over their glass counterparts is their superior resistance to breakage , in both production and transportation . Except for wine and beer , the food industry has largely replaced glass bottles with plastic bottles .
Production
The materials used in the manufacture of plastic bottles vary by application .
Petrochemical resins
High-density polyethylene ( HDPE )
HDPE is the most widely used resin for plastic bottles . This material is economical , impact resistant , and provides a good moisture barrier . HDPE is compatible with a wide range of products including acids and caustics but is not compatible with solvents . It is supplied in FDA-approved food grade . HDPE is naturally translucent and flexible . The addition of color will make HDPE opaque , but not glossy . HDPE lends itself to silk screen decoration . While HDPE provides good protection at below freezing temperatures , it can not be used with products filled above or products requiring a hermetic ( vacuum ) seal .
Fluorine-treated HDPE
These bottles are exposed to fluorine gas in a secondary operation , are similar in appearance to HDPE , and serve as a barrier to hydrocarbons and aromatic solvents . Fluorine-treated bottles may contain insecticides , pesticides , herbicides , photographic chemicals , agricultural chemicals , household and industrial cleaners , electronic chemicals , medical cleaners and solvents , citrus products , d-limonene , flavors , fragrances , essential oils , surfactants , polishes , additives , graffiti cleaning products , pre-emergents , stone and tile care products , waxes , paint thinner , gasoline , biodiesel , xylene , acetone , kerosene and more .
Low-density polyethylene ( LDPE )
LDPE is similar in composition to HDPE . It is less rigid and generally less chemically resistant than HDPE , but is more translucent . LDPE is used primarily for squeeze applications . LDPE is significantly more expensive than HDPE .
Polyethylene terephthalate ( PET , PETE ) / Polyester
This resin is commonly used for carbonated beverages , water bottles , and food packaging . PET provides very good alcohol and essential oil barrier properties , generally good chemical resistance ( although acetones and ketones will attack PET ) , and a high degree of impact resistance and tensile strength . The orienting process serves to improve gas and moisture barrier properties and impact strength . This material is not resistant at high temperature . Its maximum temperature is .
Polycarbonate ( PC )
PC is a clear plastic used to make bottles for milk and water . Five-gallon water bottles are a common application of PC .
Polypropylene ( PP )
PP is used primarily for jars and closures . It is rigid and is a barrier to moisture . Polypropylene is stable at temperatures up to . It is autoclavable and offers the potential for steam sterilization . The compatibility of PP with high filling temperatures is responsible for its use with hot fill products . PP has excellent chemical resistance , but provides poor impact resistance in cold temperatures .
Polystyrene ( PS )
PS is transparent and rigid . It is commonly used with dry products , including vitamins , petroleum jellies , and spices . Polystyrene does not provide good barrier properties , and exhibits poor impact resistance .
Polyvinyl chloride ( PVC )
PVC is naturally clear . It has high resistance to oils , and has transmits very little oxygen . It provides a strong barrier to most gases , and its drop-impact resistance is also very good . This material is chemically resistant , but it is vulnerable to some solvents . PVC has poor resistance to high temperatures and will distort at , making it incompatible with hot-filled products . It has attained notoriety in recent years due to potential health risks .
Post-consumer resin ( PCR )
PCR is a blend of reclaimed natural HDPE ( primarily from milk and water containers ) and virgin resin . The recycled material is cleaned , ground and recompounded into uniform pellets along with prime virgin material especially designed to build up environmental stress crack resistance . PCR has no odor but exhibits a slight yellow tint in its natural state . This tint can be hidden by the addition of color . PCR is easily processed and inexpensive . However , it can not come into direct contact with food or pharmaceutical products . PCR can be produced in a variety of recycled content percentages up to 100 % .
K-Resin ( SBC )
SBC is a highly transparent , high-gloss , impact-resistance resin . K-Resin , a styrene derivative , is processed on polyethylene equipment . It is specifically incompatible with fats and unsaturated oils or solvents . This material is frequently used for display and point-of-purchase packaging .
Other materials
Bioplastic
A bioplastic is a polymer structure based on processed biological materials rather than petrochemicals . Bioplastics are commonly made from renewable sources like starch , vegetable oil , and less commonly , chicken feathers . The idea behind bioplastic is to create a plastic that has the ability to biodegrade .
Bisphenol A ( BPA ) :
BPA is a synthetic compound that serves as a raw material in the manufacturing of such plastics as polycarbonates and epoxy resins . It is commonly found in reusable drink containers , food storage containers , canned foods , children 's toys and cash register receipts . BPA can seep into food or beverages from containers that are made with BPA .
Concerns
There is ongoing concern as to the use of plastics in consumer food packaging solutions , environmental impact of the disposal of these products , as well as concerns regarding consumer safety . Karin Michaels , Associate Professor at Harvard Medical School , suggests that toxins leaching from plastics might be related to disorders in humans such as endocrine disruption . Aluminum and cyanide were found as trace elements in the examined samples but they are considered to be toxic elements according to the United States food and drug administration FDA . In the United States , plastic water bottles are regulated by the FDA which also inspects and samples bottled water plants periodically . Plastic water bottle plants hold a low priority for inspection due to a continuously good safety record . In the past , the FDA maintained that there was a lack of human data showing plastics pose health problems . However , in January 2010 , the FDA reversed its opinion saying they now have concerns about health risks . An article published on 6 November 2017 in Water Research reported on the content of microplastics in mineral waters packed in plastic or glass bottles , or beverage cartons . In 2018 , research conducted by Sherri Mason from the State University of New York in Fredonia revealed the presence of polypropylene , polystyrene , nylon and polyethylene terephthalate microparticles in plastic bottles . Polypropylene was hereby found to be the most common polymeric material ( 54 % ) and nylon the second most abundant ( 16 % ) polymeric material . The study also mentioned that polypropylene and polyethylene are polymers that are often used to make plastic bottle caps . Also , 4 % of retrieved plastic particles were found to have signatures of industrial lubricants coating the polymer . The research was reviewed by Andrew Mayes of the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) School of Chemistry The European Food Safety Authority suggested most microplastics are excreted by the body , however the UN Food and Agriculture Organization warned that it is possible that the smallest particles ( < 1.5 μm ) could enter the bloodstream and organs , via the intestinal wall .
Labelling
Plastic bottles are marked at their base with the resin identification code to indicate the material used .
Product labels are attached with adhesive or are shrunk to fit . In-mould labelling is a process of building the label into the bottle during molding .
Speciality types
Collapsible bottle
An accordion bottle or collapsible bottle ' is a plastic bottle designed to store darkroom chemicals or any other chemical that is highly susceptible to oxidation . They work by being able to squeeze down to remove excess air from the bottle to extend the life of the product . An alternate benefit is minimizing storage , transportation , or disposal space when the bottle is empty or as the content is being dispersed , for example with water bottles used by hikers . Collapsing can also keep foods fresher .
Carbonated drinks bottles
Bottles , used for storing carbonated water and soft drinks , has an uneven bottom for stability reasons . The technology was developed and patented by Lithuanian Domas Adomaitis in 1971 .
See also
Bottle wall
Boil-in-bag
In-mould labelling
List of bottle types , brands and companies
Packaging
Plastic pollution
PET bottle recycling
Society of the Plastics Industry
Squeeze bottle
Tetra Brik
Wash bottle
Windowfarm
History of bottle recycling in the United States
References
Books
Soroka , W. ( 2002 ) . Fundamentals of Packaging Technology . IoPP .
Yam , K. L. ( 2009 ) . Encyclopedia of Packaging Technology '' . 978-0-470-0870
External links
A guide to UPC label use on plastic bottles including printing
PET Plastic Recycling
Bottles
Materials
Plastics applications
Containers
Packaging
Mass production
Palfrey is a neighbourhood in the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall , in the West Midlands . It covers 3.68 sq km , which accounts for 3.5 % of the area of the Walsall borough .
Population
In the Palfrey ward there are 5407 households , with 29.4 % owning with a mortgage or loan and 24.1 % being socially rented , as of the 2011 census .
Crime
From January to December of 2018 , Palfrey had a crime rate of 86.3 per 1000 people , and a serious acquisitive crime rate of 19.6 per 1000 people . Both rates were lower than the average in the Walsall borough . 'Violence without injury ' was the most prolific type of crime in 2018 .
Economy
In the 2019 Index of Multiple Deprivation ( IMD ) Palfrey was ranked 2,773 out of 32,844 in England , where 1 was the most deprived and 32,844 the least . This is broken down further by income ; employment ; education , skills ; health ; barriers to housing and services ; the living environment ; and crime ( England ) .
In the 2011 census , 64.9 % of working age people in Palfrey ward were economically active ( compared to the 76.8 % national average ) and 26.5 % had no formal qualifications ( compared to the 15.0 % national average ) .
Education
The schools in the ward include : Palfrey Infants and Junior , Fullbrook Nursery , Joseph Leckie Academy , Whitehall Junior and Infants , and Delves Junior and Infants .
Politics
Palfrey has 3 elected councillors , as of April 2022 :
Councillor Hajran Bashir
Councillor Sabina Ditta
Councillor Mohammad Nazir BA ( Hons ) , DPHS
Etymology
The word palfrey refers to a small riding horse which is particularly suitable for women . It is possible that Palfrey 's name originated from the keeping of such horses on the land which has since become Palfrey .
Notable features
Palfrey Park is significant local landmark and is cited as one of Walsall Council 's flagship greenspaces and the first in the borough to achieve the national Green Flag Award in 2007 , which was thereafter retained annually in 2008 , 2009 and 2010 . The Park is located within walking distance of Palfrey Town Centre and its Broadway West entrance is located off Broadway West ( A4148 Walsall ring road ) . The park has a simple reverse L–shaped layout and is an intimate open space of approximately 6.48 hectares ranging from a formal historical layout in the north dominated by the reconstructed historical bandstand and Palfrey horse sculpture , created in stainless steel by the sculptor John McKenna ARBS , to the play and sports facilities at the centre core of the park , large amenity grass area to the south and informal nature conservation area in the south west corner of the park .
Palfrey is home to Walsall 's main mosques : Abu Bakr , Al Farooq and Aisha , Shah Jalal Mosques , Jalalia Sunni Jami Masjid , and Masjid E Usman . Walsall has a significant Muslim population . In the 2011 census 8.2 % of residents viewed themselves as Muslim , above the UK average of 4.4 % .
References
Walsall
Catherine Rose Biggs Dobbs ( 1908–1974 ) was the first woman mayor of a major industrial city , Barberton , Ohio , in the United States . Before running for mayor they were a noted historian and lecturer .
They were born in Shreve , Ohio . Studying journalism briefly at the University of Akron , they did not graduate .
In 1948 , they became the first woman from the Akron area to hold a seat in the Ohio Senate . They were a Democrat , and served as mayor from 1956 to 1961 .
In May 1962 , they came in second behind Charles Babcock in the Democratic primary for Ohio Secretary of State .
Electoral history
References
External links
Biography at Akron Women 's History
Profile on the Ohio Ladies ' Gallery website
1908 births
1974 deaths
Mayors of places in Ohio
Women mayors of places in Ohio
Women state legislators in Ohio
People from Barberton , Ohio
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
People from Shreve , Ohio
John Levy MacDuff ( 11 December 1905 – 11 July 1963 ) was a New Zealand-born lawyer and magistrate . They served as Chief Justice of Fiji from 1962 until their death the following year .
Biography
MacDuff was born in Wellington , New Zealand on 11 December 1905 . They were educated at Wellington College before studying at Victoria University College . They subsequently worked a barrister and solicitor .
During World War II they joined the 27th Machine-Gun Battalion . They were awarded the Military Cross in January 1943 for their efforts in the Western Desert campaign in 1942 , and was mentioned in dispatches . They went on to serve as the battalion 's Commanding Officer between September 1943 and February 1944 , before becoming Commanding Officer of the 25th Battalion , a post they held until June 1944 . After leaving the army , they were appointed Assistant Legal Advisor to the Western Pacific High Commission in Fiji in late 1944 .
Shortly after arriving in Fiji , MacDuff became Acting Solicitor-General . They served as a District Magistrate between 1946 and 1948 , before becoming a Chief Magistrate , a post they held until relocating to Kenya to serve as a puisne judge in 1953 .
MacDuff returned to Fiji in 1962 to become Chief Justice , a role they held until their death at their home in Suva the following year .
References
1905 births
1963 deaths
People from Wellington City
People educated at Wellington College ( New Zealand )
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
20th-century New Zealand judges
New Zealand military personnel of World War II
New Zealand recipients of the Military Cross
New Zealand emigrants to Fiji
Chief justices of Fiji
Fijian civil servants
British Kenya judges
Chief Magistrates of Fiji
Glen Eberle ( born May 6 , 1963 ) is an American biathlete . They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics .
In the late 1980s they became known for their lightweight biathlon rifle stock designs , which played a substantial part in setting the current rifle equipment weight limit of 3.5 kg for competitions in the International Biathlon Union .
References
1963 births
Living people
American male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of the United States
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Bellevue , Washington
The Cohens and the Kellys in Paris is a 1928 American comedy film directed by William Beaudine . It was the first sequel to The Cohens and Kellys . The film title is sometimes listed as The Cohens and Kellys in Paris .
It was an early production of Edward Small .
Cast
George Sidney as Sidney Cohen
J. Farrell MacDonald as Patrick Kelly
Vera Gordon as Mrs. Cohen
Kate Price as Mrs. Kelly
Charles Delaney as Patrick Kelly Jr .
Sue Carol as Sadye Cohen
Gertrude Astor as Paulette
Gino Corrado as Pierre
Charles Murray ( Undetermined Secondary Role )
Preservation status
The film is preserved in the Library of Congress collection Packard Campus for Audio-Visual Conservation and the Cineteca Nazionale , Rome .
See also
Gertrude Astor filmography
References
External links
Film stills at BFI.org.uk
1928 films
American silent feature films
1928 comedy films
Films directed by William Beaudine
Silent American comedy films
Films set in Paris
Universal Pictures films
Paris
American black-and-white films
Films produced by Edward Small
1920s American films
Andrzej Chylinski ( born December 5 , 1960 ) is an American racewalker . They competed in the men 's 50 kilometres walk at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
1960 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1995 Pan American Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
American male racewalkers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Pan American Games track and field athletes for the United States
Joseph Lawrence Mignogna Jr. ( born April 20 , 1976 ) is an American actor , musician , singer-songwriter , record producer , and game show host . They got their start as a child star in the early 1980s and is best known for their role as Joey Russo in Blossom and Joe Longo in Melissa & Joey . Lawrence also starred in Gim me a Break ! ( 1983–1987 ) , and the series Brotherly Love with their real-life brothers Matthew and Andrew , and for their film roles in Summer Rental ( 1985 ) and Oliver & Company ( 1988 ) .
Early life
Lawrence was born in Abington , Pennsylvania and raised in Philadelphia , the son of Donna Lynn ( née Shaw ) , a personnel manager and former elementary school teacher and Joseph Lawrence Mignogna Sr. , an insurance broker . They are of Italian , Scottish and English descent . Their family 's surname was changed to `` Lawrence '' during their childhood . They have two younger brothers , Matt and Andy , who are also actors .
They graduated from Abington Friends School in Jenkintown , Pennsylvania in 1994 and later attended the University of Southern California .
Career
Acting
Lawrence 's first acting role was in a Cracker Jack commercial . At the age of five , they appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson , where they performed the song `` Give My Regards to Broadway '' .
After appearing in guest spots on Diff'rent Strokes and Silver Spoons , Lawrence won the role of Joey Donovan on the hit NBC sitcom Gim me a Break ! in 1983 . They continued in that role until the series ended in 1987 . 1985 marked Lawrence 's theatrical debut with the release of Summer Rental . Lawrence provided the voice of Oliver , the protagonist in the 1988 Disney film Oliver & Company at the age of 12 . From 1991 to 1995 , at the age of 15 , Lawrence co-starred in the hit TV series Blossom on NBC , playing Joey Russo .
Lawrence has also starred in the series Brotherly Love ( which featured their real life brothers , Matthew and Andrew Lawrence ) and Run of the House and has guest starred on such programs as American Dreams and CSI : NY . One of Lawrence 's film credits is Urban Legends : Final Cut ( 2000 ) .
In 2006 , Lawrence appeared on ABC 's Dancing with the Stars . Paired with professional dancer Edyta Śliwińska , they placed third in the competition .
In May 2007 , they starred in the Broadway hit Chicago as Billy Flynn . They next hosted a dance competition show on The Learning Channel , Master of Dance , which premiered June 9 , 2008 .
In 2009 , Lawrence starred in the television film My Fake Fiancé with Melissa Joan Hart , which premiered on ABC Family to 3.6 million viewers , becoming the most-watched television film of the ratings season , sweeping top rank in its time-period in key demos . In August 2010 , Lawrence returned to television in the ABC Family sitcom Melissa & Joey , again opposite Hart . Hart plays a woman who hires Lawrence as a nanny to help care for their incarcerated sister 's kids . Lawrence 's character is a former figure in the financial industry whose company came under investigation for wrongdoing and caused their professional life to be put on hold . Lawrence 's brothers have guest starred on the show . Matthew Lawrence played Tony Longo in season 1 episode 25 and Andrew Lawrence appeared in season 1 episode 26 as Ryder Scanlon 's teacher , Evan McKay . The series was renewed for its fourth season and ended in 2015 .
In 2012 , they were contracted to be a Chippendales dancer for a special engagement in June at the Rio All Suite Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas . On March 19 , 2013 , Lawrence began appearing in the ABC reality show Splash , co-hosting alongside Charissa Thompson .
Music career
Lawrence has said that music was always their passion , and at the height of their success began a recording career . Lawrence was 16 when their debut album Joey Lawrence was released in February 1993 . Produced by Steve Barri , Tony Peluso , Terry Lupton and Ian Prince . Lawrence co-wrote some material , including the international hit single `` Nothin ' My Love Ca n't Fix '' ( # 6 Billboard Hot 100 Airplay , No . 10 Billboard Top 40 Mainstream , No . 19 Billboard Hot 100 , No . 13 United Kingdom , No . 68 Australia ) . The song was used as the end-title theme from the film Cop and a Half ; its music video received heavy airplay on MTV and MuchMusic , and Lawrence was invited to perform live on MTV 's Spring Break , The Arsenio Hall Show , and the UK 's Top of the Pops in 1993 .
In June 2011 , they released a single , `` Rolled '' , which was available as a free download for one week on ABC Family 's website . In July , Joey released a second single , `` Give It To Ya ( Acoustic ) '' via Pledge Music . In 2017 Joey started a band with Matt and Andy called Still 3 . They released their debut single `` Lose Myself '' .
Personal life
Lawrence married Michelle Vella in 2002 ; the couple divorced in 2005 .
They met their second wife , Chandie Yawn-Nelson , earlier while on vacation in Disney World when the two were teenagers ; they wed there in July 2005 . Reports had surfaced in March 2018 that Lawrence and Yawn-Nelson had filed for bankruptcy in July 2017 . On April 6 , 2018 , the Chapter 7 bankruptcy case was reportedly settled . Lawrence filed for divorce in July 2020 . The couple has two children .
In August 2021 , Lawrence announced their engagement to actor Samantha Cope whom they met on the set of a Lifetime movie directed by their brother Andrew and co-starring their daughter Charleston . On May 1 , 2022 , Joey married Samantha in an intimate wedding in California . On September 9 , 2022 , Joey and Samantha announced that they are expecting their first child together .
Filmography
Film
Television
Dancing with the Stars
Theater
Chicago ( 2007 ) as Billy Flynn ( replacement )
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
20th-century American male actors
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
21st-century American male actors
21st-century American male singers
21st-century American singers
American child singers
American dance musicians
American game show hosts
American male child actors
American male dancers
American male erotic dancers
American male film actors
American male pop singers
American male singer-songwriters
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American people of English descent
American people of Italian descent
American people of Scottish descent
Curb Records artists
Geffen Records artists
Male actors from Philadelphia
MCA Records artists
Musicians from Philadelphia
Participants in American reality television series
People from Abington Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania
People from Jenkintown , Pennsylvania
People from Montgomery County , Pennsylvania
Record producers from Pennsylvania
Singer-songwriters from Pennsylvania
Television producers from Pennsylvania
University of Southern California alumni
Li Nong ( died 350 ) was a Chinese military general and politician of the Later Zhao and Ran Wei dynasties during the Sixteen Kingdoms period . They were a notable official under Later Zhao 's emperor Shi Hu , fighting against the Jin and Former Yan dynasties . When the conflict between Shi Hu 's family and their adopted ethnic Han grandson Shi Min ( who later changed their name to Ran Min ) arose in 349 , they allied with the latter , and together they brought upon the destruction of Later Zhao , ending what was virtually a 20-year-long unity in northern China . However , just a year after , Li Nong and their family were executed by Ran Min for unspecified reasons .
Early career
Early career
Li Nong first appeared in history in 335 . At the time , they were already Shi Hu 's Minister over the Masses who they tasked in paying respects to the Buddhist monk Fotudeng and check on their health twice daily .
In 339 , the Jin commander , Yu Liang , who had long intended to launch a campaign against Later Zhao , unknowingly provoked Shi Hu by camping at Zhucheng ( 邾城 , in modern Huanggang , Hubei ) . Knowing that an invasion was imminent , Shi Hu ordered five of their generals , of which Li Nong and Shi Min were a part of , led by Kui An to attack Jingzhou and Yangzhou and Yu 's base at Zhucheng . In the attack , Li Nong managed to capture Jin territories south of the Mian river ( 沔水 , a historical name for the Han River ) together with Kui An . The overall assault was a major success for Later Zhao , as many Jin generals and soldiers either died or surrendered and territorial gains were made while Yu Liang decided to call off their invasion upon hearing the losses .
The same year , Li Nong was stationed at Lingzhi and appointed Commissioner Bearing Credentials , Chief of military affairs in Liaoxi and Beiping , General Who Conquers the East , and Governor of Yingzhou . They attacked the Former Yan city of Fancheng ( 凡城 , in modern Kazuo County , Liaoning ) but was repelled by Yue Wan .
Shi Hu 's succession crisis
In 348 , Shi Hu 's eldest son and heir Shi Xuan ( 石宣 ) assassinated their brother Shi Tao ( 石韜 ) who was greatly favoured by their father . Shi Xuan announced their death to Shi Hu , who at the time did not know that Xuan was responsible for their death . Shi Hu intended to visit the body , but Li Nong prevented him , advising that the assassins were most likely still around . Soon enough , the truth was revealed , and Shi Hu had Shi Xuan brutally executed .
With their eldest and favourite dead , they were left with their youngest son Shi Shi , whose mother was Consort Liu , a favorite of Shi Hu . Shi Hu had Li Nong set a petition to have the ministers choose Shi Shi as Crown Prince . In 349 , Shi Hu declared themselves as emperor and granted a general amnesty . However , this amnesty did not include Shi Xuan 's guards who were exiled to Liangzhou after their execution . In response , their captain Liang Du ( 梁犢 ) rebelled , and they marched towards Luoyang , defeating the Later Zhao generals in their way . Li Nong was made Grand General and sent to stop Liang Du 's advance but was also defeated and forced to retreat . Fortunately for Shi Hu , Liang Du was eventually killed by Yao Yizhong .
Death of Shi Hu and alliance with Shi Min
Reign of Shi Shi
Shi Hu died the same year they crowned themselves emperor . Just after Shi Shi ascended the throne , an attempt on Li Nong 's life was made . The Prime Minister Zhang Chai intended to get rid of Li Nong , who was the Minister of Works at the time . Li Nong 's friend Zhang Ju ( 張舉 ) , despite being a part of the plot , informed them before the plan could be carried due to their friendship . Li Nong took shelter at Shangbai ( 上白 , in modern-day Guangzong County , Hebei ) where they defended themselves with the Qihuo troops whilst Empress Dowager Liu ordered Zhang Ju to besiege him .
Reign of Shi Zun
The siege was lifted when Shi Zun , Shi Hu 's son through their former empress Zheng Yingtao , launched a coup against Shi Shi and Empress Dowager Liu and put them to death . Li Nong returned to court to explain their initial decision in supporting Shi Shi and was pardoned . Shi Zun 's brother , Shi Chong ( 石沖 ) rebelled after knowing about Shi Shi 's death intending to avenge him . Li Nong and Shi Min battled Shi Chong at Pingji ( 平棘 , in modern day Zhao County , Hebei ) , where the latter 's army was annihilated . Shi Chong was then forced to commit suicide .
Meanwhile , the Jin dynasty took notice of the Shi family 's internal strife . The Jin minister Chu Pou was made Grand Commander to take advantage of it . As the people of Lu commandery offered their surrender to the Jin forces , Chu Pou sent Wang Kan ( 王龕 ) and Li Mai ( 李邁 ) to gather them . Li Nong fought them at Dai slope ( 代陂 , east of present-day Tengzhou , Shandong ) where they captured Wang Kan and killed Li Mai . The defeat forced Chu Pou to retreat south .
Although Shi Min had been a staunch supporter of Shi Zun , their relationship broke down when Zun did not appoint Min as the Crown Prince despite their promise . Discussions were made between Shi Zun , Empress Dowager Zheng , and the other princes on getting rid of Shi Min . However , one prince , Shi Jian decided to alert Shi Min of this . Shi Min forced Li Nong to conspire with him , and together they surrounded Shi Zun 's house . They executed them along with the Empress Dowager and their loyal ministers .
Reign of Shi Jian
Shi Jian was installed as the new emperor , but real power was held by Shi Min and Li Nong , with Li being the Grand Marshal . During the two 's time in power , numerous assassination attempts were made to remove them . The first was carried out by Shi Jian and their brother Shi Bao , who engineered a night raid but failed and was caught instead . Shi Jian pretended not to know anything of the plot , so they were spared while Shi Bao and the other perpetrators were executed . Another attempt by Shi Jian 's family was made , consisting of Shi Cheng , Shi Chi and Shi Hui , although without Jian 's knowledge , but all three were defeated and killed by Li Nong and Shi Min . The third plot was headed Sun Fudu ( 孫伏都 ) and Liu Zhu ( 劉銖 ) , with both generals intending to restore the emperor 's authority . When Shi Jian heard about their plan , they supported them wholeheartedly . Sun Fudu and Liu Zhu waited for Li Nong and Shi Min in the capital to ambush them , but they too were defeated . Shi Jian became fearful and turned on Sun Fudu . Much like the conspirators before , Shi Min and Li Nong killed Sun Fudu and their men .
In 350 , Shi Min renamed the state of Zhao to Wei ( 衛 ) and changed the name of the Shi clan to Li , intending to eradicate the clan through a prophecy . This caused panic among the Shi and their ministers , who all fled to the Prince of Xinxing , Shi Zhi in Xiangguo ( 襄國 , in modern Xingtai , Hebei ) . Most of Zhao 's administrators such as Pu Hong and Yao Yizhong refused to submit to Shi Min and either broke away from the regime or joined forces with Shi Zhi . Finally , Shi Jian made one last attempt at killing Shi Min and Li Nong . They sent a eunuch to General Zhang Chen ( 張沈 ) to organize an attack on Yecheng but instead , the eunuch betrayed Shi Jian and revealed the plan , causing Shi Min and Li Nong to rush back to the capital . Shi Jian was executed and the remaining members of the Shi clan in the city were eradicated .
Ran Wei and death
After Shi Jian 's death , the minister Shen Zhong urged Shi Min to claim the title of emperor . Shi Min refused , declaring themselves a subject of Jin and instead offered the throne to Li Nong , but they too declined . Thus , in the end , Shi Min took the throne and established their state of Wei ( 魏 ) . Shi Min also changed their family name back to Ran , and appointed Li Nong as Grand Governor and Prince of Qi . Their sons were also made dukes .
Li Nong would not hold their new titles for long , as they and their three sons were executed as a part of a government purge by Ran Min . The exact reasons for their death were unknown .
References
Fang , Xuanling ( ed . ) ( 648 ) . Book of Jin ( Jin Shu ) .
Sima , Guang ( 1084 ) . Zizhi Tongjian
350 deaths
4th-century executions
Executed Sixteen Kingdoms people
Later Zhao ministers
Later Zhao generals
Ran Wei
An electric blanket is a blanket that contains integrated electrical heating wires . Types include underblankets , overblankets , throws , and duvets . An electric underblanket is placed above the mattress and below the bottom bed sheet . This is the most common type in the UK and Commonwealth countries , where it is known by default as an `` electric blanket '' ; in the U.S. and Canada , where it is less common , it is called an electric heated mattress pad . An electric overblanket is placed above the top bed sheet , and is the most common type in the U.S. and Canada , where it is called an `` electric blanket '' .
Electric blankets usually have a control unit that adjusts the amount of heat the blanket produces by pulsing current at different intervals . Blankets for two-person beds often have separate controls for each side of the bed . The electric blanket may be used to pre-heat the bed before use or to keep the occupant warm while in bed .
Electric blankets use between 15 and 115 watts .
Some modern `` low voltage '' electric blankets have thin carbon fiber wires and work on 12 to 24 volts .
Mechanism
Much like heating pads , electric blankets use an insulated wire or heating element inserted into a fabric that heats when it is plugged in . The temperature control unit , located between the blanket and the electrical outlet , manages the amount of current entering into the heat elements in the blanket .
Some modern electric blankets use carbon fiber elements that are less bulky and conspicuous than older heating wires . Carbon fiber is also used as the heating element in many high-end heated car seats . Blankets can be purchased with rheostats that regulate the heat by managing body heat and blanket temperatures , ensuring a comfortable experience .
Safety
Overheating
Newer electric blankets have a shutoff mechanism to prevent the blanket from overheating or catching fire . Older blankets ( prior to about 2001 ) may not have a shut-off mechanism ; users run the risk of overheating . Older blankets are considered fire hazards .
Some electric blankets work on relatively low voltage ( 12 to 24 volts ) , including those that plug in to ordinary household electrical outlets . In the US , such blankets are sold by Soft Heat , Serta , and Select Comfort . Such blankets also include 12-volt blankets designed for in-car use ; they tend to shut off automatically every 45 minutes or so .
Old or damaged blankets are a concern of fire safety officials , due to the combination of heat , electricity , the abundance of flammable bedding material , and a sleeping occupant . In the United Kingdom , it is estimated that 5,000 fires per year are caused by faulty electric blankets , .
Electric blankets also present a burn risk to those who can not feel pain , such as those with diabetic peripheral neuropathy , or who are unable to react to it , such as small children , quadriplegics , and the elderly .
Cancer
No mechanism by which SLF ( Super low frequency ) -EMFs ( Electromagnetic field ) or radiofrequency radiation could cause cancer has been identified . Unlike high-energy ( ionizing ) radiation , EMFs in the non-ionizing part of the electromagnetic spectrum can not damage DNA or cells directly . Some scientists have speculated that SLF-EMFs could cause cancer through other mechanisms , such as by reducing levels of the hormone melatonin . There is some evidence that melatonin may suppress the development of certain tumors .
In popular culture
A cartoon electrical blanket with its electrical temperature control acting as an anthropomorphic face named `` Blanky '' was portrayed in the 1987 Disney film The Brave Little Toaster .
In the 1951 film The Thing from Another World , a haphazardly thrown electric blanket melted the block of ice that encased the alien monster , releasing it .
See also
Bed warmer
Heating pad
Heated clothing
Kotatsu , a Japanese item of furniture composed of a table with blankets warmed with an electric heater .
Hot water bottle . This is a container filled with hot water in the evening to keep a bed warm overnight .
References
External links
Safety information from the city of Fairfax , Virginia
Detailed UK study on electric blanket safety ( in Internet Archive )
A 1998 CPSC document detailing differences in heating element construction between the US and European electric blankets
Blankets
American inventions
Heating
20th-century inventions
Jan Łożański , operating under the pseudonyms `` Orzeł '' and `` Jan Madejski '' ( 4 February 1912 – 21 June 1990 in Sanok ) was a Second Lieutenant ( podporucznik ) and a military courier in the Polish Home Army and ZWZ during World War II .
Life
During the Second Polish Republic Jan Łożański was a sportsman ( he played football , boxed and trained in athletics ) and a professional soldier .
When the Second World War began , they were a corporal ( kapral podchorąży ) in the 6th Podhale Rifles Regiment and was stationed in Sambor . After the Invasion of Poland they were taken prisoner by the German forces but managed to escape . They returned to their hometown of Zarszyn in October and in December 1939 fled to Hungary with the intention of joining the Polish troops in France . Upon reaching Budapest they were sent to a civilian refugee camp in Eger . There they accepted a proposition to become a military courier on the Warsaw-Budapest trail and to deliver messages from Hungary to Poland , though at first they intended this service to be temporary as they had not yet abandoned their plans of joining the regular Polish army forming in France .
They were sworn in and received their training in Budapest and delivered their first messages in the winter of 1940 . At first their trail lead through the Tatra mountains , then 45 times they traveled through the Low Beskid on the Jaga trail . They carried documents , weapons , money and occasionally guided people . They would take a train from Warsaw into the Podkarpackie Voivodeship and then continue their journey to Budapest on foot using their prior knowledge of the Bieszczady mountains . As a soldier they have traveled the Warsaw-Budapest trail 45 times until they ended their service in 1945 . During that time they were arrested six times ; twice by the gestapo and four times by Hungarian troops . They have led the Polish general Stanisław Rostworowski through the border . Under their alias `` Jan Madejski '' they attended a university in Budapest which allowed them to travel freely within the country .
On 19 March 1945 they were captured by the Soviet counter-intelligence agencies .
Their elderly father was imprisoned and their sister killed by Gestapo .
After the war they continued serving as a military courier , delivering intelligence from Vienna to Poland . At first , the headquarters of the Second Corps in Ancona ( Italy ) commissioned Łożański to make contact with the `` Raclawice '' organization in Poland . Later they helped the families of Polish officers escape the country .
They were arrested by the Ministry of Public Security on 17 July 1947 in Cieszyn . On 18 March 1948 they were sentenced to 15 years imprisonment as well as a revoking of their civil rights for 10 years . In autumn they were transported to the infamous Wronki Prison where they were eventually granted amnesty on 4 August 1956 .
After regaining their freedom they lived in Sanok with their wife Władysława and daughter Beata .
They repeatedly published their memoirs , among others , in the `` Rocznik Sanocki '' , a book `` Kurierskim szlakiem przez Beskid Niski '' and the book `` W więzieniach PRL '' . In 2012 a collection of their memoirs were published under the title `` Orzeł z Budapesztu '' ( the eagle of Budapest ) .
After their death in 1990 they were buried in the `` old Matejko '' section of the Central Cemetery in Sanok .
Honours and awards
Silver Cross of the Virtuti Militari
Cross of Valour
Armia Krajowa Cross
Silver Cross of Merit
Polish Army Medal four times
References
Recipients of the Silver Cross of the Virtuti Militari
Recipients of the Cross of Valour ( Poland )
Recipients of the Gold Cross of Merit ( Poland )
Recipients of the Armia Krajowa Cross
Recipients of the Polish Army Medal
1912 births
1990 deaths
Helen Elliott Donnelly was a fictional character on the now-cancelled American soap opera , Love is a Many Splendored Things . They were first played by actor Grace Albertson , who was replaced by actor Gloria Hoye .
Meddling mother
When they were first introduced , Helen was the wife of Philip Elliott , the brother of late war correspondent and Korean War veteran , Mark Elliott . In fact , their son , Mark was named after their late uncle . As one of San Francisco 's most successful architects , Helen only wanted the best for him . They did bond well with their niece , Mia Elliott and had in fact allowed the Amerasian to stay with their family . They eventually went back to Hong Kong after their beau at the time had been discovered to have performed an illegal abortion .
The often well-meaning , but interfering Helen had made no secret their dislike for Mark 's fiancee , Iris Donnelly Garrison , and had begun to promote a relationship between Mark and their softer sister , Laura Donnelly , who had recently left a convent . They were absolutely pleased when Mark and Laura married .
Some time later , Phil , Helen 's husband and Mark 's father , had died , and now they were alone . They began to bond with Laura 's brother , Tom Donnelly , a police officer in San Francisco , and after their divorce from their wife , Martha Donnelly ( alias Julie Richards ) , began to see them and were eventually married . Helen proved to be an excellent mother to their stepson Ricky ( Shawn Campbell ) . Presumably , they and Tom are still married and living in San Francisco .
Donnelly , Helen Elliott
Hostre ( ) is an urban-type settlement in the Pokrovsk Raion , Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine . The population is
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001 :
Ukrainian 28.59 %
Russian 71.41 %
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Namibia held two subnational elections in 1998 . Local Authority Council elections were held on 16 February 1998 . Regional Council elections were held from 30 November to 1 December 1998 .
Results
Local Authority Councils
Regional Councils
A total of 738,870 voters were registered , but 204,592 were in uncontested constituencies .
References
Local and regional elections in Namibia
Namibia
1998 in Namibia
Lapidge is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Edward Lapidge ( 1779–1860 ) , British architect
Michael Lapidge ( born 1942 ) , British scholar in the field of Medieval Latin literature
Werner Wolfgang Rogosinski FRS ( 24 September 1894 – 23 July 1964 ) was a German ( later British ) mathematician .
Life
Rogosinski was born in Breslau , into a Jewish family . Their father , Hermann Rogosinski was Counsel in Wroclaw . Rogosinski studied at Mary Magdalen School from 1900 until 1913 . They attended the University of Breslau , University of Freiburg and University of Göttingen , with Edmund Landau . Their studies were interrupted by World War I , in which Rogosinski served as a medic .
Rogosinski focused their studies on pure mathematics , physics and philosophy . Their interest was analytical problems , especially in series . Their dissertation , `` New Application of Pfeiffer 's method for Dirichlet 's divisor problem '' , caused a stir in 1922 .
Career
In 1923 , they went to Koenigsberg , first as a lecturer , becoming an associate professor in 1928 .
They worked for five years with Richard Brauer , Gábor Szegő and Kurt Reidemeister .
Rogosinski and Szegő families became friends .
Their first book Fouriersche Reihen was published in 1930 . It provided a student 's introduction to Fourier series .
The original was translated into English in 1950 and is still used .
Rogosinski married in 1928 in Königsberg . In 1932 , their son Peter was born . After the Nazi takeover , their fortunes changed . In 1936 , their teaching credentials were withdrawn . They were allowed only in some Jewish schools in Berlin . The Cambridge professors G. H. Hardy and John Edensor Littlewood invited them to come to the United Kingdom .
They moved with their wife and child to Cambridge in 1937 , with support from the Society for the Protection of Science and Learning .
They published five papers with Hardy from 1943 to 1949 , under the title Notes on Fourier series . In 1944 Rogisinski and Hardy published their book Fourier Series , which might be said to be a rewrite , using Lebesgue integral methods , of Rogosinski 's 1930 book .
They were a teacher in Aberdeen in 1941 .
In 1945 , they became a lecturer at Newcastle University ( prior to 1963 , King 's College , University of Durham ) . In 1947 they were appointed professor and in 1948 Head of Department .
In 1959 , Rogosinski resigned their position at Newcastle .
Svend Bundgaard brought them into the Mathematical Institute at Aarhus .
In 1954 , they were elected Fellow of the Royal Society .
In 1962 , they were elected a foreign member of the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences .
Their intention was to go to the new University of Sussex . They died after a long illness , aged 69 , in Aarhus .
References
External links
1894 births
1964 deaths
20th-century German mathematicians
Scientists from Wrocław
Fellows of the Royal Society
German Jewish military personnel of World War I
People from the Province of Silesia
20th-century British mathematicians
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United Kingdom
RPN NewsBreak is a Philippine television news broadcasting program broadcast by RPN . This is aired Monday to Friday at the end of some programs . The newscast was aired from April 5 , 1982 to October 8 , 1989 , and was replaced by The Hour Updates and October 3 , 1994 to March 21 , 2003 , replacing The Hour Updates and was replaced by `` RPN News Update .
Former anchors
Cathy Santillan
Aimee Acevedo Liu
Lulu Pascual
Cristina Peczon
Jimbo Ballestamon
Jay Esteban
See also
List of programs previously broadcast by Radio Philippines Network
Philippine television news shows
1980s Philippine television series
1990s Philippine television series
2000s Philippine television series
1982 Philippine television series debuts
1989 Philippine television series endings
1994 Philippine television series debuts
2003 Philippine television series endings
Radio Philippines Network news shows
RPN News and Public Affairs shows
English-language television shows
Filipino-language television shows
Zagora is the third studio album by British R & B band Loose Ends , released in 1986 by MCA Records . The album spawned the hits `` Slow Down '' , `` Stay a Little While , Child '' and two others , all of which were hits on the U.S. R & B charts , with `` Slow Down '' reaching number one on the chart .
Between the years 1991-2009 the album sold an additional 303,000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen Soundscan 5 years after its initial release , the album remains uncertified with overall sales unknown .
Track listing
European version
North American version
Charts
Singles
References
External links
1986 albums
Loose Ends ( band ) albums
MCA Records albums
Jonathan Z . `` Jon '' Kaplan ( born April 6 , 1976 ) and Alexander `` Al '' Kaplan ( born July 23 , 1978 ) are brothers who are American composers , lyricists and comedy writers . They are best known for creating the musical Silence ! The Musical , a parody of the film The Silence of the Lambs , which began life on the internet in 2002 before becoming a successful stage musical starting in 2005 . They have also created musical parodies of other films and television shows , including various Arnold Schwarzenegger films such as Conan the Barbarian , Predator and Commando . Jon and Al scored and co-wrote the films Zombeavers ( 2014 ) and The Drone ( 2019 ) , along with the Shudder series Critters : A New Binge ( 2019 ) .
Early life and family
Jon and Al Kaplan were born in Manhattan and grew up on Staten Island , several minutes drive from the Fresh Kills Landfill . The Kaplans ' father Nathan was a music teacher/composer-turned dentist , who exposed their sons to concert music , film music and musicals at an early age , before their death . Their mother , Elizabeth Kaplan , now referred to as Liz Alt , continues to teach chorus at P.S . 53 . They have a younger sister , Caroline , who is a portrait artist who used to collect leaves and coins .
Jon and Al moved to Los Angeles in 1996 to study concert composition and film music at USC . They graduated in 1999 and 2000 , respectively .
After graduation , Jon and Al went to work at the offices of Film Score Monthly magazine , where they did everything from write and edit articles to stuff thousands of subscription renewals into envelopes . This period would see the Kaplans pursue screenwriting , with the brothers penning several spec scripts , none of which sold . Their most notorious project was Peni5 ( 1999 ) , later titled Bigger , the story of a high school student with a small penis who takes black pills to make their penis gigantic , but they overdose and their penis keeps growing and starts to murder people .
Works
Silence ! The Musical
In 2002 , Jon and Al composed , performed and produced a nine-song Silence of the Lambs musical , Silence ! The Musical , which they put online so that they did not have to burn CD-Rs of it for their friends . Despite the fact that social networking sites like Facebook and Myspace had not yet taken hold , Silence ! quickly became a viral sensation , appearing in magazines such as Entertainment Weekly and Maxim , and on radio shows like Opie & Anthony and Howard Stern 's 100 .
In 2005 , the brothers composed several new songs and expanded Silence ! into an actual musical . They wrote an Airplane ! -styled screenplay , Silence ! The Musical , that was adapted for the stage by Hunter Bell , and the show was mounted by director Christopher Gattelli at the 2005 NYC Fringe festival , where it won the `` Overall Excellence Award '' for Outstanding Musical . In 2010 , Silence ! re-opened in London at the Above The Stag Theatre to positive reviews . In June 2011 , Silence ! returned to New York , opening Off Broadway at Theatre 80 , starring Brent Barrett as Dr. Hannibal Lecter and Jenn Harris as Clarice Starling . The NYC show moved to the Elektra Theatre at Times Square , closing in July 2013 . In August 2012 , Silence ! opened at The Hayworth Theatre in Los Angeles and played 67 performances .
24 : Season Two : The Musical
In 2008 , Jon and Al composed their second full-length musical , 24 : Season Two : The Musical . In 2014 , the Kaplans finally began producing videos for the show and put them on YouTube .
The Schwarzenegger musicals
In 2010 , Jon and Al launched a series of one-off musicals on their YouTube channel 'Legolambs ' that would feature entire movies distilled into single songs in a matter of three to four minutes . The most successful of the videos featured Al performing the singing voice of Arnold Schwarzenegger . Conan the Barbarian : The Musical , Predator : The Musical , Terminator 2 : The Opera , Commando : The Musical and Total Recall : The Musical are among the Kaplans ' most widely seen works to date .
Other musicals
Jon and Al 's musicals have also targeted Sylvester Stallone in Rambo : First Blood Part II and Peter Weller in RoboCop . Other YouTube musicals by the brothers include John Carpenter 's The Thing , Super Mario Bros . The 8-Bit Opera , Schindler 's List and Rocky IV .
Film and TV music
In 2006 , Jon and Al landed their first television scoring assignment as two of several dozen composers providing uncredited music for the NBC reality show Starting Over . ( They were hired by another composer who was a fan of Silence ! The Musical . ) In 2007 , they scored ( for clarinet , violin and piano ) the John Ford silent film entitled Just Pals , which was included in the `` Ford at Fox '' DVD box set . The Kaplans also wrote all of the Super NES-styled underscore for G4 's cartoon series Code Monkeys , which ran for two seasons .
In 2010 , Jon and Al scored The Hills Have Thighs , an erotic film that aired on HBO , Cinemax , Showtime and TMC , and also co-scored with Chuck Cirino the Syfy Channel original film Dinocroc Vs. Supergator , for which they delivered the spaghetti western theme that plays during the main title and several other times during the picture . In 2012 , they scored Syfy 's Piranhaconda .
In 2013 the Kaplans scored the horror feature Zombeavers , for which they also co-wrote the screenplay with Jordan Rubin .
John Williams
In 2010 , Jon and Al wrote , recorded and produced a short Lego video in which Darth Vader helps John Williams compose the Imperial march . On Aug. 30-31 , 2013 , John Williams introduced and showed the video at their annual Hollywood Bowl concerts with the L.A. Philharmonic . The short was again featured by Williams and David Newman during their 2019 Bowl concert .
Comedy writing
After writing on several unsold pilots , Jon and Al were hired to write comedy for the 2009 MTV Movie Awards , where the final show featured their Best Song presenter patter for Leighton Meester and Lil Wayne .
The Lonely Island Medley
While working as comedy writers on the 2009 MTV Movie Awards , Jon and Al arranged Andy Samberg 's `` Lonely Island Medley , '' which was performed by LeAnn Rimes , Chris Isaak and Forest Whitaker .
Awards
Saturn Award - Theatre Showcase Award 2012 - `` Jon and Al Kaplan - Silence ! The Musical '' in LA .
Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Award 2012 - Musical Score - Silence ! The Musical in LA .
Off Broadway Alliance Award 2012 - Best New Musical - Silence ! The Musical in NY .
Lortel Award Nomination 2012 - Best Musical - Silence ! The Musical in NY .
Time Magazine 's Top 10 Plays and Musicals 2011 - Silence ! The Musical in NY .
NYC Fringe Festival Overall Excellence Award for Outstanding Musical 2005 - Silence ! The Musical .
Critical reception
Reviews for the songs of Jon and Al have been largely positive . The original nine Silence ! songs made Entertainment Weekly 's `` Must List '' in 2004 : `` Cannibalism is deliciously served up in this tuneful and crass re-telling of Silence of the Lambs . '' On the Opie & Anthony Show in 2004 , Jim Norton said `` [ 'Put the Fucking Lotion in the Basket ' ] is your 'Welcome to the Jungle ' ... it 's fantastic . '' In reference to the 2005 staged production of Silence ! , Rob Kendt of The New York Times called the songs `` terrible ( and vulgar ) . ''
The reception of the London run of Silence ! was met with considerable praise , with Carole Gordon of whatsonstage.com declaring , `` * * * * . Totally crack-pot , yet brilliantly hysterical parody of the multi Oscar-winning movie . '' Clare Webb of totallytheatre.com said of the same `` Above The Stag Theatre '' run , `` * * * * . Uproariously funny and jaw-droppingly outrageous in equal measures , and chances are you will never again see anything quite like it . ''
Silence ! 's 2011 Off Broadway run was met with great critical praise , but the 2012 LA production received the show 's best reviews to date .
Reaction to the Kaplans ' Schwarzenegger songs has also been enthusiastic , with favorable write-ups in Salon.com and elsewhere .
References
1976 births
1978 births
Living people
People from Staten Island
American male composers
21st-century American composers
American lyricists
American comedy writers
American comedy duos
Sibling musical duos
Songwriters from New York ( state )
Comedians from New York ( state )
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American male musicians
American male songwriters
Dennis Nordström ( born January 19 , 1994 ) is a Swedish ice hockey player . They made their Elitserien debut playing with AIK IF during the 2012–13 Elitserien season .
They have two brothers , one which is the ice hockey player Joakim Nordström . The other brother is the architect Ted Mosby .
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Swedish ice hockey forwards
AIK IF players
Roman Serhiyovych Talan ( ; born 4 February 1988 ) is a Ukrainian former competitive pair skater . With Kateryna Kostenko , they are the 2009 Ukrainian national champion and represented Ukraine at the 2010 Winter Olympics . They competed with Elizaveta Usmantseva from 2013 to 2014 .
Personal life
Roman Talan was born in Kursk Oblast , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union . They married Kateryna Kostenko in 2011 and their daughter , also named Kateryna , was born on 25 February 2012 .
Career
Early in their career , Talan competed with Julia Goreeva . They were the 2005 Ukrainian junior silver medalists and competed twice at the World Junior Championships , finishing 11th in 2006 .
Talan teamed up with Kateryna Kostenko when they were 21 years old and they 17 . Gold medalists at the 2009 Ukrainian Championships , they represented their country at the 2008 and 2009 European Championships , 2010 World Championships , and 2010 Winter Olympics . They ended their competitive career in 2010 and began coaching in Dnipropetrovsk .
In February 2013 , Talan teamed up with Elizaveta Usmantseva , whom they had coached earlier . Usmantseva/Talan made their debut late in the 2012–13 season , at the 2013 Coupe du Printemps . In September 2013 , they finished eighth at the 2013 Nebelhorn Trophy , the last qualifying event for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi . Their result gave Ukraine a spot in the Olympic pairs ' event but it was assigned to Julia Lavrentieva / Yuri Rudyk . They turned down a test skate for the 2014 World Championships in order to treat Usmantseva 's spinal disc herniation .
Usmantseva/Talan were assigned to replace Berton/Hotarek at the 2014 Skate America but later withdrew as well . They ended their partnership in December 2014 .
Programs
With Usmantseva
With Kostenko
With Goreeva
Competitive highlights
GP : Grand Prix ; CS : Challenger Series ( began in the 2014–15 season ) ; JGP : Junior Grand Prix
With Usmantseva
With Kostenko
With Goreeva
References
External links
Ukrainian male pair skaters
Living people
1988 births
Sportspeople from Kursk Oblast
Olympic figure skaters of Ukraine
Figure skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Unkenbach is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Donnersbergkreis
The Catholic Church in Russia is part of the worldwide Catholic Church , under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome .
According to the most recent figures in Annuario Pontificio , there are approximately 773,000 Catholics in Russia , which is 0.5 % of the total Russian population . However , a 2012 survey has determined that there are approximately 240,000 Catholics in Russia ( 0.2 % of the total Russian population ) , accounting for 7.2 % of Germans , 1.8 % of Armenians , 1.3 % of Belarusians , and just under 1 % of Bashkirs . The survey also found Catholics to be more observant than Orthodox , with 45 % praying every day versus 17 % of Orthodox .
History
Origins
Since Rus ' ( the Eastern Slavic polity that later came to be Russia , Belarus and Ukraine ) was converted in 988 , before the Great Schism ( 1054 ) , it is somewhat anachronistic to talk of the Catholic versus the Eastern Orthodox Church in the origins of Russian Christianity . However , the Great Schism of 1054 was actually the culmination of a long process and the churches had been in schism before that ( e.g. , the Photian schism of the 9th century ) and had been growing apart for centuries before that .
Western sources indicate that Princess Olga sent an embassy to the Holy Roman Emperor Otto I. Otto charged Bishop Adaldag of Bremen with missionary work to the Rus ' ; Adaldag consecrated the monk Libutius of the Convent of St. Albano as bishop of Russia , but Libutius died before they ever set foot in Russia . They were succeeded by Adalbertus , a monk of the convent of St. Maximinus at Trier , but Adalbertus returned to Germany after several of their companions were killed in Russia .
Western sources also indicate that Olga 's grandson , Prince Vladimir sent emissaries to Rome in 991 and that Popes John XV and Sylvester II sent three embassies to Kyiv . A German chronicler , Dithmar , relates that the Archbishop of Magdeburg consecrated a Saxon as archbishop of Russia and that the latter arrived in Russia , where they preached the Gospel and was killed there with 18 of their companions on February 14 , 1002 . At this same time , Bishop Reinbert of Kolberg accompanied the daughter of Boleslaus the Intrepid to their wedding when they married Vladimir 's son Sviatopolk , ( known to history as `` the Damned '' for their later murder of their half-brothers Boris and Gleb ) .Reinbert was arrested for their efforts to proselytize and died in prison . Bruno of Querfort was sent as a missionary bishop to the Pechenegs and spent several months in Kyiv in 1008 ; they wrote a letter to the Holy Roman Emperor Henry II in 1009 .
These embassies to and from Rus ' may be the basis for the somewhat fanciful account in the Russian Primary Chronicle of Prince Vladimir sending out emissaries to the various religions around Rus ' ( Islam , Judaism , Western and Eastern Christianity ) , including to the Catholic Church in Germany , although the emissaries returned unimpressed by Western Christianity , explaining in part the eventual adoption of Orthodox Christianity .
Catholicism in Rus ' From the 11th century to the Council of Florence
The Russian Orthodox Church has , in fact , had a long conflict with Catholicism . Metropolitan Ivan II ( died 1089 ) responded to a proposal of Antipope Clement III for a union of the churches with a letter outlining the theological differences with Catholicism ( Markovich attributes this letter to Metropolitan Ivan IV who died in 1166 . ) Metropolitan Nicephorus I ( 1103–1121 ) also considered Catholicism a heresy ; this , in fact , has been the standard view in the Russian church up to the present day and not just among the heads of the church who were often Greeks sent from Constantinople . Thus , Archbishop Nifont of Novgorod ( 1135–1156 ) in the instructional `` Questions of Kirik '' , responded that a woman who took their children to be baptised by a Catholic ( the term `` Varangian '' , that is , Viking , is used ) priest was to incur the same penance as one who took them to be blessed by a pagan sorcerer . Other sources , including the Kormchaia Kniga ( the code of canon law of the medieval Russian Church ) attacked Catholicism as a heresy to be shunned . Up until the time of Metropolitan Isidor ( 1431–1437 ) , a Greek sent from Constantinople to preside over the Church in Rus , the metropolitans of Kyiv had almost no contact with Rome .
This , however , did not mean that there was no Catholic presence in Rus ' . The Teutonic Knights and the Brothers of the Sword ( absorbed into the Teutonic Order in 1227 ) , Swedes , Danes , and other Catholic powers launched a series of crusades against Pskov , Novgorod , and other towns in northwestern Russia and the Novgorodians fought hard to keep westerners out of the Novgorodian Land , not merely due to religious differences , but also because they would pay taxes to the Catholic monarchies ' administrative structures . Taxes , tribute , or military levies would then go to the Scandinavian kingdoms or the Germanic city-states of Livonia , or to the Lithuanians , and thus reduce Novgorod 's wealth and overall security . In the 1330s and 1340s , King Magnus Eriksson of Norway and Sweden launched a crusade against the Novgorodian land , preaching crusade and mustering armies in Livonia and Germany as well as in Sweden and Norway . In 1387 , the Lithuanians , who had long threatened the western frontier , became Catholic and united dynastically with the Poles . The Catholic Grand Princes , such as Vytautas the Great , attempted to establish separate metropolitanates in the Russian lands they controlled . The Russian church always fought against this , in large part out of fear that the new metropolitanates would be converted to Catholic provinces .
The popes , however , attempted more peaceful means of conversion as well . Pope Innocent IV sent two cardinals to Prince Aleksandr Nevsky in 1248 , who famously rejected their appeal that they become Catholic . In 1255 Innocent met with success , dispatching a crown to Prince Daniil of Galich ( Halych ) , in what is today Western Ukraine , the acceptance of which is taken to mean that Daniil accepted Catholicism . There were reports of Irish monks fleeing the Mongol onslaught on Kyiv in 1240 , and the Dominican Order was also dispatched by Pope Alexander IV to central Russia in an effort to convert the region to Catholicism in the 14th century . The princes of Rus also married into Catholic dynasties : Prince Yaroslav Vladimirovich ( Yaroslav the Wise ) and other princes married their daughters to Western princes ; one of these dynastic marriages was , in fact , to a Holy Roman Emperor ( although the marriage was an unhappy and ultimately failed one ) . Prince Iziaslav Yaroslavich ( 1054–68 ; 1069–73 ; 1076–78 ) sent their son to Pope Gregory VII , asking for papal assistance and promising to make Russia a vassal of the Holy See . Gregory 's reply letter is dated April 17 , 1075 . Grand Prince Vsevolod Yaroslavich ( 1078–93 ) established the feast of the translation of the relics of St. Nicholas to Bari in Southern Italy , a feast approved by Pope Urban II ( 1088–99 ) , who in 1091 sent Bishop Teodoro to Vsevolod with relics .
One line of descent from the Russian royal family in a Catholic dynasty produced several saints from the House of Arpad in Hungary , most notably St. Elizabeth of Hungary , who was a direct descendant of Vladimir the Great ( through their father 's side ) .
Council of Florence to 19th century
The first Catholic diocese established in Russia was the Roman Catholic Diocese of Smolensk in 1636 . Smolensk covered all of Russia until Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mohilev was established by Catherine the Great in 1772 without Papal authority but was approved by Pope Pius VI in 1783 . Minsk-Mohilev was established later established in 1798 .
When the Jesuit order was suppressed in the second half of the 18th Century the Papal Brief promulgating the suppression was never published in Russia . Catherine the Great valued the contribution of the Jesuits to learning and invited them to Russia where they remained active until they were expelled in 1820 at the instigation of Russian Orthodox hierarchs .
20th century
Before 1917 there were two dioceses in Russia : in Mogilev with its episcopal see in St. Petersburg and Tiraspol with its episcopal see in Saratov . 150 Catholic parishes were present with more than 250 priests to serve around half a million Catholic believers in Russia .
During the 69 years of the Soviet time ( 1922-1991 ) many Catholic faithfuls lost their lives , were persecuted or sent to imprisonment for their faith . Besides being Christian , the Catholics had an additional stigma by belonging to a denomination that , unlike the Orthodox Christians , was ( and still is ) not considered indigenously Russian . By the end of the 1930s , there were only two functioning Catholic churches in the USSR , staffed by and catering largely to French expatriates : the Church of St. Louis in Moscow and the Church of Our Lady of Lourdes in St. Petersburg .
In the aftermath of post-Civil-War famine of 1921 , the Catholic Church sent a Papal Famine Relief Mission to Russia , headed by the American Jesuit Edmund A. Walsh . The mission also succeeded in securing for the Vatican the Holy Relics of St. Andrew Bobola , which were then transported to Rome by the Mission 's Assistant Director , Louis J. Gallagher .
21st century
There are now approximately 140,000 Catholics in Russia - about 0.1 % of the total population . After the Soviet Union collapsed , there were an estimated 500,000 Catholics in the country , but most have since died or emigrated to their ethnic homelands in Europe , such as Germany , Belarus , or Ukraine . The members of European Catholic ethnic groups are mostly elderly and rapidly decreasing ( see here ) , although they do still account for most of the senior clergy . At the same time , the numbers of ethnic Russian Catholics account for more of the younger faithful , especially as the children of mixed marriages between European Catholics and Russians are registered as ethnic Russians . There also has been a slight boost in Catholics via immigration of Armenians , some of whom are Catholic , and a few of Russia 's ethnic minority communities ( such as the Circassians ) also have small Catholic populations .
The Catholic Archbishop of Moscow has voiced their support for religious education in state sponsored schools , citing the examples of other countries .
Relations with the Russian Orthodox church have been rocky for nearly a millennium , and attempts at re-establishing Catholicism have met with opposition . Pope John Paul II for years expressed a desire to visit Russia , but the Russian Orthodox Church had for years resisted .
In April 2002 , Bishop Jerzy Mazur of the Diocese of Saint Joseph at Irkutsk in Eastern Siberia was stripped of their visa , forcing the appointment of a new bishop for that diocese ; they are now the bishop of the Diocese of Elk in the Catholic Church in Poland . In 2002 , five foreign Catholic priests were denied visas to return to Russia , construction of a new cathedral was blocked in Pskov , and a church in southern Russia was shot at . On Gregorian Christmas Day 2005 , Russian Orthodox activists planned to picket outside of Moscow 's Catholic Cathedral , but the picket was cancelled . Despite the recent thawing of relations with the election of Pope Benedict XVI , there are still issues such as the readiness of the police to protect Catholics and other minorities from persecution .
One thousand Russian Catholics gathered in the Virgin Mary 's Immaculate Conception Cathedral in Moscow to watch the funeral of Pope John Paul II .
A 2004 Ecumenical conference was organized for Russia 's `` traditional religions '' Orthodox Christianity , Judaism , Islam and Buddhism , and therefore excluded Catholicism .
Latin Dioceses
The ecclesiastical province of Moscow consist of the archdiocese of Moscow with three suffragan dioceses in Saratov , Irkutsk and Novosibirsk . These four dioceses comprise the whole of Russia a part of the Sakhalin Oblast , which forms the Apostolic Prefecture of Yuzhno Sakhalinsk .
These dioceses and this apostolic prefecture all follow the Latin rite . There is a separate jurisdiction for those of the Byzantine Rite ( see Russian Greek Catholic Church ) , called the Apostolic Exarchate of Russia , but it has very few followers . There has been no Exarch since 1951 but in 2004 Latin Bishop Joseph Werth was appointed Ordinary for Byzantine Catholics in Russia .
The then Apostolic Administrations were formed into the current archdiocese in Moscow and the three dioceses in February 2002 .
Crimea
Even though the Crimea was annexed by the Russian Federation in March 2014 , this is not recognised by the Catholic hierarchy . The Latin rite Catholics of the Crimea therefore belong to the Diocese of Odessa-Simferopol which is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Lviv . The Byzantine rite Catholics belong to the Ukrainian Catholic Archiepiscopal Exarchate of Crimea , which is a suffragan of the archeparchy of Kyiv .
Russian Byzantine Catholic Church
Aside from the Latin Church , there is also the sui iuris Russian Byzantine Catholic Church ( for Russian Catholics of the Byzantine Rite ) , which follows Russian ecclesiastical traditions and uses Russian language , established in 1905 . Leonid Feodorov , declared Blessed by Pope John Paul II in June 2001 , was appointed Exarch of the church by the Holy See , which was of the opinion that the Byzantine rite would be a better fit for the Russian people than the Roman , particularly as the Roman Rite in the Russian Empire was dominated by outsider ethnic groups such as the Poles . However , the church was quashed by Soviet oppression .
Ordinariate for Catholics of Armenian Rite in Eastern Europe
There are 59,000 members of the Armenian Catholic Church in Russia . The government refuses for the most part to allow them to register their parishes . They are of the pastoral care of the Ordinariate for Catholics of Armenian Rite in Eastern Europe .
See also
Russian Greek Catholic Church also known as the Russian Byzantine Catholic Church
Leonid Feodorov
Michel d'Herbigny
Church of the Intercession of the Virgin Mary , Tomsk
Church of the Assumption of Mary ( Astrakhan )
Sacred Heart Church , St. Petersburg
References
External links
Catholic Dioceses in Russia
Russian Catholic Bishops Website
Most Holy Mother of God Catholic church in Vladivostok
Armenian Catholics of Russia
History of Christianity in Russia
Russia
Russia
Karolien Grosemans ( born 9 March 1970 in Herk-de-Stad ) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA . They were elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010 .
Notes
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives ( Belgium )
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1970 births
People from Limburg ( Belgium )
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
Daniel Peter Layard ( 1721–1802 ) was an English physician and midwife .
Biography
Daniel Peter Layard was the son of Pierre Raymond de Layard ( 1666-1747 ) , a Huguenot of good parentage of Monflanquin in Guienne ( Lot et Garonne ) , who fled from France following the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes . Pierre Raymond came to England as a member of the Corps of Noble Cadets of William III , and rose to the rank of Major in the British army in 1710 , at which time they were in General Vezey 's Regiment of Foot . Having become naturalized British in 1713 , they settled in Canterbury , and married , at the French Protestant chapel at the Savoy in the Strand , London in February 1715 , to a much younger wife , Marie Anne la Croze or Croizett . They had several children , most of whom died and were buried at St Alphege , Canterbury . Daniel Peter Delayard was born 28 March and baptized 8 April 1720 at the French Huguenot chapel of Des Grecs , Crown Street , Westminster . Their father died in Westminster in 1747 . Their mother lived down to 1773 , and died testate in London .
Layard graduated from Doctor of Medicine at Reims University on 9 March 1742 . On 9 August of the following year ( as Surgeon , of St Anne 's Westminster ) , they married Suzanna Henrietta Boisragon at the Savoy chapel . In April 1747 they were appointed physician-accoucheur at Middlesex Hospital , but shortly afterwards they resigned on account of ill health and travelled abroad .
In 1750 Layard settled at Huntingdon , practising there for twelve years . On 3 July 1752 they were admitted a Licentiate of the College of Physicians ( now the Royal College of Physicians of London ) . In c. 1762 they returned to London , where they soon obtained an extensive practice as an accoucheur .
Layard was physician to Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha , Princess , and Dowager Princess , of Wales . They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Sciences of Göttingen ( now the Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities ) . Layard was a founder of the British Lying-in Hospital , of which they were later appointed a Vice President . On 20 June 1792 they were admitted to the degree of Doctor of Civil Law honoris causa at the University of Oxford .
Layard died at Greenwich in February 1802 , leaving a will , and requested burial in a private crypt in St Benet 's , Paul 's Wharf , and that their late wife 's remains should be brought there from their original burial-place at St Martin in the Fields . They refer to the King 's pleasure their wish that their unpublished manuscripts should be published for the financial benefit of their children ; they refer particularly to the national services they have performed for the prevention and cure of afflictions of black cattle in Great Britain and other European countries between 1769 and 1793 , for which they anticipate reward or compensation of not less than £20,000 ; and they appoint Brownlow Bertie , 5th Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven to be their executor .
Their son Charles had become Dean of Bristol .
Works
Layard contributed papers to the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society and published :
An Essay on the Nature , Causes , and Cure of the Contagious Distemper among the Horned Cattle in these Kingdoms ( London , 1757 )
An Essay on the Bite of a Mad Dog ( London , 1762 )
An Account of the Somersham Water in the County of Huntingdon ( London , 1767 )
Pharmacopœia in usum Gravidarum Puerperarum ( London , 1776 )
Family
Layard was the father of Charles Peter Layard ( born 1748 ; successively Prebendary of Bangor Cathedral , in 1793 Prebendary of Worcester Cathedral , and in 1800 Dean of Bristol ; died 1808 ) , and great-grandfather of Austen Henry Layard . They were the great-great-grandfather of Nina Frances Layard , and the great-great-great-grandfather of John Willoughby Layard .
Notes
Attribution
. Goodwin depends largely upon Munk ( 1878 ) .
18th-century English medical doctors
Fellows of the Royal Society
English midwives
Place of birth missing
People from Westminster
Reims University ( 1548–1793 ) alumni
1721 births
1802 deaths
Physician-accoucheurs
Medical doctors from London
Gaius Furnius was tribune of the plebs in 50 BC , and a friend and correspondent of Cicero .
Cicero relied on the efforts of Furnius , while tribune , to obtain for them their recall at the end of their first year as proconsul of Cilicia , and , after their return , a supplicatio ( `` thanksgiving '' ) . A clause , however , which Furnius inserted in their plebiscite , making the recall dependent on the Parthians remaining quiet until the month of August , 50 BC , was unsatisfactory to Cicero , since July was the usual season of their greatest activity . Furnius , as tribune , was opposed to the demands of the oligarchical party , that Julius Caesar should immediately and unconditionally resign their proconsulship of Gaul . After the civil war broke out , they were sent by Caesar with letters to Cicero during March 49 BC . Cicero recommended Furnius to Lucius Munatius Plancus , proconsul in Transalpine Gaul for 43 BC , and they were legate to Plancus during the first war between Antony and Octavian , and until after the Battle of Philippi , in 42 BC . During the Post-Caesarean Civil War of 44-42 BC , Furnius informed Cicero of the movements and sentiments of the Roman legions and commanders in Gaul and Spain , but their letters have not been preserved .
In the Perusine War , 41-40 BC , Furnius took part with Lucius Antonius . They defended Sentinum in Umbria against Augustus , and shared the sufferings of the Perusina Fames ( `` Perusine famine '' ) . Furnius was one of three officers commissioned by Lucius Antonius to negotiate the surrender of Perusia , and their reception by Augustus was such as to awaken in the Antonian party suspicions of their fidelity .
In 35 BC they were prefect of Asia Minor , under Mark Antony , where they took prisoner Sextus Pompeius , who had fled there after their defeat by Agrippa in Naulochus ( 36 BC ) . After the Battle of Actium , 31 BC , Furnius , through the mediation of their son Gaius Furnius , was reconciled to Augustus and received from them the rank of a consular senator , and was afterwards appointed one of the suffect consuls in 29 BC . This is the first time the name of Furnius appears on the consular Fasti . They were prefect of Hispania Tarraconensis in 21 BC .
Furnius is probably mentioned by Tacitus , De Oratoribus 21 , among the speakers whose meagre and obsolete diction rendered their works impossible to read without an inclination to sleep or smile .
References
1st-century BC Romans
Gaius
Roman governors of Asia
Roman governors of Hispania Tarraconensis
Senators of the Roman Republic
Tribunes of the plebs
The 2000 Proximus 24 Spa World Championship GT was the 54th running of the Spa 24 Hours . It took place at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps , Belgium , over August 6 , 2000 . The event was won by the # 1 Peugeot Team Belgique Luxembourg Peugeot 306 GTi .
3 classes ran in the event . Superproduction fuel ( SP ) , Group N ( N ) , and Superproduction diesel ( SPD ) . 82 cars started with 38 being classified .
Official results
Class winners in bold . Cars failing to complete 70 % of winner 's distance marked as Not Classified ( NC ) .
References
racingsportscars.com
Race results
Spa 24 Hours
Spa 24 Hours
Sidi Ali is a district in Mostaganem Province , Algeria . It was named after its capital , Sidi Ali .
Municipalities
The district is further divided into 4 municipalities :
Sidi Ali
Tagzait
Ouled Malah
Districts of Mostaganem Province
Milford Haven Waterway ( Welsh : Dyfrffordd Aberdaugleddau ) is a natural harbour in Pembrokeshire , Wales . It is a ria or drowned valley which was flooded at the end of the last ice age . The Daugleddau estuary winds west to the sea . As one of the deepest natural harbours in the world , it is a busy shipping channel , trafficked by ferries from Pembroke Dock to Ireland , oil tankers and pleasure craft . Admiral Horatio Nelson , visiting the haven with the Hamiltons , described it as the next best natural harbour to Trincomalee in Ceylon ( today 's Sri Lanka ) and `` the finest port in Christendom '' . Much of the coastline of the Waterway is designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest , listed as Milford Haven Waterway SSSI .
History
Early history
From the 790s until the Norman Invasion in 1066 , the waterway was used occasionally by Vikings looking for shelter . During one visit in 854 , the Viking Chieftain Hubba wintered in the Haven with 23 ships , eventually lending their name to the district of Hubberston . Evidence of metal working in the area was recently excavated , suggesting a level of industrialisation in the period 750–1100 .
A Benedictine priory ( Pill Priory ) was established at the head of Hubberston Pill in 1170 , as a daughter house of St Dogmaels Abbey . Built on virgin land , it stood alongside the priory on Caldey Island as part of the Tironian Order in West Wales , and was dedicated to St Budoc . Founded by Adam de Rupe , it stood until the Dissolution under Henry VIII . In 1171 Henry II designated the area the rendezvous for their Irish expedition . An army of 400 warships , 500 knights and 4,000 men-at-arms gathered in the haven before sailing to Waterford , and on to Dublin , which marked the first time an English king had stood on Irish soil , and the beginning of Henry 's invasion of Ireland . St Thomas a Becket chapel was dedicated in 1180 , a structure which looked out over the Haven from the north shore of the town . In later years it was used as a beacon for sailors in foul weather , and ultimately as a pig sty , until it was reconsecrated in the 20th century .
In their play , Cymbeline Act 3 , Scene 2 ( 1611 ) , Shakespeare remarks :
By 1590 , two forts had been constructed to defend the entrance to the haven . George Owen of Henllys , in their Description of Penbrokshire , claimed in 1603 that Milford Haven was the most famous port of Christendom . The area however was a source of anxiety for the Tudor monarchy . Its location meant that it is exposed to attacks from Ireland ] ; a convenient base from which England could be invaded via Wales . In 1405 , the French landed in force having left Brest in July with more than twenty-eight hundred knights and men-at-arms led by Jean II de Rieux , the Marshal of France , to support Owain Glyndŵr 's rebellion .
In April 1603 , Martin Pring used the Haven as their departure point for their exploratory voyage to Virginia . The land comprising the site of Milford , the Manor of Hubberston and Pill , was acquired by the Barlow family following the dissolution of the monasteries in the mid-16th century . It acquired an additional strategic importance in the 17th century as a Royalist military base . Charles I ordered a fort to be built at Pill by Royalist forces and completed in 1643 to prevent Parliamentarian forces from landing at Pembroke Castle and to protect Royalist forces landing from Ireland . On 23 February 1644 , a Parliamentarian force led by Rowland Laugharne crossed the Haven and landed at Pill . The fort was gunned from both land and water , and a garrison was placed in Steynton church to prevent a Royalist attack from the garrison at Haverfordwest . The fort was eventually surrendered , and quickly taken , along with St Thomas a Becket chapel . Just five years later in 1649 Milford Haven was again the site of Parliamentarian interest when it was chosen as the disembarkation site for Oliver Cromwell 's Invasion of Ireland . Cromwell arrived in the Haven on 4 August , meeting George Monck , before Cromwell and over a hundred crafts left for Dublin on 15 August .
By the late 18th century , the two creeks which would delimit the future town of Milford 's boundaries to the east and west , namely Hakin and Castle Pill , were being used as ports for ships to load and unload coal , corn and limestone. , A ferry service to Ireland operated from Hakin around the start of the 19th century , although this ceased in the early 19th century . Although surrounding settlements at Steynton , Thornton , Priory , Liddeston and Hubberston/Hakin were established , they were little more than hamlets . The only human-made structures on the future site of Milford were the medieval chapel , and Summer Hill Farm , and its accompanying cottages .
Landscape and history
Parts of the Haven are within the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park . The northern side is within the Preseli Environmentally Sensitive Area . The area includes : Angle Bay , Carew and Cresswell Rivers , Cosheston Pill , Daugleddau , Gann Estuary , Pembroke River , Pwllcrochan Flats and West Williamston Quarries ( Sites of Special Scientific Interest ) ; and the towns of Carew , Haverfordwest , Llangwm , Milford Haven , Neyland and Pembroke , and the Pembroke Dock ( Royal Dockyard ) Conservation Areas .
The littoral landscape of Milford Haven shows evidence of maritime conquest , settlement , commerce , fishing and defence from the 11th century to the 20th century . Iron Age promontory forts are sited on several of the headlands at the entrance and along the course of the Haven and the Daugleddau . Early medieval , Christian and Viking sites are evidenced by place-names , documentary and epigraphic evidence , such as Early Christian Inscribed Stone monuments . The Norman conquest , achieved by coastally sited castle boroughs , is still obvious at Pembroke , at Haverfordwest , and at Carew . Carew did not develop into a borough , but excavations have shown that a Dark Age stronghold and possible Romano-British site preceded the Norman castle .
Around the start of the 19th century , two new towns were constructed : Milford in 1790 by Sir William Hamilton , and Pembroke Dock in 1802 as the site for a new Royal Naval Dockyard . Both towns have regular planned layouts , both have experienced a history of boom and slump in shipbuilding , fishing and as railheads and ocean terminals . These two towns , which could handle the larger vessels then entering service , concentrated trade that had previously been dispersed at quays , jetties and landing places and small settlements such as Pennar , Lawrenny , Landshipping and Cosheston further up river . These small ports served the coal mines of the Pembrokeshire Coalfield located on both shores of the Daugleddau , and also the large limestone quarries at West Williamston . The Daugleddau ports flourished in the 16th , 17th and 18th centuries , but continued to work through the 19th century by changing to using barges to tranship cargoes down river to bigger vessels at the mid-Haven ports .
In the late 19th century , concerns about the potential threat posed by the French Navy prompted the construction of a number of Palmerston Forts at various strategically important coastal sites , including Milford Haven . Most of the forts are now disused . The late 20th century brought the jetties , oil terminals and shore processing facilities of the oil and power industries . This industry reached its zenith in the 1970s when Middle Eastern supply difficulties forced oil transport to use ocean routes and Very Large Crude Carriers for which the Haven , with its deep waters and westerly position , was particularly suited .
Port
Milford Haven is the largest port in Wales , and the third-largest port in the United Kingdom . Shipping operations in Milford Haven are managed by the independent Milford Haven Port Authority as a trust port . The port authority has responsibility for managing Milford Docks , Milford Marina and Pembroke Port and Ferry Terminal . In 2012 , it was announced that the Milford waterway was to be declared an Enterprise Zone by the coalition government , due to its importance to the energy sector .
Petrochemical industry
Milford Haven 's association with the petro-chemical industry started with the opening of the first oil terminal and oil refinery in 1960 ; unfortunately this coincided with a serious oil-spill from Esso Portsmouth , the first oil tanker to unload there . Since then , there have been numerous spills of varying magnitude , providing the port authority with a great deal of experience . Uniquely at the time , the harbourmaster instituted the principle of cleaning up first and allocating the blame ( and the responsibility of paying for it ) later . There are two large oil refineries nearby which represent one fifth of the United Kingdom 's oil refining capacity .
In 1978 the tanker Christos Bitas ran aground off the Haven , spilling a portion of its cargo of oil . In 1984 , a serious explosion on a tanker being repaired in the Haven resulted in three fatalities . In 1996 , it was the location of the Sea Empress oil spill , initially thought to be one of the most devastating oil tanker disasters the UK has ever seen . In the event , recovery has been surprisingly good , perhaps partly because of the very strong tides . The comparable Torrey Canyon spill in 1968 , a ship which had been heading to Milford Haven , affected shores further south around southern Cornwall and northern France , was actually far more damaging .
Liquefied natural gas
In light of the dwindling supplies of North Sea gas , Milford Haven has become home to two new LNG terminals which eventually could provide 25 % of the UK 's gas requirement . Under construction from 2006 , South Hook is based on the former Esso refinery facility , while Dragon LNG is based on a brownfield site of the Gulf oil refinery , now also housing SEMLogistics chemicals . The regasified natural gas is fed through National Grid plc 's South Wales Gas Pipeline to the distribution point at Tirley , Gloucestershire . The first vessel , the Q-Flex-class Tembek from Qatar , docked at South Hook on 20 March 2009 . The first gas to the Dragon facility was delivered 14 July 2009 .
Cruise terminal
The port authority started promoting Pembrokeshire as a cruise destination in 2003 and passenger numbers have steadily increased since then . In July 2008 , the first transatlantic liner , the Maasdam arrived in Milford Haven .
Town
The town of Milford Haven was founded as a whaling center in the 18th century , and today the town 's port is the fourth largest in the United Kingdom in terms of tonnage and plays an important role in the United Kingdom 's energy sector with several oil refineries and one of the biggest LNG terminals in the world . Milford Haven is the second largest settlement in Pembrokeshire , with a population of 13,100 ; though its community boundaries make it the most populous in the county , with 13,096 people . As a community , Milford Haven takes in the town of Milford Haven itself and the villages of Hakin , Hubberston , Liddeston , Steynton and Thornton .
Power generation
As a first stage of a wave power plant , there will be some testing at West Dale Bay .
Contaminants
Organic and heavy metal chemical pollutants accumulating in variety of species including seaweed mussels , bivalves and worms have been measured in Milford Haven Waterway . This together with information on the sediment concentrations have been assessed in order to aid in the evaluation of the environmental quality of the ria estuary .
References
Further reading
Oil pollution in a major oil port , Capt . G. Dudley , in Ecological Effects of Oil Pollution ( ed . E.B.Cowell ) , Inst . Petroleum , London , 1971 .
External links
Milford Haven Port Authority
BBC Wales : South West : Milford Haven
www.geograph.co.uk : photos of Milford Haven
Countryside Council for Wales Historic Landscape Map
Events that have shaped the historic landscape : The Milford Haven Waterway ( Dyfed Archaeological Trust )
Competent harbour authorities
Geography of Pembrokeshire
Ports and harbours of Wales
Transport in Pembrokeshire
Milford Haven
Bodies of water of Pembrokeshire
Denis Perrior Hunt ( 8 September 1937 – 29 January 2019 ) was an English professional footballer who made over 320 appearances as a left back in the Football League for Gillingham between 1958 and 1968 . They became player-manager of Folkestone in 1969 and later managed Ashford Town and Margate .
Personal life
Hunt grew up in a football family and was the brother of Ralph Hunt and the nephew of Douglas Hunt . Prior to becoming a professional footballer , Hunt served in the British Army and after leaving football , they ran a newsagent 's in Folkestone .
Honours
As a player
Gillingham
Football League Fourth Division : 1963–64
As a manager
Margate
Southern League First Division South : 1977–78
Southern League Merit Cup : 1977–78
Career statistics
References
1937 births
2019 deaths
English footballers
English football managers
Gillingham F.C . players
Brentford F.C . players
Margate F.C . managers
Footballers from Portsmouth
Folkestone F.C . players
Association football utility players
Southern Football League managers
Southern Football League players
Folkestone F.C . managers
Ashford United F.C . managers
British Army soldiers
Association football fullbacks
Nikki Hemming ( born 1967 ) is the CEO and part owner of Sharman Networks and President of LEF Interactive , an agency based in Sydney , Australia , responsible for promoting and developing Kazaa , a peer-to-peer file sharing network , since 2002 . As such , they have been a figure in the dispute between peer-to-peer networks and the music industry including a legal case between the Australian Record Industry Association ( ARIA ) and the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) .
They are also suing Jon Newton , founder and editor of Canada 's p2pnet , for alleged defamation .
Early career
They were born Nicola Anne Hemming in Northampton , England in 1967 , and they emigrated to Australia in the early 1990s to work for Virgin Interactive . Hemming had previously worked in setting up offices in Germany , Spain and South Africa as well as working for Virgin Interactive and Grandslam Entertainment in the UK before relocating to Sydney . By 1997 , Hemming was the CEO of Sega World , a now defunct theme park in the Darling Harbour district of the city . Sega World cost A $ 70 million to build but failed to attract sufficient visitors even during the Sydney Olympics . After it closed in 2000 , Hemming worked for Viacom for a short while .
Sharman Networks
By 2002 , Hemming had established LEF Interactive Pty Ltd , standing for Liberté , Égalité , Fraternité , which would be responsible for managing Sharman Networks .
Sharman Networks was established in Vanuatu , with the stated intention of investing in Internet companies .
In March 2002 , Sharman licensed Kazaa and the associated Fasttrack software from company founder Niklas Zennström after Kazaa had been sued by every major record label and movie studio in the US .
As at March 2002 , Sharman Networks had a decentralised structure which Hemming had set up . Hemming was the only public figure associated with the company and was widely believed to be the owner . The secretive nature of the new ownership arrangements meant that it took nearly a year for the record and movie industries to have enough information to take legal action against the company .
In the meantime , Kazaa had become popular , reaching an estimated 64 million downloads of the software with four million installations of the program running at any one time . By 2003 , Kazaa was the ninth most popular website in the world .
In 2003 , a judge in Los Angeles found that Kazaa was subject to US copyright rules . The US Supreme Court found in MGM Studios , Inc. v. Grokster , Ltd. decided during June 2005 , that peer-to-peer networks such as Kazaa could be sued for copyright infringement . Although the justices could not agree whether it changed a previous ruling in , what is known as the `` Betamax case '' Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios , Inc. that it is exempt if there are significant legitimate users of the technology .
Kazaa was originally a party but action was dropped against it because it was based in Vanuatu and Australia .
Hemming claims that they have offered to work with the recording industry to develop a secure system to download files . They signed a licensing deal with Altnet and Streamwaves to allow the distribution of 20,000 songs .
Kazaa settled all of its outstanding legal issues together with Janus Friis and Niklas Zennström , the original founders of Kazaa , in August 2006 and all litigation ceased in Australia and the rest of the world .
Sources
About Sharman Networks page
ZDNet Australia story on Hemming 's plans for Kazaa 24 April 2002
Wired article on Kazaa published February 2003
Biography Research Center Online Gale Group Farmington Hills Michigan Retrieved 13 August 2005
Melbourne Age article on Nikki Hemming , 5 March 2003
Sydney Morning Herald report on raids February 2004
Sydney Morning Herald article on evidence by Sharman Director of Technology Phil Morle on the acquisition of Kazaa
References
Australian businesspeople
1967 births
Living people
Niphonympha dealbatella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae . It is found in France , Germany , the Czech Republic , Austria , Switzerland , Italy , Slovakia , Hungary , Romania and on Corsica and Sicily . It is also found in Turkey .
References
Moths described in 1847
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
The Flores jungle flycatcher ( Cyornis oscillans ) is a passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae that is endemic to the Lesser Sunda Islands .
This species was previously placed in the genus Rhinomyias but was moved to Cyornis based on the results of a 2010 molecular phylogenetic study . The Sumba jungle flycatcher ( C. stresemanni ) , which is endemic to the island of Sumba , was split as distinct species by the IOC in 2021 . Both species were known together as the russet-backed jungle flycatcher .
References
Flores jungle flycatcher
Birds of the Lesser Sunda Islands
Flores jungle flycatcher
Flores jungle flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vicini is a Dominican business family . According to Forbes Magazine , the Vicini as a whole are the wealthiest family in the Dominican Republic .
Juan Bautista Vicini
Juan Bautista Vicini Canepa , was born on February 25 , 1847 in Zoagli , a coastal village near Genoa to Angelo Vicini and Anna Canepa . Vicini left Italy and went to the Dominican Republic in 1860 at the age of 21
. They were invited to travel to the Dominican Republic as an apprentice to join their countryman Nicole Genevaro who was an exporter of coffee and sugar . After a few years , they purchased the operations belonging to Mr. Genevaro .
Juan Bautista , better known as `` Baciccia '' , was very successful in business . Thanks in part to their hard work and their savings , they managed to acquire land for the cultivation of sugar cane .
Their family residence is located on the Avenida Isabel la Católica No . 158 , in the city of Santo Domingo , marked with a placard reading J.B. Vicini . This designation is still preserved on the facades of headquarters of companies belonging to the family . This residence was their place of work . Locals gave it the name Casa Vicini .
Eleven children were born of their marriage to Mercedes Laura Perdomo Santamaría . Seven of them went to live with them to Genoa , Italy . While being married , they had an affair with María Burgos Brito and begat 3 children , among them , President Juan Bautista Vicini Burgos .
Vicini Canepa , patriarch of the Vicini family , returned only once to Italy and died in 1900 at the age of 53 .
Felipe and Juan Vicini Perdomo
Upon their death , Juan and Felipe Vicini Perdomo , suspended their professional studies in Italy to take over the family business in the Dominican Republic .
Felipe and Juan Vicini Perdomo increased investment to modernize the factory and field work in the sugar , in real estate both in urban and rural areas of the country .
The political and economic pressure of the Dominican dictator Rafael Leonidas Trujillo by appropriating all the national wealth , forced the family Vicini Cabral to transfer their residence abroad .
Third generation
The third generation of the Vicinis was constituted by José María vicini cabral , Jose benedicto vicini vargas , Jose Leopoldo vicini perez , Marco Antonio vicini perez , Jose Alejandro vicini Rocher , Juan Bautista ( Gianni ) , Felipe and Laura Vicini Cabral , under the leadership of Gianni ; this generation participated actively in the process of overthrowing the dictatorship , the country 's economic consolidation and democratic process of the nation .
The beginning of democracy with the death of Dominican dictator Trujillo in 1961 , they found a country where almost all economic areas had been dominated by the dictator and their closest relatives and collaborators .
The active participation as well as the capital of the Vicini family was instrumental in creating private banks , universities , associations , businesses and nonprofit foundations , all promoters of the country 's development and new business that channeled the nation towards development . The family Vicini Cabral participated in those efforts , both as advocates , with financial resources and with the participation and personal presence .
Laura and Felipe Vicini Cabral died childless .
Fourth generation
The 4th generation of the Vicini entrepreneurial dynasty is comprised by the siblings Amelia Stella , Felipe , and Juan Bautista Vicini Lluberes and their first cousins José Leopoldo , Jose vicini uceta and Marco Vicini Pérez .
Family tree
The Price of Sugar
The Vicini Family was depicted in The Price of Sugar , a 2007 documentary by Bill Haney about exploitation of Haitian immigrants in the Dominican Republic involved with production of sugar . The documentary shows the poor working conditions in the sugar cane plantations , and describes the actions taken by the Vicini family to stifle efforts to change the situation .
Subjects of the film , Felipe and Juan Bautista Vicini Lluberes , filed a defamation suit on August 31 , 2007 against Uncommon Productions and producer Bill Haney , alleging 53 factual inaccuracies . According to Read McCaffrey , a partner in the law firm Patton Boggs representing the Vicinis , 'The misrepresentation are very egregious and as deceptive as I have seen in a very long time . ' '' However , according to the First Circuit Court of Appeals , the Vicini family `` later winnowed the number of allegedly defamatory statements down to seven '' . The Appeals Court upheld a judgment from a lower court that the Vicini brothers were `` public figures under the circumstances '' . The brothers thus must prove that the filmmakers made false depictions and knew about it . If they had been private figures , as the plaintiffs had unsuccessfully tried to prove , the filmmakers could have been liable for publishing information without verifying its truth . The appeals court sent the case back to the lower court to decide if the filmmakers have to hand over a report that they prepared to obtain insurance coverage for the film . After that , the lower court can determine whether information shown in the film was false and , if it was the case , if the filmmakers knew about it .
References
Ferran , Fernando . The legacy of Jose Maria Vicini Cabral , Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , 2007 .
See also
Juan Bautista Vicini Burgos
Italian families
Dominican Republic families
Dominican Republic people of Italian descent
People of Ligurian descent
White Dominicans
Wielkopole ( , Velykopole ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-east of Gorzków , west of Krasnystaw , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Wielkopole
Josh Winkler , better known as DJ Klever is an American turntablist and two-time US Disco Mix Club champion . They have toured the US and abroad , and currently resides in Atlanta , Georgia . Since early 2014 they have been rapper Yelawolf 's touring DJ ; they later started working with the rapper and signed to their record label Slumerican . They are involved in the rapper 's second studio album Love Story , and has appeared in most of the singles ' music videos .
Titles and awards
1999 Guitar Center South Eastern Regional 1st place Champion
1999 Kool Mixx Atlanta 1st place Champion
2000 Atlanta DMC Regional 1st place Champion
2000 USA DMC 1st place Champion
2001 USA DMC 1st place Champion
2001 DMC World Champion 2nd place Runner-up
2001 ITF USA 1st place Champion ( Advanced Categories )
2001 Atlanta Kool Mixx 1st place Champion
2002 USA Kool Mixx 1st place Champion
2003 Atlanta Nike Battle Ground 1st place Champion
2003 Rough Raleigh DJ Battle 1st place Champion
2004 Breaklanta 1st place Champion
External links
Living people
American hip hop DJs
Year of birth missing ( living people )
`` I Ca n't Help It ( If I 'm Still in Love with You ) '' is a song written and originally recorded by Hank Williams on MGM Records . It hit number two on the Billboard country singles chart in 1951 . In their autobiography , George Jones printed the first six lines of the song and stated , `` Its lyrics could n't be more simple - or profound . ''
Recording and composition
According to Colin Escott 's 2004 book Hank Williams : The Biography , fiddler Jerry Rivers always claimed that Hank wrote the song in the touring Sedan , and when they came up with the opening line , `` Today I passed you on the street , '' and then asked for suggestions , steel guitarist Don Helms replied , `` And I smelled your rotten feet . '' The song was recorded at Castle Studio in Nashville , Tennessee , on March 16 , 1951 , and issued as MGM catalog No . 10961 .
Williams was backed on the session by members of their Drifting Cowboys band , including : Rivers , Helms , Sammy Pruett ( electric guitar ) , Jack Shook ( rhythm guitar ) , Ernie Newton or `` Cedric Rainwater '' aka Howard Watts ( bass ) , and either Owen Bradley or producer Fred Rose on piano . It was released as the B-side of `` Howlin ' at the Moon '' , but on the strength of its simple language and passionate singing , soared to number two on the Billboard Country Singles chart .
Williams sang the song with Anita Carter on the Kate Smith Evening Hour on April 23 , 1952 . The rare television appearance is one of the few film clips of Williams in performance .
Chart performance
Notable cover versions
Many artists have covered the song . Among the most successful are the following :
Guy Mitchell 's 1951 version peaked at No . 28 on Billboard charts .
Johnny Tillotson 's 1962 rendition reached No . 24 on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 and No . 8 on the Adult Contemporary chart .
Skeeter Davis recorded the track in 1965 . Them version was released as a single and peaked at number 26 on the U.S . Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 singles chart the same year .
Linda Ronstadt covered the song on their 1974 album Heart Like a Wheel , reaching No . 2 on the U.S. Country chart . Them version won them the Grammy for Best Country Vocal Performance , Female .
Cat Power covered the song on their 1996 album Myra Lee as `` Still in Love '' .
References
1951 songs
1951 singles
1962 singles
1974 singles
Hank Williams songs
Songs written by Hank Williams
Linda Ronstadt songs
Song recordings produced by Fred Rose ( songwriter )
MGM Records singles
Cadence Records singles
Capitol Records singles
Livelock is a top-down shooter video game featuring both solo and cooperative multiplayer , developed by Montreal-based Tuque Games and published by Perfect World Entertainment on August 30 , 2016 .
The top-down twin stick shooter game has been described as similar to the Diablo series in gameplay , but with guns and in a post-apocalyptic setting .
Development and release
The game was first announced in January 2016 . It is the first game by Perfect World Entertainment that is not a free-to-play title . The game became part of the Xbox Games With Gold program in September 2018 .
Reception
The game received `` mixed or average reviews '' from 14 PC and PlayStation 4 ( PS4 ) industry critics , and `` generally favorable reviews '' from 7 Xbox One industry critics , and holding aggregated Metacritic scores of 73/100 69/100 and 77/100 , for its PC , PS4 , and Xbox One versions respectively .
References
External links
Developer Tuque Games ' website
2016 video games
Perfect World games
PlayStation 4 games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Post-apocalyptic video games
Shooter video games
Top-down video games
Video games developed in Canada
Windows games
Xbox One games
Manfred Gombasch ( born 7 January 1952 ) is an Austrian footballer . They played in four matches for the Austria national football team from 1973 to 1975 .
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Association footballers not categorized by position
FC Sélect Rive-Sud was a Canadian women 's semi-professional soccer club based in Longueuil , Quebec that played in the Première Ligue de soccer du Québec .
History
The club was formed by the Association Régionale de Soccer de la Rive-Sud , which is made up of 13 member clubs , to participate in the newly formed women 's division of the Première Ligue de soccer du Québec using the regional approach , on behalf of all its members clubs . As a regional club , they planned to play their home matches at the various home fields of their member clubs , rather than at a central location . For 2019 , they decided to field an extremely young team , with most players between the ages of 15 and 19 , while also adding 39 year old former Canadian national team player Cindy Walsh to the roster . They set a league attendance record on May 18 , 2019 for their match against CS Mont-Royal Outremont with 360 spectators .
After the 2019 season , two of ARS Rive-Sud 's member clubs , CS Longueuil and CS St-Hubert , decided to enter teams in the women 's division , forcing FC Sélect to withdraw their team due to conflict of interest .
Seasons
Women
Notable former players
The following players have either played at the professional or international level , either before or after playing for the PLSQ team :
References
Soccer clubs in Quebec
Sélect Rive-Sud
Women 's soccer clubs in Canada
Phtheochroa huachucana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in the United States , where it has been recorded from Arizona , New Mexico and western Texas .
The wingspan is 22–27 mm . Adults have been recorded on wing in August .
References
Moths described in 1907
Phtheochroa
Keivan Deravi ( born 1956 ) is an Iranian-born economist at Auburn University at Montgomery .
Born in Tehran , Iran , Deravi received their undergraduate degree at the University of Tehran in 1977 . They left for the United States and received their MBA from Tarleton State University in 1980 . In 1985 , they received their PhD in economics from Oklahoma State University , where they worked on programming economic models for the Oklahoma Tax Commission . In 1985 , they were hired as professor at Auburn University at Montgomery ( AUM ) , and between 1985 and 1993 they worked on AUM 's Center for Business and Economic Development and Center for Government and Public Affairs . From 2009 to 2010 , they were interim vice-chancellor for Academic Affairs , and then Special Assistant to the Chancellor for Economic Affairs .
Frequently cited by newspapers across the state of Alabama , Deravi is considered `` one of Alabama 's best when it comes to economic forecasting '' . Their models were used in the recruitment of the Mercedes-Benz plant in Vance , Alabama , and they made similar projections for the Honda , Toyota , and Hyundai plants in Alabama .
References
External links
Keivan Deravi , AUM profile
21st-century American economists
1956 births
Living people
Tarleton State University alumni
University of Tehran alumni
Iranian emigrants to the United States
Auburn University at Montgomery faculty
Writers from Tehran
Amridge University is a private university affiliated with the Churches of Christ with its main campus in Montgomery , Alabama . It was previously known as Alabama Christian School of Religion , Southern Christian University , and Regions University , and is a successor institution to Alabama Christian College .
Founded in 1967 as the Alabama Christian School of Religion , its primary function historically has been as a theological seminary to train ministers in Bible and Christian Counseling . However , Amridge has expanded its curricula to other degrees . Seminary training offered by the Turner School of Theology , named in honor of founder Rex Allwin Turner , Sr. and their wife Opal Shipp Turner , continues to be a core undertaking , with all levels of ministry and theological degrees available .
History
Key institutional events
1942 Montgomery Bible School , founded by Rex Allwin Turner , Sr. , Calvin Leonard Johnson , and Joseph B . `` Joe '' Greer , offered both high school and first year college courses , and became a junior college with an elementary and secondary department
1949 Expanded curricula to include a third year of Bible and related courses
1953 Granted first baccalaureate degrees
1954 Institution 's name changed to Alabama Christian College
1966 Discontinued upper‑level program in religious studies to satisfy accreditation requirements as a junior college
High school department became Alabama Christian Academy , a regionally accredited elementary and secondary school
Junior college department became what today is Faulkner University
1967 Alabama Christian School of Religion founded to assume the upper-level program , offering classes in the new facilities of the College Church of Christ at 5315 Atlanta Highway
1972 Expanded curricula to include graduate degree programs
1974 Moved to new property jointly purchased with the Landmark Church of Christ at 6020 Atlanta Highway
1977 Expanded curricula to include a three‑year graduate program offering the Master of Theology degree
1985 Applied for accredited membership in the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
1988 Replaced the Master of Theology degree to conform to standard nomenclature and practice with the Master of Divinity degree , generally recognized as the first professional degree in ministry
1987 Sold its interest in the jointly owned property to the Landmark Church of Christ and built its own new campus on of land on Interstate 85 alongside Auburn University at Montgomery . The School of Religion moved to this new campus at 1200 Taylor Road that summer .
1989 Received accreditation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to grant degrees at the bachelor 's and master 's levels
1991 Institution 's name changed to Southern Christian University to reflect the widened geographical area served by the institution and emphasized the academic level and the emerging direction of the institution
1992 Expanded curricula by adding the Doctor of Ministry ( D.Min . ) degree and the distance-learning program
1994 Reaffirmation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools including the two asupervisorstioned substantive changes
1994 Changes in Alabama state licensure law in Family Therapy grandfathered the institution to permit reconfiguration of its counseling program
1999 Selected by the US Department of Education to help pilot the Distance Education Demonstration Program
2002 Purchased of land alongside Interstate 85 , located from the main campus to accommodate future growth
2003 Southern Association of Colleges and Schools approved Doctor of Philosophy ( Ph.D. ) in Family Therapy degree program
2005 Decadal reaffirmation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools including the following substantive changes in its curricula
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration – General Business
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration – Information Communication
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration – Information Systems Management
Doctor of Philosophy in Biblical Studies degree
2006 Southern Association of Colleges and Schools approved Associate of Arts degree program
2006 Institution 's name changed to Regions University
2008 Institution 's name changed to Amridge University
2006-2008 name changes
On August 2 , 2006 , Southern Christian University 's board of regents voted to change the institution 's name to Regions University . They expected this would enhance the institution 's opportunities , complementing its purpose and vision while expanding its scope of educational and religious heritage to all the regions of the world . The name change , however , sparked a civil lawsuit by Regions Financial Corporation filed on September 29 , 2006 , for trademark infringement . Consequently , on January 31 , 2008 , the board of regents resolved to change the institution 's name again , this time to Amridge University , preserving its mission and vision to expand its operations worldwide .
Presidents
Rex Allwin Turner , Sr. , Ed.D . 1967 – 1983
Rex Allwin Turner , Jr. , Ed.D . 1983 – August 2008
Stanley Douglas Paterson , Ed.D . ( interim ) August 2008 - March 2009
Michael Clark Turner , D.O . March 2009 – present
Academics
In keeping with its Christian heritage , Amridge University provides educational opportunities through five schools : the College of Business and Leadership , the College of General Studies , the School of Education and Human Services , the Turner School of Theology , and the School of Continuing Education . It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools . Additionally , it is approved by the Alabama Department of Postsecondary Education and the Tennessee Higher Education Commission .
Facilities
Campuses
The institution 's main campus in Montgomery , Alabama lies alongside Auburn University Montgomery just north of Interstate 85 at the Taylor Road exit . The campus consists of a single two-story complex , the Morgan W. Brown Building , that houses classrooms and the library on the ground floor and administrative offices upstairs . Classrooms are equipped with extensive multimedia equipment to allow live Internet streaming of instruction and lecture . Instructors can also transmit computer data , video , or still pictures . Each student 's desk has a computer workstation . There is building-wide Wi-Fi access .
Libraries
The Amridge University library features a large collection of religious books and theological reference works . It holds 80,000 titles , 1,200 serial subscriptions , and 800 audiovisual materials . The library is linked with other libraries across the US to ensure availability of books that may be borrowed through interlibrary lending . Its card catalog is accessible for online searching by students , faculty , and staff .
References
External links
Official website
Private universities and colleges in Alabama
Universities and colleges in Montgomery , Alabama
Educational institutions established in 1967
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
1967 establishments in Alabama
You 're My Thrill may refer to :
`` You 're My Thrill '' ( song ) , a 1933 popular song written by Jay Gorney and Sidney Clare
You 're My Thrill ( Doris Day album ) , 1949
You 're My Thrill ( Shirley Horn album ) , 2001
You 're My Thrill ( Elaine Dame album ) , 2014
James Fraser Tytler of Woodhouselee WS FRSE ( 1780–1862 ) was a 19th-century Scottish lawyer and Depute to the Lord Lyon , dealing with heraldic matters .
Life
They were born in or near Edinburgh on 9 October 1780 , the son of the eminent judge , Alexander Fraser Tytler , Lord Woodhouselee , and their wife , Ann Fraser of Balnain , and paternal grandson of William Tytler .
In 1794 they were apprenticed as a lawyer to Richard Hotchkiss WS in offices on the south side of the Grassmarket in Edinburgh , under the shadow of Edinburgh Castle . They qualified as a Writer to the Signet in 1803 and set up practice in the New Town at 9 Duke Street ( later renamed Dublin Street ) .
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1821 . Their proposer was William Arbuthnot . At this stage they acted as legal advisor to the Scottish Tax Office at 12 North St David Street and lived in at 34 Charlotte Square , one of Edinburgh 's most exclusive addresses .
In 1827 they became Depute and legal advisor to the Lord Lyon and in 1829 became Crown Agent as principal legal advisor to the Lord Advocate .
In later life they shared legal chambers with their son at 19 Castle Street .
They died on the day following their 82nd birthday , on 10 October 1862 . They are buried on the family estate at Woodhouselee near Roslin , Midlothian . The house is now demolished . They are also memorialised on the family vault in Greyfriars Kirkyard , but the vault lies within the section known as the Covenanters Prison which is generally closed to the public .
Family
In 1810 they married Elizabeth Carmichael ( d.1845 ) . They were parents to James Stuart Fraser Tytler WS .
They were brother to Patrick Fraser Tytler .
Their uncle was Col Patrick Tytler .
References
1780 births
1862 deaths
People from Midlothian
Scottish lawyers
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Anastasiia Hotfrid ( , also transliterated Anast'asia Got'pridi , born 25 April 1996 ) is a Ukrainian-born Georgian weightlifter who competes in the +75 kg division . They placed 12th at the 2015 World Championships and at the 2016 Olympics . They won a gold medal at the 2016 European Championships , and gold at the 2017 World Weightlifting Championships .
Career
Hotfrid was born in Ukraine and is married to the Ukrainian weightlifting coach and former Olympic weightlifter Denys Hotfrid . In Ukraine they are coached by their father , as their husband does not want them to compete in weightlifting . In 2015 , because of a conflict within the Ukrainian weightlifting team , they moved to Georgia . Them family remains in Ukraine , and hence they spend their time between the two countries .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Ukrainian female weightlifters
Female weightlifters from Georgia ( country )
Olympic weightlifters of Georgia ( country )
Weightlifters at the 2016 Summer Olympics
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
Ukrainian emigrants to Georgia ( country )
Naturalized citizens of Georgia ( country )
People from Snizhne
Sportspeople from Donetsk Oblast
The Homestead , 25 Woodbourne Road , Edgbaston , Birmingham , England is a house built in 1897 . It was designed by Charles Bateman , and built by James Smith & Son . The architectural style is Arts and Crafts and the house is a Grade I listed building . The garden wall and gate piers facing Woodbourne Road have a separate Grade I listing . The Homestead remains a private residence .
History
Over a period of some three hundred years , the city of Birmingham expanded from a West Midlands town with few natural advantages into England 's second city and `` one of the greatest manufacturing centres in the world '' . The later 19th century saw major growth of the city 's suburbs , including that of Edgbaston , to the south-west of the city centre . The area largely belonged to the Gough-Calthorpe family which presided oversensitive development aimed at the city 's affluent middle and upper classes . The city 's architects developed a distinctive regional variant of the Arts and Crafts architectural style , inspired by William Lethaby 's The Hurst at Four Oaks , Sutton Coldfield , and culminating in the Bournville model village developed by the Cadbury family of chocolate manufacturers .
Charles Bateman ( 1863–1947 ) was firmly in this architectural tradition . Working with their father John Jones Bateman , and over the course of a career spent largely in Birmingham and the Cotswolds , they developed a substantial practice . Bateman undertook considerable work in the industrial and commercial , as well as the domestic , fields . Peter Davey considers their printing works , on Cornwall Street in Birmingham , to be “ one of the most daring designs for an industrial building of the period. ” In 1897 , they began the construction of The Homestead . The house remains a private residence .
Architecture and description
The Arts and Crafts architectural style in domestic architecture was championed by Edwin Lutyens and popularised by their friend , collaborator and client , Edward Hudson , the owner of Country Life . The style caught hold in the English suburbs ; Peter Davey , in their study Arts and Crafts Architecture , notes that `` the architecture of Voysey , Baillie Scott , Parker and early Lutyens lives on in endless copies of hips and gables , half-timbering and harling , mullions and leaded bay windows '' . The Homestead is built to an L-plan and is of two storeys and three bays . The interior remains “ virtually as built ” . Julian Holder notes the “ Voysey-like assurance ” of Bateman 's composition . The house 's Historic England listing record calls it “ the most innovating of Bateman and Bateman 's domestic Arts and Crafts designs ” .
In their 2007 Birmingham volume of the Pevsner Architectural Guides , Andy Foster references The Homestead but does not describe it . Foster 's new guide , Birmingham and the Black Country , published in 2022 has detailed coverage of the house . Describing it as one of Bateman 's `` most important houses , and perhaps their most progressive '' , Foster notes the uncommon , double-pile , design and the many , more traditional , features including a billiard room , inglenook fireplaces and the almost obligatory , inscribed homilies , in this case , East , West , Home 's Best .
The Homestead is a Grade I listed building . The garden wall and the gate piers facing Woodbourne Road also have a Grade I listing .
Notes
References
Sources
Edgbaston , Yateley Road , 21
Grade I listed houses
Houses completed in 1897
Arts and Crafts architecture in England
Edgbaston
Architects from Birmingham , West Midlands
South Carolina Highway 284 ( SC 284 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina . The highway connects Westminster and Anderson .
Route description
SC 284 begins at an intersection with SC 81 southeast of Lowndesville , within Abbeville County , where the roadway continues as Tom Young Bridge Road . It travels to the east and immediately crosses Gill Creek . It curves to the northeast and intersects SC 71 . Then , it travels along the southeastern edge of Antreville . Just after it leaves the city limits , it intersects SC 28/SC 184 . The three highways travel concurrently to the northwest . Almost immediately , they enter Antreville , where SC 184 departs to the northwest . SC 28/SC 284 leaves the city limits and split . SC 28 enters Anderson County and has intersections with the western terminus of SC 201 ( Level Land Road ) and then SC 185 ( Due West Highway ) . Farther to the northeast , it meets its eastern terminus , an intersection with SC 20 in Craytonville .
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 284 South Carolina Hwy Index
284
Transportation in Abbeville County , South Carolina
Transportation in Anderson County , South Carolina
Martin County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana . As of the 2020 United States Census , the population was 10,327 . The county seat is Shoals at the center of the county , and the county 's only incorporated city is Loogootee , on the county 's western border .
History
The Indiana Territory achieved statehood near the end of 1816 . Shortly thereafter , the new State legislature created Dubois ( December 1817 ) and Daviess ( February 1818 ) counties . Due to the inflow of settlers into southwest Indiana , and the difficulty of accessing the county seats of those counties , Martin County was partitioned off from parts of those counties , being authorized on 20 January 1820 . It was named for Maj. John T. Martin of Newport , Kentucky .
Geography
The hills of Martin County are largely wooded and cut with drainages ; the available area is devoted to agriculture , development , or is under control of the US Government - about a third of the county belongs to the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane Division , and about a quarter of the county belongs to Hoosier National Forest . The highest point ( 870 feet/265 meters ASL ) is in Mitcheltree Township , within NSWC Crane .
The East Fork of the White River flows southwestward through the lower part of the county . The central part of the county is drained by Indian Creek , which discharges into White River near the center of the county . The upper part of the county is drained by Boggs Creek , which discharges into White River near the county 's western edge .
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 98.63 % ) is land and ( or 1.37 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Greene County - north
Lawrence County - east
Orange County - southeast
Dubois County - south
Daviess County - west
Protected areas
Hoosier National Forest ( part ) in northeast and southeast parts of Martin County . Administered by US Forest Service
Martin State Forest - in eastern part of Martin County . Administered by Indiana Department of Natural Resources
Lakes
Greenwood Lake
Seed Tick Lake
West Boggs Lake ( part )
Highways
U.S. Route 50
U.S. Route 150
U.S. Route 231
State Road 450
State Road 550
State Road 650
City and towns
Crane
Loogootee ( city )
Shoals
Unincorporated communities
Bramble
Burns City ( census-designated place )
Cale
Dover Hill ( census-designated place )
Hindostan Falls
Indian Springs
Ironton
Lacy
Mount Olive
Mount Pleasant
Natchez
Padanaram
Pleasant Valley
Rusk
Scenic Hill
Shoals Overlook
South Martin
Trinity Springs
Whitfield
Willow Valley
Windom
Yenne
Townships
Center
Halbert
Lost River
Mitcheltree
Perry
Rutherford
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Shoals have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The legislative branch of the county government ; controls spending and revenue collection in the county . Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts . They are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county ; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms . One commissioner serves as president . The commissioners execute the acts legislated by the council , collect revenue , and manage the county government .
Court : The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases . The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
County Officials : The county has other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk . Officers are elected to four-year terms . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
Martin County is part of Indiana 's 8th congressional district ; Indiana Senate district 39 ; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 62 and 63 .
Political Culture
Education
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 10,334 people , 4,216 households , and 2,832 families in the county . The population density was . There were 4,786 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.4 % white , 0.3 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.1 % black or African American , 0.2 % from other races , and 0.7 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.7 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 27.8 % were German , 19.2 % were Irish , 14.9 % were English , and 12.7 % were American .
Of the 4,216 households , 30.5 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.8 % were married couples living together , 9.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 32.8 % were non-families , and 28.7 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.98 . The median age was 41.8 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 55,017 . Males had a median income of $ 41,411 versus $ 30,503 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 21,750 . About 8.6 % of families and 13.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 21.2 % of those under age 18 and 9.1 % of those age 65 or over .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Martin County , Indiana
References
Indiana counties
1820 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1820
Southwestern Indiana
Sundown towns in Indiana
Mark , Don & Mel : 1969–71 is a rock album by Grand Funk Railroad that was released in 1972 . It is a compilation of early highlights from both studio and live performances while the band was managed by Terry Knight . It peaked at number 17 on the Billboard 200 and has been certified gold by the RIAA .
Track listing
Sides run 1 , 4 , 2 , 3
All tracks written by Mark Farner , except where noted .
Side one
`` Time Machine '' - ( 3:40 )
`` Into the Sun '' - ( 6:25 )
`` Heartbreaker '' - ( 6:30 )
`` Feelin ' Alright '' ( Dave Mason ) - ( 4:25 )
Side two
`` Footstompin ' Music '' - ( 3:45 )
`` Paranoid '' - ( 7:35 )
`` Loneliness '' - ( 8:30 )
Side three
`` Are You Ready '' ( Live ) - ( 3:34 )
`` Mean Mistreater '' ( Live ) - ( 4:40 )
`` T.N.U.C . '' ( Live ) - ( 11:45 )
Side four
`` Inside Looking Out '' ( John Lomax , Alan Lomax , Eric Burdon , Chas Chandler ) - ( 9:29 )
`` I 'm Your Captain ( Closer to Home ) '' - ( 9:58 )
References
1972 compilation albums
Grand Funk Railroad compilation albums
Albums produced by Terry Knight
Capitol Records compilation albums
Bach at the Sem is an annual sacred music concert series held on the campus of Concordia Seminary in suburban St. Louis . Bach at the Sem is an integral part of Concordia Seminary 's educational and cultural programming to those who attend the seminary and to the St. Louis metropolitan community . The purpose of the series is to profess the Christian faith through the proclamation of the Church 's heritage of sacred and classical music , especially music of Lutheran composers . Bach at the Sem concentrates on music of Johann Sebastian Bach and is also dedicated to the performance of church music from the Renaissance , Baroque , Classical , and Neoclassical periods . Typically , five or six concert performances have been offered each concert season coincident with the academic year of the seminary . The venue is the Chapel of St. Titus and St. Timothy on the campus of Concordia Seminary ; the audience is the faculty , staff , and students of the seminary along with metropolitan St. Louis .
The main performing ensemble for Bach at the Sem is the American Kantorei . The American Kantorei is an orchestral and choral ensemble founded in 1968 by its director , the Rev . Prof. Robert R. Bergt . Robert Bergt 's death in July 2011 resulted in the appointment of Dr. Jeral Becker , Director of Vocal and Choral Activities at St. Louis University , as Interim Music Director of Bach at the Sem for the foreseeable future .
References
External links
Bach at the Sem on the Concordia Seminary website
Concerts
Culture of St. Louis
Robert Damron ( born June 20 , 1954 ) is an American investment banker and politician from the state of Kentucky . Affiliated with the Democratic Party , Damron was a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives from 1993 until 2015 , representing the 39th district . They served as the Democratic caucus chair for 4 years .
They announced that they would not seek re-election to the state House in 2014 , and would instead run for Jessamine County Judge-Executive , as incumbent William Neal Cassity did not run for re-election . However , Damron would lose this election to Republican David West . Shortly afterwards , they switched parties and became a Republican , saying the national Democratic Party did not represent their values .
References
External links
Living people
People from Nicholasville , Kentucky
Kentucky Democrats
Members of the Kentucky House of Representatives
University of Kentucky alumni
1954 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The 2003 Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters was the seventeenth season of premier German touring car championship and also fourth season under the moniker of Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters since the series ' resumption in 2000 . Unlike 2002 there were ten race weekends with only one race at each event .
Changes for 2003
The races were increased in length to a total of one hour per race , as compared to the 40 minutes each race had lasted in 2002 .
The race at Zolder , Belgium , was replaced by Adria in Italy .
The DTM did not return to Sachsenring . Instead , Nürburgring hosted two events .
The qualifying for Round 7 at Nürburgring was held at nighttime .
Teams and drivers
The following manufacturers , teams and drivers competed in the 2003 Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters . All teams competed with tyres supplied by Dunlop .
Race calendar and winners
Championship standings
Scoring system
Points are awarded to the top 8 classified finishers .
Drivers ' championship
† — Driver retired , but was classified as they completed 90 % of the winner 's race distance .
Teams ' championship
Manufacturers ' championship
External links
Official DTM website
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters seasons
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters
`` 1901 '' is a song by French indie pop band Phoenix . It was released on 23 February 2009 as the lead single from their fourth studio album , Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix ( 2009 ) . It peaked at number 73 in Canada and number 84 in the United States , making `` 1901 '' the band 's first song to chart there . It also reached number one on the US Alternative Songs chart . The song has been covered by English singer Birdy .
Origin and description
It was released in February 2009 as the album 's lead single , originally as a free download from the band 's official website , but was issued as a retail single due to the song 's popularity . A black-and-white music video for the song was released in May . In July , the song entered the U.S . Billboard Alternative Songs chart , where it later reached number one , becoming only the fourth independent label single to achieve the feat . The single was re-issued in the UK in February 2010 . According to lead singer Thomas Mars , the song is about Belle Époque Paris . Mars said , `` Paris in 1901 was better than it is now . So the song is a fantasy about Paris . ''
Phoenix performed `` 1901 '' on television programs such as The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien , Late Show with David Letterman , Saturday Night Live , and MTV 's It 's On with Alexa Chung .
Critical reception
The song has received very positive reviews from music critics ; Pitchfork 's Jason Crock chose the song as a `` Best New Track '' and added that it 's `` just as smooth and spirited and dementedly catchy as any of their best singles . '' The Village Voices Pazz & Jop critics ' poll ranked `` 1901 '' at number two to find the best music of 2009 , after Jay-Zs `` Empire State of Mind '' . In October 2009 , `` 1901 '' ranked number 228 in Pitchforks list of `` The Top 500 Tracks of the 2000s '' , the fifth-highest placement on the list amongst 2009 songs . The NME '' 's Gavin Haynes praised the song 's `` rave-like stop-go guitars , '' while Evan Sawdey of PopMatters said it might be Phoenix 's `` finest song to date . '' Philadelphia Inquirer music critic Dan DeLuca described the song as `` joyously exultant riff-happy pop . '' The song was ranked number two on Spin magazine 's list of the `` 20 Best Summer Songs of 2009 '' .
In popular culture
The song is featured in episodes of Friday Night Dinner , Gossip Girl , Melrose Place , The Vampire Diaries and Hellcats , the trailer for the film New York , I Love You , television advertisements for PlayStation and the 2010 Cadillac SRX , and appears on the soundtrack to the NHL 2K10 video game . An edited version is also used as the theme tune for BBC Radio 5 Live 's 6-0-6 football phone-in show .
Samples from the song were also used for the track `` Triple Double '' from Girl Talk 's fifth studio album , All Day .
The song was released for the Rock Band series on January 19 , 2010 along with `` Lisztomania '' . It was released as part of a Phoenix Track Pack for Guitar Hero 5 on April 8 , 2010 . It appears on the Test Drive Unlimited 2 soundtrack . The song is also featured as the default music for the `` Modern '' template in the iOS version of iMovie . The song is also featured on the NHL 2K10 and NBA 2K13 soundtrack . The song appears on the soundtrack of Forza Horizon , playing on the Horizon Pulse in-game radio station , and in the free-to-play MMOTPS sandbox game APB : Reloaded ( All Points Bulletin : Reloaded ) . In 2014 , the song was featured in Boyhood '' .
Track listing
Promo CD single
`` 1901 '' – 3:13
Chart performance
For the week ending December 19 , 2009 , `` 1901 '' debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 chart at number 90 . It peaked at number 84 for the week ending January 23 , 2010 . The single also reached number 73 on the Canadian Hot 100 . The single would also top the Alternative chart for two weeks , and become the second longest running song on the chart at the time at 57 weeks , trailing only `` Savior '' by Rise Against , which was also in the latter part of its record breaking 65-week run .
Certifications
Accolades
Birdy version
English singer Birdy released a cover version of the song on March 9 , 2012 as a digital download in the United Kingdom .
Music video
The music video for `` 1901 '' was uploaded to YouTube on October 25 , 2009 . Featured artists include Helen George and Ian Roe .
Track listing
Chart performance
Release history
See also
List of Billboard number-one alternative singles of the 2010s
References
2009 songs
2009 singles
2012 singles
Phoenix ( band ) songs
Birdy ( singer ) songs
V2 Records singles
Black-and-white music videos
Songs written by Thomas Mars
Songs written by Laurent Brancowitz
Songs about Paris
Electronic rock songs
Songs used as jingles
Warner Music Group singles
Gaspare Celio ( 1571 in Rome–November 24 , 1640 in Rome ) was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist and early-Baroque period , active mainly in their native city of Rome .
Celio was the pupil of Circignani , according to Baglione , but of Cristoforo Roncalli , if we are to believe Abate Titi .
Their first commissions in about 1596 were completed with Giuseppe Valeriano who asked Celio to decorate the Chapel of the Passion in the church of il Gesù in Rome . This work was done after the design of P. Giovanni Battista Fiammeri . They also paint a Madonna and Bambino , now in Santa Maria del Carmine , a Passage of Moses through the Red Sea ( 1607 ) in a vault of the Palazzo Mattei , a Death of the Giants . They painted a St Francis for the altar of the Ospizio at Ponte Sisto . They painted a History of S. Raimondo at the Santa Maria sopra Minerva .
Between 1620 -1638 they help publish a guide to the churches and artwork in Rome ( Memoria delli nomi dell'artefici delle pitture che sono in alcune chiese , facciate e palazzi di Roma ) . They engraved antique statues . They briefly worked in Parma as a painter for the court of Ranuccio Farnese .
They were buried in the Basilica of Santa Maria del Popolo , Rome , where still stands their funeral monument .
Works
Works at the Capilla della Passione ( 1596 ) , iglesia del Gesù , Rome
Virgin and Child or Madonna ( Santa Maria del Carmine )
The Passage of Moses Through the Red Sea ( 1607 ) , in the vault of Palazzo Mattei
Death of the Giants Palazzo Mattei , Rome
Works at the Capilla Altieri ( 1622 ) , San Francesco a Ripa , Rome
Ludovica Albertoni
Saint Charles Borromeo
Holy Family and Saint Anne
St. Francis , an altar of the Ospizio at Ponte Sisto
History of Saint Raymond , Santa Maria sopra Minerva
Battle Scene ( Borghese Gallery , Rome )
References
Further reading
Sydney Joseph Freedberg ( 1978 ) . Paintings in Italy , 1500-1600
The Grove Dictionary of Art , Macmillan Publishers ( 2000 )
José Luis Colomer , Arte y diplomacia de la monarquía hispánica en el siglo XVII ( Art and Diplomacy in the Spanish Monarchy in the 17th Century ) , CEEH ( 2003 ) .
Comune di Bozzolo ; Gruppo Culturale Per Bozzolo ( a cura di ) , Il Principe e la Città . Giulio Cesare Gonzaga di Bozzolo , Modena , 1994 . ISBN non esistente .
1571 births
1640 deaths
Painters from Rome
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Italian art historians
Willie James Germany Jr. ( born May 9 , 1948 ) is a former American football defensive back who played four years in the National Football League .
Background
Germany was born in Columbus , Georgia , they went to Howard High School ( Ellicott City , Maryland ) and they attended college at Morgan State University in Baltimore , Maryland .
Career
Drafted by the Washington Redskins in the seventh round ( 166th overall ) of the 1971 NFL Draft , Germany played in 42 games during their four-year NFL career . A journeyman defensive back , Germany played for the Atlanta Falcons , the Detroit Lions , the Houston Oilers and the New England Patriots .
References
1948 births
Living people
American football defensive backs
Detroit Lions players
Atlanta Falcons players
Morgan State Bears football players
New England Patriots players
Govar or Gavar ( ) may refer to :
Gavar , Kaleybar , East Azerbaijan Province
Gavar , Tabriz , East Azerbaijan Province
Gavar , Kerman
Gavar , Markazi
Govar District , in Kermanshah Province
Adena Williams Loston ( born 1952 ) is the 14th president of St. Philip 's College . They were installed as the new president in ceremonies on March 1 , 2007 . St. Philip 's College , located in San Antonio , Texas , is the only historically Black college and Hispanic-serving institution in the United States .
Education
Loston earned their Bachelor of Science degree from Alcorn State University in 1973 . They received their Master of Education and Doctor of Philosophy degrees from Bowling Green State University in 1974 and 1979 respectively . They also attended the Institute for Educational Management at Harvard University in 1996 .
Career
Loston has taught as an associate professor at Georgia State University and an instructor at Arkansas State University and Houston Community College . They also taught as an adjunct instructor at the University of Houston–Downtown and Texas Southern University .
They then served as the Dean of Vocational Education , Budgets and Facilities , and Dean of Professional Programs at Santa Monica College , the Executive Dean/Provost in the El Paso Community College District , and ultimately as the President of San Jacinto College South , in Houston , Texas . They became the second president of San Jacinto College South and the first African-American president in the District .
Loston then served as the director of education and special assistant for Suborbital and Special Orbital Projects Directorate for the Goddard Space Flight Center , Wallops Flight Facility and Chief Education Officer for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration at its headquarters in Washington , D.C . Them initial appointment at NASA was as the associate administrator for education on October 28 , 2002 , and prior to joining the agency , they served as the NASA Administrator 's senior education advisor starting in September 2002 .
As NASA 's senior education official , they were responsible for structuring the Office of Education , providing executive leadership , policy direction , functional management , and guidance in coordinating the Agency 's overall efforts to organize and enhance its education investments and portfolio nationally and internationally for its Headquarter operations , mission directorates and 10 field centers . Loston was responsible for a $ 230 million budget ( including earmarks ) and directed policy for $ 1.3 billion .
Awards and honors
Loston has been recognized with several awards , including :
Texas Diabetes Institute : Wall of Honor Inductee 2019—Heart of Care ;
Outstanding Leadership Medal , from the National Aeronautics & Space Administration ;
National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's ( NASA ) Exceptional Achievement Medal from the Goddard Space Flight Center ;
Group Achievement Award , Educator Astronaut Program , National Aeronautics & Space Administration ;
Group Achievement Award , NASA Explorer Schools Program , National Aeronautics & Space Administration ;
Group Achievement Award , NASA 's Centennial of Flight Team , National Aeronautics & Space Administration ;
Honorary Doctor of Science from Wiley College ;
W.E.B . DuBois Higher Education Award from the National Alliance of Black School Educators ;
Leadership Award from the Higher Education Commission of The National Alliance of Black School Educators ;
Outstanding Women in Action Education Award from the La Prensa Foundation ;
Les Dames d'Escoffier Legacy Award ;
Alcorn State University Metro-Jackson Alumni Chapter - Leadership Legends Award ;
University Health Systems - 2019 Wall of Honor Inductee , Heart of Care Award ;
The CPS Energy Amazing Energy Award ;
San Antonio Women 's Hall of Fame Inductee ;
The Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society 's Shirley B. Gordon International Presidential Award of Distinction ;
Educator 's Hall of Fame from the National Sorority of Phi Delta Kappa , Inc. ;
The NAACP Daisy Bates Education Advocacy Award ;
The Accomplished Graduate Award from Bowling Green State University ;
The Strong-Turner Alumni Chapter and Arkansas State University Award for Outstanding Leadership ;
The Education Technology Think Tank ( ET3 ) Tec Champion Award ;
The Distinguished Alumni Award , Alcorn State University , Dallas Alumni Chapter ;
The Distinguished Alumni Award , Alcorn State University , Washington D.C. ;
Texas Association of Black Personnel in Higher Education Presidential Award 1997 and 2007
References
External links
St. Philip 's College
Official Biography of Dr. Adena Williams Loston , NASA 's Chief Education Officer
Official Biography of Dr. Adena Williams Loston , St. Philip 's College President
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
Living people
1953 births
The Premontre monastery church of Zsámbék is a ruin of a Romanesque church in the town of Zsámbék , Pest County , Hungary . The construction of the church started in 1220 .
History
The construction of the church started as a part of a Premonstratensian monastery . It was the third consecutive church standing at the same site . The construction was completed in the 13th century . It was a private family church ( ) , built by a single family , the gens Smaragd ( the family of Aynard ) , and might have been the last of such churches in Hungary . The church was a three-nave basilica ; the cloister was attached to one of the sides .
In 1398 , the Aynards went out of favor and the king ordered their property to be confiscated . Zsámbék was transferred to the Maróthi family , and in 1477 , when these became extinct , Matthias Corvinus transferred the monastery to the Pauline Fathers . The church and the monastery were subsequently rebuilt in the Gothic style .
The monastery was badly damaged during Turkish rule in Hungary . In the 17th century , the church became property of the Zichy family which used a chapel in the monastery for services instead . On June 28 , 1736 , the church collapsed as a result of an earthquake , and since then has been deserted .
References
External links
Medieval Buildings And Architectural Sights In Hungary
Smaragd ( genus )
Romanesque architecture in Hungary
Buildings and structures in Pest County
Whippomorpha or Cetancodonta is a group of animals that contains all living cetaceans ( whales , dolphins , etc . ) and hippopotamuses , as well as their extinct relatives , i.e . Entelodonts and Andrewsarchus . All Whippomorphs are descendants of the last common ancestor of Hippopotamus amphibius and Tursiops truncatus . This makes it a crown group . Whippomorpha is a suborder within the order Artiodactyla ( even-toed ungulates ) . The placement of Whippomorpha within Artiodactyla is a matter of some contention , as hippopotamuses were previously considered to be more closely related to Suidae ( pigs ) and Tayassuidae ( peccaries ) . Most contemporary scientific phylogenetic and morphological research studies link hippopotamuses with cetaceans , and genetic evidence has overwhelmingly supported an evolutionary relationship between Hippopotamidae and Cetacea . Modern Whippomorphs all share a number of behavioural and physiological traits ; such as a dense layer of subcutaneous fat and largely hairless bodies . They exhibit amphibious and aquatic behaviors and possess similar auditory structures .
Etymology
The name Whippomorpha is a combination of English ( wh [ ale ] + hippo [ potamus ] ) and Greek ( μορφή , morphē = form ) . Some attempts have made to rename the suborder Cetancodonta , due to the misleading utilization of the suffix -morpha for a crown group , as well as the risk of confusion with the clade Hippomorpha ( which consists of equid perissodactyls ) ; however Whippomorpha maintains precedence .
Ecology
Distribution
Modern Whippomorphs are widely distributed . Cetaceans can be found in almost all of the world 's marine habitats , and some species , like the blue whale and humpback whale , have migratory ranges that comprise nearly the entire ocean . These whales typically migrate on a seasonal basis , moving to warmer waters to give birth and raise young before travelling to cooler waters with more optimal feeding grounds . Other cetacean species have smaller ranges that are concentrated around either tropical or subtropical waters . Some cetaceans live exclusively within a single marine body , such as the narwhal , whose range is limited to the Arctic Ocean .
By comparison , modern hippopotamuses are confined entirely to the African continent . Despite once being widespread across Europe and North Africa , hippos are now considered vulnerable and are limited to the lakes , rivers and wetlands of southern Africa .
Behaviour
Both whales and hippos must surface in order to breathe . This can pose problems for sleeping Whippomorphs . Cetaceans overcome this problem by exhibiting unihemispheric sleep , meaning they rest one side of their brain at a time , allowing them to swim and surface during rest periods . Hippopotamuses surface to breathe every three to five minutes . This process is partially subconscious , allowing hippopotamuses to surface and breathe whilst sleeping . Both whales and hippos exhibit symbiotic relationships with smaller fish , which they use as cleaning stations , allowing the smaller organisms to feed on parasites that enter the creature 's mouth .
Hippos are herbivores ; normally their diet consists entirely of short grasses that they graze on . Some hippos have been observed consuming animals such as zebra and even other hippo carcasses . A hippo normally spends up to five hours a day grazing . They normally feed only on land , though occasional consumption of aquatic vegetation has been observed . By contrast , cetaceans are all carnivores , feeding on fish and marine invertebrates , with some individual species feeding on larger mammals and birds ( such as seals and penguins ) .
Reproduction
All whippomorphs are placental mammals , meaning that embryos are fed by the placenta , which draws nutrients from the mother 's body . They are k-selected organisms , producing a limited number of offspring , but with a high rate of survival .
Hippos reach sexual maturity at six years of age and have a gestation period of approximately eight months . Mating typically occurs in the water . Female hippopotamuses isolate themselves for two weeks prior to giving birth . The birthing process also takes place underwater , meaning calves must swim to the surface in order to breathe for the first time . Hippopotamus calves suckle on land .
Cetaceans generally reach sexual maturity around 10 years of age , and have a gestation period of around 12 months . Cetaceans give birth to well-developed calves , like hippopotamuses . When suckling , the mother splashes milk into the calves ' mouth , as they have no lips .
Taxonomy and phylogeny
Whippomorpha is a suborder located within the Order Artiodactyla , and the clade Cetancodontamorpha . It contains the clades Hippopotamoidea ( ancestors of hippopotamuses ) and Cetaceamorpha ( ancestors of whales and dolphins ) . Whippomorpha is considered a sister clade to Ruminantia ( which contains cattle , sheep and deer ) , as well as the extinct Raeollidae . Hippopotamoidea was formerly included to Suiformes with Suidae ( pigs ) and Tayassuidae ( peccaries ) .
Most of the evidence supporting the Whippomorpha clade is based on molecular or genetic analysis . Early support for the existence of a Cetacea/Hippopotamidae clade originated from analysis of the molecular composition of a blood-clotting protein γ-fibrinogen taken from whales and hippopotamuses . Later studies obtained findings that indicated almost 11,000 orthologous genes between cetaceans and hippopotamuses , in addition to numerous positive indicators of a shared evolutionary history between cetaceans and hippopotamuses . Furthermore , some genetic sequences have been found in both whales and hippopotamuses that are not present in the genomes of other mammals . This would indicate that these groups share ancestry .
Whippomorpha 's placement within Artiodactyla can be represented in the following cladogram :
Evolution
It is unknown whether the last common ancestor of whales and hippos led an aquatic , semiaquatic/amphibious , or terrestrial lifestyle . Therefore , it is a matter of contention whether the aquatic traits of both hippopotamuses and cetaceans are linked or the product of convergent evolution . Recent findings seem to indicate that the latter is more likely .
Whippomorpha diverged from other Cetartiodactyls approximately 59 Myr , whilst whales diverged from hippos approximately 55 Myr . The first branch contained ancestors of Cetacea ; semi-aquatic protowhales such as Pakicetus in the group Archaeoceti , which developed into the exclusively aquatic ancestors of modern cetaceans .
One evolutionarily significant whale ancestor was the raoellid Indohyus , which was a Himalayas-dwelling , digitgrade omnivore roughly the size of a raccoon . It was not an adept swimmer , although it was thought to have spent considerable periods of time wading in shallow water . This would have been assisted by its heavy bones , providing stability . Indohyus was likely to have a diet at least partially based on aquatic foraging . Evidence for this includes the fact that the tooth enamel of Indohyus was considerably less worn than would be expected for an animal with an exclusively terrestrial diet . One of the most crucial facets of the discovery of Indohyus was the presence of a thickened auditory bulla , otherwise known as an involucrum . This discovery was significant as the involucrum was a morphology thought previously to be exclusive to cetaceans , a synapomorphy . This feature irrefutably linked cetaceans to raoellids .
It is thought that early whales such as Nalacetus and Pakicetus were restricted to freshwater environments , as modern hippopotamuses are . The later Ambulocetus , was likely to have lived a much more aquatic lifestyle , with shorter legs and paddle-like hands and feet . It also likely represented a transitional organism from freshwater to seawater , as the isotopic analysis of the bones and teeth of Ambulocetus indicate that it inhabited estuaries .
The second branch of Whippomorpha is thought to have developed into the Anthracotheriidae family , who were the putative ancestors of modern hippopotamuses . The sediments in which anthracotheriid fossils have been fossilized indicate that they were at least partially amphibious , whilst the jaw structure of fossils of select species , particularly Anthracotherium , seem to indicate that it was an ancestral form of modern hippopotamuses .
These findings somewhat explain the once confusing paleontological age gap that existed as a major piece of evidence against an evolutionary link between Hippopotamidae and Cetacea . Previously , the oldest known cetacean fossils were approximately 50 Myr , while the earliest known hippopotamus fossils were around 15 Myr . The sum of the fossil knowledge indicates that whales and hippopotamuses developed amphibious and aquatic traits independently from one another , but that the features developed by their shared ancestors created pathways to the development of said adaptations . Thus the large difference in time between the discovery of cetacean and hippopotamid fossils is explained by the fact that hippos simply developed their semi-aquatic adaptations at a much later time than their cetacean cousins .
Anatomy
All members of the suborder Whippomorpha share some anatomical similarities . Hippopotamus stomachs are multi-chambered as with all ruminants , however they do not regurgitate food . Instead , the hippopotamus stomach contains two preliminary chambers , which acts similarly to a compost bin , allowing foodstuffs to ferment before entering the animal 's main stomach . All whale species possess similar stomach structures . Additionally , both animals bear single-lobed lungs ( similar to other aquatic mammals ) , which allow to be filled with air more rapidly . This is a critical adaptation for both amphibious and aquatic organisms , as it reduces the frequency of dangerous trips to the water surface , where such organisms are more vulnerable to predation .
Hippos ' bodies contain a layer of dense fat , reminiscent of a whales ' blubber , and situated between skin and muscle . Hippos and whales both possess thick bones , which aid in rapid descent into water , have minimal hair ( to aid in hydrodynamics ) and a lack of sweat glands . Webbing is also present between the toes of hippopotamuses ; a more land-suitable version of a whale 's flippers . Hippos possess unique hind-limb musculature that provides them with powerful propulsion capabilities , rather than fine-tuned control . These features are characteristic of other ungulates .
There is strong resemblance between the dentition of primitive cetaceans and primitive ungulates , which seemingly cements the position of Cetacea within Artiodactyla . In addition , both Cetaceans and Artiodactyls possess two distinct components in their ears , the involucrum and sigmoid process . Similar features are considered responsible for the ability of cetaceans to hear underwater . The skeletons of prehistoric whales also contain uniquely shaped ankle bones , including a double-pulley system found only in even-toed ungulates and crucially not present in odd-toed ungulates .
Both hippos and whales have an unusually large and strangely-shaped larynx , which enables the booming calls of whales underwater and the unique noises produced by hippos to communicate while submerged .
Relationship with humans
Whippomorphs have always had complex cultural and social relationships with humans . Modern hippopotamuses have a reputation for extreme aggression . Hippos are incredibly territorial and protective of their young , and are the deadliest mammal in Africa , killing between two and three thousand people a year . Despite this , hippos remain popular zoo animals . Hippos were hunted by ancient humans for food and sport . In Ancient Egypt , hippos were recognized as dangerous inhabitants of the river Nile , and a red hippo was the symbol of the god Set . The biblical Behemoth is thought to be based on or inspired by the hippo .
Modern hippopotamuses face a number of threats from humans . Common hippopotamuses are classed as vulnerable , and are subject to habitat destruction as a result of agriculture , water management , climate change and development of housing and urban areas . Pygmy hippopotamuses are considered endangered , with less than three thousand individuals in the wild . The few surviving pygmy hippopotamuses occupy a much smaller habitat area in Liberia , Sierra Leone and the Ivory Coast . They face threats from mining and quarrying , hunting and logging .
Cetaceans have also had an extensive history with humans . The primary threats to modern cetaceans are direct danger ( from whaling ) , and indirect damage to whale habitats ( through pollution and overfishing ) . Commercial shipping , petroleum drilling and coastal development can disrupt cetacean habitats . Thousands of cetaceans are affected by bycatching every year . Some evidence also exists that human-generated sound may account for increases in the rate of cetacean strandings .
Whales were inspirations for many mythical creatures , including the Leviathan , which was interestingly associated with the Behemoth . Dolphins are mentioned in historical literature far more frequently than whales . Stories of dolphins typically include them playing a role in helping shipwrecked sailors or guiding lost ships . In the 20th Century , perceptions of whales changed , and now tourism for the purposes of whale-watching has become very popular . Cetaceans are revered for their immense size , intelligent and playful dispositions , displays of speed in water , and contributions to scientific research .
Whales have been kept in captivity by humans for research and entertainment for centuries . Particularly popular are killer whales . Conservation and animal rights organizations have been vehemently opposed to the captivity of these cetaceans . It is common for captive killer whales to display aggression towards other whales and their trainers . Bottlenose dolphins are also popular , due to their friendly behavior . They also fare better in captivity than other cetaceans .
References
Cetancodontamorpha
Since the early 2000s , Spanish Muslims have lobbied the Catholic Church to allow them to pray in the Cathedral of Córdoba ; currently , Muslim prayer is often stopped by security guards . Spanish Catholic authorities were opposed to the request , as of 2012 , and the Vatican has been asked to intercede but has not responded .
Background
The building was begun around the year 500 as the Arian Christian Visigothic church of St. Vincent . After the Islamic conquest of the Visigothic kingdom , the church was divided between the Muslims and Christians . When the exiled Umayyad prince Abd ar-Rahman I escaped to Spain and defeated the Andalusian governor Yusuf al-Fihri , they allowed the Christians to rebuild their ruined churches , and purchased the Christian half of the church of St. Vincent .
Abd ar-Rahman I and their descendants reworked it over two centuries to refashion it as a mosque , starting in 784 . Additionally , Abd ar-Rahman I used the mosque ( originally called Aljama Mosque ) as an adjunct to their palace and named it to honor their wife .
Traditionally , the mihrab of a mosque faces in the direction of Mecca ; by facing the mihrab , worshipers pray towards Mecca . Mecca is east-southeast of the mosque , but the mihrab points south .
The mosque underwent numerous subsequent changes : Abd ar-Rahman III ordered a new minaret , while Al-Hakam II , in 961 , enlarged the building and enriched the mihrab . The last of the reforms was carried out by Al-Mansur Ibn Abi Aamir in 987 . It was connected to the Caliph 's palace by a raised walk-way , mosques within the palaces being the tradition for the Islamic rulers of all times . The Mezquita reached its current dimensions in 987 with the completion of the outer naves and courtyard .
The Castillian Reconquest
In 1236 , Córdoba was conquered by King Ferdinand III of Castile in the Reconquista , and the mosque was turned back into a church . Alfonso X oversaw the construction of the Villaviciosa Chapel and the Royal Chapel within the mosque . To commemorate the reconquest , a statue of Saint James Matamoros , seen trampling Moors , was added near the front of the Royal Chapel . The kings who followed added further Christian features , such as King Henry II rebuilding the chapel in the 14th century . The minaret of the mosque was also converted to the bell tower of the cathedral . It was adorned with Santiago de Compostela 's captured cathedral bells .
The most significant alteration was the building of a Renaissance cathedral nave right in the middle of the expansive structure . The insertion was constructed by permission of Charles V , king of Castile and Aragon .
Artisans and architects continued to add to the existing structure until the late 18th century .
Current Muslim campaign
Some Muslims across Spain are lobbying the Catholic Church to allow them to pray in the cathedral . The Islamic Council of Spain had lodged a formal request with the Vatican for Muslims to be allowed to pray in the church . Spanish church authorities oppose Muslim prayer at the cathedral .
Zakarias Maza , the director of the Taqwa mosque in neighbouring Granada stated in 2004 : `` We hope the Vatican will give a signal that it has a vision of openness and dialogue . It would be good if there were a gesture of tolerance on their part . The church council does n't seem to be open to dialogue . ''
`` In no way is this request about reclaiming our rights — far less any kind of reconquest , '' stated Isabel Romero , a member of the Islamic Council of Spain in 2004 . `` Instead , we want to give our support to the universal character of this building '' . Rosa Aguilar , then mayor of Córdoba for the United Left , expressed support for the Islamic Council 's position .
On Christmas Day 2006 , a Spanish Muslim organisation called the Spanish Islamic Board , sent a letter to the Pope 's ambassador in Spain , asking Pope Benedict XVI for permission for Muslims to worship alongside Christians in the building . The Spanish Muslims wrote in their letter that they did not intend to take control of the building or `` recover a nostalgic Al-Andalus '' . In 2004 , the Vatican 's Pontifical Council for Inter-religious Dialogue had rejected a similar request from the same group . The general secretary of the Spanish Islamic Board , Mansur Escudero , said that security guards often stop Muslim worshippers from praying inside the building .
2010 Muslim praying incident
In April 2010 , two Muslim tourists were arrested at the cathedral , after an incident in which two security guards were seriously injured . The incident occurred when the building was filled with tourists visiting the cathedral during Holy Week .
According to cathedral authorities , when half a dozen Muslim citizens of Austria , who were part of a group of 118 people on an organized tour for young Muslims in Europe , knelt to pray at the same time , security guards stepped in and “ invited them to continue with their tour or leave the building ” . When two men refused to comply , a scuffle broke out and police were called . Two security guards were seriously injured , and the two Muslim men were detained . Spanish media , citing police sources , said that one of the men arrested had been carrying a knife .
In a statement Catholic authorities condemned the incident : “ They provoked in an organized fashion a deplorable episode of violence. ” After the 2010 incident , Spain 's Catholic clergy reiterated that they would not be allowing any other religions to practice inside their Catholic Cathedral . Catholic authorities stated that `` This one-off incident does not represent the genuine attitude of Muslims , many of whom maintain an attitude of respect and dialogue with the Catholic church '' .
References
Catholic Church in Spain
Córdoba , Spain
Islam in Spain
Mosque-related controversies in Europe
Ryan Gingeras is a professor at Naval Postgraduate School and historian of the late Ottoman Empire .
They are the author of five books , including Eternal Dawn : Turkey in the Age of Ataturk and Sorrowful Shores : Violence , Ethnicity , and the End of the Ottoman Empire . They have published on a wide variety of topics related to history and politics in such publications as Foreign Affairs , New York Times , International Journal of Middle East Studies , Middle East Journal , Iranian Studies , Past & Present , and War on the Rocks .
Gingeras stated that they wanted to write their dissertation about Kars during World War I , or how Nakhichevan became part of Azerbaijan , but was warned that writing about controversial topics such as Kurds and Armenians would be akin to `` professional suicide '' .
Works
References
Naval Postgraduate School faculty
Historians of the Ottoman Empire
Historians of Turkey
21st-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
21st-century American male writers
De Historia Piscium , ( Latin for 'Of the History of Fish ' ) is a scientific book written by Francis Willughby and published by the Royal Society in 1686 . It was unpopular and sold poorly , causing severe strain on the finances of the society . This resulted in the society being unable to meet its promise to finance the publication of Newton 's Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica ( `` Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy '' , better known simply as Principia ) , leaving this to Edmond Halley , who was then the clerk of the society . After Halley had personally financed the publication of Principia , they were informed that the society could no longer afford to provide them the promised annual salary of £50 . Instead , the similarly wealthy Halley was paid with left-over copies of De Historia Piscium .
External links
Scanned images of De Historia Piscium first edition
Notes
Science books
1686 books
The 13th Canadian Comedy Awards , presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence ( CCFE ) , honoured the best live , television , film , and Internet comedy of 2011 . The ceremony was held at the Fairmont Royal York Hotel in Toronto , Ontario , on 26 August 2012 and was hosted by Alan Thicke .
Canadian Comedy Awards , also known as Beavers , were awarded in 26 categories . Winners in 5 categories were chosen by the public through an online poll and others were chosen by members of industry organizations . The awards ceremony concluded the Canadian Comedy Awards Festival which ran from 23 to 26 August .
The TV series Michael : Tuesdays and Thursdays led with seven nominations followed by the bilingual film French Immersion with five . They each won a Beaver for best male performance . The big winner was Halifax-based comedy troupe Picnicface , which won three Beavers for their eponymous TV series and three for their debut film , Roller Town . This ceremony also introduced the Phil Hartman Award which went to Jo-Anna Downey .
Festival and ceremony
The 13th Canadian Comedy Awards ( CCA ) was held in Toronto , Ontario . The gala awards ceremony was held on 26 August 2012 in the Imperial Room of the Fairmont Royal York Hotel . The ceremony was produced by Gary Rideout , Jr. and hosted by Alan Thicke , a veteran actor who at that time was the honorary chair of Canadians Abroad , a group that organized Canadian events in Los Angeles .
Each nominee for Best TV Show had already been cancelled . This was played-up in a video inspired by Billy Crystal 's Oscar montages , where Gavin Crawford visited the cancelled shows ' empty sets , was faced with their own cancelled shows , and was replaced as CCA host by Thicke . Also entertaining at the ceremony were Seán Cullen and Colin Mochrie .
The awards ceremony concluded the four-day Canadian Comedy Awards Festival which ran from 23 to 26 August , showcasing performances by nominees at various Toronto venues . Many stand-ups also took part in a 27 August AltDotComedy Lounge show at The Rivoli .
Winners and nominees
Nominees were announced on 7 June 2012 in Toronto , and voting took place between 14 June and 29 July . Members of the Canadian public voted for the categories Canadian Comedy Person of the Year , Best TV Show , Best Film , Best Web Clip , Best Web Series , Best Podcast , and Best Radio Program or Clip , with industry members deciding the remaining categories . There was record participation , with 88 % more public voting and 113 % more industry members voting compared to 2011 .
This year 's ceremony introduced the Phil Hartman Award for `` an individual who makes the Canadian comedy community better . '' The award went to long-time Toronto open-mic night host Jo-Anna Downey . Awards were also introduced for podcasts and web series , giving this ceremony more award categories than any previous year .
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface :
Multimedia
Live
Television
Film
Internet
Special Awards
Multiple wins
The following people , shows , films , etc . received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people , shows , films , etc . received multiple nominations .
Footnotes
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
Barn house , Barnhouse or Barn House may refer to :
a converted barn , an old barn remodeled for another use .
a historical house type of combined house and barn called a byre-dwelling or housebarn
Barnhouse Settlement , an archaeological site in Scotland
Barn House , a historic district in Massachusetts , US
Barnhouse , a surname ; notable people with the name include :
Charles Lloyd Barnhouse ( 1865–1929 ) , American music publisher
Donald Barnhouse ( 1895–1960 ) , American preacher and writer
See also
Barnhouse Effect
Francis Robert Naali ( born 12 January 1972 ) is a Tanzanian marathon runner , who won the gold medal at the 2002 Commonwealth Games held in Manchester in a time of 2:11:58 hours .
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Tanzanian male long-distance runners
Tanzanian male marathon runners
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Tanzania
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
The discography of Japanese singer Masayuki Suzuki includes 16 studios , 6 compilation , 4 cover albums ( including 1 tribute album ) , a live album , 10 video albums , and 36 singles . Inspired by Western R & B acts and doo-wop songs , Suzuki formed a band Chanels in 1975 , along with their friends and released their debut single `` Runaway '' . Chanels would later be renamed to Rats & Star . In 1986 , Suzuki made their solo debut through Mother of Pearl .
Their 1995 release , Martini II became their best-selling effort in Japan , peaking at number one on the Oricon Albums Chart and getting certified Million by the Recording Industry Association of Japan ( RIAJ ) . Suzuki released their third cover album , Discover Japan II in September 2014 . They are often likened to as the .
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Cover and tribute albums
Live albums
Box sets
Singles
As lead artist
Other charted songs
As featured artist
Other appearances
Videography
Video albums
Notes
References
External links
Masayuki Suzuki 's discography on Sony Music Japan website
Rhythm and blues discographies
Discographies of Japanese artists
Braden LaVerne Looper ( born October 28 , 1974 ) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for several teams between 1998 and 2009 .
High school
Looper was a scholar athlete while a student at Mangum High School in Mangum , Oklahoma . They graduated in 1993 with four letters each in baseball and basketball , and two in football , while also a member of the National Honor Society .
College and Olympics
Looper focused on baseball while attending Wichita State , and was inducted into their sports Hall of Fame in 2003 . In 1994 , they played collegiate summer baseball with the Cotuit Kettleers of the Cape Cod Baseball League . In 1996 , they competed in the College World Series , and was a first-team All-American as a junior . Looper was also a member of the bronze medal-winning Team USA in the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta .
Major leagues
St. Louis Cardinals
Looper was selected by the St. Louis Cardinals as the third pick in the first round of the 1996 Major League Baseball Draft . They made their major league debut against the Los Angeles Dodgers on March 31 , 1998 , striking out the side in a relief appearance . After the 1998 season , they were traded to the Florida Marlins for shortstop Édgar Rentería .
Florida Marlins
Looper was inconsistent with the Marlins , working their way into the closer role . However , they had a penchant for blowing easy saves . Toward the end of the 2003 season , as the Marlins were in a pennant race that culminated in a World Series win , Looper faltered and was replaced as closer by Ugueth Urbina . Looper appeared in relief in the fourth game of the World Series , which went 12 innings . Their performance gained them a win , as the Marlins won the game in the bottom of the 12th .
New York Mets
In January 2004 , Looper signed with the New York Mets as a free agent and had their best season to date going 2-5 with 29 saves and a 2.70 ERA . However , Looper had many crucial blown saves during the 2005 season , including blown saves on Opening Day , in a game that would have clinched a Met sweep at Yankee Stadium and as part of an eight-run collapse by the Mets pen against the Nationals . These performances still fresh in fans ' minds , they were greeted with loud boos and `` Looper sucks ! '' chants upon their returns to Shea with the Cardinals , most prominently during the 2006 NLCS .
In September 2005 , Looper underwent shoulder surgery to repair a blown AC joint . This , in addition to the emergence of Aaron Heilman and acquisition by the Mets of other relief pitchers , kept the Mets from picking up their $ 5 million option for 2006 .
St. Louis Cardinals ( second stint )
On December 15 , 2005 , Looper signed a three-year , $ 13.5M contract with the Cardinals to set up star closer and former Met Jason Isringhausen . They were part of the 2006 World Series winning St. Louis Cardinals team . Primarily an eighth inning setup man , Looper posted a 9-3 record as the team 's bullpen wins leader .
Beginning in the 2007 season Looper became a starting pitcher for the first time in their major league career . Before the season began , Looper stated that their goal was to reach 200 innings pitched in the season . In their first season as a starter , Looper reached career highs in wins ( 12 ) , innings pitched ( 175 ) , and strikeouts ( 84 ) in 30 starts ( 31 total appearances ) .
Milwaukee Brewers
On October 30 , , Looper filed for free agency . On February 12 , , Looper signed a one-year deal with an option for 2010 with the Milwaukee Brewers . Although Looper had a 14–7 record in 2009 , they led the major leagues by allowing 113 earned runs . After the season the Brewers did not pick up the option on Looper for 2010 , making them a free agent .
Retirement
After not pitching in the 2010 season , Looper was a non-roster invitee of the Chicago Cubs to spring training as a candidate to be either a starter or reliever on the team . Looper had stated that the Cubs were the only team they would attempt a comeback with . However , on March 25 , Looper was informed they would not make the opening day roster , and they retired .
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
People from Weatherford , Oklahoma
Baseball players from Oklahoma
Major League Baseball pitchers
St. Louis Cardinals players
Florida Marlins players
New York Mets players
Milwaukee Brewers players
Baseball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in baseball
Wichita State Shockers baseball players
Cotuit Kettleers players
Prince William Cannons players
Arkansas Travelers players
Memphis Redbirds players
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
People from Mangum , Oklahoma
People from Palos Heights , Illinois
People from Frankfort , Illinois
All-American college baseball players
Morten Bakke ( born 16 December 1968 ) is a retired Norwegian football goalkeeper .
Club career
During their career , Bakke played for several clubs , most notably Molde and Vålerenga .
They scored from the penalty mark in a 1992 Norwegian Football Cup game against Stranda .
International career
They made their debut for Norway in a February 2000 friendly match against Sweden and was Norway 's third-choice goalkeeper at Euro 2000 . Bakke earned their second and last cap in a January 2001 friendly match against South Korea .
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
People from Sør-Aurdal
Association football goalkeepers
Norwegian footballers
Norway international footballers
UEFA Euro 2000 players
Molde FK players
Wimbledon F.C . players
Vålerenga Fotball players
Raufoss IL players
Hønefoss BK players
Kniksen Award winners
Expatriate footballers in England
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in England
Eliteserien players
Norwegian First Division players
Sportspeople from Innlandet
Laophontopsidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida .
Genera :
Aculeopsis Huys & Willems , 1989
Laophontopsis Sars , 1908
Telodocus Huys & Willems , 1989
References
Copepods
The Mountain Times is a weekly newspaper that serves Boone and other high-country communities in Ashe and Avery counties in western North Carolina , United States .
Founded in 1978 , it serves a special niche in the region , covering community news and entertainment happenings . In 2002 , it was purchased by a community-focused newspaper organization , Jones Media Inc. , of Greeneville , Tennessee .
The Mountain Times publishes every Thursday , with issues available at nearly 250 locations throughout the High Country .
In addition to the regular weekly edition , The Mountain Times also publishes three seasonal publications — Summer Times , Autumn Times and Winter Times , which serve as visitor guides to the High Country .
The Mountain Times was acquired by Adams Publishing Group in 2016 .
References
External links
Jones Media Publications - The Mountain Time 's former Parent Company
Weekly newspapers published in North Carolina
Boone , North Carolina
Kasdir ( Arabic : القصدير or قصدير ) is a municipality in Naâma Province , Algeria . It is part of the district of Mekmen Ben Amar and has a population of 1,820 , which gives it 7 seats in the PMA . Its postal code is 45130 and its municipal code is 4511 .
Communes of Naâma Province
The Mitrofanoff procedure , also known as the Mitrofanoff appendicovesicostomy , is a surgical procedure in which the appendix is used to create a conduit , or channel , between the skin surface and the urinary bladder . The small opening on the skin surface , or the stoma , is typically located either in the navel or nearby the navel on the right lower side of the abdomen . Originally developed by Professor Paul Mitrofanoff in 1980 , the procedure represents an alternative to urethral catheterization and is sometimes used by people with urethral damage or by those with severe autonomic dysreflexia . An intermittent catheter , or a catheter that is inserted and then removed after use , is typically passed through the channel every 3–4 hours and the urine is drained into a toilet or a bottle . As the bladder fills , rising pressure compresses the channel against the bladder wall , creating a one-way valve that prevents leakage of urine between catheterizations .
Description of procedure
A surgeon creates a small channel using the appendix or in the absence of the appendix , a piece of small bowel . When bowel is used instead of appendix , it is called a Monti procedure . One end of the channel is sewn to the skin , creating an opening on the surface called a stoma . The other end of the channel is sewn to the bladder and a flap valve of tissue is created to prevent leakage from the stoma between catheterizations . Sometimes , the bladder is enlarged with bowel tissue to enable greater urine storage in an additional procedure called bladder augmentation . The Mitrofanoff procedure is different from an indwelling catheter placement because the catheter is removed from the channel between urine drainage events . Some people with Mitrofanoff channels can also void urethrally , while others catheterize exclusively .
Relation to MACE
The Malone antegrade continence enema ( MACE ) , used to treat fecal incontinence , is like the Mitrofanoff procedure as it uses the Mitrofanoff principle and , thus , can be considered an analogous procedure . As fecal and urinary incontinence frequently co-exist , a MACE is often created at the same time as a continent catheterizable urinary conduit .
Relation to Monti procedure
If the appendix is not available , due to appendectomy , or unusable for another reason , the Monti procedure is done .
Relation to bladder augmentation and neobladder construction
If the bladder is not sufficiently large , some people may need a bladder augmentation at the same time as a Mitrofanoff . Augmentation enlarges the bladder , making it possible to hold more urine and prevent backflow into the kidneys . This is usually done with one 's own bowel tissue and typically bowel tissue produces mucus . Hence , regular washouts are usually required . Because bowel tissue aids in absorption , its use for an augmentation may result in metabolic imbalance and result in the need to monitor vitamin B12 , bicarbonate , and chloride . If bowel tissue is used to create an entirely new bladder , the resulting reservoir to hold urine is called a neobladder . Neobladders are usually created in instances of bladder removal .
History
The concept of clean intermittent catheterization via the urethra was widely introduced by Jack Lapides when they published a seminal paper on the subject in 1972 . Clean intermittent catheterization provides an alternative to the sterile technique and allows individuals to self-catheterize after washing their hands , without the need for medical professionals and sterile equipment . In 1980 , Professor Paul Mitrofanoff described a `` trans-appendicular continent cystostomy , '' the technique that would later be named for him . Mitrofanoff 's concept revolutionized clean intermittent catheterization because it allows urine to be drained via a route other than the urethra . However , the Mitrofanoff procedure was slow to be adopted until a pediatric resident named Marc Cendron translated Mitrofanoff 's French language paper for the well-known pediatric urologist Dr. John Duckett Jr. in Philadelphia . The Mitrofanoff procedure is sometimes performed along with bladder neck closure , but Duckett advised against the closure of the bladder neck . Today , the Mitrofanoff procedure can be performed robotically or using laparoscopic techniques and it paved the way for the creation of other urinary conduits using Fallopian tubes , ureters , and segments of bowel , as in the Monti procedure .
Indications
The Mitrofanoff procedure is typically performed as an alternative for people who experience painful urethral catheterization and has been particularly useful for females . It is also used in people with neurogenic bladder dysfunction , urethral trauma , and spinal cord injuries . The procedure is sometimes recommended for those with spinal cord injuries who have severe autonomic dysreflexia . Wheelchair users who can not use a toilet independently or who struggle to catheterize independently may get a Mitrofanoff to gain greater control over their care . For people who would otherwise leak via the urethra , the Mitrofanoff channel can provide continence and enable them to stop using diapers . Other conditions for which the procedure may be appropriate to include urethral cancer , congenital absence of a urethra , Prune Belly syndrome , sacral agenesis , and traumatic loss of urethra from a gunshot . Appropriate candidates are prepared to commit to a lifetime of followup care .
Contraindications
People who have high pressure bladders , meaning their bladder pressure increases significantly with small increments of fluid , are not good candidates for the procedure due to the risk of damage to the kidneys . Also contraindicated are those who can not hold large volumes of urine without refluxing into the kidneys . The procedure is not recommended for people with poor hand function , especially those without access to reliable assistance .
Presurgical testing
People who have been determined to be candidates for a Mitrofanoff surgery will need to undergo a variety of presurgical tests . Testing often includes blood tests such as a complete blood count , a basic metabolic panel , and an assessment of cystatin c. Additionally , urodynamic testing and a kidney bladder ultrasound are typically performed to assess characteristics of the urinary tract prior to surgery . The urodynamics test should be done within 2 years prior to the procedure and the ultrasound within 1 year . Prior to surgery , the bowels are typically cleared with a routine called bowel prep . Bowel prep can be performed at home the 1–2 days before surgery or in some instances , occurs in a hospital before the operation . Bowel prep may require magnesium citrate drink to empty the colon . Bowel prep is done to reduce infection risk .
Recovery from surgery and life with a Mitrofanoff
Hospitalization and learning to use the channel
The Mitrofanoff procedure is a major surgery and typically requires inpatient hospitalization for 5–7 days . Initially , eating and drinking by mouth is not permitted and fluids are delivered intravenously for a few days . Progression to a regular diet can be accomplished , starting with the consumption of clear fluids . After the surgery , a tube is placed in the newly created channel to keep it open while it heals . A tube is typically also placed in the urethra or through a suprapubic opening to ensure full urine drainage and to rest the bladder during recovery . The tubes are generally removed and the channel is ready to use with intermittent catheters in 4–6 weeks , provided that a medical professional first instructs on how to catheterize . Depending on one 's neurological status , a person with a Mitrofanoff may or may not feel the sensation to urinate . Full recovery time varies from person to person and ranges from 3–12 months .
Types of catheters
There are three major types of intermittent catheters used with a Mitrofanoff . Intermittent catheters are used to drain the bladder at regular intervals . The three types are :
Non-coated : can be used with a lubricant
Hydrophilic : need to be activated with water by following the product instructions
Pre-lubricated : these come already soaked in lubricant
Dietary considerations
People with Mitrofanoff channels should eat a balanced diet that is high in fiber , including a recommended 5 servings of fruits and vegetables daily . Drinking plenty of fluids is recommended to flush out the kidneys and bladder and to lessen the chance of urinary tract infection . Recommended fluid intake is 2-3 liters of water a day , resulting in the production of healthy urine that is light in color . Most people with Mitrofanoff channels can drink alcohol in moderation provided that they follow a regular catheterization schedule to avoid overfilling the bladder .
Sex and pregnancy
Sexual activity is typically avoided for 6 weeks postoperatively . It is possible to have a healthy pregnancy after Mitrofanoff surgery but the pregnancy should be monitored closely by a urologist . A C- section may be considered . In individuals with a conduit made from bowel tissue , a standard pregnancy test will not be accurate in most instances and pregnancy can instead be confirmed by a blood test . Male fertility is typically unaffected .
Exercise and physical activity
For 2–3 weeks after surgery , extra care should be taken to prevent trauma to the surgical area . For this time period , physical education and activities such as bicycle riding are not advisable . It is possible to play sports with a Mitrofanoff , but high contact sports such as rugby are typically not advised . Light exercise following surgery can facilitate recovery ; though specific exercise recommendations generally require consultation with a medical professional .
Bladder washouts
Bladder washouts are performed to prevent build up of mucus and debris that can lead to urinary tract infection and increase the chance of a bladder stone . Bladder stones can stop the bladder from emptying completely during catheterization and cause infection . Those with an augmented bladder are more likely than those with a native bladder to require washouts . A washout , also called an irrigation , is performed by pushing saline or sterile water into the channel using a syringe connected to a catheter . The water is pulled back out when the syringe is withdrawn and the process is repeated until the mucus is cleared . Certain foods and drinks such as dairy products and soft drinks ( soda ) can increase mucus production . The frequency of bladder washouts is dictated by medical advice .
Annual follow-up testing
People with Mitrofanoff channels can expect a lifetime of annual testing to evaluate their urological health . These tests may include :
a scan of the bladder , kidneys , and ureters
a cystoscopy , an examination of the bladder using a camera
blood tests to check the kidney and liver
Risks and complications
Every surgery has some risks . Some possible complications are :
Bladder stones : Bladder stones are hardened masses of minerals usually form when the bladder has not emptied properly or mucus has built up . Left untreated , bladder stones can cause infection .
Stenosis : Stenosis of the channel occurs when it becomes narrower , making it difficult to pass a catheter . Additional surgery may be required to ensure the safe insertion of a catheter . If the bladder can not be emptied via the urethra and the catheter can not enter the channel , it is a medical emergency .
Leaking : Leakage of urine may occur from the stoma , particularly if the channel becomes stretched and the valve preventing such leaks fails to self- seal . Bladder spasms , painful contractions of the bladder , can cause leakage from the stoma or the urethra and may need to be treated with medication called an antispasmodic .
Urinary tract infections : Urinary tract infections can be a concern in people who use catheters due to incomplete emptying or catheter contamination from the hands . They can be prevented with proper fluid intake and careful hand hygiene .
References
Urologic surgery
The Faroe Islands sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7–18 September 2016 . They sent one participant , Krista Mørkøre , who participated in three events in swimming . Them top finish was 10th in women 's 400 m freestyle S10 , and they did not qualify for the finals of any of their three events .
Background
The Faroe Islands , a self-governing territory of the Kingdom of Denmark , first joined Paralympic competition at the 1984 Summer Paralympics . The Faroe Islands do not compete in the Olympic Games under their own flag , rather Faroese competitors at the Olympics compete as part of the Danish team . The Islands have participated in every Summer Paralympics since then , but have never participated in the Winter Paralympics . All 13 of the Faroe Islands ' medals have been in the sport of swimming . Rio de Janeiro was their ninth appearance at a Summer Paralympics . The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part . The Faroe Islands sent only one competitor to Rio , the 18-year-old swimmer Krista Mørkøre . They were chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories : amputation , which may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , though there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; and Les autres , which is any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , like dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities . Other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Swimming
Krista Mørkøre is classified as S10 , and has an impairment in the right side of their brain . S10 is explained by the International Paralympic Committee as having `` minimal physical impairments of eligible swimmers '' which includes `` the loss of one hand or a movement restriction in one hip joint . '' On 9 September , they participated in the women 's 50 meter freestyle S10 , and was drawn into heat 1 . They finished eighth and last in their heat with a time of 32.54 seconds . The gold medal eventually went to Aurélie Rivard of Canada , the silver to Sophie Pascoe of New Zealand , and the bronze medal was taken by Chen Yi of China . On 13 September , Mørkøre took part in the 100 meter freestyle S10 event . Drawn into heat 1 , they completed the heat in 1 minute and 12.34 seconds , the slowest time out of all 19 participants across the three heats , and was eliminated . The gold medal was again won by Rivard , the silver by Pascoe , and the bronze medal was earned by Élodie Lorandi of France . Mørkøre 's final event was the 400 meter freestyle S10 on 15 September ; they again are drawn into heat 1 and finished last amongst all ten entrants with a time of 5 minutes and 18.50 seconds . Rivard won their third gold medal , Monique Murphy of Australia won the silver medal , and Lorandi won another bronze medal .
See also
Faroe Islands at the Paralympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Faroese sport
The Body Remembers is the tenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Debbie Gibson , released on August 20 , 2021 , independently by their own label StarGirl Records . It is their first studio release to feature completely original songs since their seventh studio album M.Y.O.B . ( 2001 ) .
The Body Remembers charted at number 86 on the US Billboard Top Album Sales chart . In the UK , the album charted at number 27 on the UK Independent Albums Chart , number 64 on the UK Album Downloads Chart , and number 93 on the Scottish Albums Charts . It was Gibson 's first charting album in both the US and the UK since the 1990s .
Background
Gibson announced the release of the album on June 4 , 2021 . In an interview with Billboard magazine , they stated , `` This album very much feels like Electric Youth 2021 in a lot of ways . '' Gibson also said , `` The variety of styles , the way it encapsulates my life right now -- I really wanted to let it hang out on this album . The goal was to make an undeniably special , authentic , well-crafted and yet still raw album . I feel great about the fact we found that . I feel like I 've made an undeniable album . ''
Gibson came up with the album title while writing the songs during the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown . `` I was writing both upbeats and ballads , but I was gravitating toward the upbeats just because everybody needs that energy shift now . Pop music does that — it shifts energy . That 's where the title comes from — the body remembers all the visceral moments tied to your favorite pop songs . '' The song `` Legendary '' was written in memory of Kobe Bryant . Gibson describes `` One Step Closer '' as a `` throwback style of Dua Lipa and Kylie Minogue . '' `` Strings '' focuses on `` putting self-love above everything . ''
Among the album 's 15 tracks is `` Lost in Your Eyes , the Duet '' a new recording of Gibson 's 1989 hit single with Joey McIntyre . The duo first performed the song together during New Kids on the Block 's Mixtape Tour in 2019 . The single was released on streaming services on June 4 while the official music video was uploaded on Gibson 's YouTube channel on July 1 . On July 12 , Gibson announced `` One Step Closer '' as the album 's second single . The official track listing was revealed on July 16 .
Singles
`` Girls Night Out '' peaked at number 4 on Billboards Dance Club Songs chart in 2020 , becoming Gibson 's first US top-five dance single since `` Electric Youth '' . `` One Step Closer '' reached number 3 on the Swiss Dance Chart Top 100 in 2022 , making it their first international top-five single since `` Lost in Your Eyes '' .
Critical reception
The album received favorable reviews . The Houston Chronicle listed the album among the best of 2021 , noting that `` Gibson embraces adulthood but acknowledges the fizzy pop that made them a teen star '' and that the title track `` deserves to be a huge radio hit . '' Popdose also had the album listed as one of the best of 2021 , singling out the title track as `` glorious '' . NPR Music noted that the album is `` filled with optimism , with joy . It 's got bounce . It 's got light . '' Retro Pop Magazine gave the album four and a half stars , praising it `` as close to a perfect pop record as we 've heard in a long time . '' They also commended Gibson for `` knocking out chart-friendly hooks for a sound that 's both current and classic . '' Times Square Chronicles noted that `` lyrically , Gibson 's never been better '' and that `` it 's a powerhouse of an album . '' In their review of the album , V13media stated that Gibson `` reveals their ever-maturing artistry , while maintaining a youthful freshness '' and that the album was `` pretty darn fabulous. '' . In their review , Out Now magazine noted the album is `` filled with a mix of modern pop hooks and upbeat club bangers '' and `` showcases the timeless elegance and universality '' of Gibson 's songwriting .
Track listing
All tracks are written by Debbie Gibson , except where indicated . All tracks are produced by Debbie Gibson and Sean Thomas , except where indicated .
Personnel
Debbie Gibson – vocals , piano ( 7 , 13 , 15 )
Tracy Young – keyboards , programming ( 1 , 3 , 9 )
Sean Thomas – keyboards , programming , ( 2–5 , 7 , 9–13 , 15 ) , piano ( 15 ) , guitar ( 2 , 4–5 , 11 , 13 ) , bass ( 2 ) , backing vocals ( 4 )
Eugene `` Man Man '' Roberts – keyboards ( 2 )
John Sinclaire – keyboards , programming , strings ( 6 )
Phillip Thorpe – keyboards , programming ( 6 )
Fred Coury – keyboards , programming , drums ( 7 , 12 ) , guitar ( 12 )
Dirty Werk – keyboards , programming ( 8 )
Ira Siegel – guitar ( 1 , 4 )
Paul Sidoti – guitar ( 3 , 11 )
Ashba – guitar ( 7–8 , 11 )
Elliott Mitchell – guitar ( 14 )
Dan Falcone – trumpet ( 3 )
Philip Wigfall – alto saxophone ( 3 )
Eric Tewalt – tenor saxophone ( 3 )
Nathan Tanouye – trombone ( 3 )
Johannes Greer – percussion ( 3 , 6–7 , 11 )
Joey Finger – snare drum ( 14 )
Stevie Blacke – strings ( 7 )
Sylvia McCalla – backing vocals ( 1 , 3 , 8 )
Lyssa Lynn – backing vocals ( 3 )
Christine Shebeck – backing vocals ( 3 )
Orfeh – backing vocals ( 7 , 14 )
Andy Karl – backing vocals ( 7 , 14 )
Jassen Allen – backing vocals ( 7 , 15 )
Tymara Walker – backing vocals ( 7 , 15 )
Serena Harris – backing vocals ( 7 , 15 )
Lillian Caputo – backing vocals ( 11 )
Jackie Romero – backing vocals ( 14 )
Charts
References
External links
2021 albums
Debbie Gibson albums
Self-released albums
The Adolphus was a wooden brigantine that was wrecked on the rocks west of Pier Head at Wollongong harbour in New South Wales on 29 November 1866 . The ship was carrying coal from Wollongong to Sydney under the command of Captain William Kean . There were no casualties , but the vessel was lost . The wreck has not been located , but the approximate coordinates are .
Further reading
Online Database 's
Australian National Shipwreck Database
Australian Shipping - Arrivals and Departures 1788–1968 including shipwrecks
Encyclopedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks
Books
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast . By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises . 1993 .
Australian Shipwrecks - vol1 1622-1850 , Charles Bateson , AH and AW Reed , Sydney , 1972 , , Call number 910.4530994 BAT
Australian shipwrecks Vol . 2 1851–1871 By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 . Sydney . Reed , 1980 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol . 3 1871–1900 By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 . Geelong Vic : List Publishing , 1982 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol . 4 1901–1986 By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 . Portarlington Vic . Marine History Publications , 1987 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol . 5 Update 1986 By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 . Portarlington Vic . Marine History Publications , 1991 910.4530994 LON
References
External links
Shipwrecks of the Illawarra Region
Ships built in New Brunswick
1852 ships
Maritime incidents in November 1866
1851–1870 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Brigantines of Australia
KL Gangster is a 2011 Malaysian action film written and directed by Syamsul Yusof , ( who also starred in the film ) . The film stars Aaron Aziz , Adi Putra , Soffi Jikan and Zizan Razak . KL Gangster follows Malek ( Aziz ) who is a former gangster fresh out of prison , wanting to change their lives .
KL Gangster is reported as the one of the first Malaysian-made films to reach the collection point of $ 3,309,610 ( 10 million ) in local cinemas . KL Gangster ( reaching past the 10 million mark ) beat the overall record held by Ngangkung ( another Malaysian-made film ) which released in 2010 . A prequel , KL Gangster 2 , was released in 2013 .
Plot
KL Gangster tells the story of two brothers Malek ( Aaron Aziz ) and Jai ( Ady Putra ) who are entrapped in the gangster world . Malek was imprisoned for years due to being betrayed by their own group 's masterminded , Shark ( Syamsul Yusof ) who is a stepchild to the King ( Ridzuan Hashim ) , a leader of the most influential secret societies in KL . For Malek , after their release from prison , they want to change the perception of life and stay away from the black life as a gangster .
Routine normal life while caring for their aged mother , but as a former prisoner stigmatised by society is quite difficult for Malek at first . They are often interrupted by former gangster members who still bear a grudge with him , until the King appears , and offers help to Malek start so they can start their new life . The King had ordered their men not to disrupt Malek , which is disliked by Shark , who wants to be the next `` King '' in KL . In contrast , their brother , Jai , who is still alive , has continued to link themselves with the gangster world .
For Jai , the material luxuries of life is everything , and believes that this can only be achieved with the black world of work , willing to do anything for money and power . To do this , Jai completes missions for Shark . Jai is the one who will step forward to help Shark in any fight or gang confrontation , quickly becoming their right-hand man . But with the emergence of Malek , Shark feels increasingly threatened , feeling challenged . With various possible ways to bring down Malek , every single plan is constantly thwarted by their stepfather , King , who often defends Malek , regarding themselves and Malek as friends .
King does not enjoy the hassle of constantly thwarting Shark 's attempts to get at Malek , with Shark now involving other gangster groups to get at Malek . This makes the relationship with King and Shark cold . For King , reconciling with Malek is helping and showing a good gesture towards him . For Shark , Malek causes everything wrong .
With Shark ordered to remove Malek 's brother , Jai , to get at Malek directly , loyalty becomes tested .
Cast
Aaron Aziz as Malek
Syamsul Yusof as Shark
Adi Putra as Jai
Soffi Jikan as Ajib
Zizan Razak as Fadil
Ridzuan Hashim as King
Adam Corrie as Dragon
Ku Faridah as Mak
Sheera Iskandar as Zati
Anna Halim as Erin
Zalfie Md Nor as Gang Jai
Razib Salimin as Cicak
Zack Taipan as Nuar
Reception
Critical response
Gua.com.my gave KL Gangster 4/5 stars , commenting on the film as `` realistic '' . Azwan Annuar , however , commented more on the story stating : `` there is enough action in the film , but it is also a simple story . A connecting story of triad groups in Kuala Lumpur . It can be said of the conflict that exists in the reality of the community here . ''
According to The Portal , who publish commentaries before films are screened to the public , described the acting portrayed by each character as `` fascist '' . According to another review , `` the effectiveness of the highlighted characters managed to impress the audience and makes the story interesting to watch . Praise should be given to each film actor , especially Zizan Razak , who gives such good acting that will have viewers in stitches . Praise should be given to Syamsul Yusof as well , who successfully highlighted the good side of acting and managed to inspire the character they portrayed . ''
Box office
On the first day of the screening , the film managed to collect RM1.5 million . This figure reached RM6.2 million after four days , and then topped the collection chart in Malaysian cinemas on its first weekend ( 9 to 15 June 2011 ) , to overcome Hollywood films , including Super 8 , X-Men : First Class and Kung Fu Panda 2 .
Just after the end of its second week in cinemas , there were rumours that KL Gangster reached a total of RM10.3 million thus surpassing the record of RM8.18 million held by Ngangkung produced by Metrowealth Movies Production by end of 2010 . During its theatrical run KL Gangster grossed in total of RM11.74 million , maintained a solid position as highest-grossing Malaysian film for two and a half years , until it was outranked by The Journey in February 2014 .
After screening in cinemas , KL Gangster films were available on iflix .
Controversy
Despite the warm welcome to the visitors of cinema and the film 's reviewer , but KL Gangster was not free from objection to some parties , such as the Pekida foundation , who reportedly wanted to sue the director , Syamsul Yusof . Also involved in this case is the film Share , another Malaysian film with a similar theme as KL Gangster and premiered a month earlier . Pekida expressed their disappointment with the Film Censorship Board for approving the films involved . Although this controversy caused KL Gangster to lose movie buys , the movie eventually won six awards at the Malaysian Film Festival ( FFM ) and four Blockbuster Awards .
Prequel and spin-off
A prequel titled , KL Gangster 2 , was released on 3 October 2013 , with a spin-off titled Abang Long Fadil also releasing on 29 May 2014 .
Spin-off series KL Gangster : Underworld was released on 16 August 2018 , online on video on demand ( VOD ) service iflix . After receiving positive reception , Season 2 was announced and a prequel to the spin-off series , KL Gangster : Rise to Power will be released on September 19 , 2019 .
References
External links
2011 action films
2011 films
Malay-language films
Malaysian action films
Films directed by Syamsul Yusof
Films produced by Yusof Haslam
Films with screenplays by Syamsul Yusof
Skop Productions films
Grand Brilliance films
This is a summary of the year 2019 in British music .
Events
3 January – The Royal College of Organists announces Hans Fagius and Nicolas Kynaston as the recipients of the RCO Medal for 2019 .
10 January – The Brodsky Quartet announces the appointment of Gina McCormack as its new violinist , to replace the departing Daniel Rowland .
17 January – The Ernst von Siemens Music Foundation announces Rebecca Saunders as the recipient of the Ernst von Siemens Musikpreis 2019 , the second woman and the first female composer ever to be honoured with the award .
21 January – The Barbican Centre , London Symphony Orchestra , and Guildhall School of Music and Drama jointly unveil initial designs for the proposed privately-funded centre for music in the City of London .
24 January – Tasmin Little announces their intention to retire from classical music performance in the summer of 2020 .
25 January
The BBC Symphony Orchestra announces the appointment of Dalia Stasevska as its next principal guest conductor , the first woman to be named to the post and the second female conductor ever to be given a titled post with a BBC orchestra .
The Ulster Orchestra announces the appointment of Daniele Rustioni as its next chief conductor , effective September 2019 .
The city of Schwäbisch Gmünd announces John Rutter as the recipient of the Preis der Europäischen Kirchenmusik 2019 .
20 February – Future Talent announces Sheku Kanneh-Mason as its newest Ambassador .
4 March – Scala Radio , a new classical radio station , begins transmission .
8 March
A British Phonographic Industry report indicates that with respect to music provision , state schools have seen a 21 % decrease over the past 5 years , compared to a net increase of 7 % in independent schools during the same period .
Birmingham Contemporary Music Group announces the appointment of Seb Huckle as its new executive director .
29–31 March – The BBC Radio 6 Music Festival takes place in Liverpool .
17 April
English National Opera announces the resignation of Daniel Kramer as its artistic director , effective at the end of July 2019 .
The Court of Appeal unanimously upholds the earlier ruling by the High Court of Justice in the case of Christopher Goldscheider v. Royal Opera House Covent Garden Foundation , in favour of Goldscheider .
22 April – The Lark Ascending by Ralph Vaughan Williams regains its position at number 1 in the Classic FM Top 300 , revealed over the Easter weekend .
25 April – The Development Management Sub-Committee of the City of Edinburgh Council approves plans for the construction of Dunard Centre , the first purpose-built music and performance venue in Edinburgh in over 100 years .
29 April – The PRS Foundation announces that Vanessa Reed is to stand down as its executive director , effective with the summer of 2019 .
7 May – BBC Radio 3 announces the musicians for its New Generation Artists scheme from 2019-21 :
Eric Lu , piano
Alexander Gadjiev , piano
Timothy Ridout , viola
Consone Quartet
Johan Dalene , violin
Rob Luft , jazz guitar
Ema Nikoslovska , mezzo-soprano
10 May – The Philharmonia Orchestra announces that Helen Sprott is to stand down as its managing director .
22 May
The Philharmonia Orchestra announces the appointment of Santtu-Matias Rouvali as its next principal conductor , effective with the 2021-2022 season , with an initial contract of 5 years .
The Benedetti Foundation announces the appointment of Michael Garvey as its first-ever executive director .
The BBC National Orchestra of Wales ( BBC NOW ) announces that Michael Garvey is to stand down as director of the BBC NOW and the BBC National Chorus of Wales .
7 June
Queen 's Birthday Honours :
Stephen Cleobury , Ian Stoutzker , and David Pountney are each made a Knight Bachelor .
Jonathan Dove , Joanna MacGregor , Mitch Murray and Mark Padmore are each made a Commander of the Order of British Empire .
Elvis Costello , Kathryn Harries , Feargal Sharkey and Robin Ticciati are each made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire .
Mary Bevan , Sophie Bevan , Alfie Boe , Jacqui Dankworth , Andy Heath , Anna Meredith , and Timothy Reynish are each made a Member of the Order of the British Empire .
14–16 June – Download Festival 2019 takes place at Donington Park in Leicestershire . The main stage is headlined by Def Leppard , Slipknot and Tool , the Zippo encore stage by Rob Zombie , Halestorm and Slayer ( in their final UK appearance ) , the Avalanche stage by Me First and the Gim me Gimmes , Simple Creatures and Enter Shikari , and the Dogtooth stage by At the Gates , Carcass and Municipal Waste .
17 June – The Royal Philharmonic Society ( RPS ) announces the appointments of Alexander Goehr and Sir David Pountney as honorary members of the RPS .
22 June – The BBC Cardiff Singer of the World 2019 competition results are announced :
Main Prize – Andrei Kymach
Song Prize – Mingjie Lei
Audience Prize – Katie Bray
24 June – Opera North announces the appointment of Garry Walker as its next music director , effective with the 2020-21 season .
26 June – Opera Rara announces the appointment of Carlo Rizzi as its next artistic director , effective June 2020 .
19 July – Karina Canellakis conducts the First Night of the Proms at the Royal Albert Hall , the first female conductor ever to conduct the First Night .
25 July – The London Philharmonic Orchestra announces the appointment of Edward Gardner as its next principal conductor , effective with the 2021-22 season , with an initial contract of 5 years .
3 September – At the Proms , Bernard Haitink conducts their 90th and final Prom , with the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra and pianist Emanuel Ax .
11 September – The BBC National Orchestra of Wales announces the appointment of Ryan Bancroft as its next principal conductor , effective with the 2020-21 season , with an initial contract of 3 years .
16 September
The BBC announces the appointment of Lisa Tregale as the new Director of the BBC National Orchestra of Wales and the BBC National Chorus of Wales , effective in 2020 . Tregale is the first woman to be named to the post .
Wigmore Hall awards Iestyn Davies the Wigmore Medal , after a concert at Wigmore Hall on their 40th birthday .
5 October – Lucia Lucas becomes the first transgender singer to perform with the English National Opera in London .
8 October – English National Opera announces the appointment of Annilese Miskimmon as its next artistic director , effective September 2020 .
8 November – The Royal Albert Hall announces a new 5-year partnership with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra as its new associate orchestra for year-round orchestral programmes .
9 December – The Yehudi Menuhin School announces the appointment of Tasmin Little as its new co-president .
27 December – UK New Year 's Honours 2020 :
Sir Elton John is made a Member of the Order of the Companions of Honour .
Olivia Newton-John is made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire .
Humphrey Burton is made a Knight Bachelor .
Timothy Walker and Errollyn Wallen are each made a Commander of the Order of British Empire .
Judith Bingham , Nicola Killean , Gary Lightbody and Roger Taylor are each made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire .
Helen Grime , Sheku Kanneh-Mason , and Charles Kennard are each made a Member of the Order of the British Empire .
Television programmes
1 January – Jools ' Annual Hootenanny features Marc Almond , George Ezra , Junior Giscombe , Jess Glynne and others .
24 February – Pappano 's Greatest Arias , presented by Antonio Pappano
1 March – Say Hello , Wave Goodbye , documentary about Soft Cell
14 April – Janet Baker in their own words , documentary about Janet Baker
7 September – Strictly Come Dancing 2019 series , introducing new judge Motsi Mabuse .
12 October
The X Factor : Celebrity ; competitors include Brendan Cole , Martin Bashir and Hayley Hasselhoff The series is won by Megan McKenna , with Max and Harvey second and Jenny Ryan third .
Mark Ronson : From the Heart ( BBC4 documentary )
10 December – Lucy Worsley 's Christmas Carol Odyssey ( BBC4 documentary )
Artists and groups
Reformed
Doves
The Futureheads
JLS
Lighthouse Family
McFly
Monaco
The Power Station
Roxy Music
Shakespears Sister
Sugababes ( original line up )
Supergrass
Disbanded
Arms Race
Estrons
The Good , the Bad & the Queen
Mallory Knox
Otherkin
The Searchers
Spandau Ballet
The Spook School
Superfood
Classical works
Thomas Adès – Concerto for Piano and Orchestra
Sally Beamish – Nine Fragments ( for string quartet )
Michael Berkeley – Epitaphs of War
Sir Harrison Birtwistle – Duet for 8 Strings ( for viola and cello )
Mark David Boden – Descent
Jay Capperauld – Egalitair
John Casken – Madonna of Silence ( Trombone Concerto )
Jonathan Dove
Accordion Concerto ( 'Northern Lights ' )
We Are One Fire
David Fennessy - The Ground ( commissioned by BBC ; premièred on 12 January at Glasgow City Hall
Helen Grime – Percussion Concerto
Gavin Higgins – Book of Miracles ( Trombone Concerto )
Robin Holloway – Phaeton 's Journey : Son of the Sun ( Trumpet Concerto )
Dani Howard – Gates of Spring
Emily Howard ( music ) and Michael Symmons Roberts ( text ) – The Anvil - An elegy for Peterloo
Daniel Kidane – Woke
John Woolrich – A Book of Inventions
Nicholas Korth – Harmoniae Naturales VI
Sir James MacMillan – Symphony No 5 ( 'Le grand Inconnu ' )
Grace-Evangeline Mason – Midnight Spires
Colin Matthews – Octet
Tom Poster – The Turning Year
André Previn and Tom Stoppard – Penelope
Joby Talbot – A Sheen of Dew on Flowers
Mark-Anthony Turnage – Massarosa ( for bassoon and string quartet )
Huw Watkins – The Moon
Ryan Wigglesworth – Piano Concerto
Scott Wilson – À Mezza Voce
John Woolrich – A Book of Inventions
Opera
Iain Bell and Mark Campbell – Stonewall
Iain Bell and Emma Jenkins – The Women of Whitechapel
Gavin Higgins and Francesca Simon – The Monstrous Child
Dani Howard ( music ) , Zoe Palmer and Rebecca Hurst ( libretto ) – Robin Hood
Stuart MacRae and Louise Welsh – Anthropocene
Gabriel Prokofiev and David Pountney – Elizabetta
Philip Venables and Ted Huffman – Denis & Katya
Musical theatre
Only Fools and Horses The Musical , by Paul Whitehouse and Jim Sullivan , with additional music by Chas Hodges and John Sullivan
Musical films
Blinded by the Light , starring Hayley Atwell and Kulvinder Ghir , with music by Bruce Springsteen .
Cats , starring James Corden , Idris Elba , Ian McKellen and Judi Dench , with music by Andrew Lloyd Webber , due for release on 20 December .
Rocketman , starring Taron Egerton , produced by Elton John , David Furnish and Matthew Vaughn
Yesterday , starring Himesh Patel and Ed Sheeran , with songs by Paul McCartney and John Lennon
Film scores and incidental music
Film
Soumik Datta - Around India with a Movie Camera
Steven Price - Wonder Park
Vik Sharma & Graham Coxon - Fighting with My Family
Television
David Arnold - Good Omens
Ewen Henderson - Sanditon
Dominik Scherrer - The Widow
British music awards
Brit Awards – see 2019 Brit Awards
Charts and sales
Number-one singles
The singles chart includes a proportion for streaming .
Number-one albums
The albums chart includes a proportion for streaming .
Number-one compilation albums
Top singles of the year
This chart was published by the Official Charts Company on 1 January 2020
Best-selling albums
Deaths
1 January – Dean Ford , singer , songwriter and musician with Marmalade , 72 ( Parkinson 's disease )
3 January – Donald Froud , orchestral administrator and French horn player , and first general manager of the Ulster Orchestra , 86
7 January – John Joubert , South Africa-born composer , 91
19 January – Ted McKenna , drummer ( The Sensational Alex Harvey Band ) , 68 ( cerebral haemorrhage )
28 January – Noel Rawsthorne , organist , 89
6 February – Gerald English , tenor , 93
9 February – Cadet , rapper , 28 ( car accident )
25 February – Mark Hollis , 64 , singer and songwriter ( Talk Talk ) ( death reported on this date )
26 February – Andy Anderson , 68 , rock drummer ( cancer )
28 February – André Previn KBE , conductor ( past principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra and music director of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra ) , composer , and pianist , 89
1 March – Paul Williams , singer , 78
3 March – Peter Hurford , organist and composer , 88
4 March – Keith Flint , singer , musician ( The Prodigy ) , 49
6 March – Grayston Burgess , countertenor and conductor , 86
26 March – Ranking Roger , ska musician , 56 ( cancer )
27 March – Stephen Fitzpatrick , singer , musician ( Hers ) , 24 ( road accident )
8 April – Sue Revill , classical record company financial administrator , 63
15 April – Les Reed , songwriter , 83
22 April – Heather Harper , soprano , 88
27 April – Joseph Ward , 76 , English tenor
30 April – Boon Gould , English musician ( Level 42 ) , 64 .
28 May – Ralph Murphy , 75 , British-born Canadian country musician , cancer .
3 July – Alan Rogan , 68 , English guitar technician ( The Who ) , cancer .
16 July – Johnny Clegg , 66 , British-born South African singer and musician ( Juluka , Savuka ) , pancreatic cancer .
30 July – Lol Mason , 69 , English singer ( City Boy , The Maisonettes ) .
1 August – Ian Gibbons , 67 , English keyboardist ( The Kinks ) , bladder cancer .
3 August – Joe Longthorne , 64 , English singer and entertainer , throat cancer .
11 August – Freddy Bannister , 84 , English rock concert promoter , cancer .
20 August - Timmy Walsh , English guitarist , ( Northside ) , 51 , suicide ( death announced in 2020 ) .
25 August – Jonathan Goldstein , 50 , English composer , plane crash .
14 September – Julian Piper , 72 , English blues guitarist .
18 September – Tony Mills , 57 , English rock singer ( Shy , TNT ) , pancreatic cancer .
19 September – Larry Wallis , 70 , English musician ( Pink Fairies , Motörhead ) .
6 October – Ginger Baker , 80 , English drummer ( Cream , Blind Faith , Ginger Baker 's Air Force ) .
8 October – Molly Duncan , 74 , saxophonist ( Average White Band ) , cancer .
22 November – Sir Stephen Cleobury , 70 , English organist , director of the Choir of King 's College , Cambridge , since 1982
24 November – Colin Mawby , 83 , English organist , choral conductor and composer
27 November – Sir Jonathan Miller , British theatre and opera director , satirist , and physician , 85
28 November – Christopher Finzi , British conductor and son of Gerald Finzi , 85
7 December – Simon Streatfeild , 90 , conductor and violist
29 December
Susanne Beer , German-born orchestral cellist resident in the United Kingdom and principal cello of the London Philharmonic Orchestra , 52
Neil Innes , 75 , singer , musician , writer ( Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band ) , ( The Rutles )
See also
2019 in British radio
2019 in British television
2019 in the United Kingdom
References
Notes
Citations
2019
An unstable approach is an approach during which an aircraft does not maintain certain essential flight parameters within reasonable limits . This usually includes at least one of the following variables stable : speed , descent rate , vertical/lateral flight path and in landing configuration , or receive a landing clearance by a certain altitude . Unstabilized approaches account for most approach and landing accidents . For this reason , an approach should be stabilized by above runway altitude . Otherwise , a go-around should be executed by the pilot .
For example , the 2016 Magdalen Islands Mitsubishi MU-2 crash was blamed on an unstabilized approach .
References
External links
Approach With Caution
Flight Safety Foundation ALAR Briefing Note
Types of final approach ( aviation )
Blas Valera ( 1544-1597 ) was a Roman Catholic priest of the Jesuit Order in Peru , a historian , and a linguist . The son of a Spaniard and an indigenous woman , they were one of the first mestizo priests in Peru . They wrote a history of Peru titled Historia Occidentalis which is mostly lost , although the Inca Garcilaso de la Vega quoted some of it in their history . In 1583 Valera was jailed by the Jesuits . The Jesuits claimed they were punishing Valera for sexual misconduct but more the reason was heresy . Valera 's writings claimed the Incas were the legitimate rulers of Peru , the Inca 's language , Quechua , was equal to Latin as the language of religion , and the Inca religion had prepared the Andean peoples for Christianity . In 1596 , still under house arrest , they traveled to Spain . They died there in 1597 .
In the words of biographer Sabine Hyland , Blas had `` concern for the welfare of the indigenous people of Peru '' and they made `` courageous efforts to defend their civilization and forge a new vision of Andean Christianity . ''
Life
Blas Valera was born in Chachapoyas , Peru , in 1544 or 1545 , the out of wedlock son of Luis Valera , a conquistador of the Inca Empire , and Francisca Pérez , an Andean woman and possibly a member of the Inca royal family . As a child , Valera spoke Quechua and they studied Latin and Spanish in the city of Trujillo and became a competent linguist . Their brother Jerónimo , eleven years younger , became a Franciscan theologian .
Valera joined the Jesuit Order in Lima in 1568 and was described as `` humble '' with a `` stable personality and much practical wisdom . '' They spent about five years as a novice , and was among the first group of mestizos to be accepted by the Jesuits to study for the priesthood . The Jesuits , new in Peru , were encouraging the use of indigenous languages and cultures as means of spreading Christianity . In 1573 , Valera was ordained as a priest and in 1576 they were a Latin teacher and preacher to the Andean ( Indian ) indigenous population in Cuzco . They became involved with a group of Inca noblemen in the Name of Jesus confraternity . The nobles in the Name of Jesus confraternity formed an alliance with the Jesuits to preserve their royal privileges and to promote the centrality of Cuzco and the Incas to the Catholic faith . In 1577 , the Jesuits wished to transfer Valera and another priest , Father Barzana , to Potosí , but the Incas in Cuzco protested and their transfer was delayed until 1578 or 1579 . In Potosí , they apparently founded a Name of Jesus confraternity .
In 1582 and 1583 , Valera worked in Lima . With other priests , they translated the Roman Catholic catechism into Quechua and Aymara . However , they ran afoul of European-born Jesuits when they claimed that the Inca religion was compatible with Christianity and that Quechua terms could be used to describe Christian doctrine . The unorthodox views of Valera and other mestizo priests led in 1582 to the Jesuit 's ban of mestizos from the priesthood . Shortly after the ban , Valera was imprisoned by the Jesuits . The Jesuits sentenced them to four years imprisonment and six years of house arrest . They were permanently stripped of their priestly duties and prohibited from teaching languages . In prison , Valera was forced to pray , perform menial tasks , and undergo weekly `` mortifications , '' which probably included flagellations . Valera was given the opportunity to join another religious society but they declined , saying that they were innocent .
Although the ostensible reason for Valera 's imprisonment was sexual indiscretions , their punishment was far more severe than that of other priests accused of the same offense . The more likely reason for their imprisonment was their view that the Incas were the proper rulers of Peru and that Quechua was superior to Spanish and equivalent to Latin as a language of religion . An air of secrecy characterized their incarceration . Their punishment was not dictated by the usual means of a trial by the Inquisition . Instead , the matter was referred to Jesuit leadership in Europe . On 11 April 1583 Father Andrés Lopez left Peru for Spain . One of their tasks was to advocate in person that Valera be dismissed from the Jesuit Order . The details of Valera 's offense were too secret to be put in writing by the Jesuits . Author Hyland speculates that the Jesuits wished to avoid antagonizing Phillip II of Spain and suppressed Valera 's opinions .
Valera had run afoul of a Spanish policy established under Viceroy Francisco de Toledo ( ruled 1569-1581 ) to emphasize the legitimacy of Spanish rule and denigrate the Incas , especially their religion . Prior to Toledo 's rule , the indigenous culture of Peru had mostly survived the 40 years since Francisco Pizzaro 's overthrow of the Inca Empire . Toledo initiated a massive reorganization of indigenous society . Valera 's defense of the Incas and their culture and religion was contrary to Toledo 's objectives . The semi-assimilated mestizos , including mestizo priests , were an obstacle to the obliteration of indigenous culture desired by Toledo and subsequent Viceroys .
Valera requested to go to Rome to plead their case with Jesuit leader Claudio Acquaviva . They left Peru in 1594 , but spent two years in Quito recovering from illness . They finally arrived in Spain in May 1596 where they were initially imprisoned but , on 3 June 1576 , Father Cristóbal Mendez wrote Acquaviva that Valera had reformed . They were permitted to teach humanities in Cadiz , but not languages or to hear confessions . Later that year Valera was injured during the sacking of Cadiz by an Anglo-Dutch Fleet . They died on 2 April 1597 .
Disputed claims
In the 1980s and 1990s an Italian woman , Clara Miccinelli , announced that they had found 17th century documents proving that Valera did not die in 1597 but rather returned to Peru and became the real author , instead of Guaman Poma , of a lengthy chronicle describing Spanish misrule of Peru . The documents also claim that the quipus ( knotted strings ) of the Inca were a true `` written '' language rather than just a recording device and that Pizarro used poison to defeat and overthrow the Incas . Experts have questioned the authenticity of the documents . Author Hyland believes the documents are probably authentic and date from the 17th century , but that the stories and claims in the documents are fictional . They say , however , that the documents may represent the true feelings of some 17th century Jesuits who were critical of Spanish rule .
Works
Valera was the author of four known works . Most of their writings are lost , but their character can be ascertained through their use as sources by other authors . Their first known work written in 1579 or earlier was a history of the spread of Christianity among the indigenous people of the Andes . The second was a lengthy history of the Incas which was mostly destroyed in the sacking of Cadiz in 1596 . The parts that survived were cited and quoted by , among others , Inca Garcilaso de la Vega in their Comentarios Reales de los Incas published in 1609 . Garcilaso said that Valera 's Latin was `` elegant . '' Valera also wrote a Quechua Vocabulary which was more like an encyclopedia . They expressed their admiration for the Inca Emperor Atahuallpa who they said was a Christian saint in heaven . The `` Vocabulario '' was a source , sometimes not attributed due to Valera 's poor standing with the Jesuits , for Giovanni Anello Oliva in their histories of the Incas . The fourth work , and the only one which is known to exist in its entirety is `` An Account of the Ancient Customs of Peruvian Natives . '' Most of the `` Account '' describes the religion of the Incas in highly favorable terms , apparently to counter negative descriptions of Inca religion by other writers . It was written by Valera while they were recuperating from illness in Quito in 1594 and 1595 .
References
Sources
Hyland , Sabine . The Jesuit & the Incas : The Extraordinary Life of Padre Blas Valera , S.J . ( The University of Michigan Press : Ann Arbor , Michigan ) 2003 .
Chroniclers
Peruvian male writers
16th-century Spanish historians
16th-century Peruvian Jesuits
1544 births
1597 deaths
People from Chachapoyas Province
Spanish chroniclers
History of Peru
Historians of Peru
Indigenous writers of the Americas
Mestizo writers
Spanish colonization of the Americas
Incan scholars
Dennis O. Bythewood ( born ) is a United States Space Force brigadier general who serves as the deputy commander of Joint Task Force–Space Defense . They most recently served as the director for special programs of the Space and Missile Systems Center . They were nominated in January 2021 for promotion to brigadier general and transfer to the United States Space Force .
Education
1992 Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering , University of Vermont , Burlington , VT .
1998 Squadron Officer School , Maxwell AFB , AL .
2003 Air Command and Staff College ( correspondence ) , Maxwell AFB , AL .
2004 Master of Business Administration , University of Colorado-Colorado Springs , CO .
2007 Air War College ( correspondence ) , Maxwell AFB , AL .
Assignments
1 . October 1992 – June 1996 , Range System Manager , 501st Range Squadron , Hill AFB , UT
2 . July 1996 – August 1999 , Electric Combat Analyst and Chief , Unmanned Air Vehicle Branch , Detachment 1 , 31st Test and Evaluation Squadron , Kirtland AFB , NM
3 . August 1999 – June 2002 , Chief , Test and Certification , System Test Division , Milstar Joint Program Office , Los Angeles AFB , CA
4 . July 2002 – October 2005 , Chief of Engineering , Operations Support Flight Commander and Operations Officer , 4th Space Operations Squadron , Schriever AFB , CO
5 . November 2005 – July 2007 , Chief , MILSATCOM Operations Branch , HAF/DCS , Air , Space and Information Operations , Plans , Requirements , Pentagon , Washington , D.C .
6 . August 2007 – May 2009 , Executive Officer , SAF/SO , Air Forces Smart Operations , Pentagon , Washington , D.C .
7 . June 2009 – June 2011 , Commander , Space Communications Operations Squadron , Network Operations Group , Mission Operations Directorate , National Reconnaissance Office , Los Angeles , CA
8 . July 2011 – July 2013 , Material Leader , Space Based Infrared System Production , Infrared Space Systems Directorate , Space and Missile Systems Center , Los Angeles AFB , CA
9 . August 2013 – June 2014 , Director , Ground Frontiers Office , Ground Enterprise Directorate , National Reconnaissance Office , Chantilly , VA
10 . July 2014 – June 2016 , Commander , 50th Operations Group , Schriever AFB , CO
11 . July 2016 – December 2016 , Special Assistant to the Director , Remote Sensing Systems Directorate , Los Angeles AFB , CA
12 . December 2016 – October 2018 , Senior Material Leader & Director , Remote Sensing Systems Directorate , Los Angeles AFB , CA
13 . October 2018 – July 2020 , Director , Space Development Corps and Program Executive Officer for Space Development , Los Angeles AFB , CA
14 . July 2020 – June 2021 , Senior Material Leader and Director , Special Programs , Space and Missile Systems Center , Los Angeles AFB , Calif .
15 . July 2021 – Present , Deputy Commander , Joint Task Force-Space Defense , U.S. Space Command Schriever AFB , Colo .
Personal life
Bythewood married Jahnna Perkin on October 24 , 1998
Awards and decorations
Bythewood is the recipient of the following awards :
Dates of promotion
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
United States Air Force colonels
United States Space Force generals
Sicaya may refer to :
Sicaya , Bolivia , a town in the Cochabamba Department in Bolivia .
Sicaya , Peru , a town in the Junín Region in Peru .
Sicaya Canton , a canton in the Sicaya Municipality in Bolivia .
Sicaya District , a district in the Huancayo Province in Peru .
Sicaya Municipality a municipality in the Capinota Province in Bolivia .
Michael Kenny O'Keefe ( born December 2 , 1963 ) is an Associate Judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia .
Education and career
O'Keefe earned their Bachelor of Arts from University of Notre Dame . They attended American University 's
Washington College of Law where they earned their Juris Doctor and was an Associate Editor of the Law Review .
While attending law school , O'Keefe worked in the United States Senate as a legislative aide to Senator Christopher J. Dodd . After graduating , they worked for O'Connor & Hannan ( now Nossaman LLP ) . As a lawyer , they have litigated over 200 trials in the D.C. Superior Court and has represented individuals in over 2,000 cases .
D.C. Superior Court
President Barack Obama nominated O'Keefe on March 19 , 2013 , to a 15-year term as an associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia to the seat vacated by Joan Z. McAvoy . On May 15 , 2013 , the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a hearing on their nomination . On May 22 , 2013 , the Committee reported their nomination favorably to the senate floor and on the following day , May 23 , 2013 , the full Senate confirmed their nomination by voice vote . They were sworn in on June 20 , 2013 .
References
1963 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
American University alumni
Judges of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia
People from Glen Cove , New York
University of Notre Dame alumni
Garden of the Righteous may refer to one of the following :
An inexact translation of Riyad-us Saliheen
Garden of the Righteous Among the Nations , a garden in Yad Vashem commemorating the Righteous Among the Nations .
Garden of the Righteous in Warsaw
Bermuda competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Delegation
The country sent a team of 2 athletes , both 2 women , to the 2016 Summer Paralympics . Yushae Desilva-Andrade competed in boccia , while Jessica Cooper Lewis competed in athletics .
Athletics
Women 's Track
Boccia
See also
Bermuda at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Bermudian sport
Fahire Battalgil ( 1902 - 1948 ) was a Turkish ichthyologist who was one of the first women to be appointed as a professor at a university in Turkey .
Name
Battalgil was known as Fahire Akim Hanim during the early part of their life . The surname Battalgil was adopted by their family to comply with the Republic of Turkey 's 1934 Surname Law and the spelling of this was changed to Battalgazi from 1943 .
Early life
Fahire Akim Hanim was born in Istanbul in 1902 , they attended the French school of Notre Dame de Sion in Damascus where their father , Dr Etem Akif Bey , had attended . Them secondary school was the Bezmi Alem High School from where they graduated in 1924 . They graduated from the Darülfünun in 1926 with a qualification in Natural Science .
Career
From April 1926 to October 1927 Fahire Akim Hanim had a position at the Tercan Vocational School , now part of Erzincan University where they were assigned to the Faculty of Science on 1 June 1927 , being appointed as an assistant in the Institute of Zoology in August 1927 . In 1931-32 they went to study at the Sorbonne in Paris in the Department of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy . In 1933 , following the reform of Turkish universities , they were appointed as an Associate Professor of Zoology at the University of Istanbul . In November 1935 they participated in an expedition organised by the Fisheries Institute , and many such thereafter . With their colleague Suat Nigar they translated the lectures of Professor Andre Naville and after their sudden death in 1937 they took those lectures herself . In 1937 they became a full Associate Professor , under the German Zoologist Curt Kosswig , and in 1944 they became a full professor . They were Turkey 's first zoology doctor and first zoology professor . They died on 20 February 1948 in Istanbul and is buried in a family plot in a cemetery in Besiktas .
Legacy
Battalgil was an important figure in Turkish ichthyology discovering a number of new species for Turkey and describing a number of new species of fish to science . Examples include Alburnus adanensis , Barbus oligolepis , Pseudophoxinus caralis and Squalius cephaloides . Species named in honour of Battalgil include Cobitis fahireae , Phoxinellus fahirae and Alburnus battalgilae .
Publications
This is an incomplete list of publications :
1940 Eine neue Cyprinidenart [ Yeni bir Cyprinid nev ' i ] , Revue de la Faculté des Sciences de l'Université d'Istanbul , Série B : Sciences Naturelles , 5 ( 1-2 ) : 74-77 ( 1-4 ) .
1941 Les poissons des eaux douces de la Turquie [ Türkiye'nin tatlısu balıkları ] , Revue de la Faculté des Sciences de l'Université d'Istanbul , Série B : Sciences Naturelles , 6 ( 1-2 ) : 170–186 .
1944 . Türkiye'de yeni tath su bahklari . Nouveau poissons des eaux douces de la Turquie . Revue de la Faculté des Sciences de l'Université d'Instanbul , Série B : Sciences Naturelles , 9 ( 2 ) [ 1943 ] : 126–133
References
1902 births
1948 deaths
Turkish zoologists
Ichthyologists
Women ichthyologists
Turkish women scientists
20th-century zoologists
Villa López is a town and seat of the municipality of López , in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua . As of 2010 , the town had a population of 2,184 , up from 2,066 as of 2005 .
It was given its official modern name Octaviano López after the Mexican army captain , Octaviano López . Upon its foundation in 1619 it was originally called Atotonilco .
References
Populated places in Chihuahua ( state )
Lepidosperma concavum , commonly known as the sandhill sword-sedge , is a plant found in coastal regions of south-eastern and eastern Australia . It grows on sandy soils in woodland , forest and heathland .
Description
The sandhill sword-sedge is a tufted perennial with a short vertical rhizome and rigid , erect , sharp-edged culms . It grows to 20–60 cm in height and 3–7 mm in width . The inflorescence is erect , dense , ovate to oblong , 3–15 cm long and 2–4 cm in diameter , with a shorter involucral bract . The numerous spikelets are 5–8 mm long , with 6 to 8 bracts , coverered in short fine hairs , red-brown to grey-brown . There are 6 scales at the base of stamen , whitish in colour . The smooth , pale to dark brown , ovoid nut is 2.7–4.0 mm long and 1.3–1.8 mm in diameter . It flowers in spring and summer .
References
concavum
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of South Australia
Flora of Queensland
Flora of Victoria ( Australia )
Flora of Tasmania
Poales of Australia
Plants described in 1804
Raccards are traditional granaries that can be found in parts of the Minho , north of Portugal ( called Espigueiro ) , in Galicia and Asturias , north-west of Spain , Swiss Alps ( usually in Valais ) and in the Italian Alps ( in the Lys Valley and in Ayas ) . In Italy they are called rascard and in Savoy regard .
These structures are built above ground and are supported by wooden stilts . A circular stone slab , forming an overhang , is intercalated between the stilts and the granary to prevent rodents from gaining access to the grain or fodder reserves .
See also
Hórreo
Granaries
pt : Espigueiro
Chaetostomella steropea is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae .
Distribution
Italy , Greece .
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1870
Diptera of Europe
Taxa named by Camillo Rondani
Naïma Moutchou ( born 4 November 1980 ) is a French lawyer and politician of La République En Marche ! ( LREM ) who has been serving as a member of the French National Assembly since the 2017 elections , representing the department of Val-d'Oise .
Early life and education
Moutchou was born to Moroccan parents who arrived in France in 1961 .
From 2010 , Moutchou practiced business and media law for nearly ten years . At the same time , they volunteered as a lawyer with International League against Racism and Anti-Semitism ( LICRA ) .
Political career
Since entering parliament , Moutchou has been serving on the Committee on Legal Affairs , where they were their parliamentary group 's coordinator from 2017 until 2019 . In this capacity , they were the parliament 's rapporteur on legislation combating fake news in November 2018 .
In addition to their committee assignments , Moutchou is a member of the French-Moroccan Parliamentary Friendship Group and the French-Serbian Parliamentary Friendship Group . From 2018 until 2021 , they were also one of six Assembly members who serve as judges of the Cour de Justice de la République .
After Amélie de Montchalin 's appointment to the government of Prime Minister Édouard Philippe in March 2019 , Moutchou briefly served as first vice chair of the LREM parliamentary group under the leadership of chairperson Gilles Le Gendre ; they were replaced by Marie Lebec in September 2019 .
In addition to LREM , Moutchou joined the Horizons party in 2021 .
Political positions
In July 2019 , Moutchou voted in favor of the French ratification of the European Union 's Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement ( CETA ) with Canada .
When leading LREM member Stanislas Guerini withdrew support in 2021 for one of the party 's own candidates , Sarah Zemmahi , after they wore a hijab in a campaign poster , Moutchou criticized them for “ discrimination . ”
Other activities
National Institute for Advanced Studies in Security and Justice ( INHESJ ) , Member of the Board of Directors ( 2017–2020 )
See also
2017 French legislative election
References
1980 births
Living people
People from Ermont
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
La République En Marche ! politicians
21st-century French women politicians
Women members of the National Assembly ( France )
French people of Moroccan descent
Members of Parliament for Val-d'Oise
The Colițca is a right tributary of the river Crasna in Romania . It discharges into the Vârșolț Reservoir , which is drained by the Crasna . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Sălaj County
'Umar al-Tilmisani , also Omar el-tilmisany ( , ; most often transliterated as Omar el Telmesany or Telmesani ) ( 4 November 1904 – 22 May 1986 ) was the third General Guide ( Murshid al-'Am ) of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood . They headed the Egyptian Islamist organization from 1972 until 1986 . Al-Tilmisani headed the Muslim Brotherhood during a period of cooperation and , some observers suggest , cooptation by the Egyptian state . While the Brothers were not precisely legal during Tilmisani 's term , they were tolerated and encouraged by Egypt 's former President Sadat as a bulwark against both leftist opponents and more Islamists .
Biography
Al-Tilmisani was born in the Darb al-Ahmar district of Cairo in 1904 . A lawyer , al-Tilmisani joined the Brothers in 1933 , and was inducted into the organization by its founding General Guide , Hassan al-Banna .
Al-Tilmisani was from a family of prominent landowners , which owned 300 feddans ( acres ) and seven houses . Their deputy , and a later successor as General Guide , Mustafa Mashhur , was also from a family of wealthy landowners . Their prominence and social status led historian Robert Springborg to conclude at the end of the 1980s : `` It can reasonably be claimed that those currently in control of the Muslim Brothers are of the Islamic infitah bourgeoisie who 'bought ' the organization with resources acquired through collaboration with the Sadat regime '' .
Salih Ashmawi , a senior Brotherhood member until their expulsion in 1953 , asked al-Tilmisani to help them in reviving
Al Dawa which had been published in the period 1951–1953 as an official organ of the group . Al-Tilmisani also managed the journal until its demise in 1981 . In addition , they published many articles in the journal which appeared on the first page .
Despite heading the group during this period of cooperation with the state , al-Tilmisani was imprisoned three times , once in 1954 , as an activist during the Nasser years , and twice while at the head of the group , during Sadat 's mass roundup of opponents in 1981 , and again under Hosni Mubarak in 1984 .
References
1904 births
1986 deaths
Umar Tilmisani
Islamists from Cairo
Kocudza Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-east of Dzwola , east of Janów Lubelski , and south of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Pafolacianine , sold under the brand name Cytalux , is an optical imaging agent used in fluorescence-guided surgery .
The most common side effects of pafolacianine include infusion-related reactions , including nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , flushing , dyspepsia , chest discomfort , itching and hypersensitivity .
It was approved for medical use in the United States in November 2021 .
Pafolacianine is a fluorescent drug that targets the folate receptor alpha ( FRa ) .
Medical uses
Pafolacianine is indicated as an adjunct for intraoperative identification of malignant lesions in people with ovarian cancer .
History
The safety and effectiveness of pafolacianine was evaluated in a randomized , multi-center , open-label study of women diagnosed with ovarian cancer or with high clinical suspicion of ovarian cancer who were scheduled to undergo surgery . Of the 134 women ( ages 33 to 81 years ) who received a dose of pafolacianine and were evaluated under both normal and fluorescent light during surgery , 26.9 % had at least one cancerous lesion detected that was not observed by standard visual or tactile inspection .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) granted the application for pafolacianine orphan drug , priority review , and fast track designations . The FDA granted the approval of Cytalux to On Target Laboratories , LLC .
Figures
References
External links
Optical imaging
Orphan drugs
Ovarian cancer
Carboxylic acids
Sulfonic acids
Sulfonates
Pteridines
Alberto Bombassei ( born October 1940 ) is an Italian billionaire business person , the chairperson and president of Brembo , an Italian manufacturer of automotive brake systems . They control 53.5 % of Brembo .
They were born in Vicenza , Italy . Their father Emilio Bombassei co-founded Brembo in 1961 with Italo Breda , and in 1975 , Enzo Ferrari asked the company to provide braking systems for their Formula 1 racing cars .
They are married with two children , and lives in Bergamo , Italy .
In 2013 Bombassei was elected MP among the ranks of the Civic Choice party and held office until 2018 . As of September 2020 , they are a member of the Italian Aspen Institute .
References
1940 births
Italian billionaires
Businesspeople from Bergamo
Living people
People from Vicenza
Civic Choice politicians
Fabio Giovanni Ceravolo ( born 5 March 1987 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for club Padova .
Career
Ceravolo played twice for Reggina in the Coppa Italia before joining Atalanta on loan on 20 August 2009 , two days before the start of the Serie A season . As part of the deal , Reggina signed Daniele Capelli on loan .
On 2010–11 season , Atalanta acquired 50 % registration rights of Ceravolo for €900,000 . In June 2011 , Reggina bought back Ceravolo .
On 10 January 2013 , they were signed by Ternana .
After three and a half seasons spent at Ternana , they were signed on 7 July 2016 by Serie B newcomers Benevento .
On 2 September 2019 , they signed a multi-year contract with Cremonese .
On 31 August 2021 , they joined Serie C club Padova .
References
External links
Reggina Calcio Official Player Profile
Fabio Ceravolo National Team Stats at FIGC.it
1987 births
Living people
People from Locri
Footballers from Calabria
Italian footballers
Association football forwards
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Reggina 1914 players
Vastese Calcio 1902 players
Pisa S.C. players
Atalanta B.C . players
Ternana Calcio players
Benevento Calcio players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
U.S. Cremonese players
Calcio Padova players
Italy youth international footballers
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria
Broad Oak is a hamlet in Cumbria , England . It is located along the A595 road , by road south of Egremont .
See also
List of places in Cumbria
References
Hamlets in Cumbria
Borough of Copeland
Micromosaics ( or micro mosaics , micro-mosaics ) are a special form of mosaic that uses unusually small mosaic pieces ( tesserae ) of glass , or in later Italian pieces an enamel-like material , to make small figurative images . Surviving ancient Roman mosaics include some very finely worked panels using very small tesserae , especially from Pompeii , but only from Byzantine art are there mosaic icons in micromosaic with tesserae as small as the best from the Modern period . Byzantine examples , which are very rare , were religious icons . They are usually framed and treated like portable paintings .
Byzantine survivals
Byzantine micromosaics , usually all attributed to Constantinople , apparently all or nearly all come from the Late Byzantine period , from around 1300 until the Fall of Constantinople in 1453 . The best known shows the Twelve Great Feasts of the Greek Orthodox Church and is in the Bargello in Florence . It is said to have been given to the Florence Baptistry in 1394 by the widow of a Byzantine court official . Another is in Santa Croce in Gerusalemme in Rome and was crucial in developing the iconography of the Man of Sorrows in the West ; it was believed to be an original image from the time of Pope Gregory the Great in the 6th century , but is now dated to around 1300 in Constantinople .
There was a new influx of icons and Greeks to Italy after 1453 . Prominent collectors included Pope Paul II ( d. 1471 ) , who by 1457 had 23 micromosaic icons and 13 painted or relief ones . Some later passed to Lorenzo de ' Medici , who owned 11 mosaic icons in at their death in 1492 . The Greek Cardinal Bessarion gave several icons to Saint Peter 's , Rome , and lent Greek manuscripts to Francesco d'Este to be copied ; d'Este many have had some of Paul II 's icons .
History
From the Renaissance they began to be made in Italy , reaching the height of their popularity in the mid 19th century , when Rome was the centre of production ; there was a Vatican Mosaic Studio from 1576 , set up to create mosaic replicas of the altarpieces in St Peter 's Basilica , which were being damaged by the humid conditions of the vast and crowded interior . They were popular purchases by visitors on the Grand Tour , easily portable , and often taken home to set into an object there . Typical scenes were landscapes of Roman views , rarely of any artistic originality , and the micromosaics were small panels used to inset into furniture or onto snuffboxes and similar objects , or for jewellery . Religious subjects were copied from paintings . The very smallest mosaic pieces come from works from the period between the late 18th century and the end of the 19th . Fortunato Pio Castellani ( 1794–1865 ) expanded the range of subjects in their work in the `` archeological style '' , copying Roman and Early Christian wall-mosaics . It was even imitated by porcelain painters , who painted faint lines across their work to suggest the edges of tesserae .
A distinctive feature of micromosaics is that the tesserae are usually oblong rather than square . The best work can achieve 3,000 to 5,000 tesserae per square inch . The best collections are in the Hermitage Museum and the Gilbert Collection in London . Asia has produced a number of contemporary examples using modern precision machinery to produce the diminutive elements .
Micromosaic jewelry and souvenirs
Wearing micromosaic jewelry became popular during the Grand Tour period ( 17th–19th century ) . Members of rich European families would travel around Europe , taking in the sights and cultures of different countries . Italy was a very popular tourist spot as it had a long and prestigious history in arts and culture — a favourite subject in aristocratic circles . It was also a famous glass producer , and canny Italian craftsmen quickly turned their glass-making skills to making stunning miniature micromosaic pictures for their rich visitors .
Mosaic work jewellery of this period usually depicted famous Italian landmarks such as the Colosseum and St. Peter 's Basilica , though occasionally Roman mythology was a subject too . The richest tourists would commission their own mosaics , with animals and famous works of art being favourite subjects . The small size of the micromosaic was appealing ; micromosaics could be worn on the Grand Tourists ' continuing journey , or sent back home to loved ones as a kind of fore-runner to modern postcards .
Many micromosaics , rather than being sold in Italy , were exported to jewelers in London and Paris to be set into larger pieces .
Micromosaic jewelry fell out of fashion in the 1870s .
Notes
Further reading
Jeanette Hanisee Gabriel , The Gilbert Collection - Micromosaics , Phillip Wilson , London 2000 , Micromosaics : Private Collections , 2016 , , Publisher : Brian McCarthy
Nagel , Alexander , and Wood , Christopher S. , Anachronic Renaissance , 2020 , Zone Books , MIT Press , , google books
Edmund C. Ryder , Micromosaic Icons of the Late Byzantine Period , New York University Dissertation , 2007 .
External links
Roman Micromosaic site ( dead link 22 February 2021 )
Mosaic
Decorative arts
Byzantine mosaics
Czesław Michał Zbierański ( 1885–1982 ) was a Polish engineer , pioneer of Polish aviation , major of Polish Army . In 1910–1911 , with Stanisław Cywiński , they constructed an aircraft with two pairs of wings , the first Polish aircraft constructed partially with metal . In the 1920s , Zbierański was producing cars , motorcycles and rail draisines . They were also a Polonia activist , and founder of an English language book collection of the Aviation Institute in Warsaw ( 1962 ) . They were awarded the 5th Class Virtuti Militari .
Biography
Zbierański was born on 6 December 1885 in Warsaw .
They developed aviation interests after graduating at Lviv Polytechnic . They co-founded Aviators Circles ( ) in which , with Stanisław Cywiński ( who joined to the circles later ) , they planned , designed and constructed an aircraft , Zbierański i Cywiński . The first attempt to fly , in May 1911 , failed . The reason for failure was that a part of the aircraft skin burned . On September 25 , 1911 in Warsaw , Michał Scipio del Campio successfully flew the aircraft for a distance of about 15–20 kilometers in 15 minutes .
During World War I , Zbierański was in Polish Legions . During World War II , they worked on the construction of anti-aircraft warfare , and as a technical supervisor in production of Avro Anson V at the Federal Aircraft Company . Before the end of World War II they moved to U.S. , dying in New York City on 31 May 1982 .
See also
List of aviation pioneers
References
1885 births
1982 deaths
Engineers from Warsaw
Polish aerospace engineers
Combat Organization of the Polish Socialist Party members
Polish legionnaires ( World War I )
Blue Army ( Poland ) personnel
Polish Army officers
Polish aviators
Aviation pioneers
Lviv Polytechnic alumni
Polish emigrants to the United States
Bandhe Hath ( ) is a 1973 Hindi movie produced and written by O. P. Ralhan . The film stars Amitabh Bachchan , Mumtaz , Ajit , O. P. Ralhan , Ranjeet , Madan Puri , Asit Sen , Tun Tun and Pinchoo Kapoor . The film 's music is by R. D. Burman and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri .
The film is a remake of Shammi Kapoor film Mujrim ( 1958 ) .
Synopsis
A thief named Shyamu ( Amitabh Bachchan ) who has made stealing their career decides to go straight after the death of their mentor ( Madan Puri ) . On the run from police for committing a series of robberies in the past , they end up in a village and they come across a poet named Deepak ( also Amitabh Bachchan ) and comes to their aid . Taking advantage of the fact that Deepak is their lookalike they decide to steal their identity by killing him . They back out of killing them however when they discover Deepak is already dying of an illness . After Deepak 's death they decide to steal their identity and informs the police that Deepak is actually the thief Shyamu . However a police inspector ( Ajit Khan ) becomes suspicious that Shyamu is actually alive and masquerading as the poet Deepak .
The change in the life of now Deepak the poet , from Shyamu , is due to a stage artist and dancer , Mala Mumtaz ( actor ) , who is exquisitely beautiful , as a woman and human being , and who falls in love with him , being part of the same stage company , Roop Kala Theatre . For her , they want to finish their old identity fully , but finds that Deepak had a love interest in Rajni ( Kumud Chhugani ) , who is a women 's rights activist and daughter of the same multi millionaire , Seth Harnaam Das , in whose house , they as Shyamu the thief , had committed their last robbery , but had returned all the stolen articles to the police , except for a ring which they had gifted to Mala . They want to retrieve the letters from Rajni , which Deepak had written to her , for fear , that the police will conduct a handwriting test on them with them , and woos Rajni . Mala is taken aback when they find out same , as also the real identity of now Deepak the poet , from Inspector Kumar .
The story evolves into a society eye opener , of the transformation of a human being from the path of crime , to goodness , their re-acceptance in ideological cast , and is a Hindi cinema classic worth watching .
Cast
Amitabh Bachchan as Shyamu / Deepak ( Double Role )
Mumtaz as Mala
Ajit as Inspector Kumar
Kumud Chuggani as Rajni
Anjana Mumtaz as Kamla
Sardar Akhtar as Mala 's Mother
Ram Mohan as Inspector Bedi
O. P. Ralhan as Preetam
Ranjeet as Ranjeet
Madan Puri as Shyamu 's Mentor
Gajanan Jagirdar as Seth Harnamdas
Asit Sen as Roopkala Theatre Owner
Tun Tun as Kavita ( Mala 's Cousin )
Pinchoo Kapoor as Doctor
Soundtrack
References
External links
YouTube link
Films scored by R. D. Burman
1973 films
Remakes of Indian films
1970s Hindi-language films
Justice Witherell may refer to :
Benjamin F. H. Witherell , associate justice of the Michigan Supreme Court
James Witherell , associate justice of the Supreme Court for the Territory of Michigan
Élise Marc ( born 25 October 1987 ) is a French Paralympic cyclist and paratriathlete . They are a two-time World and European champion in the paratriathlon and is a World silver medalist in road cycling . Marc lost their legs following an accident in 2004 .
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Échirolles
French female cyclists
French female triathletes
Paralympic cyclists of France
Paratriathletes of France
Paratriathletes at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Cyclists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Sportspeople from Isère
Cyclists from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Hazarikhil Wildlife Sanctuary is a Wildlife sanctuary at the Ramgarh- Sitakunda forests , 45 km north of the Chittagong port in south-East of Bangladesh . The IUCN protected area category is II .
Description
The terrain is irregular with many ridges protruding into spurs running irregularly . The conditions are moist tropical and mean annual rainfall is . The climatic conditions are typically sub-tropical with a dry spell from November to May . The sanctuary receives heavy rainfall in June–September . The soil is loam , clay loam or sandy loam at different places . The IUCN protected area category is IIC .
History
There are 925 families living inside the sanctuary mostly from the tribal ethnic groups .
Biodiversity
The sanctuary has a Tropical evergreen and semi-evergreen type of forest ; the sanctuary is covered with dense shrubby vegetation with patches of dense forest and Bamboos .
Flora
The forest type is mainly tropical evergreen and semi evergreen . The predominant tree species include Dipterocarpus spp. , Artocarpus chaplasha , Tetrameles nudiflora , Cedrela toona , Mesua ferrea , Eugenia spp. , Ficus spp . and Albizzia procera . The undergrowth in the forest is mainly bamboo species and Eupatorium odorum . There are 478 species of plants identified in the sanctuary . They include 189 tree species , 119 shrubs , 26 climbers , 170 herbs and 2 epiphytes . Some of the rare species rediscovered are Aglaia edulis ( Roxb . ) Wall. , Knema erratica ( Hook.f . and Thom . ) J. Sinclair and Artabotrys caudatus Wall ex Hook.f . and Thom .
Fauna
The commonly found wild animals are Rhesus macaque ( Macaca mulatta ) , Capped langur ( Presbytis pileata ) , Dhole ( Cuon alpinus ) , Wild boar ( Sus scrofa ) , Sloth bear ( Melursus ursinus ) , Hoolock gibbon ( Hylobates hoolock ) . Leopard ( Panthera pardus ) , Indian muntjac ( Muntiacus muntjak ) and Sambar ( Cervus unicolor ) . The reptiles include Indian rock python . The globally near threatened species of Himalayan serow ( Capricornis thar ) is found in the sanctuary . There are 150 species of birds identified in the sanctuary .
See also
List of protected areas of Bangladesh
References
National parks of Bangladesh
Forests of Bangladesh
Lower Gangetic Plains moist deciduous forests
William Brown ( 8 October 1867 – 30 June 1954 ) was an Australian politician .
They were born at Nelsons Plains to farmer Samuel Brown and Elizabeth Parsons . They attended local public schools and farmed some land before moving to Sydney to join a printing partnership . They returned to Raymond Terrace in 1893 to establish the Examiner , which they owned and edited until their death . They married Agnes Partridge , with whom they had three sons . In 1907 they were elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Durham . They held the seat until their defeat in 1917 . Brown died at Raymond Terrace in 1954 .
References
1867 births
1954 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
This is a list of defunct airlines from Austria .
See also
List of airlines of Austria
List of airports in Austria
References
Austria
Airlines
Airlines , defunct
Adam Ferguson ( 1723–1816 ) , Scottish philosopher and historian , `` the father of modern sociology '' .
Adam Ferguson may also refer to :
Sir Adam Ferguson ( British Army officer ) ( 1771–1855 ) , their son , keeper of the regalia in Scotland
Adam Ferguson ( photographer ) ( born 1978 ) , Australian freelance photojournalist
See also
Adam Fergusson ( disambiguation )
2009 Cerezo Osaka season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J . League official site
Cerezo Osaka
Cerezo Osaka seasons
Glenbranter ; is a hamlet on the northwest shore of Loch Eck in the Argyll Forest Park , on the Cowal peninsula , Argyll and Bute in the West of Scotland .
Sir Harry Lauder
Sir Harry Lauder owned a house at Glenbranter , demolished in the 1960s . There is a memorial to their son Captain John Lauder , of the 8th Battalion Argyll & Sutherland Highlanders , in Glenbranter who died 26 December 1916 , during the First World War .
Gallery
References
External links
Argyll Forest Park , Glenbranter
BBC World War I at Home
Captain John Lauder , University of Edinburgh
Villages in Cowal
Highlands and Islands of Scotland
World War II prisoner of war camps in Scotland
Wielkopole may refer to the following places :
Wielkopole , Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Wielkopole , Krasnystaw County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Wielkopole , Włodawa County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Wielkopole , Jędrzejów County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship ( south-central Poland )
Wielkopole , Włoszczowa County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship ( south-central Poland )
Wielkopole , Greater Poland Voivodeship ( west-central Poland )
Illusions : The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah is a novel by writer and pilot Richard Bach . First published in 1977 , the story questions the reader 's view of reality , proposing that what we call reality is merely an illusion we create for learning and enjoyment . Illusions was the author 's follow-up to 1970 's Jonathan Livingston Seagull .
Plot
Illusion revolves around two barnstorming pilots who meet in a field in the Midwestern United States . The two main characters enter into a teacher-student relationship that explains the concept that the world that we inhabit is illusory , as well as the underlying reality behind it :
Donald William Shimoda is a messiah who quits their job after deciding that people value the showbiz-like performance of miracles and want to be entertained by those miracles more than to understand the message behind them . They meet Richard , a fellow barnstorming pilot . Both are in the business of providing short rides—for a few dollars each—in vintage biplanes to passengers from farmers ' fields they find during their travels . Donald initially captures Richard 's attention when a grandfather and granddaughter pair arrive at the makeshift airstrip . Ordinarily it is elders who are cautious and the youngsters who are keen to fly . In this case , however , the grandfather wants to fly but the granddaughter is afraid of flying . Donald explains to the granddaughter that their fear of flying comes from a traumatic experience in a past life , and this calms their fears and they are ready to fly . Observing this greatly intrigues Richard , so Donald begins to pass on their knowledge to him , even teaching Richard to perform `` miracles '' of their own .
The novel features quotes from the Messiah 's Handbook , owned by Shimoda , which Richard later takes as their own . An unusual aspect of this handbook is that it has no page numbers . The reason for this , as Shimoda explains to Richard , is that the book will open to the page on which the reader may find guidance or the answers to doubts and questions in their mind . It is not a magical book ; Shimoda explains that one can do this with any sort of text . The Messiah 's Handbook was released as its own title by Hampton Roads Publishing Company . It mimics the one described in Illusions , with new quotes based on the philosophies in the novel .
Adaptations
An adaptation of Illusions was serialized in the comic strip Best Sellers Showcase running June 19 through July 30 , 1978 .
Director Zack Snyder has cited the book as a major influence on their 2011 film Sucker Punch and their 2021 film Army of the Dead .
2014 sequel
In 2014 , Bach published Illusions II : The Adventures of a Reluctant Student after surviving a serious plane crash .
See also
Simulated reality
Simulated reality in fiction
References
1977 American novels
American philosophical novels
Aviation novels
Works by Richard Bach
The brown-winged schiffornis ( Schiffornis turdina ) , is a species of Neotropical bird in the family Tityridae .
Taxonomy
The brown-winged schiffornis has traditionally been placed in the manakin family , but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae , where it is now placed by the South American Classification Committee .
The species was split by the AOU in 2013 from the species complex thrush-like schiffornis .
Description
It is medium-sized , about 24 cm ( 9 in . ) long . Depending on subspecies , it is overall brownish or olive . The belly is often greyish .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Amazon rainforest and eastern Brazil . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
Howell , Steve N.G. , and Sophie Webb . `` A Guide to the Birds of Mexico and Northern Central America . '' Oxford University Press , New York , 1995 . ( )
Further reading
brown-winged schiffornis
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
brown-winged schiffornis
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Shree Shivapur Higher Secondary School is a higher secondary school located in Makrahar , Rupandehi District , Nepal .
The school celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2011 .
One of the faculty is a member of the Nepal English Language Teachers Association .
References
Rupandehi District
Secondary schools in Nepal
Educational institutions established in 1961
1961 establishments in Nepal
is a museum of traditional Japanese art in Iwakuni , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan . The museum opened in 1963 . The collection includes a National Treasure sword ( of the Nanboku-chō period , with an inscription in gold inlay of Tenshō 13 ( 1585 ) ) and Important Cultural Property armour ( haramaki , also of the Nanboku-chō period ) .
See also
List of National Treasures of Japan ( crafts : swords )
List of Cultural Properties of Japan - paintings ( Yamaguchi )
Yamaguchi Prefectural Museum of Art
Iwakuni Castle , Kintai-kyō
Kikkawa Historical Museum
Iwakuni Chōkokan
References
External links
Iwakuni Art Museum
Iwakuni , Yamaguchi
Museums in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Art museums and galleries in Japan
Museums established in 1963
1963 establishments in Japan
Lai Fang-mei ( born 30 December 1960 ) is an archer who represented Chinese Taipei .
Archery
Lai finished twelfth at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games in the women 's individual event . They also finished eleventh in the women 's team event as part of the Chinese Taipei team as part of the Chinese Taipei team .
At the 1990 Asian Games they won a silver medal in the women 's team event .
In 1992 Lai finished seventh in the women 's individual event beating Nathalie Hibon and Joanna Nowicka before losing to Kim Soo-nyung in the quarterfinals . They finished eleventh in the women 's team event .
References
External links
Profile on worldarchery.org
1960 births
Living people
Taiwanese female archers
Olympic archers of Taiwan
Archers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Archers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Archers at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in archery
Asian Games silver medalists for Chinese Taipei
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
The fulvous-chested jungle flycatcher ( Cyornis olivaceus ) is a species of bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae .
It is found in Brunei , Indonesia , Malaysia , Myanmar , and Thailand .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
This species was previously placed in the genus Rhinomyias but was moved to Cyornis based on the results of a 2010 molecular phylogenetic study .
References
External links
Image at ADW
fulvous-chested jungle flycatcher
Birds of Malesia
fulvous-chested jungle flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Lausanne Congress of 1875 was a historic effort of eleven Supreme Councils to review and reform the Grand Constitutions of The Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry
of 1786 . The Congress took place from 6–22 September 1875 with representation from the Supreme Councils of England ( and Wales ) , Belgium , Cuba , Scotland , France , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Peru , Portugal and the hosting nation , Switzerland . The Scottish representative , who also represented the Supreme Council of Greece , left before the Congress reached its conclusion . On the closing date , nine representatives signed the final Declaration and Treaty .
Although many different aspects were discussed , concerns over the Deistic approach of a belief in a Creative Principle on the one hand and the Theistic approach of a belief in a Supreme Being on the other took such a precedence as to hinder other proceedings , and it was not until 1877 that through mediation of the Swiss Supreme Council a conciliatory position on the matter was reached .
Largely unknown to Freemasons these days , the Lausanne Congress and the events leading up to it , both on the European mainland and in the United States , as well as developments after its conclusion provide a remarkable insight into the politics of Grand Lodge foreign relations .
External links : -
NOTE : The Bernheim Article & Annexes ( 3-10 ) are in French , but are relevant in that they cite extensive correspondence between the English and American Jurisdictions - in English .
THE LAUSANNE CONGRESS . 2011 . THE LAUSANNE CONGRESS . [ ONLINE ] Available at : http : //www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/17carvalho.html . [ Accessed 10 March 2011 ] .
The Politics of Grand Lodge Foreign Relations . 2011 . The Politics of Grand Lodge Foreign Relations . [ ONLINE ] Available at : http : //www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/masonic_foreign_recognitions.html . [ Accessed 10 March 2011 ] .
Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne ( 6-22 septembre 1875 ) . 2011 . Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne ( 6-22 septembre 1875 ) . [ ONLINE ] Available at : http : //www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/bernheim_convent01.html . [ Accessed 10 March 2011 ] .
Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne ( part 2 ) . 2011 . Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne ( part 2 ) . [ ONLINE ] Available at : http : //www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/bernheim_convent02.html . [ Accessed 10 March 2011 ] .
Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne ( part 3 ) . 2011 . Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne ( part 3 ) . [ ONLINE ] Available at : http : //www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/bernheim_convent03.html . [ Accessed 10 March 2011 ] .
Annex 1 - Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne . 2011 . Annex 1 - Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne . [ ONLINE ] Available at : http : //www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/bernheim_convent_annexes01.html . [ Accessed 10 March 2011 ] .
Annex 2 - Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne . 2011 . Annex 2 - Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne . [ ONLINE ] Available at : http : //www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/bernheim_convent_annexes02.html . [ Accessed 10 March 2011 ] .
Annex 3 - Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne . 2011 . Annex 3 - Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne . [ ONLINE ] Available at : http : //www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/bernheim_convent_annexes03.html . [ Accessed 10 March 2011 ] .
Annex 4 - Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne . 2011 . Annex 4 - Le Convent des Supremes Conseils du Rite Ecossais Ancien et Accepte - Lausanne . [ ONLINE ] Available at : http : //www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/bernheim_convent_annexes04.html . [ Accessed 10 March 2011 ] .
Note sur la creation des Supremes Conseils d'Irlande , d'Ecosse et d'Angleterre . 2011 . Note sur la creation des Supremes Conseils d'Irlande , d'Ecosse et d'Angleterre . [ ONLINE ] Available at : http : //www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/bernheim_convent_annexes05.html . [ Accessed 10 March 2011 ] .
Freemasonry
September 1875 events
1875 in Switzerland
1875 conferences
Abu Khashab ( ) is a Syrian town located in Deir ez-Zor District , Deir ez-Zor . According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics ( CBS ) , Abu Khashab had a population of 9,046 in the 2004 census .
Syrian Civil War
On 27 April 2022 , seven people were shot dead and four others were wounded in a massacre committed by Islamic State fighters when they attacked the house of the chief of the relations office of Deir ez-Zor Civil Council in the town .
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
In geometry , the two ears theorem states that every simple polygon with more than three vertices has at least two ears , vertices that can be removed from the polygon without introducing any crossings . The two ears theorem is equivalent to the existence of polygon triangulations . It is frequently attributed to Gary H. Meisters , but was proved earlier by Max Dehn .
Statement of the theorem
An ear of a polygon is defined as a vertex such that the line segment between the two neighbors of lies entirely in the interior of the polygon . The two ears theorem states that every simple polygon has at least two ears .
Ears from triangulations
An ear and its two neighbors form a triangle within the polygon that is not crossed by any other part of the polygon . Removing a triangle of this type produces a polygon with fewer sides , and repeatedly removing ears allows any simple polygon to be triangulated .
Conversely , if a polygon is triangulated , the weak dual of the triangulation ( a graph with one vertex per triangle and one edge per a pair of adjacent triangles ) will be a tree and each leaf of the tree will form an ear . Since every tree with more than one vertex has at least two leaves , every triangulated polygon with more than one triangle has at least two ears . Thus , the two ears theorem is equivalent to the fact that every simple polygon has a triangulation .
Related types of vertex
An ear is called exposed when it forms a vertex of the convex hull of the polygon . However , it is possible for a polygon to have no exposed ears .
Ears are a special case of a principal vertex , a vertex such that the line segment connecting the vertex 's neighbors does not cross the polygon or touch any other vertex of it . A principal vertex for which this line segment lies outside the polygon is called a mouth . Analogously to the two ears theorem , every non-convex simple polygon has at least one mouth . Polygons with the minimum number of principal vertices of both types , two ears and a mouth , are called anthropomorphic polygons .
History and proof
The two ears theorem is often attributed to a 1975 paper by Gary H. Meisters , from which the `` ear '' terminology originated . However , the theorem was proved earlier by Max Dehn ( circa 1899 ) as part of a proof of the Jordan curve theorem . To prove the theorem , Dehn observes that every polygon has at least three convex vertices . If one of these vertices , , is not an ear , then it can be connected by a diagonal to another vertex inside the triangle formed by and its two neighbors ; can be chosen to be the vertex within this triangle that is farthest from line . This diagonal decomposes the polygon into two smaller polygons , and repeated decomposition by ears and diagonals eventually produces a triangulation of the whole polygon , from which an ear can be found as a leaf of the dual tree .
References
External links
Meisters ' Two Ears Theorem , Cut-the-Knot
The Two-Ears Theorem , Godfried Toussaint
Theorems about polygons
QANDA ( stands for ' Q and A ' ) is an AI-based learning platform developed by Mathpresso Inc. , a South Korea-based education technology company . It uses optical character recognition technology to scan math problems and provide step-by-step solutions .
As of 2021 , QANDA has reached no.1 on the education charts in 20 countries , including Japan , Vietnam , Indonesia , and Thailand . QANDA also established global offices in Japan , Vietnam and Indonesia .
As of March 2022 , QANDA solved over 4.5 billion questions . QANDA has 65 million total registered users and reached 13 million monthly active users ( MAU ) in 50 countries .
History
Co-Founder Jongheun ‘ Ray ' Lee first came up with the idea of QANDA during their first-year student year in college . While they were tutoring to earn money , Lee realized that the quality of education a student receives is greatly based on their location . Lee saw their K-12 students were regularly asking similar questions and realized that these questions are from a pre-selected number of textbooks currently being used in schools . They decided to team up with their high school friend , Yongjae ‘ Jake ' Lee to build a platform where by way of using a mobile app to scan and submit questions , students can ask and receive detailed responses . Lee 's school friends , Wonguk Jung and Hojae Jeong , joined the team .
In June 2015 , Mathpresso , Inc. was founded in Seoul , South Korea . Since its inception , it got its backing in Series C funding from investors namely Google , Yellowdog , GGV Capital , Goodwater Capital , KDB , and SKS Private Equity with participation from SoftBank Ventures Asia , Legend Capital , Mirae Asset Venture Investment , and Smilegate Investment .
In January 2016 , Mathpresso 's first product QANDA was launched . It supported a Q & A feature between students and tutors .
In October 2017 , QANDA introduced an AI-based search capability that permitted users to search for answers in seconds .
In June 2021 , QANDA raised $ 50 million in series C funding .
In November 2021 , QANDA secured a strategic investment from Google .
Features
QANDA features OCR-based solution search , one-on-one Q & A tutoring , a study timer , and live classes . The live class feature allows users to ask questions in real-time through comments and get answered immediately by teaching assistants . As of March 2021 , this feature is available in Indonesian , Thai , and Korean ( web ) versions .
In 2021 , QANDA launched additional features , including the premium subscription model that offers unlimited “ byte-sized ” micro-video lectures and the community feature that enhances collaborative learning .
Awards and recognition
Best Hidden Gems of 2017 by Google Playstore
2018 AWS AI Startup Challenge Award
National representative for the Google AI for Social Good APAC 2018
Best Self-Improvement Apps of 2018 by Google Playstore
GSV Edtech 150 — the Most Transformational Growth Companies in Digital Learning
Speaker at the Google App Summit 2021
References
External links
Mathpresso Official Website
QANDA Official website
Mobile applications
Companies based in Seoul
Optical character recognition
Educational technology companies
Educational technology
Applications of artificial intelligence
IOS software
Android ( operating system ) software
Westley Sissel Unseld Jr. ( born September 20 , 1975 ) is an American professional basketball coach who is the head coach for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . They are the son of Wes Unseld , a Basketball Hall of Fame member who was a player , coach , and executive also with Washington .
Early life and education
Unseld was born on September 20 , 1975 , and grew up in Catonsville , Maryland . At a young age , they developed a close attachment to basketball ; their father is Basketball Hall of Fame member Wes Unseld . From the age of five , they were in locker rooms with their father before games , and after drove home with him . As an adult , they remember `` a great family atmosphere in the locker room '' . They played high school basketball as a center at Loyola Blakefield in Towson , Maryland . Their skill set as a center did not carry over to the backcourt , as they continued on with college basketball for four years at Johns Hopkins University , graduating in 1997 .
Coaching career
Washington Wizards ( 2005–2011 )
Unseld went directly from college to the NBA , starting as a personnel scout for the Washington Wizards , working for their father who was general manager . They had planned to go to graduate school after graduation but decided to give basketball one year to see if they would enjoy it . In their ninth year , after eight years of personnel and advance scouting , they were promoted to assistant coach . Unseld has been given credit for creating Washington 's offensive game plan , which led to three consecutive top-ten offensive seasons from 2004 to 2007 . They also worked as a scout and assistant coach for the Washington Mystics of the WNBA .
Golden State Warriors ( 2011–2012 )
In 2011 , Unseld Jr. left the Wizards for the Golden State Warriors after being denied a position as a front row bench coach .
Orlando Magic ( 2012–2015 )
After one season with the Warriors , Unseld went to the Orlando Magic as an assistant coach in 2012 . After a 15–37 start to the 2014–2015 season Unseld was fired , along with coach Jacque Vaughn , in February , 2015 .
Denver Nuggets ( 2015–2021 )
When their lifelong friend , Tim Connelly , became general manager of the Denver Nuggets in 2015 , they offered Unseld a job as an assistant coach . In 2016 they were made lead assistant coach . Their special assignment had been to manage a defense that had been poor ; the Nuggets went from 28th in defense in 2017–18 to 10th in the 2018–19 season . They have been credited with the development of Nikola Jokić , Jamal Murray , and Michael Porter Jr . In 2019 , they interviewed for the vacant Cleveland Cavaliers head coaching job , but did not get the job . From 2018 until 2021 , Denver ranked among the top six in defensive efficiency .
Return to the Wizards ( 2021–present )
Unseld Jr. signed a four-year contract to become the head coach of the Washington Wizards on July 17 , 2021 .
Personal life
Unseld is married with two children . The family resides in Potomac , Maryland .
Head coaching record
|-
| align= '' left '' |Washington
| align= '' left '' |
|82||35||47|||| align= '' center '' |4th in Southeast||—||—||—||—
| align= '' center '' |Missed playoffs
|-class= '' sortbottom ''
| align= '' center '' colspan= '' 2 '' |Career
|82||35||47|||| ||-||-||-||||
References
1975 births
Living people
African-American basketball coaches
American men 's basketball coaches
Basketball coaches from Maryland
Basketball players from Maryland
Denver Nuggets assistant coaches
Golden State Warriors assistant coaches
Johns Hopkins Blue Jays men 's basketball players
Loyola Blakefield alumni
Orlando Magic assistant coaches
People from Catonsville , Maryland
People from Towson , Maryland
Sportspeople from Baltimore County , Maryland
Washington Wizards assistant coaches
Washington Wizards head coaches
The 1962 Vermont Catamounts football team was an American football team that represented the University of Vermont in the Yankee Conference during the 1962 NCAA College Division football season . In their first year under head coach Bob Clifford , the team compiled a 3–5 record .
Schedule
References
Vermont
Vermont Catamounts football seasons
Vermont Catamounts football
Groton is a town in Tompkins County , New York , United States . The population was 5,950 at the 2010 census . The name is taken from Groton , Massachusetts .
The Town of Groton contains a village , also called Groton . The town is in the northeast corner of the county and is northeast of Ithaca .
As well as a village , the Town of Groton also includes a former school , Groton High School , which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 .
History
Groton was in the former Central New York Military Tract .
The town was formed in 1817 , before the formation of Tompkins County , from the Town of Locke ( in Cayuga County ) as the `` Town of Division . '' Many of the early residents from New England elected to change the name to `` Groton . ''
In 1888 , the community of Groton separated from the town by incorporating as a village . Groton was also home to the original Corona Typewriter Company which later merged to form Smith Corona .
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of . of it is farmland and of it ( 0.10 % ) is water .
The north town line is the border of Cayuga County , and the east side town line is the border of Cortland County . The southern border is with the Town of Dryden and the western border with the Town of Lansing .
Groton is in the Finger Lakes region of central New York State .
North-south New York State Route 38 intersects New York State Route 222 at Groton village . New York State Route 34B is an east-west highway by the south town line .
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 5,794 people , 2,168 households , and 1,543 families residing in the town . The population density was 116.9 people per square mile ( 45.1/km2 ) . There were 2,287 housing units at an average density of 46.2 per square mile ( 17.8/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the town was 97.38 % White , 0.64 % Black or African American , 0.09 % Native American , 0.24 % Asian , 0.26 % from other races , and 1.40 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.79 % of the population .
There were 2,168 households , out of which 35.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.9 % were married couples living together , 10.6 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.8 % were non-families . 23.1 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 9.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.09 .
In the town , the population was spread out , with 28.1 % under the age of 18 , 6.4 % from 18 to 24 , 28.7 % from 25 to 44 , 23.9 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.8 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females , there were 95.9 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.1 males .
The median income for a household in the town was $ 42,407 , and the median income for a family was $ 50,057 . Males had a median income of $ 31,890 versus $ 23,642 for females . The per capita income for the town was $ 18,075 . About 4.8 % of families and 6.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 7.3 % of those under age 18 and 4.8 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 Census
As of the census of 2020 , there were 5,746 people , 2,372 households , and —- families residing in the town . The population density was 115.98 people per square mile ( 44.78/km2 ) . There were 2,561 housing units at an average density of 51.69 per square mile ( 19.95/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the town was 88.06 % White , 1.02 % Black or African American , 0.29 % Native American , 0.71 % Asian , 1.53 % from other races , and 8.37 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.72 % of the population . An estimated 18.0 % were of German ancestry , 13.3 % English , 12.3 % Irish , and 7.8 % Italian .
There were 2,372 households , out of which 36.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.5 % were married couples living together , 18.8 % had a female householder with no spouse/partner present , and 15.9 % had a male householder with no spouse/ partner present . The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.86 .
In the town , the population was spread out , with 22.7 % under the age of 18 , 6.4 % from 18 to 24 , 34.8 % from 15 to 44 , and 14.2 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 39.7 years .
The median income for a household in the town was $ 59,625 , and the median income for a family was $ 77,738 . The per capita income for the town was $ 29,571 . About 5.5 % of the population is below the poverty line , including 4.3 % of those under age 18 and 6.8 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities and locations in the Town of Groton
Benson Corners – A location in the southwest part of the town .
Carey Corners – A location northeast of Fitts Corners .
Fitts Corners – A hamlet near the south town line .
Groton – The Village of Groton at NY-38 and NY-222 .
Groton City – a partial ghost town in the northeast part of Groton on County Road 103 . It has about 10-20 residents and was formerly known as `` Slab City . ''
Grotto – A hamlet in the southeast part of the town .
Harts Corners – A location on the south town line , south of Fitts Corners .
Lafayette Corners – A hamlet east of Groton village on NY-222 .
Ludlow Corners – A location in the southwest part of Groton .
McLean – A hamlet in the southeast part of the town .
Morton Corners – A hamlet northeast of Groton village .
Mosher Corners – A hamlet west of Groton village on NY-222 .
Mud Schoolhouse Corners – A location in the southeast part of Groton on County Road 180 .
Nubia – A hamlet south of Lafayette Corners .
Peruton – A hamlet at the south town line .
Peruville – A hamlet near the south town line . Mayor Jacob K Becker currently residing .
Pierson Corners – A location east of West Groton .
Pleasant Valley – A hamlet in the southwest part of Groton .
Stevens Corners – A location north of McLean .
West Groton – A hamlet in the northwest corner of Groton .
Notable people
David Bradley , plowman and business person , was born in Groton .
Sylvester Pennoyer , former governor of Oregon , was born in Groton .
Terrence C. Graves , Medal of Honor recipient , grew up in Groton .
References
External links
Town of Groton , NY
Groton City
Towns in Tompkins County , New York
Populated places established in 1817
1817 establishments in New York ( state )
is a Japan-exclusive racing game for the PlayStation . It is the sequel to TomaRunner and includes members of the Japanese band L'Arc-en-Ciel as playable characters .
Each member of the band voices the in-game characters themselves . The L'Arc-en-Ciel songs that play within the game are `` Driver 's High '' , `` Stay Away '' , `` Route 666 '' , `` Trick '' , and `` Niji '' .
The game was popular enough to receive a PS one Books re-release on December 21 , 2001 .
References
External links
Gekitotsu Toma L'Arc : TomaRunner vs L'Arc-en-Ciel at PlayStation.com
Promotional flyer at Giant Bomb
2000 video games
Band-centric video games
Japan-exclusive video games
L'Arc-en-Ciel
PlayStation ( console ) games
PlayStation ( console ) -only games
Racing video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games developed in Japan
The following is a list of entomological journals and magazines :
References
Lists of academic journals
Zoology-related lists
Entomology journals
Momoty Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Momoty Dolne
The Henschel-Wegmann Train was an advanced passenger express train operated by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in Germany , which ran non-stop express services between Berlin and Dresden ( see Berlin–Dresden railway ) from June 1936 to August 1939 . Both the DRG Class 61 steam locomotive at its head and the coaches were streamlined .
Emergence
Context
At the beginning of the 1930s , the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft was increasingly striving to introduce express train services . In 1931 it started building express diesel units like the Flying Hamburger and they were introduced with great success from 1933 onwards . As a result , a serious competitor had arisen for the steam locomotive industry . Moreover , the Reichsbahn had hardly procured any locomotives since the start of the Great Depression . Comparative calculations indicated that steam engines could be more cost-effective than the new diesel multiple units , so the head of the locomotive firm , Henschel-Werke , in Kassel , and its manager , Karl Imfeld , decided to develop an engine that could compete with the performance of the new diesel railcars .
Planning
In April 1933 , representatives from Henschel and the coach firm of Wegmann & Co. handed a Study Into A High-Speed Steam Train ( Studie über einen schnellfahrenden Dampfzug ) to the general manager of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft , Julius Dorpmüller . This report envisaged a light , 4-4-2 , superheated , tank locomotive with a two-coach unit , whose procurement and maintenance costs were low and which also offered passengers greater comfort . In order to minimise air resistance , the whole train would be streamlined and the double-coach rounded off at both ends . The locomotive , its streamlining extending at the back over the coal tank , would be able to push or pull from either end of the double-coach depending on the direction of travel . The link between engine and coaches would be an automatic coupling with brake and air pipes .
On 10 January 1934 , when the Reichsbahn locomotive expert , Friedrich Fuchs , met the representatives of Henschel and Wegmann , they confronted them however with a proposal for a train with four eight-wheeled coaches instead of the two-coach train . To meet this new requirement , Henschel designed a 4-6-4 tank engine and presented the resulting project study report on 27 March 1934 to the Reichsbahn head office . On 28 August , the Reichsbahn officially contracted Henschel and Wegmann to build the train .
Construction
The engine was handed over on 31 May 1935 . They were cleared for a top speed of 175 km/h which , with their 2.3 metre diameter driving wheels , was easily attained . In scheduled services the engine ran with a streamlined train , but only at speeds up to 160 km/h . The tapered water tanks gave both driver and firefighter a good all-round view of the line and the streamlined shell , officially called a Blechmantel , covered the driving gear fully .
At around 230,000 Reichsmarks the engine was clearly more expensive than initially suggested . But that included all the design changes . By comparison a production version of the DRG Class 03 cost about 200,000 Reichsmarks . On top of that was the cost of the four coaches , 446,800 Reichsmarks . Three years later , a three-coach express unit of the `` Köln '' type , in series production , cost 600,000 Reichsmarks , the one-off SVT 135 155 as much as a million Reichsmarks .
Shortly after construction had begun on locomotive 61 001 , a variant - number 61 002 - was planned , and built in 1939 . Locomotive 61 002 was give a three-axle trailing bogie , a third cylinder and larger coal and water tanks , otherwise the design and the components were the same as their predecessor . It also had smoke deflectors above on the chimney , as were also fitted to the streamlined locomotives of DRG Classes 01.10 and 03.10 . In May the first factory trial runs were carried out and the locomotive was transferred on 12 June 1939 to the locomotive depot ( Bahnbetriebswerk ) of Berlin-Grunewald .
Vehicle designation and equipment
The Henschel-Wegmann train comprised the following :
Steam locomotive 61 001 ; a streamlined tank locomotive with a 4-6-4 configuration , inside cylinders and 2.30 metre high driving wheels . Permitted top speed : 175 km/h ;
A trailer car ( SBC 4ü-35 ) with 24 seats in 2nd and 32 seats in 3rd class , as well as four rotating seats in the panorama section at the end ;
Two centre cars ( SBC 4ü ) with 12 seats in 2nd and 56 seats in 3rd class .
A trailer car ( SWRPwPost 4ü ) with a compartment for sorting post and packages during the journey as well as a dining area with 23 seats .
Externally the coaches resembled the express multiple units of those years . In order to achieve the desired speed , they were of light construction and were five to ten tonnes lighter than normal passenger coaches .
The short-coupled coaches could only be separated in the workshop . To couple the locomotive and coaches Scharfenberg couplers were fitted that at the same time served to couple the brake air pipes . The trailer cars had rounded ends and sloping roofs . The bogies were of the Görlitz III type , the wheelsets ran on roller bearings . Instead of the usual brake blocks the coaches were given disc brakes , that acted directly on the wheel discs .
Operation
Exhibition of the vehicles
The Henschel-Wegmann train was initially displayed at the Great Exhibition celebrating the centenary of the German Railways from 14 July to 13 October 1935 in Nuremberg and then went to the Kassel shop for further work . On 29 November the vehicles were once again in Nuremberg for the centenary parade , where they hosted a visit to the driver 's cab by Hitler . Not until these propaganda events had taken place could the engineers test its performance .
Trial runs
On the Berlin-Hamburg railway it reached its record speed of 185 km/h . At this speed serious juddering occurred due to the imbalance caused by the twin-cylinder configuration . The locomotive reached its scheduled cruising speed of 160 km/h within six minutes . By 14 May 1936 the engine had completed almost 21,000 km of trial runs .
Scheduled Service
As the summer timetable of 1936 came into force , the Henschel-Wegmann train worked the Berlin-Dresden line with two pairs of trains per day . The fastest service took one hour and 40 minutes to cover the distance and broke the previous record by 28 minutes ; a record which stands to the present day ( 2018 ) . In the official calculations the Reichsbahn only measured its speed between Berlin and Dresden Neustadt , thus ignoring the last kilometres to Dresden Hauptbahnhof . Thus the average speed of the train could be advertised as 111,2 km/h .
The short turn-around time in Dresden between the D 54 and D 57 services was clearly quite tight . As it turned out , the locomotive not only had to run around the train , but also to replenish its supplies . Fortunately it did not have to be turned . This problem with the turn-around time was corrected by the Reichsbahn in the winter timetable of 1936 . When locomotive 61 001 or its coaches were not available an engine of DRG Class 01 or DRG Class 03 was used . With their top speeds of 130 and 140 km/h , however they were no match for the 61 001 .
Passengers only had to pay an express train supplement , not the higher long-distance ( FD ) supplementary fare , as in the express multiple units .
End of the Train
In the Second World War
Shortly before the invasion of Poland in August 1939 , express services between the two state capitals were withdrawn . The coaches ended up in the Wehrmacht , where they were initially used by high-ranking officers and , later , for transporting the wounded , after their interior fittings had been removed .
Locomotive 61 001 was then used as a heating engine at the Berlin-Grunewald locomotive depot ( Bahnbetriebswerk ) in Berlin . From December 1940 it was once again being used in Dresden-Altstadt on express services and in November 1942 was given standard train and buffer equipment . Its operating parameters only showed a slight reduction in performance however . From 1943 to the war 's end the repair shop ( Ausbesserungswerk ) at Brunswick was responsible for the engine .
Inspection and licensing for 61 002 was probably carried out around the turn of the year 1939/40 , and it was then no longer used in scheduled services in charge of the Henschel-Wegmann train . That affected a fifth coach built around 1940 , that was based in Hamburg-Langenfelde in 1946 together with the other four coaches .
After the War
Blauer Enzian ( Blue Gentian )
After the Second World War the coaches were taken over by the Deutsche Bundesbahn and , in 1954 after conversion by the firm of Wegmann , operated as a train with second class compartments . Later , following the internationally agreed changeover to a two-class system between 1956 and 1959 , the coaches were operated as a first class train under the name Blauer Enzian ( Blue Gentian or Gentiana verna ) , forming the long-distance express service F55/56 between Hamburg and Munich . The train offered the highest levels of comfort . Wegmann converted the former 3rd class compartments in pairs to create larger compartments and the interior was enhanced with swivel chairs . The five coaches of the historic train were only sufficient however for running a single train per day in one direction . The train in the other direction was therefore made up of two saloon cars ( one of them from the Hermann Göring train ) , two unconverted F-Zug dining cars and a trailer car similar to those of the Henschel-Wegmann Train . From April 1959 , however , only new , modern coaches were used . Despite all claims that one trailer car remains today , all five original coaches were retired and scrapped in 1962 . The trailer car with its observation compartment , which has been incorrectly assumed to be the original trailer car , comes from the second Blauer Enzian train , that had been specifically built for that service . Today it is in the collection of the Nuremberg Transport Museum .
Locomotive 61 001
At the end of the war , locomotive 61 001 found itself in the British Zone and was allocated to the Hanover locomotive depot . Between July 1945 and March 1946 it clocked up 40,000 kilometres in front of passenger trains . In 1947 a general inspection was completed , and on 23 October 1948 the engine was stationed in Bebra , where it was in regular service until May 1949 . After a pause , it resumed work from November 1950 covering 3,000 to 10,000 kilometres per month . On 2 November 1951 the engine was badly damaged in an accident at Münster ; as a result it was retired on 14 November 1952 and scrapped in 1957 .
Locomotive 61 002
Locomotive 61 002 remained in Dresden and was employed on passenger train duties . As a one-off it created problems for traffic operating staff . However , for the Test and Development Centre for Engineering ( VES-M under Max Baumberg ) it was of interest as a trial engine for speeds over 160 km/h . It was converted in 1961 by the Deutsche Reichsbahn of East Germany at the workshop in Meiningen into a high-speed trial locomotive with a tender and the running number 18 201 . With a new-design boiler , outer cylinders from the trials locomotive , H 45 024 , and a new welded inner cylinder ( the original cylinders were designed for a steam pressure of 20 bar and had too small a bore for the new , 16 bar boiler ) and the carrying axle from the high-pressure locomotive , H 45 024 , they attained speeds of up to 180 km/h .
In 2002 , number 18 201 was completely overhauled in the Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works and has since been in the possession of Dampf-Plus owned by Christian Goldschagg and Axel Zwingenberger .
Stamps
On 5 October 2006 the German post office , Deutsche Post , issued a charity stamp series of four stamps , which included a stamp of the Henschel-Wegmann train for 145+55 Eurocents depicting locomotive 61 001 .
See also
There was another example of a streamlined train rake using the DRG Class 60 and the double-decker , streamlined , push-pull train on the Lübeck-Büchen railway .
References
External links
Henschel-Wegmann Train ( Blog posting )
High-speed trains of Germany
High-speed rail in Germany
Named passenger trains of Germany
German streamliner trains
Kakrala Bhaika is a large village located in the Patiala district of the Indian state of Punjab . The population was 7165 as of the 2011 census . Kakrala Bhaika is 110 km from Chandigarh and 37 km from Patiala . Bhaika is known for Kabbadi .
Education
The schools are DAV Public sr . sec. , St. Lawrence English School , Public Girls School & No Coolege , Petrol Pumps , and the main Mandi ( Anaj Mandi ) . 4 Gurudwaras and Temples of Shiv Ji , Hanuman , and Lakshmi Devi & Vishavkarma
References
Villages in Patiala district
10252 Heidigraf , provisional designation , is a Koronian asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt , approximately in diameter . It was discovered during the Palomar–Leiden Trojan survey on 26 March 1971 , by Ingrid and Cornelis van Houten at Leiden , and Tom Gehrels at Palomar Observatory in California , United States . The likely elongated S-type asteroid has a brightness variation of 0.56 magnitude . It was named after Heidi Graf , a former Head of the ESTEC Communications Office .
Orbit and classification
Heidigraf is a core member of the Koronis family ( ) , a very large outer asteroid family of six thousand known members with nearly co-planar ecliptical orbits . It orbits the Sun in the outer main-belt at a distance of 2.7–3.1 AU once every 4 years and 10 months ( 1,760 days ; semi-major axis of 2.85 AU ) . Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.07 and an inclination of 2° with respect to the ecliptic . The body 's observation arc begins at Palomar on 24 March 1971 , two nights prior to its official discovery observation .
Palomar–Leiden Trojan survey
The survey designation `` T-1 '' stands for the first Palomar–Leiden Trojan survey , named after the fruitful collaboration of the Palomar and Leiden Observatory in the 1960s and 1970s . Gehrels used Palomar 's Samuel Oschin telescope ( also known as the 48-inch Schmidt Telescope ) , and shipped the photographic plates to Ingrid and Cornelis van Houten at Leiden Observatory where astrometry was carried out . The trio is credited with the discovery of several thousand asteroid discoveries .
Physical characteristics
Heidigraf is an assumed stony S-type asteroid , which is the overall spectral type of the Koronis family .
Rotation period
In January 2014 , astronomers at the Palomar Transient Factory observed Heidigraf photometrically in the R-band during which it showed a brightness amplitude of 0.56 magnitude , indicative for a non-spheroidal shape . However no rotational lightcurve could be constructed and its rotation period remains unknown .
Diameter and albedo
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA 's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer , Heidigraf measures 5.782 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.331 and 0.4007 , respectively . The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes an albedo of 0.24 and calculates a diameter of 5.15 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 13.61 .
Naming
This minor planet was named after Heidi Graf ( born 1941 ) , former Head of the European Space Research and Technology Centre ( ESTEC ) Communications Office from 1977 to 2006 at the European Space Agency , ESA . The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 9 November 2006 ( ) .
References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database ( LCDB ) , query form ( info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names , Google books
Discovery Circumstances : Numbered Minor Planets ( 10001 ) - ( 15000 ) – Minor Planet Center
010252
Discoveries by Cornelis Johannes van Houten
Discoveries by Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld
Discoveries by Tom Gehrels
4164
Minor planets named for people
Named minor planets
19710326
Diamond Shumsher Rana ( 5 July 1918 – 11 March 2011 ) was a Nepali writer and political activist known for their acclaimed novels Basanti and Seto Bagh .
Life and career
They were born at Tansen Durbar in Palpa , where their grandfather , Sher Shumsher Jung Bahadur Rana , was governor . Their father Buddha Shumsher Jung Bahadur Rana was a colonel in the Royal Nepal Army . Rana enjoyed a privileged upbringing and was a captain in the Royal Nepal Army .
In 1948 Rana travelled to Benaras , India and had their first novel Basanti published . In Nepal , they had aligned themselves with an anti-establishment faction of the Rana regime and was arrested , court-martialled and sentenced to death but was later freed after members of the Rana family pressured the regime for their release Rana later joined the political opposition and was a member of the Nepali Congress Party from 1954 to 1987 .
Bibliography
Basanti ( 1948 )
Seto Bagh ( 1970 )
Anita
Griha Prabesh
Satprayas ( Sequel to Seto Bagh )
Pratibaddha
Dhanko Dhabba
References
1918 births
2011 deaths
People from Palpa District
Nepalese male writers
Nepali-language writers
Nepalese male novelists
Nepalese politicians
20th-century novelists
Jagadamba Shree Puraskar winners
The Cuban pine forests are a tropical coniferous forest ecoregion on the Caribbean islands of Cuba and Isla de la Juventud . They cover an area of , occurring in separate sections in eastern Cuba and western Cuba and Isla de la Juventud .
Description
Pine forests are found primarily in well-drained , nutrient-poor , acidic soils such as quartziferous sands , pseudo-spodosols in the west , and lateritic soils . Pine trees and encino ( Quercus sagraeana ) obtain nutrients through an ectomycorrhizal symbiosis with fungi , allowing them to attain tree size . The forests feature a dense xerophytic brushy story of mainly Rubiaceae , Euphorbiaceae , Myrtaceae , and Melastomataceae along with a herbaceous story of a few epiphytes , primarily from the genus Tillandsia , and lianas . Secondary forests formed by deforestation have a more open canopy with an understory dominated by Comocladia dentata ; grasses , lianas and epiphytes are poorly represented .
Western pine forests
Western pine forests are found in the northern and southern plains surrounding the Sierra de los Órganos in Pinar del Río Province and on the northern half of Isla de la Juventud . Annual precipitation is less than , with a dry season from November to April and a rainy season from May to October . The temperature ranges from , averaging , and is somewhat less at higher elevations . Pino macho ( Pinus caribaea var . caribaea ) , which may reach heights of up to , and pino hembra ( Pinus tropicalis ) dominate the canopy . Other species such include peralejo ( Byrsonima crassifolia ) , palma barrigona ( Colpothrinax wrightii ) , icaco ( Chrysobalanus icaco var . hellocarpus ) , encino ( Quercus sagraeana ) , Calophyllum pinetorum , Erythroxylum minutifolium , Phania cajalbanica , Vaccinium cubense , Hyperbaena columbica , Clusia rosea , Copernicia species , yuraguano ( Coccothrinax yuraguana ) , Aristida species and Andropogon species . Ferritic soils in Pinar del Río , such as in the Cajálbana plateau , are home to Pinus caribaea var . caribaea and an understory rich in endemic species . Mixed pine forests develop over oligotrophic quartzitic yellow soils in northern Pinar del Río province and Isla de la Juventud . They feature Pinus caribaea var . caribaea , P. tropicalis , and , possibly , Quercus sagraeana . Dry , rocky pine forests found on the southern side of the Cajálbana plateau include pines , thorny scrublands , and Agave cajalbanensis , an endemic succulent .
Eastern pine forests
Small patches of pine forest occur around the Sierra Cristal , Nipe-Sagua-Baracoa Mountains , and Sierra Maestra . These forests are found at higher elevations than western pine forests , up to , making them cooler and wetter . Consequently , some of the vegetation resembles that of the rainforests , with an abundance of ferns . Pino de la Maestra ( Pinus maestrensis ) predominates in the Sierra Maestra , developing on landslide areas over granitic rock , while the Pino de Mayarí ( Pinus cubensis ) predominates in the Nipe-Sagua-Baracoa . Some accompanying species in these forests are the griñapo ( Dracaena cubensis ) , Eupatorium spp. , Myrtus spp. , Baccharis spp. , Jacaranda arborea and Eugenia pinetorum .
Fauna
Endemic birds include the olive-capped warbler ( Dendroica pityophila ) , Cuban kite ( Chondrohierax wilsonii ) , Cuban trogon ( Priotelus temnurus ) , Cuban amazon , ( Amazona leucocephala ) and Cuban tody ( Todus multicolor ) . The Cuban ivory-billed woodpecker ( Campephilus principalis bairdii ) may remain in eastern pine forests , but is probably extinct .
References
Tropical and subtropical coniferous forests
Ecoregions of the Caribbean
Ecoregions of Cuba
Natural history of Cuba
Neotropical ecoregions
Freedom 's Way National Heritage Area is a federally designated National Heritage Area encompassing portions of northern Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire . The heritage area includes sites significant to the American Revolution , cultural sites associated with Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau , and Native American sites . The heritage area seeks to preserve the region 's landscape and historic structures .
The National Heritage Area includes Minute Man National Historical Park , portions of Middlesex and Worcester counties in Massachusetts , and portions of Hillsborough County , New Hampshire , an area including a total of 45 communities in the two states . The designated area also includes portions of Great Meadows National Wildlife Refuge .
Freedom 's Way National Heritage Area was established by the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 .
References
External links
Freedom 's Way National Heritage Area website
National Heritage Areas of the United States
Protected areas established in 2009
2009 establishments in Massachusetts
2009 establishments in New Hampshire
Protected areas of Middlesex County , Massachusetts
Protected areas of Worcester County , Massachusetts
Protected areas of Hillsborough County , New Hampshire
Minute Man National Historical Park
American Revolutionary War sites in Massachusetts
American Revolutionary War sites
David Gonzalez ( born 29 December 1974 ) is an Australian handball player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
References
1974 births
Living people
Australian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Santander , Spain
Fort Valley is a census-designated place in the southern portion of Coconino County in the state of Arizona , United States . Fort Valley is located very close to the city of Flagstaff . The population as of the 2010 U.S. Census was 779 .
Demographics
History
Fort Valley is a historical settlement at the base of Mt . Agassiz in Flagstaff , Arizona . It gained its name as a fort that was established to defend against Apache tribes although it was never actually used . Wagon trains migrating from the east came upon Flagstaff and settled here . Many of the old settlements can still be seen today . The primary motivation for this settlement was logging as was true for the rest of Flagstaff . The ponderosa pine forest supplied abundant amounts of timber which were then transported via railroad .
The first Fort Valley settlers were Laura and William Murphy in 1881 , they belonged to the church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints . After these first settlers many more followed . Eventually a small community was developed and Fort Valley became a ranching hub in northern Arizona . As ranching took hold in Fort Valley the effect on the environment was devastating . Water sources such as Leroux spring ran dark with silt and the land was becoming a victim of overgrazing . In 1908 Gustaf Adolf Pearson arrived in Fort Valley as a member of the forest service and began to revive the area .
Fort Valley was also a popular hub for the scientific community to collect data on recently obtained land in the Southwest . Because of the unique combination of a desert and a mountain environment the area was particularly interesting for geologists , paleontologists , and scientists alike .
Present
Fort Valley remains a settlement today . The suburb of Flagstaff Arizona still holds a number of small farms and ranches . The Leroux spring has been taken over by the city of Flagstaff and the city is considering it as a potential water source . Fort Valley remains a wide open meadow at the base of what is now Snowbowl Road . Much of the past wildlife such as deer , herons , and elk remain in the area .
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system , Fort Valley has a dry-summer humid continental climate , abbreviated `` Dsb '' on climate maps .
References
Further reading
External links
Census-designated places in Coconino County , Arizona
Census-designated places in Arizona
Allocasuarina media is a shrub of the genus Allocasuarina native to Victoria .
The shrub typically grows to a height of with woody penultimate branchlets that have smooth bark . The branchlets are ascending with a length of approximately . The species is confined to a small area along the southern coast of Victoria .
References
External links
Occurrence data for Allocasuarina media from The Australasian Virtual Herbarium
media
Flora of Victoria ( Australia )
Fagales of Australia
Black Canyon Wilderness can refer to :
Black Canyon Wilderness ( Nevada )
Black Canyon Wilderness ( Oregon )
Black Canyon of the Gunnison Wilderness , Colorado
See also
Black Canyon Wilderness Study Area ( disambiguation )
Derbyshire County Cricket Club in 1950 was the cricket season when the English club Derbyshire had been playing for seventy-nine years . It was their forty-sixth season in the County Championship and they won eight matches in the County Championship to finish in fifth place .
1950 season
Derbyshire played 28 matches in the County Championship , one against Oxford University and one against the touring West Indies . Pat Vaulkhard was captain . Alan Revill scored most runs , and Albert Rhodes took most wickets with 125 .
Guy Willatt joined Derbyshire as designated captain but was hampered by injury and did not fill the role until the following season . Derek Morgan who also joined was another future captain and played until 1969 . A third key played making their debut was Arnold Hamer who scored over 15,000 runs over ten years . John Kelly joined Derbyshire from Lancashire and played for ten years and Alwyn Eato a former footballer played for five years . Bertram Richardson played for four years , and Mike Stevenson who was at Cambridge University played occasional games in two seasons .
Matches
{ | class= '' wikitable '' width= '' 100 % ''
! bgcolor= '' # efefef '' colspan=6 | List of matches
|- bgcolor= '' # efefef ''
! No .
! Date
! V
! Result
! Margin
! Notes
|-
|1
| 10 May 1950
| SurreyKennington Oval
|bgcolor= '' # FF0000 '' |Lost
| 4 wickets
| HL Jackson 5-41 ; Laker 5-57
|-
|2
|13 May 1950
| Northamptonshire County Ground , Derby
|bgcolor= '' # 00FF00 '' |Won
| 6 wickets
| AC Revill 108
|-
|3
| 20 May 1950
| SomersetQueen 's Park , Chesterfield
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
| Hazell 6-76 ; AEG Rhodes 5-14
|-
|4
| 24 May 1950
| Middlesex Lord 's Cricket Ground , St John 's Wood
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
|
|-
|5
| 27 May 1950
| Warwickshire County Ground , Derby
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
| Dollery 163 ; Pritchard 6-78
|-
|6
| 31 May 1950
| LeicestershireGrace Road , Leicester
|bgcolor= '' # FF0000 '' |Lost
| 4 wickets
| Tompkin 130 ; AC Revill 119 ; Lester 6-87
|-
|7
| 03 Jun 1950
| Yorkshire Park Avenue Cricket Ground , Bradford
|bgcolor= '' # 00FF00 '' |Won
| 79 runs
| D Smith 122 ; Len Hutton 107 ; AEG Rhodes 6-74
|-
| 8
| 07 Jun 1950
| WorcestershireRutland Recreation Ground , Ilkeston
|bgcolor= '' # 00FF00 '' |Won
| 65 runs
| HL Jackson 6-57
|-
|9
| 10 Jun 1950
| Oxford University The University Parks , Oxford
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
| PDS Blake 101 ; AEG Rhodes 7-68
|-
|10
| 14 Jun 1950
| Glamorgan The Gnoll , Neath
|bgcolor= '' # FF0000 '' |Lost
| 92 runs
| HL Jackson 5-38 and 6-63 ; Trick 5-18
|-
|11
| 17 Jun 1950
| Gloucestershire Ashley Down Ground , Bristol
|bgcolor= '' # FF0000 '' |Lost
| 81 runs
| Young 117 ; HL Jackson 6-37 ; Cook 6-82 ; Goddard 7-42
|-
| 12
| 21 Jun 1950
| Glamorgan County Ground , Derby
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
|
|-
| 13
| 24 Jun 1950
| Lancashire Park Road Ground , Buxton
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
| Ikin 103 ; Tattershall 6-46 ;
|-
| 14
| 28 Jun 1950
| Yorkshire Queen 's Park , Chesterfield
|bgcolor= '' # FF0000 '' |Lost
| 7 wickets
| Halliday 144 ; AEG Rhodes 5-82
|-
|15
| 01 Jul 1950
| Nottinghamshire Rutland Recreation Ground , Ilkeston
|bgcolor= '' # FF0000 '' |Lost
| 1 wicket
| CS Elliott 158 ; Jepson 5-68
|-
|16
| 05 Jul 1950
| WorcestershireCounty Ground , New Road , Worcester
|bgcolor= '' # FF0000 '' |Lost
| 4 wickets
| Jenkins 7-31 ; P Jackson 7-107
|-
|17
| 08 Jul 1950
| Lancashire Old Trafford , Manchester
|bgcolor= '' # 00FF00 '' |Won
| 83 runs
| AC Revill 109 ; AEG Rhodes 5-79 ; Tattershall 5-72
|-
| 18
| 12 Jul 1950
| Hampshire County Ground , Derby
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
| TA Hall 5-60
|-
| 19
| 15 Jul 1950
| West Indies Queen 's Park , Chesterfield
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
| C Gladwin 6-40
|-
| 20
| 22 Jul 1950
| Essex Queen 's Park , Chesterfield
|bgcolor= '' # 00FF00 '' |Won
| 6 wickets
| Bailey 5-54
|-
| 21
| 26 Jul 1950
| Sussex Ind Coope Ground , Burton-on-Trent
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
| Langridge 184 ; HL Jackson 5-27
|-
| 22
| 29 Jul 1950
| Hampshire County Ground , Southampton
|bgcolor= '' # FF0000 '' |Lost
| 49 runs
| Knott 5-83 and 7-93 ; C Gladwin 5-51
|-
|23
| 05 Aug 1950
| Warwickshire Edgbaston , Birmingham
|bgcolor= '' # 00FF00 '' |Won
| 8 wickets
| Grove 6-60 ; HL Jackson 5-22 and 5-76
|-
|24
| 09 Aug 1950
| Gloucestershire County Ground , Derby
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
| DM Young 149
|-
| 25
| 12 Aug 1950
| Nottinghamshire Trent Bridge , Nottingham
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
| AEG Rhodes 6-69 ; Butler 5-38
|-
|26
| 16 Aug 1950
| LeicestershireQueen 's Park , Chesterfield
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
| Berry 118
|-
| 27
| 19 Aug 1950
| Kent County Ground , Derby
|bgcolor= '' # 00FF00 '' |Won
| Innings and 98 runs
| C Gladwin 6-56
|-
| 28
| 23 Aug 1950
| Kent Crabble Athletic Ground , Dover
|bgcolor= '' # FF0000 '' |Lost
| 9 wickets
| C Gladwin 7-73 ; Wright 6-45
|-
| 29
| 26 Aug 1950
| Essex Southchurch Park , Southend-on-Sea
|bgcolor= '' # 00FF00 '' |Won
| 10 wickets
| JM Kelly 130 ; Gladwin 7-80
|-
|30
| 30 Aug 1950
| Sussex County Ground , Hove
|bgcolor= '' # FFCC00 '' |Drawn
|
|
|-
Statistics
County Championship batting averages
County Championship bowling averages
Wicket Keeping
GO Dawkes First Class Catches 49 , Stumping 10
D Smith First Class Catches 20 , Stumping 1
See also
Derbyshire County Cricket Club seasons
1950 English cricket season
References
1950 in English cricket
Derbyshire County Cricket Club seasons
Daniel Kozelinski Netto ( born 18 February 1952 ) is the Apostolic Administrator sede vacante of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Eparchy of Santa Maria del Patrocinio in Buenos Aires since their appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 22 June 2011 . They had previously served as Auxiliary Bishop of São João Batista in Ukraine in Curitiba .
Kozelinski Netto was born in Cologne Paraiso , Bom Sucesso , in Parana state in 1952 . They attended philosophy studies at the Studium OSBM Curitiba and theology at the Studium Theologicum Claretianum the same city . They hold a bachelor 's degree in Youth Ministry and Catechetics at the Pontifical Salesian University in Rome . They were ordained priest 10 February 1980 .
They carried out their pastoral ministry in various activities and tasks : coadjutor in the parish of the eparchical cathedral , and pastor of the parish , `` St. Joseph '' in the seminary and Trainer Dorizon eparchial less , and pastor of the parish `` Sacred Heart of Jesus '' and Rector of the Minor Seminary ; Rector of the Seminary `` St. Josaphat , '' and pastor of the cathedral eparchial , and pastor of the parish , `` St. Joseph '' in Cantagalo , a student in Rome at the Pontifical Salesian University , in pastoral service in the city of Mallet , PR .
On 20 June 2007 they were appointed Titular Bishop of Eminenziana by Pope Benedict XVI and Auxiliary of the Eparchy of São João Batista of the Ukrainians in Curitiba ( Brazil ) . They received their episcopal consecration on 16 September of same year . At present , plays the role of the Eparchy Syncellus and deals with the region 's pastoral União da Vitoria , a city where they live .
They were appointed Apostolic Administrator sede vacante of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Eparchy of Santa Maria del Patrocinio in Buenos Aires on 22 June 2011 replacing Sviatoslav Shevchuk who was elected Major Archbishop following the retirement of Cardinal Husar .
On January 12 , 2013 they also are appointed by the Holy See as Apostolic Visitor in Uruguay , Paraguay , Chile and Venezuela for Ukrainian Catholics .
References
1952 births
Living people
Salesian Pontifical University alumni
Brazilian Eastern Catholic bishops
Argentine bishops
Bishops of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church
Members of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church
People from Paraná ( state )
Eastern Catholic bishops in South America
The State Wayne Theater ( originally the State Theater , now known as the Phoenix State Wayne Theater for sponsorship reasons ) is a motion picture theater located in Wayne , Michigan at 35310 Michigan Avenue . The multi-screen movie house is owned and operated by Phoenix Theaters and operates 3 screens which show first-run movies and a live performance stage .
History
The idea to build a new theater in Wayne was underway as early as 1940 by Walter Shafer and their family , owners of the nearby Wayne Theater ( which operated from 1927-51 ) . Plans were drawn up and land was bought , but with the outbreak of World War II the construction was put on hold . The theater -- built of fireproof brick and cinder block -- was finally completed in 1946 with a modern art deco design , featuring a single 1,500 seat auditoria . ( The theater was originally called simply `` The State Theater '' , but was colloquially known around the Detroit area as the `` State Wayne '' . This was because the local newspapers , such as the Detroit News and Detroit Free Press , referred to it as `` State - Wayne '' in its movie listings , to avoid confusion with other movie houses called the `` State Theater '' in Ann Arbor and Pontiac . )
In 1964 , the theater underwent a $ 75,000 upgrade , replacing carpets , seats and upholstery . The lobby and theater were given a modern-Asian theme , complete with a fountain and lamps from India , and the famous Dragon Murals , painted by Dutch artist Anton Mom . At some point , the theater was divided into two screens . By the late 1970s , however , the theater was doing poorly due to competition from suburban multiplexes .
In 1977 , the theater closed , and was leased to the Michigan Opry who planned to hold live music events in the space . The live music plan folded after a few years and in 1980 the theater re-opened charging just 99 cents per ticket . Finally , in 1986 , the Shafer family ( who had owned and operated the State Wayne for decades ) sold the theater to National Amusements , who promptly closed it . In 1991 , the city of Wayne stepped in and , using over $ 500,000 in downtown development authority funds , purchased and restored the State Wayne . Dividing the theater into three screens and a live stage , the theater was successfully operated by the city until 2012 .
Current Operations
Phoenix Theaters took over management of the city-owned theater in August 2012 . In their first year of management , attendance was up 20 percent over the prior year and the operators were honored by the Wayne Chamber of Commerce as Wayne 's `` Business of the Year '' for 2013 . Phoenix officially bought the State Wayne outright in September 2014 and made further renovations , including 100 percent reclining seating and Christie digital projectors and 7.1 Dolby Digital sound in every auditorium . The re-dubbed Phoenix State Wayne Theater is also the home of the `` Rocky Horror Picture Show Experience , '' with Wayne 's live shadow cast - The Michigan Rocky Horror Preservation Society on the second and forth Saturday of every month .
The Mural
The side of the State Wayne Theatre features the large , hand-painted `` Wayne History Mural '' , which covers the majority of the east wall of the theater . The mural panels are painted in shades of the creme brick color to create the illusion that they are ornamental carvings used in art-deco architecture . This painting style is called , “ Trompe L'oeil . ”
The mural depicts Wayne through four categories :
People , Pride and Progress
Industrial Growth
Community Life
A Road Runs Through It
The idea of creating public art was developed during Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm 's “ Cool Cities ” initiative in 2003 , which led to the Wayne City Council forming the 2020 Committee . The Wayne History Mural ( painted by David Fichter and Joshua Winer , with help from Anthony Ivezaj ) was dedicated on October 16 , 2007 and re-dedicated on October 28 , 2008 following the completion of additional panels .
References
http : //www.hometownlife.com/article/20131215/NEWS24/312150039/State-Wayne-honored-Wayne-2013-Business-Year
http : //www.ci.wayne.mi.us/state_wayne.shtml
http : //www.ci.wayne.mi.us/history_mural.shtml
http : //www.ci.wayne.mi.us/parks_recreation_dept.shtml
External links
http : //www.phoenixmovies.net
http : //www.ci.wayne.mi.us/state_wayne.shtml
http : //www.ci.wayne.mi.us/history_mural.shtml
http : //www.ci.wayne.mi.us/parks_recreation_dept.shtml
Buildings and structures in Wayne County , Michigan
Theatres in Michigan
Patriarchy in China refers to the history and prevalence of male dominance in Chinese society and culture , although patriarchy is not exclusive to Chinese culture and exists all over the world .
History
Confucianism and Imperial China
Confucian conceptions of filial piety has been focused on preserving the traditional role of the father as the primary leader and decision maker of the family . In the hierarchy of traditional Chinese cultural family life , the father and sons take prominence over the mother and daughters . A cliché of classical texts , which is repeated throughout the tradition , is the familiar notion that men govern the outer world , while women govern the home .
Mencius outlined the three subordinations . A woman was to be subordinate to their father in youth , their husband in maturity , and their son in old age . Familial relationships are prefixed , and family lifestyles and behaviors are constrained by social norms .
In the Han dynasty , the female historian Ban Zhao wrote the Lessons for Women , advice on how women should behave . They outline the four virtues women must abide by : proper virtue , proper speech , proper countenance , proper merit . The `` three subordinations and the four virtues '' is a common four-character phrase throughout the imperial period .
As for the historical development of Chinese patriarchy , women 's status was highest in the Tang dynasty , when women played sports ( polo ) and were generally freer in fashion and conduct . Between the Tang and Song dynasties , a fad for little feet arose , and from the Song dynasty onwards foot binding became more and more common for the elite . In the Ming dynasty , a tradition of virtuous widowhood developed . Widows , even if widowed at a young age , would be expected not to remarry . Their virtuous names might be displayed on the arch at the entrance of the village .
20th century onwards
Features of patriarchy in 20th and 21st century China are a combination of contemporary problems found even in the West and traditional Chinese issues .
Men hold most of the major positions of power within the country , especially in the political and military spheres . However , with the decline of traditional practices through the 20th century , women have come to enjoy virtually equal economic power . This is especially true in the cities , where the social stigma of being a working woman is virtually nonexistent , although skepticism of unmarried , career-minded women is increasing . Although both genders face strong pressure to be married , women who remain unmarried past the age of 25 are shamed by state media with the label leftover women .
In addition , foot binding and arranged marriages have been virtually eradicated .
There is also the issue of forced abortions in China , especially for sex selection purposes ; authorities have been accused of giving the women virtually no control over their bodies in this area .
See also
References
Chinese culture
Marriage in Chinese culture
Gender in Asia
Women in China
Cultural anthropology
Patriarchy
Medalists
Standings
Men 's Competition
References
Complete 1971 Mediterranean Games Standings Archived
Sports at the 1971 Mediterranean Games
1971
Tainted Love is the sixteenth studio album released by American country music singer Jan Howard . The album was released in 1983 on AVI Records and was produced by Jimmy Capps , Ed Cobb and Ray Harris . It was among Howard 's final studio albums that have been released to date . In addition , it spawned two singles including the title track .
Background and content
Tainted Love was recorded at Woodland Studios , located in East Nashville , Tennessee . The album was produced by Jimmy Capps , who was also credited with playing electric guitar on its sessions . Capps co-produced the record with Ed Cobb and Ray Harris . Cobb was the original writer and producer of the title track , originally recorded in the 1960s by Gloria Jones . Tainted Love consisted of nine tracks . The album 's tenth track , `` Silver Tongue and Gold Plated Lies '' , was later recorded and released as a single by K.T . Oslin in 1996 . The song appeared on Oslin 's 1996 album My Roots Are Showing .... Additionally , Howard 's version of the song featured Bobby Osborne and Sonny Osborne , members of the bluegrass group The Osborne Brothers .
The second track , `` Give My Old Memory a Call '' , was co-written by country artist Ed Bruce . `` My Friend '' ( the album 's fourth track ) was co-written by Howard herself . The song was Howard 's last self-penned song to appear on one of their studio releases .
Release
Tainted Love was officially released in 1983 on AVI Records . The album was issued in a vinyl record format , with five songs on the first side and five songs on the second side of the album . The album spawned two singles . The title track was the first to be issued , in 1983 . Its second single was `` Silver Tongue and Gold Plated Lies '' , in 1984 . Both singles did not chart on any Billboard surveys . The album also did not reach any peak positions on the same chart following its release .
Track listing
Personnel
All credits are adapted from the liner notes of Tainted Love .
Musical personnel
Norah Lee Allen – background vocals
Joe Edwards – fiddle
Jimmy Capps – electric guitar
Ralph Davis – rhythm guitar
Carol Lee Davis – background vocals
Herman Harper – background vocals
Jan Howard – lead vocals , background vocals
Carol Lee Singers – background vocals
Billy Linneman – acoustic guitar , electric guitar
Dennis McCall – background vocals
Weldon Myrick –steel guitar
Bobby Osborne – background vocals ( track 9 )
Sonny Osborne – background vocals ( track 9 )
Leon Rhodes – electric bass
Jerry Whitehurst – piano
Jimmie Wilson – electric guitar
Technical personnel
Andy Benefield – engineering
Jimmy Capps – producer
Ed Cobb – executive producer
Ron Corlew – engineering
Bob Harman – cover ( portrait )
Ray Harris – executive producer
Bev Lacy – design cover
Release history
References
1983 albums
Jan Howard albums
Albums produced by Ed Cobb
Treehouse is the fifth studio album by American electronicore band I See Stars released on June 17 , 2016 through Sumerian Records . It is their first studio album not to feature vocalist and keyboardist Zach Johnson and guitarist Jimmy Gregerson , who were both asked to leave the band in 2015 . It is also the band 's first album since their 2013 release , New Demons , marking their longest gap between studio album releases . The album was produced by Erik Ron , Nick Scott , Taylor Larson , and David Bendeth .
Track listing
Song titles adapted from the album 's iTunes Store listing .
Personnel
I See Stars
Brent Allen – guitars
Andrew Oliver – keyboards , synthesizers , sequencer , programming , backing vocals ; co-lead vocals on `` Light in the Cave '' .
Devin Oliver – lead vocals
Jeff Valentine – bass guitar
Additional musicians
Luke Holland – drums , percussion
Nick Scott - production , guitar , programming ( tracks 1-3 , 5-12 ) , mixing and mastering ( track 9 )
Erik Ron - production ( tracks 1-3 , 5-8 , 10-12 ) , mixing and mastering ( track 6 )
David Bendeth - mixing and mastering ( track 4 )
Taylor Larson - mixing and mastering ( tracks 1-3 , 5 , 7-8 , 10-12 )
Jayda Taylor - songwriting , production
Joey Valentine - songwriting
Charts
References
I See Stars albums
Sumerian Records albums
2016 albums
Albums produced by Erik Ron
Djshop Records is a German-based online dance music retail store , selling vinyl records , CDs , music downloads and music accessories , founded by Armin Wirth . The website was created in 1993 . In 1998 the site changed into the European commercial franchise store Djshop , with locations in Poland , Vienna , Switzerland , Netherlands and the UK . During the e-commerce boom of the late 1990s , the site differentiated itself from other dance music stores by maintaining a text-based presentation .
In July 2005 , Djshop Records added MP3 and WAV downloads to its catalogue . In December 2008 , Djshop released the independent digital music upload portal Feiyr that allowed every dj and artist to sell their music in real time in the djshop . In 2011 , djshop had over 10,000 labels and artists under contracts .
With the start of 2009 Feiyr began cooperation with several online shops such as iTunes , Amazon and Napster to sell the digital content from the DJs to their shops . One year later djshop closed contracts as the first specialized dance store with the big four major music companies Warner , EMI , Sony BMG to sell the major music content in the djshop . Feiyr and djshop started in 2010 to press individually downloaded files on vinyl .
In November 2010 , Djshop released the first mobile dance store in the iTunes app store .
In January 2011 Djshop won the German biggest Poll from Pioneer and the Raveline Magazine ( 85,000 readers ) as the German most wanted download store . Since January 2011 Djshop presents the digital download charts from Germany 's biggest DJ mag . Starting in 2011 , Djshop released in Germany 's biggest underground party magazine Partysan the music charts .
Current sites
Djshop records – the main international online shop for both physical and digital products , with language support in English and German
Feiyr – upload your music – international independent music distribution portal
References
External links
Main sites
Djshop
Feiyr – Upload Your Music
Other sites
Retail companies established in 1993
Online music stores of Germany
The Madness Peel sessions is a session recorded by Madness , a British pop/ska band , for John Peel 's radio show on BBC Radio 1 recorded on 14 August 1979 and transmitted on 27 August 1979 .
Release
The EP , The Peel Sessions , was released in late 1986 by record label Strange Fruit . It features the recordings made for John Peel 's show transmitted on 27 August 1979 , and was recorded at the BBC Studios in Maida Vale , London , England 14 August 1979 .
Track listing
References
External links
The Peel Sessions
1986 EPs
Madness ( band ) EPs
Madness
Albums produced by John Peel
Albums produced by Bob Sargeant
David Polsky is an American film and television screenwriter who created The Buzz on Maggie and co-wrote Scary Movie 2 . They have also written episodes for My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic and Hanazuki : Full of Treasures among other animated television series . Polsky co-produced the 2019 animated film Abominable .
Filmography
Television
Singled Out , writer , 130 episodes
South Park , writer , 2 episodes
The Cramp Twins , writer , 2 episodes
Cedric the Entertainer Presents , writer , 17 episodes
The Buzz on Maggie , creator & executive producer
Class of 3000 , writer , 7 episodes
FrankTV , writer , 28 episodes
Pair of Kings , writer , 2 episodes
Sonic Boom , writer , 2 episodes
My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic , writer , 13 episodes
My Little Pony : Equestria Girls Special , writer
Dawn of the Croods , writer , 2 episodes
Littlest Pet Shop : A World of Our Own , writer , 1 episode
Hanazuki : Full of Treasures , executive producer & writer , 8 episodes
Nella the Princess Knight , writer , 1 episode
Film
Scary Movie 2 , writer
References
External links
Interview with Dave Polsky on True Equestria Radio , 12/29/2013
American male screenwriters
Television producers from Pennsylvania
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American television writers
Living people
Writers from Pittsburgh
American male television writers
Screenwriters from Pennsylvania
Hypecoum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Papaveraceae , found in temperate areas of northern Africa , Europe and Asia . The lectotype is Hypecoum procumbens .
Species
Species currently accepted by The Plant List is as follows :
Hypecoum aegypitacum ( Forssk . ) Asch . & Schweinf .
Hypecoum aequilobum Viv .
Hypecoum alpinum Z.X . An
Hypecoum dimidiatum Delile
Hypecoum erectum L .
Hypecoum ferrugineomaculatum Z.X . An
Hypecoum imberbe Sm .
Hypecoum leptocarpum Hook . f. & Thomson
Hypecoum littorale Wulfen
Hypecoum pendulum L .
Hypecoum procumbens L .
Hypecoum pseudograndiflorum Petrovič
Hypecoum torulosum Å.E.Dahl
Hypecoum trilobum Trautv .
Hypecoum zhukanum Lidén
References
Papaveraceae genera
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
George Smith ( 31 August 1800 – 30 August 1868 ) was an English business person , historian and theologian . They are now best known for historical work relating to the Methodist conference .
Life
Born at Condurrow , near Camborne , Cornwall , on 31 August 1800 , they were the son of William Smith , a carpenter and small farmer at Condurrow ( died 1852 ) , by their wife , Philippa Moneypenny ( died 1834 ) . They were educated at the British and Foreign schools in Falmouth , and in Plymouth where their father retired in 1808 , when the lease of their farm expired . In 1812 they returned with their parents to Cornwall , and was employed for several years in farm work and carpentering . Having accumulated a small sum of money , they became a builder in 1824 .
Smith then became a business partner of William Bickford , their father-in-law . They took out patents for improvements in safety fuses , by themselves or with others , and built up a fortune in business . They were chairperson of the Cornwall Railway to January 1864 , overseeing the construction of the line from Plymouth to Truro and Falmouth . They were known locally also for their powers of speaking and lecturing , in 1823 became a local preacher for the Wesleyan Methodists , and was seen as one of their leading laypeople . They were a member of the Royal Asiatic Society , of the Society of Antiquaries of London ( 23 December 1841 ) , of the Royal Society of Literature , and of the Irish Archaeological Society . In 1859 they were created LL.D . of New York .
Smith died at their house , Trevu , Camborne , on 30 August 1868 , and was buried in the Wesleyan Centenary Chapel cemetery on 4 September . Their widow died at Trevu on 4 March 1886 , aged 81 , and was buried in the same cemetery on 9 March .
Works
The writings of Smith included :
An Attempt to ascertain the True Chronology of the Book of Genesis , 1842 .
A Dissertation on the very Early Origin of Alphabetical Characters , 1842 .
Religion of Ancient Britain to the Norman Conquest , 1844 ; 2nd edit . 1846 ; 3rd edit . revised and edited by their eldest son , 1865 .
Perilous Times , or the Aggressions of Antichristian Error , 1845 , an attack on Tractarianism .
The Cornish Banner : a Religious , Literary , and Historical Register , 1846–7 ; published in monthly numbers , July 1846 to October 1847 , both inclusive , at Smith 's expense .
Sacred Annals : vol . i . The Patriarchal Age , 1847 ( 2nd edit . revised , 1859 ) ; vol . ii . The Hebrew People , 1850 ; vol . iii . The Gentile Nations , 1853 . The three volumes were reissued at New York in 1850–4 .
Wesleyan Ministers and their Slanderers , 1849 ; 2nd edit . 1849 , referring to the charges of the Fly Sheets affair , and the action of the expelled ministers , Dunn , Everett , and Griffiths .
Doctrine of the Cherubim , 1850 .
Polity of Wesleyan Methodism exhibited and defended , 1851 .
Doctrine of the Pastorate , 1851 ; 2nd edit . 1851 .
Wesleyan Local Preachers ' Manual , 1855 .
Harmony of the Divine Dispensations , 1856 .
History of Wesleyan Methodism : vol . i. Wesley and their Times , 1857 ; vol . ii . The Middle Age , 1858 ; vol . iii . Modern Methodism , 1861 ; a second and revised edition came out in 1859–62 , and the fourth edition appeared in 1865 .
The Cassiterides , or the Commercial Operations of the Phœnicians in Western Europe , with particular reference to the British tin trade , 1863 .
Book of Prophecy : a Proof of the Plenary Inspiration of Holy Scripture , 1865 .
Life and Reign of David , 1868 . A companion work on Daniel was left incomplete .
Family
Smith married at Camborne church , on 31 October 1826 , Elizabeth Burrall , the youngest daughter of William Bickford and Susan Burrall . They had four children , the eldest of whom , William Bickford-Smith , represented in parliament the division of Cornwall from 1885 to 1892 .
Notes
Attribution
1800 births
1868 deaths
19th-century English historians
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
People from Camborne
Cornish Methodists
Writers from Cornwall
George
19th-century Methodists
19th-century English businesspeople
The Lillienhoff Palace ( Swedish Lillienhoffska palatset ) is a building located on a corner of the large square Medborgarplatsen in southcentral Stockholm , Sweden . The property is owned and managed by municipally owned AB Stadsholmen .
History
It was built in 1668–1670 by merchant Joachim Pötter ( 1630–1676 ) , who was ennobled in 1668 under the surname of Lillienhoff , based upon blueprints were by architect Johan Tobias Albinus ( ca 1635-1679 ) . Lillienhoff was one of the larger shipowners in Stockholm . They were also a co-stakeholder in several of companies and was also a partner in the Swedish East India Company .
After the death of Lillienhoff in 1676 , their widow Petronella Lohe remained in the main building until their death in 1694 .
The facades are decorated with motifs from Dutch baroque , as was common in Stockholm 's palace architecture in the middle of the 17th century . The palace originally had a garden to the west toward a lake that was there then called Fatburen . The current roof design is from 1786 . Some interiors have been maintained intact .
The palace was purchased by Great Britain in 1723 to serve as its embassy in Sweden and has thus also been called the English Building . After that usage , it served as the poor house for Catherine 's Parish until 1888 , and was bought by the City of Stockholm in 1900 . In the 1950s-1960s the Druvan restaurant at the palace was popular , and since 1993 a large restaurant called Snaps takes up the ground floor , an enclosed subterranean courtyard to the west and ( summers ) also a sizable patio on the square . There are offices and residential apartments in the rest of the building . Starting in the early 1970s , there have also been popular discothèques in an underground lounge .
See also
Architecture of Stockholm
References
Other sources
Bedoire , Fredric ( 2012 ) Stockholms byggnader : arkitektur och stadsbild ( Stockholm : Norstedt )
Olof Hultin ; Ola Österling ; Michael Perlmutter ( 2002 ) Guide till Stockholms arkitektur ( Stockholm : Arkitektur Förlag )
Ohlsson , Martin ( 1951 ) Stormaktstidens privatpalats i Stockholm ( Stockholm : Forum )
Palaces in Stockholm
Baroque palaces in Sweden
1670 establishments in Sweden
Buildings and structures completed in 1670
Prenjak is an Indonesian short film , written and directed by Wregas Bhanuteja . In 2016 , it became the first Indonesian film to win an award at the Cannes Film Festival .
Cast
The film stars Rosa Winenggar as Diah , Yohanes Budyambara as Jarwo , Hosea Hatmaji , and Banyu Bening .
Production
Prenjak is a Javanese name for a species of bird in Yogyakarta . The shooting of the film took place for two days in Yogyakarta in February 2016 . The film was directed by Wregas Bhanuteja . The other crews and casts were their friends . The editing process was done for a week . The budget of the film was 3 million rupiah that was from their friends in Studio Batu , their film community in Yogyakarta . Canon 5D Mark III was used as the camera .
The story is based on a local cultural practice that was popular in the 1980s and 90s in Yogyakarta when a woman , seller of wedang rondhe ( local drink ) let a man see their genital by lighting matches in darker place in alun-alun for money . In the film , the woman is a restaurant employee rather than a drink seller and the money was higher than the practice back then in accordance to a more modern context .
Reception
Prenjak was registered to 2016 Cannes Film Festival three days before the closing . The film then won the Leica Cine Discovery Prize . The film is the first Indonesian film to win at the festival in any category . According to Femina , Charles Tesson praised Prenjak as `` a film with a surprisingly deep poetry '' . Tesson , quoted by Rappler , added that the film is `` dark and ornery , about how earning a living is the same as a game of matches . '' Rappler also quoted Marie-Paulline Molaret , one of the jury , said that `` Bhanuteja got rid of bad impression of peeking and made it as an entertaining , soft poetry . ''
After winning the international festival , Prenjak was screened by Kinosaurus a micro-cinema in Jakarta . The film was also screened at Institut Francais Indonesia Jakarta on 2 June 2016 .
Pangerang writing for Kompas identified Prenjak as black comedy , showing a sad story of a woman by simple jokes . Ratnaning writing for Liputan6.com claimed that its simplicity of `` the plot , setting , and shooting technique '' makes the film as natural and close to viewers .
Awards
Prenjak won Best Short Film category at 2016 Indonesian Film Festival .
References
Indonesian short films
Films set in Indonesia
Skyforge is a free-to-play massively multiplayer online role-playing game developed by Allods Team in collaboration with Obsidian Entertainment , and published by My.com . Set on the planet Aelion , Skyforge fuses elements of Science fiction and fantasy in its visuals and storytelling , and sees players exploring the world as an immortal who must strive to become a god and defend the planet from alien invasion from other worlds . The project started development in 2010 and received an open release for Microsoft Windows in July 2015 , with PlayStation 4 and Xbox One releases following in 2017 . The latest major content update , `` Ignition '' , was released on all platforms in September 2019 . A Nintendo Switch version was released in February 2021 .
Gameplay
In Skyforge , players assume the role of an immortal with incredible celestial powers who must protect the planet Aelion from invaders who threaten the world and its population . Character progression within the game is not level based ; instead of a traditional leveling format , Skyforge features a 'prestige ' system , which allows a player to advance based on the sum total of their stats and progression . This allows players to develop and switch between 17 different classes at any time , rather than being locked into a class choice made earlier in the game . As a player gains more prestige , additional content , gear , and followers are unlocked . Once the player becomes a god , Skyforge includes an additional progression system which allows users to manage their followers to increase their character 's overall power .
Aelion has a lot of missions to take on and locations to visit . The capital of Aelion serves as the game 's hub , with three core locations . The Divine Observatory is where the player can take on missions and visit different locations through a hologram globe . The Divine Observatory allows players to travel to different locations around Aelion , and also participate in player versus player battles . Each location , including Dankit Island , Lanber Forest , and Isola Digs , has multiple objectives , enemies , and storylines . At the Research Center , the player can train , try out different classes , and change the appearance of their character . In the Park , players explore and occasionally hosts events , such as seasonal pumpkin lighting and gift opening events for Halloween and Christmas .
Players can team up with friends and random players online to take on missions and larger raids and instances .
Story
In the universe of Skyforge , gods derive their powers from their followers . The planet of Aelion was once a free world protected by the Greater God named Aeli , who helped civilization flourish . When the story begins , Aeli has vanished , leaving behind a world of followers which is only protected by immortals ( the player characters ) and a few remaining lesser gods , leaving it under attack by hostile gods and invading alien forces from neighboring planets . The player starts in the capital of Aelion as an immortal , and after talking to Herida , a goddess and advisor to the immortals , discovers that they were brought back to life after a devastating attack by the Reapers of Death . After choosing a starting class and undergoing combat guides , training , tutorials , and character customization , the player can tackle combat missions around Aelion , fighting off invaders such as the ghastly Reapers of Death , the mechanical Mechanoids , the botanical Phytonides , the amphibious Oceanids , the serpentine Gorgonides , and the astral Demons .
The update New Horizons , released on April 9 , 2019 , introduced the planet Terra , new story content , and the Draconids , a new enemy race .
Development
Allods Team , who previously developed the massively multiplayer online role-playing game Allods Online , started developing Skyforge for PC in 2010 . It was confirmed that My.com would publish the game . In May 2013 , it was announced that Obsidian Entertainment , known for their work on western role-playing video games such as Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II : The Sith Lords , Neverwinter Nights 2 , and Fallout : New Vegas , would be collaborating with Allods Team on the development of Skyforge . The game entered closed beta in 2015 , and received an open public release for Microsoft Windows on 16 July 2015 . On April 11 , 2017 , Skyforge was released for PlayStation 4 . It was also released for Xbox One on November 29 , 2017 , and was released for Nintendo Switch on February 4 , 2021 .
Business model
Skyforge is free-to-play but allows players to pay for certain in-game content , including an optional premium status . A store also allows players to purchase certain items , including cosmetics and equipment that gives small stat boosts .
Reception
Skyforge received `` mixed or average '' reviews according to review aggregator Metacritic . Upon its release in 2015 , MMORPG.com said that Skyforge was `` easily the best new MMO in recent months . '' Rock , Paper , Shotgun reviewer Richard Cobbett said the game was `` one of the more pleasant F2P MMOs I 've played of late '' , and praised the differences between Skyforge and competitors , including its hub world , the scattered quests in open areas , and the `` genuine sense of trying to be a good game first and a profitable one second '' .
Awards
'MMORPG of the Year ' from MMOs.com 's 2015 Game of the Year Awards
'Best of Show ' from TenTonHammer 's Best of E3 2014 Awards
Nominated
'Best PC Game ' from Destructoid 's Best of E3 2014 Awards
References
External links
2015 video games
Active massively multiplayer online games
Free-to-play video games
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games
Obsidian Entertainment games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
Video games developed in Russia
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set on fictional planets
Windows games
Xbox One games
Science fiction massively multiplayer online role-playing games
Blundells Cottage is a heritage-listed six-roomed stone cottage located on the northern shore of Lake Burley Griffin , in Canberra , Australia . The cottage was built by George P. Campbell in about 1858 for their ploughman William Ginn on the original Molonglo River floodplain . Ginn lived there with their family until 1874 and then Flora and George Blundell moved in and remained there until about 1933 . Flora was a midwife and George a bullock driver for Campbell . In 1913 the estate was acquired by the Commonwealth of Australia to form part of the new Federal Capital Territory , although the Blundells continued to live there . Then Harry and Alice Oldfield moved to the cottage in 1933 .
The cottage was added to the Commonwealth Heritage List on 15 July 2005 .
The Ginn family
The Ginn family were the first residents of the Cottage . They lived there from about 1860 until 1874 . William Ginn ( 1821-1904 ) was born in Hertfordshire , England . They came to Australia as an assisted immigrant in 1857 with their wife Mary Wade and two children Walter and Henry . They were immediately recruited by George Campbell of Duntroon , where William worked as a ploughman .
In 1860 George Campbell built the stone cottage for William Ginn who was regarded as an excellent employee . They also rented 90 acres of land to the Ginn family . Two more children were born to William and Mary after their arrival at Duntroon – Agnes in 1858 and Gertrude in 1865 . These two girls are shown in the photograph . Agnes later married Thomas Lawson and lived in a property called Maudale in Berrima . Gertrude did not marry and when Agnes 's husband died in 1929 both women returned to Canberra to live . Agnes died in 1946 and Gertrude in 1953 at the age of 87 . An obituary in The Canberra Times gave an outline of Gertrude 's life .
By 1874 William Ginn had saved enough money to buy their own land . They selected 80 acres near Gungahlin which they called “ Canberra Park ” and built a stone house . They lived there with their wife , Mary , until their death in 1904 . An elaborate gravestone marks their death , located in St John 's Churchyard , Reid , where many of the Ginn family are buried .
Their two sons Walter and Henry helped them develop the property . Walter did not marry and died in 1925 . Henry married Elizabeth Winter , daughter of John and Jemima Winter of “ Red Hill ” . The sons inherited “ Canberra Park ” when William died in 1904 . They are both buried in St John 's Church , Reid .
The Blundell family
When William Ginn left the cottage in 1874 George Campbell rented the house to George Blundell who was their bullock driver . The family lived there for the next 60 years . George Blundell ( 1846-1933 ) was born in the Canberra region . Their father was Joseph Blundell who had arrived in Australia in 1826 as a convict . In 1827 they were assigned to Robert Campbell who was the owner of Duntroon at that time . They received their pardon in 1842 and soon after married Susan Osborne . The couple had eleven children .
George Blundell who was Joseph 's third child married Flora McLennan ( 1844-1917 ) , daughter of John Mclennan , a Scottish immigrant from the Isle of Skye who arrived in Australia in 1852 when Flora was only 7 years old . The family moved to the Barrington district near Maitland where John 's uncle John McInnes lived .
Immediately after their wedding George and Flora moved into Blundell 's Cottage and over the next fifteen years they had eight children . Flora was the local community midwife . The family grew crops on the land surrounding the cottage and in 1893 one newspaper reported that “ Mr George Blundell has a magnificent crop and has already started haymaking. ” In those days the house was known as “ Poplar Grove ” .
Because of their growing family George and Flora in 1888 made extensive additions to the cottage . A new wing was added to the south and a verandah to the front . They became respected citizens of the Canberra district . When Flora died in 1917 an obituary was published in the Queanbeyan Age . George was one of the pioneers of the district who was chosen to be presented to the Duke of York when Parliament House was opened in 1927 . George died in 1933 and the cottage was rented to the Oldfield family .
The Oldfield family
Harry Oldfield ( 1885-1942 ) and their wife Alice Matilda ( 1888-1958 ) moved into the cottage in 1933 . They further developed the farm and supplied milk and eggs to the local community . Harry was a stockman from Yaouk , Adaminaby and was described as “ a picturesque Monaro horseman reminiscent of figures in the late “ Banjo ” Patterson 's verse . Their obituary described Harry in the following terms .
`` Canberra people will remember the neatly dressed shepherd - dressed usually in jodhpurs with their beautiful black mare of Youah breed . They little knew of the amazing experiences of this man who had been station over-seer , drover and stockman . ''
Harry died in 1942 and Alice continued to live at the cottage . In 1957 The Australian Women 's Weekly published an article on the residents of Canberra and one of those interviewed was Alice Oldfield who described their living conditions . The interviewer said .
`` I asked Mrs. Harry Oldfield , the happiest woman I found in Canberra , who lives in the old farmhouse at Scott 's Crossing , just across the Molonglo from Parliament . Canberra is the only capital in the world with a farm right in the middle and a farmhouse with a genuine camp-oven , slab kitchen , shingles , and kerosene lamps . Electricity has not yet reached Scott 's Crossing .
`` You would n't catch me living in any other place , '' Mrs. Oldfield told me , even though I have to chop up three tons of firewood each winter . ''
Alice died in 1958 and was buried in St John 's Church in Reid .
Preservation
After Alice Oldfield died in 1958 , the cottage was planned to be demolished . However Sir William Holford proposed that the cottage be kept as a museum . The National Capital Development Commission renovated the cottage and it was managed as a museum by the Canberra and District Historic Society until 1990 . The National Capital Authority manages Blundells Cottage as a museum open to the public .
Blundells Cottage is significant , being one of the few stone buildings of its type to have survived intact in the Australian Capital Territory . It is important for the way it reflects a way of life on a nineteenth-century agricultural estate .
In 1983 , It was listed on the now-defunct Register of the National Estate . In 2005 , it was added to the Commonwealth Heritage List . In 2013 , the ACT Government decided not to proceed with listing on the Australian Capital Territory Heritage Register because the ACT Heritage Act 2004 has no direct effect on land owned by the Australian Government and would duplicate the legal protection already provided under the Commonwealth Heritage List .
Gallery
See also
Australian residential architectural styles
Scott 's Crossing Road
References
Attribution
Further reading
Exploring the ACT and Southeast New South Wales , J. Kay McDonald , Kangaroo Press , Sydney , 1985
External links
Blundells Cottage Webpage on the National Capital Authority website
Webpage on the Visit Canberra website
Museums in Canberra
History of the Australian Capital Territory
Historic house museums in the Australian Capital Territory
Houses in Canberra
Commonwealth Heritage List places in the Australian Capital Territory
20th century in the Australian Capital Territory
Australian Capital Territory places listed on the defunct Register of the National Estate
Landmarks in Canberra
Tasch Peak ( ) is a rocky peak in the southeast portion of Mount Rees , in the Crary Mountains of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy tricamera aerial photographs , 1959–66 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Paul Tasch , United States Antarctic Research Program ( USARP ) geologist in the Sentinel Range and Ohio Range , summer 1966–67 , and Coalsack Bluff , 1969–70 .
References
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
Crary Mountains
Jorge Ayala ( born February 14 , 1944 , in Formosa , Argentina ) better known as King Clave , is an Argentine singer and songwriter whose hits were known in the 70 's and 80 's .
Career
King Clave 's career began in Argentina 's Canal 13 . They were later featured in the show `` Sábados Circulares de Mancera . '' From there , they went on to act in `` Special '' , `` Tropicana Club '' , `` Sábados de la bondad , '' and other shows .
In 1973 they acted in the show `` Sábado Sensacional de Amador Bendayan '' ( Amador Bendayan 's Sensational Saturday ) , later simply known as Super Sábado Sensacional transmitted through Venezuela 's main TV broadcaster Venevisión and in 1974 they decided to be their own record producer and recorded their first international album with the hit `` Los hombres no deben llorar '' ( Men should n't cry ) , followed by `` Mi corazón lloro '' ( My heart cried ) , `` Usted me dejo llorando '' ( You left me crying ) , `` Tema de amor para una chiquilina '' ( A little girl 's love 's theme ) , `` Nunca mas podré olvidarte '' ( I 'll never forget you ) , `` Por culpa de tu amor '' ( Because of your love ) , among others .
In 1976 they debuted in Raúl Velasco 's `` Siempre en Domingo '' ( Always on Sunday ) . Since then , they have given shows across the world .
King Clave befriended the singer Roberto Sanchez ( who later became the famous Sandro ) , and one day they went to the legendary show lounge La Cueva and introduced them to Billy Bond , one of the musicians they created the movement called `` Rock Nacional Argentino '' .
In return for washing the dishes in their night club , Billy Bond let them sing their native guaranias and some boleros . One day Billy and King Clave composed the first ballad together `` La canción de tus lágrimas '' and Billy took him , with that song , to debut in the biggest musical TV show of that era `` ESCALA MUSICAL '' on Channel 13 .
Then they began their career , constantly appearing in the best television programs as `` Sábados circulares de Mancera '' ( Canal 13 ) ; `` Sábado de la bondad `` ; `` El Special '' ; `` Tropicana Club `` y `` Grandes valores '' ( Canal 9 ) .
In 1968 they won the `` Newcomer '' award at the third festival Buenos Aires song and begins a beautiful face in their career , participated in the film La Pandilla Inolvidable released on October 27 , 1971 , in the movie theater Italia de Formosa . Some of the actors in that movie : Ana Maria Picchio , Celia Cadaval , Ubaldo Martínez , Santiago Gómez Cou , Luis Medina Castro , Louie Cohen , Pablo Codevilla Cachito Gomez , Carlos Medina `` TABOO '' Saturnino Lopez with the Polyphonic Choir of Formosa led by Elda Milanese , June 4 their best-known songs so far were used : `` Yo te amo mi amor ... yo te amo '' and `` El niño de la calle sonriente '' in 1970 , following a personal problem they returned to their home province . In winter of 1972 they returned to Buenos Aires .
In 1972 they began their studies at the School of Fine Arts in Buenos Aires , where they specialized in various artistic disciplines . Also at that time they studied a degree in copyright SADAIC ( Argentina Society of Authors and Composers ) . Their teachers Homero Expósito y Eladia Blázquez were counted . In 1973 they graduated as `` Bachelor of copyright '' . That year would win the first prize at the Festival of Piriápolis ( Republic of Uruguay ) .
In 1973 they starred in the `` Sábados Sensacionales '' of Amador Bendayán program in Venevisión of Venezuela . They were hired by Karen Record -of Bienvenido Rodriguez ( Dominican Republic ) to artistically produce Fausto Rey , Sonia Silvestre , Camboy Estevez , among others , with whom they achieved significant international recognition as a producer and composer . That same year they produced for the PROMUS seal ( of Venezuela ) an LP with the star and actor Susana Gimenez from Argentina .
In 1974 they decided to become the first independent producer in Argentina . They placed several artists at the top of sales from record companies Odeon , RCA Victor and Music Hall , among others . That year they traveled to Mexico , where they presented their own material and jumped into the international market . They immediately placed first in the rankings of all Latin America and sold 5 million singles of the song `` LOS HOMBRES NO DEBEN LLORAR '' and many others , to `` ABEJA REINA '' , `` MI CORAZÓN LLORÓ '' , `` NUNCA MÁS PODRÉ OLVIDARTE '' , `` POR CULPA DE TU AMOR '' and `` TEMA DE AMOR PARA UNA CHIQUILINA '' among others .
`` ABEJA REINA '' and other hits from King Clave were recorded and re-recorded by various artists from Latin America and Europe . In January 2012 , King Clave re-recorded a version as Formosa Folk Music .
2 and 3 June 1975 was presented for the first time at Madison Square Garden ( New York ) and brought together in three concerts , 50,000 people , follow by the Olympia ( Paris ) , Caesars Palace ( Las Vegas ) and many other world casinos , that same year was presented at the Televisa channel ( of Mexico ) to the most important program in that country : `` Siempre en Domingo '' , led by Raul Velasco . Primetime debut with them Brazil Singer Morris Albert and Spanish Singer Camilo Sesto .
In 1976 , they appeared in Madison Square Garden , and began a tour across the United States , leading a caravan with Vicente Fernandez , with the participation of Juan Gabriel , Lola Beltran , Trio Los Panchos , Yolanda del Río and Jorge Vargas , among other Mexican artists .
After the tour , they starred in the Mexican film `` La hija de nadie '' ( released in early 1979 ) . Immediately after appeared in `` Los Hombres no deben llorar '' movie ( released on June 21 , 1979 ) starring with Naomi Ceratto ( actor whom they married in 1976 ) and Yolanda del Río .
In 1980 they participated in the Argentinean film Rhythm `` Ritmo , amor y primavera '' of Enrique Carreras , with Cacho Chestnut , Monica Gonzaga , Tincho Zabala , Carlos Calvo , Juan Carlos Thorry Alan and Naomi . It premiered in January 1981 . That year appeared several songs in Argentine telenovelas : `` Herencia de amor '' , `` Un callejón en las nubes '' , `` Rossé '' , `` Aprender a vivir '' , `` Lo imperdonable '' and thus manages to enter the market in their country , Argentina .
In 1982 , Mexican singer Luis Miguel included a song of King Clave , `` Balada Para mi Abuela '' , on their album Un Sol .
In 1984 they co-starred in the Argentine-Mexican film `` La Superdotada '' , directed by Juan Bautista Maggipinto with Tixou Thelma , Orlando Marconi and their own wife Naomi Ceratto .
From 1985 to 1989 , elected by vote of their fellow composers , they served as Vice President of S.A.D.A.I.C , Argentinian Society of Authors and Composers .
They have shot several films in Mexico , the US and Argentina , including `` Los hombres no deben llorar '' , `` El nido '' , `` La hija de nadie '' , `` El cara parchada '' y La pandilla inolvidable , among others are . In 1985 they left their profession as a singer when they were elected vice president of Sadaic ( in Buenos Aires ) . They devoted all their time to defend copyright .
In 1990 they decided to become a trader in the Ramos Mejía neighborhood of Buenos Aires , Argentina , with their wife Naomi Ceratto ( actor and model ) . In 2002 , their wife and their son Sebastian convinced them to go back on stage . They were presented at the Hollywood Palladium in Los Angeles ( California ) . From then they made successful performances in the best venues of Las Vegas , New York , Texas and Arizona , Mexico , Canada and Europe and is still presented in different Latin American scenarios . Since then they live with their family in Hollywood , Los Angeles , California .
In January 2012 they were summoned to appear at the two most important festivals of Argentina : Cosquín ( Córdoba ) and the Festival of Corvina ( Formosa ) . That same year they recorded their folk cantata `` La Gran Fiesta Formoseña '' https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uJ44mUIXXsI // https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=AxU0FfBw8o0
In August 2013 , King Clave was recognized by the UN for their interpretation of `` Los hombres no deben llorar '' song was chosen as music for the international campaign to combat the abuse of women and girls .
In 2013 , King Clave released their new album Punto G ( produced by their son Sebastian Ayala Ceratto ) Recently , in the months of May and June , 2014 , on a tour of Colombia received a warm welcome in their reunion with your audience and was acclaimed by 17,000 people in
`` Diamante '' baseball Cali Stadium , starting there tourné the most successful of these times ... https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = WM_7sM0wvzg ; today they are on tour throughout the US , and will be presenting several concerts in Latin America .
Personal life
On September 21 , 1976 they married in Acapulco ( Mexico ) with Noemi Ceratto ( to whom they remain married until today ) they had a son named Sebastian Ayala Ceratto .
References
External links
www.kingclave.com
http : //www.pandora.com/station/play/3038311366708580485
https : //www.youtube.com/results ? search_query=king+clave+
http : //www.informador.com.mx/entretenimiento/2008/9674/6/ofrecen-king-clave-palito-ortega-y-leo-dan-un-nostalgico-concierto.htm
1942 births
20th-century Argentine male singers
Living people
Yellowcake ( also called urania ) is a type of uranium concentrate powder obtained from leach solutions , in an intermediate step in the processing of uranium ores . It is a step in the processing of uranium after it has been mined but before fuel fabrication or uranium enrichment . Yellowcake concentrates are prepared by various extraction and refining methods , depending on the types of ores . Typically , yellowcakes are obtained through the milling and chemical processing of uranium ore , forming a coarse powder that has a pungent odor , is insoluble in water , and contains about 80 % uranium oxide , which melts at approximately 2880 °C .
Overview
Originally raw uranium ore was extracted by traditional mining and this is still the case in many mines . It is first crushed to a fine powder by passing it through crushers and grinders to produce `` pulped '' ore . This is further processed with concentrated acid , alkaline , or peroxide solutions to leach out the uranium . However , nearly half of yellowcake production is now produced by in situ leaching in which the solution is pumped through the uranium deposit without disturbing the ground . Yellowcake is what remains after drying and filtering . The yellowcake produced by most modern mills is actually brown or black , not yellow ; the name comes from the color and texture of the concentrates produced by early mining operations .
Initially , the compounds formed in yellowcakes were not identified ; in 1970 , the U.S. Bureau of Mines still referred to yellowcakes as the final precipitate formed in the milling process and considered it to be ammonium diuranate or sodium diuranate . The compositions were variable and depended upon the leachant and subsequent precipitating conditions . The compounds identified in yellowcakes include uranyl hydroxide , uranyl sulfate , sodium para-uranate , and uranyl peroxide , along with various uranium oxides . Modern yellowcake typically contains 70 % to 90 % triuranium octoxide ( U3O8 ) by weight . Other oxides such as uranium dioxide ( UO2 ) and uranium trioxide ( UO3 ) exist .
Yellowcake is produced by all countries in which uranium ore is mined .
Further processing
Yellowcake is used in the preparation of uranium fuel for nuclear reactors , for which it is smelted into purified UO2 for use in fuel rods for pressurized heavy-water reactors and other systems that use natural unenriched uranium .
Purified uranium can also be enriched into the isotope U-235 . In this process , the uranium oxides are combined with fluorine to form uranium hexafluoride gas ( UF6 ) . Next , the gas undergoes isotope separation through the process of gaseous diffusion , or in a gas centrifuge . This can produce low-enriched uranium containing up to 20 % U-235 that is suitable for use in most large civilian electric-power reactors . With further processing , one obtains highly enriched uranium , containing 20 % or more U-235 , that is suitable for use in compact nuclear reactors—usually used to power naval warships and submarines . Further processing can yield weapons-grade uranium with U-235 levels usually above 90 % , suitable for nuclear weapons .
Radioactivity and safety
The uranium in yellowcake is almost exclusively ( > 99 % ) U-238 , with very low radioactivity . U-238 has an extremely long half-life , over 4 billion years , meaning that it emits radiation at a slow rate . This stage of processing is before the more radioactive U-235 is concentrated , so by definition , this stage of uranium has the same radioactivity as it did in nature when it was underground , as the proportions of isotopes are at their native relative concentration . Yellowcake is hazardous when inhaled .
See also
Uranium ore deposits
Uranium mining
Uraninite , an ore that is mostly uranium dioxide ( UO2 )
Yellowcake forgery , fraudulently depicted Saddam Hussein trying to buy uranium powder
Sequoyah Fuels Corporation , an American company involved in yellowcake processing
COMINAK , a Niger uranium mining and processing company
SOMAIR , a Niger uranium mining and processing company
Vanadium ( V ) oxide , hydrous precipitates of which are known as `` redcake ''
References
Uranium compounds
Oxides
Nuclear materials
Samabhavana Society is an ISO 9001:2008 certified non-profit organisation in India that serves the society primarily in the areas of Child Protection , Gender , Sexuality & Human rights across India . The NGO is actively involved in mapping of NGOs with good track record and implementation of CSR projects in India .
History
Samabhavana started informally in 1999 and later got registered in 2000 . When the NGO started out , it aimed to empower disadvantaged and poor Male Sex Workers , Masseurs and Men who have Sex with Men ( MSM ) through various awareness programmes related to STI , HIV/AIDS , through behaviour change . Over the years , the ngo has expanded to support various causes with a focus on gaining a dignified living for the benefactors of its various projects .
In 2012 , a photo exhibition of Male Masseurs helped by Samabhavana was held in London by photo journalist Charles Fox . Samabhavana had helped around 160 of the male masseurs who were stuck in sex trade due to abject poverty , to find other jobs such as plumbing , electrical works etc .
Projects
Some of the major projects at Samabhavana are SMILE , HAI and PRISM .
In 2010 , ILS Law College in Pune joined hands with NGO Samabhavana Society to start a certificate course covering the rights of gays , transgender people , sex workers and surrogate mothers , among others .
Samabhavana also offers vocational training to male prostitutes with the support of Love146 , an organization that advocates for exploited children .
Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR )
Corporates partner with Samabhavana to support various causes through their CSR projects .
'Cuppa dile se ' is project in alignment with the National Policy for Persons with Disabilities to promote education and employment-enhancing opportunities for women , children , elderly and the differently-abled . Corporates who partnered for this project hired tea vendors who are deaf and mute as part of their livelihood enhancement initiatives under CSR .
SMILE ( Students Mastering Important Life skills Education ) program is a project that educates students for special needs from Grade-I to Grade 10 on areas of child protection , gender equality , responsible behavior , financial inclusion and physiology with additional classes on safe sex , STDs and HIV/AIDs . Anatomy classes are taken for Grade-9 and Grade-10 .
Healthy Adolescent Initiative ( HAI ) program helps adolescents and teachers with regular health check-ups and nutritional advice .
Walt Disney India joined hands with Samabhavana to paint the pediatric wards at Wadia Children 's Hospital for their Voluntears program .
Global Conference on CSR
The NGO holds a Global Conference on Corporate Social Responsibility inviting eminent personalities to discuss corporate and governmental intervention on topics of community welfare .
Accreditation
Samabhavana Society has multiple accreditation which includes ISO 9001:2008 , CAF America & National Hub for CSR-TISS Certified organization .
Partners
Hivos , an international organization partnered with Samabhavana to support the cause of emancipation of LGBT & Human Rights .
References
Organizations established in 2000
Organisations based in Mumbai
LGBT organisations in India
2000 establishments in Maharashtra
Kamarusak-e Pain ( , also Romanized as Kam ‘ arūsak-e Pā'īn ; also known as Kam ‘ Arūsak-e Soflá ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 41 , in 11 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Phtheochroa waracana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in North America , where it has been recorded from Alberta , Arizona , California , Indiana , Maine , Manitoba , Ontario and Saskatchewan .
The wingspan is about 20 mm . Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August .
References
Moths described in 1907
Phtheochroa
Scybalistodes periculosalis is a moth in the family Crambidae . It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1908 . It has been recorded from the US state of California .
References
Moths described in 1908
Glaphyriinae
The Philippines were the defending champions of the Men 's Team competition of the 2011 Southeast Asian Games but lost to Indonesia in the final . Each tie was the best of three rubbers , two singles and one doubles match .
Medalists
Draw
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Gold medal match
References
Draw
Team of Indonesia
Team of the Philippines
Team of Thailand
Team of Cambodia
SEAG2011 Start/Result Lists - Tennis
Men 's Team
Koshtan-Tau ( ; Karachay-Balkar : Къоштан-тау , means paired mountain ) is the highest peak ( 5,144m ) of the Koshtan massif of the central Caucasus Mountains in the Kabardino-Balkaria Republic of Russia , near the border with Georgia . The peak was first ascended in 1889 by Herman Woolley and party .
Notes
Further reading
A. F. Mummery , H. W. Holder , W. F. Donkin and C. T. Dent , `` Further Explorations in the Caucasus '' , Proceedings of the Royal Geographical Society and Monthly Record of Geography , New Monthly Series , Vol . 11 , No . 6 ( Jun. , 1889 ) , pp . 351–374
External links
Columbia Encyclopedia entry
Mountains of Kabardino-Balkaria
Five-thousanders of the Caucasus
Por un beso ( For One Kiss ) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Angelli Nesma Medina for Televisa in 2000 . Based on La gata by Inés Rodena . It premiered on November 13 , 2000 and ended on March 30 , 2001 .
Natalia Esperón and Víctor Noriega starred as protagonists , while Enrique Rocha and Mercedes Molto starred as antagonists .
Plot
Blanca Garza is a beautiful singer . Them boyfriend , Mariano Díaz de León , is a famous architect , they love him , but does n't know that they have been lying to them all the time and they are married and has 2 sons . Julio , the childhood friend of Mariano 's wife came to visit them after they inherited a lot of money from their father .
They meet Blanca and falls in love with them Meanwhile , Blanca discovers that Mariano is married , breaks up with them and starts going out with Julio , finally falling in love with him . They happily marry and are expecting a baby . Mariano is furious and wants a revenge . They convince Julio to invest all their money in a construction with the illegal endorsements , but Julio is not aware about it .
There was an accident at the construction and one worker dies . The police is after Julio , as the construction is in their name , they confront Mariano 's partner about this illegal construction and during the fight between them , Mariano 's partner falls out of the window and dies .
Though it was an accident , but Julio was sent to prison for many years , as Mariano declares against them and also finds them the worst attorney they possibly can . After Blanca gives birth to a baby girl ; Azucena , Mariano visits them in the hospital , and they realize that it was all theirs fault .
The villain chokes her , saying `` if you are not going to be mine , you are going to be nobody 's '' . Blanca dies . Mariano gives money to a personal assistant of Blanca so they disappear with a newborn baby . Twenty years later Azucena turns into a beautiful girl , looking exactly like their mother .
They have no idea that their father is alive and they are in jail , they think they are dead . They meet Mariano 's son , Daniel , and they fall in love . But soon Julio gets out of the jail , finds their daughter , Mariano finds out that Daniel is in love with the daughter of their worst enemy and the endless hatred and revenge between 2 families continues .
Cast
Natalia Esperón as Blanca Garza de Otero Robles/Azucena Otero Robles Garza
Víctor Noriega as Daniel Díaz de León Lavalle
Mercedes Molto as Mirna Ballesteros Mendizábal
Enrique Rocha as Mariano Díaz de León
Otto Sirgo as Julio Otero Robles/Gonzalo Ruiz de Cota
Lourdes Munguía as Prudencia Aguilar
Luz Elena González as Rita Jiménez de Ornelas
Alejandra Meyer as Micaela 'Mica ' Ornelas
Óscar Morelli as Don Clemente Fuentes
Luz María Jerez as Fernanda Lavalle de Díaz De León
Felicia Mercado as Eugenia Mendizábal de Ballesteros
Carlos Monden as Ignacio Ballesteros
Melba Luna as Yolanda Uribe
Héctor Cruz as Det . Romero Gil
Gerardo Albarrán as Samuel López
Gustavo Rojo as Lic . Carlos Guillén
Alicia Fahr as Gloria
Patricio Castillo as Antonio Ramírez Lugo `` El Padrino ''
Raúl Magaña as David Díaz de León Lavalle
Jorge Poza as Agustin Aguilar
Benjamín Rivero as Luis Ponce `` El Duende ''
Giovan D'Angelo as Ricardo Leyva
Condorito Jr. as Juan Téllez
Vilma Sotomayor as Sonia
Margarita Magaña as Loreta Mendiola
Julio Mannino as Ernesto `` Neto '' Ornelas
Juan Carlos Bonet as Mariano Díaz de León ( young )
Ernesto Godoy as Julio Otero Robles ( young )
Dominika Paleta as Fernanda Lavalle de Díaz de León ( young )
Polly as Micaela Ornelas ( young )
Oscar Traven as Efraín Ayala
Guillermo Aguilar as Dr. Guízar
Jordi Landeta as Daniel Díaz de León Lavalle ( child )
Ximena Adriana as Azucena Garza ( child )
Jorge Trejo as Ernesto `` Neto '' Ornelas ( child )
Mauricio Aspe as Anselmo
Arlette Pacheco as Malena
Ramón Menéndez as Dr. Lavat
Alejandra Barros as Thelma
Elizabeth Aguilar as Mrs. Encino
Ricardo Vera as Alfonso Nájera
Alfonso Iturralde as Octavio Mendiola
Pablo Alejandro Byrne as Agustín ( child )
Silvia Valdez as Yolanda ( young )
Rosángela Balbó as Dr. Guzmán
Arleth Terán as Brisia
César Castro as Lic . Urquiza
Rafael del Villar as Félix
Carmelita González as Elodia
Mario Iván Martínez as Francesco
Lourdes Reyes as Estela Hidalgo
Sergio Sánchez as Miguel Ángel Bouvier
Irma Torres as Leonora
Raúl Valerio as Lic . Tinoco
Jacqueline Voltaire as Mrs. Mier y Terán
Guillermo Zarur as El Abuelo
Kika Edgar as Blanca 's voice
References
External links
2000 telenovelas
Mexican telenovelas
2000 Mexican television series debuts
2001 Mexican television series endings
Television shows set in Mexico
Televisa telenovelas
Spanish-language telenovelas
Geir Televik ( born 23 July 1971 ) is a retired Norwegian football striker .
They started their career in Tornado FK . For IL Hødd they participated in their promotion to the highest level after the 1994 season . They scored 13 goals in the 1995 Norwegian Premier League ; only five players had more goals . After the 1996 season they were sold to Molde FK for .
They spent some time in the early summer of 1998 on loan to Hødd . After the 1998 season Reading F.C . had them on trial , but neither Televik nor Trond Strande was offered a contract . Televik was released from Molde in December . They rejoined Hødd . In late 1999 they were loaned by Aalesunds FK for the playoffs to the First Division . They retired after the 2005 season .
References
1971 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
IL Hødd players
Molde FK players
Aalesunds FK players
Eliteserien players
People from Sogn og Fjordane
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Vestland
Tongyaung is a village in Banmauk Township , Katha District , in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma .
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
The 2020 Emperor 's Cup ( ) was the 100th edition of the annual Japanese national football cup tournament . The tournament , originally scheduled to begin on 23 May , was rescheduled to begin on 16 September and ended with the final on 1 January 2021 at the National Stadium .
The number of teams was reduced to 50 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in Japan , and subsequently changed to 52 teams . Both the champions of the 2020 J2 League and the 2020 J3 League entered at the quarter-finals . The top two teams from the 2020 J1 League entered at the semi-finals .
The defending champions were Vissel Kobe but they were unable to defend the title as they failed to qualify through the top two of the 2020 J1 League .
The J1 League champions Kawasaki Frontale completed the double by beating the league 's runners-up Gamba Osaka in the final , earning their first Emperor 's Cup title .
Calendar
The revised schedule was announced on 18 June 2020 .
Regional allocation
JFA decided that 48 amateur teams would be split into 8 regions , and each region would be represented by 1 team in the Fourth Round . 8 regions were based on 9 regional football associations in Japan ( Hokkaido & Tohoku would be merged into a single region ) .
Kantō ( all 8 prefectural representative teams participate from First Round ) ;
Kyushu ( all 8 prefectural representative teams participate from First Round ) ;
Hokushinetsu ( 5 prefectural representative teams , with 3 teams participate from Second Round and 2 teams participate from First Round ) ;
Tōkai ( 4 prefectural representative teams plus Honda FC , with 3 teams participate from Second Round and 2 teams participate from First Round ) ;
Chūgoku ( 5 prefectural representative teams , with 3 teams participate from Second Round and 2 teams participate from First Round ) ;
Hokkaido & Tohoku ( 7 prefectural representative teams , with 1 team participate from Second Round and 6 teams participate from First Round ) ;
Shikoku ( all 4 prefectural representative teams participate from Second Round ) ;
Kansai ( 6 prefectural representative teams , with 2 teams participate from Second Round and 4 teams participate from First Round ) ;
Participating clubs
52 clubs will compete in the tournament .
Bracket
Source : Tournament table ( Official website in Japanese )
Hokkaido & Tohoku Regions
Kantō Region
Hokushinetsu Region
Tōkai Region
Kansai Region
Chūgoku Region
Shikoku Region
Kyushu Region
Fourth & Fifth Round
Finals
First Round
The draw for the first through third rounds was conducted on 29 July 2020 .
Hokkaido & Tohoku Regions
Kantō Region
Hokushinetsu Region
Tōkai Region
Kansai Region
Chūgoku Region
Kyushu Region
Second Round
Source : Fixtures/Results ( Official website in Japanese）
Hokkaido & Tohoku Regions
Kantō Region
Hokushinetsu Region
Tōkai Region
Kansai Region
Chūgoku Region
Shikoku Region
Kyushu Region
Third Round
Hokkaido & Tohoku Regions
Kantō Region
Hokushinetsu Region
Tōkai Region
Kansai Region
Chūgoku Region
Shikoku Region
Kyushu Region
Fourth Round
Fifth Round
Venues for the fifth round through the semi-finals were announced on 10 December , depending on the teams advanced to the respective matches .
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
See also
Japan Football Association ( JFA )
J.League
2020 J1 League ( I )
2020 J2 League ( II )
2020 J3 League ( III )
2020 Japan Football League ( IV )
2020 Japanese Regional Leagues ( V/VI )
2020 Fuji Xerox Super Cup ( Super Cup )
2020 Emperor 's Cup ( National Cup )
2020 J.League YBC Levain Cup ( League Cup )
References
External links
2020 Emperor 's Cup – official website at JLeague.jp
Emperor 's Cup
Emperor 's Cup
Cup
Emperor 's Cup
Simon Akam is a British journalist and historian of the British Army .
Early life
Akam was born in Cambridge and educated at The Perse School , the University of Oxford , and Columbia University . During their gap year in 2003 , they served a short service limited commission as a second lieutenant in the British Army .
Published works
Akam has written for a number of publications including The Guardian , The New York Times , Reuters , The Economist , GQ , and The Atlantic .
The Changing of the Guard
In 2015 , Akam was commissioned by Penguin Random House imprint William Heinemann to write a book on the British Army . Amid controversy , the book deal was later cancelled , and the resulting book was instead published by Scribe Publications in 2021 . The book 's eventual publication provoked debate , with Anthony Loyd writing in the New Statesman that the book 'exposes the failures of the British army ' .
Awards and honours
In 2021 , Akam was shortlisted for the Orwell Prize .
In 2021 , Akam and Natasha Loder jointly won a Feature of the Year prize from the Medical Journalists ' Association .
Works
The Changing of the Guard : The British Army Since 9/11 ( 2021 )
Notes
External links
Simon Akam 's website
Living people
21st-century English historians
Date of birth missing ( living people )
English military historians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Patrick Melton ( born June 18 , 1975 ) is an American screenwriter , producer and novelist .
Background
Melton was born in Champaign , Illinois , but grew up mostly in Evanston , Illinois . They attended Evanston Township High School , and graduated from the University of Iowa with a Bachelor 's Degree in Communication Studies . They also attended Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles , where they received a MFA in screenwriting . They are the writing partner of college friend Marcus Dunstan .
Film career
In 2004 , Melton won Project Greenlight Season 3 along with Marcus Dunstan and John Gulager . The TV show premiered on Bravo and resulted in the horror/comedy film Feast . Based on its success , two sequels followed , Feast II : Sloppy Seconds and Feast III : The Happy Finish . However , it was Melton 's involvement with Saw , the most successful horror franchise of all-time , that brought them worldwide recognition and international box office success . They wrote Saw IV , Saw V , Saw VI , and Saw 3D for a worldwide take of nearly $ 500,000,000 . Additionally , Melton wrote the home invasion thriller The Collector , which was directed by their longtime writing partner , Marcus Dunstan .
Melton and Dunstan adapted the acclaimed graphic novel Smoke and Guns by Kirsten Baldock and Fabio Moon .
In the fall of 2006 , Dimension Films preemptively acquired a dark and edgy horror/thriller spec script from Melton and Dunstan titled The Neighbor for a six-figures .
Additionally , the writing team of Melton & Dunstan have performed writing duties on Lionsgate 's My Bloody Valentine 3D , Piranha 3D by Alexandre Aja , a remake of Clive Barker 's Hellraiser , a remake of William Castle 's classic horror film The Tingler at Columbia Pictures for producer Neal Moritz , a remake of Scanners by David Cronenberg , a film adaptation of the classic sci-fi TV anthology The Outer Limits for MGM , and the action/adventure tentpole Pacific Rim by Guillermo del Toro for Legendary Pictures and Warner Bros .
On February 8 , 2010 , Melton told the film website Latino Review that Saw 3D was most likely the last entry in the Saw franchise .
The sequel to Melton and Dunstan 's horror film The Collector , named The Collection and again directed by Dunstan , started filming in Atlanta , GA during the spring of 2011 . It was theatrically released in 2012 .
In November 2011 , it was announced that Melton 's debut horror/thriller novel , Black Light , would be adapted into a film with The Social Network '' 's producer Michael De Luca .
In December 2011 , Melton sold a sci-fi pitch titled Rise to Warner Bros. along with their writing partner Marcus Dunstan . David Karlak was attached to direct and Roy Lee , producer of The Ring , was attached to produce .
Melton and Dunstan performed writing work on the religious-themed horror/thriller film titled The Occult to be directed by Christian E. Christiansen and starring Rufus Sewell and Anne Heche , which is filming in 2012 with a theatrical release slated for 2013 .
In July 2012 , The Hollywood Reporter reported that Melton and Dunstan were hired to adapt the God of War film .
In September 2012 , Deadline Hollywood reported that Melton and Dunstan were hired to rewrite the fantasy project Waterproof for Legendary Pictures .
In June 2013 , Melton sold a sci-fi pitch titled Outliers to 20th Century Fox along with their writing partner Marcus Dunstan . David Karlak is attached to direct and Peter Chernin , producer of Rise of the Planet of the Apes , is attached to produce . In 2015 they co-wrote a screenplay for the 11th Halloween installment , which was originally planned with a release in 2015 under the direction of Dunstan .
In October 2016 , Melton , along with partner Dunstan , were selected to write for the adaptation of Brandon Sanderson 's The Way of Kings .
Filmography
Film
Television
With success in film , Melton and Dunstan set their sights on television and sold several ideas to FOX , CBS , and ABC . In October 2006 , the duo sold their first television idea to FOX titled The Vineyard . It was a raunchy half-hour horror/comedy with Family Guy show runner Chris Sheridan attached as Executive Producer .
In 2008 , Melton and Dunstan sold an hourlong drama to CBS titled The Good Neighbor .
Melton and Dunstan collaborated with Clive Barker in 2009 and sold an hourlong drama titled Clive Barker 's Hotel to ABC . McG was attached to produce .
Novels
On October 5 , 2011 , Melton 's debut novel , Black Light , co-written with Marcus Dunstan and Stephen Romano , was released by Mulholland Books , an imprint of Little , Brown and Company , and in the UK by Mulholland Books , an imprint of Hodder & Stoughton . It is currently being adapted into a film for producer Michael De Luca .
2011 Black Light ''
References
External links
Twitter
Instagram
Scripts & Scribes Interview with Patrick Melton
1975 births
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
Living people
Loyola Marymount University alumni
People from Champaign , Illinois
University of Iowa alumni
Colonel Light Gardens is a suburb located within the Australian City of Mitcham in the greater Adelaide region , approximately south of the Adelaide city centre . The area is . Planned as a garden suburb , it is known for wide , tree-lined streets , presentable postwar bungalow homes , rounded street corners , and much manicured , well maintained open space .
It contains Colonel Light Gardens Primary School , the Colonel Light Gardens RSL Sub-Branch , a number of sporting clubs using the name Reade Park , and a multitude of historical parks and gardens . It also contains many paved and unpaved laneways , alleyways and bike tracks .
The suburb is of irregular shape and follows Goodwood Road . The major part of the suburb is east of Goodwood Road and is bounded by Grange Road ( north ) , Goodwood Road ( west ) , and Springbank Road ( south ) , and the suburbs of Westbourne Park , Lower Mitcham , Clapham and Panorama . A smaller part of the suburb is west of Goodwood Road and divides the neighbouring Daw Park into two unjoined parts which are the northern and southern boundaries of this smaller part .
Naming
The land east of Goodwood Road was purchased from the `` Grange Farm '' portion of the estate of William Ranson Mortlock in June 1915 , and was initially referred to as Mortlock Park . For the next six years there was much debate and many proposals for the name of the suburb , including `` Mitcham Garden Suburb '' , `` Garden Suburb , Adelaide '' , `` Light Garden Suburb '' , `` William Light Garden Suburb '' , `` Light Gardens '' and at least half-a-dozen other names .
In April 1921 , the Attorney-General ( Henry Barwell ) noted that `` Colonel Light Gardens to be the name of the Garden Suburb '' . The suburb is named after the first Surveyor-General of Adelaide , Colonel William Light .
The land west of Goodwood Road was purchased from the Estate of Shobbrooks , and a smaller block was purchased from A. Hann . This became part of Colonel Light Gardens in 1924 . There have been a number of attempts to rename this area to Daw Park .
For many years residents in the northern section of the suburb adopted Reade Park as their address to distinguish themselves from the Thousand Homes Scheme area . This use was never officially recognised , and over the years has steadily declined . Nevertheless , the Reade Park Bowling Club , the Reade Park Tennis Club and the Reade Park Croquet Club are all located in the northern part of Colonel Light Gardens .
History
The part of the suburb east of Goodwood Road was used as an army training camp during World War I , and prior to this the area was known as Grange Farm .
An area of 1.2 km2 was purchased in June 1915 by the Vaughan Labor government from the estate of William Tennant Mortlock . The Government decided to establish it as a 'model garden suburb ' following New Zealand town planner Charles Reade 's 1914 Australian Town Planning Tour . ( South Australia appointed Reade as a town planning adviser in 1916 . They became SA 's first official Town Planner in 1918 , retaining the position until 1920 . )
The Post Office on Goodwood Road originally opened as Light 's Gardens , was renamed Colonel Light Gardens on 1 January 1929 and Daw Park in 1967 .
Until the 1970s the suburb was administered under the Garden Suburb Act and controlled by a South Australian government appointed Garden Suburb Commissioner , who carried out the functions of local government until it was eventually absorbed by the Mitcham Council .
The suburb contains many well preserved bungalow homes , and in October 1999 was placed on the Register of The National Estate . In 2000 the suburb was declared a State Heritage Area ; for the heritage significance of Colonel Light Gardens , see the State Heritage Branch web page on Colonel Light Gardens .
The suburb has an unusual layout – when viewed from the air , part of the suburb is said by some to resemble the rising sun symbol of the Australian military , and by others to resemble a Union Flag . However , it was not designed this way . The Colonel Light Gardens Historical Society webpage `` Urban Myth '' discusses these .
Schools
The primary school main building is heritage listed , and each building is named after a historic South Australian figure : Isabell Doolette , William Ranson Mortlock , Charles Reade , Gil Langley and the Grange Farm . The school was established in 1926 and has about 630 students from Reception to Year 7 .
Transport
The suburb is served by Adelaide Metro buses along Goodwood Road , East Parkway , Grange Road and Springbank Road .
The closest railway stations , Mitcham and Torrens Park on the Belair railway line , are situated some distance to the east on Belair Road . ( Clapham station was closed in 1995 . )
Politics
Local government : City of Mitcham , Gault Ward
State government : Electoral district of Elder in the South Australian House of Assembly
Federal government : Seat of Boothby in the Australian House of Representatives
See also
List of Adelaide suburbs
References
External links
Entry in Australian Heritage database
Mitcham Council 's information page
Colonel Light Gardens Historical Society
South Australian State Heritage Area-Colonel Light Gardens
Suburbs of Adelaide
Planned cities in Australia
War of Ages is the first full-length album by Christian metal band War of Ages . It was released on the 2005 on Strike First Records , a branch of Facedown Records .
Track listing
`` Intro '' - ( 0:14 )
`` Stand Your Ground '' - ( 4:47 )
`` Brothers in Arms '' - ( 3:58 )
`` False Prophet '' - ( 4:31 )
`` Only the Strong Survive '' - ( 3:37 )
`` My Solitude '' - ( 3:27 )
`` Battle On '' - ( 5:31 )
`` One Day '' - ( 4:33 )
`` Scars of Tomorrow '' - ( 3:18 )
`` Broken Before You '' - ( 3:51 )
`` Second Chance '' - ( 3:48 )
Personnel
War of Ages
Leroy Hamp – lead vocals
Steve Brown – lead guitar , backing vocals
Kang Garnic - rhythm guitar
Nate Owensby - bass
Rob Kerner - drums
Production
Dave Quiggle - artwork
2005 debut albums
War of Ages albums
Westmount Park ( ) is a public park in Westmount , Quebec , Canada . It is located on Sherbrooke Street West .
History
In 1892 , the city of Westmount purchased of land for a park in order to preserve its rustic appearance . A few years later , the park was expanded its boundaries from Sherbrooke Street to Western Avenue ( today De Maisonneuve Boulevard ) . Since its expansion , it has occupied of land .
In 1899 , Quebec 's first public library ( Victoria Hall ) was built in the park .
In 1912 , J. Howard Manning landscaped the park on behalf of the city . The park 's design was inspired by the work of Frederick Law Olmsted , the landscape architect of Mount Royal . The park was designed around existing natural streams , ravines and wooded areas .
Flowerbeds were planted and a bandstand was constructed . In 1964 , the park was renovated by the firm McFadzean & Everly . Lawns were decorated , trees were cut and the stream that crosses the park was redeveloped .
Features
The park has a playground , flower beds , two soccer fields , a Canadian football field , and several tennis courts ( both hardcourts and clay courts ) . A stream winds through the middle of the park and is lined by trees and benches .
The Westmount Arena and municipal pool are located in the southwest corner of the park , while the Westmount Public Library and Victoria Hall are located in the northwest corner .
The park also seasonally features a large floral clock , installed in 1926 , measuring six meters in diameter and composed of more than 7,000 ornamental plants .
References
External links
Parks in Montreal
Westmount , Quebec
Timespirits was an eight-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics as part of its Epic Comics imprint in 1984 . It was created by writer Stephen Perry and Tom Yeates . In a report published by Folha de S.Paulo , many have pointed to plagiarism of the comic committed by Avatar , the James Cameron film .
Issues
Indian Spring , October 1984
The Spurtyn Duyvel - part one—Death of a Timespirit , December 1984
The Spurtyn Duyvel—part two—The Blacksack of King Ogam , February 1985
A Boy and their Dinosaur , April 1985
A Song and a Danse , July 1985
The Jungle Beat , September 1985
The Hand of the Yeti , December 1985
Filet of Soul , March 1986
Notes
References
External links
An overview of the series by Johnny Bacardi
1984 comics debuts
Sir Thomas Hare , 5th Baronet ( 27 July 1930 – 25 January 1993 ) was an English first-class cricketer . Hare played first-class cricket for Cambridge University and the Free Foresters in 1953–54 . They succeeded their father as the 5th Baronet of the Stow Hall Baronetcy in 1976 , before being succeeded by their cousin upon their death in 1993 .
Life and first-class cricket
The son of Sir Ralph Hare and their wife , Doreen Pleasance Anna Bagge , they were born at Westminster in July 1930 . They were educated at Eton College , before going up to Magdalene College , Cambridge . They debuted in minor counties cricket for Norfolk in the 1947 Minor Counties Championship . In between leaving Eton and going up to the University of Cambridge , Hare carried out their National Service with the Coldstream Guards as a second lieutenant in June 1949 , with promotion to the rank of lieutenant in December 1950 . While at Cambridge they made their debut in first-class cricket for Cambridge University against Sussex at Fenner 's in 1953 . They made eight further appearances for Cambridge in 1953 , scoring 218 runs at an average of 15.57 , with a high score of 47 . With right-arm fast-medium bowling they took 18 wickets at a bowling average of 37.55 , with best figures of 5 for 35 , which came against Worcestershire . They played their final two minor counties fixtures for Norfolk in 1954 , as well as appearing in a first-class fixture for the Free Foresters against Cambridge University .
They married Lady Rose Amanda Bligh in September 1961 , with the couple having two children . Upon the death of their father in October 1976 , they succeeded them as the 5th Baronet . Hare died at King 's Lynn in January 1993 . Upon their death , they were succeeded as the 6th Baronet by their cousin , Philip .
References
External links
1930 births
1993 deaths
People from Westminster
People educated at Eton College
English cricketers
Norfolk cricketers
Coldstream Guards officers
Alumni of Magdalene College , Cambridge
Cambridge University cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Tenyo Ohta ( 1884 – 24 February 1946 ) was a Japanese painter . Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
1884 births
1946 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Tokyo
Under New Management is a Canadian television reality series , which premiered on CBC Television in March 2019 . Hosted by Canadian venture capitalist Arlene Dickinson , the series features Dickinson guiding aspiring business owners through the process of buying a company .
CBC broadcast the series pilot in 2017 as a special , with two investors who were each guided by Dickinson through three potential businesses . The network announced in 2018 that it had ordered a full series , which started on March 15 , 2019 .
References
External links
CBC Television original programming
2010s Canadian reality television series
2019 Canadian television series debuts
The glossy antshrike ( Sakesphorus luctuosus ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae , the antbirds .
The glossy antshrike is endemic to Brazil , and can only be found near the Amazon River 's outlet at the western Atlantic Ocean , and mostly the southern side of the river- ( except southern regions of Amapá state ) ; its range extent west to east is about 3000 km ( 1,865 mi ) in a contiguous region . The range includes the island at the river 's mouth , Marajó Island .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps .
References
External links
Glossy antshrike photo gallery VIREO Phote-High Res
glossy antshrike
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Birds of Brazil
Endemic birds of Brazil
glossy antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
George Gobat ( born at Charmoilles , in the Diocese of Basel , now Doubs , France , 1 July 1600 ; died 23 March 1679 ) was a French Jesuit theologian .
Life
They entered the Society of Jesus , 1 June 1618 . After teaching the humanities they were professor of sacred sciences at Fribourg , Switzerland ( 1631–41 ) , and of moral theology at the Jesuit college in Halle , Belgium ( 1641–44 ) . They then are at Munich ( 1644–47 ) , rector at Halle ( 1647–51 ) , and professor of moral theology at Ratisbon ( 1651–54 ) . They were rector at Fribourg ( 1654–56 ) , and professor of moral theology at Constance ( 1656–60 ) , where they were also penitentiary of the cathedral , a post they retained until their death .
Works
Besides their `` Disputationes in Aristotelem '' ( Fribourg , 1633–34 ) , and the Latin translation , `` Narratio historica eorum quæ Societatis Jesu in Nova Francia fortiter egit et passa est anno 1648-49 '' , from the French of Father Raguenau , S.J. , there are mentioned smaller works on the Jubilee and on indulgences , and a collection of practical cases on the Sacraments entitled `` Alphabetum '' . Later these cases were republished under the title `` Experentiæ Theologicæ sive experimentalis theologia '' ( Munich , 1669 and Constance , 1670 ) . The `` Alphabetum quadraplex de voto , juramento , blasphemia , superstitione '' appeared at Constance in 1672 . These works were several times republished in three volumes under the heading `` Opera Moralia '' , for instance , at Douai , 1701 , the last edition being published at Venice , 1749 .
Gobat follows the casuistic method , treating the different questions in a clear and simple style , and applying them especially to existing conditions in Germany , conditions well known to them from the confessional and the numerous cases referred to them for settlement . Several of their doctrines were later condemned by the Holy See , notably by Pope Innocent XI in 1679 , the year of Gobat 's death . The Douai edition ( 1701 ) of the `` Opera Moralia '' drew from Mgr . Gui de Sève de Rochechouart , Bishop of Arras , the censure of thirty-two propositions . The adversaries of the Jesuits in France , Germany , and Holland , eagerly seized the occasion for an attack on the `` Jesuit moral '' , but several apologies were published to counter this ; among these defenders of Gobat were Gabriel Daniel , S. J. , who wrote `` Apologie pour la doctrine des Jésuites '' ( Liege , 1703 ) and Johann Christoph Rassler , S.J. , author of `` Vindiciæ Gobatianæ '' ( Ingolstadt , 1706 ) .
References
Attribution
The entry cites :
Augustin de Backer and Carlos Sommervogel , Bibl . des éscrivains de la comp . de Jésus ;
Ignaz von Döllinger and Franz Heinrich Reusch , Gesch . der moralstreitigkeiten in der röm.-kath . Kirche ( Nördlingen , 1890 , I , 292 sqq . ;
Hugo von Hurter , Nomenclator , s.v . ;
Kirchenlexicon , s.v . ;
Kirchliches handlexicon , s.v .
1600 births
1679 deaths
17th-century French Jesuits
17th-century French Catholic theologians
Grays Court is a Grade I listed house in York , England . The house is within the city walls near York Minster . Dating back in part to 1080 and commissioned by the first Norman Archbishop of York to provide the official residence for the Treasurers of York Minster .
History
The house was surrendered to the Crown on 26 May 1547 and William Cliffe , the last of the medieval Treasurers , was made dean of Chester . The first post-Reformation owner was Edward Seymour , Duke of Somerset . They were given the house in 1547 by Edward VI , the son of Henry VIII .
The Sterne Room was built in mid 18th century for Jaques Sterne , Precentor and Canon Residentiary of the Minster and uncle of Laurence Sterne . The marble plaque on the fireplace is of Augusta , wife of Frederick , Prince of Wales , and mother of George III .
The house became `` Gray 's Court '' when William and Faith Gray moved into the house in Minster Yard in 1788 . Life at the house was recorded by Faith Gray who was a keen diarist but they also worked , with Catharine Cappe et al , to establish a school for poor girls . They helped transform the Grey ( now Blue ) Coat School and they started a Friendly Society . Faith died at Gray 's Court on Boxing Day in 1826 .
The 300m stretch of the city walls which bounds Grays Court was donated to the City in 1878 by Edwin Gray ( c 1847-1929 ) , the Lord Mayor of York . Their wife , Almyra Gray wrote a history of their family in this building Papers and diaries of a York family 1764–1839 . The book includes details of the family . Almyra died here in 1939 . Composer Alan Gray ( 1855-1935 ) , was the brother of Edwin Gray and grew up in the house .
Grays Court has been privately owned since 2005 , and is now a hotel .
References
External links
grayscourtyork.com
Grade I listed buildings in York
Hotels in York
Marie-Adélaïde Baubry-Vaillant ( 1829 – after 1881 ) was a French painter .
Baubry-Vaillant was born in Paris and was a pupil of Joseph Nicolas Robert-Fleury and Alphonse Louis Galbrund .
References
Marie-Adélaïde Baubry-Vaillant on artnet
1829 births
Painters from Paris
19th-century French painters
French women painters
19th-century French women artists
Year of death missing
The South African National Defence Force ( SANDF ) comprises the armed forces of South Africa . The commander of the SANDF is appointed by the President of South Africa from one of the armed services . They are in turn accountable to the Minister of Defence and Military Veterans of the Defence Department .
The military as it exists today was created in 1994 , following South Africa 's first nonracial election in April of that year and the adoption of a new constitution . It replaced the South African Defence Force and also integrated uMkhonto we Sizwe ( MK ) , and the Azanian People 's Liberation Army ( APLA ) guerilla forces .
History
Integration process
In 1994 , the SANDF took over the personnel and equipment from the SADF and integrated forces from the former Bantustan homelands forces , as well as personnel from the former guerrilla forces of some of the political parties involved in South Africa , such as the African National Congress 's Umkhonto we Sizwe , the Pan Africanist Congress 's Azanian People 's Liberation Army and the Self-Protection Units of the Inkatha Freedom Party ( IFP ) . The Azanian People 's Organization ' s AZANLA was invited but refused to be integrated and to this day remains the only guerrilla force not integrated into the current force .
As of 2004 , the integration process was considered complete , with retaining personnel , structure , and equipment from the SADF . However , due to integration problems , financial constraints , and other issues , the SANDF faced capability constraints .
The South African Commando System was a civil militia active until 2008 , based upon local units from the size of company to battalion . In its final years its role was to support the South African Police Service during internal operations . During such deployments the units came under SAPS control .
1999 re-armament
In 1999 , a R30 billion ( US $ 4.8 billion ) purchase of weaponry by the South African Government was finalised , which has been subject to allegations of corruption . The South African Department of Defence 's Strategic Defence Acquisition purchased frigates , submarines , light utility helicopters , lead-in fighter trainer and multirole combat aircraft .
Decline
State capture ( 2011/12 to 2017 ) had a debilitating effect on Denel and consequently the country 's defence capability . In 2014 some 62 % of the SANDF 's facilities and housing were deemed to be in unacceptable condition , of which 4 % were hazardous , another 2 % fit to be demolished , and some occupied by squatters . This contributed to low soldier morale and poor discipline . Equipment became largely obsolete due to inadequate maintenance , while renewal stalled with devastating effect on the defence industry . According to the Department of Defence 's 2014 Defence Review , the SANDF was `` in a critical state of decline '' . A series of cuts to its capital and operating budgets compromised a number of capabilities .
In 2017 and 2021 respectively , 83 and some 200 to 500 out-of-service military vehicles were destroyed in fires at the Wallmansthal vehicle depot , and a spokesperson was not available to liaise with the press . Notwithstanding , it was reported to parliament in 2022 , that technical skills gained from personnel of the Cuban RAF facilitated the preservation and maintenance of over 600,000 infantry weapons . Their mechanical and vehicular skills allowed for the inspection , repair , refurbishment and/or de-activation of vehicles in the special forces and the four arms of service fleets , besides the implementation of stock control and technical support measures , and the rehabilitation of army workshops and work stations .
After submissions to parliament by Armscor , earlier in 2022 , a spokesperson for the official opposition , the DA , stated that the country 's defence capability had been weakened to the extent that it was unprepared for a serious security challenge . The Navy and Air Force were highlighted as easy targets , as only one of the four frigates were serviceable , and none of the submarines , while only 46 of 217 fixed-wing aircraft were serviceable ( with all VIP aircraft grounded ) , and only 27 of 87 helicopters . Budget and hardware constraints also compromised flight training and exercises , besides the retention of experienced pilots and personnel . The defence minister 's appointment of an Air Force chief , Wiseman Mbambo , who can not fly a plane and does n't have a pilot 's licence was also criticized . The SANDF had only 14 infantry battalions consisting of 12,000 soldiers in aggregate , of which five were deployed in peacekeeping and border patrol , leaving only nine to serve as home or rapid response units .
In February 2022 the power supply to its Navy headquarters in Pretoria was disconnected when its municipal taxes were in arrears to the amount of R3.2 million . During the same month Sandu threatened legal action if the dilapidated Air Force headquarters building in Pretoria were not repaired to facilitate acceptable working conditions . In March 2022 the SANDF and Navy were locked out of several office buildings in Pretoria due to rent defaults by the Department of Public Works . 63 % of the 2022/23 defence budget was allocated to employee compensation .
In 2022 the SANDF was involved in multiple corruption scandals totaling R2 billion ; one of which involved 56 SANDF personnel two of whom were generals all of whom were suspended . An additional 13 SANDF personal from the Logistics , Joint Operations and Special Forces divisions were convicted for corruption in another incident .
Domestic operations
, the SANDF was involved in several internal operations , including :
Safeguarding the border ( Operation CORONA )
Disaster relief and assistance ( Operation CHARIOT )
Safety and security ( Operation PROSPER )
Ridding the country of illegal weapons , drug dens , prostitution rings and other illegal activities ( Operation FIELA )
In 2021 , SANDF forces were deployed in response to the civil unrest following the jailing on corruption charges of former president Jacob Zuma . By 14 July , over 25,000 troops had been deployed . The largest single deployment of the South African National Defence Force since 1994 .
International operations
The SANDF partakes in UN peacekeeping missions , mostly on the African continent . As part of the SADC standby force it partakes in peace missions in the DRC and northern Mozambique . It also provides foreign election security when needed .
Organisation and structure
Overall command is vested in an officer-designated Chief of the SANDF ( CSANDF ) . Appointed from any of the Arms of Service , they are the only person in the SANDF at the rank of General or Admiral , and is accountable to the Minister of Defence and Veteran Affairs , who heads the Department of Defence
The structure of the SANDF is depicted below :
In 2010 , a Defence Amendment Bill created a permanent National Defence Force Service Commission ( NDFSC ) , a body that will advise the Minister of Defence and Military Veterans on the improvement of conditions of service of members of the South African National Defence Force ( SANDF ) .
Members of the Commission include the Chiefs of the service arms , as well as the Chief of Defence Intelligence as well as the Chief of Joint Operations
Four armed services make up the forces of the SANDF :
South African Army
South African Air Force
South African Navy
South African Military Health Service
The Joint Operations Division is responsible for co-ordinating all Joint Operations involving any or all of the four services . The South African Special Forces Brigade is the only organic unit under the direct command of the Joint Operations division . Unlike most other special forces it is not part of the Army or any other branch of the SANDF .
Publications and access to records
The SANDF publishes ( or provides links ) to documents describing its strategy , plans , performance , white papers and related government acts . Under the Promotion of Access to Information Act 2000 ( PAIA ) , the SANDF also provides access to current and historical information the SANDF holds and provides a manual with procedures for obtaining access . Some categories of records are `` automatically available '' that are `` available without a person having to request access in terms of the PAIA . These records can be accessed at the Department of Defence Archives and include operational records of the 1st World War , 2nd World War , Korean War , and establishment of the Union Defence Force 1912 .
Personnel
On 31 March 2019 , the demographics of service personnel were as follows :
55,866 ( 75 % ) Black
8,479 ( 11.4 % ) White
981 ( 1.3 % ) Indian
9,162 ( 12.3 % ) Coloureds
The gender split in the SANDF as of 31 March 2019 is as follows :
51,684 men ( 69.4 % )
22,824 women ( 30.6 % )
The target for female recruits increased to 40 % in 2010 .
2012 Defence Review
The South African Defence Review 2012 is a policy review process carried out by a panel of experts , chaired by retired politician and former Minister of Defence , Roelf Meyer . The review was commissioned by Lindiwe Sisulu the then Minister of Defence and Military Veterans , in July 2011 . The review was motivated by the need to correct the errors and shortcomings of the previous review . According to defence minister Lindiwe Sisulu , the old report was no longer relevant to South Africa 's current situation .
See also
List of South African military chiefs
Military history of South Africa
South African military decorations
References
Further reading
https : //www.defenceweb.co.za/sa-defence/sa-defence-sa-defence/landward-force-makes-up-over-half-of-sandf-strength/ - SANDF strength numbers 2014/15
External links
South African Department of Defence
Defence Act ( Act 42 of 2002 )
Military units and formations established in 1994
Theodor Bergqvist ( 13 May 1885 – 13 January 1969 ) was a Swedish wrestler . They competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1885 births
1969 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Sweden
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Swedish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Gothenburg
The First Fruits festivals of the Nguni peoples in Southern Africa are a type of sacrificial ceremony of giving the first fruits in a harvest to God believed to be responsible for the abundance of food . It was performed by the high priests of the kingdom , and the king was always in attendance . Traditionally , it marked a time of prosperity in the good harvests experienced after the seasonal agricultural period .
It also brought the nation together , unifying it at a time of merrymaking and quashing fears of famine .
The tradition is still practiced mainly in the kingdoms of KwaZulu-Natal and Swaziland . The ceremonies are headed by the kings of the tribes : Mswati III in Swaziland , celebrated as Incwala , and King Goodwill Zwelithini of the Zulu nation , celebrated as Umkhosi Wokweshwama .
References
Nguni
Harvest festivals
Wayne Richard Bianchin ( born September 6 , 1953 ) is a Canadian-born Italian former professional ice hockey Left Winger . They played in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Penguins and Edmonton Oilers between 1973 and 1980 . Internationally Bianchin played for the Italian national team at the 1981 World Championship B Pool .
Career
After scoring 60 goals in 68 games with the WCJHL 's Flin Flon Bombers in 1972–73 , Bianchin was selected 23rd overall by the Pittsburgh Penguins at the 1973 NHL Amateur Draft . They recorded 25 points their rookie year , but suffered a broken neck while body surfing during the offseason . They spent the next season split between the AHL and NHL while recovering . They suffered their 2nd back surgery and was left unprotected on the NHL Intra League Draft . Their best season came in 1976-77 when they played 79 games for the Penguins and scored 28 goals ; they also appeared in the playoffs for the only time of their career . The Edmonton Oilers acquired Bianchin in the 1979 NHL Expansion Draft but they would serve just eleven games with them due to a nagging back . They chose to play a reduced schedule and played two seasons in Italy with HC Asiago and AS Mastini Varese . They were a member of the Italian national team at the Group B World Championships in 1981 and lead the tournament with scoring and was selected to the First Line All-Star Team .
Family
Their son , Jordan Bianchin , played professional hockey for three seasons in the Central Hockey League and in Italy 's Serie A .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and achievements
WEC-B All-Star Team ( 1981 )
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Italy
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian people of Italian descent
Asiago Hockey 1935 players
Calgary Centennials players
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Italian ice hockey players
Edmonton Oilers players
Flin Flon Bombers players
HC Varese players
Hershey Bears players
Houston Apollos players
Ice hockey people from British Columbia
Johnstown Jets players
Kamloops Rockets players
Pittsburgh Penguins draft picks
Pittsburgh Penguins players
Sportspeople from Nanaimo
Victoria Cougars ( WHL ) players
Guayllabamba ( Kichwa : Wayllapampa , `` green plain '' ) is a small agricultural town ( administratively , a rural parish of the canton of Quito ) located 29 kilometers northeast of the city of Quito in northern Ecuador . In the 2001 census , the parish had a population of 12,227 . The elevation is above sea level .
The Zoológico de Quito ( Quito Zoo ) , originally in the Benalcázar parish of Quito , was moved in 1997 to the southwest of the parish . The zoo is the largest in Ecuador .
References
External links
( es ) Zoológico de Guayllabamba
Parishes of Quito Canton
Javier Menghini ( born 27 February 1980 in La Plata , Argentina ) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as defender .
Playing career
Club
Everton
Primera División de Chile ( 1 ) : 2008 Apertura
Alki Larnaca
Cypriot Second Division ( 1 ) : 2009–10
Villa San Carlos
Primera B Metropolitana ( 1 ) : 2012–13
External links
Javier Menghini at BDFA.com.ar
Soccerway Profile
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from La Plata
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Argentine people of Italian descent
Association football defenders
Estudiantes de La Plata footballers
Club Atlético Platense footballers
Defensa y Justicia footballers
Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba footballers
Alki Larnaca FC players
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC players
Everton de Viña del Mar footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Cypriot First Division players
Cypriot Second Division players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Lan Fo'an ( ; born June 1962 ) is a Chinese politician currently serving as governor of Shanxi . They are a member of the 19th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection . They are a delegate to the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party . They are a delegate to the 13th National People 's Congress .
Career
Lan was born in Huidong County , Guangdong , in June 1962 . After graduating from Hubei College of Finance and Economics ( now Zhongnan University of Economics and Law ) in 1985 , they were dispatched to the Ministry of Finance of the People 's Republic of China .
Beginning in November 1988 , they served in several posts in the Guangdong Provincial Finance Department , including section member , principal staff member , and director . In March 1999 , they were appointed vice mayor of Dongguan , but having held the position for only two-and-a-haif years . They moved back to the Guangdong Provincial Finance Department and was appointed its deputy head . In April 2007 , they were promoted to party branch secretary of Guangdong Provincial Audit Department , concurrently holding the head position since March 2008 . In March 2015 , they were transferred to Shaoguan and appointed party secretary , the top political position in the city . They were promoted to vice governor of Guangdong in January 2016 .
In March 2017 , they were transferred to the neighboring Hainan province , they were appointed secretary of its Commission for Discipline Inspection , the party 's agency in charge of anti-corruption efforts . They also served as director of Hainan Provincial Supervisory Commission . They became a member of the Standing Committee of the CPC Hainan Provincial Committee .
In April 2021 , they were transferred to north China 's Shanxi province and appointed deputy party secretary . On June 4 , they were named acting governor of Shanxi , replacing Lin Wu .
References
1962 births
Living people
People from Huidong County , Guangdong
Zhongnan University of Economics and Law alumni
South China University of Technology alumni
Delegates to the 13th National People 's Congress
People 's Republic of China politicians from Guangdong
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Guangdong
