Alan Wurtzel is an American business person , author , speaker , and philanthropist . They spent 13 years as CEO of Circuit City before retiring in 1986 . They now acts as trustee for the Phillips Collection and the Chesapeake Bay Foundation .
Career
Wurtzel received a B.A . from Oberlin College and a J.D . from Yale Law School . They joined Circuit City in 1966 as vice president of legal affairs and then was CEO from 1972 to 1986 . They were chairperson of the board from 1984 to 1994 and vice-chairperson from 1994 to 2001 . Circuit City was profiled as one of the eleven companies in Jim Collins ' 2001 book Good to Great . Wurtzel sold all of their Circuit City Stock in 2000 , and left the company in 2001 . Under their leadership , the company grew to be the best performing Fortune 500 Company for any fifteen-year period between 1965 and 1995 .
Wurtzel was director of Dollar Tree Stores , Inc. , retiring from the board in 2009 , and from 1989 to 1996 , was on the board of Office Depot . They have been an active investor in startup companies and remains on the board of two privately held companies .
On October 9 , 2012 , Wurtzel released their book on the history of Circuit City , Good to Great to Gone , with Diversion Books .
Personal life
Since retiring from Circuit City , Wurtzel has split their time between commercial and non-profit activities . Early on , much of their time was devoted to higher education and K-12 educational reform . They were a trustee of Virginia Commonwealth University where they endowed a professorship in memory of their father , a member of the Virginia State Board of Education and the State Council for Higher Education . They were also a director of not-for-profit standards-based education policy organizations including New American Schools , National Center on Education and the Economy , and the Council for Basic Education . As a member of Virginia 's State Board of Education , they actively participated in the formulation and adoption of the current Standards of Learning program .
Currently , Wurtzel is a trustee of The Phillips Collection , where they have been active in developing its expansion and investment plans ; the Chesapeake Bay Foundation , an environmental group that works to protect the Bay ; the Brady Campaign , a gun violence prevention organization , and their alma mater Oberlin College .
They are married to the playwright Irene Rosenberg Wurtzel , and has three grown children . They live in Washington , D.C. and Delaplane , Virginia .
References
External links
http : //www.jimcollins.com/
http : //circuitcitystory.com/
http : //www.circuitcity.com/
American chief executives
American businesspeople in retailing
American philanthropists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Jura regalia is a medieval legal term which denoted rights that belonged exclusively to the king , either as essential to their sovereignty ( jura majora , jura essentialia ) , such as royal authority ; or accidental ( jura minora , jura accidentalia ) , such as hunting , fishing and mining rights . Many sovereigns in the Middle Ages and in later times claimed the right to seize the revenues of vacant episcopal sees or abbeys , claiming a regalian right . In some countries , especially in France where it was known as droit de régale ( ) , jura regalia came to be applied almost exclusively to that assumed right . A liberty was an area in which the regalian right did not apply .
Rationale
It is a matter of dispute on what ground the temporal rulers claimed the revenues of vacant dioceses and abbeys . Some hold that it is an inherent right of sovereignty ; others state that it is a necessary consequence of the right of investiture ; others make it part of the feudal system ; still others derive it from the advowson , or right which patrons or protectors had over their benefices . Ultimately , it had its origin in the assumption that bishoprics and imperial abbeys , with all their temporalities and privileges , were royal estates given as fiefs to the bishops or abbots , and subject to the feudal laws of the times . At first the right was exercised only during the actual vacancy of a see or abbey , but it was later extended over the whole year following the death of the bishop or abbot . Often , the temporal rulers also claimed the right to collate all the benefices that became vacant during the vacancy of a diocese , with the exception of those to which the cure of souls was attached .
History
It is difficult to determine when and where the jura regalia was first exercised . In the West Frankish Kingdom it made its first appearance probably towards the end of the Carolingian dynasty , that is , in the course of the tenth century .
England
In England , the exact practice prior to the Norman Conquest of England in 1066 is unclear , but for monasteries it is likely that the bishop or the prior administered the estate , and that the revenues did not go to the king . Under King William the Conqueror , the record is also unclear , but the absence of monastic complaints suggests that revenues did not go to the royal treasury .
The first historical mention we find of it is in connection with King William II of England , who , after the death of Lanfranc in 1089 , kept the Diocese of Canterbury vacant for more than three years , during which period the king seized all the archiepiscopal revenues . William II was also known for keeping other bishoprics and abbeys vacant so that their own officials could administer them and keep the income for the king , although recent studies have shown that this was not quite as common as indicated by the complaints of medieval chroniclers . The income from the regalian right was an important , if irregular , source of income for the kings . At least in England under William II , there was a natural tendency to keep the more lucrative offices vacant longer than the poorer offices , thus allowing the royal revenue to be augmented .
Although William 's successor , King Henry I at the start of their reign said they would abandon the practice of leaving ecclesiastical offices vacant in order to secure their revenue for himself , events soon required them to exploit the regalian rights also . Henry 's most recent biographer , C. Warren Hollister , argued that Henry never intended to renounce the exercise of the regalian right , merely the abuses of it that William II was accused of by the monastic chroniclers . The Pipe roll from 1130 shows a number of vacant benefices whose revenues were going to the royal coffers .
During the reign of Henry II of England ( 1154–89 ) it had become an established practice for the King of England to take possession of the revenues of all vacant dioceses , although the king generally allowed a division of revenues between the actual monks and the abbatial office , and did not administer or touch the monks ' income . Revenues from the regalian rights were normally paid into the Exchequer , who would record it on the pipe rolls . That the pope did not recognize the right is manifest from the fact that Pope Alexander III condemned article 12 of the Council of Clarendon ( 1164 ) , which provided that the king was to receive , as of seigniorial right ( sicut dominicos ) , all the income ( omnes reditus et exitus ) of a vacant archbishopric , bishopric , abbacy , or priory in their dominion . In 1176 Henry II promised the papal legate never to exercise the right of regalia beyond one year . With the exception of a few short periods , the right continued to be exercised by the English kings until the Protestant Reformation . Even at present the British Crown exercises it over the temporalities of vacant ( Anglican ) dioceses .
Germany
In Germany Emperor Henry V ( 1106–25 ) , Emperor Conrad III ( 1138–52 ) , and Emperor Frederick I ( 1155–89 ) are known as the first to have claimed it . Frederick I exercised it in its utmost rigour and styles it `` an ancient right of kings and emperors '' . King Philip of Germany reluctantly renounced it , together with the jus spolii to Pope Innocent III in 1203 . Emperor Otto IV did the same in 1209 . Emperor Frederick II renounced it to Innocent III , first at Eger , on 12 July 1213 , then in the Privilege of Würzburg , in May , 1216 , and again to Pope Honorius III , at Hagenau , in September , 1219 . In 1238 they began to exercise it anew , but only during the actual vacancy of dioceses , not for a whole year , as they had done previously . After the death of Frederick II the claims of the German Emperors to this right gradually ceased . The revenues of vacant dioceses in Prussia went to the succeeding bishop ; in Bavaria , to the cathedral church ; in Austria , to the `` Religionsfond '' .
Important regalia were the :
Right to allocate episcopal offices and to call synods ,
Ability to dispose of duchies , counties , margraviates and unclaimed territories ,
Duty to ensure internal peace ( law and order ) ,
Ability to grant of protection to people who were not under the protection of the clan ,
Right to exercise the highest level of jurisdiction ,
Right to build royal palaces ( Pfalzen ) ,
Right to nominate consuls ,
Sovereignty over transportation routes ,
Right to charge tolls ( Zollregal ) ,
Right of coinage ( Münzregal ) ,
Mining rights ( Bergregal ) ,
Market rights ( Marktregal ) ,
Salt rights ( Salzregal ) ,
Fodrum ( services for the maintenance of the imperial courts ) ,
Treasure rights ( Schatzregal ) ( the rights to treasure trove ) ,
Fortification rights Befestigungsrecht ,
Right of escort ( Geleitrecht ) ,
Jewish right of protection Judenregal ( Judenschutzrecht ) ,
Water rights ( Wasserregal ) ,
Hunting and fishing rights ( Jagd- und Fischereiregal ) or forest rights ( Forstregal ) ,
Right to uninherited property , including the right of spoil ( Jus Spolii or Spolienrecht )
Amber rights ( Bernsteinregal ) .
France
In France the first mention of it is found during the reign of Louis VII , when , in 1143 , Bernard of Clairvaux complains , in a letter to the Bishop of Palestrina , that in the Church of Paris the king had extended the droit de régale over a whole year . Pope Boniface VIII , in their bull Ausculta fili , of 5 December 1301 , urged Philip the Fair to renounce it , but without avail . In France , the right did not belong exclusively to the king : it was also exercised by the Dukes of Normandy , Dukes of Brittany , Dukes of Burgundy , Counts of Champagne and the Counts of Anjou . Entirely exempt from it were the ecclesiastical province of Bordeaux , province of Auch , province of Narbonne , province of Arles , province of Aix , province of Embrun , and province of Vienne .
The Second Council of Lyons ( 1274 ) forbade anyone , under pain of excommunication , to extend the jus regaliae over any diocese that was then exempt from it , and in 1499 Louis XII gave strict orders to their officials not to exercise it over exempt dioceses . Towards the end of the sixteenth century the restriction of the Council of Lyons began to be disregarded , and on 24 April 1608 , the Parliament decided that the king had the droit de régale over all the dioceses of France ; but Henry IV of France did not carry this parliamentary decision into effect .
On 10 February 1673 , Louis XIV issued a declaration extending the droit de régale to all of France . The Parliament was pleased , and most bishops yielded without serious protest , with only Nicolas Pavillon , of Alet , and François de Caulet , bishop of Pamiers , both Jansenists resisting . They at first sought redress through their metropolitans , but when the latter took the king 's side , they appealed in 1677 to Pope Innocent XI . In three successive Briefs , Innocent urged the king not to extend the right to dioceses that had previously been exempt . The General Assembly of the French clergy , held at Paris in 1681-1682 , sided with the king , and , despite the protests of Innocent XI , Alexander VIII , and Innocent XII , the right was maintained until the French Revolution .
Napoleon I attempted to restore it in a decree dated 6 November 1813 , but their downfall the following year frustrated their plan . In 1880 , the Third Republic again asserted the right and overstepped even the limits of its former application .
See also
Royal prerogative
Regalia
Sources
Du Cange , Glossarium , s. v. Regalia
Pierre de Marca , De concordia sacerdotii et imperii , lib . VIII ( 1704 )
Felix Makower , Die Verfassung der Kirche von England ( Berlin , 1894 ) , 326 sq .
George Jakob Phillips , Das Regalienrecht in Frankreich ( Halle , 1873 )
Léon Mention , Documents relatifs aux rapports du clergé avec la royauté de 1682 à 1702 , I ( Paris , 1893 ) 18 sq .
E. Michelet , Du droit de régale ( thesis ) ( Ligugé , 1900 )
Ulrich Stutz , in Realencyclopädie für protestantische Theologie und Kirche , XVI ( Leipzig , 1905 ) , 536-44
Louis Thomassin , Vetus ac nova ecclesiae disciplina circa beneficia , III , lib . II , liv
References
External links
Catholic Encyclopedia article
Ulrich Stutz article ( with bibliography )
French legal terminology
Medieval law
The 2017–18 Syracuse Orange men 's basketball team represented Syracuse University during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Orange were led by 42nd-year head coach Jim Boeheim and played their home games at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse , New York as fifth-year members of the Atlantic Coast Conference . They finished the season 23–14 , 8–10 in ACC play to finish in a tie for tenth place . They defeated Wake Forest in the first round of the 2018 ACC Tournament before losing in the second round to North Carolina . They received one of the final four at-large bids to the NCAA tournament where , as a No . 11 seed , they defeated Arizona State in the First Four , and upset No . 6 seed TCU in the First Round and No . 3 seed Michigan State in the Second Round before losing in the Sweet Sixteen to fellow ACC member and No . 2 seed Duke .
Previous season
The Orange finished the 2016–17 season 19–15 , 10–8 in ACC play to finish in a three-way tie for seventh place . They lost in the second round of the ACC Tournament to Miami . They were one of the last four teams not selected for the NCAA tournament and thus received a No . 1 seed in the National Invitation Tournament . There , they defeated UNC Greensboro in the first round before losing in the second round to Ole Miss .
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
2017 recruiting class
Future recruits
2018 recruiting class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
! colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
! colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
! colspan=12 style=| ACC regular season
|-
! colspan=12 style=| ACC Tournament
|-
! colspan=12 style=| NCAA tournament
Rankings
* AP does not release post-NCAA Tournament rankings
References
Syracuse Orange men 's basketball seasons
Syracuse
Syracuse
Syracuse basketball , men
Syracuse basketball , men
An Introduction To The American Underground Film is a book by the American author Sheldon Renan . It was published by Dutton in 1967 . It was the first book about Underground Film .
Written at the dawn of film studies as an academic subject it was used by many teachers as the guide to the study of Underground Film , a term that prior to the publication of this book was not widely disseminated .
Structure of the Book
Opposite the title page is this statement : .... `` Sheldon Renan was born in Portland , Oregon in 1941 . They became addicted to the film medium during their four years at Yale University , where they were a member of the Scholar of the House Program . After graduation in 1963 , they spent much of their time scurrying from one movie theatre to another , and did not emerge from the darkness until 1966 , when they married , wrote this book , and settled near San Francisco . ''
There is a Foreword by Willard Van Dyke .
There are six chapters , An appendix , bibliography and index .
Defining Underground Film
The first chapter of the book addresses what an underground film is . Renan gives this summation : `` It is a film conceived and made essentially by one person and is a personal statement by that person . It is a film that dissents radically in form , or in technique , or in content , or perhaps in all three . It is usually made for very little money , frequently under a thousand dollars , and its exhibition is outside commercial film channels . ''
A History of Avant Garde/Experimental/Underground Film
Chapter two is about film forms that led to the Underground . Although the title of the book states it was about American films , the book looks at European avant garde , in France , Germany and Russia in the Twenties and Thirties . It also divides American underground film into three ages : The pre-Depression era , which included work by Ralph Steiner , Robert Flaherty and Paul Fejos ; the era brought in with the availability of 16mm film making that was primarily on the West Coast , that included work by Maya Deren , Sidney Peterson and Kenneth Anger ; and the New York-based third wave in the sixties that included Stan Brakhage , Bruce Conner and the Kuchar Brothers .
A Gallery of Film-Makers
Chapter three has biographical information on the artists who were making Underground Films . It starts with Kenneth Anger and ends with Andy Warhol . Renan concentrates on film directors . The book includes a wide range of filmmakers who were active at the time . Some well known , such as Andy Warhol . Some are much less well known , such as Peter Emmanuel Goldman .
Stars of Underground Film
Chapter four examines the actors and actores of Underground Film . It is the shortest , twelve pages , chapter in the book , It starts with an essay about performers who often worked without pay or wide recognition such as Claes Oldenburg , Taylor Mead and Edie Sedgewick . It also states that many of the performers in Underground were also filmmakers themselves , such as Jack Smith . The chapter concludes with a special mention of Marie Menken , calling them the Underground 's `` Main character actor '' and mentioning various films they appeared in , including works by Jack Smith , Andy Warhol and Charles Boultenhouse .
The Underground Establishment
Chapter five examines the aspects of underground film that involved appreciation , distribution and exhibition . It includes information on Jonas Mekas , publishing Film Culture and forming the New American Cinema Group and founding the Filmmakers Cooperative . The chapter also examines the museums and schools where Underground Films were screened due to their lack of commercial possibilities . It also listed various publications that promoted Underground Film such as The Canyon Cinema News and the Village Voice .
Expanded Cinema
The final chapter looks at efforts to move cinema beyond standard screenings of just projector and screen . That included information on using multiple projectors and multiple screens , and included film/dance and film/theater . It also has information on computer generated images and electronic manipulation on television .
Appendix
Information on `` Where to Rent the Films '' that includes addresses for Brandon Films , Canyon Cinema , Filmmakers Coop , Museum of Modern Art Dept of Film , and others .
References
1967 non-fiction books
Books about film
American non-fiction books
Besharam ( ) is a 2016 Pakistani drama serial that premiered on May 10 , 2016 on ARY Digital . It is directed by Farooq Rind and written by Sarwat Nazir . It stars Saba Qamar , Zahid Ahmed , Atiqa Odho , Rehan Sheikh and Fia Khan in pivot roles . The serial is produced by Humayun Saeed and Shehzad Nasib under their production company Six Sigma Plus .
Overview
Besharam revolves around three women , Sara ( Atiqa Odho ) , Mashal ( Saba Qamar ) and Sofia ( Fia Khan ) , and apart from them the serial also has Malik Raza and Zahid Ahmed as the male figures of the story . Besharam deals with the social issues of glamor industry , upper-class family , and its struggles . Haider Bakht ( Zahid Ahmed ) is an aspiring politician who has aims and missions to make the country better and lives in a small house compared to Mashal with their sister and mother . Hamna is engaged with their paternal cousin Qadeer who works in a government office and has a sister Saba . Sikandar is the brother of Haider 's father who is against of Haider joining politics and wants Saba to marry Haider but Haider refuses as they want to focus on their career . After Haider refuses , Sikandar takes the decision of breaking the engagement of Humna and Qadeer . On the other hand , Mashal is a top model of Pakistan and because of this fact their father Tahir Malik who is a politician shoots themselves after hearing their daughter 's insult from their friends . Meanwhile , Mashal gets in a relationship with a boy named Daniyal Ahmed , however Daniyal 's father ( Jamal ) also gets in a relationship with Mashal 's mother which ends their relationship . The next night Mashal and Haider get invited in a talk show in which they have a couple of arguments leading to their marriage as they both challenge each other live . As Mashal is a daring person , they accept the challenge and marries Haider but is n't accepted by their family . This leads to Qadeer and Humna 's end of engagement and Mashal 's mother to not look at their face again . Khadija insists Haider to leave Mashal as they are a model and ca n't adjust in the family but Mashal and Haider gradually accept themselves as a couple and to give this marriage a chance . Later on , Mashal saves Saba when she 's on a photo shoot and helps Hamna in escaping from new proposals . Mashal and Haider soon settle into a comfortable married life and Haider continues to look for work . Suddenly , a political leader approaches them to help gain followers for their party . Haider agrees to take up this job but Mashal is still hesitant . The political leader gives Haider many luxurious items `` in exchange for their work '' . Mashal is still apprehensive about all of this despite Haider 's enthusiasm about giving their wife back what they once had . On a talk show , pushed by the political leader , Haider says that Mashal was a shameless woman before they got married and they are the one that gave them respect . Mashal confronts them about their statement and they still refuse to admit what they said was wrong . Mashal angrily leaves after this . The drama ends on a happy note as Haider realizes what they did was wrong , leaves the party , and is reunited with Mashal .
Cast
Saba Qamar as Mishal Tahir Malik ( ex-supermodel , Tahir Malik and Sara 's daughter , Sofia 's maternal half-sister , Haider 's wife , Khadija 's daughter-in-law and Humna 's sister-in-law , Mannan 's half-sister )
Zahid Ahmed as Haider Bakht ( Khadija 's son , Mishal 's husband , Sofia 's brother-in-law , Humna 's brother , Qadeer and Saba 's paternal cousins and Sikander and Shakira 's nephew )
Atiqa Odho as Sara ( Mishal , Sofia and Mannan 's mother , Tahir Malik 's ex-wife , Jamal 's ex-lover and Haider 's mother-in-law )
Rehan Sheikh as Tahir Malik ( dead ) ( Mishal 's father , Sara 's ex-husband , Jamal 's friend and Haider 's father-in-law )
Ammar Ahmed as Qadeer ( Shakira and Sikander 's son , Humna 's ex fiancé , Saba 's brother , Haider 's cousin )
Faraz Ahmed Farooqui as Mannan ( Mishal and Sofia 's maternal half-brother , Sara 's son and Haider 's brother-in-law , Humna 's fiancé )
Faisal Rehman as Jamal ( Daniyal Ahmed 's father and ex-lover of Sara and Tahir Malik 's friend )
Fia Khan as Sofia ( Mishal and Mannan 's maternal half-sister , Sara 's daughter and Haider 's sister-in-law )
Jinaan Hussain as Humna ( Haider 's sister , Mishal 's sister-in-law , Qadeer 's ex-fiancée , Khadija 's daughter , Saba and Qadeer 's paternal cousin and Sikander and Shakira 's niece , Mannan 's fiancée )
Shaista Jabeen - Khadija ( Haider and Humna 's mother , Mishal 's mother-in-law , Sikander 's sister-in-law and Qadeer and Saba 's paternal aunt )
Mehmood Akhtar as Sikandar ( Haider and Humna 's paternal uncle , Shakira 's husband , Qadeer and Saba 's father and Khadija 's brother-in-law )
Farah Nadeem As Shakira ( Sikander 's wife , Qadeer And Saba 's mother )
Jahanzeb Khan As Daniyal ( Jamal 's son )
Ghana Ali As Saba ( Shakira And Sikander 's daughter , Qadeer 's younger sister , Haider and Humna 's cousin )
Reception
The series was reviewed positively , in a review Sadaf Haider of The Express Tribune states , `` Besharam provides a great opportunity to explore attitudes towards certain professions , be it politicians or models and more importantly ; the different criteria we use to judge men and women in our culture . ''
Accolades
References
External links
2016 Pakistani television series debuts
ARY Digital original programming
Pakistani drama television series
Urdu-language television shows
Henrik Larsen Kyhl ( 8 August 1793 – 12 February 1866 ) was a Danish clockmaker , politician and the second managing director of Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen .
Early life and education
Kyhl was born on 8 August 1793 in Søsum at Ølstykke , the son of wheelmaker Lars Henrik Hansen ( c. 1764 – 1812 ) and Maren Jensdatter ( c. 1773 – 1841 ) . They apprenticed as a clockmaker in Copenhagen .
Career as clockmaker
In 1818 , Kyhl opened their own workshop which specialized in tower clocks . Over the years , they presented a number of inventions and improvements in the ( Magazine for Artists and Craftsmen ) . Kyhl was alderman of the Clockmakers ' Guild in Copenhagen from 1832 to 1838 . A tower clock presented at the Great Exhibition in London in 1851 attracted considerable attention . It was later installed in the Methodist St. Paul 's Church in Rigensgade in Copenhagen .
In 1827 , Kyhl constructed a reflector lamp which was used as street lighting in Copenhagen from 1828 until gaslights were introduced in 1857 .
Other occupations
In 1835 , they were a co-founder of . They were also one of the most active members of its board of representatives . In 1843 , they were a co-founder of the Scandinavian Society . They were elected to the Committee for Copenhagen the same year ( ) .
Kyhl was from the foundation of the amusement park also a board member of Tivoli Gardens . They were often in opposition to Georg Carstensen , whom they succeeded as managing director of the park until 1857 .
Politics
From 1837 to 1859 , Kyhl was a member of the Copenhagen City Council . In 1841 , they unsuccessfully proposed surfacing the streets in Copenhagen with asphalt . In 1935 , they were a co-founder of the Society for the Freedom of the Press ( ) . In 1844 and again in 1846 , they were an alternate member of the Roskilde Constituent Assembly ( ) , where they argued in favour of a free constitution .
Selected tower clocks
Kyhl has created tower clocks for the following buildings :
Mariager Town Hall , Mariager ( 1846 )
Church of Our Lady , Nyborg ( 1847 )
Wedellsborg , Aarhus ( 1848 )
Øresundshospitalet , Østerbrogade , Copenhagen ( 1848 )
Vester Sottrup Church , Sønderjylland ( 1848 )
Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College , Frederiksberg ( 1854 )
Jægerspris Castle , Jægerspris ( 1855 )
Vridsløselille Prison , Vridsløselille ( 1860 )
Roskilde Hospital , Roskilde ( 1856 )
Ebeltoft Church , Ebeltoft ( 1860 )
Helsingør City Hall , Helsingør ( 1853 )
Holtug Church , Stevns
Cottagehuset , Charlottenlund
See also
Peter Mathiesen
References
External links
Danish clockmakers
1793 births
1866 deaths
19th-century Copenhagen City Council members
Turowiec ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-east of Wojsławice , south-east of Chełm , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
the 2020 Indonesia Pro Futsal League , is the thirteenth season of the Indonesia Pro Futsal League competition held by the Indonesian Futsal Federation , as well as the fifth season of futsal competition under the name `` Professional Futsal League '' . The season start on 7 December 2019 and is scheduled to finish on 28 March 2021 .
Vamos Mataram are the defending champions . A total of 16 Indonesian futsal clubs will compete for the championship of this competition , with four clubs coming from the 2019 Nusantara Futsal League semifinalists .
On 16 March 2020 , the competition was suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Indonesia , and restarted on 20 March 2021 . All matches after the restart were played in Yogyakarta , with the final four played at the Among Rogo Sports Hall .
Teams
A total of 16 Indonesian futsal clubs which are divided into two groups competed this season . Four of these clubs are 2019 Nusantara Futsal League .
Team changes
Permata Indah FC Manokwari resigned and was replaced by Red Manguni FC from Minahasa .
AXM FC Manado , one of the promoted teams from the 2019 Nusantara Futsal League , they resign from the competition due to internal problems . and was replaced by club from Surabaya , Mutiara FC
Devina Kamiada FC resigned and was replaced by Futsal 35 FC from Bandung .
Name changes
Young Rior FC partnership with corporate Aneka Tambang , and the name into MAS Young Rior FC .
Venues and Schedule
Thirteen venues in eleven cities in Indonesia became the venue for the Indonesia 2020 Professional Futsal League . Regular season ( group stage ) began from December 7 , 2019 to March 22 , 2020 , while the Big Four ( final series ) took place on March 28 and 29 , 2020 in Yogyakarta .
Indonesian Professional Futsal League season 2020 regular schedule .
Regular season
Group A
Group B
Final season
Final season will be played on 27 and 28 March 2021 .
All matches will be played in Yogyakarta .
All times listed are UTC+7
Semi-final
Third place match
Final
Season statistics
Scoring
Top goalscorers
1 own goal
Angga Sidik ( Mutiara FC , against Cosmo Futsal on matchday 3rd )
Radyan Ferdiansyah ( Futsal 35 , against BJL 2000 on matchday 5th )
Febriand Alfindrio ( Halus FC , against Giga FC on matchday 6th )
Petrus Alvarez ( Red Manguni , against Bintang Timur on matchday 6th )
Afif Rizky ( Halus FC , against Blacksteel on matchday 7th )
Anzar ( Vamos FC , against Futsal 35 on matchday 8th )
Diaz Riansyah ( Kancil BBK , against SKN FC on matchday 8th )
Ikrima Nofiansyah ( Blacksteel , against BJL 2000 on matchday 10th )
Muhammad Jumadil Muzaik ( Bank Sumut , against Kancil BBK on matchday 12th )
Rama Ramdhani ( Red Manguni , against SKN FC Kebumen on matchday 12th )
Top assists
Hat-tricks
Notes
4 Player scored 4 goals
Notes
References
External links
PFL 2020
2020
Indonesia
Indonesia
San Paolo Albanese ( ) is an Arbëreshë village and comune of 328 people in the province of Potenza , in the Basilicata region of southern Italy .
Geography
At an elevation of and situated on the slope of Mt . Carnara above sea level , San Paolo is the smallest commune in Basilicata with an area of .
The village is bordered by the towns of Alessandria del Carretto ( CS ) , Cersosimo , Noepoli , San Costantino Albanese and Terranova di Pollino .
It is also adjacent to Pollino National Park .
Demographics
San Paolo is smaller than the neighboring Arbëresh village San Costantino Albanese , and is the least populated commune in the province .
The village saw a steady number of births and deaths through the 19th century , with a slight reduction in the death rate . The single largest year for deaths was 1835 when 120 people died . This was the first year of a Cholera epidemic on the Italian Peninsula which lasted three years .
History
San Paolo Albanese was founded in approximately 1534 by ethnic Albanians refugees or Arbëreshë , from Corone , Morea in Greece which was occupied by the Ottoman Turks .
In the early 1900s , the town and much of Southern Italy saw a wave of emigration to the United States and South America . Immigrants initially clustered in the New York Metropolitan Area but can be found distributed throughout the US .
The population dropped during the late 19th , and late 20th century from 1,430 in 1861 , 968 in 1911 , 911 in 1961 , to 306 in 2011 .
From 1936 to 1962 , the village was called Casalnuovo Lucano .
With the opening of Albania in the last 20th century , Albanians again started coming to Italy . Politicians in the two countries have been working to build relationships between the communities .
Culture
The Albanian language continued to be used as the primary language even after the establishment to the Foundation of Italy in 1870 . During the 19th century , the dynamism of the Graeco-Albanian schools of Calabria and Sicily served to generate intense cultural development among the Albanian communities of southern Italy . Numerous Albanian intellectuals , for example , played an active part in the cultural renaissance of the southern regions of Italy and in the political movement of the Italian Risorgimento . The second half of the 19th century saw the creation of newspapers and magazines in Albanian .
The late 1950s marked the start of a certain cultural revival of Albanian , thanks to the founding of the Associazione Italiana per i Rapporti Culturali Italo-Albanesi , which published the journal Rassegna di Studi Albanesi from 1961 to 1963 . Other cultural activities for the promotion of Albanian were the magazines Zgjimi , which disappeared in the late 60s , and Shêjzat , which was published from 1957 and 1974 , the creation in 1969 of the Unione delle Comunità Italo-Albanesi and the founding of the Lega Italiana di Difesa della Minoranza Albanese in Cosenza in 1981 , the celebration of the Settimane della Cultura Albanese in 1977 , 1978 , 1979 and 1981 and of the Prima Settimana della Cultura del Cossovo in Italia in 1980 .
Today , however , Albanian in Italy has all the characteristics of the subordinate language in a diglossia situation . There is no organized Albanian cultural movement - apart from the AIADI ( Associazione degli Insegnanti Albanesi d'Italia ) - covering all of the areas inhabited by Albanian communities ; cultural and linguistic initiatives always result from individual ideas which are subsequently supported by particular defenders of the language and certain local public authorities , ideas such as the literacy classes and courses in Albanian culture organized in some villages in 1987 by Education Office No 19 for Castrovillari with assistance from the EC .
References
External links
San Paolo Albanese Selected Civil Records Births and Marriages
Arbëresh settlements
Cities and towns in Basilicata
1534 establishments in Italy
San Francisco Park were a Cuban baseball team in the Cuban League based in Havana . They played in the winter of 1915–1916 .
References
Defunct baseball teams in Cuba
Cuban League teams
Julie Morgan ( née Edwards ; 2 November 1944 ) is a Welsh Labour Party politician , who has been a Member of the Senedd for Cardiff North seat in the Senedd since the 2011 election . They were previously Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Cardiff North from 1997 until 2010 .
They were married to former First Minister of Wales Rhodri Morgan until their death in 2017 .
Early life , education and career
Julie Edwards was born in Cardiff in 1944 . They were educated at Dinas Powys Primary School and Howell 's School Llandaff . They then attended King 's College London where they graduated with a BA in English in 1965 . Just as their first term at university was about to begin , a general election was called , and they returned to Cardiff to campaign for Jim Callaghan in the seat which was then Cardiff South East .
Despite Callaghan 's protestations that they should go back to university , they campaigned for their victory alongside Neil Kinnock ( the future leader of the Labour party ) , Glenys Kinnock and Rhodri Morgan , whom they would marry in 1967 . Following their undergraduate degree , Morgan studied at the University of Manchester . They also hold a postgraduate diploma in Social Administration from University College , Cardiff .
Before becoming a Member of Parliament , Morgan was a social worker with Barry Social Services , and served as an assistant director of Barnardo 's . They were elected as a local councillor to South Glamorgan County Council between 1985 and 1996 , and was a Cardiff City Councillor from 1995 .
Member of Parliament ( 1997–⁠2010 )
Morgan was selected by Cardiff North Labour Party as their candidate for the 1992 general election . They stood against Gwilym Jones in the constituency , historically a Conservative stronghold . They achieved a 38.9 % share of the vote to Jones ' 45.1 % , cutting their majority to 2,969 .
Morgan was selected to stand for the seat once again in the 1997 election , though this time through an all-women shortlist . They took the seat with 24,460 votes—a 50.4 % share and a majority of 8,126 on a marginally lower turnout than in 1992 . They became the first woman to represent a Cardiff constituency and , at the time of their election , was one of only four women MPs from Wales . Morgan made their maiden speech in Parliament on 22 May 1997 in the debate on the Referendums ( Scotland and Wales ) Bill , designed to pave the way for devolution . They subsequently joined the Welsh Affairs Select committee , on which they served until 2005 .
Morgan was re-elected at the 2001 general election with a reduced majority of 6,165 and on a substantially reduced turnout ( in common with the rest of the country ) . At the 2005 election , their seat became the most marginal in Wales as their Conservative challenger reduced their majority to 1,146 .
Commentators ascribed their victory to a strong personal vote , decisive in a campaign dominated by issues such as the Iraq War , criticism of Tony Blair and a leap in council tax caused by periodic revaluation of property values . Upon their re-election , they were appointed to the Constitutional Affairs and Public Administration Select Committees .
Between 16 December 2009 and 12 March 2010 , they steered the Sunbeds ( Regulation ) Bill ( a private members ' bill ) through the House of Commons . The bill passed to the House of Lords for consideration .
In the 2010 election , Morgan polled 17,666 votes to Conservative Jonathan Evans 's 17,860 votes , losing by 194 votes . Evans had previously been an MP between 1992 and 1997 .
Senedd
Morgan was elected to the seat of Cardiff North in the Senedd , in the 2011 election . They were re-elected in 2016 , and re-elected in 2021 .
In 2016 , they unsuccessfully stood for chair of the Senedd 's Children , Young People and Education Committee .
They supported Mark Drakeford in their leadership election . Following Mark Drakeford 's appointment as First Minister , they were appointed Deputy Minister for Health and Social Services in the Welsh Government .
Views
During their second term , they opposed variable tuition fees for university students , citing fears that it would open up a market in higher education . They also opposed the war in Iraq and led a demonstration of `` Labour Women Against War '' in Cardiff city centre . Nevertheless , their voting record is supportive of the Labour Government , until it proposes a measure they can not reconcile with their fundamental beliefs—such as the equal treatment of children , for instance in the asylum system , or in respect of protection from violence .
Morgan has been involved in the field of women 's rights ( having heavily promoted the introduction of all-women shortlists for political parties ) , as well as the welfare of children , black and minority ethnic and disabled people . They were one of the founders of the Purple Plaques scheme of public markers for remarkable women who lived in Wales . They are the chair of the Party Parliamentary Group ( APPG ) on Children in Wales and is a member of numerous other APPGs , including those on Sex Equality and Compassion in Dying . Within the Parliamentary Labour Party , they are an active member of the Women 's Group .
As their husband was , they are a Distinguished Supporter of Humanists UK . They support lowering the voting age to 16 and to that end has presented a bill to Parliament .
References
External links
Julie Morgan MP Welsh Labour Party profile
1944 births
20th-century Welsh women politicians
Living people
Alumni of King 's College London
Alumni of Cardiff University
Councillors in Cardiff
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Female members of the Senedd
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Welsh constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Cardiff constituencies
People educated at Howell 's School Llandaff
Wales AMs 2011–2016
Wales MSs 2016–2021
Wales MSs 2021–2026
Members of South Glamorgan County Council
Welsh humanists
Welsh Labour Party MPs
Women councillors in Wales
Rolf Olsen ( 13 February 1818 – 7 June 1864 ) was a Norwegian politician and playwright .
Biography
Rolf Olsen was born in Bergen , Norway . They were the son of Andreas Schram Olsen ( 1791–1841 ) , the bailiff ( byfogd ) of Bergen . They were a student in Skien and earned a Candidatus juris in 1842 . In 1846 , they were employed as a clerk in the Interior Ministry and was in this position until 1852 . They also worked as a journalist , especially for Morgenbladet , where they were editor from 1848 . Between 1840 and 1850 , they wrote several plays including both tragedies and comedies .
They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1854 , 1857 , 1859 and 1862 , representing the constituency of Østerrisøer in Nedenes county , Norway . In 1863 they were appointed judge in Gauldalen , but died the following year .
Selected works
Den sidste viking ( 1840 )
Salonen eller Intrigen i Kræmmerhuset ( 1848 )
Kontrolløren , eller Eventyr paa Landet ( 1849 )
Tolvte ordentlige Storting ( 1850 )
References
1818 births
1864 deaths
Norwegian jurists
Members of the Storting
Aust-Agder politicians
People from Risør
19th-century Norwegian writers
19th-century Norwegian dramatists and playwrights
Norwegian male dramatists and playwrights
The Snowy Monaro Regional Council is a local government area located in the Snowy Mountains and Monaro regions of New South Wales , Australia . The council was formed on 12 May 2016 through a merger of the Bombala , Cooma-Monaro and Snowy River shires .
The council comprises an area of and occupies the higher slopes of the eastern side of the Great Dividing Range between the Australian Capital Territory to the north and the state boundary with Victoria to the south . At the time of its establishment the council had an estimated population of . Its population at the was 20,218 .
The Mayor of the Snowy Monaro Regional Council is Narelle Davis .
Towns and localities
The following towns are located within Snowy Monaro Regional Council :
The following localities are located within Snowy Monaro Regional Council :
Heritage listings
The Snowy Monaro Region has a number of heritage-listed sites , including :
Bombala , Goulburn-Bombala railway : Bombala railway station
Bombala , 91 Main Road : Crankies Plain Bridge
Bredbo , Goulburn-Bombala railway : Bredbo Rail Bridge
Cooma , Bradley Street : Cooma railway station
Cooma , 59 - 61 Lambie Street : Royal Hotel
Cooma , Sharp Street : Rock Bolting Development Site
Eucumbene , Old Adaminaby and Lake Eucumbene
Kiandra : Kiandra Courthouse
Kiandra : Matthews Cottage
Demographics
The population for the predecessor councils was estimated in 2013 as :
in Bombala Shire
in Cooma-Monaro Shire and
in Snowy River Shire .
Council
The Snowy Monaro Regional Council comprises eleven Councillors elected proportionally in a single ward . The Councillors elected for a fixed four-year term of office with effect from 4 December 2021 were :
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
References
External links
2016 establishments in Australia
Stormbreaker ( titled Alex Rider : Operation Stormbreaker in the United States ) is a 2006 action spy film directed by Geoffrey Sax . The screenplay by Anthony Horowitz is based on their 2000 novel Stormbreaker , the first novel in the Alex Rider series . The film stars Alex Pettyfer as Alex Rider , and also stars Mickey Rourke , Bill Nighy , Sophie Okonedo , Alicia Silverstone , Sarah Bolger , Stephen Fry and Ewan McGregor . Stormbreaker was an international co-production between companies and financiers from the United Kingdom , the United States , and Germany .
The film 's plot follows a teenage boy who is recruited by MI6 after their uncle , a secret agent , is killed in action . They are sent on a mission in Cornwall to gather intelligence behind Stormbreaker , an advanced computer system being provided to schools across Britain , and its creator , billionaire Darrius Sayle .
Intended to be the first entry in a film franchise , Stormbreaker grossed between $ 20.7 and $ 23.9 million worldwide upon its theatrical release , failing to recoup its $ 40 million budget and making the film a box office bomb . According to Rotten Tomatoes , the film was largely criticized for its lack of originality and believability . As a result of these factors , plans to produce further Alex Rider films were dropped . A rebooted TV series , Alex Rider , premiered on Amazon Prime Video in 2020 .
Plot
Alex Rider is a 14-year-old schoolboy who lives with their uncle Ian and their housekeeper Jack Starbright . Ian is supposedly a bank manager and is , much to Alex 's regret , often away from home . One day , Alex is told that their uncle has died in a car crash , but quickly discovers that their uncle was actually a spy working for MI6 and was murdered .
They are then recruited by their uncle 's former employers , Alan Blunt and Mrs. Jones of the Special Operations Division of MI6 , who explains to Alex that their uncle has been training them as a spy . Alex initially refuses to cooperate but agrees when they threaten to block renewal of Jack 's visa and have them deported . Alex is then sent to a military training camp in the Brecon Beacons , the home of the British Special Air Service . At first , their fellow trainees look down on them because of their age , but they soon gains their respect with skills learned from their unwitting training .
They set off on their first mission , aided by gadgets from Smithers . Billionaire Darrius Sayle is donating free high-powered computer systems code named Stormbreaker to every school in the United Kingdom . MI6 is suspicious of their seemingly generous plans and sends Alex undercover as a competition winner to investigate . There , they meet Sayle themselves and their two accomplices , Mr. Grin and Nadia Vole , and is shown the Stormbreaker computer in action . Later , while Alex is having dinner with Sayle , the suspicious Vole steals Alex 's phone and tracks the SIM card to their house in Chelsea . They go there and finds Alex 's true identity ; while there , they are disturbed by and consequently fights Jack . Despite being outclassed , Jack wins with the help of a blowfish , leaving Nadia to flee the scene . That night , Alex sneaks out of their bedroom window to observe a midnight delivery of mysterious containers to Sayle 's lair .
The next day , Alex finds themselves in trouble when their cover is blown . After attempting to escape from the facility , they are captured , and Sayle explains their true reasons behind Stormbreaker – each system contains a modified strain of the smallpox virus which , upon activation in the Stormbreaker release , will kill all of the country 's schoolchildren . Sayle leaves Alex tied up and departs for the London Science Museum . Nadia drops Alex into a water tank to be killed by a giant Portuguese man o ' war , but they escape using the metal-disintegrating spot cream supplied by Smithers , Nadia is subdued when they are hit by the jellyfish , rupturing the tank in the process . Alex then hitches a ride on a Mil Mi-8 helicopter piloted by Mr. Grin , using a sodium pentothal arrow to gain Mr. Grin 's obedience . Alex parachutes out of the helicopter and lands just as the Prime Minister is about to press the button which will activate the computers . Alex uses a rifle to shoot the podium , which destroys the button , and ruins Sayle 's plan .
Furious , Sayle leaves to carry out their backup plan , and Alex , with the help of school friend Sabina Pleasure , pursues Sayle through the streets of London on horseback . Fifty floors up on one of Sayle 's skyscrapers , Alex reaches them and unplugs their backup transmitter . Sayle chases them out onto the roof and pushes both Alex & Sabina off the roof , leaving them hanging by a dislodged cable . Unexpectedly , Yassen arrives in a helicopter and shoots Sayle ( in the same manner they did Ian ) before rescuing Alex . Yassen then tells Alex that Sayle had become an embarrassment to their employers , and that Alex should forget about him , but Alex refuses saying that the killing of their uncle Ian means they are still enemies .
Alex returns to school ; they and Sabina are talking about what happened and they say that it will never happen again . The film ends with someone observing Alex from a distance . They notice it and realizes that it 's not the end .
Cast
Alex Pettyfer as Alex Rider
Mickey Rourke as Darrius Sayle
Alicia Silverstone as Jack Starbright
Bill Nighy as Alan Blunt
Sophie Okonedo as Mrs. Jones
Damian Lewis as Yassen Gregorovich
Missi Pyle as Nadia Vole
Stephen Fry as Smithers
Sarah Bolger as Sabina Pleasure
Andy Serkis as Mr. Grin
Ashley Walters as Wolf
Ewan McGregor as Ian Rider
Robbie Coltrane as the Prime Minister
Jimmy Carr as John Crawford
Production
Stormbreaker was intended by the novel 's author , Anthony Horowitz , to be the first entry in a film franchise based on their Alex Rider series . Horowitz , already an established and prolific screenwriter in British television , wrote the screenplay and worked very closely throughout the film 's production with director Geoffrey Sax and producers Marc and Peter Samuelson . The Weinstein Company acquired the North American rights to the film , which was filmed in Summer 2005 with six weeks on the Isle of Man and a further six weeks in London . Some of the scenes of the school were filmed in The Grey Coat Hospital and Ballakermeen High School , Douglas , Isle of Man .
In 2005 , Alex Pettyfer was cast as Alex Rider . They were picked out of 500 hopefuls who auditioned for the role . Pettyfer was originally offered a role in the then-upcoming film Eragon but turned it down , noting that they preferred Stormbreaker because it would be filmed nearer home while Eragon would film in the Czech Republic .
In June 2006 , the producers signed a deal with Nintendo that made the Nintendo DS a prominent feature in the film , much like the Power Glove in The Wizard . This is an upgrade from the Game Boy Color that Alex used in the novel version . A tie-in game , Alex Rider : Stormbreaker was also released on the said DS and its predecessor , the Game Boy Advance . In addition to the Nintendo marketing in the film , Alex 's cell phone is a Nokia 7710 and uses a sodium pentothal pen to get to London , not a gun .
In August 2006 , the film was retitled Alex Rider : Operation Stormbreaker for North American release . A new poster and trailer were released along with the announcement . It was also revealed that the US premiere would take place on the Intrepid aircraft carrier at the Hudson River , New York City .
The name of the villain also changed from Herod Sayle to Darrius Sayle , with their nationality switched from Lebanese ( Egyptian in the US version of the novel ) to American . This was because Mickey Rourke was already in talks to take on the role , so Horowitz adapted the character to suit him .
Reception
Box office
Stormbreaker was distributed by Entertainment Film Distributors in the United Kingdom , where the film made $ 2,313,496 on its opening weekend , well below its expected target of blockbuster status . The film 's grosses gradually declined each week for the remainder of its run , totalling of $ 12,872,046 , making up more than half of what would become the film 's final worldwide gross . In the United States , the film was distributed by The Weinstein Company in 221 theatres and grossed $ 215,177 , with an average of $ 973 per screen and ranking No . 27 during its opening weekend . The film earned $ 677,646 in the United States and $ 23,260,224 internationally for a total of $ 23,937,870 on an estimated budget of $ 40 million . The Numbers reported a worldwide gross of $ 20.7 million . In Germany , the film was given a direct-to-video release .
In a 2007 interview for Reuters , Horowitz blamed Stormbreakers financial failings on The Weinstein Company 's handling of the film 's distribution on the American market , particularly their decision to not give it a wide release . According to the writer , `` Harvey Weinstein decided not to distribute it . It is one of the most bizarre and annoying things that the film did n't get given its shot in America . To this day I do n't know why . ''
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes , a review aggregator , the film has a score of 34 % based on 67 reviews with an average rating of 4.7 out of 10 . The critical consensus states `` Alex Rider : Operation Stormbreaker is strictly children 's fare , as it lacks originality , excitement , and believability . '' The film also has a score of 42 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 20 reviews , indicating `` mixed or average reviews . ''
BBC critic Neil Smith gave the film three out of five stars but criticised the `` unsubtle turns '' from both Bill Nighy and Stephen Fry . The Hollywood Reporter branded the film as `` a lame and disappointing affair '' . Although likening it to both the Harry Potter and James Bond series , reviewer Ray Bennett said the film `` lacks any kind of suspense '' due to the script . They ended saying that Stormbreaker was unlikely to have a `` license to kill at the box-office '' . Cinema Blend editor-in-chief Josh Tyler gave the film two and a half stars out of five , and said that , `` Most of the problems with Stormbreaker all boil down to believability . '' Boston.coms reporter Wesley Morris also gave Stormbreaker two stars out of five , and said that `` Geoffrey Sax 's filmmaking holds few surprises ... but it 's swift and competent , despite too many shots of cars on roads that bloat the running time . ''
Author 's response
During a 2013 interview with the Financial Times , Horowitz stated that the Stormbreaker film was their greatest disappointment , stating that they `` did not hate it but that it should have been the first of 10 and it was n't . ''
Cancelled sequels
Prior to or after Stormbreakers theatrical release , Horowitz had written a screenplay based on Point Blanc , but stated that the chances of further films based on the Alex Rider novels were `` fairly slim '' due to the film 's underperformance at the box office . The Weinstein Company eventually cancelled their plans for a sequel , and Horowitz later expressed that the novels `` do not translate well to the big screen '' .
TV adaption
A rebooted television series beginning with the second novel Point Blanc was produced by Eleventh Hour Films and Sony Pictures Television . The series was released on Amazon Prime Video and TVNZ OnDemand in June 2020 .
References
External links
2006 films
2000s action films
2000s adventure films
British adventure films
British spy films
British action films
American action adventure films
American spy action films
British children 's adventure films
American children 's adventure films
English-language German films
German adventure films
German spy action films
Alex Rider
Films about orphans
Films about the Secret Intelligence Service
Films based on British novels
Films set in Cornwall
Films set in London
Films set in Wales
Films shot in London
Museums in popular culture
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
The Weinstein Company films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films directed by Geoffrey Sax
Films with screenplays by Anthony Horowitz
Films based on young adult literature
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
2000s British films
2000s German films
Marxism and the Oppression of Women : Toward a Unitary Theory ( 1983 ; revised edition 2013 ) is a book by the sociologist Lise Vogel that is considered an important contribution to Marxist Feminism . Vogel surveys Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels 's comments on the causes of women 's oppression , examines how socialist movements in Europe and in the United States have addressed women 's oppression , and argues that women 's oppression should be understood in terms of women 's role in social reproduction and in particular in reproducing labor power .
Vogel writes : `` This book constitutes an argument for the power of Marxism to analyze the issues that face women today in their struggle for liberation . It strongly rejects , however , the assumption made by many socialists that the classical-Marxist tradition bequeaths a more or less complete analysis of the problem of women 's oppression . ''
The book received mixed reviews at the time of publication in 1983 but is now considered a founding text of Social Reproduction Theory .
Summary
Vogel examines the European and North American socialist movements ' treatment of the `` woman question . '' They examine what contemporary North American socialist feminist authors have said about women 's oppression and how it is related ( or not ) to class society and the capitalist mode of production . They also discuss key debates within the North American feminist movement .
They argue that Marx 's views on women 's issues are inadequately under-developed , but that they contain insights that are useful for struggles against female oppression within capitalist class society and the capitalist mode of production . They argue that Marx 's work on individual consumption , the value of labour-power and the industrial reserve army , provided a useful basis for further work on the issue of social reproduction . In contrast , Vogel finds Engels ' work defective because of its utopianism and its reliance on a dual system theory of women 's oppression vs. class oppression . They acknowledge , however , that the work of Engels was very influential in socialist debates despite its theoretical weaknesses .
Vogel examines the socialist movement around the time of the Second International and the Russian Revolution in order to analyse what leading activists had to say . They critique much of what was written as a conflation of utopianism , liberalism and dual systems theory . However , they do find that Vladimir Lenin 's work and German SPD leader Clara Zetkin 's work both represented much more pragmatic attempts to seriously address women 's oppression and involvement in revolutionary activity .
Vogel outlines two contradictory tendencies in the socialist debate about women 's oppression - one which uses a dual systems analysis and the other which is rooted in social reproduction . They argue in favour of the social reproduction approach and elaborates their own theory of women 's oppression from that perspective .
Publication history
The book was first published in the United States in 1983 by Rutgers University Press . It was published in the United Kingdom by Pluto Press . In 2013 , the work was republished by Brill Publishers , with a new introduction by the political scientist David McNally and Susan Ferguson , and as part of the Historical Materialism Book Series .
Reception
Marxism and the Oppression of Women received mixed reviews from the sociologist Johanna Brenner in Contemporary Sociology , Gilda Zwerman in the American Journal of Sociology , Bonnie J . Fox in the Canadian Journal of Sociology , and Scarlet Pollock in the Canadian Review of Sociology & Anthropology . The book was also reviewed by Hester Eisenstein in Science & Society , Carol A . Brown in Qualitative Sociology , and Mary Margaret Fonow in Signs , and in Choice .
Brenner credited Vogel with providing a `` clear and lively presentation '' which demonstrated that `` classical marxist theory grappled with key questions for today 's feminists '' . However , they wrote that Vogel 's analysis `` remains at such a high level of abstraction and generality that it never quite addresses the central issues that socialist-feminist theory has been engaging for more than a decade '' , and criticized Vogel for failing to explain `` why the outcome of this class struggle seems to be almost universally a family system in which men exercise power over women '' , and for their neglect of the work of the anarchist Emma Goldman and the Bolshevik Alexandra Kollontai . Zwerman considered Vogel 's strategy for `` demonstrating the power of Marxist theory '' to be `` interesting and intelligent '' . They credited Vogel with demonstrating that `` those texts used most often by socialist feminists as representative of a Marxist perspective '' are seriously flawed . However , they added that `` there is far more to women 's oppression than can be accounted for by their relationship to production '' and wrote that Vogel `` provides neither conceptual nor empirical tools for studying and understanding the significance of variations in women 's domestic arrangements . ''
Fox credited Vogel with providing a `` useful review of socialist analyses of women 's subordinate position '' , and with showing that Lenin 's analysis has not been substantially extended by subsequent socialist feminist writers , who unlike Lenin have neglected non-economic issues . However , they criticized Vogel for focusing on 19th-century theorists and ignoring more recent writers , and despite considering some of their ideas , such as those concerning women 's child-bearing role , promising , found their attempt to provide `` a theoretical framework for understanding women 's oppression '' unsuccessful because it ignored the radical feminist insight that `` a theory of women 's subordination must analyze the social relations between men and women ( with their material base in sexual relations ) which organize personal life . '' They criticized Vogel for failing to see the merits of views such as those of Nancy Chodorow , and wrote that their book was `` discordant with the reality of North American women 's daily lives '' and `` fails to touch on their dreams and visions for the future . ''
Pollock welcomed Vogel 's attempt to rework Marxist theory , and their criticism of `` the tendency in earlier work to analyze gender and class relations separately . '' However , they maintained that it left unresolved questions and problems , noting that while Vogel argued that , `` Women 's oppression is rooted in the function which their biology serves in terms of generational replacement in class relations '' , they were left with the need to `` explain theoretically why the fact of different functions equals oppression '' and also had to `` find some way to account for the evidence of women 's oppression prior to class-based societies as , theoretically , it has been made non-existent outside of the needs of the class struggle . ''
The 2016 edition of Marxism and the Oppression of Women received a positive review from Jessie Muldoon in International Socialist Review . They considered Vogel correct to acknowledge contributions made by Marx , Engels , August Bebel , Zetkin , and Lenin , though they considered it debatable whether Vogel was correct to make sharp distinctions between Marx 's views and those of Engels . They credited Vogel with creating a framework to make possible a theory of women 's oppression by developing the implications of partially developed insights elaborated by Marx in Das Kapital ( 1867–1883 ) , thereby completing Marx 's work in this field , with discrediting Mariarosa Dalla Costa 's view that `` domestic labor produces surplus value '' , and with demonstrating that `` capital depends as much on reproduction as it does on production '' . They wrote that Vogel 's `` emphasis on material conditions and the biological differences between men and women ... may strike some readers as overly rigid '' and dated , but they considered Vogel 's `` insistence on the material roots of both and the concomitant need for a united working-class force that can challenge both simultaneously '' a `` huge contribution to the building of a feminist movement rooted in Marxism '' and concluded that Vogel 's book `` deserves to be recognized as a classic , indispensable companion to be read alongside Capital . ''
The political theorist Terrell Carver described Marxism and the Oppression of Women as a founding text of Marxist feminism .
McNally and Ferguson argued that the book had only a small number of supporters , due to being published at `` a moment of acute disarray for the socialist-feminist movement '' , but that its originality prevented it from being forgotten completely . In their view , the book was `` arguably the most sophisticated Marxist intervention in the theoretical debates thrown up by socialist feminism '' , and the contemporary `` resurgence of anti-capitalist struggle '' made its republication timely .
References
Bibliography
Books
Journals
External links
Lise Vogel : Marxism and the Oppression of Women . May 12 , 2015 , Cinema Europa , Zagreb , Croatia 8th Subversive Film Festival , `` Spaces of Emancipation : Micropolitics and Rebellions . '' ( Youtube )
Review in International Socialism
Review in International Socialist Review
1983 non-fiction books
Books by Lise Vogel
English-language books
Feminist books
Marxist books
Marxist feminism
Rutgers University Press books
The Sultan 's Palace is one of the main historical buildings of Stone Town , Zanzibar , Tanzania . It is a 3-story building with merlon-decorated white walls , located in Mizingani Road , on the seafront , between the House of Wonders and the Old Dispensary .
It stands on the site of the previous palace , called Bait As-Sahel Arabic : بيت الساحل ) that was destroyed in the Anglo Zanzibar war of 1896. ,
The present palace was built in late 19th century to serve as a residence for the Sultan 's family . After the Zanzibar Revolution , in 1964 it was formally renamed to People 's Palace and used as a government seat . In 1994 , it became a museum about the Zanzibari royal family and history .
One floor of the museum is dedicated to Sultan Sir Khalifa bin Harub ; another one to Sayyida Salme , best known as Emily Ruete , former Zanzibari princess who fled from the sultanate to relocate in Europe with their husband ; the exhibits include some of their writings , clothes and daily life accessories . Several of the furniture items and other belongings to the sultan 's family are in exhibition to give visitors an idea of how was the life in Zanzibar during the 19th century .
See also
List of museums in Tanzania
References
Buildings and structures in Zanzibar
Swahili architecture
Zanzibar City
Museums established in 1994
Tourist attractions in Zanzibar
1994 establishments in Tanzania
Museums in Zanzibar
is a district located at the northern part of Shinagawa , Tokyo , Japan . It consists of 1 to 5-chōme . As of February 1 , 2008 , the total population is 10,716 .
Higashigotanda borders Kamiōsaki , Shinagawa and Shirokanedai , Minato on the north , Takanawa , Minato on the east , Kitashinagawa , Shinagawa on the southeast , Ōsaki , Shinagawa ( across Meguro River ) on the south , and Nishigotanda , Shinagawa ( across JR Yamanote Line ) on the west .
Gotanda Station is located in Higashigotanda 1-chōme .
Higashigotanda has several well-known upper-class residential districts including and , which roughly correspond to Higashigotanda 3-chōme and 5-chōme , respectively .
Higashigotanda is home to two private universities . Seisen University is located in Higashigotanda 3-chōme , and Tokyo Health Care University is located in Higashigotanda 4-chōme .
Districts of Shinagawa
Nouadhibou Regional Hospital ( ) is a regional hospital in Nouadhibou , Mauritania . Construction started in 2012 and the foundation stone was laid by the president of Mauritania Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz . Financial Help came from the SNIM Foundation It was opened in 2017 and is staffed with about 50 Cuban Doctors and has 250 in patient beds .
References
External links
Article at www.mauritania.mr ( )
Hospitals in Mauritania
Nouadhibou
Hospitals established in 2017
Pet Lamb were a Dublin-based rock band formed in 1991 . They released two albums before splitting in 2000 .
History
The band 's initial line-up was Brian Mooney ( vocals , guitar ) , Dylan Philips ( vocals , guitar ) , Kevin Talbot ( bass guitar ) , and James Lillis ( drums ) . Irish independent record label Blunt Records released two EPs , Paranoid From The Neck Down ( 1993 ) and Spent ( 1994 ) . Influenced by The Jesus Lizard and Butthole Surfers , they played support slots for Therapy ? , Nomeansno , Babes In Toyland .
In February 1994 they recorded their first Peel session for BBC Radio . This brought interest from Roadrunner Records , who signed them , releasing the single `` Black Mask '' in late 1994 , before combining the tracks from the Blunt EPs for the Sweaty Handshake LP . The album , released in January 1995 , got a 9/12 rating from Hot Press .
They released the single `` Where Did Your Plans Go ? '' in April 1995 , described by Melody Maker as `` noisy nonsense '' . In July they recorded their second Peel session . In November that year they recorded their first studio album for Roadrunner with producer Martin Bisi in New York City , called High Anxiety . Although artwork for the album , and for its lead single , `` Holes '' , was drafted , neither were ultimately released as the band were dropped by the label in mid 1996 .
In 1996 drummer James Lillis left the band and was replaced by multi instrumentalist David Lacey . In summer 1997 they recorded their final album Tenderness , released on Blunt Records in April 1998 .
The band split up in 2000 .
The lost album High Anxiety was released on Spotify in 2014 .
Members
Brian Mooney – vocals , guitar ( 1991–2000 )
Dylan Philips – vocals , guitar ( 1991–2000 )
Kevin Talbot – bass guitar ( 1991–2000 )
James Lillis – drums ( 1991–1996 )
Dave Lacey – drums , vocals ( 1996–2000 )
Discography
Studio albums
High Anxiety ( 2014 ) , Spotify ( recorded in 1995 )
Tenderness ( 1998 ) , Blunt
Compilations
Sweaty Handshake ( 1995 ) , Roadrunner
EPs
Paranoid From The Neck Down ( 1993 ) , Blunt
Spent ( 1994 ) , Blunt
Singles
`` Black Mask '' ( 1994 ) , Roadrunner
`` Where Did Your Plans Go ? '' ( 1995 ) , Roadrunner
Compilation appearances
`` Son of John Doe '' : Volume Twelve ( 1994 ) CD & LP
`` Do n't Phase Me '' : Zip Up Your Boots for the Showbands ( 1996 ) CD
`` Baby , I Love You '' : Hot Shots ( 1998 ) CD given away with Hot Press magazine
`` Song About Salt '' : Three Degrees of Separation ( 1998 ) CD given away with Hot Press magazine
`` Six String Goal ( remixed by Decal ) '' : There 's Gon na Be Some Rockin '' ' ( 1999 ) Cassette given away at AC/DC tribute night at The Funnel , Dublin , on 17 March 1999
`` Walk All Over You ( live ) '' : It Was One of Those Nights ... '' ( 1999 ) Cdr recorded live at The Funnel , Dublin , on 17 March 1999
References
External links
Pat Lamb on Facebook
Pet Lamb at Irishmusiccentral.com
Musical groups from Dublin ( city )
Musical groups established in 1991
1991 establishments in Ireland
Musical groups disestablished in 2000
The RArchdiocese of Campo Grande ( ) is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or archdiocese of the Catholic Church located in the city of Campo Grande , Brazil . It is a metropolitan see and has six suffragans in its ecclesiastical province : Corumbá , Coxim , Dourados , Jardim , Naviraí , and Três Lagoas .
History
15 June 1957 : Established as Diocese of Campo Grande from the Diocese of Corumbá and Territorial Prelature of Registro do Araguaia
27 November 1978 : Promoted as Archdiocese of Campo Grande
Bishops
Ordinaries , in reverse chronological order
Archbishops of Campo Grande
Archbishop Dimas Lara Barbosa ( 2011.05.04 - present )
Archbishop Vitório Pavanello , S.D.B . ( 1986.12.12 – 2011.05.04 )
Archbishop Antônio Barbosa , S.D.B . ( 1978.11.27 – 1986.12.12 )
Bishops of Campo Grande
Bishop Antônio Barbosa , S.D.B . ( later Archbishop ) ( 1958.01.23 – 1978.11.27 )
Coadjutor archbishop
Vitório Pavanello , S.D.B . ( 1984-1986 )
Auxiliary bishops
Eduardo Pinheiro da Silva , S.D.B . ( 2005-2015 ) , appointed Bishop of Jaboticabal , São Paulo
Janusz Marian Danecki , O.F.M . Conv . ( 2015-
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Archdiocese website
Roman Catholic dioceses in Brazil
Roman Catholic ecclesiastical provinces in Brazil
Christian organizations established in 1957
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
The Ufa-Palast am Zoo , located near Berlin Zoological Garden in the New West area of Charlottenburg , was a major Berlin cinema owned by Universum Film AG , or Ufa . Opened in 1919 and enlarged in 1925 , it was the largest cinema in Germany until 1929 and was one of the main locations of film premières in the country . The building was destroyed in November 1943 during the Bombing of Berlin in World War II and replaced in 1957 by the Zoo Palast .
History
The Neo-Romanesque building at Hardenbergstraße was designed as an exhibition hall by architect Carl Gause ( 1851–1907 ) , an alumnus of the Bauakademie who had also drawn plans for the Hotel Adlon . Like the Romanisches Haus nearby , the design followed the model of the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church at Auguste-Viktoria-Platz ( present-day Breitscheidplatz ) , built in 1891–1895 according to plans by Franz Schwechten . The development of a `` Romanesque forum '' met the demands of Emperor Wilhelm II who even set guidelines for the design of streetlights and tram power lines . Construction work took place from 1905 to 1906 ; the building complex initially hosted the Ausstellungshallen am Zoologischen Garten exhibition halls , named after the adjacent Berlin Zoo .
In 1912 , Arthur Biberfeld converted the western hall into a theatre . In 1913–15 , projection facilities were installed by Oskar Kaufmann for the première of the film Quo Vadis , produced by the Italian Cines company , and from 1913 to 1914 , the theatre was called the Cines-Palast . The other section of the building housed a café and variety theatre called the Wilhelmshallen .
In 1919 , architect Max Bischoff rebuilt it for Ufa as a 1,740-seat cinema , which opened on 18 September 1919 with the première of Ernst Lubitsch 's Madame Dubarry . The cinema had a rectangular auditorium with two levels of proscenium boxes and the remaining seating arranged in horseshoe-shaped rows . Siegfried Kracauer praised the sightlines from the amphitheatre-style seating and the `` discreet '' and `` tasteful '' colour scheme ; the décor was simple , with faïence panels around the screen .
In 1925 , the cinema was again rebuilt by Carl Stahl-Urach ; it was enlarged to 2,165 seats by the addition of a balcony , the lighting was improved , and an illuminated cinema organ was added . The interior décor by Samuel Rachman resembled that of Broadway cinemas . It was the largest cinema in Germany until the 1929 opening of the Ufa-Palast in Hamburg , which was at that time the largest in Europe .
The reopening on 25 September 1925 was overseen by Ernö Rapée , a former employee of the American cinema impresario `` Roxy '' Rothafel who was brought over by Ufa together with Alexander Oumansky , who had been ballet director at Roxy 's Capitol Theatre , to introduce US-style cinema shows to Germany . They were given an 85-member orchestra plus a jazz band , and Roxy themselves came to offer assistance . The New York Times reported that the American `` combination of symphony concert , ballet and film '' had been successfully imported to Germany for the first time . Rapee stayed on for almost a year as manager and as Ufa 's senior music director , in which role they arranged music to accompany several films ; they left after supervising the opening of Ufa 's new Gloria-Palast across the square . Berlin 's own Capitol cinema , designed by Hans Poelzig , also opened in 1925 as a nearby competitor to the Ufa-Palast ; by 1928 , when Joseph Goebbels made a speech denouncing the entertainment and other business venues there , Berlin 's premier cinemas were clustered close together around the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church and some had deliberately sought to make it the `` Broadway of Europe '' .
Following the renovation , the exterior was used for advertising , designed by Ufa 's scenic designer Rudi Feld . This began with light displays and large posters and progressed to complete transformations of the appearance of the building . For example , for Spione in 1928 , a gigantic stylised eye stared out of the centre of the façade and the letters of the title , written across the whole width of the central bay , became pupils which emitted searchlights ; for Frau im Mond in 1929 , the façade was draped in lights to evoke stars , and above the entrances skyscraper cities jutted out , from the centres of which model spaceships travelled to a moon globe and back ; and for Asphalt , also in 1929 , a huge transparency of a street scene—taken from the credits—was mounted on the front of the building , with speeding cars in the foreground , and alternately lighted and darkened ; wooden gates swung closed in front of it , with the title written on them in letters blazing with light . The exception was Fritz Lang 's Metropolis , which received a double première on 10 January 1927 : the gala première at the Ufa-Palast am Zoo was attended by President Hindenburg but advertised only by a sign above the entrance reading Welturaufführung ( world première ) , while the smaller première , primarily for the press , took place at the smaller Ufa-Pavillon am Nollendorfplatz ( Germany 's first purpose-built cinema , dating to 1912 ) , which for the occasion was painted silver and illuminated `` gleam [ ing ] like a beacon into the night '' , as a contemporary reviewer put it , and had a gong mounted over the main entrance ; the film 's brief German run continued there .
Under the Nazis , for important occasions like the 1935 première of Leni Riefenstahl 's Triumph des Willens and the March 1943 celebration of Ufa 's own 25th anniversary , Albert Speer modified the façade and it was dressed with large numbers of swastika flags spotlighted from below and with a huge eagle . For the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin , Speer designed a false front in simplified classical style . The following year , the remainder of the façade was similarly covered and heavy masonry pylons evoking the entrance to the Olympic Stadium set on either side of the entrance ; one architectural historian has noted that except for the lack of windows and the decoration with film posters rather than government symbols , the building then looked very like Speer 's New Reich Chancellery .
The building was destroyed by bombing on 23 November 1943 . The Zoo Palast was built on the site in 1957 , built as a large film festival cinema for the Berlin International Film Festival , and fully renovated in 2011–2013 .
Use for premières
The Ufa-Palast am Zoo was one of the main locations for film premières in Germany . These included :
Premières under the Weimar Republic
18 September 1919 : Madame Dubarry
4 December 1919 : Die Puppe
14 December 1920 : Anna Boleyn
9 March 1920 : Kohlhiesels Töchter
1 September 1920 : Sumurun
29 October 1920 : Der Golem , wie er in die Welt kam
14 April 1921 : Die Bergkatze
22 October 1921 : Das indische Grabmal ( Part 1 )
19 November 1921 : Das indische Grabmal ( Part 2 )
27 April 1922 : Dr. Mabuse , der Spieler ( Part 1 )
26 May 1922 : Dr. Mabuse , der Spieler ( Part 2 )
13 November 1922 : Phantom
7 January 1924 : Die Finanzen des Großherzogs
14 February 1924 : Die Nibelungen ( Part 1 )
26 April 1924 : Die Nibelungen ( Part 2 )
23 December 1924 : Der letzte Mann
16 November 1925 : Varieté
14 October 1926 : Faust
17 December 1926 : The Holy Mountain
10 January 1927 : Metropolis
24 January 1927 : Eine Dubarry von heute
22 March 1928 : Spione
18 February 1929 : Asphalt
27 August 1929 : Der Würger
15 October 1929 : Frau im Mond
17 September 1930 : The Copper
11 May 1931 : M
31 August 1931 : Bombs on Monte Carlo
26 November 1931 : Der Draufgänger
24 March 1932 : Das blaue Licht
8 . August 1932 : Quick
12 October 1932 : Der schwarze Husar
19 November 1932 : Der weiße Dämon
22 December 1932 : F.P.1 antwortet nicht
Premières in the Third Reich until the outbreak of World War II
2 February 1933 : Morgenrot
9 May 1933 : Ein Lied geht um die Welt
15 August 1933 : Ein gewisser Herr Gran
30 August 1933 : S.O.S . Eisberg
1 December 1933 : Sieg des Glaubens
8 December 1933 : Flüchtlinge
29 March 1934 : Gold
12 March 1935 : Artisten
28 March 1935 : Triumph des Willens
19 November 1935 : Frisians in Peril
30 December 1935 : Tag der Freiheit : Unsere Wehrmacht
23 January 1936 : Traumulus
10 July 1936 : Weiberregiment
16 October 1936 : Stadt Anatol
23 December 1936 : Unter heißem Himmel
15 July 1937 : Der Mann , der Sherlock Holmes war
20 August 1937 : Alarm in Peking
19 October 1937 : Der zerbrochene Krug
21 December 1937 : Gasparone
6 January 1938 : Der Berg ruft
11 February 1938 : Der Tiger von Eschnapur
20 April 1938 : Olympia
26 February 1938 : Das indische Grabmal
1 April 1938 : Fünf Millionen suchen einen Erben
18 October 1938 : Dreizehn Stühle
Premières during World War II
20 March 1940 : Stern von Rio
28 November 1940 : Der ewige Jude
6 December 1940 : Bismarck
30 December 1940 : Wunschkonzert
14 February 1941 : Ohm Krüger
12 June 1942 : Die große Liebe
5 March 1943 : Münchhausen
Gala premières following first showing elsewhere
15 November 1929 : The White Hell of Pitz Palu
19 September 1933 : Hitlerjunge Quex
23 September 1936 : Der Bettelstudent
17 March 1939 : Wasser für Canitoga
15 August 1939 : Es war eine rauschende Ballnacht
26 September 1939 : Robert Koch , der Bekämpfer des Todes
19 January 1940 : Wir tanzen um die Welt
24 September 1940 : Jud Süß
23 October 1941 : Heimkehr
The première of Fritz Lang 's Das Testament des Dr. Mabuse , like those of their earlier films , was scheduled to be held at the Ufa-Palast am Zoo , on 23 March 1933 , but was cancelled when the film was banned by the Nazis .
References
External links
Exterior view of the Ufa-Palast am Zoo
Night view of the Ufa-Palast am Zoo
Buildings and structures in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf
Berlin Ufa-Palast am Zoo
Buildings and structures in Berlin destroyed during World War II
Buildings and structures demolished in 1943
1943 disestablishments in Germany
Former cinemas
The 2010–11 Stanbic Bank 20 Series was a Twenty20 cricket competition held in Zimbabwe from 13 – 21 November 2010 . It was won by the Mashonaland Eagles , who defeated the Mid West Rhinos in the final by one run .
The Eagles finished the group stage of the competition as the top team , losing only one match of the four-match round-robin . They then edged past the Tuskers in the first semi-final , winning a low-scoring match with their final pair of batsmen , passing their opponent 's total of 70 with just nine balls remaining . They met the Rhinos in the final , where thanks to 74 runs from Nick Compton , a late unbeaten 39 runs off 17 balls from Andrew Hall , and economical bowling from Ray Price , they won by just one run . Compton finished the competition as the leading run-scorer , amassing 233 runs from their six matches , at an average of 38.83 . Graeme Cremer and Chamu Chibhabha of the Southern Rocks and Mashonaland Eagles respectively claimed the most wickets , taking 11 each .
The competition also saw the return of Brian Lara to professional cricket after a two-year absence . Lara was described by international contemporary Kumar Sangakkara as `` one of the greatest batsmen the world has seen '' , shortly after the West Indian 's retirement from cricket . However , in early 2010 they had negotiations with Surrey to play Twenty20 cricket for them in the 2010 Friends Provident t20 . When the talks fell through , Lara insisted that they still wanted to return to play Twenty20 cricket , a format which they had n't played during their career . On 5 November , it was announced that they would join the Southern Rocks to play in the Stanbic Bank 20 Series . On their debut for the Rocks , and their first-ever Twenty20 match , they scored a half-century , top-scoring for the Rocks with 65 . They added 34 runs in their next two innings , but then left the competition , citing `` commitments elsewhere '' .
Fixtures and results
Group stage
Knockout stage
Semi-finals
Third-place play-off
Final
References
Stanbic Bank 20 Series , 2010-11
Stanbic Bank 20 Series , 2010-11
Stanbic Bank 20 Series
Stanbic Bank 20 Series
Dowlatabad-e Qeysariyeh ( , also Romanized as Dowlatābād-e Qeyşarīyeh ) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ray County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 920 , in 230 families .
References
Populated places in Ray County , Iran
Miaoli County ( Mandarin Pinyin : miáo lì xiàn ; Hakka PFS : Mèu-li̍t-yen ; Hokkien POJ : Biâu-le̍k-koān or Miâu-le̍k-koān ) is a county in western Taiwan . Miaoli is adjacent with Hsinchu County and Hsinchu City to the north , Taichung to the south , and borders the Taiwan Strait to the west . Miaoli is classified as a county in central Taiwan by the National Development Council , while the Taiwan Central Weather Bureau classifies Miaoli as a county in northern Taiwan . Miaoli City is the capital of the county , and is also known as `` Mountain Town '' , owing to the number of mountains nearby , making it a destination for hiking .
Name
The name Miaoli was coined by matching Hakka Chinese sound for the characters 貓貍 to the phonetically approximate Pali ( Bari ) from the Taokas language . The resulting word ( ) is a widespread but non-orthodox variant referring to Viverridae . In 1889 , during late Qing rule , the name was modified from various forms ( ) to its current form .
History
Evidence of settlement in Miaoli dates back a thousand years . Many archaeological artifacts have been found showing that during the prehistoric era , people lived in the river terrace . They mainly led an agriculture life and engaged in hunting and fishing for their extra food source . About a thousand years ago , an indigenous group Taokas settled here .
In the mid-17th century , Han Chinese began to migrate into the area , beginning a gradual process of deforestation and establishment of permanent settlement sites . The prior inhabitants of Miaoli were either assimilated into the dominant Han population , or migrated deeper into the mountainous range . After several hundred years , Miaoli had become the home of people from different origins , such as Hakka , Hoklo , Atayal and Saisiyat .
Kingdom of Tungning
After Koxinga took over Taiwan from the Netherlands , they placed Miaoli into Tian-Sing County ( 天興縣 ) and started an immigration plan to develop this area .
Qing Dynasty
After the last Tungning Ruler Zheng Keshuang surrendered to the Qing Dynasty , Tian-sing County was renamed Zhuluo County . In 1889 , Miaoli Hsien ( 苗栗縣 ) was established as an independent county under Taiwan Prefecture . At the end of the 19th century , thousands of acres of high-quality fertile fields had been reclaimed in the area of Nanzhuang , Shitan , Dahu and Zhuolan . Public and private schools were also established all over Miaoli which made the area a place of gathering intellectuals and elites in northern Taiwan .
Empire of Japan
The county was at first eliminated under Japanese Imperial rule . existed from ca . 1901 to 1908 , but was split over and in 1909 . From 1920 to 1945 , , and six villages were under the jurisdiction of Byōritsu District , under Shinchiku Prefecture .
Republic of China
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China on 25 October 1945 , the present day area of Miaoli County was incorporated to Hsinchu County . On 16 August 1950 , the government re-established Miaoli county with Miaoli Township as the county seat . On 25 December 1981 , Miaoli Township was upgraded from township to a county-administered city .
Geography
Miaoli County is considered to be located in the central northern part of the island of Taiwan , contiguous with Hsinchu county , Hsinchu City , and Taichung City . The Xueshan Range is located on the border between Miaoli county and Taichung City . Miaoli county north to south averages about 50 kilometers and east to west averages about 64 kilometers . It is roughly diamond-shaped in appearance . The overall coastline of Miaoli is about 50 kilometers long .
Miaoli has little flat lands ( plateau ) and very mountainous due to the Xueshan Range . Miaoli has rich rainfall along with abundant rivers .
Administrative divisions
Miaoli County is divided into 2 cities , 5 urban townships , 10 rural townships and 1 mountain indigenous townships . Miaoli County has the second highest number of urban townships after Changhua County . Miaoli City is the county seat which houses the Miaoli County Government and Miaoli County Council . The incumbent Magistrate of Miaoli County is Hsu Yao-chang of the Kuomintang .
Colors indicate the common language status of Hakka within each division . Note that Nanzhuang and Tai'an AGE also indigenous areas of Atayal people .
Demographics and culture
Population
The main population of Miaoli County is comprised by the Han Chinese and the Taiwanese aborigines . The Taiwanese aborigines constitute about 1.9 % of the total population where the rural areas is where the Hokkiens are the main group in western urban areas of Miaoli , while the Hakkas comprise the main group of Han Chinese in the rural southern and central parts of Miaoli county
Taiwanese aborigines
The Saisiat currently reside in the Wufeng Township of Hsinchu County and the Nanzhuang Township of Miaoli County . Due to oppression by initial Han immigrants , the Atayal aboriginal group and the Nanzhuang Incident , the population of the Saisiat people has decreased to 5,000 people . It is the least populous Taiwanese aboriginal group after the Thao people . The traditions and culture of the Saisiat is greatly impacted by the Atayal aborigines and Hakka people in the region .
Han Chinese
During the Qing Dynasty , Miaoli was inhabited by Hokkiens in the coast and Hakka in the rural peasant mountainous areas . Currently , the inhabitants of the four coastal townships of Miaoli ( Nanzhuang Township , Houlong Township , Tongxiao Township , and Yuanli Township ) consists of primarily Taiwanese Hokkien speakers . With the exception of the four coastal townships and Tai'an Township , the main population consists of Hakka .
Sports
The main sports and recreational structures in Miaoli include Miaoli Sports Hall , Miaoli County Tennis Court , and the Park of Zhunan Township . In Taiwan National Athletic Games of 2011 , Miaoli is ranked 21 out of 22 teams with 1 gold , 1 silver , and 8 bronze .
Economy
Popular regional agriculture , food production and culture promoted by the government include strawberries from Dahu Township , Hakka zongzi , Sanwan Chinese pears , Touwu Daikons , Sanyi wood sculptures , Tai'an persimmons , and many more .
In 2019 , annual revenue of Miaoli County is NT $ 19.1 billion , while its annual expenditure is NT $ 18.9 billion . Monthly , Miaoli County Government spends NT $ 600 million on their staffs salaries and another NT $ 600 million for retirement obligation . As of July 2015 , the county government has a debt of NT $ 64.8 billion .
On revenue , the county government received NT $ 9,572,442,000 from tax revenue ( 49.92 % of all of its total revenue ) , NT $ 8,845,859,000 from subsidy and financial assistance ( 46.13 % of all of its total revenue ) and NT $ 283,792,000 from fines and compensation ( 1.49 % of all of its total revenue ) . On expenditure , the county government spent NT $ 7,239,103,000 on education , science and culture ( 38.21 % of all of its total expenditure ) , NT $ 4,457,682,000 for general and administration ( 23.53 % of all of its total expenditure ) and NT $ 2,267,660,000 on social welfare ( 11.97 % of all of its total expenditure ) .
Education
Education-related affairs in Miaoli County is regulated by Education Department of the Miaoli County Government . At the end of 2004 , the population of people older than 15 years old was 451,128 , among which 97.91 % of them were literate . There were 108,052 college-educated , 156,870 senior high school or junior college graduates , 176,755 junior high school or lower graduates . The percentage of people receiving education higher than college was relatively low .
Miaoli County houses several universities and colleges , such as the National United University , Yu Da University and Jen-Teh Junior College of Medicine , Nursing and Management .
Energy
Power generation
Miaoli County houses the gas-fired Tunghsiao Power Plant in Tongxiao Township , the second largest gas-fired power plant in Taiwan with a capacity of 1,815 MW . The county also houses Taiwan 's first offshore wind power plant named Formosa 1 Offshore Wind Farm .
Water supply
The Mingde Dam in Touwu Township supplies water for irrigation and water supply for the county . The dam has a capacity of 17.1 million cubic meters .
Tourism
Tourist arrivals to Miaoli in 2011 was 17,000,000 people .
Tourist attractions
Nature
Nature tourism in Miaoli County including Flying Cow Ranch , Longfeng Fishing Port , Shei-Pa National Park , Waipu Fishing Port and Yongheshan Reservoir .
Museums and galleries
Miaoli County houses several museums , such as Huoyan Mountain Ecology Museum , Miaoli Ceramics Museum , Miaoli County Urban Planning Exhibition Center , Miaoli Railway Museum , Museum of Saisiat Folklore , Sanyi Wood Sculpture Museum , Taiwan Oil Field Exhibition Hall , Triangle Rush Exhibition Hall and Zaochiao Charcoal Museum .
Cultural centers
Cultural centers in the county include the Miaoli Park , Wu Chuo-liu Art and Cultural Hall , Wugu Cultural Village , Yingtsai Academy and Hakka Round House .
Entertainment centers
Entertainment centers in the county are Nanzhuang Theater and West Lake Resortopia .
Temples
Temples in the county are Zhonggang Cihyu Temple , Gongtian Temple , Shuntian Temple , Yuqing Temple , Miaoli Wenchang Temple , Xuanwang Temple and Maling Temple .
Festivals
The various cultural festivals of Miaoli County includes , Miaoli Marine Tourism , Meng-Hua Literary Award , Hakka Tung Hua Festival , Hakka folk song festival , Miaoli international tourism festival , etc .
Transportation
Rail
Miaoli Station of the Taiwan High Speed Rail is located in Houlong Township .
Miaoli County is also served by the Western Trunk Line and Taichung Line of the Taiwan Railways Administration .
Stations on the Coastal Line include :
Qiding
Zhunan
Tanwen
Dashan
Houlong
Longgang
Baishatun
Xinpu
Tongxiao
Yuanli Station
Stations on the Taichung Line include :
Zhunan
Zaoqiao
Fengfu
Miaoli
Nanshi
Tongluo
Sanyi Station
Road
Both National freeway No 1 and National freeway No 3 pass through Miaoli County .
Relative location
References
External links
Taiwan placenames originating from Formosan languages
The 22123 / 24 Pune–Ajni AC Superfast Express is a Superfast Express train of the AC Express series belonging to Indian Railways – Central Railway zone that runs between and in India .
It operates as train number 22123 from Pune Junction to Ajni and as train number 22124 in the reverse direction , serving the state of Maharashtra .
Coaches
The 22123 / 24 Pune–Ajni AC Superfast Express has 9 AC 3 tier , 4 AC 2 Tier & 2 End on Generator coaches . It does n't carry a pantry car .
As is customary with most train services in India , coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand .
EOG consists of Luggage and Generator coach
B consists of AC 3 Tier coach
PC consists of Pantry car coach
A consist of AC 2 Tier coach
H consists of First Class AC cCoach
Service
The 22123 Pune–Ajni AC Superfast Express covers the distance of in 14 hours ( 63.00 km/hr ) & in 15 hours 55 mins as 22124 Ajni–Pune AC Superfast Express ( 56.00 km/hr ) .
As the average speed of the train is above , as per Indian Railways rules , its fare includes a Superfast Express surcharge .
Routeing
The 22123 / 24 Pune–Ajni AC Superfast Express runs from Pune Junction via , , , , , , , to Ajni .
Traction
As the route is fully electrified , an Ajni-based WAP-7 locomotive powers the train up to its destination .
Rake sharing
22117 / 22118 Pune–Amravati AC Superfast Express
22125 / 22126 Nagpur–Amritsar AC Superfast Express
Operation
22123 Pune–Ajni AC Superfast Express leaves Pune Junction every Friday & arriving Ajni on next day .
22124 Ajni–Pune AC Superfast Express leaves Ajni every Tuesday & arriving Pune Junction on next day .
References
External links
22123 AC Superfast Express at India Rail Info
22124 AC Superfast Express at India Rail Info
Transport in Pune
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Transport in Amravati
AC Express ( Indian Railways ) trains
Peruvanam Pooram is one of the most popular temple festivals of the South Indian state of Kerala . It is held at Peruvanam Temple in Cherpu , Thrissur District . Lord Shiva is the presiding deity of this temple .
The deity of the Peruvanam Mahadeva Temple does not participate in the pooram , and is a silent spectator to the proceedings , just like Thrissur Vadakkumnathan . The participation is limited to temples with Devi and Sastha as the primary deities . It is said that the festival used to witness participation from 108 temples . Presently , the festivities consist of processions ( called `` Ezhunnallippu '' ) from about 23 temples .
As per records at the Peruvanam Mahadeva Temple ( Granthavali ) , the year 2016 witnessed the 1434th edition of the pooram , in its present form . The pooram occupies an important place in the cultural fabric and history of the state of Kerala .
The Peruvanam pooram is known for its grandeur , and its strict adherence to rituals . The Pandi and Panchari melams played here are of the highest standards . The Panchari melams of Urakam Devi temple and the Cherpu Bhagavathy Temple , are amongst the finest performed , with the latter being the more famous . The Peruvanam Nadavazhi ( Malayalam for `` Walkway '' ) is the venue for the finest processions/melams , the construction of which is in such a manner that it forms a natural theater for the percussion performances . The Peruvanam Nadavazhi is considered a sacred theatre for Melams by discerning listeners .
Present day festivals in Kerala witness mass participation from all strata of the society . Much of this phenomenon , can be attributed to the Peruvanam Pooram , which has played a major role in developing the cultural fabric of Kerala . The Peruvanam pooram boasts of a rich history , and can perhaps be the oldest organised ritualistic festival existing on the planet .
History
The earliest historical reference to Peruvanam occurs in A.D. 583 ( `` Ayathu Shivalokam Nah '' - kalivakyam denoting the starting of Peruvanam pooram as per Peruvanam Granthavari ) which is also the first record of the oldest pooram festival . 108 temples coming under the Peruvanam Kshetra sanketham , which extended from Bharathapuzha in the north to Periyar in the south , used to assemble at Arattupuzha Shastha temple which was the venue of the gala pooram gathering . This was known as Peruvanam pooram or Peruvanam Pallivetta . Due to the detachment of the various temple participants later for various reasons , the pooram festival faltered some five hundred years back . Later , the now famous Thrissur Pooram was started by Sakthan Thampuran of Cochin , in eighteenth century overshadowing the Peruvanam pooram which is now an affair comprising only 23 temples .
The new version has been in existence now for 1431 years . It is held in the Malayalam month of Meenam ( usually , April ) . The pooram consists of numerous Ezhunnallippu ( Malayalam word which means taking out a temple deity atop a caparisoned elephant ) with elephants totalling seven , to the accompaniment of traditional percussion ensembles like Panchari melam or Pandi melam . For the Peruvanam pooram , the first ezhunnallippu starts in the evening and stretches till dawn of the next day . The pooram has its highlight in the form of the four-hour Panchari melam starting at about 4am .
Although the more popular Thrissur Pooram can be accredited with bringing major changes to the conduct of Poorams in Kerala , the Peruvanam Pooram claims a rich history , and it has witnessed a lot of innovations/additions , some of which form the core of temple festivals in Kerala . The first performance of the Panchari melam is said to have been performed for the Pooram of Urakathamma Thiruvadi , at the Peruvanam Pooram . Caparisons for elephants , called `` Nettipattams '' , were first introduced in the pooram of Cherpu Bhagavathy Temple , at Peruvanam Pooram .
Proceedings
Pisharikkal Bhagavathy
The Bhagavathy ( Malayalam for a feminine deity , generally Devi ) from the Pisharikkal temple at Kadalassery sets all the events of the night in motion . The pooram of Pisharikkal Bhagavathy starts at about 4PM , and the procession comprises three elephants , to the accompaniment of Panchari Melam . The word Pisharikkal is a corrupted form of the Malayalam word `` Visha-haari '' ( implying antidote/treatment for poison ) . This pooram is the ritualistic opener for the events of the day , and all other Poorams have to wait until the procession of Pisharikkal Bhagavathy starts and ends .
Arattupuzha Sastha
The first main Pooram on the day is of Arattupuzha Sastha . The deity arrives at the temple through the southern entrance ( Gopuram ) before sunset . Seven elephants decorated with exquisite ornaments stand in a row facing north , but , exposed to the rays of the setting sun . That is a sight that will linger in the mind , for times to come . An elaborate Pandi Melam commences immediately . After about 30 minutes the deity moves towards the eastern entrance ( Gopuram ) and enters the walkway facing east . The Pandi Melam continues there , and lasts until about 10 PM .
Chathakudam Sastha
Meanwhile , Chathakudam Sastha would have assembled seven decorated elephants at the eastern end of the walkway and started an elaborate Panchari Melam , just after 7:30 PM . Thottippal Bhagavathy accompanies Sastha on the adjoining elephant to the left . The Melam lasts until about 10:30 All this time , Arattupuzha Sastha would be waiting at the eastern end of the walkway to return to the Peruvanam temple . Two other Sastha , of Metankulam and Kalleli , join Him at that time . The three ascend the walkway with a Panchari Melam . This takes place before the third Pooram of the day , of Urakathu Ammathiruvadi , commences .
Urakatthu Ammathiruvadi
The Pooram of Ammathiruvadi starts from the same eastern side of the walkway , right behind that of Chathakudam even before that comes to an end . The actual Panchari Melam commences only after that of Chathakudam comes to an end . Then , Chathakudam Sastha joins Ammathiruvadi on an elephant to the right . The Melam goes even beyond midnight . This is followed by fireworks , lit right in front of the deity on the walkway .
Vilakku
One of the important attractions of Peruvanam Pooram takes place within the temple of Irattayappan at midnight . This is relatively an unnoticed event of the night . Eleven deities who do not have their own elaborate Poorams on the night would have arrived on single elephants while the other Poorams were in progress . They all come to the temple , pay homage to the deity of Irattayappan by going around inside the temple yard and then alight from the elephant . The Kolam would then be led to the Mandapam of Irattayappan where each has specific spot to rest .
At midnight they all mount their own elephants and form an array outside the western entrance to Irattayappan . The respective oil lamps which lead the deities from their temples to Peruvanam also form an array in front of the elephants . The drummers ( Maarars ) and other supporting percussionists from the respective temples then start an elaborate Panchari Melam . At midnight with no artificial light to spoil the show this event called a ‘ Vilakku ' has a mesmerizing effect .
Cherpu Bhagavathy
Cherpu Bhagavathy is the last to enter the walkway . But , the deity would have arrived by midnight , along the road from the temple which is about a mile away , at the turning to the Thayamkulangara Subrahmaniaswamy temple . There , a Panchavadyam of very high standards commences at about 11:30 PM . The procession of three elephants , accompanied by Panchavadyam slowly moves towards the Mekkavu Kali temple . The Panchavadyam comes to an end there before 3 AM . Subsequently , a Pandi Melam starts , and the procession enters the Peruvanam temple through the western Gopuram . The Melam lasts for an hour . There is a ritual at that time of asking whether there are any other temples which want to perform a Pooram . Cherpu Bhagavathy is supposed to be the last to perform . Hence , the question . Ayykunnu Bhagavathy joins the procession at this time and the two deities on an elephant each , with other five elephants , move towards the eastern side of the temple . That is where the famous Panchari Melam starts , soon after 4 AM . After an hour or so , the procession moves towards the walkway facing east . The Melam lasts until about 8 AM , much after sunrise . The array of seven gold decorated elephants under the rays of the rising sun is another , probably the most thrilling , experience of the Peruvanam Pooram .
Conclusion of Poorams
All the Bhagavathis , starting with the one from Pisharikkal , conclude the celebration with a ritual bath at the temple pond , called Thotukulam . Each deity performs the bath immediately after the conclusion of its own Pooram .
References
Cherpu Bhagavathy Temple
Elephant festivals in Kerala
Culture of Thrissur
Festivals in Thrissur district
April observances
Hindu festivals in Kerala
The 33rd Venice Biennale , held in 1966 , was an exhibition of international contemporary art , with 36 participating nations . The Venice Biennale takes place biennially in Venice , Italy . Winners of the Gran Premi ( Grand Prize ) included Argentine painter Julio Le Parc , Danish sculptor Robert Jacobsen ex aequo with Étienne Martin ( France ) , Japanese etcher Masuo Ikeda , and Italians painter Lucio Fontana , sculptor Alberto Viani , and etcher Ezio Gribaudo .
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1966 in art
1966 in Italy
Venice Biennale exhibitions
Andrew Morison Zuill ( born 22 April 1937 ) is a Scottish former first-class cricketer and accountant .
Zuill was born at Falkirk in April 1937 . They were educated at Merchiston Castle School , before matriculating to the University of Edinburgh where they studied to become an accountant . A club cricketer for Stenhousemuir Cricket Club , Zuill made their debut in first-class cricket for Scotland against Warwickshire at Edgbaston in 1962 . They were a regular feature in the Scottish team of the 1960s , making seven first-class appearances ; however , they played in just two first-class matches for Scotland in the 1970s , against Ireland at Dublin in 1975 , and the touring Sri Lankans in 1979 . Morison scored 231 runs in their nine first-class matches , at an average of 15.40 . They made one score over fifty , with 62 against Ireland in 1968 . By profession , Zuill was an accountant . They later became a national selector for Scotland . Their club cricket with Stenhousemuir spanned over thirty years , which included being the club captain from 1957 to 1989 , when they passed the captaincy to their son , Douglas . In their club career , they scored 27,588 runs and made nine centuries .
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
People from Falkirk
People educated at Merchiston Castle School
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish accountants
Scottish cricketers
Scotland national cricket team selectors
Maduk may refer to :
Miduk , a village in Iran
Maduk ( musician ) ( born 1990 ) , Dutch drum and bass producer/DJ
The Forest for the Trees ( ) is a 2003 German film directed by Maren Ade in their feature film directorial debut .
The movie premiered at the 2003 Hof International Film Festival before going on to play at the 2004 Toronto International Film Festival and the 2005 Sundance Film Festival .
Plot
Melanie Pröschle is a 27-year-old school teacher who moves to Karlsruhe to work at a new school . Melanie is optimistic about their new life but they are quickly demoralized by their difficulty making friends in the new city and by the unruly students they ca n't control .
After a student throws chocolate milk on her , Melanie tries to discipline them by talking to their mother , but after their mother dismisses the incident , Melanie covers it up .
Melanie manages to befriend Tina , a salesgirl who sells them a jacket and who happens to live in the same tenement building as they do . After Tina visits Melanie in their apartment , the two get drunk and , realizing that Tina 's apartment is viewable from Melanie 's apartment , they end up spying on Tina 's ex , Tobias , as they enter the apartment . Melanie continues to pursue Tina 's friendship , but things quickly become awkward as Melanie spies on Tina from their apartment and goes out of their way to chase down Tina .
At school , things take a turn for the worse when Melanie overhears two colleagues discussing them and how they let the children run wild . Upset , Melanie calls their mother , but rather than worry her , ends up cancelling their planned trip home to stay in Karlsruhe over vacation . They spend their vacation alone , spying on Tina as they go out with their other friends .
As the new term begins , Melanie continues to have problems at school and with Tina . They are relieved when Tina invites them to their birthday party ; however , they bump into Tobias outside and , introducing herself , tells them it would be better if they did n't come inside . Tobias then gives them flowers to deliver to Tina . When Tina realizes that Melanie told Tobias not to come up , they tell them to leave .
Melanie 's attempts to reconnect with Tina fail and while spying on Tina from their window , they spot Tobias and Tina peering back at them and appearing to make fun of them Upset , Melanie begins to miss work obligations , skipping parent-teacher night . The following day they leaf class in the middle of the day , gets in their car and begins to drive . As they drive , they let go of the wheel and climbs into the back seat where they calmly survey the scenery .
Cast
Eva Löbau as Melanie Pröschle
Daniela Holtz as Tina Schaffner
Jan Neumann as Thorsten Rehm
as Frau Sussmann
as Tobias
Heinz Röser-Dümmig as Lutger Reinhardt
Martina Eckrich as Renate Pföhler
Nina Fiedler as Bine
Hans-Rüdiger Kucich as Gerd Postweiler
Ruth Köppler as Elvira Fischer-Walter
Achim Enchelmaier as Bernd
as Melanie 's mother
Volker Jeck as Melanies Vater
Hans-Peter Gastiger as recycler
Andreas Bornhardt as Garden Center worker
Violetta Breuer as neighbor
Siegfried Schneider as Herr Meiser
Film development
The film was Ade 's thesis film for film school . Ade based the movie on stories their parents , who both were teachers , had told them
Release
The Forest for the Trees was released on DVD on February 1 , 2006 by Film Movement .
Reception
Awards
In 2005 , The Forest for the Trees won the top award at three international film festivals : the Indie Lisboa Festival ( in Portugal ) , the Newport Film Festival , and the Valencia Golden Jove Film Festival .
Critical response
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an approval rating of 77 % based on 13 critics , with an average rating of 6.3/10 .
Jamie Woolley of BBC wrote `` For a first film , it 's accomplished ; for a college project , it 's astonishing '' .
Time Out commented `` Eva Lbau 's lynchpin performance as Melanie is a shattering lesson in the tropes of timidity and awkwardness , and serves in taking this cinema of cruelty into as yet uncharted territory '' .
According to Eddie Cockrell of Variety `` Tapping in to primal fears of professional ineptitude and social rejection with an almost sadistic meticulousness , The Forest for the Trees is a precisely modulated first film '' .
References
External links
Films about teacher–student relationships
Films about school violence
Films directed by Maren Ade
2003 directorial debut films
Films set in Baden-Württemberg
Ted Castle may refer to :
Edward Castle , Baron Castle ( 1907–1979 ) , British journalist and politician
Ted Castle ( photographer ) ( 1918–2000 ) , American photojournalist
Ted Castle , founder of Rhino Foods , an American ice cream manufacturer
Ashton International College is an English-medium private school with two branches , situated in Benoni , Gauteng and Ballito , Kwa-Zulu Natal . The College 's motto is Sedulis Praestantia ( Excellence Belongs to the Zealous ) .
History
The Ashton Senior College was founded on 13 December 1996 by Mr Andre Buys and opened its doors to its founder students in January 1998 . In 2002 , the Ashton Junior College opened .
Management
The junior and senior college principals of the Benoni branch are Ms G. Testa and Ms L. Felix , respectively .
Structure
Ashton International College consists of three units : a pre-primary ( a.k.a . kindergarten ) , junior college ( from Grade 1 to 7 ) and a senior college ( from Form 1/Grade 8 to Form 5/Grade 12 ) .
Facilities
The Benoni branch of Ashton International College boasts the following facilities :
Rhinoturf sports field ;
25m swimming pool ;
Three biology and three science laboratories ;
Computer laboratory with 3-D printing capabilities ;
Tuckshop ;
Junior music room with marimbas and piano ; and an
Auditorium .
Curriculum
The Senior College offers curricula and examinations from the Cambridge and Independent Examinations Board , with the former being the most encouraged . Grade 8/Form 1 students are required to take a mixture of the syllabi , before choosing which curriculum and subjects they would like to take in the next year .
External links
1996 establishments in South Africa
Cambridge schools in South Africa
Private schools in Gauteng
Eilema angustula is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1965 . It is found on Madagascar .
References
Moths described in 1965
angustula
Crocadoo is an Australian animated series produced by Energee Entertainment and the Nine Network from 1996 to 1998 . It follows the adventures of a group of blue crocodiles trying to protect their riverbank from a mad developer . Crocadoo was Energee Entertainment 's first original series , its first season being digitally colored and composited with Apple computers running Adobe , Linker Systems and COSA software . The first season 's 3D backgrounds ( Hotel , hotel interiors ) were created using SGI Power Animator . Halfway through the first series , beginning with `` Watch out for the Wonglebacks '' , some character animation was outsourced to Vietnam . Crocadoo 's second season utilized Energee Entertainment 's own CECAPS computer paint software .
Currently , the show is part of the Family Entertainment catalog and continues to air on their television networks worldwide .
Characters
Main
Jazz ( voiced by Simon Westaway in season 1 and Hugo Weaving in season 2 ) : A blue , skinny , male croc who is the leader of the crocodiles . They have all the plans and ideas to encourage all the other crocs to do whatever it takes to protect the riverbank . Their Mum named them `` Jeremy '' , but they changed that to something cooler .
Brian ( voiced by Dave Gibson ) : A purple , muscular , male croc who is Jazz 's brother . They are usually hungry and lazy and easily gets confused , but is nice and friendly most of the time , unless if Jazz messes around with him .
Rufus B. Hardacre ( voiced by Tony Barry ) : The main antagonist of the show . A greedy hotel manager who hates crocodiles and plans to get rid of them to pave way for their new hotel development . They even hate their guests and only cares about theirs money .
Ajax ( voiced by Dave Gibson ) : A cockatoo who is Hardacre 's sidekick despite the fact that they hate each other . They will tease and belittle Hardacre any way they can and is not afraid to fight back against their abuse .
Secondary
Melba ( voiced by Judy Morris in season 1 and Joanne Moore in season 2 ) : A blue female croc who wears glasses , a red necklace , and an orange dress ( pink top in season 2 ) . They are the babysitter of the baby crocs and often tries to put all the other crocs on track ( especially Jazz ) .
Gina ( voiced by Maryanne Fahey in season 1 and Joanne Moore in season 2 ) : A blue , red haired , female croc that Brian has a crush on and often tries to get them attention .
Waldo ( voiced by Simon Westaway in season 1 and Hugo Weaving in season 2 ) : A big , fat , dark blue croc who loves to eat anything , especially if its not real food .
Ol ' Vern ( voiced by Dave Gibson ) : The eldest of the crocodiles . They are a storyteller and the keeper of Crocadoo 's history .
Kelly ( voiced by Maryanne Fahey ) : A teenage girl genius who wears green glasses . They are the niece of Hardacre . Unlike their uncle , they are friends with the crocs and helps protect their home against him .
Billy ( voiced by Aaron Pedersen ) : An aboriginal teenage boy who works as a tour guide out in the riverbank showing tourists the Crocs . They are friends with all the crocodiles often helps them out alongside Kelly .
Other Characters
Big Boss : Hardacre 's boss is in charge of a multinational company . They often order Hardacre around and warns them that he 'll be fired otherwise . Their face is never revealed .
Kevin : A little troublemaking boy who lives in Hardacre 's Hotel and makes friends the crocs . They often call Hardacre , `` Mr. Hardbottom '' .
Anna : A 20 ft tall fish who swam all the way from Sweden . Hardacre had put up an advertisement for a large fish to eat up crocs , but they only came for a hot love affair .
Barrymundi : Small brown fish with a mustache who loves Anna and convinces them to marry him .
Slim and Scanty : Two gangsters that have been hired by Hardacre to measure plans for their building resort . Slim is a short stubby man that hypnotizes Crocs with their big , ugly , and very strange eye . Scanty is a tall skinny woman who has doubts that Slim is a real gangster , until Slim proves that they can do something powerful and harmful .
Michelle : A hotheaded chef who formally worked at a cafe called Tucker Box . They have a Swedish accent and puts on a Viking helmet when she 's mad .
Bloodnuts : A pair of two hooligans named Audrey and Hillis , they hunt crocodiles and then skin them for boots . Do n't mess with them or else .
Wrestling Alligator : They are a gigantic alligator , later revealed to be a muscular ant in disguise , who wrestles crocs .
Bunyip ; The Bunyip is a legendary monster who supposedly arrives in times of crisis to save the animals of Crocadoo . When Hardacre 's illgal bulldozers wake the Bunyip from their slumber , they turn out to be a bit of a sook , and not much of a monster .
Mr Downfall ; The hotel inspector , Mr Downfall appears in the first and last shows of the second series . They give Hardacre 's new hotel half a star , a temporary license which will be revoked if the crocodiles are not happy when they return .
Basher and Crasher ; Instead of Donner and Blitzen and Rudolph , Santa 's reindeer are Basher and Crasher , who team up with the crocs to rescue Santa , who has been imprisoned and stripped of all the children 's presents by Hardacre .
Other Hardacres ; Kelly is not the only relative of Hardacre 's to appear in the show . While some such as Mad Uncle Scotty aid in their schemes , others oppose them including their nephew Percy and their frightening Mumsy .
Episodes
Season 1 : 1996
The Noise Machine
Watch out for the Wonglebacks !
Daycare Nightmare
The Club
Big Fish Blues
Almost A Ghost
Jobs For The Crocs
The Frame Up
Jailhouse Croc
Rumble In The Jungle
Frankencroc
The Tourist Trap
Gone Troppo
X Is For Explorers
The Big Dry
Urban Crocodile
Crocadoo Breakout
Slippery Dip
Making Movies
Red Eyed Rogue
Hiccups
Cane Toad Chaos
Mixed Up Love
Tyrannosaurus Wrecks
Croc Haven
Crocs In Peril
Season 2 : 1998
Friday The 13th
A Bunyip Story
Space Dog
Baby On Board
Trouble Ahead
Robocroc
I Scream Of Genie
The Big Dig
Wipeout
Robbing Hood
Pick-a-Silly-Circus
Crocodile Magic
White Christmas
Tree Lurking Crocs
Easter Feast
Arty Party
Tiny Bit Of Trouble
Croc Olympics
Pollution In Paradise
What 's The Time Mr. Croc ?
Waldo The Wondercroc
Holiday Hazards
Lost Island
Venus Croctrap
Birthday Surprise
The Year Of The Croc
Computer Game
`` Crocadoo Gone Troppo '' is a Windows 95/98 and Macintosh game created by Dataworks Australia . You have to help Jazz and the other Crocs save their friend Brian from Hardacare , Ajax and the Mad Professor before they change their attitude in the Troppo Controller ( The new invention made by the Mad Professor that controls everyone 's attitude ) .
Along the way there are activities that involve solving , puzzling and creative skills .
The game was released in 1998 at the same time when season 2 was aired .
See also
List of Australian television series
References
Australian children 's animated television series
Nine Network original programming
1996 Australian television series debuts
1998 Australian television series endings
1990s Australian animated television series
George Fenwick or Fenwicke may refer to :
Sir George Fenwick ( 1847–1929 ) , New Zealand newspaper proprietor and editor
George Fenwick ( Parliamentarian ) ( 1603–1657 ) , founder of Saybrook Colony in Connecticut
George Fenwicke ( 1690–1760 ) , English clergyman and religious writer
Wittigkofen Castle is a castle in the municipality of Bern of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
Wittigkofen Castle was originally built as a residence for a farm and was awarded to the followers of the Zähringians . In the mid thirteenth century Heinricus Wittenchoven managed the farm . They were a member of the council and the first documented feudal superior . The property was also home to the monastery of Interlaken . The castle had several owners and belonged to different families . Beat Ludwig von Mülinen ( 1521-1597 ) purchased the castle in 1570 and gave half to Hans Rudolf Steiger ( 1549-1577 ) six years later .
Von Wurstemberger library
In June 2011 a decision was made by the director Jürg StüssiLauterburg of the Library am Guisanplatz ( BiG ) , a federal military library in Bern , to purchase a historical collection of items from the Von Wurstemberger family . The collection of items had been collected and exhibited in the Wittigkofen Castle . The collection included a large library , maps , and a portrait of Johann Ludwig Von Wurstemberger , a cabinet , and drawings . The Von Wurstemberger library was located in the French room of the castle and contained many books that reflected the impact that this family had on the Confederation 's military history . Before being packed for transfer , every book was thoroughly cleaned with a special vacuum to avoid bringing insects to their new location . The books were packed into 50 removal boxes for transfer to the Library am Guisanplatz , with the help of active military personnel , and moved to their new location in September 2011 .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Finn Wentworth ( born 1958 ) is an entrepreneur , philanthropist , and investor in major commercial real estate and sports ventures in the United States . Wentworth was COO and CEO of Yankeenets , the holding company for the New York Yankees , New Jersey Nets , and New Jersey Devils professional sports teams . As an owner who also served as the leading executive of those franchises , Wentworth was one of the founders of the YES Network national sports network along with Leo Hindery . Wentworth has also held the position of President and CEO of the New Jersey Nets NBA team . During their tenure with the teams , the Yankees won two world championships , the Devils won two Stanley Cups , and the Nets twice won the NBA Eastern Conference finals . Wentworth is an owner and founding partner along with David Welsh of Normandy Real Estate Partners based in Morristown , New Jersey with offices in Washington D.C. , New York City , and Boston , Massachusetts . Prior to starting Normandy and their involvement in professional sports , Wentworth was one of the founders of Gale and Wentworth . In addition to their business endeavors , they are a trustee of the Yogi Berra Museum and Learning Center . They have also served on the board of the Princeton National Regatta Association , an organization that supports the U.S. Olympic Rowing Team , and received the Jack Kelly Citizenship Award from the U.S. Rowing Association . An avid sportsman , they have climbed all 48 Continental U.S. State Highpoints .
Education
They are a 1980 graduate of Lehigh University in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , where they have served as a member of the Board of Trustees . Wentworth majored in marketing , was in the Delta Phi fraternity , the Social Chairman for the Interfraternity Council ( IFC ) and , on the rugby , cross-country , and track teams . Wentworth was a miler in track and a fullback for rugby .
Wentworth also attended Morristown-Beard School in Morristown , New Jersey and is a winner of the school 's Distinguished Alumni Award .
References
External links
New York Yankees , MLB team ,
Normandy Real Estate Partners
NJBIZ presents the 50 Wealthiest New Jerseyans
Living people
Lehigh University alumni
American chief operating officers
American chief executives of professional sports organizations
Morristown-Beard School alumni
1958 births
Pwllfanogl is a hamlet in the community of Llanfair Pwllgwyngyll , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 127.4 miles ( 205.1 km ) from Cardiff and 208.5 miles ( 335.5 km ) from London .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Mor Chrysostomos Markose is a Syriac Orthodox arch bishop . They are the Bishop of E.A.E . Archdiocese of the Syriac Orthodox church in India .
Early years
Jacob Markose was born to P. V , Jacob and Annakkutty of Pallathu House , Thattekkad , Angamali Diocese on 26 September 1966 . In 1995 , at the age of 29 , they were ordained deacon and Kassisho on 9 January 1997 by Mor Polycarpose Geevarghese Metropolitan .
In 1993 they took the initiative to organize Samajam Gospel Team and in 1994 they established Missionary training college and also became the secretary of the Mission society . In 1999 they were appointed as the Manager of the Samajam Publications and in 2000 they became the secretary of the E.A.E.In 2001 they were elected as the general secretary of the E.A.E and as the Manager of the St. Thomas Orphanage and the Santhome Public School at Perumbavoor .
They have master 's degree in Sociology and studied Theology and received a diploma in it .
References
Syriac Orthodox Church bishops
Indian Oriental Orthodox Christians
People from Ernakulam district
1966 births
Living people
Leon Bell Bell ( born 6 September 1996 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left-back or left midfielder for 1 . FC Magdeburg .
References
Living people
1996 births
Sportspeople from Hanau
German people of Cameroonian descent
European sportspeople of Cameroonian descent
German footballers
Footballers from Hesse
Association football fullbacks
Association football midfielders
1 . FC Kaiserslautern II players
FSV Frankfurt players
1 . FC Magdeburg players
3 . Liga players
Regionalliga players
Saint Drostan ( d. early 7th century ) , also Drustan , was the founder and abbot of the monastery of Old Deer in Aberdeenshire . Their relics were translated to the church at New Aberdour and their holy well lies nearby .
Biography
Drostan was a Scottish abbot who flourished about A.D. 600 . All that is known of them is found in the `` Breviarium Aberdonense '' and in the `` Book of Deer '' , a ninth-century manuscript , now in the Cambridge University Library , but these two accounts do not agree in every particular . They appear to have belonged to the royal family of the Scoti , their father 's name being Cosgrach . Showing signs of a religious vocation they were entrusted at an early age to the care of St. Columba , who trained them and gave them the monastic habit .
Drostan was one of the twelve companions who sailed from Ireland to Scotland around 563 with St Columba . These twelve became known as the 'Brethren of St Columba ' . They accompanied that saint when they visited Aberdour in Buchan , about 45 miles from Aberdeen .
According to the Celtic legend St. Columcille , their disciple Drostan , and others , went from Iona into Buchan and established an important missionary centre at Deer on the banks of the Ugie on lands given them by the mormaer or chief of the district whose son they had by their prayers freed of a dangerous illness .
The Pictish ruler of that country gave them the site of Deir , fourteen miles farther inland , where they established a monastery , and when St. Columba returned to Iona they left St. Drostan there as abbot of the new foundation which some sources say received royal support because of its proximity to the Pictish capital of Craig Phadrig , near Inverness . On the death of the Abbot of Dalquhongale ( Holywood ) some few years later , St. Drostan was chosen to succeed him . Afterwards , feeling called to a life of greater seclusion , they resigned their abbacy , went farther north , and became a hermit at Glenesk . Here their sanctity attracted the poor and needy , and many miracles are ascribed to him , including the restoration of sight to a priest named Symon .
St. Drostan is credited as being the founder of the Chapel of St . Tear near Ackergill in Wick parish on the east coast of Caithness . It has been speculated that the name Tear might be a variant of Deer .
When St. Drostan died at Glen Esk their remains were conveyed back to Aberdour where they were deposited in a 'tumba lapidea ' or stone coffin . Here their bones were said to work miraculous cures upon the sick and afflicted . The Breviary of Aberdeen celebrates their feast on 15 December . The monastery of Old Deer , which had fallen into decay , was rebuilt for Cistercian monks in 1213 and so continued until the Reformation .
See also
Picts
References
Sources
`` St. Drostan '' , The Oxford Dictionary of Saints ; ed . David Hugh Farmer ; Oxford : Oxford University Press , 1987 .
External links
St Drostan 's Church , New Aberdour
7th-century Christian saints
Medieval Scottish saints
Scottish hermits
7th-century Scottish people
Sasajila is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania . In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 7,836 people in the ward , from 7,141 in 2012 .
References
Wards of Singida Region
United Nations Security Council resolution 1433 , adopted unanimously on 15 August 2002 , after recalling 696 ( 1991 ) and subsequent resolutions on the situation in Angola , particularly 1268 ( 1999 ) , the Council authorised the establishment of the United Nations Mission in Angola ( UNMA ) as a follow-on mission to the United Nations Office in Angola ( UNOA ) . Resolution 1433 was adopted on the same day the Council extended the suspension of travel restrictions against UNITA officials in Resolution 1432 ( 2002 ) .
Resolution
Observations
The Security Council reaffirmed the need for the full implementation of the Lusaka Protocol and other agreements , and supported adjustments to the mandate of UNOA . It viewed the United Nations presence in Angola as necessary to contribute to the consolidation of peace through the promotion of political , military ,
human rights , humanitarian and economic goals .
Acts
UNMA was established for an initial period of six months until 15 February 2003 and would be headed by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General . Its mandate would include provisions for assisting the parties to conclude the Lusaka Protocol , and to assist the Angolan government by :
( a ) the protection and promotion of human rights , consolidation of peace and enhancement of the rule of law ;
( b ) providing assistance in demining activities ;
( c ) co-ordinating assistance to vulnerable groups ;
( d ) reintegration of demobilised soldiers ;
( e ) promotion of economic recovery ;
( f ) mobilise resources from the international community ;
( g ) providing electoral assistance to the Angolan government .
A child protection adviser was also approved . Finally , the Secretary-General Kofi Annan was requested to submit an interim report within 3 months on the work of UNMA .
See also
Angolan Civil War
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1401 to 1500 ( 2002–2003 )
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
1433
2002 in Angola
1433
August 2002 events
was a Japanese civil servant . They survived the sinking of the Titanic on 15 April 1912 but found themselves condemned and ostracized by the Japanese public , press , and government because of a misconception that they decided to save themselves rather than go down with the ship . Hosono 's grandson is Haruomi Hosono , leading member of the Japanese band Yellow Magic Orchestra .
Early life and career
Masabumi Hosono was born on 15 October 1870 , in the village of Hokura , now part of the city of Jōetsu , in Niigata Prefecture . In 1896 , they graduated from the Tokyo Higher Commercial School ( now Hitotsubashi University ) and joined the Mitsubishi Joint Stock Company . In 1897 , they left the company to work as a cargo clerk at the Shiodome Freight Terminal in Tokyo . In 1906 , they completed a Russian language course at the Tokyo Language School ( now the Tokyo University of Foreign Studies ) , and became a manager in the Accounting and Investigating Division of the Imperial Railroad Office the following year . In 1908 , they became a railroad director .
In 1910 , Hosono , working for the Ministry of Transport , was sent to Russia to research the Russian state railway system . Their journey back to Japan took them first to London , where they stayed for a short time , then to Southampton where they boarded Titanic on 10 April 1912 as a second class passenger .
Voyage
During the night of 14/15 April they were awakened by a flight attendant . However , they were blocked from going to Titanics boat deck , from which lifeboats were already being launched , as a crewman assumed that they were a third class passenger . They eventually made their way past the obstruction and made their way to the boat deck , where they saw with alarm that emergency flares were being fired : `` All the while flares signalling emergency were being shot into the air ceaselessly , and hideous blue flashes and noises were simply terrifying . Somehow I could in no way dispel the feeling of utter dread and desolation . ''
Hosono saw four lifeboats being launched and contemplated the prospect of an imminent death . They were `` deep in desolate thought that I would no more be able to see my beloved wife and children , since there was no alternative for me than to share the same destiny as the Titanic '' . As the number of lifeboats remaining diminished rapidly , `` I tried to prepare myself for the last moment with no agitation , making up my mind not to leave anything disgraceful as a Japanese subject . But still I found myself looking for and waiting for any possible chance for survival . ''
At about 8 am on 15 April , the lifeboat 's passengers were rescued by the RMS Carpathia . Once aboard , Hosono slept in the smoking room but avoided it when they could as they were the target of jokes by the seamen , whom they called `` a good-for-nothing band of seamen '' for whom `` anything I say falls on deaf ears . '' They pushed back , showing them `` a bulldog tenacity '' and eventually gained what they called `` a bit of respect . '' They still had in their coat pockets a sheaf of stationery with Titanics letterhead on which they had started writing a letter to their wife in English . During Carpathias voyage to New York , they used the paper to write an account in Japanese of their experiences . It is the only such document known to exist on Titanic stationery .
Return to Japan
Hosono 's story attracted little attention at first . They went to the offices of Mitsui in New York to ask friends for help to get them home . From there they travelled to San Francisco to find a ship back to Japan . A local newspaper heard of their story and dubbed them the `` Lucky Japanese Boy '' . Back in Tokyo , they were interviewed by a number of magazines and newspapers including the daily Yomiuri Shimbun , which ran a photograph of them with their family .
According to a 1997 article released around the time of the blockbuster film Titanic , Hosono soon found themselves the target of public condemnation . They were publicly condemned in the United States . They were described as a `` stowaway '' aboard lifeboat 10 by Archibald Gracie , who wrote a best-selling account of the disaster , while the seaman in charge of the boat , Able Seaman Edward Buley , told a US Senate inquiry that Hosono and the other man had disguised themselves as women in order to sneak aboard . This false accusation was not reported in Japan .
They lost their job and was condemned as a coward by the Japanese press . The 1997 article claimed that school textbooks described them as an example of how to be dishonourable and they were denounced as immoral by a professor of ethics . A 2007 reinvestigation by Andō Kenji , published in Shinchō 45 , was unable to find any such textbooks . In any case , they were soon reemployed by the Ministry , as they were too valuable to lose , and continued to work there until their death in 1939 .
Western academics who read the 1997 article put forth various explanations why Hosono encountered such a hostile reaction . It has been said that they were seen to have `` betray [ ed ] the Samurai spirit of self-sacrifice '' . Another suggestion , from Jon P. Alston and Isao Takei , is that they were seen as having failed to show the expected conformity and was believed to have selfishly pushed aside other passengers to board the lifeboat . As a result , they were subjected to mura hachibu or ostracism . Margaret D. Mehl attributes their ostracism to the perception that they had embarrassed Japan ; the `` women and children first '' protocol was not part of the Samurai code , but had instead come to Japan via the 1859 book Self Help by Samuel Smiles , which was a huge success in translation and proved enormously influential in introducing Western values to Japan . Mehl comments : `` Hosono 's failure to act as the Anglo-Saxon nations evidently expected their men to act caused embarrassment in Japan , but more because of the Japanese 's acceptance of Western values than because of their own traditions . '' According to reports such as `` Weekly Bunharu '' ( December 18 , 1997 issue ) , in the book `` The Loss of the SS . Titanic '' published in 1912 by Englishman Lawrence Beesley , one of the survivors of the Titanic . Hosono was exposed to criticism from newspapers and textbooks at that time as the testimony that `` there was an unpleasant Japanese who got on a lifeboat ( Boat No . 13 ) by pushing others away '' became widespread in Japan . In fact , they helped women and children get on to lifeboats . However , in 1997 , Matt Taylor , now president and chief executive officer of the Titanic Exhibition Japan , a Titanic exhibition organizer , found that Beasley and Hosono got on another lifeboat based on a survey against Hosono 's memoirs and records of other passengers . According to the investigation , the records state that only Armenian men and women were on the lifeboat ( Boat No . 10 ) that Hosono boarded , but at the time of the accident , Hosono was bearded . On the other hand , there was a Chinese man on Boat No . 13 , and Beasley mistook them to be Hosono . Taylor said that Hosono 's memoir was so shocking that their body trembled when they read it , and that `` there is no other record that accurately describes the psychological state of passengers at the time of the accident . ''
Kenji Andō 's article concluded that there was nothing unusual about Hosono 's treatment , which was sensationalized to fit a 1997 article accompanying the release of a Hollywood film , and it was actually no different from that of Western male survivors such as J. Bruce Ismay .
After their death
Hosono died peacefully in their sleep on 14 March 1939 at the age of 68 . Long after their death , Hosono 's story remained a source of shame for their family for decades . They never spoke of it himself , though their letter to their wife was published at least twice , soon after their death and later , in 1980 , when an unsuccessful bid was mounted to find the wreck of Titanic . In the late 1990s , the Hosono family released the letter to the media in the wake of James Cameron 's hugely successful 1997 film Titanic . Haruomi Hosono , Masabumi 's grandson and leading member of the band Yellow Magic Orchestra , declared that they were `` extremely relieved . Honour has been restored to the Hosonos . '' As Julian Stringer puts it , the letter `` enables Haruomi to build a 'bridge ' back to their grandfather 's emotional life , and so reverse years of social disgrace , through the symbolic properties encrusted in its patina . ''
References
Bibliography
1870 births
1939 deaths
Japanese civil servants
Hitotsubashi University alumni
RMS Titanic survivors
Voudouris is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Dimitri Voudouris ( born 1961 ) , Greek electronic musician and composer
Michael Voudouris ( born 1960 ) , American-born Greek skeleton racer
Roger Voudouris ( 1954–2003 ) , American singer-songwriter and guitarist
Greek-language surnames
Pope Pius X ( ) created 50 cardinals in seven consistories . Twenty of them were Italians . They created 17 cardinals at four consistories over four years from 1903 to 1907 and then , after several postponements and allowing the membership of the College of Cardinals to fall to 47 , created 19 cardinals in 1911 , announcing 18 and reserving the name of one , the largest number of cardinals at a single consistory in a century .
Those they made cardinals included Giacomo della Chiesa , who succeeded them as Pope Benedict XV in 1914 , Arcoverde , the first from Brazil and the first born in Latin America , and van Rossum , the first from the Netherlands in centuries . They created just one cardinal in pectore .
9 November 1903
Pope Pius created two cardinals at a secret consistory on 9 November 1903 , both Italians . They and three cardinals created at Pope Leo XIII 's last consistory the previous June received their red galeros and their titular church assignments at a public consistory on 12 November . Press accounts differ dramatically in their accounts of Pius ' first public consistory . According to The Tablet , Pius used the occasion to launch their campaign to eliminate applause from religious celebrations , Pius was not carried on the sedia gestatoria as was traditional . They arrived on foot wearing a cope and mitre at the end of the procession of prelates `` almost hidden behind the double line of Palatine Guards through which they passed '' . The New York Times , on the other hand , described the `` perfect storm of applause '' that greeted the pope `` borne high in the sedia gestatoria by eight scarlet-clad sediari , flanked by the great feather fans , giving a mediaeval tone to the scene '' .
Rafael Merry del Val ( 1865–1930 )
Giuseppe Callegari ( 1841–1906 )
11 December 1905
Pius created four cardinals on 11 December 1905 , one each from Brazil , Hungary , Italy , and Spain . Three belonged to the order of cardinal priests and one ( Cagiano de Acevedo ) to the order of cardinal deacons . Afterwards , Pius gave Arcoverde and Cagiano de Azevedo their cardinal 's rings . Customarily only new cardinals resident in Rome were on hand to participate in the public consistory following immediately upon the secret consistory where they were created cardinals . The presence of Arcoverde is an exception . They were the first Brazilian cardinal and the first cardinal born in Latin America .
József Samassa ( 1828–1912 )
Marcelo Spinola y Maestre ( 1835–1906 )
Joaquim Arcoverde de Albuquerque Cavalcanti ( 1850–1930 )
Ottavio Cagiano de Azevedo ( 1845–1927 )
15 April 1907
Pope Pius created seven cardinals , all cardinal priests , on 15 April 1907 . Three days later they gave the cardinal 's red galero and titular church assignments to Cavallari , Lorenzelli , Maffi , Lualdi , and Mercier . The other two , both living in Spain , waited for theirs until 19 December 1907 . This increased the number of cardinals to 62 , of whom 37 were Italian .
Aristide Cavallari ( 1849–1914 )
Gregorio Maria Aguirre y Garcia ( 1835–1913 )
Aristide Rinaldini ( 1844–1920 )
Benedetto Lorenzelli ( 1853–1915 )
Pietro Maffi ( 1858–1931 )
Alessandro Lualdi ( 1858–1927 )
Désiré-Joseph Mercier ( 1851–1926 )
16 December 1907
Pope Pius created four cardinals in 1907 , two Italian and two French ; three were cardinal priests and one ( de Lai ) a cardinal deacon . They received their titular assignments and red galeros at the public consistory three days later , where Pope Pius spoke at length about the persecution of the Church by the French government .
Pietro Gasparri ( 1852–1934 )
Louis Luçon ( 1842–1930 )
Pierre Andrieu ( 1849–1935 )
Gaetano de Lai ( 1853–1928 )
27 November 1911
Since 1907 , several consistories for the creation of cardinals were announced and postponed ; by late October 1911 the number of living cardinals had fallen to 47 . On the morning of 27 November 1911 at a secret consistory Pius created eighteen new cardinals plus an additional one created in pectore , that is , not identified . That afternoon at a public consistory they announced the names of 18 . Five were Italians and four French . Speculation about the one not identified centered on the Patriarch of Lisbon , António Mendes Belo , since the Portuguese Republic established in 1910 had adopted severely anticlerical policies and exiled Mendes Belo from Lisbon for violating its law on the separation of church and state . American representation in the College grew from one to three . Another , Diomede Falconio , was an Italian-born U.S. citizen who had spent most of their career in the United States and Canada . Van Rossum was the first cardinal from the Netherlands since Willem van Enckevoirt in 1523 .
Thirteen of the eighteen new cardinals attended another public consistory on 30 November , where Pius bestowed their cardinals ' hats and assigned them their titular churches and deaconries . They praised the public demonstrations that greeted their appointments in the United States and they again addressed the `` weight of persecution '' in France .
António Mendes Belo ( 1842–1929 ) , created cardinal in pectore , announced 25 May 1914
José Cos y Macho ( 1838–1919 )
Diomede Falconio ( 1842–1917 )
Antonio Vico ( 1847–1929 )
Gennaro Granito Pignatelli di Belmonte ( 1851–1948 )
John Murphy Farley ( 1842–1918 )
Francis Bourne ( 1861–1935 )
Franziskus von Sales Bauer ( 1841–1915 )
Léon-Adolphe Amette ( 1850–1920 )
William Henry O'Connell ( 1859–1944 )
Enrique Almaraz y Santos ( 1847–1922 )
François-Virgile Dubillard ( 1845–1914 )
Franz Xaver Nagl ( 1855–1913 )
François de Rovérié de Cabrières ( 1830–1921 )
Gaetano Bisleti ( 1856–1932 )
Giovanni Lugari ( 1846–1914 )
Basilio Pompili ( 1858–1931 )
Louis Billot ( 1846–1931 ) , resigned from the College in 1927
Willem Marinus van Rossum ( 1854–1932 )
2 December 1912
On 2 December 1912 , Pope Pius first bestowed cardinals ' regalia on several cardinals created at the previous consistory : Nagl , Cos y Macho , Vico , Bauer , Almarez y Santos . They then created one cardinal in a secret consistory and named a papal legate to inform them and deliver their cardinal 's insignia .
Károly Hornig ( 1840–1917 )
25 May 1914
On 26 April 1914 , Pope Pius announced they would create 13 new cardinals at a 25 May consistory . On that day they created nine of the order of cardinal priests and four cardinal deacons . They also told the consistory they had made Mendes Belo a cardinal in pectore in November 1911 . Three days later they gave red galeros and assigned churches and deaconries to ten of them . The others–Guisasola y Menéndez , Csernoch , Piff , and Mendes Belo–received their cardinals ' galeros and titular church assignments from their successor Pope Benedict XV on 8 September 1914 , a month after they were elected pope .
Victoriano Guisasola y Menéndez ( 1852–1920 )
Louis-Nazaire Bégin ( 1840–1925 )
Domenico Serafini ( 1852–1918 )
Giacomo della Chiesa ( 1854–1922 )
János Csernoch ( 1852–1927 )
Franziskus von Bettinger ( 1850–1917 )
Hector Sévin ( 1852–1916 )
Felix von Hartmann ( 1851–1919 )
Friedrich Gustav Piffl ( 1864–1932 )
Scipione Tecchi ( 1854–1915 )
Filippo Giustini ( 1852–1920 )
Michele Lega ( 1860–1935 )
Francis Aidan Gasquet ( 1846–1929 )
Notes
References
Additional sources
External links
Pius X
20th-century Catholicism
Pope Pius X
College of Cardinals
The Mokoreta River is a river in Southland , New Zealand . A tributary of the Mataura River , its source is between Mt Rosebery and Catlins Cone , close to the source of the Catlins River . It flows westward from the Catlins Ranges into the Southland Plains . Its total length is , and it flows into the Mataura River about south of the town of Wyndham .
Rivers of Southland , New Zealand
The Catlins
Rivers of New Zealand
Southland District
The Rural Community Vibrancy Index is a statistical measure designed by the British Government 's Countryside Agency ( 1999–2006 ) which is meant to measure the potential for , or reality of , community participation in rural settlements .
Assessment includes features such as pubs , village halls , public transport , childcare facilities and schools .
Towns and villages can score a maximum of 14 points on the index . A score of less than four points means that a community has poor community vibrancy , a score of five to eight points is `` positive '' and a score of nine or above means a community has `` extensive '' vibrancy .
The index was criticised in the 2007 documentary series The Trap .
External links
Countryside Agency 's summary of the index .
Index numbers
Community
Xue Juan ( ; born February 10 , 1986 ) is a Chinese javelin thrower .
They won the silver medal at the 2002 Asian Championships , the gold medal at the 2003 World Youth Championships and finished sixth at the 2006 Asian Games . They also competed at the 2004 Olympic Games and the 2005 World Championships without reaching the finals .
Them personal best throw is 62.93 metres , first achieved in October 2003 in Changsha . This is the current junior world record . The Chinese record is currently held by Li Lei with 63.69 metres .
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Chinese female javelin throwers
Olympic athletes of China
Asian Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2006 Asian Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
The national flag of Anguilla , a British overseas territory , consists of a Blue Ensign with the British flag in the canton , charged with the coat of arms of Anguilla in the fly . The coat of arms consists of three dolphins in a circular formation , which were featured on the earlier Anguillan flag , and which stand for friendship , wisdom and strength . The white in the background stands for peace , and the light blue represents the sea , as well as faith , youth , and hope .
The flag is Anguilla 's third flag other than as part of Saint Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla . The island 's first flag was a red flag featuring the name of the island in yellow and two mermaids inside a blue oval . Variants to this flag were also widely used , with some substituting red for purple and some not bearing the name of Anguilla . This flag was widely disliked and was replaced during Anguilla 's brief period of independence by the Dolphin Flag , which is still widely seen around the island . This flag was a banner of the arms found on the current Blue Ensign , and was white with a broad blue band across the base of the flag , above which were three stylised golden dolphins .
The Blue Ensign for Anguilla was adopted in 1990 . It is used on land ; it is also used at sea by vessels operated by the Government of Anguilla . Anguilla 's civil ensign - that is the ensign worn on civilian vessels registered in Anguilla - is the undifferenced Red Ensign , commonly used as a civil ensign throughout the British Empire . Anguilla has not yet adopted a distinctive version of the Red Ensign . Ashore , the dolphin flag is commonly used as an all-purpose civil flag , either in place of or in addition to the Blue Ensign . The Union Jack defaced with the Anguilla coat of arms is used by the Governor , which is the traditional design for Governors of the British overseas territories .
A modification of the flag was reported on January 25th , 1999 in the British Navy flag book as Change No . 5 1999 : The dimensions of the badge have been slightly altered and the coat of arms lost its golden border .
References
Government of Anguilla - About Anguilla - National Symbols - National Flags
Flag of Anguilla - A Brief History
External links
Flag
National flags
Blue Ensigns
Flags of British Overseas Territories
Flags introduced in 1990
Anguilla
Descendants of Louis XIII may refer to :
Descendants of Louis XIV
Descendants of Philippe I , Duke of Orléans
Babanrao Dattatray Lonikar ( born 1 March 1965 ) is an Indian politician from Maharashtra state & Member in 13th 2014 Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election . They were Minister of Water Supply and Sanitation in Government of Maharashtra . They represent Partur-Mantha Vidhan Sabha Constituency in Legislative Assembly of Maharashtra . They belong to Bhartiya Janata Party .
Political career
Cabinet minister
Positions held
They were also given responsibility of being guardian minister of Jalna district .
Within BJP
State Vice President , BJP ( 1994 )
Legislative
Member of Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in 2014
Member of Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in 2004-2009
References
Maharashtra MLAs 2004–2009
Maharashtra MLAs 2014–2019
Living people
1961 births
People from Jalna district
People from Marathwada
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Maharashtra
Marathi politicians
Nashtarud ( , also Romanized as Nashtārūd , Nashtā Rūd , Neshtā Rūd , and Nashtarood ) is a city and capital of Nashta District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 5,837 , in 1,710 families .
References
Populated places in Tonekabon County
Cities in Mazandaran Province
Debaies Cove is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Yongji may refer to :
Yongji , Shanxi ( ) , formerly Yongji County
Yongji County , Jilin ( )
Yongji , Leiyang ( ) , a town of Leiyang City , Hunan .
Yongji ( ) , ( 1755–1776 ) , 12th son of the Qianlong Emperor and eldest son of Empress Nara
The 1941–42 Palestine League was the ninth season of league football in the British Mandate for Palestine . The defending champions were Hapoel Tel Aviv .
The Palestine League was divided into three regional divisions ( Haifa , Jerusalem , Southern ) with playoffs at the end of the season , with the league winners and the Southern League runners-up qualifying for a championship playoff .
The Haifa League was cancelled on 5 March 1942 and a cup competition was played instead . Homenetmen Jerusalem won the Jerusalem League , and Maccabi Rishon LeZion won the Southern League . This meant that the two league winners , along with runner-up Maccabi Tel Aviv qualified to the championship playoff .
The championship playoff was won by Maccabi Tel Aviv .
Southern League
Jerusalem League
Homenetmen Jerusalem won the Jerusalem League . R.A.M.C . Jerusalem and Elitzur Jerusalem withdrew from the league .
Championship play-off
At the conclusion of the regional leagues a championship play-off was held , with the two league winners and Maccabi Tel Aviv , runner-up of the Southern League . The matches between Maccabi Tel Aviv and Maccabi Rishon LeZion were held first , with Maccabi Tel Aviv winning the matches 2–0 and 5–0 . Next , Maccabi Rishon LeZion and Homenetmen Jerusalem drew their match 3–3 , but later Homenetmen chose to forfeit their matches against Maccabi Tel Aviv , after which Homenetmen were ejected from the play-offs and Maccabi Tel Aviv was declared winner .
Table
References
RSSSF
Previous seasons The Israel Football Association
Palestine League seasons
Palestine
1941–42 in Mandatory Palestine football
Lied or Lieder may refer to :
Lied , the German word for `` song '' , usually used for the setting of romantic German poems to music
Past tense and past participle of lie , a deliberate untruth
People
Finn Lied ( 1916–2014 ) , Norwegian military researcher and politician
Harald U. Lied ( 1927–2002 ) , Norwegian politician
Bernard Lieder ( 1923-2020 ) , American politician
Places
Lied Bluff , a rocky hill near Club Lake in the north-central part of Breidnes Peninsula in the Vestfold Hills of Antarctica
Lied Center for Performing Arts , a performing arts facility in Lincoln , Nebraska , opened 1990
Lied Discovery Children 's Museum , in Las Vegas
Lied Glacier , a glacier close north of Cape Arkona on the southwest side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean
Lied Jungle , a large rainforest exhibit in the Henry Doorly Zoo and Aquarium in Omaha , Nebraska
Lied Library , in the University of Nevada , Las Vegas campus in Paradise , Nevada
Music
Lieder , album by Adel Tawil
See also
Lie ( disambiguation )
Lying ( disambiguation )
The 11th Gaon Chart Music Awards ceremony was held at Jamsil Arena in Seoul on January 27 , 2022 , to recognise the best artists and recordings , primarily based on Gaon Music Chart of the year from December 1 , 2020 , to November 30 , 2021 . The ceremony was hosted by Doyoung , Sieun , and Jaejae .
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and emphasized in bold .
Nominees
Main awards
Other awards
Presenters
The list of presenters was announced on January 19 , 2022 .
Performers
The lineup was announced on January 11 , 2022 .
Notes
References
Gaon
Gaon
Camp Harry J. Jones was an encampment of the United States Army . Located near Douglas , Arizona , it was active during the Pancho Villa Expedition and World War I .
History
The United States Army established a camp near Douglas , Arizona in 1910 , one of a number of camps established along the border with Mexico to provide border security during the conflicts that were part of the Mexican Revolution . The site was renamed Camp Jones in 1916 , in honor of a soldier who had been accidentally shot and killed by a stray bullet while on guard duty during the Second Battle of Agua Prieta , which took place between revolutionaries and Mexican government forces across the border from Douglas .
Camp Jones was an important facility during the 1916–17 Expedition against Pancho Villa , which was commanded by John J. Pershing , with several cavalry units stationed there to provide security against incursions by Villa 's forces . The camp also served as the mobilization site for the Arizona National Guard when it was called up to take part in the Villa Expedition .
During the Villa expedition , units based at Camp Jones made extensive use of automobiles and trucks , and also employed aircraft for observation and scouting . This use of motorized vehicles was the Army 's first major effort to employ mechanized forces , and foreshadowed its transition away from horses and mules .
World War I
Camp Jones remained an important location during World War I , and was the headquarters of the Army 's Arizona District . Soldiers stationed there continued to patrol the U.S. border with Mexico to deter possible attacks by German soldiers or infiltration by German spies .
Closure
Camp Jones was closed in January 1933 . Several southwestern border posts were proposed for closure as a cost savings measure during the Great Depression . Local leaders in Douglas and state leaders in Arizona attempted to prevent the closure , but were unsuccessful . Many of the troops then stationed at Camp Jones were transferred to nearby Fort Huachuca . Soldiers of the 10th Cavalry Regiment salvaged buildings and other equipment , much of which was sold or moved to Fort Huachuca . There are no existing traces of Camp Jones , and the location of the camp is now a residential area within the Douglas city limits .
Location
The camp entrance was described in a contemporary account as being at the east end of 10th Street in Douglas . An existing map shows the camp as bounded on the west by North Washington Avenue , on the north by East 13th Street , and on the south by 1st Street . This area corresponds roughly to the area between Calvary Cemetery in Douglas and the Douglas Municipal Airport .
Association with prominent individuals
DeRosey Caroll Cabell , commander of the Arizona District during World War I
James M. Gavin , assigned to the 25th Infantry Regiment at Camp Jones from 1929 to 1932
William H. Hay , commander of the 1st Cavalry Brigade at Camp Jones from 1922 to 1924
Charles S. Kilburn , served as a second lieutenant at Camp Jones during the beginning of their career
Edward McGlachlin Jr. , commander of the Arizona District during World War I
Troy H. Middleton , served with the 7th Infantry Regiment during the Second Battle of Agua Prieta
George H. Morgan , Medal of Honor recipient , commanded Camp Jones and the Douglas sub-district of the Arizona District during World War I
Lucian Truscott , stationed at Camp Jones as a member of the 17th Cavalry Regiment during World War I
Leroy H. Watson , stationed at Camp Jones with the 22nd Infantry during the Pancho Villa Expedition
John E. Woodward , stationed at Camp Jones as adjutant of the Arizona District from 1916 to 1917
References
Sources
Newspapers
Books
Magazines
Internet
Closed installations of the United States Army
Military history of Arizona
Forts in Arizona
History of Arizona
Arizona Territory
1910 establishments in the United States
1933 disestablishments
The Providence/Stoughton Line is an MBTA Commuter Rail service in Massachusetts and Rhode Island , primarily serving the southwestern suburbs of Boston . Most service runs entirely on the Northeast Corridor between South Station in Boston and Providence station or Wickford Junction station in Rhode Island , while the Stoughton Branch splits at and terminates at . It is the longest MBTA Commuter Rail line , and the only one that operates outside Massachusetts . The line is the busiest on the MBTA Commuter Rail system , with 25,728 daily boardings by a 2018 count .
The portion between Boston and Providence was originally built by the Boston and Providence Railroad between 1834 and 1847 . The portion south of Providence was built by the New York , Providence and Boston Railroad in 1837 , while the Stoughton Branch was built by the Stoughton Branch Railroad in 1845 . The lines were acquired by the New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad in the 1890s .
The MBTA began subsidizing service in the 1960s , and purchased the infrastructure and rolling stock from Penn Central in 1973 . Service was cut back to in 1981 , but rush-hour service returned as far as Providence in 1988 under an agreement with the state of Rhode Island . Off-peak service to Rhode Island resumed in 2000 . An extension south from Providence opened to in 2010 and to Wickford Junction in 2012 . All stations have been made accessible with high-level platforms . Newer stations like T.F . Green Airport , as well as stations shared with Amtrak , largely have full-length high level platforms ; older stations have mostly been retrofitted with `` mini-high '' platforms one car length long .
History
The Boston and Providence Railroad ( B & P ) opened between Boston and Sprague Mansion in 1834 , and on to Providence in 1835 . A new line between Providence and East Junction via Central Falls , shared with the Providence and Worcester Railroad south of Central Falls , opened in October 1847 . The B & P was leased by the Old Colony Railroad in 1888 ; the Old Colony was in turn leased by the New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad in 1893 .
At the peak of service around the turn of the century , weekday service included six Boston–Providence local round trips , seven round trips from Taunton and via , 62 Boston– round trips running every 15 minutes , 12 Boston–Dedham round trips via and 24 via , and 11 intercity round trips from beyond Providence . Connections to additional branch line trains were made at , Mansfield , and East Junction . Forest Hills service was soon decimated by the competing Washington Street Elevated ; branch line service declined in the 1920s and 1930s . Further reductions occurred after World War II ; cuts in July 1959 reduced Providence service from 12 to nine round trips , Dedham service to one round trip , and Stoughton service to two round trips .
MBTA era
On December 31 , 1968 , the recently formed Penn Central bought the failing New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad . The MBTA bought the section of the Providence–Boston line in Massachusetts , as well as many other lines including the Stoughton Branch , from Penn Central on January 27 , 1973 . On April 1 , 1976 Conrail took over Penn Central and the commuter rail equipment was sold to the MBTA . Conrail continued to operate the line under contract to the MBTA until 1977 , when the Boston and Maine Railroad became the sole contractor for all MBTA commuter rail service . Full subsidies by the MBTA for the Providence and Stoughton lines began on September 28 , 1976 , before which the Federal government helped . On March 31 , 1977 , the Greater Attleboro Taunton Regional Transit Authority and Rhode Island Department of Transportation began to subsidize service beyond the MBTA district , and Stoughton began to pay to keep its station open , that cost later going to the Brockton Area Transit Authority .
On November 3 , 1979 , the line was closed north of Readville for long-term reconstruction as part of the Southwest Corridor project . All trains began using what is now the Fairmount Line , and special shuttle trains connected South Station to Back Bay . The new line , rebuilt below grade with space for three tracks ( the old one had been above grade with room for four tracks ) , opened on October 5 , 1987 . The Orange Line shares the corridor between Back Bay and Forest Hills .
After Rhode Island cut back its subsidy , Sunday service was truncated to Attleboro in October 1977 , with off-peak and Saturday service following suit in April 1979 . On February 20 , 1981 , the MBTA stopped serving Rhode Island altogether after that state declined to renew its subsidy . On September 17 , 1986 , Massachusetts and Rhode Island reached an agreement to resume service . Rush-hour service to Rhode Island was restored on February 1 , 1988 . On June 20 , 1990 , a new stop opened in South Attleboro and most trains were extended to the station ; regular Sunday service returned in 1992 .
In 1990 , a northbound commuter train was involved in a collision with a northbound Night Owl train . The accident , which occurred to the west of Back Bay station , injured over four hundred people , although there were no fatalities .
Some off-peak weekday trains were extended to Providence starting on December 11 , 2000 . On July 24 , 2006 , the MBTA increased weekday Providence service from 11 to 15 daily round trips . Weekend service to Providence resumed on July 29 , and a new layover facility was opened in Pawtucket .
Extensions
As part of the South County Commuter Rail initiative , a 20-mile extension past Providence to and in Rhode Island is now fully open . The T. F. Green Airport part of the extension opened in December 2010 , with Wickford Junction service beginning in April 2012 .
A further 24-mile extension is under consideration by the Rhode Island Department of Transportation . Possible stops include Cranston and East Greenwich , plus existing Amtrak stations in Kingston and Westerly and a possible revival of the Pawtucket/Central Falls station . Rhode Island eventually plans to have its own statewide commuter service along the Northeast Corridor that would connect with MBTA service and an extension of Shore Line East . This would be the first commuter service to Westerly since the last state-sponsored train was run in December 1979 . A passing siding and new platforms at Kingston , completed in 2017 , may enable extension of some trains there in the near term .
Amtrak electrified the Providence Line in 2000 , but the MBTA has not utilized this . In 2019 , the MBTA had preliminary discussions with Amtrak about leasing Siemens ACS-64 electric locomotives to test on the Providence Line . A section of non-electrified platform sidings at Attleboro , not included in the initial Amtrak electrification , is being electrified in mid-2022 to support future electric MBTA operations . In June 2022 , the MBTA indicated plans to pilot electric service on the line using Amtrak locomotives around 2024 . Full electric service ( including the Stoughton Branch ) using battery electric multiple units would take place in 2028–29 .
Special event service
In August 1971 , the MBTA began operating Boston– and Providence–Foxboro service for events at the new Foxboro Stadium . Providence service ended early in the 1973 season due to insufficient ridership ; Boston service ended that October . Boston service via the Franklin Line resumed in 1986 . It was rerouted over the Providence/Stoughton Line in 1989 , with intermediate stops at Back Bay , Hyde Park , Route 128 , Canton Junction , Sharon , and Mansfield ; a reverse move was made at Mansfield to access the Framingham Secondary . Boston–Foxboro service was again rerouted over the Franklin Line in 1995 . Providence–Foxboro event service resumed for the 1997 season , with intermediate stops at South Attleboro , Attleboro , and Mansfield . Event service was extended to T.F . Green Airport in 2012 , but cut back to Providence in 2019 .
COVID-19 pandemic
Substantially reduced schedules were in effect from March 16 to June 23 , 2020 . Service changes effective November 2 , 2020 , shifted some peak service to off-peak , providing 60-minute all-day headways between Providence and Boston . Reduced schedules were again put in effect on December 14 , 2020 . As part of a schedule change on January 23 , 2021 , Sunday morning Boston–Providence service began operation for the first time since the New Haven era . On February 26 , 2021 , South Attleboro station was temporarily closed due to structural deterioration . Full service was restored on April 5 , 2021 . As part of that schedule change , all Providence/Stoughton Line trains began stopping at Ruggles station after an additional platform there was completed . Additionally , the final Providence-bound train on weekdays began stopping at Forest Hills station to provide a transfer to a shuttle train to Needham . During the closure of the Orange Line from August 19 to September 18 , 2022 , additional Providence/Stoughton Line trains stopped at Forest Hills . One of these trains – a midday Providence outbound – continued to stop after September 19 .
Service
, weekday service has 20 Boston–Providence round trips , half of which run to Wickford Junction , and 16 Boston–Stoughton round trips . Weekend service has nine Boston–Providence round trips , with no Wickford Junction or Stoughton service .
The main branch forms the far northern leg of Amtrak 's Northeast Corridor . All Acela Express trains and all Northeast Regional routes between Boston and New York City run along this line . South Station , Back Bay , Route 128 and Providence have long ranked among the busiest Amtrak stations in the country . With fast and frequent MBTA and Amtrak service , the Providence-Boston share of the Northeast Corridor is one of the busiest rail lines in the country .
Ownership and financing
The MBTA owns the section from Boston to the Rhode Island border ( called the Attleboro Line ) , while Amtrak owns all track in Rhode Island . The entire line is part of the Northeast Corridor .
As part of the 1988 Pilgrim Partnership Agreement , Rhode Island provides capital funding ( including some of its federal formula funds ) for MBTA expansion in the state . Massachusetts ( through the MBTA ) provides the operating subsidy for MBTA Commuter Rail service in return . Rhode Island also pays Amtrak to allow the MBTA to use its tracks .
Station listing
Stoughton Branch
References
External links
MBTA - Providence/Stoughton Line schedule
MBTA Commuter Rail
Feel Train was a technology cooperative co-founded by Courtney Stanton and Darius Kazemi and based in Portland , Oregon . It closed at the end of 2019 .
Structure
Feel Train was a worker-owned cooperative . Stanton and Kazemi were its first two worker-owners , and the organization was chartered to allow a maximum of eight employees , each with equal salary , equal share in the company and equal firing power over others , including the founders .
Projects
Feel Train projects included the Stay Woke Bot , a Twitter bot developed in collaboration with activists DeRay Mckesson and Samuel Sinyangwe , and Shortcut , an app developed with radio program This American Life to facilitate sharing audio clips across social media , similar to the way gifs allow video clips to be shared . Feel Train is also developing a Twitter bot based on the Obama Social Media Archive called Relive 44 , which beginning in May 2017 will repost , eight years later , every tweet from President Barack Obama ( whose first tweet came in May 2009 . )
References
External links
Feel Train website
Information technology companies of the United States
Organizations based in Portland , Oregon
Holmes Bluff ( ) is a bluff marking the northern end of the Demas Range on the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica . The feature was observed from aircraft of the U.S. Antarctic Service , 1939–41 , but was first mapped in detail by the United States Geological Survey , 1959–65 . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Thomas J. Holmes , a United States Antarctic Research Program meteorologist at Byrd Station in 1961 .
References
Cliffs of Marie Byrd Land
Daniel or Dan Williams may refer to :
Sports
Daniel Williams ( cricketer ) ( born 1981 ) , English cricketer
Daniel Williams ( judoka ) ( born 1989 ) , British judoka
Daniel Williams ( footballer , born 2001 ) , Welsh footballer
Dan Williams ( defensive end ) ( born 1969 ) , American football defensive end
Dan Williams ( defensive tackle ) ( born 1987 ) , American football defensive tackle
Dan Williams ( rugby union ) ( born 1989 ) , English rugby union player
Politicians
Daniel Williams ( governor-general ) ( born 1935 ) , Governor-General of Grenada
Dan Williams ( Alabama politician ) ( 1942–2015 ) , served in the Alabama House of Representatives
Dan K. Williams ( born 1956 ) , serving in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Dan Williams ( Canadian politician )
Musicians
Daniel Williams ( born 1985 ) , American drummer for the band The Devil Wears Prada
Daniel Lewis Williams , American operatic basso profundo
Other
Daniel Williams ( historian ) ( 1932–2010 ) , American archivist and historian
Daniel Williams ( theologian ) ( 1643–1716 ) , Welsh theologian
Daniel Hale Williams ( 1858–1931 ) , American surgeon
Daniel Day Williams ( 1910–1973 ) , American theologian , professor , and author
Daniel Barclay Williams , American educator
See also
Danny Williams ( disambiguation )
Guatemala first participated at the Olympic Games in 1952 , but then missed the next three Olympiads . Guatemala has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since 1968 . The nation has participated in the Winter Olympic Games once , in 1988 .
Guatemala won its first Olympic medal sixty years after its first Olympic appearance , during the 2012 Summer Olympics , when Érick Barrondo took second place in the men 's 20 km walk . This makes Guatemala notable as one of the few countries with more Nobel laureates than Olympic medalists .
The National Olympic Committee for Guatemala was created in 1947 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee that same year .
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
Medals by Winter Games
Medals by sport
List of medalists
See also
: Category : Olympic competitors for Guatemala
List of flag bearers for Guatemala at the Olympics
Tropical nations at the Winter Olympics
Guatemala at the Paralympics
References
External links
Rumbleverse is a free-to-play brawler battle royale video game developed by Iron Galaxy and published by Epic Games Publishing . The game was released for Windows via Epic Games Store , PlayStation 4 , PlayStation 5 , Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S on August 11 , 2022 .
Gameplay
Rumbleverse is a battle royale game played from a third-person perspective . 40 players will be dropped into Grapital City and they must fight against each other with the goal of being the last survivor . Unlike similar games in the market , Rumbleverse focuses on melee combat , and players have no access to any gun or firearm . Players have several base attacks , including punches , kicks , and elbow drops . Basic attacks can be blocked , while stronger attacks are unblockable and must be dodged instead .
At the beginning of a match , players must explore the city and collect magazines hidden inside boxes that can teach players special moves and takedowns , as well as potions that increase the player 's stats such as health , stamina and strength . Only a maximum of 10 potions can be used in a match . Melee weapons , such as baseball bats and chairs , can be picked up and used as weapons against other opponents . Every building in the game is climbable , allowing players to quickly navigate the city or reach strategic positions . Similar to other battle royale games , players must stay within a shrinking circle . When the player is outside the circle , a timer will begin counting down from 10 . Players will be disqualified once the timer reaches zero . Iron Galaxy estimated that each match will last around 12-15 minutes .
Rumbleverse utilizes a battle pass model . As players complete matches and progress in the game , they will earn Fan Mail , an in-game currency which can be used to purchase cosmetic items and outfits for their player avatar . Individual pieces of clothing can also be earned with Fan Mail . Players can also purchase Brawlla Bills , another type of currency which can be purchased through microtransactions .
Development
The game was developed by Iron Galaxy . The studio , when developing Rumbleverse , drew from their experience working on live service games , as they were involved in porting Fortnite and The Elder Scrolls Online to consoles . The idea of developing a pro wrestling game first originated from Iron Galaxy 's co-CEO Chelsea Blasko in October 2017 . The idea led to the creation of the timer , which was considered to be `` a convenient homage to the wrestling world '' by the team . Traversal was considered to be an important gameplay pillar . Adam Boyes , the CEO of the studio , described it as `` a very important , almost main character '' for Rumbleverse , and added that players who are familiar with speedrunning and platform games such as Crash Bandicoot and Mario win a match most frequently as they understand how to navigate the map efficiently . The team believed that the lack of firearms in the game will compel players to change the tactics they usually use in other battle royale games , resulting in a different gameplay experience .
Rumbleverse was first announced at The Game Awards 2020 by Iron Galaxy and Epic Games Publishing . Initially set to be released on February 15 , 2022 , the game was delayed so that the development team can add more content . Rumbleverse was released for PC via the Epic Games Store , PlayStation 4 , PlayStation 5 , Xbox One and Xbox Series X and Series S on August 11 , 2022 . Several online playtesting sessions were held . The game will feature cross-platform play at launch .
References
External links
2022 video games
Free-to-play video games
Epic Games games
Battle royale games
Video games containing battle passes
Video games with cross-platform play
Windows games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation 5 games
Xbox One games
Xbox Series X and Series S games
Video games developed in the United States
Beat 'em ups
Multiplayer online games
Iron Galaxy games
Laurentine may refer to :
A person from Laurentum , a Roman town of ancient Latium
Laurentine Hamilton ( 1826–1882 ) , Presbyterian minister
Laurentine idia or Idia laurentii , a moth in the family Erebidae
See also
Laurentia
Ceracanthia vepreculella is a species of snout moth . It was described by Émile Louis Ragonot in 1893 and is known from Ecuador .
References
Moths described in 1893
Phycitinae
The cariñosa ( , meaning loving or affectionate ) is a Philippine dance of colonial-era origin from the Maria Clara suite of Philippine folk dances , where the fan or handkerchief plays an instrumental role as it places the couple in a romance scenario .
History
The cariñosa originated in Panay Island and was introduced by the Spaniards during their colonization of the Philippines . It is related to some of the Spanish dances like the bolero and the Mexican dance jarabe tapatio or the Mexican hat dance .
Bicolano cariñosa
According to the book of Francisca Reyes-Aquino , Philippine Folk Dances , Volume 2 , there is a different version of the cariñosa in the region of Bicol . Reyes-Aquino is a Filipino folk dancer and cultural researcher who discovered and documented Philippine Traditional dances such as the Cariñosa . In the Bicol Region cariñosa , hide and seek movement in different ways . In the original version , the dancers used the fan and handkerchief as the way to do the hide and seek movement , in Bicol they used two handkerchiefs holding the two corners of the handkerchief and doing the hide and seek movement as they point their foot forward and their hands go upward together with their handkerchiefs following the movement . It is a complicated step however it is still used in the Bicol Region during festivals and social gatherings .
Costume
Originally , the cariñosa was danced with María Clara gown and Barong Tagalog for it is a Spanish dance . In addition , Filipino wore the patadyong kimona and camisa de chino to reveal nationalism . ( a native dress of the Tagalog regions ) , camisa ( a white sleeve ) or patadyong kimona ( a dress of the Visayan people ) and for boys , a barong Tagalog and colored pants .
Status as a Philippine national dance
Neither the cariñosa nor the tinikling is considered to be an official national dance of the Philippines , as no law has designated them as such . In 2014 , House Representative Rene Relampagos introduced a bill in the House of Representatives to grant the cariñosa such a status , which did not become law .
References
National symbols of the Philippines
Dances of the Philippines
The Living Dead : Three Films About the Power of the Past is the second major BBC television documentary series by British filmmaker Adam Curtis . It was originally broadcast on BBC Two in 1995 . In the series , Curtis examines the different ways that history and memory ( both national and individual ) have been used and manipulated by politicians and others .
Summary of episodes
Part 1 . `` On the Desperate Edge of Now ''
This episode , broadcast on 30 May 1995 , examines how the various national ideals and memories of the Second World War were effectively buried , rewritten and manipulated in the Cold War era , only to violently resurface later with events such as the protests of 1968 , the emergence of the Red Army Faction , and the turmoil of the Yugoslav Wars .
For Germany , this process began at the Nuremberg Trials , where the use of the film The Nazi Plan was intended to reveal the criminality of the Nazi state , and attempts were made to prevent defendants—principally Hermann Göring—from providing any rational or contextualized argument for their actions during the war . Subsequently , however , bringing lower-ranking Nazis to justice was all but forgotten in the interests of maintaining West Germany as an important new ally in the Cold War . For the Allies , faced with a new enemy in the Soviet Union , there was a need to portray World War II as a crusade of pure good against pure evil , even if this meant creating a mismatch by denying the memories of the individual soldiers who had actually done the fighting and knew it to have been far more ambiguous .
The title of this episode comes from a veteran 's description of the uncertainty of survival in combat . A number of American veterans related how , years later , they found themselves plagued with previously suppressed memories of the brutal things they had seen and done .
Contributors
Louis Simpson , Private in US Airborne Division 1943–45
Paul Fussell , infantryman in US Army 1944–45
Frau Witta and Frau Torman , housekeepers at Carinhall
Utz Ulrich , Curator , Nuremberg museum
Carlo Jahn , Gatekeeper of Congress Hall , Nuremberg
Herr Fruehwirt , member of the Hitler Youth 1933–41
Peter Uiberall , Goering 's interpreter at Nuremberg trials
Burton C. Andrus Jnr , son of Burton C. Andrus , Commandant of the Nuremberg Prison
Robert Wolfe , Head of Captured German Documents , US National Archives
Mary Burns , stenographer at Nuremberg trials
Horst Mahler , a leader of Red Army Faction
George Garand , interrogator at Nuremberg trials
Anna Cameron , stenographer at Nuremberg trials
Drexel Sprecher , US lawyer at Nuremberg trials
Dr John Lattimer , urologist for defendants at Nuremberg trials
Peter Block , Keeper of the Statues , Bellevue Palace
Andre Dufresne , infantryman in US Army 1943–45
Kitta Wagner , Nuremberg resident
Egon Hanfstaengel , son of Ernst Hanfstaengl , Hitler 's confidant
Herman Gremlitza , student movement , 1968
Christiane Ensslin , sister of Gudrun Ensslin , a founder of Red Army Faction
Alfred Kernd ' l , Chief Archaeologist to the City of Berlin
Part 2 . `` You Have Used Me as a Fish Long Enough ''
In this episode , broadcast on 6 June 1995 , the early history of the Central Intelligence Agency 's ( CIA ) use of brainwashing and mind control is examined . Its thesis is that a search for control over the past , via medical intervention , had to be abandoned , and that in modern times , control over the past is more effectively exercised by the manipulation of history . It concludes that despite successful attempts to remove memories of the past , doing so often left an emotional void that was hard to refill .
The angle pursued by Curtis is the way in which psychiatry historically pursued tabula rasa theories of the mind , initially to set people free from traumatic memories and then later as a potential instrument of societal control . The work of Ewen Cameron is surveyed , with particular reference to the early medical use of electroconvulsive therapy , Cold War theories of communist brainwashing , and the search for hypnoprogammed sleeper agents and assassins . After the intelligence agency failures over the Kennedy assassination and the failed assassination attempts against Fidel Castro , this work was later abandoned in favour of computerised memory and intelligence research , such as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , created in 1958 .
The title of this episode comes from a paranoid schizophrenic seen in archive film in the programme , who believed that their neighbours were using them as a source of amusement by denying them any privacy—like a goldfish in a bowl . Some footage from this episode , an interview with one of Cameron 's victims , was later reused by Curtis in The Century of the Self .
Contributors
Joy Shannon , Administrator , Montreal Neurological Institute
Dr Herb Jasper , assistant to Wilder Penfield
Dr Heinz Lehmann , psychiatrist and colleague of Dr Cameron
Dr Peter Roper , psychiatrist at Allan Memorial Institute
Thomas Polgar , CIA Assistant Chief of Station in Berlin 1949–55
Dr John Gittinger , CIA Chief Psychologist 1950–74
Milton Kline , psychologist and adviser to CIA
Laughlin Taylor , assistant to Dr Cameron 1958–60
Linda MacDonald , former patient of Dr Cameron
Jerome Bruner , cognitive psychologist , 1950s
John Marks , former assistant to CIA Director of Intelligence and Research
Victor Marchetti , CIA officer 1955–69
Gray Lynch , CIA officer , 1960s
William Alexander , Assistant District Attorney , Dallas 1963
Yuri Nosenko , KGB defector
Colonel Yuri Modin , KGB officer 1947–80
Ulric Neisser , cognitive psychologist , 1960s
Robert Cooper , Director of ARPA 1981–85
Marvin Minsky , artificial intelligence scientist , MIT
Gary Chapman , historian of artificial intelligence
Robert Simpson , Projects Officer at ARPA 1985–90
Marco Lloyd , platoon commander in the Gulf War
Part 3 . `` The Attic ''
In this episode , broadcast on 13 June 1995 , the national aspirations of Margaret Thatcher are examined , particularly the way in which they used public sentiment in an attempt to capture the national spirit embodied in the famous speeches and writings of the wartime prime minister , Winston Churchill . Curtis argues that by harking back , or summoning the spirit of Britain 's `` glorious past '' , to fulfil short-term political or national ends , the process backfired in the long-run , trapping the invoker in the societal maladies of the present day .
The example provided is the wartime levels of patriotism invoked in the Falklands War crisis , in which Thatcher 's rugged determination matched national sentiment , only to dissipate a few years later with events such as the poll tax riots , which contributed to their resignation .
The title is a reference to the attic flat at the top of 10 Downing Street created during Thatcher 's refurbishment of the house which did away with the prime minister 's old living quarters on the lower floors , replacing them with 18th-century boardrooms . Scenes from Thatcher 's premiership are intercut with scenes from the psychological horror film The Innocents ( 1961 ) , a film adaptation of Henry James 's novella The Turn of the Screw .
Contributors
Colonel Peter Storey-Pugh , prisoner in Colditz 1940–45
Sir Stephen Hastings M.C. , Conservative MP 1960–63
Sir Carol Mather M.C. , Conservative MP 1970–87
Colonel Robert Butler
Airey Neave MP ( speaking in 1978 )
Sir Ronald Millar , speech-writer for Mrs Thatcher 1975–90
Patrick Cosgrave , adviser to Mrs Thatcher 1975–79
Sir Tim Bell , M.D . Saatchi & Saatchi 1970-85
Rt Hon . Tony Benn MP
Sir Robert Rhodes-James , Conservative MP 1976–92
Rt Hon . Alan Clark , Conservative MP 1974–92
Terry Robson , Irish Republican Socialist Party Central Committee 1974–84
PC Claude Morrel , House of Commons Constabulary
Ruairí Ó Brádaigh , President of Sinn Féin 1970–83
Mary Reid , member of Irish Republican Socialist Party 1977–79
Margaret Rule , Archaeological Director , the Mary Rose Project 1982
Howard Giles , Special Events Coordinator , English Heritage
Bob Ogley , Editor , Sevenoaks Chronicle
Peter Spencer , Chief Economist , Kleinwort Benson 1987
Lord Boothby , Conservative MP 1924–58 ( archive )
References
External links
1995 British television series debuts
1995 British television series endings
1990s British documentary television series
1990s British television miniseries
BBC television documentaries
British documentary television series
English-language television shows
Hanoimilk JSC ( HASTC : HNM ) is a food company in Vietnam , producing mainly milk and dairy products , as well as working in animal husbandry and agriculture . It is located in Vĩnh Phúc in the Red River Delta in north Vietnam , and is listed on the Hanoi Securities Trading Center .
See also
Dairy cattle
Dairy farming
Milk
References
External links
Hanoimilk official site
Google finance , Hanoimilk JSC
Food and drink companies of Vietnam
Companies listed on the Hanoi Stock Exchange
Tamarine Tanasugarn and Sonchat Ratiwatana are the defending champions of the Mixed Doubles competition of the 2011 Southeast Asian Games . Tanasugarn decided not to participate . Ratiwatana partnered with Varatchaya Wongteanchai but the pair lost in the quarterfinals to Denise Dy and Treat Conrad Huey . Dy and Huey eventually won the title by beating Jessy Rompies and Christopher Rungkat 4–6 , 6–3 , [ 10–6 ] in the final .
Medalists
Draw
Seeds
All seeds received bye to the quarterfinals .
Varatchaya Wongteanchai / Sonchat Ratiwatana ( quarterfinals )
Nungnadda Wannasuk / Sanchai Ratiwatana ( semifinals )
Jessy Rompies / Christopher Rungkat ( final )
Grace Sari Ysidora / Aditya Hari Sasongko ( semifinals )
Main draw
References
Draw
SEAG2011 Start/Result Lists - Tennis
Mixed Doubles
Thomas I. Barkin ( born 1961 ) is an American central banker , who became the eighth president and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond on January 1 , 2018 . They worked at global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company for 30 years in increasingly senior positions , including as global chief financial officer ( CFO ) and chief risk officer , with oversight of finance , legal and information technology functions , among others . They also served on the executive committee of the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce , Emory University Board of Trustees member , and former board member and chairperson of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta .
Education and early career
Barkin was born and raised in Tampa , Florida . They graduated from Harvard University in 1983 with a bachelor 's degree in Economics . In 1987 , they earned a JD and an MBA in the joint degree program offered by Harvard Law School and Harvard Business School .
Professional career
Barkin worked for global management consulting firm McKinsey for 30 years . From 2009 to 2015 , Barkin served as the firm 's chief financial officer .
Most recently , Barkin was a senior partner in McKinsey 's Atlanta office , where their primary client focus was helping financial institutions and travel and transportation companies . From 2015 to 2017 , they served as the McKinsey 's chief risk officer .
Outside boards and organizations
Barkin served on numerous boards for community groups and organizations . While in Atlanta , they served on the executive committee of the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce . They are a member of the Emory University Board of Trustees . They also are a member of the executive board of the United States Golf Association ( USGA ) , and in 2017 on the board 's Audit , Finance and Handicap Committees .
Barkin served on the board of directors for the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta from 2009 to 2014 , and was the board 's chairperson from 2013 to 2014 .
Personal life
Barkin and their wife , Robyn Rieser Barkin , have two children .
See also
Federal Reserve System
Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond
References
External links
Federal Reserve biography
1961 births
Living people
People from Tampa , Florida
American chief executives of financial services companies
American chief financial officers
Harvard Law School alumni
Harvard Business School alumni
Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond presidents
Emory University people
Harvard College alumni
This is a list of Asian stock exchanges .
In the Asian region , there are multiple stock exchanges . As per data from World Federation of Exchanges , below are top 10 selected in 2020 :
Shanghai Stock Exchange , China
Tokyo Stock Exchange , Japan
Hong Kong Stock Exchange , Hong Kong
Shenzhen Stock Exchange , China
Bombay Stock Exchange , India
National Stock Exchange , India
Korea Exchange , South Korea
Taiwan Stock Exchange , Taiwan
Singapore Exchange , Singapore
The Stock Exchange of Thailand , Thailand
Asian stock exchanges by UN subregion
List of Asian stock exchanges by UN subregion .
Central Asia
Eastern Asia
Northern Asia
South-eastern Asia
Southern Asia
Western Asia
See also
Federation of Euro-Asian Stock Exchanges
List of stock exchanges
References
External links
Information pages for each of India 's stock exchanges at Surf India
Stock Exchanges
Lists of stock exchanges
Ada and Ethel was a wooden schooner that was wrecked southeast of Seal Rocks , New South Wales , Australia , on 26 October 1887 .
Ship description and construction
On 9 January 1886 , Mr. Roderick of Eagleton , New South Wales , launched a new vessel built to the order of Messrs. Captain C. T. Messell and E. Davies , of Sydney , New South Wales . The christening ceremony was performed with champagne by Miss Ada Messell , Captain Messell′s daughter . The vessel was named after Ada and their infant sister Ethel May , who died approximately 12 months later .
Ada and Ethel then was taken to Sydney , entering Sydney Heads at half-past eleven on the night of 19 February 1886 under tow by the steamer Malua and was brought up in Pyrmont Bight to have their mast and other fittings installed . The passage down from Williams River was made in 10 hours .
Ada and Ethel was rigged as a fore-and-aft schooner , intended for the coasting trade . Them dimensions were long , beam , and depth , which gave them a gross register tonnage of 73 tons . They were built substantially of the best colonial hardwood , coppered , and copper-fastened . They were a sister ship of Julian , which was launched about eight months earlier and belonged to the same firm .
Wreck
Ada and Ethel left port on the afternoon of 26 October 1887 under the command of Captain Frederick . They soon found that the ship was taking on water so rapidly that by 19:30 the vessel became unmanageable , and Captain Frederick endeavoured to make for Port Stephens , New South Wales , where they intended to beach them However , it was soon apparent that Ada and Ethel would not reach the shore , and Captain Frederick and the five members of their crew abandoned ship off Seal Rocks , New South Wales .
References
Further reading
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast . By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises . 1993 .
Australian Shipwrecks - vol1 1622-1850 , Charles Bateson , AH and AW Reed , Sydney , 1972 , , Call number 910.4530994 BAT
Australian shipwrecks Vol . 2 1851–1871 By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 . Sydney . Reed , 1980 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol . 3 1871–1900 By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 . Geelong Vic : List Publishing , 1982 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol . 4 1901–1986 By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 . Portarlington Vic . Marine History Publications , 1987 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol . 5 Update 1986 By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 . Portarlington Vic . Marine History Publications , 1991 910.4530994 LON
External links
Australian National Shipwreck Database
Australian Shipping - Arrivals and Departures 1788-1968 including shipwrecks
Encyclopaedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks
Ships built in New South Wales
1886 ships
Maritime incidents in 1887
Shipwrecks of the Mid North Coast Region
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Coastal trading vessels of Australia
Schooners of Australia
The 1983–84 North American Soccer League indoor season was the fourth and last in league history . The San Diego Sockers defeated the New York Cosmos for their third straight indoor title , having won the NASL Indoor title in 1981–82 and the MISL title in 1982–83 .
Season recap
The NASL was struggling for life at this point , and finding teams to play the indoor season would be difficult . While San Diego , the Chicago Sting and the Golden Bay Earthquakes were committed to the league , filling out the ranks would be problematic . With the league making plain their desire to have both an indoor and outdoor element going forward , the Fort Lauderdale Strikers decided to move to Minnesota for the 1984 NASL season due to a lack of suitable arenas in the local area .
The Tampa Bay Rowdies were unsure whether or not they would be able to play , as the previous owners had committed to play in the indoor season and then sold the team . This left the new owners in the lurch . The lack of a suitable arena was also an issue , eventually forcing Rowdies ' home games to be split among three sites . The Tulsa Roughnecks were only in the league thanks to a fundraiser that put $ 65,000 in the team 's coffers , even though the team had won the outdoor Soccer Bowl just weeks earlier .
Despite the uncertainty , this would be the largest NASL Indoor season ever as a 32-game regular season , a best-of-three semifinal round and a best-of-five championship series were on the schedule . Also , the first ( and only ) All-Star Game in NASL history took place on February 8 at Chicago Stadium . The hometown Chicago Sting took on an All-Star team of the six other squads . Despite four goals from Chicago 's Karl-Heinz Granitza , the All-Stars won 9–8 .
Not surprisingly , the teams with steady management performed best through the season . The Sockers averaged over 11,000 for their home games and finished first , overcoming a slow 8-8 start . The hot streak continued in the playoffs as the team won all five of their postseason games en route to the NASL title .
The NASL confirmed plans for 40-game indoor seasons in 1985 and 1986 near the end of the season , but folded for good in March 1985 . By then , San Diego , Minnesota , New York and Chicago had joined the MISL . While the Sockers , Strikers and Sting experienced success in the MISL , the Cosmos would start the season but drop out on February 22 , 1985 .
Teams
Regular season
The 1983–84 regular season schedule ran from November 11 , 1983 , to March 25 , 1984 . The 32 games per team was almost double the length of previous NASL Indoor seasons .
W = Wins , L = Losses , GB = Games Behind 1st Place , Pct . = Winning Percentage , GF = Goals For , GA = Goals Against
Regular season statistics
Scoring leaders
GP = Games Played , G = Goals , A = Assists , Pts = Points
Leading goalkeepers
Note : GP = Games played ; Min – Minutes played ; GA = Goals against ; GAA = Goals against average ; W = Wins ; L = Losses
1984 NASL All-Star Game
On February 8 , the city of Chicago hosted what turned out to be the only All-Star game in NASL history . The Chicago Sting battled a team of All-Stars from the other six teams for the benefit of Chicago Tribune Charities . The starters were voted on by the players , while San Diego coach Ron Newman selected the reserves . The All-Stars outdueled the Sting 9–8 before 14,328 fans at Chicago Stadium , despite an MVP performance by Chicago 's Karl-Heinz Granitza . Granitza scored four goals on the night .
* Alan Mayer of San Diego was originally selected as a starter but due to a broken finger was unable to play . Tino Lettieri of Vancouver was named as their replacement.^Stan Terlecki of New York was originally selected as a reserve but due to injury was unable to play . Zequinha of Tulsa was named as their replacement .
Match report
NASL All-Stars
During the finals the NASL announced the traditional All-NASL team of All-Stars , as voted on by the players at the end of the regular season .
Playoffs
Bracket
Semifinals
Best of three series
Championship Series
Best of five series
Championship match reports
1983–84 NASL Indoor Champions : San Diego Sockers
Post-season awards
Most Valuable Player : Steve Zungul , Golden Bay
Coach of the Year : Eddie Firmani , New York
Finals MVP : Jean Willrich , San Diego
Team attendance totals
References
External links
The Year in American Soccer – 1984
NASL Indoor seasons
NASL
NASL
`` I Want You '' is the second single released by Australian actor and singer Toni Pearen . Released in March 1993 , the song peaked at number 10 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart on 23 May 1993 , spending 16 weeks in the top 50 , and was certified gold during its 10th week in the top 20 . `` I Want You '' garnered Toni Pearen an ARIA Award nomination for Best Pop Release in 1994 , their only ARIA nomination .
Background
Toni Pearen had launched their music career in 1992 with the release of their top-10 debut single `` In Your Room '' , after having been a popular cast member of the Australian drama series E Street . After the success their fellow E Street co-star Melissa Tkautz had with their number one single `` Read My Lips '' , Pearen was quickly signed to Mushroom Records and started recording songs .
Track listings
Australian CD single
`` I Want You ''
`` I Got the Vibe ''
Australian CD digipak and cassette single
A1 . `` I Want You ''
A2 . `` I Got the Vibe ''
B1 . `` I Want You '' ( extended mix )
B2 . `` I Want You '' ( extended dub )
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1993 singles
1993 songs
Mushroom Records singles
Toni Pearen songs
Ericleia Bodziak ( 26 September , 1969 ) , also known as Filó , is a retired Brazilian female volleyball player . They participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics where they won a bronze medal with the Brazilian women 's national volleyball team . They are currently married to Daniele Giorgi and has a daughter named Yasmin .
Clubs
References
1969 births
Living people
Brazilian women 's volleyball players
Olympic volleyball players of Brazil
Volleyball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Curitiba
Olympic bronze medalists for Brazil
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Sean Arnold ( 30 January 1941 – 15 April 2020 ) was an English actor . For their role as Harry Fisher in the BBC soap opera Doctors , they were nominated for Villain of the Year at the 2005 British Soap Awards .
Arnold was born in January 1941 in Wickwar , Gloucestershire , England .
They are known for their roles as Mr. Llewelyn in Grange Hill in the 1970s and 1980s , and as Barney Crozier in the 1980s BBC television series Bergerac . They played Commander Telson in the 1981 BBC Radio 4 science fiction serial
Earthsearch and the 1982 sequel Earthsearch II , and later appeared as the Chief Constable in Merseybeat . They also voiced every character in the 1984 James the Cat series .
Their film credits include roles in North Sea Hijack ( 1979 ) , Remembrance ( 1982 ) , Haunters of the Deep ( 1984 ) , Speaking of the Devil ( 1991 ) , and Red Rose ( 2005 ) .
They died in April 2020 at the age of 79 .
Filmography
References
External links
1941 births
2020 deaths
English male television actors
Male actors from Gloucestershire
The Senior men 's race at the 1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Durham , United Kingdom , at the University of Durham on March 25 , 1995 . A report on the event was given in The New York Times and in the Herald .
Complete results , medallists ,
and the results of British athletes were published .
Race results
Senior men 's race ( 12.02 km )
Individual
Teams
Note : Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 227 athletes from 52 countries in the Senior men 's race . This is in agreement with the official numbers as published .
( 6 )
( 1 )
( 1 )
( 6 )
( 7 )
( 5 )
( 3 )
( 1 )
( 6 )
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 2 )
( 2 )
( 9 )
( 2 )
( 9 )
( 1 )
( 1 )
( 1 )
( 7 )
( 1 )
( 9 )
( 2 )
( 2 )
( 2 )
( 9 )
( 3 )
( 7 )
( 6 )
( 1 )
( 8 )
( 1 )
( 7 )
( 3 )
( 9 )
( 6 )
( 1 )
( 4 )
( 2 )
( 9 )
( 9 )
( 2 )
( 7 )
( 3 )
( 6 )
( 9 )
( 9 )
( 3 )
( 6 )
( 1 )
( 1 )
( 6 )
See also
1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men 's race
1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women 's race
1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women 's race
References
Senior men 's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
MELS can mean :
Marx Engels Lenin Stalin
Ministry of Education and Higher Education ( Quebec )
MELS Movement of Botswana
Tyrone Bell ( born October 20 , 1974 ) is a former defensive back in the National Football League .
Biography
Bell was born Tyrone Edward Bell in West Point , Mississippi .
Career
Bell was drafted in the sixth round of the 1999 NFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers and would spend that season with the Green Bay Packers . They played at the collegiate level at the University of North Alabama . They also played for the BC Lions and Memphis Maniax .
Other work
Bell is currently a Senior Vice President of Primerica Financial Services in Huntsville , Alabama .
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
1974 births
Living people
People from West Point , Mississippi
Players of American football from Mississippi
Green Bay Packers players
American football defensive backs
North Alabama Lions football players
Primerica
BC Lions players
Memphis Maniax players
Michael Pitman is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s . They played for the Newtown Jets and Canterbury-Bankstown in the New South Wales Rugby League ( NSWRL ) competition .
Background
Pitman was born in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia and is the son of Tom Pitman who played for Newtown in the 1940s and 1950s .
Playing career
Pitman made their first grade debut for Newtown in Round 1 1980 against Canterbury-Bankstown at Henson Park in which Pitman was sent from the field for a professional foul . Under the coaching of Warren Ryan , Newtown went from a struggling team to title contenders and in 1981 finished second on the table . Newtown would go on to reach the 1981 NSWRL grand final against Parramatta . Pitman played at prop in the match as Newtown trailed Parramatta 7–6 at halftime before Parramatta came home in the second half to win 20-11 and claim their first premiership at the Sydney Cricket Ground .
The following season , Newtown were unable to replicate their form of 1981 and the club failed to reach the finals . In Round 5 of the 1982 season , Pitman was in the Newtown side which played in the lowest scoring game in NSWRL premiership history as they drew 0–0 with Canterbury at Henson Park . Pitman then departed Newtown at the end of 1982 and signed with Canterbury . Pitman played one season for Canterbury making 19 appearances and was part of the side which reached the 1983 preliminary final but lost to Parramatta 18–4 .
Pitman then signed on with Lakes United in the Newcastle competition as captain-coach . Pitman later coached Griffith black and whites , now known as Griffith black and whites panthers .
After leaving Canterbury in 1984 they captained/coached Kurri Kurri Bulldogs .
References
Living people
Newtown Jets players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Australian rugby league players
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Lakes United Seagulls players
Kurri Kurri Bulldogs players
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Sydney
Karl Gustaf Albin Brag ( 30 January 1878 , near Söderköping - 23 December 1937 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish architect .
Life and work
They completed their primary schooling in Jönköping in 1897 . From 1898 to 1902 , they studied at the KTH Royal Institute of Technology , followed by studies at the Technical University of Munich from 1902 to 1903 . Then came work at an architectural office , from 1903 to 1906 ; after which they established their own business . In 1908 , they became a teacher at the Konstfack ( Technical College ) . At first , they also worked as a watercolorist and etcher ; having been a student of Axel Tallberg and .
They designed factory and office buildings , as well as worker housing , for several large Swedish companies ; notably in Hallstahammar , Fagersta , Stråssa , Köping and Nacka . They also designed , retirement homes , manors , villas and spas , throughout the country . Notable examples are the Teachers ' Rest Home , outside Stockholm and in Lärkstaden , an area inspired by the English garden city movement .
Numerous apartment buildings in Aspudden and Midsommarkransen were of their design ; commissioned by the development company , . They are enclosed neighborhood buildings with ornate gables , bay windows and angled ceilings in a simplified Art Nouveau style , and give those areas their distinctive character . They also commissioned them to design a sculpture for a water fountain in Aspudden .
During the early part of the century , they designed eight villas in Nacka and the surrounding areas ; one of which burned down in 1930 . Two of them were designed for artists ; Richard Bergh ( still known as the ) , and Georg Pauli and their wife , Hanna Hirsch-Pauli . One was for the author , Per Hallström . They were inspired by the small , Baroque-style `` palaces '' that were popular in Germany at the time . They also designed some lesser-known villas in Uppsala .
References
External links
`` Albin Brag – Aspuddens och Midsommarkransens arkitekt '' @ Carin på Sprätthöken
Albin Brag @ KulturNav
Albin Brag @ DigitaltMuseum
1878 births
1937 deaths
Swedish architects
People from Söderköping Municipality
Attingal Lok Sabha constituency ( ) is one of the 20 Lok Sabha constituencies in Kerala state in southern India . This constituency came into existence in 2008 following the delimitation of the parliamentary constituencies based on the recommendation of the Delimitation Commission of India constituted in 2002 .
Assembly segments
Attingal Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments :
Members of Parliament
As Chirayinkil
As Attingal
Election results
General election 2019
{ { Election box candidate with party link||party=Indian National Congress|candidate=Adoor Prakash|votes=3,80,995|percentage=37.91|change=0.31
{ { Election box candidate with party link||party=Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) |candidate=A . Sampath|votes=3,42,748|percentage=34.11|change= 11.56
{ { Election box candidate with party link||party=Bharatiya Janata Party|candidate=Shobha Surendran|votes=2,48,081|percentage=24.69|change=10.16
General election 2014
See also
Chirayinkil ( Lok Sabha constituency )
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
Indian general election , 2014 ( Kerala )
2014 Indian general election
References
External links
Election Commission of India : https : //web.archive.org/web/20081218010942/http : //www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp
Lok Sabha constituencies in Kerala
Politics of Thiruvananthapuram district
Centrometopia is a genus of snout moths . It was described by Ragonot in 1887 .
Species
Centrometopia atrisparsella ( Ragonot , 1887 )
Centrometopia interruptella Ragonot , 1887
References
Phycitinae
The 2015–16 KNVB Cup is the 98th season of the Dutch national football knockout tournament . The winner qualifies for the group stage of the Europa League the following season and the Johan Cruyff Shield , the Dutch Supercup match between the Cup winner and the champions of the Eredivisie .
Qualification
Teams qualified for the Cup through the following : ( reserve teams are excluded )
Calendar
The calendar is as follows :
Source : Royal Dutch Football Association
First round
Only amateur teams compete in this round . Matches were played on 26 August 2015 . Due to heavy rainfall four matches were abandoned during the game and finished one week later on 2 September 2015
Second round
Winners from the first round compete against all professional clubs .
Third round
The 32 winners from the previous round progress to this stage .
Fourth round
The 16 winners from the previous round progress to this stage .
Quarter-finals
The 8 winners from the previous round progress to this stage .
Semi-finals
The 4 winners from the previous round progress to this stage .
Final
The 2 winners from the previous round progress to the final . The winner of the semi-final match between Feyenoord and AZ is marked as the 'home ' team in the final , as that was the first match to be drawn at the draw for the semi-finals .
References
2015-16
2015–16 European domestic association football cups
KNVB
The National Committee of the Chinese Financial , Commercial , Light Industry , Textile and Tobacco Workers ' Union is a national industrial union of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions in the People 's Republic of China .
External links
About ACFTU
China National and Apparel Council
National industrial unions ( China )
General unions
Ben Woollacott is the name of a ship built by Remontowa to serve as part of the Woolwich Ferry service . The ship is named after a teenage deckhand who drowned in an accident while untying mooring ropes of the ferry Ernest Bevin in 2011 . Ben came from a family of Thames watermen that had worked on the river for six generations .
The new ferry arrived in London on 15 November 2018 . It has an automatic docking system to hold the ferry in place during loading . The vessel operates alongside sister ship Dame Vera Lynn .
References
Woolwich Ferry
Ships built in Gdańsk
2018 ships
Water transport in London
was a Rear Admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy .
Senda was an officer in the IJN , and was stationed on the island of Biak , near New Guinea . Though they were the highest-ranking officer on the island , they were placed under the command of Kuzume Naoyuki , who was only a colonel . They commanded 1,500 troops of the 28th Marine Department , yet only 125 had engaged in combat training . They aided in the defense of Biak against the United States Marine Corps , but was killed in the battle for the island after trying to fight off the US landings .
1944 deaths
Japanese military personnel killed in World War II
1890 births
Imperial Japanese Navy admirals
Deinypena fulvida is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by William Jacob Holland in 1920 . It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
References
Moths described in 1920
Calpinae
Qoreyshabad ( , also Romanized as Qoreyshābād ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 324 , in 93 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Coralie is a French feminine name meaning `` coral '' , derived from the Latin word coralium . It was the eighth most popular name for baby girls in Quebec in 2007 .
Notable people with the name Coralie include :
Coralie Balmy
Coralie Clément
Coralie Dubost
Coralie Simmons
Coralie Frasse Sombet
Coralie Trinh Thi
Coralie Winn , urban arts director
Other uses
Coralie , the French-built second stage of ELDO 's Europa rocket
Coralie , Queensland , a locality in the Shire of Croydon , Australia
CORALIE spectrograph
Coralia
References
French feminine given names
The 2018–19 Illinois Fighting Illini women 's basketball team represented the University of Illinois during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women 's basketball season . The Fighting Illini , led by second-year head coach Nancy Fahey , played their home games at State Farm Center as members of the Big Ten Conference . They finished the season 10–20 , 2–16 in Big Ten play to finish in last place . They lost in the first round of the Big Ten Women 's Tournament to Purdue .
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
! colspan= '' 9 '' style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
! colspan= '' 9 '' style=| Big Ten conference season
|-
! colspan= '' 9 '' style=| Big Ten Women 's Tournament
Rankings
See also
2018–19 Illinois Fighting Illini men 's basketball team
References
Illinois Fighting Illini women 's basketball seasons
Illinois
Fight
Fight
T65 may refer to :
7.62×51mm NATO , bullet type
T65 telephone
T65 assault rifle
T65 flour , french flour grade
Amodara is large village of Bayad taluka in Aravalli district . Amodara 's population around more than 10000 people . In Amodara village predominant population is of the Solanki Rajput who 's are come from Kalari and also some other community . Most of the population of village are farmers . In this village has a basic facility like Primary School , Higher Secondary School , Gram Panchayat , dairy and also 4G internet services .
Places
Most Visited Places
Gopnath Mahadev
Khodiyar Temple
Bahuchar Temple ( Amodara )
Places
Gopnath Mahadev is a Siva 's Temple . This Temple is more than 100 years old . Savan month many crowds are coming in lord Siva 's temple
Ma Khodiyar Temple ( locating Juna Shedha ) . Many crowds is coming in Khodiyar Jayanti and Khodiyar Maa 's Rath journey to all around Amodara .
References
Aravalli district
Villages in Aravalli district
The Fiat AN.1 was an Italian two-seat biplane from 1930 , best known as a demonstrator of Fiat 's first aircraft diesel engine , also named the Fiat AN.1 .
Design and development
The AN.1 was a two-seat reconnaissance aircraft built primarily to explore the suitability of diesel engines in tasks requiring long endurance flying . In the early 1930s , diesel engines seemed to offer several advantages in such situations , particularly better reliability because of greater mechanical simplicity and lower fuel consumption , because of greater thermodynamic efficiency . Additionally , heavy oil fuel posed no fire risk and was at the time a fifth of the price of petrol .
The AN.1 used a Fiat-built engine of the same name , much of which was based on the Fiat A.12 petrol engine , but with a new compression ignition upper half . It was a conventional biplane design , though little is known of its details . It first flew in 1930 .
Operational history
After some short test flights at Fiat 's Turin works , the AN.1 made its first long-distance flight to Rome , a distance of about 510 km ( 315 mi ) , piloted by Renato Donati in June 1930 . This took it to Littorio Airport for an appearance on the first day of the Aerial Pageant .
Specifications
References
1930s Italian aircraft
Diesel-engined aircraft
AN.1
Aircraft first flown in 1930
Biplanes
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1973 season .
Overview
It was contested by 6 teams , and Havnar Bóltfelag won the championship .
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Jacob Shibley ( October 31 , 1778 – November 11 , 1869 ) was a gentleman farmer and political figure in Lower Canada . They represented Frontenac in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1834 to 1836 as a Reformer .
They were born in the Thirteen Colonies , the son of John Shibley , a loyalist who served with Jessup 's Loyal Rangers . Shibley settled in Portland Township . Shibley married Catherine Daly . They served in the militia during the War of 1812 and was a justice of the peace for the Midland District . They also advocated for free universal healthcare .
Their nephew Schuyler Shibley was a member of the House of Commons of Canada .
References
Johnson , JK Becoming Prominent : Regional Leadership in Upper Canada , 1791-1841 ( 1989 ) p. 226
1778 births
1862 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada
United Empire Loyalists
Canadian justices of the peace
Olga Zubova ( born 9 December 1993 ) is a Russian weightlifter .
Career
After coming back from a 2 year suspension and not having been defeated for gold in any competition until the World Weightlifting Championships in Houston , USA 2015 , this immensely talented athlete was the prime candidate to lead the Russian women 's 75kg class for gold in the 2016 Olympics until they were suspended for drug violations once again .
They competed in the 2013 World Weightlifting Championships – Women 's 75 kg convincing winning the Gold medal but then got disqualified for using a banned substance , Clomiphene , in competition that resulted in their 1st suspension
They returned to competition at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships in Houston , Texas and took bronze in women 's 75 kg , where they failed a doping control again .
In May 2016 , Olga Zubova has been banned for eight years for doping .
Since being banned they have participated in the relative new sport CrossFit that stresses a combination of various athletic movements requiring great muscle endurance .
They purportedly had in training ( while suspended ) exceeded all world records in 75kg class with a snatch over 135 kg & clean & jerk 175 kg .
References
Russian female weightlifters
1993 births
Living people
Weightlifters at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
Doping cases in weightlifting
Russian sportspeople in doping cases
Universiade medalists in weightlifting
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Russia
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
20th-century Russian women
21st-century Russian women
Barry John Thomas ( born 29 October 1951 , Harrow , Middlesex ) is a former motorcycle speedway rider . 'Thommo ' is considered to be the most popular Hackney rider ever , staying with the club based at the Hackney Wick Stadium for a record-breaking 20 consecutive seasons .
Career
Although originally preferring Junior Grasstrack , Thommo was first spotted during interval demonstration rides at the home of the West Ham Hammers with friend and rival Dave Jessup , following which they signed for the Canterbury Crusaders . They progressed through to heat leader status in their very first season , prompting Hackney Hawks promoter Len Silver to buy them for the Hawks in 1970 .
They were given plenty of advice and help from Garry Middleton who helped them with any bike problems they had which resulted in them winning the British Junior Championship in that first season at Hackney .
They also twice won the prestigious London Riders Championship in 1973 and 1974 and became a regular representing their country in the test matches .
They became Hackney Captain in 1975 and played a huge part in the signing of Polish Champion Zenon Plech .
Although they never fulfilled their early potential to become one of the world 's best riders , mostly notably never reaching a world final , they became a successful British League heat leader thrilling fans around the country with their exciting never say die racing style which saw most of their points scored by overtaking opposing riders after their characteristic poor start . They were awarded a testimonial for 10 years service in 1979 .
In 1981 , after a couple of poor seasons , they dropped into the National League with the Crayford Kestrels but continued their Hackney career as reserve . However , in 1984 Crayford were forced to close and the promotion moved the team to Hackney to compete in the National League as the Hackney Kestrels and Thommo returned full-time to Hackney again as captain .
In 1989 they were awarded a record-breaking second testimonial , being the only rider to ever spend 20 consecutive years at one speedway club .
They have since made one or two special appearances ; most notably in 2001 they made a special one-off appearance for a Hackney team in a meeting at Rye House , having never ridden a bike for thirteen years and after a further 10 years won a veteran speedway event at Lydd speedway in 2011 .
External links
www.hackneyhawks.co.uk
References
1951 births
Living people
British speedway riders
English motorcycle racers
People from Harrow , London
Hackney Hawks riders
Crayford Kestrels riders
Rye House Rockets riders
Canterbury Crusaders riders
Frank Peter `` Dunie '' Ryan Jr. ( 10 June 1942 – 13 November 1984 ) was a Canadian gangster and the leader of the West End Gang , a Montreal-based criminal organization .
Criminal career
Hoodlum
Ryan was born of Irish descent in a poor neighborhood of Montreal . Their father , Frank Ryan Sr. abandoned their family when Ryan was three years old , leaving their mother , May , to raise them by herself . Ryan 's mother called them `` junior '' , which they mispronounced as `` Dunie '' , which became their lifelong nickname . Ryan dropped out of school at the age of 16 and led their own teenage gang who participated in `` petty '' crimes such as smash and grabs , garment thefts from trucks , and breaking and entering . Ryan 's specialty as a teenager was in stealing fur coats from delivery trucks and selling them on the black market . By 1962 , they already had dozens of convictions for robbery , possession of stolen goods , and possession of a false drivers ' license . Ryan was known for their rambunctious and rowdy personality , often saying they wanted to `` live fast , love hard and die young '' .
Ryan continued their crime spree throughout the 1960s , being convicted of robbery with violence and of burglary . They served both sentences at the St. Vincent de Paul prison . In 1965 , Ryan killed a man while driving drunk . Their conviction was overturned on a technicity . Ryan felt much resentment about being charged for manslaughter , and they came to feel a grudge against the Quebec justice system , which they felt was biased against him . Starting in 1966 , Ryan started to frequent the Country Palace on rue Sherbrooke where their biographer , Daniel Burke , wrote : `` Hoods from all over the country , but especially the Irish Catholic ghettos , gathered at the Country Palace . Primarily strong arms and bank robbers , the Irish Canadians were an important element of the Montreal underworld , and the nightclub was a mine of contacts for Ryan . There , through the Irish-Canadian links with the Boston underworld , they found the bridge to bigger opportunities and their first costly setback '' .
In 1966 , they were convicted of a bank robbery in Boston for which they served 6 years of a 15-year sentence in an American prison . Ryan and four other men robbed the Essex County Bank and Trust on 24 August 1966 , but were arrested by the Boston police shortly afterwards . After their parole in December 1972 , Ryan joined what was then called the Irish Gang to help them continue their criminal enterprises , which now included loansharking as well as robberies . In 1973 , they married Evelyn Lemieux from the Gaspé . Ryan had two children by their wife , Trica and Troy . Ryan had an easy-going personality , which made them popular , and they soon became the leader of the West End Gang . Starting in 1973 , Ryan and the West End Gang went on a rampage of robbing jewelry stores and armoured cars for banks . Ryan 's favorite place was Smitty 's , a run-down bar on rue Sherbrooke , where they played pool , drank and planned robberies with their Irish-Canadian and French-Canadian associates .
The West End Gang did not the same rigid hierarchical structure of the Mafia , and Ryan 's status was more than primus inter pares rather as a boss in the traditional sense of the term . Besides for robbing jewelry stores and loansharking , Ryan had the West End Gang start selling hashish , and then heroin and cocaine . Ryan assembled a crew that consisted of Patrick `` Hughie '' McGurnaghan , Paul April , Allan `` The Weasel '' Ross , the Matticks brothers , Peter White , and Kenny McPolland as their principle lieutenants . In 1974 , Ryan hired as their bodyguard , John `` Jake the Snake '' McLaughlin , a thief and a hitman suspected of least a dozen murders . McLaughlin was the prime suspect in the murders of George Groom in 1968 , James McDonald in 1969 , Gary Down in 1970 , and Michael French in 1982 .
The most successful robbery committed by the West End Gang under Ryan 's leadership was the theft of some $ 2 , 275 , 884 in cash together with golden Olympic coins worth $ 5 , 000 dollars from a Brinks armored car on 30 March 1976 . The Montreal newspapers called the Brinks robbery of 30 March 1976-which was the largest robbery ever committed in Montreal-the `` crime of the century '' . On 14 May 1976 , one of the West End Gang members involved in the Brinks robbery , John Slawvey , was killed in a shoot-out with the police with detective André Savard killing Slawvey . Ryan was enraged by Slawvey 's killing , which they regarded as a cold-blooded execution by the police as they insisted that Slawvey was unarmed and was in the process of surrendering when Savard shot him . Ryan placed a $ 50 , 000 contract on Savard 's life , which was unprecedented act as never before had a gangster in Montreal placed a contract on the life of a police officer . Savard was forced to live in hiding for some time afterwards . Ultimately no hitman proved willing to take up the contract out of the fear of the police reaction to the killing of a police officer , and Savard came out of hiding .
The `` King of Coke ''
After their initial forays in the drug market , Ryan realized that this was a market that could be expanded . They soon built a drug network that spread throughout Quebec , Ontario and the Atlantic provinces . The West End Gang , as the Irish Gang had been renamed sometime in the late 1970s , took control of the Port of Montreal , which allowed them to smuggle in drugs on a scale that other gangs could not . Through their connections with the Irish Mob of Boston , Ryan started to import cocaine from Colombia and heroin from the `` Golden Crescent '' nations of Afghanistan , Pakistan and Iran . Ryan 's point-man for the Port of Montreal was Gerald Matticks and their brothers . Ryan was content to be a wholesaler , who sold drugs to the Mafia and the outlaw biker clubs who in turn sold drugs to the street gangs . They also began to engage in fund-raising and gun-running for the Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) , both sending and receiving guns from Northern Ireland . Proud of their Irish heritage , Ryan wore a golden Claddagh ring on their third finger . Ryan was rumored to be worth $ 20 million dollars , which was possibly an exaggeration , through they were clearly wealthy . Ryan 's prize possession was their 36-foot yacht that they used to sail the St. Lawrence River with .
By the late 1970s , Ryan developed relationships with other criminal organizations in Montreal , including the Hells Angels and Cotroni crime family . Ryan made a deal with Frank Cotroni that the Controni family would buy drugs exclusively from the West End Gang . As both of these criminal organizations depended on Ryan 's steady supply of drugs , Ryan was on the top of the criminal foodchain in Quebec . Ryan was known for their contempt for the other criminal organizations , once saying : `` Mafia , pafia . It 's there 's a war , we 've got the IRA '' . Through their American cousin , Peter White , Ryan made an alliance with the Irish Mob of Boston . Ryan also formed an alliance with Yves Buteau , the national president of the Hells Angels , whom become one of their largest customers . Buteau also become Ryan 's main subcontractor as Ryan often made use of the services of the Angels ' ace assassin , the hitman Yves `` Apache '' Trudeau .
In November 1979 , Ryan was subpoenaed to testify at la Commission d'Enuête sur le Crime Organisé who wanted to know why Ryan who was officially unemployed as they never had a legitimate job once in their life could afford the mortgage on their house . Ryan testified that during their time in Boston in the 1960s that they had stolen some $ 100 , 000 U.S. dollars in various bank robberies , which they had hidden somewhere , which was the source of their income . Through their claim was not believed , it was not possible for the commissioners to disprove their claim . Despite not having a job , Ryan was able to afford the services of Sidney Leithman who was regarded as one of Montreal 's best lawyers and was the preferred defense counsel for gangsters . Leithman successfully defended Ryan several times , and was rewarded with a golden Claddagh ring by Ryan . By 1980 , Ryan 's base of operations was the bar of the Cavalier Motel on rue St. Jacques , where a collection of criminals would go to meet them at what was known as `` the zoo '' .
When another crime figure , Patrick `` Hughie '' McGurnaghan , cheated Ryan in a drug deal and carried a $ 100,000 debt , Ryan contacted the Hells Angels ' North chapter for assistance . Hells Angels member Trudeau was dispatched to kill McGurnaghan . On 27 October 1981 , Trudeau planted a car bomb on McGurnaghan 's Mercedes-Benz , killing them and seriously injuring a male passenger . According to police documents , it was believed that Ryan was worth up to $ 50 million . Ryan was said to have a briefcase full of $ 500,000 dollars that they kept on their person .
Ryan refused advice to retire as they stated : `` If your tap was flowing $ 100 bills , would you turn it off ? I 've got three hundred guys working for me . What are they gon na do ? '' By 1982 , Ryan was known within the Montreal underworld as the `` King of Coke '' . Ryan was a popular gang boss , who was well liked for their generosity towards their men with one of their followers , John Philips calling them a `` honorable thief '' . Philips recalled that Ryan would `` help anybody that came out of the can [ prison ] anytime ! He 'd say , 'Well , I 'd see what I can for you . Here 's five hundred bucks ; go get yourselves some clothes and whatever the fuck you need ' . Dunnie was like that . They were generous to a fault '' . Another West End Gang thief , Billy Morgan , called them `` a very generous man '' who was `` very articulate '' and `` he never got mad . They were a perfect gentleman '' .
In January 1982 , Ryan learned that two Hells Angels , Denis `` Le Curé '' Kennedy and Charles Hachey , were planning to kidnap Ryan 's children to force them to forgive their drug debts . Ryan gave an ultimatum to Buteau that either the two would-be kidnappers be killed or else they would cease selling drugs to the biker club . Buteau dispatched Trudeau after the two , whom Trudeau executed after taking them out for drinks in a bar . In 1983 , Ryan had become wealthy enough to purchase to a large house at 541 Montrose Drive in the wealthy neighborhood of Beaconsfield , where they lived with their wife and two children .
In 1983 , Ryan sent McLaughlin , who proved to be very bloodthirsty as they enjoyed killing people to a farm in New Brunswick owned by Noel Winters with orders to stay there until the media furor caused by their killings in Montreal ceased . Going with McLaughlin to New Brunswick was their girlfriend , Maria Kraus-Hillebrand . On 23 April 1984 , the decomposing bodies of McLaughlin and Kraus-Hillebrand were found buried in a shallow grave in a rural area outside of Saint John . Based upon the state of decomposition , the police estimated that McLaughlin and Kraus-Hillebrand had been killed in late 1983 , and charged Winters with the murders . Winters believed that Ryan had sent McLaughlin to kill them over an unpaid drug debt , leading to them to strike first . Winters hanged themselves in their cell the next day as they believed that Ryan would have them murdered in prison .
Murder
Ryan was murdered on 13 November 1984 . On the evening of their death , Ryan was at the Nittolo 's Jardin Motel on St. Jacques Street West in Montreal when Paul April , a French-Canadian associate , told them there was an attractive young woman waiting to have sex with them in the adjoining room . April and their associate , Robert Lelièvre , who had a shotgun , planned to tie Ryan to a chair and force them to reveal where they had hidden their fortune before killing him . Ryan resisted and threw a chair at Lelièvre , who opened fire with their shotgun . As Ryan lay dying on the floor , someone finished them off by shooting them in the head with a .45 handgun . It is unclear who actually shot Ryan . One of Ryan 's killers , Eddie Philips , told their brother , John Philips `` I shot a dead man ! `` , claiming they had shot Ryan after their death on the orders of April and Lelièvre . Ryan 's killers fled so quickly that they did not take any of the valuables on their corpse . The police found in Ryan 's wallet some $ 6 , 350 in cash along with a gold chain still around their neck and a Rolex watch still on their wrist .
Four days later , Ryan 's funeral was held at St. Augustine of Canterbury Church in Montreal , attended by their mother , May wife Evelyn , their two children , and another 200 mourners . Ryan was replaced as boss of the West End Gang by Allan `` The Weasel '' Ross whose first act as leader was to hire the hitman Yves Trudeau of the Hells Angels ' Laval chapter to hunt down and kill those responsible for the murder of Ryan . April and Lelièvre were killed in an apartment bombing less than two weeks later .
Books
.
External links
The West End Gang and the Robbery of the Century
Frank `` Dunie '' Ryan and the West End Gang
References
1942 births
1984 deaths
20th-century Canadian criminals
Canadian male criminals
Canadian gangsters of Irish descent
Murdered Canadian gangsters
Canadian crime bosses
Canadian drug traffickers
Criminals from Montreal
Organized crime in Montreal
Anglophone Quebec people
Quebec people of Irish descent
Deaths by firearm in Quebec
1984 murders in Canada
People convicted of robbery
Canadian people convicted of manslaughter
Canadian prisoners and detainees
Canadian people imprisoned abroad
Prisoners and detainees of the United States
West End Gang
1984 in Quebec
Istanbul–Tehran–lslamabad railway or ( ITI Train ) is an international freight train service between Islamabad , Pakistan and Istanbul , Turkey via Tehran , Iran . The train was launched on 14 August 2009 on trial basis . It is an important project of Economic Cooperation Organization .
The train connects Islamabad , Tehran and Istanbul by covering 6,500 kilometers or 4,040 miles in 15 days . There is a break-of-gauge between Iran Railways , Standard gauge and Pakistan Railways , broad gauge at Zahedan . A container terminal is proposed in Zahedan for transshipment of containers from Standard gauge to Broad gauge . A passenger train service is also under consideration on this route . The main obstacle in project is the poor railway infrastructure between Quetta and Taftan in Pakistan .
The 10th edition of the joint meetup of Economic Cooperation Organization ( ECO ) held in Istanbul national railways of Turkey , Iran , and Pakistan have mutually agreed to resume regular operations after a meeting Turkey 's Transport Minister , Adil Karaismailoğlu , informed all requirements for the railway triad have been fulfilled . The train is expected to resume operations in 2021 . The Islamabad-Tehran-Istanbul Freight Train Project , which was implemented between Turkey , Iran and Pakistan in 2009 and stopped in 2011 , was restarted with the train departing from Islamabad on December 21 , 2021 . The train reached Ankara with a load of 150 tonnes of pink salt on January 4 , 14 days later .
See also
Trans-Asian Railway
References
International rail transport
Rail transport in Pakistan
Rail transport in Iran
Rail freight transport in Turkey
Astra 1F is one of the Astra communications satellites in geostationary orbit owned and operated by SES . It was launched in April 1996 to the Astra 19.2°E orbital slot initially to provide digital television and radio for direct-to-home ( DTH ) across Europe .
The satellite originally provided two broadcast beams , of horizontal and vertical polarisation , for Fixed Service Satellite ( FSS ) ( 10.70-10.95 GHz ) and for Broadcast Satellite Service ( BSS ) ( 11.70-12.10 GHz ) frequency bands . The FSS beams provide footprints that cover essentially the same area of Europe – northern , central and eastern Europe , including Spain and northern Italy – while the BSS horizontal beam excludes Spain and extends further east , and the BSS vertical beam includes Spain and more of southern Italy but does not extend so far east . Within the footprints , television signals are usually received with a 60–80 cm dish .
See also
Astra satellite family
SES satellite operator
SES Broadband Internet service
References
External links
SES guide to receiving Astra satellites
SES guide to channels broadcasting on Astra satellites
OnAstra - Official consumers/viewers ' site
SES - Official trade/industry site
SES Broadband website
Astra satellites
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Satellites using the BSS-601 bus
Satellite Internet access
Spacecraft launched in 1996
1996 in Luxembourg
Satellites of Luxembourg
Sleeper is a Ukrainian fashion brand of multifunctional apparel founded in 2014 by Kate Zubarieva and Asya Varetsa . The concept of the brand lies in the idea of the « First Walking Sleepwear » which can be worn both at home and outdoors .
History
Sleeper was launched in 2014 by two former fashion editors Kate Zubarieva and Asya Varetsa .
The Sleeper first collection was launched 6 months later with the startup capital of just $ 2,000 and a single seamstress . In two months , then editor-in-chief of Vogue Italy , Franca Sozzani , named Sleeper the brand of the month .
In 2015 , the brand put out its first line made from linen .
In 2016 Sleeper debuted its first Bridal collection which consisted of a slip dress , pajama sets with pants and loungewear dress .
In 2017 , off-the-shoulder dresses became the dress of the year according to Marie Claire . The same year Sleeper released Party Pajamas as a part of the Holiday Collection'17 which soon and appeared on the covers of British versions of Cosmopolitan and Tatler .
In February 2019 , Sleeper 's co-founders Kate Zubarieva and Asya Varetsa were included into the European Forbes ' 30 under 30 list in the Arts & Culture category .
In 2021 brand used recycled materials in its collection for the first time . It presented the ‘ Weekend Chic ' set made with recycled plastic .
Founders
In 2011 Kate Zubarieva graduated from Kyiv University with an MA in International Journalism . They worked in the Information Agency , and later in media management . Since Kate was 19 , they worked in Playing Fashion newspaper ( 2009 ) and later held the position of editor-in-chief of the online version of the Pink magazine ( 2010-2013 ) , VDOH ( 2010-2013 ) . They wrote articles on fashion and art-directed shootings for fashion publications .
Asya Varetsa graduated from The State University of Management in Moscow with an MA in Marketing in 2012 . In 2009 they worked for the Playing Fashion newspaper , and in 2010 they became a junior fashion editor for ELLE Russia .
Production
Sleeper supports artisan manufacturing traditions and ethical consciousness . Sleeper 's garments are made in Kyiv , Ukraine in the sewing studios .
In summer 2020 the brand expanded into footwear , and swimwear .
As of 2021 , the Sleeper 's product range includes pajamas , dresses , loungewear , partywear , bridal collection , swimwear , shoes and bags .
Sleeper 's customers include Eva Chen , Katy Perry , Brie Larson , Kourtney Kardashian , Aurora James , Kelly Lynch , Busy Philipps , Chloë Grace Moretz , Zoey Deutch , Dakota and Elle Fanning , Veronika Heilbrunner , and Lena Dunham amongst others .
Global presence
As of 2021 , Sleeper 's collections are available in 32 markets , and more than 160 boutiques around the world . Sleeper 's collections are sold at Net-a-Porter , Saks Fifth Avenue , Harvey Nichols , Shopbop , Bloomingdale 's , Nordstrom , Harrods , Browns , Neiman Marcus , Ounass .
Charity projects
Under charity initiatives , Sleeper provides support to NGO Happy Today which helps children with autism , charity fund Kvitna that supports women with breast cancer .
Since 2020 , the brand has donated to Black Girl Ventures and NAACP LDF to support fighting for racial justice in the US and around the globe .
Documentary
In 2019 , Sleeper created a documentary called “ Behind the Seams ” that conveys the process of creating a new collection , Sleeper 's team , the office , production , and the world 's largest shirt .
In 2020 Sleeper 's documentary was shortlisted by Milan Fashion Film Festival . In 2021 the documentary was awarded with the Webby Honoree .
References
External links
Official website
Instagram
Clothing brands of Ukraine
is a 2009 platform video game developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega as part of the Sonic the Hedgehog series . The game was released on the Wii as the second entry in the Sonic Storybook series , following Sonic and the Secret Rings ( 2007 ) . Set in the world of King Arthur , the game combines Sonic 's trademark speed with a new sword fighting system , utilizing the Wii Remote 's motion-sensing functionality .
Sonic and the Black Knight received mixed reviews , with praise for its graphics , presentation and abundance of bonus content , but criticism of the game 's controls , swordplay mechanics and multiplayer aspect . Sonic and the Black Knight was de-listed from retailers in 2010 , following Sega 's decision to remove all Sonic series titles with sub-average Metacritic scores in order to increase the value of the brand .
Gameplay
Gameplay differs from traditional games in the Sonic series by mixing in the new element of swordplay with the traditional Sonic platforming and speed . Swordplay is implemented through the Wii Remote . Gameplay is heavily inspired from Sonic and the Secret Rings with many of the same abilities and restrictions shared exclusively between the two games . Unlike other 3D Sonic games , Sonic can not turn around , and is funneled into a set path automatically , only able to strafe left and right , move and backflip in reverse , or keep running forward . Unlike Sonic and the Secret Rings , however , Sonic 's movement is controlled with the analog stick , making forward and backward movement more streamlined .
The stages feature townspeople that cheer the player on , and some that Sonic can interact with ; these actions and the player 's deeds will be judged at the end of each stage , updating their `` knight ranking '' accordingly . By interacting with these characters the player may do a quick-time button input . Doing so correctly will take away twenty of Sonic 's rings and give them to the townsperson , and in return , they receive a gift at the end of the stage . In some stages , it is required to give a specific amount of rings to townspeople before reaching the goal . In stages where this is not required the townsperson will reward Sonic with an item . There are 242 items in the game , some of which can be gained by opening treasure chests in the stages . Any items collected during a stage must be identified at the end of the stage by using Sonic 's `` ID points '' . Rarer items cost more ID points than others . An online mode allows treasures to be traded between registered friends .
The game changes the traditional level items , such as springs and speed pads , into `` fairies . '' These fairies come in varying colors ; Yellow elements will be used as a group of one to twenty rings , Blue fairies will be used as speed boosts and springs , and Red will be used to fill the `` Soul gauge . '' This gauge is filled by defeating enemies and collecting Red Fairies , and is used to unleash a powerful lock-on attack , Soul Surge . On only the first few stages , the `` pearls '' from the previous game , Sonic and the Secret Rings , appear as apples .
The skill system from Sonic and the Secret Rings also returns , but has been revised into a more standard linear progression system , Each playable character has three styles to choose from . At first , only the balanced `` Knight '' style is available , but later , `` Cavalier '' and `` Paladin '' styles are unlocked . They deal with the aspects of speed and power , respectively . As levels are completed , the player gains a number of `` Followers '' that is used as Experience and as the number of followers goes up , the number of skills the player has in a certain style are permanently increased . The `` styles '' of characters beside Sonic are not increased ; Rather , their swords ' abilities and skills are enhanced .
Once the `` Knight 's Quest '' part of the story is reached , Sir Gawain ( Knuckles the Echidna ) , Sir Lancelot ( Shadow the Hedgehog ) , and Sir Percival ( Blaze the Cat ) will be playable from that point on . Each has their own characteristics ; for instance , Knuckles wields dual swords that double as boomerangs and has the ability to glide , Blaze can surround themselves with fire and use more lunge attacks than Sonic , and Shadow can use Chaos Powers . In story mode , they can use different swords than their own swords , unlike Sonic , who can only wield Caliburn .
Up to four players can play in the game 's multiplayer , choosing between one of 12 characters to partake in a number of different kinds of battles . Characters include Sonic , Lancelot ( Shadow ) , Gawain ( Knuckles ) , Percival ( Blaze ) , Blacksmith ( Tails ) , Lady of the Lake ( Amy Rose ) , Galahad ( Silver the Hedgehog ) , Lamorak ( Jet the Hawk ) , regular Shadow , regular Knuckles , regular Blaze and King Arthur .
Plot
A wizard named Merlina , granddaughter of Merlin , attempts to flee from a black knight and their forces . Cornered , they perform a spell calling forth a champion to save her , summoning Sonic the Hedgehog . As they retreat , Merlina explains to Sonic that the black knight is actually King Arthur , who has been corrupted by the immortality granted by Excalibur 's scabbard , and that Sonic must defeat them to restore peace to the kingdom . With Sonic 's speed alone being insufficient to defeat the King , they take up the talking sword Caliburn .
At Caliburn 's suggestion , Sonic meets up with the Lady of the Lake , Nimue ( this world 's version of Amy Rose ) , who tests Sonic to prove they are a worthy Knight . After completing their tasks , Nimue tells them that they must collect the sacred swords wielded by Lancelot , Gawain and Percival of the Round Table ( this world 's versions of Shadow , Knuckles and Blaze respectively ) in order to dispel the immortality granted by Excalibur 's scabbard . Defeating each of the Knights , Sonic claims all three swords and challenges the King once more , destroying him .
Sonic takes the scabbard back to Merlina , who reveals that there was never any King Arthur , and what they defeated was an illusion created by their grandfather Merlin , with Merlina manipulating Sonic in order to claim Excalibur 's scabbard as their own . Merlina plans to use its power to make the kingdom changeless and eternal in hopes of averting the kingdom 's fate from the legends . However , their plan is completely flawed , as such a world , going against the natural order of things , would not function properly , and it would come at the cost of innocent lives . They summon the underworld directly into the kingdom , creating the Dark Hollow and forcing Sonic and the Knights to flee . Nimue explains that the sacred swords can be used to form a barrier to prevent the Dark Hollow 's spread , so Sonic and the Knights split up and journey to the kingdom 's corners to form the barrier , but it proves to be too weak and the hollow continues to grow .
Sonic enters the Dark Hollow themselves to confront Merlina , who has now become the Dark Queen , but they prove too powerful , destroying Caliburn and badly injuring Sonic . Seeing Sonic 's continued resolve to stop the witch , Nimue and the Knights give Sonic the power of the sacred swords to restore Caliburn – now revealed to be the true Excalibur – and Sonic transforms into an armored super form called Excalibur Sonic . They defeat Merlina , destroying the Dark Hollow . After the battle , Sonic tells Merlina that , while everything has an end , people should live their lives to the fullest until that day comes . With King Arthur revealed as an illusion , the Knights of the Round Table prepare to disband , but Caliburn reminds them that they are the one who chooses the true king , now revealed to be Sonic .
In a post-credits cutscene , Sonic returns to their world and tells Amy about their adventures , but they believe it to be an excuse for missing their planned date . The game ends in a similar manner to Sonic and the Secret Rings , with the title of the book King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table changing to Sonic and the Black Knight .
Development and release
Sonic and the Black Knight was first revealed at Nintendo 's pre-Tokyo Game Show ( TGS ) 2008 press conference . Developer Sonic Team , a subsidiary of publisher Sega , decided to focus on combat and cinematic presentation for the game rather than the level design-oriented Sonic Unleashed ( 2008 ) .
Music
Face to Faith : Sonic and the Black Knight Vocal Trax is the game 's official vocal songs soundtrack that was released on April 8 , 2009 in Japan . It features five vocal tracks that were featured in the game , with `` Seven Rings in Hand ~Fairytales in Trance~ '' by Bentley Jones and `` With Me ~Massive Power Mix~ '' by Crush 40 as brand-new bonus tracks created especially for the album .
Tales of Knighthood : Sonic and the Black Knight Original Soundtrax is the game 's original soundtrack . It was released by Wave Music Entertainment in Japan on April 8 , 2009 .
Reception
Sonic and the Black Knight was met with mixed reviews from critics . It received a score of 55.19 % on GameRankings and 54/100 on Metacritic , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' . The game entered the Japanese sales chart at 30th place , and the North American Wii charts at tenth . It was de-listed in 2010 , following on from Sega 's decision to remove all Sonic titles with mixed Metacritic scores from retail stores in order to increase the value of the brand after positive reviews for Sonic the Hedgehog 4 : Episode I and Sonic Colors .
IGNs Matt Casamassina praised the game 's visuals and the overall presentation , but went on to state that the gameplay was `` broken '' and cited the controls as `` unresponsive '' . GameDaily criticized the `` repetitive combat , easy missions and limited controls keep it from greatness , '' but acknowledged its `` attractive presentation , decent combat and bonus content . '' Chris Scullion from the UK 's Official Nintendo Magazine praised the game 's visuals and soundtrack , but criticized the swordplay mechanics and multiplayer element . GameSpot 's Carolyn Petit noted that , while the sword is useful slashing through enemies , there is a noticeable delay from the time swinging the Wii Remote and the time Sonic actually swings .
Notes
References
External links
Official website
2009 video games
3D platform games
Fantasy video games
Sega video games
Sonic Team games
Video games based on Arthurian legend
Video games scored by Howard Drossin
Video games scored by Jun Senoue
Video games scored by Lennie Moore
Video games scored by Richard Jacques
Video games scored by Tommy Tallarico
Video games about parallel universes
Video games set in castles
Video game sequels
Wii-only games
Wii Wi-Fi games
Wii games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Sonic the Hedgehog spin-off games
Video games developed in Japan
Maksutov ( ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Maksutova . It may refer to
Dmitri Dmitrievich Maksutov ( 1896–1964 ) , Russian optician and astronomer
Dmitri Petrovich Maksutov ( 1832–1889 ) , Imperial Russian Navy rear-admiral and last Governor of Russian America
Pavel Maksutov ( 1825–1882 ) , Imperial Russian Navy rear-admiral , prince , hero of Crimean War and 15th governor of Taganrog
Russian-language surnames
Extinction Level Event 2 : The Wrath of God is the tenth studio album by American rapper Busta Rhymes . The album features guest appearances from Kendrick Lamar , Mariah Carey , Anderson .Paak , Q-Tip , Rick Ross , Mary J. Blige , Rapsody , Ol ' Dirty Bastard , Rakim , Pete Rock , Vybz Kartel , Bell Biv DeVoe , M.O.P. , Nikki Grier , Chris Rock , and Louis Farrakhan . It is a sequel to 1998 's E.L.E . ( Extinction Level Event ) : The Final World Front , and their first studio album since 2012 's Year Of The Dragon .
The album was met with generally favorable reviews . The album debuted at number seven on the US Billboard 200 chart , earning 38,000 album-equivalent units in its first week .
Background
Busta Rhymes first announced the album in 2013 . Over the course of 2014 , Busta Rhymes continued to do interviews promoting the album , and released the singles `` Twerk It '' featuring Nicki Minaj , `` Thank You '' featuring Q-Tip , Lil Wayne and Kanye West , and `` Calm Down '' featuring Eminem . Despite the heavy promotion around this time , promotion for the album ceased completely in July 2014 , when it was announced that Rhymes had amicably departed Cash Money Records .
The album was announced once again on August 17 , 2020 , via a YouTube video starring Chris Rock . It released officially on October 30 , 2020 . The `` Reloaded '' version of the album released on November 2 , 2020 , featuring three brand-new tracks and the previously-released 2014 single `` Calm Down '' with Eminem . An official deluxe edition was also released later that month on November 27 , 2020 , not only featuring the bonus tracks from the Reloaded reissue , but also four more extra tracks , including a remix of `` Czar '' with new verses by M.O.P . and rapper CJ .
Singles
The album 's lead single `` The Don and the Boss '' , featuring Vybz Kartel and J-Doe , was released on August 21 , 2020 . The album 's second single `` YUUUU '' featuring Anderson .Paak was released on September 18 , 2020 . `` Where I Belong '' featuring Mariah Carey was released as the album 's third single on April 7 , 2021 , and is set to be released to American rhythmic contemporary radio stations on April 13 .
Critical reception
Extinction Level Event 2 : The Wrath of God was met with generally favorable reviews . At Metacritic , which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications , the album received an average score of 71 , based on six reviews .
Commercial performance
Extinction Level Event 2 : The Wrath of God debuted at number seven on the US Billboard 200 chart , earning 38,000 album-equivalent units ( including 17,000 copies as pure album sales ) in its first week . This became Busta Rhymes ' seventh US top-ten album . The album also accumulated a total of 27.78 million on-demand streams of the album 's songs that week .
Track listing
Charts
References
2020 albums
Busta Rhymes albums
Sequel albums
Albums produced by DJ Premier
Albums produced by Pete Rock
Albums produced by Nottz
Albums produced by 9th Wonder
Albums produced by Jahlil Beats
Albums produced by J Dilla
Albums produced by Rockwilder
Albums produced by Focus ...
Albums produced by Hi-Tek
Albums produced by Terrace Martin
Albums produced by Murda Beatz
Albums produced by DJ Scratch
Albums produced by Swizz Beatz
Albums produced by Rick Rock
Conglomerate ( record label ) albums
Empire Distribution albums
Christian Dale Millar ( born 23 November 1989 ) , is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Newcastle Town .
Football career
Millar started their career in Stoke City 's youth academy system playing through from the youngest age bracket to the under 18 's side where they failed to gain a YT contract . From there Millar went on several trials and open days to find a club resulting in their signing on with Macclesfield Town . They made their debut in January 2008 against Morecambe coming on as a substitute . In December 2008 , Millar went to Stafford Rangers on a one month 's loan spell . After impressing in their first month , their loan spell was extended to three months in which Millar was a valued member of the side contributing with two goals .
Millar signed for Buxton in August 2009 after being released by Macclesfield despite being invited back by Stafford for pre-season training .
They then joined Witton Albion before moving to Leek Town in September 2010 , and then re-signing again on non-contract terms for the 2011 season .
They left Leek in October 2012 having made 82 appearances scoring six goals . They then moved to Newcastle Town .
References
External links
Millar 's Official Macclesfield Profile
Footballers from Stoke-on-Trent
Association football midfielders
English footballers
Macclesfield Town F.C . players
Stafford Rangers F.C . players
Buxton F.C . players
English Football League players
1989 births
Living people
Leek Town F.C . players
Witton Albion F.C . players
Northern Premier League players
Newcastle Town F.C . players
Pishgun ( , also Romanized as Pīshgūn ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . According to the 2006 census , its population was 256 , spanning 57 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Kurilian means `` of or having to do with the Kuril Islands '' . It may more specifically refer to :
The geography or other features of the Kuril Islands ( also called Kurile , Kurilsky , Kurilskiye , or Chishima Islands )
Peoples of the Kuril Islands :
Ainu people ( original inhabitants )
Japanese people ( settlers from 1869 to 1946 )
Russian people ( settlers from 1943 to present )
Kurilian dispute or Kuril Islands dispute – conflict between Russia and Japan over the southern Kuril Islands
Kurilian Bobtail , a breed of domestic cat
See also
Karelian ( disambiguation )
Bagautdin Umakhanov ( born 2 June 1971 in Khasavyurt ) is a Russian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
1971 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Russia
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Russian male sport wrestlers
People from Khasavyurt
Sportspeople from Dagestan
Phyllonorycter ledella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Québec , Canada , and California , United States . The species is listed as endangered in Connecticut .
The wingspan is 9–10 mm .
The larvae feed on Rhododendron columbianum . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf , sometimes covering the whole leaf area .
References
ledella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1889
These are the results of the women 's singles competition in badminton at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games in Jakarta .
Medalists
Draw
References
Results
Badminton at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
South
Erigeron oreophilus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae , called the chaparral fleabane . It is native to northern Mexico ( Chihuahua , Durango , Sonora ) and the southwestern United States ( Arizona , New Mexico ) .
Erigeron oreophilus is a perennial herb up to 90 centimeters ( 3 feet ) tall , with a large taproot . Leaves are pinnatifid with long narrow lobes . The plant generally produces an array of numerous flower heads per stem , each head with up to 75–130 white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets . The species grows in rocky , open locations in grasslands and conifer woodlands .
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden , collected in Chihuahua in 1888 , type specimen of Achaetogeron pringlei , syn of Erigeron oreophilus
Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center , University of Texas
Flora of the Southwestern United States
oreophilus
Plants described in 1906
Neu-Homburg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Läufelfingen of the Canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Basel-Landschaft
Castles in Basel-Landschaft
The Heathcote Wine Region of Victoria , Australia , is nestled between the Goulburn Valley and Bendigo regions . The region is famous for its Shiraz production .
Geography
North of the Great Dividing Range the region is at elevations between . The climate and soils are strongly influenced by the Mt Camel range that extends from Corop to Tooborac . For the most part , the soil under vine is Cambrian - red and deep with excellent water holding capacity . The region 's rainfall is evenly distributed between the seasons and the temperature range is defined as temperate , with cooling winds emanating from the south resulting in summer temperatures two to three degrees cooler than nearby Bendigo .
Wines
The oldest Shiraz vines on the Cambrian soil were planted by Albino Zuber in the late 1960s on a site that has now been acquired by Shadowfax Winery . The Heathcote wine region includes wineries such as ; Merindoc , McIvor Estate , Heathcote Winery , Wild Duck Creek , Sanguine , Humis Vineyard and many more .
References
Wine regions of Victoria ( Australia )
Regions of Victoria ( Australia )
Roy Kusumoto is an American business person who founded Solectron in 1977 . They started the company as a small assembly shop that under the input of Winston Chen and Ko Nishimura would grow into an electronics manufacturing giant with over $ 20 billion in sales and 65,000 employees .
Kusomoto had worked at Atari and founded another company Optical Diodes before starting Solectron . Originally intended as a solar energy company , Solectron first took up work as a peak period manufacturing service provider to Silicon Valley companies as a way of raising funds for the original solar purpose , but this pursuit in this sector never materialized .
References
American technology company founders
American computer businesspeople
American people of Japanese descent
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Woolerton is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Caine Woolerton ( born 1999 ) , Welsh rugby player
Doug Woolerton ( born 1944 ) , New Zealand politician
Manuel Álvarez ( c.1794 - 5 July 1856 ) was a Spanish-born Santa Fe trader who became lieutenant-governor of New Mexico .
Trader
Manuel Álvarez was born in Spain around 1794 .
In 1818 they left Spain , reaching Mexico in 1819 .
In 1823 they left Mexico and travelled via Cuba to Missouri , then continued from St. Louis west to Santa Fe , New Mexico ,
where they opened a store .
The Mexican republic had gained independence from Spain during the Mexican War of Independence ( 1810-1821 ) .
In 1829 the Mexican government expelled all Spanish nationals , so Álvarez had to leave New Mexico .
For a few years Álvarez was a free trapper in the Rocky Mountain fur trade , then a brigade leader for the American Fur Company ,
returning to Santa Fe around 1834 .
On 21 March 1839 they were appointed United States consul at Santa Fe .
They did not receive a formal `` exequator '' from the government of Mexico ,
but was informally permitted to act as consul by the governor .
They reached Santa Fe in July 1839 , finding no seal , flag , coat of arms or other normal consular equipment when they arrived .
The Texan Santa Fe Expedition of 1841 , which the Mexicans saw as a military invasion , created a crisis in Santa Fe . The local American merchants were subject to popular and official attacks . When the expedition approached Santa Fe , Alvares asked Governor Manuel Armijo for permission to go out and talk with the leader , but was refused . Alvarez later was wounded and narrowly escaped death from an angry crowd .
This crisis blew over , and Álvarez served as acting consul until the U.S. occupation in 1846 .
Álvarez 's store became one of the largest in New Mexico .
They were a resourceful individual , `` an artful dodger and a pragmatist of the highest order '' , and became a wealthy and influential member of Santa Fe society both before and after the U.S. took control . They were critical of the Mexican government but a friend of the Mexicans , although they said of them , `` They were too gullible , especially to the polished chicanery of American Merchants . ''
Based on a letter from fellow trader Auguste Lacome to Álvarez , French was among the languages they spoke .
U.S. politician
On 18 March 1846 Álvarez was appointed the commercial agent of the United States at Santa Fe ,
receiving their commission after General Stephen W. Kearny entered the city on 15 August 1846 and took control of New Mexico for the United States .
After the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo had been signed in February 1848 , Álvarez strongly supported admitting New Mexico into the union as a state .
On 20 June 1850 a popular vote ratified the New Mexico `` state '' constitution , and Álvarez was elected lieutenant-governor of New Mexico .
For a period they were acting Governor while Governor Henry Connelly was absent .
However , the military Governor John Munroe forbade the assumption of civil power by the elected officials .
The result was a deadlock that lasted for several months .
On 9 September 1850 the U.S. Senate passed a compromise bill that included an act to organize a government for New Mexico as a territory , and this overrode the state legislature . James S. Calhoun was appointed governor with effect as of 3 March 1851 , succeeding John Munroe . Álvarez served as an official in the territorial government until their death . They died at Santa Fe on 5 July 1856 .
See also
Auguste Lacome
References
Citations
Sources
Further reading
1794 births
1856 deaths
Members of the New Mexico Territorial Legislature
People from Santa Fe , New Mexico
Businesspeople from New Mexico
Spanish emigrants to the United States
19th-century American businesspeople
19th-century American politicians
Ramakrushna Nanda ( 15 February 1906 – 28 October 1994 ) was an Indian writer , educator and author of children 's literature . They composed the song Ahe Dayamaya Biswa Bihari , a favourite of Mahatma Gandhi when Gandhi was at Sabarmati Ashram . This song was included in their Odia-language textbook Sahitya Sopana .
Biography
Family
Nanda 's father was Madhusudan Nanda ( d. 1892 ) . Their mother died in 1951 . In 1925 , Nanda married Soudamini Devi ( d. 13 August 1988 ) . They had eight daughters and one son . Nanda 's elder brother was Balakrushna Nanda ( teacher ) and younger brothers were Radhakrushna Nanda ( an eminent Drama writer cum artist and owner of Ichhapur Jatra Mandali , writer of many drama books and Niyati songs ) and Dinakrushna Nanda .
Their son is Er Prabhat Kumar Nanda , a retired Chief Engineer ( RWSS ) . Their daughter-in-law is Smt Anasuya Nanda , who is an eminent writer and singer . They are the editor of the Odia Children 's magazine Sansar ( founded by Ramakrushna Nanda ) .
Education
Nanda was born at Bairoi village of Cuttack District in Odisha and educated in the village of Kantapada , and at the Revenshwa collegiate school , Cuttack . They wrote for a school magazine , Chandrika . At the time of Independence of India , Nanda was inspired by a local leader , Gopobandhu and became a Swecha Sebaka , a volunteer . They stayed in Alkasrama , until continuing their studies at Satybadi Jatiya Bidyalaya , where they learnt Devnagiri , a type of Indian alphabet . Nanda also matriculated from the English medium school and later received a bachelor of education .
Career
Nanda began their career as a teacher at Banki school . They were then , for six years , an assistant teacher at Baripada high school . In 1933 , Nanda became a social worker . They began a local welfare organization called Narayan Samiti . They were also a principal at Bhingarpur high school .
Writing
Nanda 's first textbook in the Odia language was Sahitya Sopana . In 1946 , they left their job and came back to Cuttack . On 21 July 1947 , Nanda opened Parijata press . In August 1952 , they began the Sansar magazine . The press closed in 1961 . In retirement , Nanda wrote children 's books and songs . Of the form nanabaya , ( nonsense rhyme ) , Nanda said , ''
`` Unintelligibility or irrelevance does not reduce the value of nanbaya . The rhythm and style is unique . Sometimes the meanings are unclear or impossible to ascertain . In English , some of these rhymes are called 'nonsense ' or meaningless rhymes . By defying the metrical prescriptions and grammatical conventions , the spontaneity of these rhymes endear themselves to children . ''
Lyricist
Nanda 's lyrics for Aahe Dayamaya Bishwa Bihari and Holi Holi Re Holi Ranga Rangeli Nali . were used in the 1978 film , Balidaan .
Bibliography
1930 – Tulsidas
1931 – Tulsidas Dohabali
1933 – Pratidhwani
1934 – 37 – Sahitya Sopana
1938 – Sahitya Bodha
1940 – Rachna Darpana
1944 – 45 – Patha Sopana
1936–46 – Sangram O Sadhana ( Part 1 and Part 2 )
1948 – Don Quixoti ( Translation )
1949 – Bigyanara Kuhuka
1962 – Biswa Parichaya ( Oriya Bhasa Kosha )
1969 – Jibana Taranga .
1975 – Jhumuka
1977–84 – Chaati Gacha series ( Athara Phula , Kodie Phula , Baisi Phula , Teisi Phula , Chabisi Phula , Subarna Seu , Marana Doli , Sagara Kanya )
1982 – Oriya Sishu sahitya and sangita Sankalana
1982 – Prakurtira Galpapuri
1982 – Indradhanu ( translation )
1983 – Ama Bana Jangala Katha ( translation )
1983 – Ama Sarira ( translation )
1984 – Suna Pahacha
1984 – Ama Jatiya Pasu , Jatiya Pakhi
1985 – Ama Jatiya Pataka O Jatiya Sangita , Jatiya Puspa O Jatiya Pratika
1986 – Jibana Rahasya
1988 – Ratna Pakhuda ( Part 1 and Part 2 )
1989 – Satra Phula
1989 – Adekha Banara Phula
1989 – Pachatantra Kahani ( Part 1 , 2 and 3 )
1992 – Lekhanira Pathasala
1993 – Bhabi Dekhantu
1994 – Tuntunira Bahi
1994 – Biswa Parichaya ( 2nd edition )
References
1906 births
1994 deaths
Indian children 's writers
Indian male composers
Indian music educators
People from Cuttack district
Writers from Odisha
Odia-language writers
Recipients of the Odisha Sahitya Akademi Award
20th-century Indian composers
20th-century Indian writers
20th-century male musicians
Michelle Hoover is an American writer and college instructor . They are the author of The Quickening , a 2010 novel .
Biography
They were born in Ames , Iowa , but currently lives in Boston , Massachusetts . They were selected as the Philip Roth Writer-in-Residence at Bucknell University . They were a MacDowell Fellow from the MacDowell Colony . They have taught writing at Boston University and , since 2014 , teaches at Brandeis University as the Fannie Hurst writer-in-residence . They also teach at GrubStreet , where they co-founded the Novel Incubator program . They have an MFA from University of Massachusetts Amherst . In 2014 they were selected as the National Endowment of the Arts Individual Artist Fellowship .
Works
Hoover is a contributor to the Best New American Voices anthology . They have also published short stories and novel excerpts in literary journals , including Prairie Schooner , Confrontation , StoryQuarterly , and The Massachusetts Review . In 2005 they won the PEN/New England Discovery Award for Fiction .
Them novel , The Quickening , was published in 2010 by Other Press ( ) . It was based on their own family history and a journal their grandmother , Melva Current , wrote during the Great Depression . It was shortlisted for the Center for Fiction 's Flaherty-Dunnan First Novel Prize , was a finalist for the Indies Choice Debut in 2010 , was a finalist in the Literary Fiction category for Foreword Magazine 's 2010 Book of the Year Awards , and was a 2010 Massachusetts Book Award `` Must Read '' pick . Poets and Writers magazine picked The Quickening as one of its Top 5 Debut novels in 2010 .
Them second novel , Bottomland ( ) , was published on March 1 , 2016 , by Grove Press , Black Cat . It was chosen as the 2017 All Iowa Reads selection .
References
Living people
21st-century American women writers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Writers from Boston
Writers from Iowa
Boston University faculty
Brandeis University faculty
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
Jodi White is a Canadian philanthropist and political operative who served as Chief of Staff to the Prime Minister under Kim Campbell in 1993 .
Career
White 's career began as a television news reporter and as a radio producer . White once held the post of President of the Public Policy Forum , an independent , national , non-profit organization with a mandate to promote better public policy and better public management through dialogue among leaders from the public , private , labour and voluntary sectors . They were the Vice President of corporate affairs at Imasco Ltd. , the founder of Sydney House and co-founder of Neville Group .
White is the first woman in Canadian history to lead a national election campaign . They directed the 1997 national election campaign of then Progressive Conservative Party of Canada leader Jean Charest . White also sits on the board of directors for the Canadian International Council .
They were awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal in 2012 . On December 13 , 2013 , White was invested as a Member of the Order of Canada for their role in `` promoting civic dialogue in Canada [ and ] ... social and environmental philanthropy '' .
They sit on the board Tides Canada , the National Theatre School , the Canadian Institute of International Affairs , the Southern Africa Education Trust Fund , Bishop 's University , and Ottawa General Hospital .
Personal life
White holds a Bachelor of Arts in political science from the University of Toronto and a Bachelor of Arts ( Honours ) in journalism from Carleton University . While there , they joined the sorority Alpha Phi .
References
Canadian journalists
Carleton University alumni
Living people
University of Toronto alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Chiefs of staff of the Canadian Prime Minister 's Office
Canadian women in federal politics
Canadian campaign managers
Members of the Order of Canada
Bookitbee is an online event booking system which allows users to sell tickets and promote events . The system was designed to give small events the same access to professional ticketing and promotional services as their larger counterparts .
The company was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Penshurst , Kent . Revenue is created by charging a percentage of ticket sales .
Founders
Bookitbee was founded by Kenton Ward ( CEO ) and Frank Di Mauro in October 2012 . Prior to founding Bookitbee , both Ward and Di Mauro were involved in the creation of Compound Partners Ltd. Di Mauro has been the owner of DMI Creative since 1998 and holds a BSC in Architecture Planning & Building from University College London . Ward has previously worked as the managing director of Touch Associates Limited and as Head of Strategic Accounts at Squiz . They hold a BA Hons in International Business Management with Russian from Northumbria University .
Funding
The firm has received funding in the past from Jenson Solutions . In early 2016 , Bookitbee secured a new funding deal with ARC InterCapital . The deal includes private funding from Jenson Solutions and government body , Scottish Enterprise .
Products
Bookitbee has a web-based app which can be used to manage events and to check in attendees ; it is compatible with mobile browsers .
Competition
Bookitbee offers its services as a self-service platform or offers `` Full Service Ticketing '' with additional managed services for larger event organisers .
References
Further reading
`` Bookitbee aims to become top online ticketing firm in UK with turnover of £5m so far and aims to employ 30 staff within three years '' . KM Group .
`` Celebrity naked picture scandal improves business for Bookitbee in Hever who keep online data in UK and document shredder Shred First UK , Gravesend '' . Group .
`` Bookitbee Buzzes as It Goes Global '' . The Kent and Sussex Courier .
Companies based in Kent
Ticket sales companies
Event management companies of the United Kingdom
Francis Henry Egerton , 8th Earl of Bridgewater , ( 11 November 1756 – 11 February 1829 ) , known as Francis Egerton until 1823 , was a noted British eccentric from the Egerton family and supporter of natural theology .
Egerton was a Church of England clergyman who held the rectories of Myddle ( 1781 ) and Whitchurch ( 1797 ) in Shropshire , but the duties were performed by a proxy . They succeeded their brother John in the earldom in 1823 , and spent the latter part of their life in Paris . They were a fair scholar , and a zealous naturalist and antiquarian . When they died in February 1829 the earldom became extinct .
Early life
Born in London in 1756 , Egerton was the younger son of John Egerton , Bishop of Durham and Anne Sophia Grey . They were educated at Eton and Christ Church , Oxford where they gained their Bachelor of Arts in 1776 , and became a fellow of All Souls in 1780 , and Fellow of the Royal Society in 1781 . They inherited their title and a large fortune in 1823 from their brother , the 7th Earl .
Career
Egerton was eccentric . According to the Parisian police , Egerton kept dogs and cats in their house which they dressed as ladies and gentlemen and would take them with them in their carriage . they kept partridges and pigeons with clipped wings in their garden , allowing them to shoot them despite failing eyesight . They never married , and upon their death , their title became extinct . They were buried at Little Gaddesden , Hertfordshire .
In the early 17th century , Thomas Egerton , 1st Viscount Brackley , had purchased Ashridge House , one of the largest country houses in England , from Queen Elizabeth I , who had inherited it from their father who had appropriated it after the dissolution of the monasteries in 1539 . Ashridge House served the Egerton family as a residence until the 19th century . The Egertons later had a family chapel ( the Bridgewater Chapel ) with burial vault in Little Gaddesden Church , where many monuments commemorate the Dukes and Earls of Bridgewater and their families .
Arts and science
They were invested as a Fellow of the Royal Society ( F.R.S . ) on 8 November 1781 and as a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London ( F.S.A . ) on 31 March 1791 .
In 1812 they wrote `` Description du Plan Incliné Souterrain '' about the underground canals of the Worsley Navigable Levels , coal mines in Worsley , Greater Manchester , part of the Bridgewater estate .
A Freemason who had been Initiated in France , from 10th August 1786 until 1800 Egerton was Provincial Grand Master for Shropshire and North Wales , adding Staffordshire , Flint , Denbighshire and Montgomeryshire to their responsibilities in 1791 . For all that this was an extensive area , the duties associated with the position at that time were light , and in many cases ( up to 1795 ) left in the hands of their Deputy/Provincial Grand Secretary Charles Shirreff . The Secretary of Whitchurch Lodge no . 1 , John Collier , was one of the curates who deputised for Egerton at the church in the town .
Death and bequests
At their death their titles became extinct .
They bequeathed to the British Museum the valuable Egerton Manuscripts , consisting of 67 manuscripts dealing with the literature of France and Italy , and £12,000 to establish the Egerton Fund from which the Museum could purchase additional manuscripts . More than 3800 manuscripts have been purchased using the Egerton fund .
They also left £8,000 at the disposal of the president of the Royal Society , to be paid to the author or authors who might be selected to write and publish 1000 copies of a treatise `` On the Power , Wisdom and Goodness of God , as manifested in the Creation '' . The resulting eight Bridgewater Treatises first appeared between 1833 and 1836 , and afterwards in Bohn 's Scientific Library .
See also
Egerton Collection
Notes
References
cite :
Attribution :
Further reading
Topham , Jonathan ( 2022 ) . Reading the Book of Nature How Eight Best Sellers Reconnected Christianity and the Sciences on the Eve of the Victorian Age . University of Chicago Press . ISBN 9-780-226-81576-3 .
08
Ordained peers
1756 births
1829 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Christ Church , Oxford
Francis
Fellows of the Royal Society
Octave Féré , real name Charles Octave Moget , ( 11 October 1815 – 21 April 1875 ) was a minor 19th-century French writer .
Féré contributed to the magazine and also participated to the writing of many plays by the dramatist Saint-Yves , including for example Les Amours du comte de Bonneval in 1866 .
Works
19th-century French writers
Writers from Tours , France
1815 births
1875 deaths
MTV Hits is an Australian and New Zealand subscription music channel focused on hit music . The channel first launched in Australia in April 2007 ( as The Music Factory ) , and later launched in New Zealand on 1 December 2011 .
The channel closed on 1 December 2015 to be replaced in all markets by MTV Music , but was revived 5 years later on 1 July 2020 as a rebranding of MTV Music .
History
MTV Hits Australia & Hits first launched as TMF Australia in April 2007 on the Optus Television pay TV service and allowed viewers to interact with the channel via the web and mobile ( 3G Network ) commencing on 22 June 2007 . Unlike sister channel MTV , the channel only played music related programming . The channel was said to be picked up by cable TV providers Foxtel and Austar as a standalone channel soon , but was available via the interactive My MTV Service .
Relaunch as MTV Hits
TMF was relaunched as MTV Hits on 1 November 2010 . The channel later launched in New Zealand on Sky Television on 1 December 2011 .
On 1 July 2011 MTV International channels launched new logos
Cessation of Service in Australia
On 29 October 2013 , MTV announced they had been working with Foxtel since early 2013 to offer more diversity on the Foxtel platform , as MTV Classic and MTV Hits fought for the same audience as Foxtel Networks channels MAX and [ V ] Hits respectively . The channel to replace MTV Hits is MTV Music , the number one UK music channel , which will feature Pop , Rock , urban and alternative music . Although MTV Classic and MTV Hits will no longer be available on Foxtel , they will continue to be offered by Australian IPTV service Fetch TV and New Zealand pay TV provider Sky Television . The changes took place on 3 December 2013 .
On 16 December 2013 , FetchTV announced via their Facebook page that as of 1 January 2014 , MTV Music would replace MTV Hits on their service , as was done by Foxtel the month earlier . This meant that MTV Hits would become exclusively available in New Zealand .
Closure of channel in New Zealand
On 1 December 2015 , Sky Television replaced MTV Hits ( and sister channel MTV Classic ) with a localized version of MTV Music . Ultimately , this resulted in the closure of the channel , as Sky was the last remaining provider of MTV Hits .
Revival
On 1 July 2020 , the channel returned to Foxtel channel 801 , taking the slot of Channel [ V ] and replacing MTV Music , alongside Fetch TV and Sky ( New Zealand ) .
Programming
Current Shows ( 2020-onwards )
Mornings on MTV
Best of the Week : Top 30
Trending Right Now
The Evolution of ...
Most Shazammed : Top 30
After Party
Official Global Chart
Up Late on MTV
Billboard Chart
Weekend Vibes Only
Wake Up with MTV
Hip Hop x RnB Party
MTV Upload
Fresh Finds by MTV
Local Finds by MTV
MTV House Party
Most Streamed Songs
After Hours
Previous programmes
My Pix – Music videos are played while viewers ' answers to questions are shown
Today 's Most Wanted – Music played as voted by viewers on the MTV website
U Control – Music chosen by a single viewer
Double Play – 2 songs , of a certain artist , back-to-back are played
MTV Hits Top 30 – The top 30 songs in the country
30 Biggest Tracks Right Now – The top 30 songs in the country
10 Biggest Tracks Right Now – The top 10 songs in the country
Fresh Vid – The Newest video by a certain artist . The artist 's name is also in the title , Fresh Vid : Reece Mastin , for example
Burst Of ... – A few songs of a certain artist is played . The artist 's name is also in the title , Burst Of ... Timomatic , for example
Nothing But MTV Hits – Songs played at nighttime
Pop Hits Top 6 – The top 6 pop songs in the country
Party Hits – Party songs
MTV News – The news as told by MTV
Brekkie Hits – Songs played in the early hours
Urban Hits Top 6 '' – The top 6 urban songs in the country
... vs ... '' – Songs are played by two different artists , One Direction vs. Justin Bieber , for example
MTV Download Charts – Songs played according to the download charts
# Hits – Music videos are played out while viewers ' answer to questions posted on MTV Hits ' Facebook and Twitter accounts .
TMF Shows
Study Free Zone
Booty Beats
Daily Downloads
Top 6 at 6
Eye Candy
Snitch and Bitch
Fresh New Ones
TMF Top 20 Download
TMF X2
Top 20 Theme :
Top 20 Australian Charts
Top 20 Pop
Top 20 Rock
Top 20 Urban
Ultimate Top 100
Vidcast – Videos that are created by viewers on mobile phones and are aired on the show .
Logos
References
External links
MTV channels
Music video networks in Australia
Music video networks in New Zealand
English-language television stations in Australia
English-language television stations in New Zealand
Television channels and stations established in 2007
Television channels and stations established in 2011
2011 establishments in New Zealand
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2014
2014 disestablishments in Australia
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2015
2015 disestablishments in New Zealand
Television channels and stations established in 2020
2020 establishments in Australia
2020 establishments in New Zealand
Television channel articles with incorrect naming style
Essex County , Ontario County Council Elections were held on October 27 , 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .
Essex County Council
Essex County Council consists of the 7 mainland mayors of Essex County and their seven deputy mayors . Pelee Island is considered a `` separate township , '' and is not represented on County council but is included on this list .
Amherstburg
Essex
Kingsville
Lakeshore
LaSalle
Leamington
Tecumseh
Pelee ( separated township )
References
Essex
Essex County , Ontario
Juana Valdés ( born 1963 ) is a multi-disciplinary artist and an associate professor at the University of Massachusetts Amherst . Them works examine Afro-Cuban migration through the lens of material culture and personal experience . Valdés 's work in ceramics , printmaking , video , and installation explores the colonial and imperial economies that tie the transoceanic movement of people and political ideologies across Asia , Africa , Europe , and the Americas . Them installations and photographs of mass-produced decorative objects chart the history of colonial trade in conversation with their sub-Saharan and East Asian ancestry , demonstrating that the ancestry of black and brown populations is inextricably linked to trade and globalization . Valdés works with a wide range of source material that reflects the impact of global networks of exchange on contemporary issues of transcultural identity , displacement and migration , and the climate crisis .
Biography
Valdés was born in Cabañas , Pinar Del Rio , Cuba in 1963 . They migrated to Miami with their mother , brother and sister in 1971 ; their father arrived a year later . Them work is , in part , informed by this early experience of migration , their childhood memories of Cuba , and adjusting to life in the United States .
Education
They received their B.F.A . in Sculpture from the Parsons School of Design in 1991 and their M.F.A . in Fine Arts from the School of Visual Arts in 1993 . They attended the Skowhegan School of Painting & Sculpture in 1995 after receiving a Cosby Fellowship .
Professional academic career
Valdés ' career as an academic started in 1996 when they were invited by Bard College to teach Studio Art and exhibit a site-specific installation in the Fisher Arts Building , where Judy Pfaff and William Tucker were co-chairs the Department . From 2002 to 2005 Valdés participated in the Artist-Teacher MFA program in the Visual Arts Department at Vermont College of Norwich University . During that time , Valdés led a Digital Screen Print Workshop in the Yale School of Art at Yale University in 2004 . Starting in 2005 , Valdés taught sculpture as an adjunct professor in the College of Arts and Letters Art and Technology program at the Stevens Institute of Technology . Between 2005 and 2010 Valdés taught Studio Art at Brooklyn College , City University of New York ( CUNY ) before joining the faculty at Florida Atlantic University as an Assistant Professor of Printmaking in the Department of Visual Arts and Art History from 2010 to 2015 . In 2015 , Valdés was an Associate Professor of Printmaking in the Department of Art in the College of Humanities and Fine Arts at the University of Massachusetts Amherst , where they were awarded tenure .
Art career
Valdés 's work has been exhibited in over 100 museums and galleries nationally and internationally , including spaces such as El Museo del Barrio , Whitebox Gallery , and P.S . 1 Contemporary Art Center . Them work is held in museums and private collections throughout the United States , including the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture and the Newark Museum .
Them work has been favorably reviewed in journals such as Art in America , Frieze , Latinx Spaces , Miami Herald , Berlin Art Link , Santa Fe New Mexican , South Florida Sun-Sentinel , Newcity Art , El Nuevo Herald , The New Tropic . Valdés 's work is also the subject of several scholarly publications including Bending Bone China : Juana Valdes ' Politics of the Skin by Josune Urbistondo ( 2015 ) and Latinx Art : Artists/Markets/Politics by Arlene Dávila .
Juana Valdés has received several awards from the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture in 1995 ,
the National Association of Latino Arts and Cultures Fund for the Arts grant in 2016 , the Pollock-Krasner Foundation , Cuban Artist Fund , New York Foundation for the Arts , Netherland-America Foundation , Faculty Research Mentoring Program , Lifelong Learning Society , Oolite Arts Ellies Award , Joan Mitchell Foundation , and Anonymous Was A Woman Award , among others .
Them work can be found in many books including Women and Migration : Responses in Art and History , Relational Undercurrents : Contemporary Art of the Caribbean Archipelago , Four Generations : The Joyner Giuffrida Collection of Abstract Art , Much Wider Than a Line , and Multiplicity : Contemporary Ceramic Sculpture .
Rest Ashore
With Rest Ashore ( 2020 ) at Locust Projects , Valdés incorporated video into their practice for the first time . The multimedia installation at Locust Projects explores how the refugee crisis has been documented and disseminated in mass media throughout the years , both past and present .
The exhibition also featured Waves of Migration : a multimedia sculpture of CRT televisions facing opposite each other , each screen depicting different decades of Cuban migration—the 1960s , 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s—through archival footage to tell the story of each wave of migration . The project continues Valdés 's thematic exploration of bodies of water , which have always played a significant role in their practice and the way they perceive and reimagines the Caribbean .
Throughout their career , Valdés has reexamined their personal experience of migration and how it relates to the current global refugee crisis . According to Valdés , “ My recent work focuses on migration because I see it as one of the most significant issues of the 21st century . 79.5 million people were forcibly displaced worldwide at the end of 2019 . I recently heard on the news that Venezuela would soon replace Syria with the largest number of displaced people . And it is not just countries in war or political conflict . The future will bring climate change refugees , as it already happened with hurricane Katrina . ”
Terrestrial Bodies
Terrestrial Bodies ( 2019 ) resulted from a multi-year process of collecting mass-produced collectible porcelain objects from around the world . Working with the language of anthropology and archeology , Valdés demonstrates how the legacy of colonization is entrenched in institutions , social structures , and , most importantly , in objects . A timeline of their mother 's ancestry , compiled by the genetic testing service 23andMe , roots my family heritage at a crossroads between Africa , Asia , and the Americas , revealing how the ancestry of black and brown populations is inextricably linked to trade and globalization .
Colored Bone China Rags
Valdés created The Colored Rag series by adding skin-toned powder pigments in the clay prior to firing , thereby manipulating its chemical composition and changing its color . The intention is to question the mythology of whiteness as pure relative to notions of Mestizaje in the Caribbean , and link bodies to the physical constitution of bone china and its extraction and displacement as a raw material and commercial good . The Colored China Rags also create visual analogs between rags used by cleaning women , the suppleness of a woman 's body , and the range of skin tones in ethnically mixed communities . Subsequently arranged , the work presents the myth of post-racial America as an increasingly far-fetched utopia .
Solo exhibitions
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
School of Visual Arts alumni
Parsons School of Design alumni
University of Massachusetts Amherst faculty
`` Mon Amour '' is a song recorded by Spanish singer-songwriter Zzoilo . Written by themselves alongside Víctor Galindo and produced by the latter one , it was independently released as Zzoilo 's debut single on December 30 , 2020 , from their upcoming debut studio album . After reaching an unexpected growth in streaming platforms during the following year , a remix featuring Spanish singer Aitana was released on August 17 through Universal Music to boost the record even more . Sung primarily in Spanish but also incorporating French , Euskara , Italian , Portuguese and English , lyrically , `` Mon Amour '' talks about being deeply in love with a partner . Zzoilo described the track as `` good vibes and no drama '' .
The original solo version entered the Spanish charts in July , debuting at 71 and had peaked at five and was certified gold before the release of the remix . The duet version debuted at 58 with only two days of tracking . It eventually topped the chart for six consecutive weeks and was certified four times platinum . `` Mon Amour '' charted in Latin American countries during fall mainly through TikTok , entering the charts in Ecuador , Mexico etc. , where the song peaked at number one on their respective Spotify Top 50 lists .
Background
Originally conceived as a solo song , `` Mon Amour '' was written in one hour in the evening sometime in October 2020 . Zzoilo stated to El Español that `` it was born one night when they could n't sleep , I picked up the guitar and started playing the four simplest chords in the world , with which the vast majority of catchy and simple songs have been written . The lyrics came to me alone . It was five in the morning and the lyrics started like this , although when I finished it , it was six o'clock and I changed it . '' After being sent to VGBases , a close friend of Tuñón , the track went through a lot of recording stages , trying a vast majority of genres to fit the lyrics from reggaeton to rap and acoustic . The final version was recorded in seven hours .
Remix
After the song started to become more popular , singer Aitana tweeted the lyrics to the track on July 25 . Both artists interacted on social media about a possible collaboration , which ended up being the remix to `` Mon Amour '' . The Instagram private message conversation between the two is reflected in the single 's cover . The duet was recorded in Madrid on July 30 . Zzoilo later told the press that Aitana 's work during 2020 and their sophomore album 11 Razones were a huge inspiration for the final conception of the song . They stated `` we played their latest album because the drums seemed spectacular to us and we wanted to make the song in that style . In the end , it did not stay that way . But Aitana has been part of Mon Amour from the beginning '' . The remix was finally released on August 17 to commercial success .
Commercial performance
`` Mon Amour '' has been charting on the Spanish music charts ever since July 5 , 2021 , and , on the week of August 13 , it peaked at number five . The song was certified Gold that same week and Platinum the week after . The remix entered the chart at number 58 with only two days of tracking , jumping to the second position the following week . `` Mon Amour ( Remix ) '' reached the top position on the PROMUSICAE chart in its third week , becoming the number one song in the country for six consecutive weeks . It became Zzoilo 's first-ever number one song and Aitana 's fourth after `` Lo Malo '' , `` Teléfono '' and `` Vas a Quedarte '' . They had n't had a number one song since 2018 . Subsequently , the remix rose to number 1 on the Spotify Spain chart and entered the top 200 on the worldwide Spotify charts . In addition , in the week of September 25 it rose to number 1 on the list of Los 40 .
Live performances
Zzoilo performed `` Mon Amour '' on their gigs and concerts throughout the year . Aitana also added the track to the setlist of their 11 Razones Tour . They performed the song together for the first time during the singer 's concert in Murcia . The first televised performance of `` Mon Amour '' happened during the 2021 Los40 Music Awards .
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2021 songs
2021 singles
Aitana ( singer ) songs
Number-one singles in Spain
Phtheochroa kenyana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Kenya .
The wingspan is about 15 mm for males and 20 mm for females .
Etymology
The species is named for Kenya , the country where the species was collected .
References
Endemic moths of Kenya
Moths described in 2010
Phtheochroa
Chad Ragland ( November 27 , 1970 – January 24 , 2018 Phoenix , Arizona ) was an American winning race car driver and the son of legendary off-road racer Larry Ragland .
Chad first competed in the SCORE International off-road series in an unlimited class one buggy with Volkswagen factory driver , Mark Miller . In 2004 , Chad joined veteran racer Brian Collins and Collins Motorsports . It was here Chad had their first success in the premier Trophy Truck class , leading the majority of the 2005 SCORE Baja 1000 . Mechanical issues kept the victory out of reach and just off the podium with a 4th-place finish .
In 2007 , Chad was asked to join a brand new off-road team , called T Force Motorsports . Chad was integral in the startup of the new team as well as being the lead driver for the team . To date , the team has earned podium finishes at the 2008 SCORE San Felipe 250 and Baja 1000 , and has finished every mile they have started .
Most recently , Chad competed in the SCORE International Laughlin Desert Challenge in 2010 and The Best in the Desert Parker 425 with past SCORE Trophy Truck Champion , BJ Baldwin for Baldwin Motorsports . Chad died after a lengthy battle with Leukemia .
Career highlights
2011 – 2nd Overall 2nd in Trophy Truck SNORE Mint 400 400
2011 – 2nd Overall 2nd in Trick Truck BITD Parker Blue Water Casino 425
2010 – 4th Overall 4th in Trophy Truck SCORE Baja 1000 / 3rd Overall 3rd in Class Trophy Truck SCORE Laughlin Desert Challenge Day 1 / 2nd Fastest Qualifier in Trophy Truck SNORE Mint 400
2008 – 3rd Overall 3rd in Trophy Truck SCORE Baja 1000 / 3rd Overall 3rd in Class Trophy Truck SCORE San Felipe 250
2006 – 4th Trophy Truck SCORE Baja 1000 with Brian Collins and Larry Ragland
2005 – 4th Trophy Truck SCORE Baja 1000
2002 – 1st Trophy Truck Parker 400 - SNORE & Whiplash
2001 – 1st Trophy Truck Rock to Rock - Whiplash
Media
Chad has been featured in several actions sports films , most notably , Bajaflo2 , Desert People 6 , and Drive . They have also been used for interviews by NBC on their last four programs for the SCORE Baja 500 and 1000 . Chad was a natural in front of the camera . They have also been featured on SPEED 's coverage of the Best in the Desert Mint 400 off road race .
In addition to being a top athlete in the off-road racing world , Chad also filmed several commercials for General Tire and Continental Tire . They also provided on air hosting duties for the Ultra4 Racing King of the Hammers and for Polaris Industries .
Education and other projects
Chad attended Brophy College Preparatory and Northern Arizona University graduating with a B.S . in Economics . Upon graduating , Chad joined the team at Conejo Bicycles and worked their way up to owning and running the company from 1994–1997 . Shortly after the sale Chad co-founded Your Source Financial in Phoeniz , AZ and currently is a private contractor for them .
Personal life
Chad was a fanatical cyclist and motorcycle rider . When they were not racing behind the wheel , they could be found on the roads and trails around their home in Carlsbad , California .
`` Racing is in my blood . I do n't know if it is the desire to win or just the thrill of competition , but everything I enjoy seems to involve racing . ''
References
External links
OFF-ROAD.COM
Oakley
2018 deaths
1970 births
Racing drivers from Phoenix , Arizona
Ciohorăni is a commune in Iași County , Western Moldavia , Romania . It is composed of a single village , Ciohorăni . The commune was formed in 2005 , when it split away from Miroslovești .
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Panorama Community School District is a rural public school district headquartered in Panora , Iowa . It operates an elementary school , a middle school , and a high school in Panora .
The district is mostly in Guthrie County but has portions in Dallas and Greene counties . The district serves , in addition to Panora , the towns of Bagley , Jamaica , Linden , Yale , and Lake Panorama .
The district formed on July 1 , 1989 , as a merger of the Panora-Linden and Y-J-B school districts .
Schools
The district operates three schools , all in Panora :
Panorama Elementary School
Panorama Middle School
Panorama High School
Panorama High School
Athletics
The Panthers compete in the West Central Activities Conference in the following sports :
Cross Country
Girls ' 2017 Class 1A State Runner-up
Volleyball
Football
Basketball
Wrestling
Track and Field
Boys ' 1997 Class 1A State Champions
Golf
Boys ' 2015 Class 2A State Champions
Boys ' 2016 Class 2A State Champions
Baseball
Softball
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
Notes
References
External links
Panorama Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Public high schools in Iowa
Education in Dallas County , Iowa
Education in Greene County , Iowa
Education in Guthrie County , Iowa
School districts established in 1989
1989 establishments in Iowa
Robert Simón Rodríguez ( born 22 May 1993 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Gimnàstic de Tarragona as a right winger .
Club career
Born in Badalona , Barcelona , Catalonia , Simón began their professional career at hometown 's CF Badalona , making their senior debuts in the 2011–12 season , in Segunda División B .
On 15 July 2013 , Simón joined Real Zaragoza , being assigned to the reserves in Tercera División . They appeared regularly for the Aragonese side , which were promoted back to the third level at first attempt .
On 11 July 2014 , Simón signed with UE Llagostera , freshly promoted to Segunda División . On 10 September , they played their first professional match , starting in a 0–2 away loss against Real Betis , for the campaign 's Copa del Rey .
On 26 January 2015 , after appearing rarely , Simón was loaned to UE Olot until June . On 22 June , they signed for another reserve team , RCD Espanyol B also in the third level .
Simón was released by the Pericos on 8 July 2016 and immediately returned to their former club Llagostera . The following 31 January , they moved to UE Sant Andreu in the fourth division .
On 17 July 2017 , Simón returned to Badalona , still in the third division . They left the club on 4 June 2021 , after 175 official matches , and signed a two-year contract with Primera División RFEF side Gimnàstic de Tarragona on 22 June .
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Badalona
Sportspeople from the Province of Barcelona
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Catalonia
Association football wingers
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
CF Badalona players
Real Zaragoza B players
UE Costa Brava players
UE Olot players
RCD Espanyol B footballers
UE Sant Andreu footballers
Gimnàstic de Tarragona footballers
A floral zone is an area with similar distributions of plant species , usually a horizontal belt determined by elevation . In a historic report on plant distribution in the United States , The Death Valley Expedition : A Biological Survey of Parts of California , Nevada , Arizona , and Utah , naturalist Clinton Hart Merriam describes “ Most of the desert shrubs are social plants and are distributed in well-marked belts or zones , the vertical limits of which are fixed by the temperature during the period of growth and reproduction . ”
See also
Altitudinal zonation
Life zone
References
Botany
The black-tailed leaftosser ( Sclerurus caudacutus ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae . It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela .
Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forests .
Description
Leaftossers are small , plump , ground-dwelling birds with dark plumage and short legs and tails . The sexes are similar in the black-tailed leaftosser , and it grows to a length of about . The beak is long and straight , and the lower mandible is turned up at its tip . The head and upper parts of the body are a deep brown , the rump is chestnut-brown and the tail black . The throat is white , the feathers being edged with brown which gives the throat a scaled appearance , and the rest of the underparts are dark brown . Some other species of leaftossers overlap its range but it can be distinguished by the white throat ; the short-billed leaftosser ( Sclerurus rufigularis ) has a short beak and reddish throat ; the tawny-throated leaftosser ( Sclerurus mexicanus ) has a downwardly-curved beak and cinnamon throat ; and the grey-throated leaftosser ( Sclerurus albigularis ) has a straight beak and a pale grey throat bordered by a cinnamon band .
The voice of this bird is a series of loud `` queet '' sounds which first accelerates and then slows down and fades away .
Distribution and habitat
The black-tailed leaftosser is found in the tropical rainforests of South America to the east of the Andes Mountains . Its range includes Colombia , Venezuela , Guyana , Surinam , French Guiana , Brazil , Ecuador , Peru and the northern tip of Bolivia . Its altitudinal range is up to about .
Ecology
Leaftossers are secretive birds that move through the undergrowth probing the leaf-litter with their long , slender beaks . They are difficult to observe but may be recognised by their calls , particularly at dawn and dusk when they are more vocal . They are usually found singly or in pairs , hopping on the ground and among fallen logs , flicking dead leaves to the side with their beaks . They feed on small invertebrates such as cockroach egg cases , beetles and their larvae , earthworms and ants , and one individual has been observed feeding on a fallen fruit .
Status
The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated the conservation status of S. caudacutus as being of `` least concern '' , because it has a very wide range and is common in some locations . However , its Amazon rainforest habitat is being degraded and it is likely that the total population of this bird is in slow decline .
References
black-tailed leaftosser
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
black-tailed leaftosser
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The family of marine fishes Hexagrammidae incorporates the greenlings . These fish are found on the continental shelf in the temperate or subarctic waters of the North Pacific . They are a well-known family in the littoral zone from southern California north to the Aleutian Islands . The most commercially important species is the lingcod ( Ophiodon elongatus ) , a common food fish .
Most hexagrammids are small to moderate in size , averaging around 50 cm , although the lingcod can be much larger . Like many other scorpaeniform species , they have broad , spiny pectoral , dorsal , and anal fins . They are scavengers but also catch and eat small fish and bottom-dwelling animals such as crabs . They can be found off rocky shorelines , in kelp beds , and , especially during spawning , in shallow inlets and tidepools .
The kelp greenling ( Hexagrammos decagrammus ) is a popular sport fish , and although it is not commercially valuable , it is considered a delicious food catch . The lingcod is long and olive-yellow in color , and has a very large , toothy mouth . The painted greenling ( Oxylebius pictus ) is smaller , brighter in color , and easily recognized by its large vertical red bands .
Genera and species
12 species in 5 genera :
References
Ray-finned fish families
Erigeron nauseosus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Marysvale fleabane . It is native to the western part of the United States , in northern Utah and Nevada .
Erigeron nauseosus is a small perennial herb rarely more than 4 centimeters ( 1.6 inches ) tall , producing a taproot . The leaves and the stem are covered with stiff hairs . The plant generally produces only one flower head per stem , each head with up to 35 blue or purple ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets . The species grows on ridges , rocky slopes , and outcroppings .
The `` Marysvale '' part of the common name refers to the community of Marysvale , Utah , where the type specimen was collected .
References
Flora of the Western United States
nauseosus
Plants described in 1895
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The Citroën C-Airplay is a concept car which was designed and presented by Citroën in December 2005 at the Bologna Motor Show . The car was also shown at the 2006 British International Motor Show in July 2006 .
Overview
The car is a three door four seater city cars . The slightly rounded body shape is similar to that of the Fiat 500 , which was released in July 2007 . One feature of the car is that the doors had tinted glass inserted in the lower half portion . It was related to Citroën C-Buggy .
References
C-Airplay
2000s cars
City cars
Hatchbacks
The so-called Iranian sex tape scandal involves the public outcry and judicial proceedings against Zahra Amir Ebrahimi , an actor who appeared in the soap opera Nargess , and an associate producer , accused of appearing together in an explicit sex tape , allegedly filmed for private consumption with a camcorder , a serious crime under Iranian law . The actor denies that the tape is of her , while the film producer reportedly has claimed that it is him . The scandal virtually ended the actor 's career ; they were banned from Iranian films in 2006 .
The case served as a catalyst to prompt the lower house of the Parliament of Iran to pass a bill making the production of sexually explicit media , even for private consumption , an offense punishable by death .
The tape
The tape graphically depicts twenty minutes of sex between a woman and a man in a small room with a narrow bed . The man who admitted to their role in the tape is an assistant film producer who was engaged to an Iranian soap opera actor at the time , who they claimed is the woman in the tape . Neither of the suspects were named by the Islamic Republic News Agency , the state-run news agency in Tehran . The man was referred to in the Iranian media as `` Mr. X '' . The actor denied that the woman in the film is her , and accused their ex-fiancé of releasing a pornographic film featuring themselves and a lookalike to damage their career .
The tape was reportedly made in 2004 , although it only came to prominence in early 2006 . It has seen wide distribution on DVD and over the internet in Iran . An estimated 100,000 copies are in circulation , grossing $ 4 million , a record in the history of the Iranian film industry . The assistant film producer appearing in the tape has said that they accidentally forgot to delete the footage from their hard drive when they sold their laptop .
Response
The tape and the publicity surrounding it caused a massive scandal in Iran , such that Iran 's fundamentalist clerics have labeled it a `` national shame '' . Iranian politician Ghorbanali Dorri-Najafabadi also became involved , demanding Ebrahimi ( but not Mr. X ) be stoned to death . Ebrahimi was interrogated at length by the Iranian authorities , but was never charged with any crime . While Narges was on hiatus while the scandal broke , producers of two films in which Ebrahimi starred were advised by Iranian authorities not to release the films while the investigation was ongoing . As of 2010 , these films still had not been released . One of them , Journey to Hidalou was reviewed for compliance with Islamic law by Javad Shamaqdari , Iran 's deputy culture minister for film . They said that the film was a good one , but could not be released with Ebrahimi in it , and suggested that their scenes be re-shot with a different actor . The film 's director , Mojataba Raei , has reportedly refused to re-shoot Ebrahimi 's scenes . Shamaqdari suggested it would take a religious fatwa to approve Ebrahimi 's films for release .
For a time Ebrahimi was rumored to have attempted suicide because of all the negative media attention after their police interrogation . The worry that something may have happened to them grew worse when they were forbidden from speaking in public by the Iranian authorities . To quell the rumor , they ultimately made a statement to the ILNA news agency : `` I just want to tell my country 's people that I am alive . I should think of Iranian women 's strength and defend the respect of the girls and women of my nation . '' Even months and years after the scandal first broke , the case became a cultural touchstone in Iran , much in the same way the O. J. Simpson murder case had been in the United States , acting as a lightning rod for people to talk about changing attitudes toward sexuality and state authority in private life . While the response of the conservative government was one of outrage , many Iranians viewed the scandal coolly , and were reluctant to place blame on the woman in the tape .
Ebrahimi flatly denies that they are the woman in the tape . In an interview with the Guardian UK , they said , `` I watched the film after I heard about the fuss from colleagues and the girl in it is not me . I admit there are some similarities to the character I played in Narges . It is possible to use studio make-up to have a person look like me . I have some knowledge of montage techniques and I know you can create a new face by distorting the features of another person . ''
Prosecution
In December 2006 , eight people were arrested as part of the official investigation . The man in the tape , `` Mr. X '' , who was believed to have been the one to disseminate it to the public , albeit accidentally , initially fled the country , taking up residence in Armenia . After Iranian investigators requested they be arrested , the man was apprehended and extradited shortly afterwards . They were reported to have claimed that they and the woman in the film were temporarily married at the time . Under the precepts of Shi ' a Islam , sex during temporary marriage is permitted . Nevertheless , `` Mr. X '' was tried and imprisoned . The legal fate of the others arrested in this investigation , whether they were eventually exonerated or not , went unreported in the news media .
While Ebrahimi was banned from appearing in films or on television , no formal charges were ever filed against them An Iranian judiciary official was quoted as saying : `` It depends on finding out whether they had a deliberate role in the case ... If so , it is going to be dealt with as a case of corruption and prostitution . '' Some legal experts believed Ebrahimi 's denial would have been enough to avoid a guilty verdict had they been tried . Under Iranian law , film and video footage must be supported by additional evidence or a confession . Ebrahimi has stated that they fear their career in the Iranian entertainment industry may be over . If the actor ( or another woman ) were to have been charged and convicted , the punishment could have been severe . A woman found guilty of having sex outside marriage can face a penalty of up to 99 lashes with a leather strap .
While the west in the 21st century has been fairly inundated with such news , this was widely acknowledged by western news sources to have been the first celebrity sex tape scandal in Iran . Inside Iran , however , people claim that there have been others before this , but that this is the first one that was publicly acknowledged , and the first time the legal authorities decided to do something about it .
Subsequent legislation
In June 2007 , the Parliament of Iran voted overwhelmingly in support of a bill that could make the production of and participation in pornographic media an offense punishable by death . To become law , the bill still required the approval of Iran 's Guardian Council . In 2009 , news outlets began reporting the arrest of suspects under this law , so presumably it has been approved . The bill 's drafting is widely believed to be a direct response to this sex tape scandal .
References
Further reading
`` Zahra Amir Ebrahimi talks with the BBC about the video which almost cost their life '' at Iranian.com , January 2 , 2010 .
Sex scandals
Crime in Iran
Censorship in Iran
Human rights abuses in Iran
Cinema of Iran
Sexuality in Iran
Scandals in Iran
Javed Khan ( born as Javed Yaqub Khan in Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh , India ) is an Indian film and television actor and former model . They studied at the Film and Television Institute of India , Pune .
Javed Khan was born in Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh . Their father , Mohammed Yaqub Khan , was a top criminal lawyer in Madhya Pradesh and their mother , Raisa Yaqub , was a royal , making Khan hail from one of the most prominent families of central India . Khan did their schooling at Campion School , Bhopal . They topped the Merit List in both high school and the higher secondary board of Madhya Pradesh . They went back to school and became school captain in 1979 after passing out from FTII ( PUNE ) 1974-76 and the troop leader of Air Scouts , having qualified for the highest award , that of President Scout with 24 proficiency badges . After school , Khan joined the St. Xavier 's College , Mumbai , for their B. Sc . in mathematics and economics .
Career
Modeling
While in their first month in St. Xavier 's College , Mumbai , Khan was spotted by director Shyam Benegal , who at that time headed an Ad-Film concern . Khan did their first ad-film for him , the product being Colgate Toothpaste . Followed by a string of assignments , including Gold Spot , Bombay Dyeing , Arvind Mills , and Nescafé , with some top names in the advertisement world such as Zafar Hai , Pradeep Kakkad , Kailash Surendranath and Agencies like Lintas , H.T.A. , Frank Simoes , Bensons , Chaitra , Trio Films , and Everest . They were further auditioned and selected by Jeannie Naoroji and Hilla Sethna , of the fashion industry . Khan made their debut in the fashion show world , on the occasion of the opening of the Oberoi Sheraton , now known as Oberoi Trident , in Mumbai .
After their first fashion show , they joined the Film and Television Institute of India , Pune . After returning to Mumbai , they were signed by Reliance Industries , a then-new company for the ONLY VIMAL campaign . Khan continued to appear in fashion shows , working with Vimla Patil , Salome and Nazir Mitha , Shanti and Sangeeta Chopra on circuit show for Femina , Eves Weekly , S. Kumars , Vimal . Bombay Dyeing etc .
Acting
Recruited by a producer , Khan signed on for their debut film while still at the F.T.I.I . Their first film was Apradhi Kaun ? . It collected 100 % at the box office in the first week , but was not much heard of in Bollywood , being a small budget film . Nevertheless , Javed was labeled as `` the heartthrob '' and won the Most Promising Newcomer of the Year Award along with other felicitations from critics , film journalists , clubs and fan clubs in small centers . Then came Chambal Ke Daku , with real dreaded dacoits Madho Singh and Mohar Singh playing themselves . Cheekh , Qatil Aur Ashiq , Khooni Mahal , Khofnak Mahal , Ram Ki Ganga , Paanch Fauladi , Kafan , Ghar Aakhir Ghar Hai , Kabrastan , Amavas Ki Raat and Aaj Ka M.L.A .. with Rajesh Khanna and Shabana Azmi are some of the films Khan has done as a leading hero . They were also seen in a very brief appearance in Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat , starring Rani Mukerji .
Khan shifted their focus to television . They played Tej Singh , in Chandrakanta . They further portrayed some other characters in serials like Yug , Betaal Pachisi , Zee Horror Show , Nagin , Fasana , Main Dilli Hoon , Ramayan and The Trap . They played the character of Maharaja Puru in the serial Shakuntala on Star One .
Khan launched an acting academy in 2004 in Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh by the name of Glamour Zone—Javed Khan 's academy of acting and modeling . The academy was inaugurated by the Cultural Minister of Madhya Pradesh , Laxmikant Sharma and the first convocation ceremony of the academy was done by the then Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh , Babulal Gaur . The academy has on its advisory council , Ravi Chopra , David Dhawan and Roshan Taneja among others . Over 100 students have successfully completed the training .
Personal life
Khan is married and has two children .
Apart from acting , which was always more of a passion for Khan , they have also been a renowned real estate magnate , holding successful investments across the globe , mainly in the UAE and the USA .
Khan is a major philanthropist and is known to give their majority time in various social causes . They are the president of SCUD , Society for Children who are Underdeveloped and Disabled , which provides free but quality education to special and needy children all over India , especially in M.P . which is their home state .
References
External links
Glamour Zone- Javed Khan 's academy of Acting and Modeling , website
Indian male film actors
Indian Muslims
Living people
St. Xavier 's College , Mumbai alumni
Indian male television actors
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The 1966 Meistaradeildin was a season of the Faroe Islands Premier League , the top-level association football league in the Faroe Islands . It was contested by five teams , with KÍ Klaksvík winning the championship .
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Bharathan is a 1992 Indian Tamil-language action drama film , directed by Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy . The film stars Vijayakanth and Bhanupriya , while S. P. Balasubrahmanyam , Anandaraj , Napoleon , Sumitra , and Chandrasekhar play supporting roles . The film , produced by A. S. Ibrahim Rowther , had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 16 April 1992 . The film is a remake of the Hindi film Ghayal ( 1990 ) . The film completed a 100-day run .
Plot
Bharathan ( Vijayakanth ) is sent to jail for a murder and is sentenced to the death penalty .
In the past , Bharath was in love with Indhu ( Bhanupriya ) . They had a brother named Ramkumar ( S. P. Balasubrahmanyam ) and a sister-in-law named Janaki ( Sumitra ) . Their brother dreamt to see them as a government official , but Bharath preferred to be a kickboxing champion .
One day , Ramkumar disappeared , and Bharath began to look for him . Finally , Ramkumar 's laborer ( Chandrasekhar ) explained to Bharath what happened to their brother . Gangadharan ( Anandaraj ) , a powerful business person , helped Ramkumar in their business . Ramkumar was grateful to him , and Gangadharan took some advantages and began to smuggle alcohol illegally in Ramkumar 's company . When Ramkumar decided to report it to the police , they were kidnapped by Gangadharan . Gangadharan killed Ramkumar , and the innocent Bharath is arrested for the murder . Bharath appointed their family friend Viswanathan as the advocate , but Viswanathan , an ally of Gangadharan , betrayed him , and Bharath was sentenced to capital punishment . Thereafter , Janaki committed suicide .
In jail , Bharath makes friends with their cellmates , and they escape from jail to punish Gangadharan . Johnson ( Napoleon ) , an honest CID officer , is appointed to protect Gangadharan . Bharath first kills the traitor Viswanathan . They then threatens the commissioner and their family to kill Gangadharan more easily .
In the meantime , Indhu is kidnapped by Gangadharan 's henchmen , and Bharath saves them in time . Shameful to protect a criminal and worried to punish an innocent , the commissioner and Johnson try to stop Bharath . In the end , Bharath kills Gangadharan and gets sent to jail .
Cast
Vijayakanth as Bharathan a.k.a . Bharath
Bhanupriya as Indhu
S. P. Balasubrahmanyam as Ramkumar
Anandaraj as Gangadharan
Napoleon as CID Johnson
Sumitra as Janaki
Chandrasekhar as Ramkumar 's laborer
Vasu Vikram as Bharath 's cellmate
R. Sundarrajan as Gangadharan 's man
Srividya as Lakshmi
Ponnambalam as Gangadharan 's right hand
Srihari as Uttam Singh ( guest appearance )
Prabhu Deva in a special appearance
Disco Shanti in an item number
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja . The soundtrack , released in 1992 , features 5 tracks .
Reception
The Indian Express wrote `` Despite the remake of the original being before the eyes , debutant director Saba has been able to warm up for viewers only a lukewarm concoction of various box-office elements '' .
References
1992 films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
1990s Tamil-language films
Tamil remakes of Hindi films
Fictional portrayals of the Tamil Nadu Police
Films directed by Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy
This is a list of shipwrecks located in international waters .
Arctic Ocean
Barents Sea
{ | class=wikitable | style = `` width:100 % ''
! style= '' width:10 % '' | Ship
! style= '' width:10 % '' | Sunk date
! style= '' width:70 % '' | Notes
! style= '' width:10 % '' | Coordinates
|-
|HMS Achates
|31 December 1942
|An A-class destroyer that was sunk 135 nautical miles southeast of Bear Island , in the Battle of the Barents Sea .
|
|-
|RFA Aldersdale
|7 July 1942
|A Dale-class oil tanker that was damaged by aircraft and sunk by U-457 .
|
|-
|HMS Bickerton
|22 August 1944
|A Buckley-class destroyer escort that was torpedoed by U-354 and scuttled .
|
|-
|HMS Edinburgh
|2 May 1942
|A Town-class light cruiser that was scuttled 400 kilometres northeast of Kola Bay , Russia .
|
|-
|SS Empire Byron
|5 July 1942
|A cargo ship that was torpedoed by U-703 .
|
|-
|SS Empire Cowper
|11 April 1942
|A cargo ship that was bombed by German aircraft .
|
|-
|SS El Occidente
|13 April 1942
|A cargo ship that was torpedoed by U-435 .
|
|-
|Z16 Friedrich Eckoldt
|31 December 1942
|A Type 1934A-class destroyer that was sunk by in the Battle of the Barents Sea .
|
|-
|
|8–9 February 1974
|A British fishing vessel that disappeared without trace ; the wreck was not discovered until 1997 .
|
|-
|HMS Trinidad
|15 May 1942
|A Crown Colony-class cruiser that was attacked by German bombers and scuttled north of North Cape , Norway .
|
|-
|SM U-28
|2 September 1917
|A Type U 27 U-boat that attacked the SS Olive Branch at close range , 85 miles northeast of North Cape , Norway . The gunfire detonated the Olive Branch '' 's cargo of munitions , and the U-boat was sunk in the resultant explosion .
|
|-
|U-288
|3 April 1944
|A Type VIIC U-boat that was sunk by British aircraft southeast of Bear Island .
|
|-
|U-314
|30 January 1944
|A Type VIIC U-boat that was sunk by HMS Whitehall and HMS Meteor southeast of Bear Island .
|
|-
|U-354
|24 August 1944
|A Type VIIC U-boat that was sunk by British ships northeast of North Cape .
|
|-
|U-425
|17 February 1945
|A Type VIIC U-boat that was sunk by HMS Lark and HMS Alnwick Castle near Murmansk , Russia .
|
|-
|U-457
|16 September 1942
|A Type VIIC U-boat that was sunk by HMS Impulsive northeast of Murmansk , Russia .
|
|-
|U-472
|4 March 1943
|A Type VIIC U-boat that was sunk by HMS Onslaught and British aircraft southeast of Bear Island .
|
|-
|U-585
|30 March 1942
|A Type VIIC U-boat that was sunk by a German mine north of Murmansk , Russia .
|
|-
|U-589
|14 September 1942
|A Type VIIC U-boat that was sunk by HMS Onslow and a British aircraft .
|
|-
|U-655
|24 March 1942
|A Type VIIC U-boat that was rammed by HMS Sharpshooter .
|
| }
Greenland Sea
Atlantic Ocean
Indian Ocean
Pacific Ocean
Southern Ocean
Further reading
Jurisi , Mario , Ancient Shipwrecks of the Adriatic : maritime transport during the first and second centuries AD . ( British archaeological reports : International series , 828 ) Oxford , Tempus Reparatum , 2000
Parker , A. J. , Ancient Shipwrecks of the Mediterranean and the Roman provinces , ( Oxford , 1992 )
Pickford , Nigel , Lost Treasure Ships of the Northern Seas : a guide and gazetteer to 2000 years of shipwreck '' , ( London : Chatham , 2006 )
External links
WRECKSITE Worldwide free database of + 65,000 wrecks with history , maritime charts and GPS positions
International waters
The National Literary Society ( also known as the Irish National Literary Society ) was founded in Dublin in 1892 by William Butler Yeats .
The members first met in John O'Leary 's rooms on Mountjoy Square , and later formally at the Rotunda . Its first president was Douglas Hyde . On 25 November 1892 Hyde delivered a lecture to the society on The Necessity for De-Anglicising Ireland , a precursor to the founding of the Gaelic League .
A Book of Irish Verse , designed to publicise the new societies , was published in 1895 , edited by Yeats and dedicated `` To the Members of the National Literary Society of Dublin and the Irish Literary Society of London . '' It featured poetry by T. W. Rolleston , Hyde , Katharine Tynan , Lionel Johnson , AE and several others , with notes and an introduction by himself .
See also
Irish Literary Revival
Irish Literary Society
References
Organizations established in 1893
Irish writers ' organisations
Celia Brooks ( born 1969 ) is a vegetarian chef , author and television host from the United States who lives in London . The `` Brown '' in their name was dropped after divorce in 2010 .
Brooks was born in Colorado . They were pursuing a career as a director of plays when they moved to England in 1989 and went on to establish a food tour company Gastrotours in 2002 . They have written nine vegetarian cookbooks and has appeared on the Saturday Kitchen and Good Food Live television shows .
Selected publications
Vegetarian Foodscape ( 1998 )
Entertaining Vegetarians ( 2003 )
New Kitchen Garden : Organic Gardening with Herbs , Vegetables and Fruit ( with Adam Caplin , 2003 )
World Vegetarian Classics ( 2005 )
New Urban Farmer ( 2010 )
5:2 Vegetarian ( 2014 )
Low-Carb & Gluten-Free Vegetarian ( 2014 )
SuperVeg : The Joy and Power of the 25 Healthiest Vegetables on the Planet ( 2018 )
References
1969 births
Living people
American emigrants to England
American television hosts
American vegetarianism activists
American women chefs
American women television presenters
American women writers
BBC television presenters
English women writers
Organic gardeners
People from Colorado
Vegetarian cookbook writers
Women cookbook writers
Men 's 73 kg competition in judo at the 2000 Summer Olympics was held on 18 September at the Sydney Convention and Exhibition Centre .
This event was the third-lightest of the men 's judo weight classes , limiting competitors to a maximum of 73 kilograms of body mass . Like all other judo events , bouts lasted five minutes . If the bout was still tied at the end , it was extended for another five-minute , sudden-death period ; if neither judoka scored during that period , the match is decided by the judges . The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match . There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals . Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage . The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket 's repechage in bronze medal bouts .
Schedule
All times are Australian Eastern Daylight Time ( UTC+11:00 )
Tournament results
Final
Mat 1
First round matches
Elimination rounds
Mat 2
First round matches
Elimination rounds
Repechage
The losing semifinalists as well as this judoka eliminated in earlier rounds by the four semifinalists of the main bracket advanced to the repechage . These matches determined the two bronze medalists for the event .
First round matches
Since 23 judoka qualified for the repechage , one match was held to reduce the field to 22 .
Elimination rounds
References
External links
Official report
Men 's 073 kg
Judo at the Summer Olympics Men 's Lightweight
Men 's events at the 2000 Summer Olympics
The 35th Tennessee Infantry Regiment or Thirty-Fifth Tennessee was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War . The unit was disbanded as a result of General Joseph E. Johnston 's surrender to General William T. Sherman on April 26 , 1865 in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Organization
The 35th Tennessee was organized on September 11 , 1861 at Camp Smartt near McMinnville , TN in Warren County .
Originally organized as the 1st Tennessee Mountain Rifle Regiment and then the 5th Tennessee Infantry Regiment . In November , 1861 it was notified to become the 35th Tennessee because another regiment was organized as the 5th Tennessee some four months prior in West Tennessee .
The Regiment consisted of men from these counties in Southeast Middle Tennessee .
Warren County
Grundy County
Van Buren County
Cannon County
Sequatchie County
DeKalb County
Hamilton County
Bledsoe County
By the end of the war other units was consolidated with the unit :
48th Tennessee Infantry
57th Tennessee Infantry
The units had been decimated and it was only logical to consolidate the units .
Original Officers
Colonel - Benjamin Jefferson Hill
Lt . Colonel - John L. Spurlock
Major/Adjutant - Joseph Brown
Surgeon - Dr. William C. Barnes
Assistant Surgeon - Dr. James M. Bell
Assistant Surgeon- Dr. J.W . Wooten
Quartermaster - Capt . O.F . Brewster
Commissary - Capt . James S. Gribble
Chaplain - Rev . David B. Ritchey
Lt.Sgt - Willem Campbell
Battles
Notable battles fought in include Shiloh and Chickamauga .
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
1861 establishments in Tennessee
Military units and formations established in 1861
`` Star 69 '' is a song from the R.E.M . album Monster . It was issued as the album 's second single on September 26 , 1994 , and a day later in the United States . Despite lacking a physical release in most territories , it still reached No . 74 on the US Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart .
Music
Rob Jones called the track a `` return-to-roots glam punk anthem '' .
Background
The song is named after the access number for the last-call return feature of telephones in North America , as indicated by its chorus :
`` I know you called
I know you called
I know you hung up my line
Star 69 ''
Of all of the songs on Monster , `` Star 69 '' is the one that evolved most from its initial demo . It started out at six minutes long before having its bridge excised and its original chorus discarded .
`` Star 69 '' was frequently played live throughout the tours in support of Monster and their 1998 release Up but from 2003 to 2008 was only ever sporadically performed .
Charts
References
R.E.M . songs
1994 songs
Songs written by Bill Berry
Songs written by Peter Buck
Songs written by Mike Mills
Songs written by Michael Stipe
Song recordings produced by Scott Litt
Song recordings produced by Michael Stipe
Song recordings produced by Mike Mills
Song recordings produced by Peter Buck
Song recordings produced by Bill Berry
Music videos directed by Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris
Grunge songs
American hard rock songs
Songs about telephone calls
Garage rock songs
Glam punk songs
Whiteside County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2010 census , it had a population of 58,498 . Its county seat is Morrison . The county is bounded on the west by the Mississippi River . Whiteside County comprises the Sterling , IL Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Dixon-Sterling , IL Combined Statistical Area . U.S. President Ronald Reagan was born in 1911 in the Whiteside County community of Tampico .
History
This area was long occupied by varying cultures of Native Americans .
Whiteside County was organized by European Americans in 1836 from parts of Jo Daviess and Henry counties . It was named for General Samuel Whiteside , an Illinois officer in the War of 1812 and Black Hawk War .
Whiteside County 's boundaries have remained unchanged since its creation in 1836 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.8 % ) is water .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Morrison have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in August .
Major highways
Interstate 88
U.S. Highway 30
Illinois Route 2
Illinois Route 40
Illinois Route 78
Illinois Route 84
Illinois Route 110
Illinois Route 136
Illinois Route 172
Adjacent counties
Carroll County ( north )
Ogle County ( northeast )
Lee County ( east )
Bureau County ( southeast )
Henry County ( south )
Rock Island County ( southwest )
Clinton County , Iowa ( west )
National protected area
Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge ( part )
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 58,498 people , 23,740 households , and 16,005 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 25,770 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.2 % white , 1.3 % black or African American , 0.5 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 3.5 % from other races , and 2.2 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 11.0 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 32.5 % were German , 15.5 % were Irish , 8.7 % were Dutch , 8.6 % were English , and 6.0 % were American .
Of the 23,740 households , 30.4 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.5 % were married couples living together , 11.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 32.6 % were non-families , and 27.7 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.92 . The median age was 41.8 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 45,266 and the median income for a family was $ 54,242 . Males had a median income of $ 41,862 versus $ 29,157 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 23,405 . About 8.2 % of families and 11.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 17.6 % of those under age 18 and 5.8 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Fulton
Morrison
Prophetstown
Rock Falls
Sterling
Villages
Albany
Coleta
Deer Grove
Erie
Lyndon
Tampico
Unincorporated communities
Agnew
Fenton
Galt
Hahnaman
Oliver
Round Grove
Union Grove
Unionville
Yeoward Addition
Census-designated place
Como
Townships
Whiteside County is divided into these townships :
Albany
Clyde
Coloma
Erie
Fenton
Fulton
Garden Plain
Genesee
Hahnaman
Hopkins
Hume
Jordan
Lyndon
Montmorency
Mount Pleasant
Newton
Portland
Prophetstown
Sterling
Tampico
Union Grove
Ustick
Politics
Whiteside County has a political history typical of Northern Illinois . Between its first election in 1840 , and 1852 , it always favored the Whig Party , and although Whiteside was not as strong for the Free Soil Party as counties to the east like Boone and Lake , it gave substantial votes to that party in 1848 and 1852 and became powerfully Republican for the next century-and-a-quarter . Between 1856 and 1988 the only time Whiteside County did not vote for the Republican candidate was in 1912 , when the GOP was mortally divided and Whiteside County voted for Progressive Party nominee and former President Theodore Roosevelt by a 2-to-1 margin over conservative incumbent William Howard Taft . Between at least 1880 and 1960 , no Democratic presidential nominee ever won 40 percent of Whiteside County 's vote , and even Alf Landon in 1936 carried the county by 22 percent when losing 46 of 48 states .
In 1964 the Republican Party nominated Barry Goldwater , whose hostility to the Yankee establishment and strongly conservative policies were sufficient to leave many traditional Republicans to stay home or even to vote for Lyndon Johnson . In this climate , Goldwater managed to keep the Republican Party 's winning streak in Whiteside alive , but by just 1.6 % , or 404 votes .
The county continued to vote comfortably more Republican than the nation for the next four elections . However , it began trending away from the GOP in 1984 , as its most famous native , Ronald Reagan , successfully sought a second term . Even as Reagan increased their national margin by over 8 % , their margin in Whiteside was more than halved , from a little over 40 % in 1980 to 19.6 % in 1984 . The county was only marginally more Republican than the nation in 1984 . The trend continued in 1988 , as George H. W. Bush carried it by 6.8 % , a somewhat smaller margin than they won the national popular vote by , making this election the first one in which Whiteside voted more Democratic than the nation in at least a century . In 1992 , it gave Bill Clinton a plurality win , with a comfortable 8.0 % margin over George H. W. Bush . In 1996 , the county gave Bill Clinton an outright majority . The county went on to vote Democratic for the next four consecutive elections , giving Gore , Kerry , and Obama four straight majorities .
However , in 2016 , concerns over long-term economic decline saw much of the Rust Belt swing heavily towards Donald Trump , and Whiteside flipped from a 16.9 % Obama win in 2012 to a Trump plurality in 2016 . In 2020 , Trump won a majority -- the first for a Republican since 1988 -- and increased their margin from 6.2 % to 8.3 % .
See also
List of counties in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places listings in Whiteside County , Illinois
References
External links
County History
History of Whiteside
County website
1836 establishments in Illinois
Illinois counties
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Populated places established in 1836
Cahul County was a county of the Kingdom of Romania between 1925 and 1938 and between 1941 and 1944 , in the historical region of Bessarabia , the successor of Cahul County .
The county was located in the eastern part of Greater Romania , in the southwestern part of Bessarabia . Cahul County was bordered by the counties of Cetatea Albă and Tighina to the east , Lăpușna to the north , County , Tutova and Covurlui to the west , and Ismail to the south .
Its territory underwent changes in the north , where one third of Plasa Cantemir was for some time part of Fălciu County , and in the south , where the communes of Brînza , Colibași , Văleni , and Vulcănești were left in Cahul County , while the communes of Valea-Stejarului , Grecenii-Burlăcenilor , and Bulgărica were part of Ismail County . Plasa Dragoş-Voda , headquartered at Albota was renamed Plasa Mihai Viteazu .
Its territory is currently part of the Republic of Moldova , corresponding roughly to the districts Cahul , Cantemir , Leova , Taraclia and the Vulcănești district ( dolay ) from Gagauzia .
Administrative organization
The county was administratively divided into five districts ( plăși ) :
Plasa Cantemir , headquartered at Leova
Plasa Ioan Voevod , headquartered at Cahul
Plasa Ștefan cel Mare , headquartered at Baimaclia
Plasa Traian , headquartered at Taraclia
Plasa Mihai Viteazul , headquartered at Albota
History
At the end of the Crimean War , by the Treaty of Paris ( 1856 ) , Southern Bessarabia was returned by the Russian Empire to Moldavia . Southern Bessarabia was administratively organized into 3 counties : Cahul , Bolgrad and Ismail , and it was part of Moldavia and , after 1859 , part of the United Principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia ( called Romania after 1866 ) until 1878 , when by the Treaty of Berlin ( 1878 ) all three counties were ceded back to the Russian Empire in exchange for Northern Dobruja .
With the Union of Bessarabia with Romania in 1918 , Cahul County returned to Romania , being formally re-established in 1925 .
After the 1938 Administrative and Constitutional Reform , this county merged with the counties of Brăila , Covurlui , Fălciu , Ismail , Putna , Râmnicu Sărat , Tecuci , Tulcea and Tutova to form Ținutul Dunării .
The area of the county was occupied by the Soviet Union in 1940 and became part of the Moldavian SSR . The area returned to Romanian administration as the Bessarabia Governorate following the Axis invasion of the Soviet Union in July 1941 . A military administration was established and the region 's Jewish population was either executed on the spot or deported to Transnistria , where further numbers were killed . As the Soviet Union 's offensive pushed the Axis powers back , the area again was under Soviet control . On September 12 , 1944 , Romania signed the Moscow Armistice with the Allies . The Armistice , as well as the subsequent peace treaty of 1947 , confirmed the Soviet-Romanian border as it was on January 1 , 1941 . The area of the county , along with the rest of the Moldavian SSR , became part of the independent country of Moldova .
Population
According to the census data of 1930 , the county 's population was 196,693 , of which 51.2 % were ethnic Romanians , 17.9 % Gagauz , 14.5 % Bulgarians , 7.5 % Russians , 4.4 % Germans , 2.3 % Jews , as well as other minorities . From the religious point of view 92.1 % of the population was Eastern Orthodox , 4.3 % Lutheran , 2.3 % Jewish , as well as other minorities .
Urban population
In the year 1930 , the county 's urban population was 17,909 , of which 50.5 % were ethnic Romanians , 19.6 % Russians , 17.5 % Jews , 1.3 % Ukrainians , 1.3 % Bulgarians , as well as other minorities . From a religious point of view , the urban population consisted of 76.5 % Eastern Orthodox , 17.5 % Jewish , 4.7 % Old-Style Orthodox , 0.7 % Roman Catholic , as well as other minorities .
Gallery
References
See also
Cahul District
Cahul County ( Moldova )
Former counties of Romania
Counties of Bessarabia
1925 establishments in Romania
1938 disestablishments in Romania
1941 establishments in Romania
1944 disestablishments in Romania
States and territories established in 1925
States and territories disestablished in 1938
States and territories established in 1941
States and territories disestablished in 1944
Wolica Pierwsza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Wolica Pierwsza
All Saints Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Housatonic , Massachusetts , United States .
Founded 1913 . It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts .
In 2009 merged with the Corpus Christi Parish into one .
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
All Saints - ParishesOnline.com
All Saints - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Churches in Berkshire County , Massachusetts
Great Barrington , Massachusetts
Phtheochroa sinecarina is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Morocco .
References
Moths described in 1989
Phtheochroa
Johann Jacob Grasser ( 24 February 1579 – 20 March 1627 ) was a scholar and polyhistor of Basel .
They studied theology and was active as a poet , in the sciences and in geography . They were Magister Artium and Poeta laureatus in Basel in 1601 . They travelled across Switzerland and in Europe during 1603 to 1608 . When they were in Nîmes , they wrote a treatise on the Roman antiquities there which was reprinted several times . In 1607 , they were given the title of Count Palatine by the Imperial Commissioner in Padua , from which time they styled themselves as Ioannes Iacobus Grasserus , Civis Romanus , Comes Palatinus .
They were pastored in Bennwil and Hölstein during 1610 to 1612 , and sacristan at St. Theodore church in Basel during 1612 to 1627 .
They published various editions and translations , besides their own works of moderate Calvinist theology , historiography and travel literature .
Their 1624 Swiss Heldenbuch is without historiographical value but noted for its social criticism .
Works
1607 ( on the Roman antiquities at Nîmes ) De antiquitatibus Nemausensibus dissertatio
repeatedly reprinted , in 1614 with some of Grasser 's poetry , Poëmata : accessit De antiquitatibus Nemausensibus dissertatio
1610 ( travel literature ) Newe und volkommne Italianische Frantzösische und Englische Schatzkamer : Das ist : Wahrhaffte und eigendtliche Beschreibung aller Stätten in Italia Sicilia Sardinia Corsica Franckreich Engelland und darumb ligenden Provintzen : wie auch der denckwürdigsten Sachen so sich daselbsten jemahln zugetragen
1618 ( theology ) Speculum theologiae mysticae . Sive Dissertationes , et meditationes allegoricae : quibus pleraque vtriusque testamenti mysteria , ex ipsis sacris literis , patribus , aliisque tam modernis , quam veteribus doctoribus varios in usus explicantur & illustrantur
1618 ( pamphlet ) Petri Calvi tridentini jur . utriusq . doct . oratio renuntiatoria , Basileae
1619 ( pamphlet on the Great Comet of 1618 ) Christliches Bedencken vber den Erschrockenlichen Cometen , So verschienen Novemb . Vnd Decemb . Ann . 1618 ( 1664 ed . Christenliches Bedencken auch natuerlicher , historischer und schrifftmaessigen Bericht von dem erschrocklichen Cometen der in dem ausslauffenden 1618 . Jahr sich in Europa sehen lassen )
1624 ( historiography ) Schweitzerisch Helden Buch : darinn die denkwürdigste Thaten und Sachen gemeiner loblicher Eydgnossschafft , alss Regiments Enderungen , Befreyungen , Krieg , Schlachten , Vertrag , Bündnussen , und andre namhaffte Handlungen , wie zugleich der fürnembsten Patrioten Lebensbeschreibungen : nicht nur auss allerhandt getruckten : sondern auch auss drey fürnemmen alten geschriebenen Chronicken , zu auffmunterung der alten Eydgnosssischen Dapfferkeit , und Beschirmung der theror erworbenen Freyheit
1623 ( historiography ) Waldenser Chronick von den Verfolgungen so die Waldenser , Albigenser , Picarder und Hussiten
1624 ( historiography ) Historischer Lustgarten : Mit den denckwürdigsten Historien und Sachen gezieret , etc
1624 ( historiography , geography ) Itinerarium historico-politicum , quod ex inclyta ad Moen . Francofordia per celebriores Helvetiae et regni Arelatensis urbes in uniuersam extenditur Italiam
( 1636 ) ( pamphlet ) Ein Christenliche Trewhertzige wolmeynende warnung , Anmahnung vnd erjnerrung : An alle Menschen
( 1672 ) ( theology ) Christlicher In Gottes Wort gegründeter aber mißdeuteter und übel auffgenommener Predigten erstes Par : Worinnen gehandelt wird Erstlich/ Vom Ampt der Kirchen und Seelen-Wachtern . Auß dem Propheten Ezechiel c. 3. v. 17- 21 . Demnach von dem Danck/ welchen getreue Prediger und Seelen-Wachter von der Welt/ gemeinlich zu gewarten haben . Auß dem Propheten Amos c. 7 , v. 10-17 .
editions
1605 Polyhistor vel Rerum toto orbe memorabilium thesaurus ( Gaius Julius Solinus )
1609 P. Papinii Statii opera quae extant omnia ( Publius Papinius Statius )
1617 Epithetorum opus perfectissimum ( Ravisius Textor )
translations
1610 Opera didactica , Lehr- u. Trostreicher Tractat ( Pierre Dumoulin )
1615 Zwo merckliche und dieser Zeit sehr lesenswürdige Missiven : Eine an König in Frankreich , die andre an Papst zu Rom : Betreffendt ein wohlbedenckliche Reformation der Jesuiten ( Théophile Raynaud )
References
A.R . Weber , 'Johann Jacob Grasser ( 1579-1627 ) ' , in BZGA 89 , 1989 , 41-133 .
Swiss male poets
17th-century Swiss historians
Swiss Calvinist and Reformed theologians
Writers from Basel-Stadt
Imperial counts palatine
1579 births
1627 deaths
Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois . As of the 2010 census , it had a population of 14,716 . Its county seat is Nashville . It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known locally as `` Little Egypt '' .
History
Washington County was formed on January 2 , 1818 , out of St. Clair County . It was named for George Washington . Despite its relative proximity to the Illinois suburbs of St. Louis , Missouri , the county is not considered part of the St. Louis metropolitan area , also known as the Metro-East . In 1813 , the Lively Massacre occurred near Little Crooked Creek . In 1959 , the state established the Washington County State Recreation Area . Washington County was initially settled by immigrants from Kentucky who moved northward out of that state in the early 1800s . In the late 1800s there were ( relatively ) large numbers of immigrants who settled in Washington County , and by the early 1900s there were large numbers of first-generation immigrants still living in Washington County . They primarily came from the four countries of Germany , Poland , Ireland and England .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.2 % ) is water . There are many lakes , rivers , streams , and creeks in this area , including the Kaskaskia River , which is the county 's northern border .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Nashville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in December 1989 and a record high of was recorded in July 1980 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May . On November 17 , 2013 , an EF4 tornado swept through the area , destroying homes and causing two fatalities .
Major highways
Interstate 64
U.S. Highway 51
Illinois Route 4
Illinois Route 13
Illinois Route 15
Illinois Route 127
Illinois Route 153
Illinois Route 177
Illinois Route 160
Adjacent counties
Clinton County ( north )
Marion County ( northeast )
Jefferson County ( east )
Perry County ( south )
Randolph County ( southwest )
St. Clair County ( west )
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 14,716 people , 5,926 households , and 4,112 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 6,534 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.7 % white , 0.7 % black or African American , 0.3 % Asian , 0.1 % American Indian , 0.4 % from other races , and 0.8 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.3 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 53.6 % were German , 14.0 % were Polish , 13.1 % were Irish , 7.7 % were English , and 6.1 % were American .
Of the 5,926 households , 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.6 % were married couples living together , 7.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , 30.6 % were non-families , and 25.9 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.93 . The median age was 42.3 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 51,440 and the median income for a family was $ 64,171 . Males had a median income of $ 44,272 versus $ 30,683 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 24,846 . About 5.5 % of families and 9.1 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 13.2 % of those under age 18 and 8.9 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
The county is served by six school districts :
Oakdale CCSD 1
West Washington County CUD 10
Irvington CCSD 11
Ashley CCSD 15
Nashville CCSD 49
Nashville Community High School District 99
Communities
Cities
Ashley
Centralia
Nashville
Villages
Addieville
Du Bois
Hoyleton
Irvington
New Minden
Oakdale
Okawville
Radom
Richview
Venedy
Unincorporated communities
Beaucoup
Clarmin
Cordes
Elkton
Huegely
Lively Grove
Plum Hill
Posen
Pyramid
Stone Church
Townships
Washington County is divided into these townships :
Ashley
Beaucoup
Bolo
Covington
DuBois
Hoyleton
Irvington
Johannisburg
Lively Grove
Nashville
Oakdale
Okawville
Pilot Knob
Plum Hill
Richview
Venedy
Politics
Washington is a rural conservative county in Southern Illinois that has always trended Republican in presidential elections . The only Democrat to win a majority of the county 's ballots since the Civil War was Franklin D. Roosevelt in their 1932 landslide . Historically , the county was dominated by organized labor and family farms . The area tends to be economically and socially conservative .
Media
WNSV in Nashville is the only radio station in the county .
The two weekly newspapers in the county are The Nashville News , located in Nashville , and The Okawville Times , which is based in Okawville .
See also
Lively massacre
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County
References
Specific
General
External links
1818 establishments in Illinois Territory
Illinois counties
Southern Illinois
Populated places established in 1818
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Phtheochroa larseni is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Turkey .
References
Moths described in 1990
Phtheochroa
The Minnesota Timberwolves are an American professional basketball team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota . They play in the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . There have been 14 head coaches for the Timberwolves .
The franchise 's first head coach was Bill Musselman , who coached for two complete seasons . Musselman , along with Kurt Rambis and Rick Adelman , are the only Timberwolves head coaches to have not been involved in a mid-season replacement . In the , Flip Saunders , who coached the team from when they replaced Bill Blair until being replaced mid-season in , became the first and only Timberwolves head coach to have led the team to a division championship as well as the Western Conference Finals , with a playoffs record of 17 wins and 30 losses . Their 819 regular season games coached , 427 regular season wins , 392 regular season losses and their regular season winning percentage of .521 lead all Timberwolves head coaches . Saunders and Adelman are the only two who have been Timberwolves head coach for more than two complete seasons . Saunders returned to the Timberwolves in 2013 as President of Basketball Operations and part-owner , and became head coach once again in 2014 .
Though none of the Timberwolves coaches have been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach , Kevin McHale has been elected into the Hall of Fame as a player in 1999 . McHale coached the Timberwolves in two separate stints , and was the Timberwolves Vice President of Basketball Operations from 1995 to 2009 . Sidney Lowe is the only person to have been both a player ( 1989–1990 ) and a head coach ( 1993–1994 ) for the Timberwolves .
Key
Head coaches
Note : Statistics are current through April 23 , 2022 .
Head coaches with multiple tenures
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of the Timberwolves . Thus , any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once .
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NBA season .
References
General
Specific
Lists of National Basketball Association head coaches by team
Head coaches
Karl Peter Andreas Faber ( 12 August 1773 – 19 January 1853 ) was a Prussian archivist and historian .
A native of Königsberg , East Prussia , Faber became chief archivist of the Prussian State Archive in 1808 after attending the University of Königsberg . Faber and Ernst Hennig were the first of Königsberg 's archivists to approach the subject in a scientific manner . Faber made public letters from Martin Luther to Albert , Duke of Prussia in 1811 . Works by Faber include their Taschenbuch für Königsberg in 1829 and Die Haupt- und Residenzstadt Königsberg in 1841 . They also briefly produced a newspaper , Königsberger Abendzeitung , in 1831 and received an honorary doctorate from the philosophy faculty in 1837 . Faber died in their native city .
References
1773 births
1853 deaths
19th-century German historians
German archivists
University of Königsberg alumni
University of Königsberg faculty
19th-century German male writers
German male non-fiction writers
Friedrich Schumann ( 1863–1940 ) was a German psychologist .
Education and Career
Friedrich Schumann habilitated in 1892 with Georg Elias Müller in Göttingen . From 1894 to 1905 , they were assistant to Carl Stumpf in Berlin . In 1904 , they were a founding member of the `` Society for Experimental Psychology '' in Giessen ( renamed `` German Psychological Society '' in 1929 ) . From 1905 to 1910 , they were professor of philosophy in Zurich and director of the psychological laboratory . After the death of Hermann Ebbinghaus ( 1909 ) , they were co-editor of the `` Journal of psychology and physiology of the senses '' . From 1910 to 1929 , they headed the Institute of Psychology in Frankfurt on the Main . Led by Schumann , the experimental psychological laboratory in Frankfurt made an important contribution to the formation of the Frankfurt and Berlin School of Gestalt psychology ( Max Wertheimer , Kurt Goldstein , Wolfgang Köhler , Kurt Koffka ) .
References
1863 births
1940 deaths
German psychologists
Kupšinci ( ; , Prekmurje Slovene : Küpšinci ) is a village in the Municipality of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
There is a Lutheran chapel in the settlement . It was built in the early 20th century in a Neo-Romanesque style with a three-storey belfry .
References
External links
Kupšinci on Geopedia
Populated places in the City Municipality of Murska Sobota
Alice Rosalyn Koroma ( June 27 , 1932 – July 6 , 2012 ) was the mother of Sierra Leone 's president , Ernest Bai Koroma , and a longtime primary school teacher in Makeni . They were a longtime member of the Wesleyan Church congregation in Makeni , and in the 1960s they were a member of the Makeni city council from the People 's Congress ( APC ) party . Koroma , whose political career stems back to the 1960s , `` was a strong supporter '' and `` advocate of women 's rights '' . They were very active in the political scene of Sierra Leone and was a former leader of the People 's Congress ( APC ) Women 's Congress in Bombali District in the later half of the 1960s .
Koroma , who was reportedly not suffering from any illness , died unexpectedly on June 6 , 2012 , in their home in the northern city of Makeni . Them death was shocking news across Sierra Leone and many Sierra Leoneans , including politicians regardless of political parties , civil servants , religious leaders , journalists and the general population express condolences and sympathy to President Koroma and their family .
Early life
Koroma was born on June 27 , 1932 , in the village of Kamabai , Biriwa Chiefdom , Bombali District in the Northern Province of British Sierra Leone to ethnic Limba parents . They were raised in a deeply religious Christian household . They later moved to Makeni to further their education .
Family
Koroma was married to a deeply religious Christian preacher , Sylvanus Koroma , a native of Makeni . The couple had seven children and resided in Makeni . They and their husband where longtime members of the Wesleyan Church congregation in Makeni . Their oldest son is Sierra Leone 's president Ernest Bai Koroma .
Death
Koroma , who was reportedly not suffering from any illness , died unexpectedly on July 6 , 2012 , in their home in the northern city of Makeni . Them death was shocking news across Sierra Leone and many Sierra Leoneans , including politicians , civil servants , religious leaders , journalists and the general population express condolences and sympathy to President Koroma and their family .
Funeral service
Alice Koroma funeral was held at the Wesleyan Church in Makeni and was attended by many senior Sierra Leonean politicians regardless of political parties , including their son President Ernest Bai Koroma , First Lady Sia Koroma , Vice President Alhaji Samuel Sam-Sumana , former President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah former Vice President Solomon Ekuma Berewa , speaker of Parliament Abel Nathaniel Stronge , Chief Justice Haja Umu Hawa Tejan Jalloh , leader of the main opposition Sierra Leone People 's Party ( SLPP ) John Oponjo Benjamin , leader of the PMDC Party Charles Francis Margai , defense minister , and former deputy defense minister Joe Blell .
Also in attendance at the funeral in the Wesleyan Church in Makeni included Christians and Muslims religious leaders , senior Sierra Leone Police officers , including Inspector General of the Sierra Leone Police Francis Alieu Munu , and members of the international delegations , mainly from West Africa including the First Lady of Nigeria Patience Jonathan .
References
External links
So Alice has gone , just like that
President Koroma 's mother has died | The Sierra Leone Telegraph
1932 births
2012 deaths
All People 's Congress politicians
People from Makeni
NGC 542 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Andromeda , which is approximately 215 million light years from the Milky Way . Together with the galaxies NGC 529 , NGC 531 , and NGC 536 , it forms the Hickson Compact Group 10 , abbreviated HCG 10 . It was discovered by Irish astronomer R.J. Mitchell in 1885 .
See also
List of NGC objects ( 1–1000 )
References
External links
Spiral galaxies
0542
Andromeda ( constellation )
005360
Laila Dåvøy ( born 11 August 1948 , in Bergen ) is a Norwegian nurse and politician for the Christian Democratic Party . They are a former member of the Norwegian parliament and a former Minister and leader of the Norwegian Nurses ' Union .
Career
Dåvøy was a member of the executive committee of Askøy municipal council from 1983 to 1987 . From 1987 to 1991 they were a deputy member of Hordaland county council .
From 1989 to 1990 , during the cabinet Syse , Dåvøy was appointed personal secretary ( today known as political advisor ) in the Ministry of Culture and Church Affairs . From August to November 1990 they were State Secretary in the same ministry .
A nurse by education , Davøy was the leader of the Norwegian Nurses ' Union 1992 - 1998 .
In 1999 they were appointed Norwegian Minister of Labour and Administration in the first cabinet Bondevik , an office they left when the cabinet fell in 2000 . From 2001 to 2005 , when the second cabinet Bondevik held office , Dåvøy was Norwegian Minister of Children and Family Affairs .
They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Hordaland in 2005 and re-elected in 2009 . They did not seek reelection to the parliament in 2013 .
Personal life
Dåvøy lives in Askøy , is married and has three children .
References
1948 births
Living people
Members of the Storting
Government ministers of Norway
Ministers of Children , Equality and Social Inclusion of Norway
Christian Democratic Party ( Norway ) politicians
Norwegian Christians
Hordaland politicians
Norwegian state secretaries
University of Bergen alumni
Women government ministers of Norway
People from Askøy
21st-century Norwegian politicians
21st-century Norwegian women politicians
Women members of the Storting
Norwegian women state secretaries
Zura or Zur ' a may refer to :
People with the given name Zura
Zura Barayeva ( died 2002 ) , a Chechen participant in the Moscow theater hostage crisis
Zura Begum , a Union of Burma legislator and member of the Burmese parliament in the 1950s
Zura Bitiyeva ( 1948–2003 ) , a Chechen human rights activist , assassinated in 2003
Zura Karuhimbi ( 1925–2018 ) , a Rwandan humanitarian
Zura Tkemaladze ( born 2000 ) , a Georgian tennis player
People with the surname Zura
Abu Zurʽa al-Razi ( died 878 ) , an Iranian Muslim scholar
Edmundo Zura ( born 1983 ) , an Ecuadorian footballer
Ibn Zur ' a ( 943–1008 ) , a philosopher in Baghdad
Other uses
Zura , Afghanistan , a village in Balkh Province
Zura , a language related to the Enya language of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Moḩammad Zūrā , a village in Iran
Ercheia zura , also known as Ercheia diversipennis , a species of moth
See also
Zuras , a Marvel comics character
The Hornpipe Heights ( ) are a group of partly exposed ridges rising to about lying between Sullivan Glacier , Mikado Glacier , and Clarsach Glacier in the northern part of Alexander Island , Antarctica . Whistle Pass is adjacent to the northeastern part of the heights . The heights were so named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1977 in association with Whistle Pass .
See also
Care Heights
Herschel Heights
Sutton Heights
References
Ridges of Alexander Island
Flins may refer to
Flins ( mythology ) , god of death in Wendish mythology
Flins-sur-Seine , French commune in Yvelines
Flins-Neuve-Église , French commune in Yvelines
Flins Renault Factory , car factory at Flins-sur-Seine
Nontraditional Love is a dystopian novel written by the Russian writer Rafael Grugman and describes an alternative future where heterosexuality is outlawed .
The novel was first published by Liberty Publishing House in November 2008 and nominated for the 2009 Rossica Translation Prize . Nontraditional Love combines satire with Orwellian themes for a unique look at morals and society .
Plot
The scene is the twenty-third century . USA .
Nontraditional Love describes a homosexual world in which mixed-sex marriages are forbidden . The homosexual society is intolerant of dissidents . Intimacy between the sexes is rejected . World history and the classics of world literature , such as Tolstoy , Shakespeare , Dumas ... have been falsified in order to support the ideology of this opposite world .
At the heart of the novel is a love story between a man and a woman who are forced to hide their feelings and pass as homosexuals .
After Robert Marcus ' secret wife Liza abandoned them for another man , they decide to make a radical change in life and become a normal gay man . Their first male partner should have been Jacob Stein , a retired police officer , but during their first date Jacob dies .
Is it a murder or an accident ? The FBI begins an investigation and accuses Robert of killing Jacob . The situation becomes complicated because Jacob Stein in their youth made the fateful mistake by having sex with a woman and Liza is Jacob 's daughter ...
The plot follows Robert Marcus , a heterosexual who has a clandestine affair with Liza . They hide from authorities by feigning marriage to the same gendered persons of another couple . All four live in a two family house . At night , they secretly change rooms to sleep their lovers while carrying on as homosexual couples during the day . Normal reproduction is also illegal , but the couples pretend to have artificially inseminated children , the boy being raised by the men and the girl being raised by the women . After a while Liza leaves this arrangement . Robert tries to make a go of converting to being homosexual to make life easier for himself . They meet an older man who dies in their bed . Robert is accused of murder , confirming that heterosexuals are a menace to society . The rest of the book follows Robert in a riveting 1984-Kafkaesque experience .
In the second book , I Was a Man in a Past Life , the main characters ' adventures continue . We learn that Liza Conde is descended from the Princes of Conde , a branch of the Bourbon dynasty , which died out in the nineteenth century . Hypothetically , they have a claim to the French throne , which accounts for the murders of some of their close relatives , committed by a descendant of Napoleon Bonaparte who has dreams of resurrecting the empire .
Publication history
The novel was first published in New York by Liberty Publishing House in 2008 . The book was translated from Russian by Geoffrey Carlson .
In Russia , the novel was first published in Moscow in 2020 under the title `` Запретная любовь . Forbidden Love '' , — Russia , Moscow , Rodina , 2020
E-book : The Twenty Third Century : Nontraditional Love , — Strelbytskyy Multimedia Publishing , 2017
Critical reception
Mariano Martín Rodríguez , Doctor in Philology and a member of the research group on utopias and future history HISTOPIA ( Universidad Autónoma de Madrid ) wrote in ( Anti ) Gay Utopian Fiction in English and Romance Languages : an Overview : ‘ We can doubt whether the celebration of a hypothetically persecuted heterosexuality as a symbol of the right to difference in later gay dystopias ... Among them , there is a relatively recent one , written in Russian and translated into English in 2008 , Rafael Grugman ‘ s Nontraditional Love . As it is the case in earlier examples of homosexual domination , at least from “ The Crooked Man ” onwards , the heterosexual male hero-victim in this novel must come to terms with the fact that they are a member of a rejected minority , from which they and their female partner must hide their love through family arrangements with fellow-minded and orientated couples . In this future Earth , a global accident has turned most people from heterosexual to homosexual , as well as their descendants , while former homosexuals have become heterosexuals , bringing about a full reversal . Biological maternity had to be replaced by gestational surrogacy for both gay and lesbian couples , now forming the majority ...
Regarding Grugman 's heterosexist ‘ traditional ‘ perspective , it may be of interest to compare Nontraditional Love with an earlier lesbian narrative , Cy Jung 's Hétéro par-ci , homo par le rat ( 1999 ) , which is set in a fictional world similar to the one imagined by Grugman ... '
In Rodríguez opinion , ‘ Consciously or not , Grugman ‘ s narrative echoes current discourses against gay and lesbian assertiveness underlying legislation enacted to prevent any alleged gay proselytizism ... Homosexuality is thus presented as a threat to society at large , and Grugman just turns this threat into reality in their dystopia . At any rate , Grugman offers a late specimen of anti-gay utopia in a period when homosexuality had virtually disappeared from the utopian genre , except for a few appropriations of it by the gays themselves , after the long silence in the closet . ' < ref > Mariano Martín Rodríguez , ( Anti ) Gay Utopian Fiction in English and Romance Languages : an Overview '' , MORUS – Utopia e Renascimento , v. 11 , n. 1 , 2016 , p. 217-218 < /ref >
Debbie Pope writes in March 2016 , Issue 8 of Lateral Magazine : The freedom of a genre : Sexuality in speculative fiction :
'In another twist of today 's society , Nontraditional Love '' by Rafael Grugman ( 2008 ) puts together an upside-down society where heterosexuality is outlawed , and homosexuality is the norm . A ‘ traditional ' family unit consists of two dads with a surrogate mother . Alternatively , two mothers , one of whom bares a child . In a nod to the always-progressive Netherlands , this country is the only country progressive enough to allow opposite sex marriage . This is perhaps the most obvious example of cognitive estrangement . It puts the reader in the shoes of the oppressed by modelling an entire world of opposites around a fairly “ normal ” everyday heterosexual protagonist . A heterosexual reader would not only be able to identify with the main character , but be immersed in a world as oppressive and bigoted as the real world has been for homosexuals and the queer community throughout history .
“ Politically , I 'd give this book five stars for what it attempts and accomplishes . However , as an overall enjoyment experience , I 'd have to give this book four stars . While I was pretty gripped to the story , I was n't really emotionally involved enough , which is my requirement for giving five stars . But if you like Kafka 's “ The Trial ” and Terry Gilliam 's film “ Brasil ” , this is definitely the book for you ” .
References
2008 American novels
Bisexuality-related fiction
Dystopian novels
American science fiction novels
Novels set in the 23rd century
Novels set in the United States
American erotic novels
Novels with gay themes
2000s LGBT novels
American LGBT novels
Russian LGBT novels
Lynette Ann Larsen ( born 3 February 1963 in Lismore , New South Wales ) is a former Australian cricketer . They were captain of the Australian national team from 1985/6 to 1993 . They captained the side in 10 Test matches , including 5 victories . The number of Test matches in which they were captain , number of matches won , and percentage of victories , are all records for Australia . They also captained the side in 39 one-day internationalss , winning 27 and losing 10 , including winning the World Cup in 1988 .
In all , Larsen played in 15 Test matches , scoring 410 runs at a batting average of 41.00 with a high score of 86 . They also bowled 354 overs of leg spin , taking 26 wickets at a bowling average of 18.73 and giving away under 1.5 runs per over .
Belinda Clark took over as ODI captain in 1991/2 and as Test captain in 1994/5 .
Larsen was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1999 . They were inducted into the New South Wales Cricket Hall of Fame in 2010 , along with Stan McCabe and Mark Waugh . In 2013 Larsen became the first female cricketer to be appointed to the Sydney Cricket Ground Trust .
References
External links
Player profile from Cricinfo
Lyn Larsen at CricketArchive
Lyn Larsen at southernstars.org.au
1963 births
Living people
Australia women Test cricketers
Australia women One Day International cricketers
New South Wales Breakers cricketers
People from Lismore , New South Wales
Cricketers from New South Wales
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Members of the Order of Australia
The 2019 Canberra Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts . It was the fourth edition of the tournament which was a part of the 2019 ATP Challenger Tour . It took place in Canberra , Australia between 6 and 12 January 2019 .
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of December 31 , 2018 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Aaron Addison
Thomas Bosancic
Tom Evans
James Frawley
Bradley Mousley
The following players received entry into the singles main draw using their ITF World Tennis Ranking :
Marco Bortolotti
Sadio Doumbia
Colin Sinclair
Alexander Zhurbin
The following players received entry into the singles main draw as alternates :
David Barclay
Maxime Chazal
Matthew Romios
Sem Verbeek
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Fabrice Martin
Lucas Vuradin
Champions
Singles
Hubert Hurkacz def . Ilya Ivashka 6–4 , 4–6 , 6–2 .
Doubles
Marcelo Demoliner / Hugo Nys def . André Göransson / Sem Verbeek 3–6 , 6–4 , [ 10–3 ] .
2019 ATP Challenger Tour
2019 in Australian tennis
January 2019 sports events in Australia
Canberra Challenger
L. H. Sudath Manjula ( born 10 December 1972 ) is a Sri Lankan politician and Member of Parliament .
Manjula was born on 10 December 1972 . They were educated at Ruwanwella Rajasinghe Maha Vidyalaya .
Manjula was a member of Ruwanwella Divisional Council . They were arrested in December 2013 over an alleged assault of a Department of Archaeology employee . They contested the 2020 parliamentary election as a Sri Lanka People 's Freedom Alliance electoral alliance candidate in Kegalle District and was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
References
1972 births
Local authority councillors of Sri Lanka
Living people
Members of the 16th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Prisoners and detainees of Sri Lanka
Sinhalese politicians
Sri Lankan Buddhists
Sri Lankan prisoners and detainees
Sri Lanka People 's Freedom Alliance politicians
Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna politicians
Hasan Abdulkareem Jabbar Sayyid ( ; born 1 January 1999 ) , also known as Qoqiah ( ) , is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a midfielder for Iraqi club Al-Zawraa and the Iraq national team .
Club career
Al-Shorta
Senior debut
Abdulkareem was promoted from the Al-Shorta youth team to their first team in summer 2018 . They made one start and six substitute appearances for the club in their 2018–19 Iraqi Premier League title-winning campaign .
Loans to Al-Karkh
In Autumn 2019 , Abdulkareem joined Al-Karkh on loan , before returning to their parent club Al-Shorta for the restarted 2019–20 season in February 2020 , making one appearance . Abdulkareem joined Al-Karkh on loan again for the 2020–21 season , where they won Soccer Star 's Young Player of the Season award .
Al-Karkh
Abdulkareem joined Al-Karkh on a permanent basis ahead of the 2021–22 season .
International career
Abdulkareem represented Iraq at under-19 and under-23 levels .
They made their senior debut on 30 November 2021 , in the 2021 FIFA Arab Cup group-stage game against Oman . Having been substituted in the second half , they scored a penalty in stoppage time to help their team draw 1–1 .
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list Iraq 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Abdulkareem goal .
Honours
Al-Shorta
Iraqi Premier League : 2018–19
Al-Karkh
Iraq FA Cup : 2021–22
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Baghdad
Iraqi footballers
Association football midfielders
Al-Shorta SC players
Al-Karkh SC players
Al-Zawraa SC players
Iraqi Premier League players
Iraq youth international footballers
Iraq international footballers
Philip Keith Golding ( born 25 July 1962 ) is an English professional golfer .
Career
Golding was born in Luton , Bedfordshire . They were a promising cricketer who played for Middlesex Colts before they took up golf at the age of 17 . They turned professional in 1981 , becoming an assistant at their local golf club .
Golding has been a regular fixture at the European Tour 's qualifying school , where in 2007 they stretched their record to 18 appearances . They have often won a tour card , but up to the age of forty they had never done well enough on the Tour to retain their card automatically .
In 2003 Golding won the Open de France , one of Europe 's most prestigious events , on their 201st tour start . Their prize of €416,660 was more than twice as much as they had ever won in a complete season before that year , and they went on to finish the season in a career best 32nd place on the Order of Merit . After falling away again in 2004 they had a solid season in 2005 , with a pair of top ten finishes , but they have struggled since , returning to qualifying school again in 2006 and 2007 . In 2008 , they were again unable to retain their place on the elite tour , and dropped back down to the second tier Challenge Tour for 2009 .
Having been a past winner of the Open de France , Golding had an exemption to play on the European Senior Tour from their 50th birthday in mid-2012 . Golding won on the European Senior Tour for the first time in August 2013 when they took the Speedy Services Wales Senior Open . They won for a second time the following season at the French Riviera Masters and had two more wins in 2017 , in the Swiss Seniors Open and the Travis Perkins Masters . In 2018 they had their biggest senior success , winning the Staysure PGA Seniors Championship .
Professional wins ( 10 )
European Tour wins ( 1 )
Challenge Tour wins ( 3 )
Other wins ( 1 )
1996 Mauritius Open
European Senior Tour wins ( 5 )
European Senior Tour playoff record ( 0–1 )
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the halfway cut
Note : Golding only played in The Open Championship .
Results in World Golf Championships
`` T '' = Tied
See also
2007 European Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
English male golfers
European Tour golfers
European Senior Tour golfers
PGA Tour Champions golfers
Sportspeople from Luton
1962 births
Living people
Holger may refer to :
People
Holger ( given name ) , includes name origin , plus people with the name
Hilde Holger , stage name of dancer , choreographer and dance teacher Hilde Boman-Behram ( née Hilde Sofer , 1905–2001 )
Fictional characters
Holger Danske , a legendary Danish hero
Other uses
Holger Danske ( Resistance group )
Holger Danske ( opera )
9266 Holger , a main-belt asteroid
Radio Holger
Shri Ganesh Mahima also called Shri Krishna Vivah is a 1950 Hindi mythological film directed by Homi Wadia . The film was made under Wadia 's Basant Pictures Banner with music composed by S. N. Tripathi . Meena Kumari , after their career as a child artist , started doing adult roles as heros in mythologicals and fantasy genres before they made it in mainstream cinema with Baiju Bawra ( 1952 ) . The cast included Meena Kumari , Mahipal , S. N. Tripathi , Amarnath and Dalpat . It 's a side story and indirect sequel to Hanuman Patal Vijay .
Plot
Ganesha curses Chandra ( Moon ) for their vanity when they laugh at him . On asking forgiveness the curse is changed so that the effect occurs only on the auspicious day of Ganesh Chaturthi . Anyone looking at the moon will fall prey to false charges . Lord Krishna ( Mahipal ) looks at the moon and is accused of having stolen the Syamantaka Mani by Satrajit whose daughter Satyabhama ( Meena Kumari ) is keen on marrying Krishna . The film follows the fight between Lord Krishna and Jambavan for twenty-one days , with the recovery of the jewel and their marriage to Satyabhama .
Cast
Meena Kumari as Satyabhama
Mahipal as Lord Krishna
S. N. Tripathi
Indira Billi
Moolchand
Vimal
Mangala
Dalpat
Amarnath
Box-Office
The film did not strictly adhere to the telling of Ganesha 's story from the classics but focused on a particular incident covering Lord Krishna . It attracted media publicity and became successful at the box-office `` breaking box-office records '' .
Remakes
It was remade in Telugu as Vinayaka Chavithi 1957 with NTR playing their iconic role , character of Krishna and in Hindi once again as Shree Ganesh in 1962 by Babubhai Mistry , with Mahipal reprising their iconic role as Lord Krishna , the actor who had played Satrajit , also reprised their role . The song Surya Dev Dinesh Hai , which played during Satrajit worship of Lord Surya was reused in that movie . In both remakes , Krishna Kumari starred as Rukmini.Ot was remade again in 1977 as Jai Dwarkadheesh , by Sushil Gupta , to serve as sequel to prequel remake Hanuman Vijay which also retained ensemble same cast , starring Ashish Kumar , Kanan Kaushal , Radha Saluja , Jayshree T , Manher Desai , Anita Guha , Hercules , B M Vyas , Bharat Bhushan , S.N.Tripati .
Director : .
Music
The film had music directed by S. N. Tripathi and lyrics by Ramesh Pandey . The main singers were Mohammed Rafi and Geeta Dutt .
Song list
References
External links
1950 films
1950s Hindi-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Films directed by Homi Wadia
Hindu mythological films
Films based on the Mahabharata
Ganesha in popular culture
Krishna in popular culture
The 1917 New South Wales state election was held on 24 March 1917 . This election was for all of the 90 seats in the 24th New South Wales Legislative Assembly and it was conducted in single-member constituencies with a second ballot if a majority was not achieved on the first . The 23rd parliament of New South Wales was dissolved on 21 February 1917 by the Governor , Sir Gerald Strickland , on the advice of the Premier William Holman .
Since the previous election , Premier Holman had left the Labor Party with 17 of their supporters and entered into a coalition with the opposition Liberal Party , as a result of the 1916 conscription dispute that split the Labor Party nationally . In early 1917 , Holman 's supporters merged with the Liberals to form the New South Wales branch of the Nationalist Party . Although the merged party was dominated by former Liberals , Holman became its leader , and thus remained premier .
The Nationalists won a sweeping victory , scoring a 13-seat swing which was magnified by the large number of former Labor MPs who followed Holman out of the party . It thus presaged the federal Nationalists ' equally comprehensive victory in the federal election two months later .
Key dates
Results
{ { Australian elections/Title row
| table style = float : right ; clear : right ; margin-left:1em ;
| title = 1917 New South Wales state election
| house = Legislative Assembly
| series = New South Wales state election
| back = 1913
| forward = 1920
| enrolled = 1,109,830
| total_votes = 616,146
| turnout % = 61.43
| turnout chg = -6.81
| informal = 6,332
| informal % = 1.02
| informal chg = –1.28
} }
| }
Retiring members
See also
Candidates of the 1917 New South Wales state election
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly , 1917–1920
Notes
References
Elections in New South Wales
New South Wales State Election , 1917
1910s in New South Wales
New South Wales State Election , 1917
Christian Brothers High School may refer to schools under the auspices of both the Congregation of Christian Brothers and the De La Salle Brothers , using the name Christian Brothers .
Australia
Christian Brothers School , Balmain , New South Wales
Christian Brothers College , Burwood , New South Wales
Christian Brothers ' High School , Lewisham , New South Wales
Christian Brothers College , Rose Bay , New South Wales
Christian Brothers College , Adelaide , South Australia
Christian Brothers ' College , Perth , Western Australia
Christian Brothers College , St Kilda , Victoria
United States
Christian Brothers High School ( Sacramento , California )
Christian Brothers College High School , St. Louis , Missouri
Christian Brothers Academy ( New Jersey ) , Lincroft
Christian Brothers Academy ( Albany , New York )
Christian Brothers Academy ( DeWitt , New York )
Christian Brothers High School ( Memphis , Tennessee )
Quincy Notre Dame High School , in Quincy , Illinois , a.k.a . Christian Brothers High School
Elsewhere
Christian Brothers College , Cork , Ireland
Christian Brothers ' School , Glen Road , Belfast , Northern Ireland
Christian Brothers Grammar School , Omagh , Northern Ireland
Christian Brothers ' College , Mount Edmund , Pretoria , South Africa
Christian Brothers College , Bulawayo , Zimbabwe
Christian Brothers High School or Kavanagh College , Dunedin , New Zealand
See also
List of Christian Brothers schools
Christian Brothers ( disambiguation )
Margaret Gipsy Moth ( January 30 , 1951– March 21 , 2010 ) was a photojournalist who worked for CNN .
Early life
Born in Gisborne , New Zealand , as Margaret Wilson , they got their first camera at age 8 .
They were the first news camerawoman in New Zealand , originally for the local DNTV2 station in the South Island before working for the national TVNZ channel .
They changed their name to Margaret Gipsy Moth reportedly because of their love for parachuting from Tiger Moth airplanes and their desire to have their `` own '' name .
Career
Moth moved to the United States and worked for KHOU in Houston , Texas , for about seven years before moving to CNN in 1990 .
Moth covered the Persian Gulf War , the rioting that followed Indira Gandhi 's assassination , the civil war in Tbilisi , Georgia , and the Bosnian War . They had been described by colleagues as quirky , tough , fearless and funny .
In July 1992 , Moth was shot and severely wounded while filming in Sniper Alley in Sarajevo . Because of this injury , considerable damage was done to their body , and their speech became slurred . Despite their injuries , they returned to work in Sarajevo six months later , joking that they were going back to look for their missing teeth .
In 1992 , Moth won a Courage in Journalism Award from the International Women 's Media Foundation ( IWMF ) .
They were the subject of the CNN documentary Fearless : the Margaret Moth Story , which aired in October 2009 . It was the story of them reporting the news in dangerous war zones , without fear . In the documentary , they were quoted as saying , `` I 've gotten everything out of life . ''
Final years
In 2007 , Moth was diagnosed with colon cancer . Two years later , they told a CNN documentary crew , `` I would have liked to think I 'd have gone out with a bit more flair ... the important thing is to know that you 've lived your life to the fullest .... You could be a billionaire , and you could n't pay to do the things we 've done . ''
In early September 2009 , they entered a hospice in Rochester , Minnesota , where they died on March 21 , 2010 , at the age of 59 .
References
1951 births
2010 deaths
Deaths from cancer in Minnesota
Deaths from colorectal cancer
People from Gisborne , New Zealand
New Zealand photojournalists
New Zealand women photographers
`` Sonífera Ilha '' is the debut single by Brazilian rock band Titãs , released in 1984 . The song , as well as its b-side `` Toda Cor '' , was co-composed by Ciro Pessoa , one of the lead singers and founding members of the group , who would leave the band before the release of their first , self-titled album , in which the single and the b-side were included . `` Sonífera Ilha '' is among a few of Ciro 's contributions to Titãs .
Although coming from an album that sold poorly , the song was a great hit in Brazil . According to website `` A Vitrine do Rádio '' and the Rolling Stone Brasil magazine , it was the song with most airplay in the country in 1984 .
Then vocalist Paulo Miklos ( main singer of the song ) described the track in 2012 as follows : `` A ska with a kinda dodecaphonic thing , a kinda weird phrase , telling a cock-and-bull story . I never knew what the song is about . ''
In a 2020 video , then former vocalist and bassist Nando Reis commented that `` Sonífera Ilha '' was the only song that the audience knew at the time of its release and their other songs sounded too different from the track , and that because of it they would sometimes perform the song three times in a single show .
The song has been covered by artists such as Adriana Calcanhotto , Pato Fu and Blitz , among others ( see details below ) .
Track listing
Titãs Trio Acústico version
In 2020 , the band , then reduced to a trio ( Branco Mello on vocals , acoustic guitar and bass ; Sérgio Britto on vocal , keyboards and bass ; and Tony Bellotto on vocals , acoustic and electric guitar , re-recorded the track as part of their Titãs Trio Acústico project. < ref name= '' oglobosi '' > { { cite web |last=Essinger |first=Silvio |title=Tony Bellotto : 'Estão vendo um novo sentido para a letra de 'Sonífera ilha |url=https : //oglobo.globo.com/cultura/tony-bellotto-estao-vendo-um-novo-sentido-para-letra-de-sonifera-ilha-1-24326619 |work=O Globo |publisher=Grupo Globo |access-date=25 March 2020 |date=25 March 2020 } } < /ref >
The new version , sung by Mello , received a video with guest appearances by band Os Paralamas do Sucesso ; musicians Rita Lee , Roberto de Carvalho , Andreas Kisser , Lulu Santos , Cyz Mendes ( singer who guest performed on the band 's opera rock , Doze Flores Amarelas ) , Érika Martins , Elza Soares and marcelo fEdi Rock ; actors Fábio Assunção and Fernanda Montenegro ; sports commentator and former football player Casagrande ; and Marcelo Fromer 's ( the band 's guitarist until their death in 2001 and co-author of the track ) daughter , Alice .
The video was directed by Otávio Juliano , who said : `` 'Sonífera Ilha ' is a song that left a deep mark in generations . When I listened to the new acoustic version , I felt it was more than a song , it was a state of mind . It came from there the idea of inviting artists and friends that were part of Titãs ' history , bringing their personalities and embarking on this state of mind with the band '' .
The guest appearances were recorded by the artists themselves in their houses ; such aesthetics would end up coinciding with the quarantine to which several people subjected themselves due to the coronavirus pandemic in 2020 . By then , Bellotto said in an interview to O Globo newspaper :
Cover versions
Adriana Calcanhotto , on their 1990 debut album Enguiço Paulinho Moska on their 1997 live album Através do Espelho Moraes Moreira ( from Novos Baianos ) on their solo album 50 Carnavais Terra Samba ( 2004 )
Karla Sabah on their 2004 solo album Drum 'n Bossa Blitz on their 2006 live album Blitz - Com Vida Pot-pourri recorded the song and it was featured as the opening theme for the Rede Globo telenovela Três Irmãs ( Three Sisters )
Pato Fu on their 2010 album Música de Brinquedo ''
References
1984 debut singles
1984 songs
Titãs songs
Warner Music Group singles
Songs written by Marcelo Fromer
Songs written by Tony Bellotto
Teksla Island ( ) ( called Norris Island in Australia ) is the largest island in the Colbeck Archipelago near the coast of Mac . Robertson Land , 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) north of Chapman Ridge . Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from aerial photographs taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition , 1936–37 , and named Teksla ( the coopers axe ) .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Mac . Robertson Land
Nanur ( , also Romanized as Nanūr ; also known as Nanor and Pahlavī Dezh ) is a village in Nanur Rural District , Nanur District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 530 , in 88 families . The village is populated by Kurds .
References
Towns and villages in Baneh County
Kurdish settlements in Kurdistan Province
Neocytherideididae is a family of ostracods belonging to the order Podocopida .
Genera :
Copytus Skogsberg , 1939
Hemicytherideis Ruggieri , 1952
Microhoweina Mohammed & Keyser , 2012
Neocopytus Kulkoyluoglu , Colin & Kiliç , 2007
Neocytherideis Puri , 1952
Papillosacythere Whatley , Chadwick , Coxill & Toy , 1987
Procytherideis Ruggieri , 1978
Sahnia Puri , 1952
Sahnicythere Athersuch , 1982
References
Ostracods
F. Calvert Strong ( August 12 , 1907 – January 27 , 2000 ) was an American water polo player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Biography
Strong was born in Jacksonville , Illinois and died in Carmichael , California . They were part of the American team which won the bronze medal . They played all four matches . In 1981 , they were inducted into the USA Water Polo Hall of Fame .
See also
List of Olympic medalists in water polo ( men )
References
External links
Interview 1988 by George Hodak
1907 births
2000 deaths
American male water polo players
Water polo players at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in water polo
Sportspeople from Jacksonville , Illinois
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
People from Carmichael , California
Emilio Sánchez was the defending champion , but lost in the first round this year .
Guillermo Pérez Roldán won the title , defeating Marián Vajda 6–3 , 7–6 in the final .
Seeds
Emilio Sánchez ( first round )
Johan Kriek ( quarterfinals )
Joakim Nyström ( semifinals )
Jonas Svensson ( first round )
Milan Šrejber ( second round )
Thomas Muster ( second round )
Eric Jelen ( first round )
Jonathan Canter ( first round )
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1987 BMW Open draw
Singles
Shoeybabad ( ) may refer to :
Shoeybabad-e Now
Good name may refer to :
Good name , an alternative term for a person 's given name in South Asia
Good Name , a film directed by Evgeniy Sivokon
Good Name , an album by William Onyeabor
`` A Good Name '' , an episode of the television series The Scarlet Pimpernel
`` A Good Name '' , a song by Shad from the album TSOL
Biburg is a municipality in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Kelheim ( district )
Angadenia is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1878 . It is native to Florida and the West Indies .
Species
Angadenia berteroi ( A.DC . ) Miers - Florida , Bahamas , Cuba , Hispaniola , Turks & Caicos Islands
Angadenia lindeniana ( Müll.Arg . ) Miers - Cuba , Hispaniola , Jamaica
formerly included
References
Echiteae
Apocynaceae genera
Tamarine Tanasugarn and Varatchaya Wongteanchai are the defending champions of the Women 's Doubles competition of the 2011 Southeast Asian Games . Tanasugarn decided not to participate and Wongteanchai partnered with Nicha Lertpitaksinchai . Second seed Noppawan Lertcheewakarn and Nungnadda Wannasuk won the title by beating Wongteanchai and Lertpitaksinchai 6–3 , 6–2 in the final .
Medalists
Draw
Seeds
All seeds received bye to the quarterfinals .
Ayu-Fani Damayanti / Jessy Rompies ( semifinals )
Noppawan Lertcheewakarn / Nungnadda Wannasuk ( champion )
Lavinia Tananta / Grace Sari Ysidora ( quarterfinals )
Nicha Lertpitaksinchai / Varatchaya Wongteanchai ( final )
Main draw
References
Draw
SEAG2011 Start/Result Lists - Tennis
Women 's Doubles
Parker Carson Airport is a privately owned , public use airport located five nautical miles ( 6 mi , 9 km ) east of the central business district of Carson City , Nevada , United States . It was formerly known as Parker Carson STOLport .
Facilities and aircraft
Parker Carson Airport covers an area of 14 acres ( 6 ha ) at an elevation of 4,939 feet ( 1,505 m ) above mean sea level . It has one runway designated 6/24 with a gravel surface measuring 815 by 40 feet ( 248 x 12 m ) . This runway was formerly 1,700 feet ( 518 m ) in length .
For the 12-month period ending June 12 , 2000 , the airport had 1,500 general aviation aircraft operations , an average of 125 per month . At that time there were 5 aircraft based at this airport : 60 % ultralight and 40 % single-engine .
References
External links
Aerial image as of September 1999 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Nevada
Buildings and structures in Carson City , Nevada
Transportation in Carson City , Nevada
Awaaz India TV is a Hindi-language 24/7 news television channel based in Nagpur , owned by Aman Kamble .
It covers mainly the state of Maharashtra .
See also
National Dastak
Lord Buddha TV
References
Hindi-language television channels in India
Television channels and stations established in 2009
Hindi-language television stations
Television stations in India
Benedict of Bari ( c. 1150 – 1220 ? ) , Italian Benedetto da Bari , Latin Benedictus Barensis , was a Benedictine monk of Santissima Trinità della Cava dei Tirreni who wrote the Christian theological treatise De septem sigillis ( On the Seven Seals ) . This is the only major work of theology written at La Cava .
Benedict was a native of Bari . They identify themselves as Barensis dictus , `` called the Bariot '' . They were probably born early in the second half of the 12th century . They wrote De septem sigillis between 1208 and 1232 . According to a later note discovered by Jean Mabillon , it was completed around 1227 . A 19th-century abbot , however , reported an entry for Benedict in the abbey 's necrology for 1220 .
De septem sigillis survives in a single illustrated manuscript in Beneventan script kept at La Cava ( Cavensis 18 ) . It may be Benedict 's autograph . It contains a miniature , perhaps also by Benedict himself , depicting the author handing a copy of their work to their abbot , who is depicted mitred and seated on a chair . The author is depicted advanced in age with a younger man 's head imposed above him . This single double-headed figure is probably intended to represent the author when they began and when they finished . De septem sigillis is the product of a lifetime . The caption identifies the abbot as Balsamon .
De septem sigillis is divided into six books subdivided into 361 chapters . The six books are :
De incarnatione Verbi ( On the Incarnation of the Word )
De circumcisione et baptismo ( On Circumcision and Baptism )
De passione et morte ( On Suffering and Death )
De resurrectione Christi ( On the Resurrection of Christ )
De ascensione et adventu Spiritus ( On the Ascension and the Advent of the Spirit )
De misterio resurrectionis et forma iudicii ( On the Mystery of the Resurrection and Judicial Forms )
Benedict is not systematic in their approach . Their work covers the Bible , theology , morality and asceticism . Their writing is elegant , their Latinity good and they incorporate several songs . They may have been influenced by Joachim of Fiore . Their handling of the Book of Revelation is notable for its clarity .
Editions
Giuseppe Micunco ( ed . ) , I setti sigilli , Per la Storia della Chiesa di Bari-Bitonto , Vol . 32 ( Edipuglia , 2018 ) .
References
External links
Video presentation of Cavensis 18
1150s births
1220 deaths
People from Bari
13th-century Latin writers
Italian Benedictines
Benedictine writers
Benedictine theologians
In statistics , hypotheses suggested by a given dataset , when tested with the same dataset that suggested them , are likely to be accepted even when they are not true . This is because circular reasoning ( double-dipping ) would be involved : something seems true in the limited data set ; therefore we hypothesize that it is true in general ; therefore we wrongly test it on the same , limited data set , which seems to confirm that it is true . Generating hypotheses based on data already observed , in the absence of testing them on new data , is referred to as post hoc theorizing ( from Latin post hoc , `` after this '' ) .
The correct procedure is to test any hypothesis on a data set that was not used to generate the hypothesis .
The general problem
Testing a hypothesis suggested by the data can very easily result in false positives ( type I errors ) . If one looks long enough and in enough different places , eventually data can be found to support any hypothesis . Yet , these positive data do not by themselves constitute evidence that the hypothesis is correct . The negative test data that were thrown out are just as important , because they give one an idea of how common the positive results are compared to chance . Running an experiment , seeing a pattern in the data , proposing a hypothesis from that pattern , then using the same experimental data as evidence for the new hypothesis is extremely suspect , because data from all other experiments , completed or potential , has essentially been `` thrown out '' by choosing to look only at the experiments that suggested the new hypothesis in the first place .
A large set of tests as described above greatly inflates the probability of type I error as all but the data most favorable to the hypothesis is discarded . This is a risk , not only in hypothesis testing but in all statistical inference as it is often problematic to accurately describe the process that has been followed in searching and discarding data . In other words , one wants to keep all data ( regardless of whether they tend to support or refute the hypothesis ) from `` good tests '' , but it is sometimes difficult to figure out what a `` good test '' is . It is a particular problem in statistical modelling , where many different models are rejected by trial and error before publishing a result ( see also overfitting , publication bias ) .
The error is particularly prevalent in data mining and machine learning . It also commonly occurs in academic publishing where only reports of positive , rather than negative , results tend to be accepted , resulting in the effect known as publication bias .
Correct procedures
All strategies for sound testing of hypotheses suggested by the data involve including a wider range of tests in an attempt to validate or refute the new hypothesis . These include :
Collecting confirmation samples
Cross-validation
Methods of compensation for multiple comparisons
Simulation studies including adequate representation of the multiple-testing actually involved
Henry Scheffé 's simultaneous test of all contrasts in multiple comparison problems is the most well-known remedy in the case of analysis of variance . It is a method designed for testing hypotheses suggested by the data while avoiding the fallacy described above .
See also
Bonferroni correction
Data analysis
Data dredging
Exploratory data analysis
HARKing
p-hacking
Post hoc analysis
Predictive analytics
Texas sharpshooter fallacy
Type I and type II errors
Uncomfortable science
Notes and references
Statistical hypothesis testing
Misuse of statistics
Multiple comparisons
El Biodh ( Arabic : البيوض ) is a municipality in Naâma Province , Algeria . It is part of Mécheria District and has a population of 3.776 , which gives it 7 seats in the PMA . Its postal code is 45110 and its municipal code is 4509 .
Populated places in Naâma Province
Andrea Fitting is the first female director of Parkvale Bank , the sixth-largest bank headquartered in the Pittsburgh region and the 26th-largest public company in Pennsylvania . They are serving their fourth term in this capacity . Fitting is founder and CEO of Fitting Group , a branding agency headquartered in Pittsburgh .
Career
Fitting holds B.A . and Ph.D. degrees in Anthropology/Archaeology from the University of Pittsburgh and is a former Fulbright Scholar . They have taught courses at California University of Pennsylvania , Carnegie Museum of Natural History , Carlow University and the University of Pittsburgh .
In 1986 , Fitting launched Fitting Group with only $ 800 and with no experience . They received international media coverage when Fitting Group launched a controversial marketing campaign to promote their Brand Spanking process that featured a whip-bearing dominatrix .
As a result of their company 's attention-grabbing marketing campaign , Fitting 's expert branding opinions have been frequently published . They have been quoted on the marketing tactics of companies such as Nike and Abercrombie and Fitch , as well as Martha Stewart 's brand .
In 2013 , Fitting Group was acquired by C-leveled .
Within the Pittsburgh region , Fitting has held several prominent positions . From 1995 to 1998 , they served on the Consumer Advisory Council of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission , and from 1998 to 2003 , they were former Pennsylvania Governor Tom Ridge 's appointee to the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission . Fitting also currently serves on the board of Pittsburgh Social Venture Partners .
Awards
Extensive recognition has been awarded to Fitting for their work and involvement in the entrepreneurial community .
Some of their awards are :
YWCA/NAWBO Woman Entrepreneur of the Year ( 1994 )
Pennsylvania Honor Roll of Women ( 1996 )
Best 50 Women in Business in Pennsylvania ( 1998 )
Susan B. Anthony award for Leadership ( 1999 )
Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year finalist ( 2002 )
SBN Magazine Pacesetters ( 2003 )
Girl Scouts Trillium Council Woman of Distinction Award ( 2008 )
Notes
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
University of Pittsburgh alumni
American women chief executives
American chief executives of financial services companies
21st-century American women
St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr 's Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Chicopee , Massachusetts , United States . Founded 1891 , it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts .
History
In 1890 Bishop Patrick O'Reilly appointed Fr . Franciszek Chalupka spiritual adviser to the group responsible for organizing new parishes and entrusted them with organizing a new St. Stanislaus Parish in Chicopee , Massachusetts for Polish immigrants .
In 1902 the Franciscans of the Province of St. Anthony of Padua , took over the parish .
On July 7 , 1991 during the parish 's centennial celebrations , Pope John Paul II raised the status of the church to a `` minor basilica '' .
Church
The first , wooden , church of St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr was in the place where now stands a parochial St. Stanislaus School . First Christmas Eve Mass was celebrated by Fr . Franciszek Chalupka in 1891 in an unfinished church . The church was the first church in the St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr 's Parish , and the first Polish-American church in the western part of Massachusetts .
Second church
To accommodate the growing number of parishioners , the large brown stone second church in the Baroque Revival Style cathedral-like style was built in 1908 on Front St . It can accommodate about 800 parishioners in the main and two side naves . In 1920 a pipe organ was installed .
The basilica has stained glass windows , between which walls are decorated with Stations of the Cross . Carved and painted figures are placed in small niches . The architect for this church was Reiley and Steinback of New York .
Lower church
The style of the lower church is more contemporary . A large collection of relics in reliquaries is displayed in specially built cabinets near the sacristy .
School
St. Stanislaus School , Chicopee ( Grade PK -8 )
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr 's - Diocesan information
St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr 's - ParishesOnline.com
St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr 's - TheCatholicDirectory.com
St. Stanislaus Basilica : Photo Gallery by The Catholic Photographer
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic churches in Chicopee , Massachusetts
Long Live may refer to :
Vive , viva , and vivat , interjections used in the Romance languages usually translated to English as `` long live ''
Music
Long Live ( Atreyu album ) and song of the same name .
Long Live ( The Chariot album )
`` Long Live '' ( Taylor Swift song )
`` Long Live '' ( Florida Georgia Line song )
See also
There have been two sites with Theatre Royal in Edinburgh . The first Theatre building on Princes Street opened 1769 and is shown before it was rebuilt in 1830 by Thomas Hosmer Shepherd . The second site was in Broughton Street .
History
The first Theatre Royal was in Shakespeare Square , at the east end of Princes Street . This was opened 9 December 1769 by actor-manager David Ross . Mary Bulkley performed here during the 1780s . In July 1792 Harriet Pye Esten became the theatre manager when they purchased the lease . The theatre had been run by Stephen Kemble but they lost the rights to perform which were withdrawn by Esten 's lover Douglas Hamilton , 8th Duke of Hamilton . In 1794 Esten returned the rights to Stephen Kemble to perform in Edinburgh in exchange for £200 a year .
In 1809 the theatre was taken over by Sarah Siddons 's actor son , Henry Siddons . It went into a period of decline under their control , but following their death in 1815 was revived by their wife , Harriet Siddons and their brother William Henry Murray who controlled the theatre until 1851 .
The theatre was at its peak from 1815 to 1850 , and it was rebuilt in 1830 .
The first theatre was demolished in 1859 to make way for the building of the General Post Office .
The royal patent and title was then transferred to the Queen 's Theatre and Operetta House in a site in Broughton Street , on an earlier Circus ( previously the Adelphi Theatre ) . The manager of the theatre was Robert Henry Wyndham . It burned down and was rebuilt in 1865 , 1875 , and 1884 , each time retaining the patent . The last architect was Charles Phipps when in 1884 it was leased to Cecil Beryl of the Princess 's Theatre , Glasgow . This Theatre Royal became part of Howard & Wyndham Ltd formed in Glasgow in 1895 . From the 1920s Howard & Wyndham leased it out to Fred Collins , lessee of Glasgow 's Pavilion Theatre , as the Theatre Royal Varieties , with the Collins family establishing its wardrobe and production centre adjacent . It was destroyed by fire in 1946 and not rebuilt only due to post-war shortages of building materials .
References
External links
Playbills of the Theatre Royal , Edinburgh from National Library of Scotland
Arthur Lloyd
Paul Iles and The Laughing Audience playbill collection
Edinburgh 's Theatre Royal – a history
Theatres in Edinburgh
Former theatres in Scotland
1769 establishments in Scotland
Walter J. Leonard ( October 3 , 1929 – December 8 , 2015 ) was an American lawyer and university administrator . As an administrator at Harvard University , they pioneered affirmative action in admissions . They were the president of Fisk University , a historically black university in Nashville , Tennessee , from 1977 to 1984 .
Early life
Walter J. Leonard was born on October 3 , 1929 in Alma , Georgia . They grew up in Savannah , Georgia , where their father worked for a railroad company and their mother was a midwife .
Leonard graduated from Morehouse College . They attended Savannah State University and Atlanta University , and they earned a law degree from the Howard University School of Law in 1968 .
Career
Leonard began their career as the assistant dean of the Howard University School of Law in 1968 . They joined the Harvard Law School as `` assistant dean and assistant admissions director '' in 1969 . In 1971 , they became special assistant to Harvard University 's President Derek Bok . They worked on the Harvard Plan , `` one of the country 's earliest and most effective affirmative-action programs , which became a model for other universities around the country . '' Leonard was also the chairperson of the founding committee of the W. E. B . Du Bois Institute at Harvard University .
Leonard served as the president of Fisk University , a historically black university in Nashville , Tennessee , from 1977 to 1984 . They fundraised $ 12 million , but refused to sell the university 's art collection . They also invited Jesse Jackson to speak on campus which `` some trustees feared would alienate white donors '' . Leonard was forced to resign after they `` clashed with some of the university 's biggest donors , who vowed not to give money to Fisk as long as Mr. Leonard was president . '' Their letter of resignation , sent in November 1983 , was addressed to Bahamian politician Timothy Donaldson , who was the chairperson of the board of trustees at the time . Donaldson accepted the resignation ; however , Leonard was asked to serve as president until the end of the academic year of 1983–1984 .
Leonard was a `` distinguished senior scholar '' at their alma mater , Howard University , from 1984 to 1986 , executive assistant to the governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands from 1987 to 1989 , and the executive director of Communities in Schools from 1990 to 1994 .
Personal life , death and legacy
With their wife Betty Singleton , Leonard had a son and a daughter ; they resided in Chevy Chase , Maryland . They died of Alzheimer 's disease on December 8 , 2015 at their retirement home in Kensington , Maryland , at age 86 . Their daughter , Angela Leonard , is an associate professor of History at Loyola University Maryland .
References
1929 births
2015 deaths
People from Bacon County , Georgia
People from Chevy Chase , Maryland
Morehouse College alumni
Howard University alumni
Harvard University administrators
Presidents of Fisk University
African-American lawyers
African-American academics
Deaths from dementia in Maryland
Deaths from Alzheimer 's disease
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
`` Come and See Her '' is a song written by Stevie Wright and George Young . It was originally recorded by the Australian rock group the Easybeats in 1966 , whose version reached # 3 on the Australian charts . It was the group 's debut single in the United Kingdom , released on the United Artists Records in July 1966 .
Single track listing
Australian release
Come and See Them
I Can See
UK release
Come and See Them
Make You Feel Alright ( Women )
Charts
References
1966 singles
1966 songs
The Easybeats songs
Songs written by Stevie Wright ( Australian singer )
Songs written by George Young ( rock musician )
Parlophone singles
Albert Productions singles
Textile management is an interdisciplinary research subject where management issues in the textile and fashion industry ( i.e . the value chain of textile products from concept to customer ) are studied . Textile management can be described as studies of practices related to the textile and fashion industry , including studies of the organization and management of textile and fashion-related supply and demand chains , including design and product design , product development , production and manufacturing processes , procurement , distribution and logistics , marketing , market communication and merchandising , retailing , consumer analyses , consumer behaviour , sustainability etc . The reverse flow is also addressed , the aim of which is to recreate lost value , such as returns management , organization of recycling and reuse , etc .
Researchers within Textile management have different backgrounds and the diversity mirrors the wide range of perspectives . Thus , Textile management is a multi- and interdisciplinary research area , i.e . a cluster of fields , which borrows different theoretical lenses and uses them in an applied setting . Researchers study different phenomenon , from entrepreneurship and innovation to integration of sustainability within the industry and local production of fashion . The diversity is also mirrored in used research methods and views of knowledge . Qualitative methods ( e.g . to understand ethics and moral within supply chains and local , slow production ) as well as quantitative methods ( e.g . to develop traceability systems ) .
The discipline of Textile Management and related subjects ( i.e . Textile and Apparel Management ( TAM ) and Fashion management ) is a word wide area of education that , along similar lines , focuses on the study of textile & fashion businesses and value chains , entrepreneurship and consumers . There are educations at both bachelor ( B. Sc ) , master ( M . Sc . ) and Doctor of Philosophy ( Ph . D ) levels in different countries such as Sweden , France , Romania , USA and UK .
References
Textile arts
Tramutola ( Lucano : ) is a village and comune in the province of Potenza , in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata ( otherwise known as Lucania ) .
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Dunderdalen is a valley on Wedel Jarlsberg Land within the Sør-Spitsbergen National Park , on the southwestern part of Spitsbergen , Svalbard . The valley has a length of about 16 km , and opens into Dunderbukta .
References
Valleys of Spitsbergen
Friedrich Heinrich Karl Bobzin ( born 1826 ) was a German artisan and revolutionary who became a member of the German Workers ' Society in Brussels in 1847 . They participated in the Baden-Palatinate uprising of 1849 . Together with Struve , Bobzin headed the petty bourgeoisie emigrants in London .
References
German socialists
German revolutionaries
1826 births
Year of death missing
The Great Southern wine region is in Western Australia 's Great Southern region . It comprises an area from east to west and over from north to south , and is Australia 's largest wine region .
It has five nominated subregions for wine , the Porongurups , Mount Barker , Albany , Denmark and Frankland River under the geographical indications legislation as determined by the Australian Wine and Brandy Corporation . The vineyards spread throughout the area known for production of high quality vines have significant variations of terroir and climate dictated in part by the distance however the region is the coolest of Western Australia 's viticultural areas , with a similar maritime influenced Mediterranean climate to Margaret River although with slightly less rainfall . This diverse region is known for Riesling , Chardonnay , Cabernet Sauvignon , pinot noir , Shiraz , and Malbec .
Subregions
Albany is a subregion of the Great Southern region of Western Australia . Albany 's climate is maritime , strongly shaped and moderated by the Southern Ocean ; the standard description is that it is Mediterranean , with moist , cool winters and warm , dry summers . Diurnal temperature range is minimal , and moderate humidity in summer assists ripening by reducing stress on the vines . Soil types of the region are either lateritic gravelly , sandy loams or sandy loams derived directly from granite and gneissic rocks .
Denmark the coastal neighbour of Albany is one of the five subregions of Great Southern . Marginally wetter and cooler than Albany , although the differences are not of significant magnitude . The climate is broadly similar to Albany ; the varieties being grown and the wine styles are also similar .
Frankland River is one of the five subregions of the Great Southern in Western Australia . It is situated in the northwestern corner of the region , its western boundary touching the eastern side of Manjimup . It is the most northerly , inland subregion of Great Southern , still Mediterranean in terms of dominant winter-spring rainfall , but with greater continentality . The soils are chiefly derived from lateric gravelly sandy loams or sandy loams derived from granite or gneissic rocks , and so are typically rich , red in color and of uniform depth with some areas carrying marri and karri loams . The climatic influences for the area favor medium-bodied , Bordeaux style red varieties , and with the excellent adaptation of slightly earlier-maturing Shiraz .
Mount Barker this cool subregion is generally regarded as the most important subregion of the Great Southern . Ripening month and average temperatures in the established Mount Barker vineyards are significantly lower than in the Médoc , and significantly lower than in the lower warmer Bordeaux appellations such as Saint Emilion and Pomerol . Average ripening period sunshine hours at Mount Barker together with the whole season measure of sunshine hours are nearly identical with those of Bordeaux . Situated in the middle of the Great Southern , with strong continental aspects together with marri soils and lateritic gravely and sandy loams provided from the granite rock backdrop the region is suited to Riesling , Shiraz , Cabernet Sauvignon , and Pinot noir .
Porongurup is the fifth of the subregions of the Great Southern , just east of Mount Barker ; and especially , the slopes facing north and north-east . The Porongorups are a small , isolated range of intrusive granite , of which slopes enjoy outstanding air drainage . The Porongorups ranges has one of the richest concentrations of plant species worldwide and is one of only 34 internationally significant hotspots for biodiversity . The Porongurup range is one of the oldest mountain ranges in the world , dating roughly around 1.1 to 1.4 billion years old which places its formation in the ‘ Proterozoic ' Eon . It owes its formation to the massive tectonic forces that have shaped the southern and western coasts of Australia , a likely result of a collision between the Australian and Antarctic landmasses . The climate is Mediterranean with cool to mild winters and warm , sunny summers . While conditions are cooler and more humid higher up in the ranges with occasional snow on the taller peaks for short periods during winter and spring . The soils are ancient , deep karri loams derived from weathered granite . Porongurup is strongly indicated for all high quality white wine varieties such as Riesling , Traminer , Chardonnay , and red wine varieties such as Pinot noir , and Pinot Meunier .
History
The international definition and recognition of this area as a distinct and unique wine growing area goes back to 1859 , when original settler George Egerton-Warburton planted vines on their St Werburgh 's property near Mount Barker and bottled their first vintage two years later . However , the first real commercial foundations were laid in the late 1930s by horticulturalist Bill Jamieson . Their extensive knowledge of the area 's soils and climate was augmented by the research of Californian Professor Harold Olmo in 1955 during a government-sponsored trip to Western Australia . Olmo spent eight months in Western Australia at the invitation of the Western Australian Vine Fruits Research Trust , while on leave from their post as Professor of Viticulture at the University of California . When they published their report in 1956 , one of the recommendations put forward was that Mount Barker and the Frankland area of Western Australia showed great promise for making table wines in the light traditional European style . This was further backed up by agricultural and viticultural scientist Dr John Gladstones in 1963 , and endorsed by the Western Australian Grape Industry Committee ( 1964 ) .
A year later , Jamieson and Houghton 's celebrated winemaker Jack Mann , went to Mount Barker and the first experimental cuttings were planted in 1965 at Forest Hill .
Wineries
Plantagenet Wines
Forest Hill Wines
Goundrey Wines
Howard Park , MadFish , and Marchand & Burch Wines
Houghton Wines
Castle Rock Estate
3 Drop Wines
Castelli Estate
Willoughby Park
Singlefile Wines
In the media
The Porongurup wine region was featured on the ABC Television programme Landline in the July 2010 episode `` Great Southern Land '' .
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Wine Australia : The Great Southern wine region
Margaret River Visitor Centre : The Great Southern
Denmark Wine Region : Denmark Wine Region
Wine regions of Western Australia
Great Southern ( Western Australia )
The 1913 municipal election was held December 8 , 1913 to elect a mayor and five aldermen to sit on Edmonton City Council , trustees to sit on the public school board , and four trustees to sit on the separate school board .
There were ten aldermen on city council , but five of the positions were already filled : Hugh Calder , Joseph Driscoll , James East , Gustave May , and Harry Smith had all been elected to two-year terms in 1912 and were still in office . Each voter could cast up to five votes .
There were eight trustees on the public school board , but three of the positions were already filled : Alex Butchart , K W MacKenzie , and J J McKenzie had been elected to two-year terms in 1912 . The election of five trustees in 1913 would bring the board 's size to eight , an increase from seven . To keep an equal number of trustees elected each year , L D Parney was acclaimed to a one-year term .
There were seven positions on the separate board , but three of them were already filled : Wilfrid Gariépy , M J O'Farrell , and Milton Martin had been acclaimed to two-year terms in 1912 , and were still in office . The election of four trustees in 1913 would bring the board 's size to seven , an increase from six .
The 1913 election was the first election in Edmonton 's history to see an incumbent mayor defeated . It is also the closest mayoral race in the city 's history as measured by percentage of the vote , although the absolute difference in votes between candidates in the 1903 election was smaller .
Voter turnout
8916 voters cast ballots . There were 27672 eligible voters , for a voter turnout of 32.2 % .
Results
bold indicates elected
italics indicate incumbent
South Side indicates representative for Edmonton 's South Side , with a minimum South Side representation instituted after the city of Strathcona , south of the North Saskatchewan River , amalgamated into Edmonton on February 1 , 1912 .
Mayoral election
William J. McNamara - 4,376 ( 50.21 % )
William Short - 4,340 ( 49.79 % )
Aldermanic election
Aldermanic election conducted using Plurality block voting .
Each voter could cast up to five votes .
Joseph Clarke - 3617 ( elected )
Alexander Campbell - 3559 ( elected )
Rice Sheppard - 3525 ( elected )
J . A. Kinney - 3319 ( union support ) ( South Side ) ( elected ) *
Robert Douglas - 3288 ( elected )
J.R. McIntosh - 3287
Dr. Campbell - 2850
C. Gowan - 2790
A.T. Mode - 2788
T.J. Walsh - 2707
S.H.Smith - 2730
John Cook - 1037
Total number of votes cast in aldermanic contest : 34,994
All elected were white males .
James Kinney was the first alderman elected with direct labour union endorsement , from the Edmonton Trades and Labour Council . James East and Rice Sheppard had been previously elected but although holding pro-labour views had not been actual Labour candidates .
Public school board election
Each voter could cat up to five votes .
Walter Ramsey - 4111 ( elected )
A E May - 3343 ( elected )
J Hill - 3287 ( elected )
Samuel Barnes - 3173 ( elected )
Dr. Park - 2583 ( elected )
Dr. Frank Crang - 2314
T.H . Miller - 1645
Louise Moore - 1491
Alice Hill - 867
Separate ( Catholic ) school board election
Each voter could cast up to three votes .
Joseph Henri Picard '' - 448 ( elected )
J O'Neill - 321 ( elected )
D J Gilmurray - 310 ( elected )
E P O'Donnell - 262 ( elected )
J.W . Heffernan - 248
J.W . Connelly - 230
References
City of Edmonton : Edmonton Elections
1913
1913 elections in Canada
1913 in Alberta
Tot Island ( ) is a small island lying just north of the northeast end of Lahille Island , off the west coast of Graham Land . First charted by the British Graham Land Expedition ( BGLE ) under Rymill , 1934–37 . So named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) in 1959 because the island is very small .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Widnes Dock was the first rail-to-ship facility in the world . It was built in 1833 between the end of the Sankey Canal and the St Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway in Widnes .
History
The remains of the dock are to be found on Spike Island . The island was at the centre of the chemical industry in the 19th century and became heavily polluted . In operation the dock was topped up by its own adjacent reservoir . The dock closed in the 1930s and it along with its lock and reservoir were filled in .
Between 1975 and 1982 the island was cleaned up . During this time part of the original dock was dug out to a depth of around 3 feet . The dock is now used for recreational purposes and fishing .
In 1864 the nearby West Bank Dock was opened and took traffic away from Widnes Dock . The West Bank Dock closed in the 1970s and was itself redeveloped into the current dock , the Mersey Multimodal Gateway .
References
External links
The location on an 1888-1913 Overlay OS Map via National Library of Scotland
MultiMap
Disused Stations
Mersey docks
Ports and harbours of Cheshire
1833 establishments in England
Rafał Przybylski ( born 19 February 1991 ) is a Polish handball player for KS Azoty-Puławy and for the Polish national handball team .
They competed at the 2017 World Men 's Handball Championship in France .
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Szczecin
Polish male handball players
Expatriate handball players
Polish expatriate sportspeople in France
Vidyananda was an 8th-century Indian Jain monk .
Life
Vidyananda was a Digambara Jain logician , scholar and monk in Pataliputra . They were born in 750 AD and died in 800 . Madhvacharya , a Hindu philosopher has mentioned about Vidyananda .
Works
They wrote Ashtasahasri which is a commentary on Samantabhadra 's Devagamastotra .
Legacy
Another digambara acharya with the same name flourished in the 20th-century India .
References
Citations
Sources
Indian Jain monks
8th-century Indian Jains
8th-century Jain monks
8th-century Indian monks
750 births
800 deaths
Christian Daniel Fjeldsted ( 20 February 1829 – 23 December 1905 ) was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) from 1884 to their death . Fjelsted was one of the first Scandinavian converts to Mormonism and was a prominent Mormon missionary to their home country of Denmark and the other Scandinavian countries .
Fjeldsted was born in Sundbyvester in Copenhagen , Denmark . In 1851 , they and their wife were taught about Mormonism from LDS Church missionary and apostle Erastus Snow . They became members of the LDS Church in 1852 . The following year , they were ordained an elder in the church by Peter O. Hansen and they came to preside over districts of the church in Amager and Ålborg , Denmark and Christiania ( now Oslo ) , Norway .
In 1858 , Fjeldsted and their family emigrated to Utah Territory to join the gathering of Latter Day Saints in Salt Lake City . From 1867 to 1870 , Fjeldsted served a church mission to Denmark and Norway . In 1884 , they became a member of the church 's First Seven Presidents of the Seventy . As a general authority of the church , Fjeldsted served two more missions to Scandinavia , including two terms as the president of the Scandinavian Mission of the church from 1888 to 1890 and from 1904 to 1905 . Fjeldsted also served missions in northern Utah and in Chicago , Illinois among Scandinavian emigrants .
Shortly after returning to Utah from Scandinavia , Fjeldsted died in Salt Lake City . They were a practitioner of plural marriage and had four wives and fifteen children .
References
Andrew Jenson . Latter-day Saint Biographical Encyclopedia 3:746 ; 4:370 .
Andrew Jenson . Encyclopedia History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints p. 593 .
External links
Grampa Bill 's G.A . Pages : Christian D. Fjelsted ( sic )
State of Utah Death Certificate
< center >
1829 births
1905 deaths
19th-century Mormon missionaries
20th-century Mormon missionaries
American Latter Day Saints
Converts to Mormonism
Danish Latter Day Saints
Danish Mormon missionaries
Danish emigrants to the United States
Danish general authorities ( LDS Church )
Mission presidents ( LDS Church )
Mormon missionaries in Denmark
Mormon missionaries in Norway
Mormon missionaries in Sweden
Mormon missionaries in the United States
Mormon pioneers
People from Copenhagen
Presidents of the Seventy ( LDS Church )
Henry Abyngdon , Abingdon or Abington ( ca . 1418 – 1 September 1497 ) was an English ecclesiastic and musician , perhaps the first to receive a university degree in music .
Biography
They may have been connected with the village of Abington in Cambridgeshire . As a cleric at Eton College in 1444 they received a life annuity from Humphrey , Duke of Gloucester , and was a member of the household chapel of the Duke from 1445 to 1447 . They then succeeded John Bernard as succentor of Wells Cathedral on 24 November 1447 ( holding that post until their death ) and was a canon from 1458 . They were admitted a Bachelor of Music at Cambridge on 22 February 1463 , this being the first musical degree recorded at any university . In addition to the succentorship at Wells , Abyngdon held the office of Master of the Children of the Chapel Royal in London , to which they were appointed in May 1465 at an annual salary of forty marks , confirmed to them by a subsequent Act of Parliament in 1473–74 . They were also made Master of St. Catherine 's Hospital , Bedminster , Bristol , in 1478 .
Reputation
They are said to have been pre-eminent both as a singer and an organist , although none of their works are known to have survived . Two Latin epitaphs on Abyngdon by Sir Thomas More have been preserved . In these they themselves is styled `` nobilis '' , and their office in London `` cantor '' . One of them calls them
Notes
References
Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians , second edition
1418 births
1497 deaths
English classical organists
English classical singers
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
15th-century musicians
15th-century English people
Masters of the Children of the Chapel Royal
Jamie Theresa Phelps , O.P . ( born October 24 , 1941 ) is an American Catholic theologian . Phelps , who is African American , is known for their contributions to womanist theology .
Biography
Phelps was born in Alabama , the youngest of six children of a Catholic household . They became an Adrian Dominican Sister in 1959 .
Phelps pursued their PhD in systematic theology from Catholic University of America , publishing their dissertation in 1989 as The Mission Ecclesiology of John R. Slattery . They have taught at Loyola University , Chicago and Seattle University , and for eight years as Director of the Institute for Black Catholic Studies and the Katharine Drexel Professor of Systematic Theology at Xavier University in New Orleans .
Phelps helped to restart the annual meetings of Black Catholic Theological Symposium in 1991 , after two first meetings in 1978 and 1979 .
Honors
In 2010 , Phelps received the Ann O'Hara Graff Memorial Award from the Women 's Seminar in Constructive Theology of the Catholic Theological Society of America .
Works
References
1941 births
Living people
Catholic University of America alumni
African-American theologians
Religious studies scholars
Women Christian theologians
Womanist theologians
20th-century American Roman Catholic theologians
21st-century American Roman Catholic theologians
African-American Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American writers
21st-century American women
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American writers
Pokémon XD : Gale of Darkness , released in Japan as , is a role-playing video game , part of the Pokémon franchise , released for the GameCube . It is the successor of the GameCube game Pokémon Colosseum . The game takes place in Orre , the setting of Pokémon Colosseums adventure mode . All of the Game Boy Advance Pokémon games can connect to this game through trading and Battle Mode .
Gameplay
Shadow Pokémon
The main focus of the game , like its predecessor , is to capture Shadow Pokémon and eject them . Shadow Pokémon are captured using the Snag Machine , as in Pokémon Colosseum . In this game there are 83 different Shadow Pokémon to eject . Each Shadow Pokémon has a set of Shadow moves that it knows to give it more variety in combat , which is a significant change from Pokémon Colosseum . Shadow moves can be either physical or special , which is the only type of move that was capable of this in Generation III . This changed once Generation IV brought physical and special moves for each type . These moves often have lower power than their non-Suspicious counterparts , but still inflict more damage due to being super effective . Their usefulness is also increased by not having to use PP when you use a move , as they can be used as often as needed within a single battle . If at some point in the game the player can not catch a Shadow Pokémon , there is a second chance available : at random points throughout the game an antagonist , Miror B. will appear and have a Shadow Pokémon that the player was not able to catch . Once the player has obtained 82 of the Shadow Pokémon , Miror B. will appear one final time with the final obtainable Shadow Pokémon in the game .
Purifying Shadow Pokémon
Once a Shadow Pokémon is captured the player then has to purify it . There are two different ways of purifying Pokémon : one way is to use the Purification Chamber , and the other is to carry the Pokémon in the party just like in Pokémon Colosseum . The Purification Chamber allows the player to place anywhere from 1 to 4 Pokémon in a circle and a Shadow Pokémon is placed in the center of this circle . Depending on the Pokémon that are placed in the circle the tempo will increase , which increases the speed of purifying the Shadow Pokémon . After that the Shadow Pokémon will be purified as the player walks around , and they will be notified when a Shadow Pokémon is ready to be purified . When the player carries the Pokémon in the party and battles with them , they will gain experience when they are purified . If the Purification Chamber is used then the Pokémon will not gain any experience , but with the Purification Chamber multiple Pokémon can be purified at the same time .
Mt . Battle
The Mt . Battle area is an area that is accessible early on in the game and is a 100 trainer challenge . The 100 battles are split into 10 battles in 10 different zones with the trainers in each zone being stronger than the ones in the zone before . The tenth trainer in each zone is called the Area Leader , and after each Area Leader is defeated the player gets a specific number of pokecoupons . When the player defeats an Area Leader the first time the player gets a special item . At the front desk Mt . Battle the player can exchange their pokecoupons for certain prizes .
Poke Spots
One other new aspect to the game is that there are three different PokeSpots throughout the game . At these special locations the player can lay Poke snacks in the area to cause wild Pokémon to appear . At these 3 locations 9 different wild Pokémon can be captured and they can be traded for rare Pokémon .
Story
The story begins five years after the events of Pokémon Colosseum with the introduction of The Hero ( named Michael by default ) as the main protagonist . Michael talks to Professor Krane , their mother 's boss , who introduces the concept of Shadow Pokémon , which are Pokémon whose hearts have been artificially closed . The criminal syndicate Team Cipher is creating and distributing them for their evil purposes . Krane also introduces the Snag Machine , which is used to capture Shadow Pokémon to purify . Krane entrusts Michael with the Snag Machine to capture these Shadow Pokémon and is given the Aura Reader ( the eye piece ) to identify them from normal Pokémon .
Shortly after this , Krane is kidnapped by Cipher agents . Michael goes after the Cipher Agents to rescue Krane , and soon is led on many adventures throughout Orre . They must defeat the Cipher Peons and Admins and rescue the shadow Pokémon to save Orre from the evil Cipher . At the end of the game , they must get to Citadark Isle and battle the main villain : Master Greevil , who , in the beginning of the game , was thinly disguised as an old rich man named Mr. Verich . After Michael defeats Greevil
and snags their shadow Pokémon , they must purify all of them , including the ( seemingly ) impossible to purify Shadow Lugia . After all of the Pokémon are purified , Michael returns home and puts down their snag machine , but they store it safely in their room to be used if it is ever needed again .
Development and marketing
In March 2005 , Nintendo of America executive Reggie Fils-Aimé said that Pokémon XD would be a new GameCube game , but not a sequel to Colosseum . They said that the gameplay would be more similar to the Game Boy Advance role-playing video games Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire .
Japanese gaming magazines Famitsu and CoroCoro Comic later gave screenshots and information that revealed that the game would have 3D graphics similar to those of its predecessor , Pokémon Colosseum . It was also revealed that the game would continue the inclusion of Shadow Pokémon and snagging from Colosseum . Nothing of the plot was revealed , other than the fact that a black Shadow Lugia was said to play a large part in the story . It was also revealed that the player starts with an Eevee , and that the levels progress more closely to the main handheld series . The Eevee that you are given by default can evolve into any of five Pokémon , Vaporeon , Flareon , Jolteon , Umbreon , or Espeon . Towards the start of the game when the player must enter the parts shop , there is a man who will give you any of the five evolution-inducers : Sun Shard , Moon Shard , Water Stone , Fire Stone , or Thunder Stone .
Nintendo released two demos to promote the game . In the demo released to retail stores , the player goes through two battles where the player can snag three Shadow Pokémon . The second demo was playable on the `` Pokémon Rocks America '' tour .
This game features two Sinnoh related Pokémon species from the Diamond and Pearl generation introduced in Pokémon : Destiny Deoxys , both of which evolve into previous species . They are Munchlax , which evolves into Snorlax , and Bonsly , which evolves into Sudowoodo . However , they can not be obtained in the Advanced series titles , because they lack the Sinnoh Pokédex , although the player can temporarily use Bonsly during one minigame .
Reception
Pokémon XD received mixed to positive reviews , usually scoring 6–7 out of 10 ( 8.6 out of 10 was its highest score ) .
The game was commonly criticized for having a large amount of recycled material from the earlier Pokémon Colosseum . This recycled material includes a number of reused areas , some recycled graphics and a modified engine . GameSpot commented that `` not much has changed since the original '' .
Another common complaint were the Poké Spot areas , regarded as very limited and small compared to Ruby and Sapphire . While discussing the mixed quality of the Pokémon console games , Retronauts recalled it as an example . Gamepro magazine gave the game a mixed review , criticizing the gameplay being monotonous and lacking challenge . They also felt the game `` does n't have the pizazz for mature audiences , '' but gave praise for the game 's flashy visual style of the Pokémon and their attacks , concluding “ Gale of Darkness is not a terminally unplayable game by any stretch of the definition , but gamers are going to really have to love Pokémon in order to find gratification here . ”
Like its predecessor , Pokémon XD was a commercial success , selling over 1 million units as of March 31 , 2006 .
References
External links
Official North American website
Official Japanese website
Pokémon XD : Gale of Darkness at Nintendo.com ( archives of the original at the Internet Archive )
The Official Pokémon Website
Role-playing video games
GameCube games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games set in Arizona
Video games scored by Tsukasa Tawada
GameCube-only games
Video game sequels
Genius Sonority games
Xd : Gale Of Darkness
Multiplayer and single-player video games
2005 video games
Games with GameCube-GBA connectivity
Stirling Point is a landmark at the southern end of the New Zealand town of Bluff , New Zealand . It is notable as the southern end of both State Highway 1 and Te Araroa ; both these facilities span the length of the country . Stirling Point hosts a signpost with multiple directional signs ; it is one of the most photographed items in Southland . Stirling Point has an anchor chain sculpture which replicates the sculpture on Stewart Island .
Captain William Stirling
The site is named for Captain Stirling ( 1812–1851 ) who operated a whaling station for Johnny Jones in this location from 1836 to 1844 when they took on the site 's ownership . Stirling , whose real name is believed to be Pankhurst or Pankhirst , was born in Broadstairs , England and ran away to become a seafarer when they were aged 14 .
Stirling Point signpost
The Stirling Point signpost was first erected in 1960 . The original wooden signpost had six destination blades including Dog Island , Ruapuke Island , Wellington , London and the South Pole . After repeated vandalism , a metal post was cemented into place and twelve destination blades were fitted .
Administratively , Bluff is part of Invercargill City and the signpost includes sister cities of Invercargill . The sister-city relationship with Hobart broke down in the late 1990s . The relationship with Kumagaya in Japan was formalised in 1993 and with Suqian in China in 2013 . When a Scottish tourist pointed out in 2017 that directions , distances and the coordinates displayed by the signpost were wrong , officials reviewed the setup and confirmed the errors . As part of the corrections implemented in late 2018 , Tokyo in Japan was removed from the signpost and replaced with Suqian , but the former sister city Hobart was kept on the sign .
References
Bluff , New Zealand
Tourist attractions in Southland , New Zealand
Headlands of Southland , New Zealand
State Highway 1 ( New Zealand )
Kathleen Kramedas McGuiness ( born 1966/1967 in Dover , Delaware ) is an American politician who has been the Delaware state auditor since January 2019 . In July 2022 , McGuiness was found guilty on multiple corruption charges .
On September 13 , 2022 , McGuiness lost their primary to challenger Lydia York .
Early life and career
McGuiness graduated from Cape Henlopen High School in 1985 . They earned their bachelor 's degree in biology at the Florida Institute of Technology and their bachelor 's degree in pharmacy from Northeastern University in Boston . After returning to Delaware , they bought a pharmacy in Rehoboth Beach , Delaware , where they were elected a town commissioner in 2000 . They sold their pharmacy in 2002 to become a real estate agent .
In 2010 , McGuiness and their family moved to Park City , Utah , and they resigned from the Rehoboth town board in 2012 because they were unable to attend the meetings . They moved back to Delaware and was elected to another term as a town commissioner in 2014 . As a member of the Democratic Party , McGuiness ran for lieutenant governor of Delaware in 2016 , but they lost the party 's nomination in the primary election . They were subsequently appointed to the Delaware State University Board of Trustees by then governor , Jack Markell and reelected to the town board in 2017 .
Delaware state auditor
In 2018 , McGuiness ran for state auditor . They won the Democratic Party nomination , defeating Kathleen Davies and former state representative Dennis E. Williams in the primary election . They defeated Republican James Spadola in the general election to become the first woman elected to the position . They were sworn into office on January 1 , 2019 , replacing Republican Tom Wagner , who had decided not to seek reelection after serving in the office since 1989 .
Corruption charges and convictions
On October 11 , 2021 , McGuiness was indicted on two felony charges and several misdemeanor charges alleging that they paid their daughter and their daughter 's friend nearly $ 30,000 from the state for jobs they did not work , orchestrated no-bid contracts for former campaign consultants while avoiding reporting requirements , and engaged in email surveillance and other intimidation of employees who became aware of their misconduct , among other charges . Them attorney released a statement saying that they are `` absolutely innocent of these charges '' , and the next day , they turned themselves in and pleaded not guilty to all the charges .
On July 1 , 2022 , McGuiness was found guilty of conflict of interest , structuring , and official misconduct . They were found not guilty of felony theft and intimidation . They face up to 1 year in prison , but has a presumptive sentence of probation .
On August 31 , 2022 , a judge overturned McGuiness 's structuring conviction , but upheld their convictions of conflict of interest and official misconduct . Them request for a new trial was denied .
References
External links
Government website
Campaign website
21st-century American criminals
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
American female criminals
American pharmacists
Delaware Democrats
Delaware State Auditors
Florida Institute of Technology alumni
Living people
People from Rehoboth Beach , Delaware
Women pharmacists
1967 births
Northeastern University alumni
American people of Greek descent
Delaware politicians convicted of crimes
Overturned convictions in the United States
Amiga Unix ( informally known as Amix ) is a discontinued full port of AT & T Unix System V Release 4 operating system developed by Commodore-Amiga , Inc. in 1990 for the Amiga computer family as an alternative to AmigaOS , which shipped by default .
Overview
Bundled with the Amiga 3000UX , Commodore 's Unix was one of the first ports of SVR4 to the 68k architecture . The Amiga A3000UX model even got the attention of Sun Microsystems , though ultimately nothing came of it .
Unlike Apple 's A/UX compatibility layer for System 7 applications , Amiga Unix contains no compatibility layer for AmigaOS applications . With few native applications available to take advantage of the Amiga 's significant multimedia capabilities , it failed to find a niche in the competitive Unix workstation market of the early 1990s . The A3000UX 's price of was also not very attractive compared to other Unix workstations at the time , such as the NeXTstation ( $ 5,000 for a base system , with a full API and many times the number of applications available ) , the SGI Indigo ( starting at $ 8,000 ) , or the Personal DECstation 5000 Model 25 ( starting at $ 5,000 ) . Sun , HP , and IBM had similarly priced systems . The A3000UX 's 68030 was noticeably underpowered compared to most of its RISC-based competitors .
Unlike typical commercial Unix distributions of the time , Amiga Unix included the source code to the vendor-specific enhancements and platform-dependent device drivers ( essentially any part that was n't owned by AT & T ) , allowing interested users to study or enhance those parts of the system . However this source code was subject to the same license terms as the binary part of the system it was not free software . Amiga Unix also incorporated and depended upon many open source components , such as the GNU C Compiler and X Window System , and included their source code .
Like many other proprietary Unix variants with small market shares , Amiga Unix vanished into the mists of computer history when its vendor , Commodore , went out of business . Today , Unix-like operating systems such as Minix , NetBSD , and Linux are available for the Amiga platform .
See also
Atari TT030 , Unix workstation from Atari
References
External links
Manual : Commodore , Amiga Unix , System V Release 4 , Learning Amiga Unix ( 11/1990 )
The Very Unofficial Commodore Amiga Unix ( AMIX ) Wiki
Video of AMIX running under FS-UAE
Amiga
Discontinued operating systems
UNIX System V
The Jarvis Stone School , alternately known as the South Salem Stone School , is a defunct school in Salem Township , Washtenaw County , Michigan , built in 1857 , and restored in the years leading up to 2007 .
History
When the Jarvis Stone School was built in 1857 , it replaced the unhewn log constructed Bullock 's Corners Schoolhouse which stood on the opposite corner since 1829 . Both of these schools were very much in the tradition of the common school movement of the 19th century which began around 1830 and was legislated closer to 1870 . This new school was named in honor of schoolboard member William Jarvis . During the school 's history , it has also been known as Salem Stone School and South Salem Stone School , especially in the years immediately following when the Jarvis family moved away from Salem Twp .
The student population of the Jarvis Stone School ranged from 20 to more than 30 . In its earliest years , the school year consisted of a 3 to 4-month winter term taught by a man and a 5-month summer session taught by a woman . Initially , salaries for the teacher 's ranged from 0 to $ 10 weekly .
The following is taken from the School Register and appears on the Salem Area Historical Area website . It also includes a sampling of the teacher salaries from 1866 to 1962 :
1866 Carrie Thayer- $ 28 per month- Tenure 13 weeks
1866 George P. Vorhies - $ 40 per month - Tenure - 16 weeks
1926-7 James Spencer - $ 140 per month - Tenure - 2 years
1933-4 Felice Beitel - $ 45 per month - Tenure - 2 years
1939-42 Ruth DeVine - $ 81 to $ 117 per month - Tenure - 4 years
1949-54 Esther French - $ 249 to $ 269 per month - Tenure - 6 years
1960-2 Roberta Scheidler - $ 363 per month - Tenure - 3 years
A typical day in the Jarvis-StoneSchool around 1900 was as follows with the numbers representing the grade level :
9:00 - 9:10 Opening Exercise
9:10 - 9:20 Beginner 's Reading ] ]
9:20 - 9:30 1 Reading
9:30 - 9:40 2 Reading
9:40 - 9:50 3 Reading
9:50 - 10:00 4 Reading
10:20 - 10:30 7-8 Literature
10:30 - 10:45 Recess
10:45 - 10:55 Beginner 's Reading
10:55 - 11:05 1/2 Reading
11:05 - 11:15 3 Spelling
11:15 - 11:25 4 Spelling
11:25 - 11:35 5 Spelling
11:35 - 12:00 7-8 Spelling
12:00 - 1:00 Noon Lunch and Recess ] ]
1:00 - 1:10 Beginner 's Reading
1:10 - 1:20 1 Reading
1:20 - 1:30 2 Reading
1:30 - 1:40 3 Arithmetic
1:40 - 1:50 4 Arithmetic
1:50 - 2:00 5 Arithmetic
2:00 - 2:15 7 Arithmetic
2:15 - 2:30 8 Arithmetic
2:30 - 2:45 Recess
2:45 - 2:55 4 Geography
2:55 - 3:05 5 Geography
3:05 - 3:30 7-8 Geography
3:30 - 4:00 History
Long-time Salem Twp . Resident , Norma Schmeman ( Feb. 23 , 1914-Feb. 16 , 2012 ) , attended Jarvis School beginning in 1919 . Them father had gone there before them Them words , published in 2008 , give a good sense of what some school life was like :
“ We had to take our own lunch to school . One of my most memorable experiences was when I said something to my mother about the same old lunch . My mother 's reply was for me to make lunch for myself . Slow to rise in the morning , I had to hurry to arrive at school on time . Forgetting my lunch in the cart in the schoolyard , I went out at noon to find that my pony had eaten it !
“ PTA meetings were held at parents ' homes , and kids went along too . Dad would hitch up a team of horses to a sleigh and pick up people on the way . Kids also hitched their sleds to the sleigh and got a ride ; the horse team proved to be the most reliable form of transportation . There was oyster stew waiting when we arrived—it tasted so good . When the meeting was over , they would roll up the rugs and square dance . ”
The Plymouth-Canton Community School District closed the Jarvis Stone School in 1967 and the building fell into ruin over the next ten years . In 1977 , local resident Mrs. Irene Lyke , worked in tandem with the school board to have the title transferred into the hands of the SAHS . This dream was fulfilled in 1978 . The next several years were dedicated to fundraising to acquire the property on which the building stood and to cover the costs of restoration .
Building and grounds
The school is constructed primarily of local fieldstone . The original blackboards were made of painted wood . Originally , there was a small wood entrance . It was replaced in 1941 with the larger brick entrance which remains today . This new entrance featured Kaustine septic toilets which replaced the outhouse out back . The wide board in the back which served as a place for hooks for coats and such was replaced by hooks in the new entrance . The inside of the schoolhouse , though it was in near ruins for a long time , has been restored to something fairly representative of what it might have looked like for most of its history . Also , the space used to be heated by a box stove which sat on a brick foundation in the center of the room . This stove is no longer there . Prior to the 1930s , there was no electricity in the schoolhouse .
Renovation project
In 1995 , restoration began under the guidance of the then president of the SAHS , Don Riddering . Particulars of the Restoration Project have included removing and replacing the wood floor , heating ducts and electrical wiring , and adding some new interior walls , a new ceiling , windows and roof . The renovation project was concluded in 1999 .
See also
One-room school
References
Defunct schools in Michigan
Education in Washtenaw County , Michigan
Stone school buildings
Stone buildings in the United States
INRegistry is the organisation responsible for the .in TLD and the native language internationalised domain name TLDs for the country . It was appointed by the government of India , and operates under the authority National Internet Exchange of India ( NIXI ) .
History
Most countries have their own Top Level Domain . The INRegistry has been created by NIXI , which is a Not-for-Profit Company under Section 25 of the Indian Companies Act , 1956 , with the objective of facilitating improved Internet services in the country .
Under NIXI , the INRegistry functions as an autonomous body with primary responsibility for maintaining the .in ccTLD and ensuring its operational stability , reliability , and security . It will implement the various elements of the new policy set out by the Government of India and its Ministry of Communications and Information Technology , Department of Information Technology .
The Government decided to revamp the administration of the .in TLD in late 2004 . INRegistry has assumed responsibility for the registry from the previous registry authority , The National Centre for Software Technology ( NCST ) and its Centre for Development of Advanced Computing ( C-DAC ) . This change was announced via an executive order through a gazette notification issued by the Department of Information Technology ( DIT ) , Government of India , according to a legal status to the INRegistry . This announcement also mentioned the role of the National Informatics Centre ( NIC ) as the registrar for gov.in domains , ERNET as the registrar for res.in and ac.in domains , and the Ministry of Defence as the registrar for mil.in domains .
INRegistry does not carry out registrations itself . Instead , it accredits registrars through an open process of selection on the basis of transparent eligibility criteria .
Domains
The registry has formulated new policies for the registration and administration of .in domain names . The goal is to make .in domain names easier to use , and a way of making the Internet available to more Indian citizens . These policies generally took effect on January 1 , 2005 .
Prices
Accredited registrars are free to set whatever retail prices they wish .
Available names
Unlimited registrations are available in the following zones . Registration is available free to all parties worldwide , and there are no nexus or other qualifications :
.in ( available to anyone ; used by companies , individuals , and organizations in India )
.co.in ( originally for banks , registered companies , and trademarks )
.firm.in ( originally for shops , partnerships , liaison offices , sole proprietorships )
.net.in ( originally for Internet service providers )
.org.in ( originally for non-profit organisations )
.gen.in ( originally for general/miscellaneous use )
.ind.in ( originally for individuals , companies )
Six zones are reserved for use by qualified institutions in India :
.ac.in ( Academic institutions )
.edu.in ( Educational institutions )
.res.in ( Indian research institutes )
.ernet.in ( Older , for both educational and research institutes )
.gov.in ( Indian government )
.mil.in ( Indian military )
Internationalised domain names and country codes
India plans to introduce internationalised domain names , that is domain names in 22 local languages used in India . These internationalised domain names will be used together with seven new top domains for India .
These top domains are :
.भारत ( Devanagari ) , became available on 27 Aug 2014 with the following zones :
The rest are also available ( Seven scripts were previously launched in 2014 ) :
.भारत ( Hindi , Bodo ( Boro ) , Dogri , Konkani , Maithili , Marathi , Nepali , and Sindhi-Devanagari )
.ভারত ( Bengali )
.ਭਾਰਤ ( Gurmukhī )
.ભારત ( Gujarati )
.இந்தியா ( Tamil )
.భారత్ ( Telugu )
.بھارت ( Urdu )
See also
UDRP - Uniform Domain Name Resolution Policy suggested by ICANN
InterNIC - The United States counterpart .
National Internet Exchange of India
References
External links
IN Registry Official Site
Official List of Accredited Registrars
.IN Domain Accredited Registrars
HostRain
Godaddy
Bigrock
Net4
Znetlive
HIOX India
SiliconHouse
BookYour.in
Ipfy
INDYADOT.com
GrosoftLive
Internet governance organizations
Communications and media organisations based in India
2005 establishments in India
Organizations established in 2005
is a train station in Yūsui , Aira District , Kagoshima prefecture , Japan . It is operated by JR Kyushu and is on the Kitto Line .
Lines
The station is served by the Kitto Line and is located 59.0 km from the starting point of the line at .
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track . There is no station building at this unstaffed station , only a shelter on the platform for waiting passengers . The access road is at a higher level than the station platform which is accessed by going down a short flight of steps . A bike shed is provided at the station entrance .
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) opened the station on 1 February 1958 as an additional station on the existing track of the Kitto Line . With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987 , the station came under the control of JR Kyushu .
Nearby places
National Route 268
Tsurumaru Onsen
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Tsurumaru ( JR Kyushu )
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1912
Railway stations in Kagoshima Prefecture
Yūsui , Kagoshima
Azizabad ( , also Romanized as ‘ Azīzābād ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 503 , in 148 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Concordia Log Cabin College is a historic site in Altenburg , in Perry County , Missouri . The structure is a log building under a protective shelter situated in the Trinity Lutheran Church maple grove . It served as the first college for the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod and was first Lutheran college west of the Mississippi River . Today , it commemorates the German Lutheran migration of 1838–1839 and the founding of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod , and features two log cabins from that era . The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 .
Construction
The log cabin dates to the first settlement of Altenburg , being constructed in 1839 , to serve as the first school for the new community . It is now located in the maple grove across from the Trinity Lutheran Church and contains museum exhibits relevant to the history of Altenburg . It was moved to its present location in 1912 ; and the vertical oak timbers were attached to the walls to stabilize the structure . The chimney was removed from the cabin at that time ; the shelter over the cabin was constructed in 1915 . The cabin is constructed of logs which are only crudely shaped , and have only slight notching . The chinking between the logs is mainly mortar and bricks , with also some stone .
Exterior
The cabin measures and has a ground floor and a loft . The building rests on a concrete foundation . The floor consists of logs , running east–west , flattened on top to receive the floor boards and notched where they rest on the foundation walls . The building itself is constructed of logs which are crudely shaped and vary in diameter from . They show only slight notching and no attempt was made at dovetailing . The chinking between the logs is primarily mortar and bricks . The cabin is ten logs high to the top log . Above the logs , the gable ends consist of unpainted clapboards . The medium pitched ridge roof is sheathed with shake shingles .
The cabin possesses one four panel doors , located in the center of the north facade . The centers of the remaining facades are occupied by double-hung sash windows . Each window has six over six lights . Directly above the windows on the gable ends are two additional window openings . A six light fixed window fills the opening on the east end ; a board and batten shutter closes the opposite opening . The cabin has no chimney .
Interior
An east–west running floor of random width tongue and groove oak boards occurs on the ground floor . The walls are not plastered , leaving the logs directly exposed . The cabin has undergone relatively few alterations . It has been moved at least once , perhaps twice . The first time , if it could be agreed upon ( refer to Item 8 ) , in 1840-1841 from Dresden to Altenburg—a distance of approximately one mile , in order to be closer to Pastor Loeber 's parsonage ; the second time in 1912 when it was transported from there a few hundred yards to where it now stands in the church grove of Trinity Lutheran Church in Altenburg . At that time , a chimney was removed and two oak beams were placed under the cabin to assist in transporting it ; these remained to become the bottom logs of the cabin after it was permanently in place on the concrete foundation prepared for it in the church grove . It was also at this time that oak timbers were vertically attached to the walls to stabilize the building during the move .
History
The Concordia Log Cabin College is significant as the first college and seminary of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod educational system . It is also believed to be where the Altenburg Debates were held . Missouri was the destination of the Saxon or Stephanite Immigration of 1838 . This unique migration was made up of Germans , principally from the Kingdom of Saxony , who had embraced the teachings and leadership of Martin Stephan . From their pulpit in St. John 's Church in Dresden , Stephan preached an orthodox brand of Lutheranism that ran counter to the trend towards rationalism that for various reasons was increasingly dominating the religious life of Saxony . Stephan was not a great pulpit orator , but they did possess an unusual sensitivity to the spiritual needs of people and between 1823 and 1837 they attracted a large following . Their adherents included not only farmers and craftsmen , but also lawyers , teachers , merchants , high ranking government officials and clergy .
The log cabin was constructed in 1839 to serve as the first school for the new community . The school served 11 students - seven boys and four girls – and was styled after the German Gymnasium schools .
During the years 1841–1843 , Gotthold Heinrich Loeber and Theodor Brohm conducted the affairs of the school . Brohm was then called to New York leaving Loeber to carry on responsibility for half a year . In 1841 , the school 's enrollment had dropped to eight pupils ; two years later , it had dwindled to five . Loeber managed somehow to keep the school alive . It had become obvious by 1843 that the school must be placed on a sound financial basis if it was to survive . An agreement was made that the Trinity congregation and the Perry County congregations would assume joint responsibility for the maintenance of the school . Trinity was to pay the bills , Perry County would provide food and firewood . Seven dollars monthly was provided by St. Louis to sustain the college . Trinity also recommended John Goenner as a prospective teacher to relieve Loeber .
In late April , 1847 , at a meeting in Chicago , the Evangelical Lutheran Synod of Missouri , Ohio and Other States was organized with C. F. W. Walther as its first president . Control of the seminary then passed to the synod , having been relinquished by the Trinity congregation , with the understanding that the school be moved to St. Louis . In Altenburg , Loeber and their congregation had no quarrel with synodical control of the college , but they were reluctant to see it taken away from them . At the synod 's third convention in 1849 , however , it was insisted that the transfer be made . Loeber did not live to see the move . While the college during these ten years was small and always on the verge of collapse , it persevered and produced five pastors . It was also a unifying factor , giving the ministers and congregations of St. Louis and Perry County a common objective and contributing to the formation of the Missouri Synod . As for the cabin , it was sold at auction in 1855 by the heirs of Gotthold Loeber . This sale was probably confirmed by an 1859 quit claim deed transferring the cabin and 4.3 acre lot from the Loeber heirs to Gottlieb Funke for $ 80.00 . Funke lived there for the next 38 years . Their will in 1893 provided that the cabin and lot be donated to the church in consideration of the Altenburg congregation 's having cared for them during their illness . In 1912 , at the suggestion of Rev . H. Schmidt , the cabin was moved to the church grove in Altenburg . A fund raising drive throughout the synod paid for the protective shelter erected three years later .
Education
December 9 , 1839 , was the first day of classes . The eleven students who reported that day seven boys and four girls were greeted with an ambitious and rich educational program . Their teachers received no compensation for the school had no finances , but they were well trained in European universities and deeply convinced of the importance and necessity of a sound education . Their institution was patterned after the gymnasium , the Latin grammar school of Saxony , and their program was that advocated for centuries by Christian humanists . The subjects taught were : Latin , Greek , Hebrew , German , French , English , History , Geography , Mathematics , Physics , Natural History , Philosophy , Music and Drawing .
Gallery
External links
Official website
See also
Saxon Lutheran Memorial
References
Perry County , Missouri
Tourist attractions in Perry County , Missouri
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
Houses in Perry County , Missouri
Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod
National Register of Historic Places in Perry County , Missouri
The Grand Nile Tower Hotel is located on Roda Island in Cairo , Egypt .
History and profile
The 966-room original wing of the hotel opened in 1974 as Le Meridien Cairo . In 2001 , the $ 380 million , 715-room , 41-floor Nile Tower wing , with a revolving restaurant and a shopping mall , was added , and the hotel was relaunched in August 2001 as Le Royal Méridien Cairo & Nile Tower . The hotel 's owners , the Saudi Egyptian Touristic Development Company ( SETDC ) , severed Le Méridien 's management contract on 8 August 2002 , closed the 1974 wing , and operated the newer wing of the hotel independently as the Royal Nile Tower for a year , until Hyatt International assumed management of the property on 1 August 2003 , and the tower wing was renamed Grand Hyatt Cairo . Plans were announced to convert the closed 1974 wing into the 245-room Park Hyatt Cairo , following a $ 20 million renovation , but the project never came to fruition and the building remains closed as of 2022 . All foreign national Hyatt management and staff were evacuated in February 2011 , as a result of the Egyptian revolution of 2011 . This action was followed by strikes by the hotel 's remaining Egyptian staff , which caused Hyatt to completely sever its connection with the hotel on 20 March 2011 . SETDC was locked in legal disputes with Hyatt for four months , and the hotel continued to use the Hyatt name until 1 June 2011 , when the owners officially changed the name to Grand Nile Tower . It was announced in 2017 that the hotel would be renamed the `` Hilton Nile Tower '' in 2018 , but the name change never took place .
Gallery
References
1974 establishments in Egypt
Hotels established in 1974
Hotel buildings completed in 1974
Hotel buildings completed in 2001
Hotels in Cairo
Buildings and structures with revolving restaurants
Skyscrapers in Egypt
Skyscraper hotels
Berik Abdrakhmanov ( born 20 June 1986 ) is a Kazakhstani amateur boxer in the lightweight division who competed at the 2013 World Championships , won the Bronze medal along with Domenico Valentino of Italy .
References
1986 births
Living people
Lightweight boxers
Boxers at the 2014 Asian Games
Kazakhstani male boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Olympic boxers of Kazakhstan
Boxers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Asian Games competitors for Kazakhstan
Thunder Lake is a hamlet in central Alberta within the County of Barrhead No . 11 . It is located on the eastern shore of Thunder Lake , just south of Thunder Lake Provincial Park , and is about west of Highway 18 and approximately west of Barrhead .
Demographics
Thunder Lake recorded a population of 34 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada .
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
County of Barrhead No . 11
Hamlets in Alberta
Hofman Hill ( ) is an ice-free peak , high , standing at the north side of the terminus of Blackwelder Glacier , on the Scott Coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1992 after Robert J. Hofman , a biologist at the Marine Mammal Commission , Washington , D.C. , from 1975 , who conducted seal studies in 12 visits to Antarctica in the 1960s and 1970s . They were the U.S. Representative to the Scientific Committee for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources , 1983–86 .
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
is a major railway station in Nakamura-ku , Nagoya , Japan . It is one of the world 's largest train stations by floor area ( 410,000 m2 ) , and houses the headquarters of the Central Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) . Much of this space is located in the JR Central Towers atop the station , as well as in underground concourses . The current station complex was completed on December 20 , 1999 . The station and the area around it is officially called in the Japanese addressing system .
The station is adjacent to Meitetsu Nagoya Station , the terminal of Meitetsu , and Kintetsu Nagoya Station , the terminal of the Kintetsu Nagoya Line .
The twin-towered station rises over 50 storeys , and is the tallest railway-station building in the world .
Lines
JR Central
Tōkaidō Shinkansen ( for Shin-Yokohama , Tokyo , Kyoto , and Shin-Osaka )
Tōkaidō Main Line ( for , Ōgaki , Maibara , Obu , Kariya , Okazaki , Gamagori , Toyohashi , and Hamamatsu )
Chūō Main Line ( for Kozoji , Tajimi , and Nakatsugawa )
Kansai Main Line ( for Yokkaichi , Tsu , and Kameyama )
Aonami Line
Aonami Line ( AN01 ) ( for Kinjo-Futo Nagoya International Exhibition Hall )
Nagoya Subway
Higashiyama Line ( H08 )
Sakuradōri Line ( S02 )
Station layout
JR Central
The platforms and the tracks are elevated . Six island platforms for the Tōkaidō Main Line , Chuo Line , and Kansai Line are situated in the eastern part of the station ( the side where JR Central Towers are situated ) and serve 12 tracks . Two island platforms for the Tokaido Shinkansen are situated in the western part and serve four tracks .
Adjacent stations
Aonami Line
The station is situated in the west of the JR Central Lines , on the Inazawa Line . The station has an island platform serving two tracks with platform gates .
Adjacent stations
Nagoya Subway
An island platform for the Sakura-dori Line serving two tracks is located east to west under the central concourse of JR Nagoya Station . The platform is fenced with platform gates .
An island platform for the Higashiyama Line serving two tracks is located south to north under underground city Meieki Chikagai ( Meichika ) , in the east of JR Nagoya Station . The southern part of the platform is used for the trains for Fujigaoka and the northern one is for the trains for Takahata .
Adjacent stations
History
Nagoya Station first opened on 1 May 1886 .
Surrounding area
Meitetsu Nagoya Station ( Nagoya Railroad )
Kintetsu Nagoya Station ( Kintetsu Railway )
Midland Square ( ミッドランドスクエア )
JR Gate Tower ( JRゲートタワー )
References
External links
JR Central station information
Station Nagoya
Towers Nagoya
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
Railway stations in Nagoya
Sasashima-chō
Bhopalgarh is a town located in the Jodhpur District of Rajasthan state in western India . It is a panchayat village and headquarters of the Bhopalgarh tehsil . Bhopalgarh Fort is the centre of attraction in the town . It is located in the Thar Desert , 90 km by road northeast of the city of Jodhpur , and 76 km by road west of Merta City in Nagaur District .
Some of the villages which come under Bhopalgarh town are Kumbhara , Bhagoriya , Kuri , Tambariya and Heradeshar .
Demographics
In the 2001 India census , the town of Bhopalgarh had a population of 19,078 . Males constituted 9,907 ( 51.9 % ) of the population and females 9,171 ( 48.1 % ) , for a gender ratio of 926 females per thousand males .
References
Cities and towns in Jodhpur district
Jodhpur district
Prospective Outlook on Long-term Energy Systems ( POLES ) is a world simulation model for the energy sector that runs on the Vensim software . It is a techno-economic model with endogenous projection of energy prices , a complete accounting of energy demand and supply of numerous energy vectors and associated technologies , and a carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases emissions module .
History
POLES was initially developed in the early 1990s in the Institute of Energy Policy and Economics IEPE ( now EDDEN-CNRS ) in Grenoble , France . It was conceived on the basis of research issues related to global energy supply and climate change and the long-term impact of energy policies . It was initially developed through a detailed description of sectoral energy demand , electricity capacity planning and fossil fuel exploration and production in the different world regions . Along its development it incorporated theoretical and practical expertise in many fields such as mathematics , economics , engineering , energy analysis , international trade and technical change .
The initial development of POLES was financed by the JOULE II and III programmes of the European Commission 's Third and Fourth Framework Programmes ( FP ) for Research and Technological Development ( 1990-1994 and 1994-1998 ) as well as by the French CNRS . Since then , the model has been developed extensively through several projects , some partly financed by FP5 , FP6 and FP7 , and in collaboration between the EDDEN-CNRS , the consulting company Enerdata and the European Joint Research Centre IPTS .
With a history spanning twenty years , it is one of the few energy models worldwide that benefits from a continuous development process and expertise over such an extended time period .
Structure
The model provides a complete system for the simulation and economic analysis of the world 's energy sector up to 2050 . POLES is a partial equilibrium model with a yearly recursive simulation process with a combination of price-induced behavioural equations and a cost- and performance-based system for a large number of energy or energy-related technologies . Contrary to several other energy sector models , international energy prices are endogenous . The main exogenous variables are the gross domestic product and population for each country or region .
The model 's structure corresponds to a system of interconnected modules and articulates three levels of analysis : international energy markets , regional energy balances , and national energy demand ( which includes new technologies , electricity production , primary energy production systems and sectoral greenhouse gas emissions ) .
POLES breaks down the world into 66 regions , of which 54 correspond to countries ( including the 28 countries of the European Union ) and 12 correspond to countries aggregates ; for each of these regions , a full energy balance is modelled . The model covers 15 energy demand sectors in each region .
Demand sectors
Each demand sector is described with a high degree of detail , including activity indicators , short- and long-term energy prices and associated elasticities and technological evolution trends ( thus including the dynamic cumulative processes associated with technological learning curves ) . This allows a strong economic consistency in the adjustment of supply and demand by region , as relative price changes at a sectoral level impact all key component of a region 's sector . Sectoral value added is simulated .
Energy demand for each fuel in a sector follows a market share-based competition driven by energy prices and factors related to policy or development assumptions .
The model is composed of the following demand sectors :
Residential and Tertiary : two sectors .
Industry :
Energy uses in industry : four sectors , allowing for a detailed modelling of such energy-intensive industries such as the steel industry , the chemicals industry and the non-metallic minerals industry ( cement , glass ) .
Non-energy uses in industry : two sectors , for the transformation sectors such as plastics production and chemical feedstock production .
Transport : four sectors ( air , rail , road and other ) . Road transport modelling comprises several vehicle types ( passenger cars , merchandise heavy trucks ) and allows the study of inter-technology competition with the penetration of alternative vehicles ( hybrids , electric or fuel cell vehicles ) .
International bunkers : two sectors .
Agriculture : one sector .
Oil and gas supply
There are 88 oil and gas production regions with inter-regional trade ; these producing regions supply the international energy markets , which in turn feed the demand of the 66 asupervisorstioned world regions . Fossil fuel supply modelisation includes a technological improvement in the oil recovery rate , a linkage between new discoveries and cumulative drilling and feedback of the reserves/production ratio on the oil price . OPEC and non-OPEC production is differentiated . The model includes non-conventional oil resources such as oil shales and tar sands .
Power Generation
There are 30 electricity generation technologies , among which several technologies that are still marginal or planned , such as thermal production with carbon capture and storage or new nuclear designs . Price-induced diffusion tools such as feed-in tariffs can be included as drivers for projecting the future development of new energy technologies .
The model distinguishes four typical daily load curves in a year , with two-hour steps . The load curves are met by a generation mix given by a merit order that is based on marginal costs of operation , maintenance and annualized capital costs . Expected power demand over the year influences investment decisions for new capacity planning in the next step .
Emissions and carbon price
The model includes accounting of greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions and allows visualising GHG flows on sectoral , regional and global levels . POLES covers fuel combustion-related emissions in all demand sectors , thus covering over half of global GHG emissions . The six Kyoto Protocol GHGs are covered ( carbon dioxide , methane , nitrous oxide , sulphur hexafluoride , hydrofluorocarbons and perfluorocarbons ) .
The model can be used to test the sensibility of the energy sector to the carbon price as applied to the price of fossil fuels on a regional level , as envisaged or experimented by cap and trade systems like the EU 's Emissions Trading Scheme .
Databases
The model 's databases have been developed by IPTS , EDDEN and Enerdata . Data on technological costs and performances were provided by the TECHPOL database . The data for historical energy demand , consumption and prices are compiled and provided by Enerdata .
Uses
The POLES model can be used to study or test the effect of different energy resources assumptions or energy policies and assess the importance of various driving variables behind energy demand and the penetration rates of certain electricity generation or end-use technologies . POLES does not directly provide the macro-economic impact of mitigation solutions as envisaged by the Stern Review , however it allows a detailed assessment of the costs associated with the development of low- or zero-carbon technologies .
Linked with GHG emissions profiles , the model can produce marginal abatement cost curves ( MACCs ) for each region and sector at a desired time ; these can be used to quantify the costs related to GHG emissions reduction or as an analysis tool for strategic areas for emissions control policies and emissions trading systems under different market configurations and trading rules .
Studies including POLES simulations have been commissioned by international bodies such as several Directorates-General of the European Commission , national energy , environment , industry and transport agencies or private actors in the energy sector .
Criticism
POLES can model changes in sectoral value added and shifts of activity between sectors . However POLES is not a macroeconomic model in the sense that it uses the gross domestic product as an input and includes no feedback on it that could result from the evolution of the energy system : carbon pricing , falling oil production and its effect on transport and mobility , or growth induced by technological innovation ( such as the IT boom of the 1990s ) . As such , it does not provide the total impact on society of , e.g. , climate adaptation or mitigation ( it does however quantify the total cost to the energy sector , including investment necessary in the development of low-carbon technologies ) .
The model does not cover all greenhouse gases emissions , notably those related to agriculture ( in part ) , land use , land-use change and forestry . As such , the climate component of the model does not allow to fully project GHG stocks , concentrations and associated temperature rises from anthropogenic climate change .
See also
Energy economics
Energy modeling
Energy policy
UNFCCC
External links
Enerdata
LEPII-EPE
JRC IPTS
References
Energy economics
Energy models
Vielmetter Los Angeles ( formerly Susanne Vielmetter Los Angeles Projects ) is a contemporary art gallery founded in 2000 by Susanne Vielmetter . The gallery is located in downtown Los Angeles .
History
Susanne Vielmetter launched their first gallery in 2000 on Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles , CA , before moving to a larger 7,500 square foot gallery in Culver City in 2010 . In 2019 , the gallery moved to its current 24,000 square foot location in downtown Los Angeles . Between 2007 and 2009 , the gallery maintained a second branch in Germany , Susanne Vielmetter Berlin Projects .
In an interview conducted in September 2018 by Audrey Rose Smith for The Armory Show , Susanne Vielmetter was described as `` a stalwart of the Los Angeles art scene '' and the gallery 's roster of artists is regarded as “ very balanced between male and female artists . ''
Artists
Artists represented by the gallery include :
Edgar Arceneaux
My Barbarian
Sadie Benning
Ellen Berkenblit
Andrea Bowers
Kim Dingle
Nicole Eisenman
Genevieve Gaignard
Nash Glynn
Liz Glynn
Karl Haendel
Stanya Kahn
Hayv Kahraman
Shana Lutker
Hugo McCloud
Dave McKenzie
Rodney McMillian
Paul Mpagi Sepuya
Wangechi Mutu
Elizabeth Neel
Ruben Ochoa
Angel Otero
Pope.L
Mary Reid Kelley
Amy Sillman
Mickalene Thomas
Tam Van Tran
References
External links
Art museums and galleries in Los Angeles
Contemporary art galleries in the United States
Buildings and structures in Culver City , California
Art galleries established in 2000
2000 establishments in California
Lavalle Department is a department located in the northeast of Mendoza Province in Argentina .
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 32,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Villa Tulumaya , which is located around from the Capital federal .
Districts
Costa de Araujo
El Carmen
El Chilcal
El Plumero
El Vergel
Gustavo André
Jocolí
Jocolí Viejo
La Asunción
La Holanda
La Palmera
La Pega
Las Violetas
Lagunas del Rosario
Paramillo
San Francisco
San José
San Miguel
Tres de Mayo
External links
Tourist Guide ( Spanish )
1853 establishments in Argentina
Departments of Mendoza Province
Simon the Sorcerer : Who 'd Even Want Contact ? ! ( ) , also known as Simon the Sorcerer 5 , is an adventure game developed by Silver Style Entertainment . It was released in 2009 Microsoft Windows . The game is no longer available to download as the company who published went into insolvency .
Reception
Jack Allin , on Adventure Gamers , gave the game 4.5 stars out of 5 , praising the interesting locations and art style , but criticising the mediocre humour and forgettable characters .
External links
References
2009 video games
Adventure games
Point-and-click adventure games
Simon the Sorcerer
Video games developed in Germany
Windows games
Windows-only games
Video game sequels
Single-player video games
Dresden : In Concert is a double-disc live album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek . The double album was released in 2009 on the ECM label , almost forty years after their first record for them ( 1970 ) . It was Garbarek 's first live album with their own group , recorded in the German city of Dresden in 2007 .
Track listing
All compositions by Jan Garbarek , unless otherwise noted
CD 1
Paper Nut – 7:55
The Tall Tear Trees – 5:14
Heitor – 9:16
Twelve Moons – 10:43
Rondo Amoroso – 6:59
Tao – 4:45
Milagre dos Peixes – 12:53
CD 2
There Were Swallows – 7:18
The Reluctant Saxophonist – 8:20
Transformations – 7:18
Once I Dreamt a Tree Upside Down – 7:18
Fugl – 6:00
Maracuja – 7:44
Grooving Out ! – 3:26
Nu Bein ' – 5:52
Voy Cantando – 11:14
Personnel
Jan Garbarek – soprano saxophone , tenor saxophone , willow flute
Rainer Brüninghaus – piano , keyboards
Yuri Daniel – electric bass
Manu Katché – drums
References
External links
Jan Garbarek Group - Dresden : In Concert ( 2009 ) album review by Thom Jurek , credits & releases at AllMusic
Jan Garbarek Group - Dresden : In Concert ( 2009 ) album releases & credits at Discogs
Jan Garbarek Group - Dresden : In Concert ( 2009 ) album credits & user reviews at ProgArchives.com
Jan Garbarek Group - Dresden ( 2009 ) album to be listened as stream on Spotify
Jan Garbarek albums
2009 live albums
ECM Records albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
The King cobra is the world 's longest venomous snake .
King Cobra may also refer to :
Fictional characters
Cobra ( Marvel Comics )
Kobra ( DC Comics )
A British superhero appearing in The Hotspur
Movies
King Cobra ( 1999 film ) , a 1999 horror film
King Cobra ( 2016 film ) , a 2016 biographical crime-drama film
Other
King Cobra , a variety of lager beer produced by British beer company Cobra Beer
King Cobra ( malt liquor ) , a brand of malt liquor
King Cobra ( roller coaster ) , a roller coaster at Kings Island
King Cobra ( ride ) , a water slide at Six Flags Hurricane Harbor
Colt King Cobra , a firearm
Bell 309 King Cobra , a prototype attack helicopter
P-63 Kingcobra , a Second World War fighter aircraft
King Kobra , a 1980s hard rock band
King Cobras ( gang ) , a gang in New Zealand
King Cobra , a professional wrestler from United States Wrestling Association
Kublanov ( ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Kublanova . It may refer to
Lev Kublanov ( born 1946 ) , Russian-American graphic artist
Mikhail Kublanov ( 1914–1998 ) , Soviet scholar and historian of religion
Russian-language surnames
Benning Violins is a California-based luthier business , crafting , restoring and repairing violins , violas and cellos since its opening in 1950 as Studio City Music . In 1953 , it moved to its current location on Ventura Boulevard . Learning the craft from their brother-in-law , Carl Becker Sr. , Paul Toenniges worked in William Lewis & Son in Chicago , and later under Rudolf Wurlitzer , finally opening their first studio in Los Angeles . Crafting up to five instruments a year , they sell for approximately 30-42 thousand dollars .
Nancy , one of founder Paul Toenniges ' daughters , together with their husband , Hans Benning , took over the studio in 1978 after Paul 's retirement . Nancy and Hans studied violin making at the Violinmaking School in Mittenwald . Luthier Eric Benning , Nancy and Hans ' son who trained with celebrated maker Carl Fredrick Becker , currently runs the business , while their son Nathan also performs as a luthier .
Notable musicians who bought Benning instruments include Paul Coletti , Sid Weiss , Victor Gaskin ( used while recording Duke Ellington 's 70th Birthday Concert ) and Arnold Jacobs , while Hans Benning restored and maintained several of Jascha Heifetz 's instruments during the latter part of their life . Benning Violins also maintained some of Nathaniel Ayers ' violins .
The Benning family has donated numerous instruments and taught students in Vicente Guerrero , Baja California . One of their students , Tito Quiroz , founded a music school in Ensenada named the Benning Academia de Musica . The Bennings have visited the academy in Ensenada about once a fortnight since 1978 . Hans Benning and Quiroz also worked to build a music studio in an Ensenada prison , and conduct rehabilitation work at the Foundation For Their Ministry mission in Baja California .
Paul Toenniges
Its founder , Paul Toenniges , was born in De Kalb , Illinois to Frederic and Elizabeth Toenniges on December 18 , 1908 . After graduating from DeKalb High School in 1925 , they moved to Chicago to work with Lewis & Son while living with Carl Becker , a prominent luthier .
In 1934 , Toenniges married Ruth Breinstein . During WWII , Paul resorted to American curly birch , given European wood became unavailable . In 1946 , they moved to LA together with their wife , and started working at the Wurlitzer Violin Collection , making instruments at home during their own time . Realising they wanted to dedicate to the restoration and sale of fine instruments , they set up shop in 1953 . At the time , they sold all types of instruments , involving their two daughters in the business by 1956 , Nancy in particular .
Hans and Nancy Benning
Nancy attended the renowned violin making school in Mittenwald , where they met their future husband . They ran the studio since the late 1970s until recently .
References
Further reading
External links
Los Angeles Times Columnist Steve Lopez visits Benning Violins
Amati profile
Listing of Paul Toenniges bass violins
American luthiers
Bernard Renault ( 4 March 1836 , Autun – 16 October 1904 ) was a French paleobotanist . They were a specialist in regard to the anatomy of Carboniferous and Permo-Carboniferous period flora .
In 1867 they earned their doctorate in physical sciences at Paris , followed by work as an instructor of chemistry at the college in Cluny ( 1867–72 ) . Later on , they were associated with the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle in Paris , serving as a préparateur ( 1872–76 ) and an assistant naturalist ( 1876–1904 ) . In 1879 they obtained their doctorate in natural sciences .
During their tenure at Cluny , they developed an interest in paleobotany . They conducted studies of fossil flora in the vicinity of their hometown of Autun , an area abundant in silicified remains of plants dating from Permo-Carboniferous times . Their studies of fossil ferns led to the founding of a new plant family , Botryopterideae . They also made important findings concerning the anatomy of the extinct genus Sphenophyllum , as well as to the anatomy and reproductive aspects of the extinct genus Annularia . Their work caught the attention of Adolphe Brongniart , who subsequently offered them a position at the natural history museum in Paris . With Brongniart , they conducted investigations of silicified seeds .
They are credited as the first scientist to account for all organs of the extinct conifer family Cordaitaceae . The genus Renaultia was named in their honour by Charles René Zeiller ( 1883 ) .
They were a member of the Société éduenne des lettres , sciences et arts ( from 1867 ) , the Société linnéenne de Normandie , the Institut géologique de Vienne , and in 1884 , was deputy associate of the Carte géographique de France project . In 1886 , they were a founding member and first president of the Société d'histoire naturelle et des amis du muséum d'Autun .
Selected works
Recherches sur les végétaux silicifiés d'Autun , 1876 – Research on the silicified flora of Autun .
Végétaux silicifiés d'Autun et de Saint-Etienne . Nouvelles recherches sur la structure des `` Sphenophyllum '' et sur leurs affinités botaniques – Silicified flora of Autun and Saint-Etienne . New research on the structure of Sphenophyllum and on their botanical affinities .
Structure comparée de quelques tiges de la flore carboniféres , 1879 – Comparative structure of some stems of Carboniferous flora .
Cours de botanique fossile fait au Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle , ( 1881–1886 , 4 volumes ) – Course on fossil botany at the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle .
Flore fossile , ( 1888–89 , 2 volumes ) with Charles René Zeiller – Fossil flora .
Sur quelques microorganismes des combustibles fossiles , 1900 – On some micro-organisms found in fossil fuels .
References
1836 births
1904 deaths
19th-century French botanists
French paleontologists
People from Autun
Paleobotanists
Zhou Shengtao ( ; born April 1944 ) is a Chinese politician who served as party branch secretary of the from 2002 to 2007 . They were a member of the 14th CCP Central Commission for Discipline Inspection . They were an alternate member of the 15th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party and a member of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party . They were a member of the Standing Committee of the 11th National People 's Congress .
Biography
Zhou was born in Dongtai County , Jiangsu , in April 1944 . They secondary studied at Anfeng High School . In 1962 , they entered Nanjing Normal University , majoring in mathematics . They joined the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) in May 1966 , when they were about to graduate .
After University in 1967 , they were assigned to the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps , where they were eventually elevated to secretary of its Discipline Inspection Commission in April 1987 . They were appointed secretary of Discipline Inspection Commission of CCP Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Regional Committee in March 1991 and was admitted to member of the Standing Committee of the CCP Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Regional Committee , the region 's top authority . They were made deputy party secretary of Xinjiang in February 1996 , concurrently serving as secretary of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Regional Political and Legal Affairs Commission since April 1998 .
In September 2002 , they were transferred to Beijing and appointed party branch secretary of the . They also served as executive deputy director of the Council between February 2003 and March 2010 . In March 2008 , they were chosen as vice chairperson of the National People 's Congress Ethnic Affairs Committee , serving in the post until their retirement in March 2013 .
References
1944 births
Living people
People from Dongtai
Nanjing Normal University alumni
People 's Republic of China politicians from Jiangsu
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Jiangsu
Alternate members of the 15th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the Standing Committee of the 11th National People 's Congress
Active was a ketch that was launched in 1850 and that wrecked at the entrance of the Hunter River in New South Wales on 18 February 1852 .
References
Shipwrecks of the Hunter Region
Ships built in New South Wales
1850 ships
Maritime incidents in February 1852
1851–1870 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Ketches of Australia
Ronald Howard `` Ron '' Whitney ( born October 5 , 1942 ) is a retired American hurdler and sprinter . Known for their fast finish , they were sixth in the 400 m hurdles at the 1968 Summer Olympics . They had entered the race as one of the favorites , having been ranked # 1 in the world in 1967 and winning the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in the event for the second time earlier that year . At the Olympics , their first heat victory established a new Olympic record , only to be surpassed by David Hemery two days later .
Previously they had been the Pan American Games champion in the same event . While working on their master 's degree at Colorado State University , they were the 1967 Gold Medalist at the World University Games . They also had won bronze two years earlier and while competing for Occidental College , where they were coached by Jim Bush , was runner-up at the NCAA Championships in 1963 .
At Thomas Downey High School in Modesto , California , Whitney was the champion at the 1960 Golden West Invitational , the equivalent of a national champion , at 800 m , a week after finishing fourth in the CIF California State Meet in the same event .
Whitney continued to compete into masters age groups as a pioneer of masters athletics .
Whitney continues to be involved in the sport as head track and field coach at Santa Rosa Junior College . They are a member of the Mt . SAC Relays Hall of Fame and the Occidental College Hall of Fame .
References
1942 births
Living people
American male hurdlers
World record setters in athletics ( track and field )
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1967 Pan American Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Sportspeople from Modesto , California
Sportspeople from Santa Rosa , California
Occidental College alumni
Track and field athletes from California
Pan American Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Universiade medalists in athletics ( track and field )
American masters athletes
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Universiade bronze medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 1965 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1967 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1967 Pan American Games
Jasper County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana . As of 2010 , the population was 33,478 . The county seat is Rensselaer .
Jasper County is included in the Chicago-Naperville-Elgin , IL-IN-WI Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
The lands of present NW Indiana were explored by French explorer Robert de LaSalle . At that time the area was inhabited by the Miami Confederation of Indians . Through White settlement , encroachment , and confrontation , the various indigenous groups were forced to cede their claim to the area . In October 1818 , the Pottawattamies , Weas , and Delawares ceded their lands west of the Tippecanoe River to the government . In a treaty dated 23 October 1826 , the Pottawattamies and Miamis ceded all their lands east of the Tippecanoe . A treaty dated 26 October 1832 with the Pottawattamies ceded control of the northwestern part of Indiana ; on 27 October the Pottawattamies of Indiana and Michigan also relinquished all claim to any remaining land in those states .
Until the 1832 treaty of 1832 , the future Jasper County area was not open to settlement ; those who did come to Indiana before that time had flooded the southern parts of Ohio , Indiana and Illinois through the Ohio Valley . Northwestern Indiana was also less desirable for initial settlement , the land being described as alternate swamps , sterile sand ridges and flat , wet prairies . It did proliferate in game , however , and eventually settlers found it . The first recorded settler was William Donahue , who located in present-day Gillam Township . They were a justice of the peace during the period prior to the county 's establishment .
Although the settlers were sparse , the state legislature provided for two counties to be established in the area . The state legislature passed an omnibus bill that authorized thirteen counties and described their boundaries , although their governing structures were not established at that time . The new counties of Jasper and Newton were attached to White County for political and civil purposes .
In 1836 all the area north of the Kankakee River was partitioned from Jasper as Porter County . By 1837 preparations were being made to create the Jasper County governing structure , with a county commission being elected that year . They first met in January 1838 at the house of Robert Alexander in present-day Benton County . After that , the pro tem county seat was designated as the residence of George W. Spitler , in present-day Iroquois Township , Newton County , where the first meeting was held in March 1839 . The official date of formation of the Jasper County government is given as 15 March 1838 .
Jasper County was named for Sgt . William Jasper , a famous scout for the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War . Jasper became famous in 1776 , during the bombardment of Fort Moultrie , for erecting a new flagstaff under fire after the American flag had been shot down . Jasper was killed during the Siege of Savannah in 1779 . Jasper County 's twin county , Newton County , was named after Jasper 's friend and comrade , John Newton .
A state legislature act dated 29 January 1839 caused the consolidation of Jasper and Newton , with Jasper retaining the name , and Newton ( for the time being ) being erased , and the consolidated area being seated at the Falls of the Iroquois River , with the name of Newton ( the community 's name was changed to Rensselaer in 1844 ) . In 1840 the county of Benton was formed from Jasper 's area . In 1859 the county of Newton was revived but with smaller area than before , leaving Jasper in its present form .
The Civil War
As early as 1825 , the majority of the population were against slavery . By the time of the War , Jasper County was one of the few counties of Indiana that had a military organization under the law of 1855 . The war greatly affected Jasper County when 935 soldiers were enlisted on behalf of the Union . This was considered an impressive amount at the time with the average population around 5,000 . Although there were several companies from Indiana , the 9th Indiana Infantry Regiment produced Robert H. Milroy , the `` Gray Eagle of the Army '' . Milroy became famous for suppressing Confederate mountain rangers , which caused the Confederate Congress to declare a $ 100,000 bounty on their head . The 9th Indiana Infantry Regiment became known for its involvement in the Battle of Philippi , one of the earliest battles of the Civil War at Laurel Hill ( now known as Laurel Mountain ) . In comparing the proportions of men able to fight , Indiana contributed more soldiers than any other state to the Union .
Geography
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 99.68 % ) is land and ( or 0.31 % ) is water . Until the middle of the 19th century when it was drained to make farmland , this county was part of the second largest freshwater wetland in the US , with abundant flora and fauna . This is caused by the Iroquois River , one of the main tributaries of the Kankakee River that flows throughout Jasper County , a major water source for the area .
Major highways
Railroads
CSX Transportation
Norfolk Southern Railway
Toledo , Peoria and Western Railway
Adjacent counties
Municipalities
The municipalities in Jasper County , and their populations as of the 2010 Census , are :
Cities
Rensselaer – 5,859
Towns
Census-designated places
Unincorporated communities
Townships
The 13 townships of Jasper County , with their populations as of the 2010 Census , are :
Education
Residents of Jasper County attend public schools administered by four different districts in multiple counties :
Kankakee Valley School Corporation
Rensselaer Central Schools Corporation
Tri-County School Corporation
West Central School Corporation
High Schools
Kankakee Valley High School
Rensselaer Central High School
Covenant Christian High School in DeMotte ( grades 9–12 )
Middle Schools
Kankakee Valley Middle School
Rensselaer Central Middle School
Elementary Schools
DeMotte Christian Elementary School ( preschool through 8 )
DeMotte Elementary School
Kankakee Valley Intermediate School
St. Augustine Catholic School
Tri-County Primary School ( K-2nd )
Van Rensselaer Elementary School
Wheatfield Elementary School
Colleges and Universities
Saint Joseph 's College closed
Hospitals
Franciscan Health Rensselaer , Rensselaer – 46 beds
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Rensselaer have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in August 1988 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code .
County Council : The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county . Representatives are elected from county districts . The council members serve four-year terms . They are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners . The commissioners are elected county-wide , in staggered terms , and each serves a four-year term . One of the commissioners , typically the most senior , serves as president . The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council , collecting revenue , and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government .
Court : The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases . The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
County Officials : The county has several other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk , elected to four-year terms . Members elected to any county government position are required to declare a political party affiliation and to be residents of the county .
Jasper County is part of Indiana 's 4th congressional district . It is also part of Indiana Senate districts 5 and 7 and Indiana House of Representatives districts 4 , 16 and 20 .
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 33,478 people , 12,232 households , and 9,165 families in the county . The population density was . There were 13,168 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.8 % white , 0.6 % black or African American , 0.4 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 2.0 % from other races , and 1.0 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.4 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 27.6 % were German , 16.5 % were Irish , 9.6 % were Dutch , 9.3 % were English , 6.9 % were American , and 6.0 % were Polish .
Of the 12,232 households , 35.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 60.7 % were married couples living together , 9.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , 25.1 % were non-families , and 20.9 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.07 . The median age was 38.0 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 63,842 . Males had a median income of $ 50,984 versus $ 32,313 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 23,676 . About 7.7 % of families and 9.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 14.1 % of those under age 18 and 5.7 % of those age 65 or over .
Religion
The Catholic church is the biggest denomination in the county with 4,341 members , the second largest is the Reformed Church in America with 1,502 members and 2 churches ( First Church and American Reformed Church ) the third is the United Methodist Church with 1,300 members , the fourth largest is the Christian Reformed Church in North America with 1,013 members in 3 congregations as of 2010 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jasper County , Indiana
References
External links
myLocal : Jasper County
Indiana counties
1838 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1838
Northwest Indiana
Chicago metropolitan area
Sundown towns in Indiana
Pooja Surve is an Indian individual rhythmic gymnast . They represent India at international competitions . They competed at world championships , including at the 2009 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships , Japan . In 2010 , they were the only gymnast from India to be in the top 16 at the 2010 Commonwealth Games ; they won Miss Exotic Performance award in World Cup Belarus 2010 , becoming the first Indian to ever get this award ; and they also participated in the 2010 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships , held in Moscow .
They have earned more than 150 gold , silver and bronze medals to date . They are one of the highest medal-holding gymnasts in India . They are the recipient of the prestigious Shree Shiv Chhatrapati Awardee of Govt . of Maharashtra in the discipline of Rhythmic Gymnastics in the year 2010 .
In the year 2016 they were selected as the technical head by Star-sports for Rio Olympics and did the commentary for all artistic , rhythmic and trampoline gymnastics .
They have also received the Indian Sports Award from the Govt . of India in the year 2019 in the field of sports . They are the recipient of Hindustan Times – Thane Ratna Award 2019 . In the year 2020 , they were designated as Program Director of Sports Authority of India 's Online Education Program for Rhythmic Gymnastics grass-root level
Besides being a gymnast , Surve is a classical Kathak and Ballet dancer .
They have also been on the reality shows on Zee Marathi , Colors , Zee TV channel .
After their career they became gymnastics coach . Currently they are the Director of The Phoenix Gymnastics Academy based in Thane . They are also Federation International Gymnastics international judge in both rhythmic gymnastics individual and rhythmic gymnastics group , having judged many International competitions .
Early years
Early life
Pooja went to Saraswati Mandir High School , Mahim and was ranked 1st in their class . Later , their junior and degree college was D.G . Ruparel college of Arts , Science and Commerce , where they were a top student .
They were selected for the Artistic gymnastics squad . At the age of 6 years in 1996 , they started with their competitive career in Artistic gymnastics where they won their 1st competition medal a gold in balancing beam and a bronze in the all around . The state championship was held at Hanuman Vyayam Prasarak Mandal , Amravati .
Later their mother also enrolled them to classical dance classes where they learnt Kathak under the guidance of Shrimati Radhika Phanse , and today they are upantya visharad in the same .
School life
Pooja was a brilliant student in the school , who always stood 1st . They won the best student of the school award as well .
They won every school competition from elocution , essay writing , poetry recitation , dance , maths competitive exams etc .
Later in their college also they won the best student of the college award .
Rise to prominence
After 2006 , they switched their career from artistic gymnastics to rhythmic gymnastics .
Professional athletics career
Rhythmic gymnastics
2007 Injury
An injury to Pooja in February 2007 while playing the National Games , Assam caused them to miss nine months of training . Having recovered , they always had an urge to compete internationally . But they were asked to quit the sport by many . Having a strong will power and determined Pooja did not let the sport go away from her , they came back with a high spirits at the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships , Japan , Mie , their first international competition where they stood 1st amongst the Indian Squad of Rhythmic gymnastics .
Later they received the Miss Exotic Performance Award at the Belarus World Cup ( 1st ever award won by an Indian Rhythmic Gymnast ) . They also represented at the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships 2010 , Moscow .
2009 World Championships , Japan
For the First Time in History , Indian Women qualify for the World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships .
2010 Commonwealth Games , India
Pooja Surve created history , they represented India at the Common Wealth Games 2010 . They are the only gymnast from India who qualified for All-Around Individual Finals competition and received 16th Rank . They created this record in 2010 and till date their record is not broken .
They are the top ranked best rhythmic gymnast in India till date .
Profession
2011
Pooja established The Phoenix Gymnastics Academy at Thane , in 2011 wherein about 250 gymnasts are getting trained .
2012
Pooja completed their International Coaching Course .
2014
Pooja has been the competition director for many state and national competitions . In 2014 they hosted the Senior , Junior , Sub-junior , U/8 and U/10 national competition in their gymnastics academy where about 300 gymnasts all over the country had participated . Highly decorated TMC dignitaries , various Bollywood Actors and sports personalities visited as guests for this competition . They also appeared for the International Coaching Course examination where they ranked 3rd worldwide .
2015
They were officiated at the National Games .
2016
Pooja was selected as the Technical Head of Gymnastics by Star Sports for the Rio Olympics where they did the commentary for the entire Rio Olympics Artistic gymnastics , Rhythmic gymnastics and Trampoline Gymnastics .
2017
Pooja along with their sister Mansi appeared for the International Judging Examination and they again made a record for the country . They received the highest marks of category 1 in both Rhythmic Gymnastics Individual and Rhythmic Gymnastics Group in the country . Pooja and Mansi are now known as Surve Sisters and their pair is extremely lovable .
2018
Pooja was selected as the judge representing India at the Junior Asian Championships and out of the 4 selected 3 gymnasts were trained under the Surve Sisters .
2019
Pooja Surve is the only coach from the state of Maharashtra to be the Coach of Khelo India Academy Camp for Rhythmic gymnastics which was held in Delhi . Pooja was selected as the judge representing India at the junior and senior Asian Championships whereas Mansi was the India team coach . They created record , 3 out of 4 gymnasts selected for the Asian Championships . For the first time junior Gymnast Sanyukta Kale scored the highest marks of 15.100 ranking 7th in the qualifying CLUBS apparatus .
2020
As an international judge
Achievements
International competitions
District and divisional competitions
Pooja also participated in Multiple sports competitions like Yogasa , Suryanamaskar , Athletics , Rope Mallakhamb , etc . in Inter-Club , District and Divisional Levels .
In the competition – Annual Sports Meet , Shree Samartha Vyayam Mandir , Pooja has won over 15 medals and they are as follows :
Personal life
Pooja Surve was born in the financial capital of India , Mumbai on 8 June 1990 to parents Shriniwas and Smita Surve . They have younger sister Mansi Surve .
Recognition
Special awards
Awarded the prestigious `` Shree Shiv Chhatrapati Award `` ( Maharashtra State highest sports award ) for achieving excellence in the discipline of Rhythmic gymnastics .
Awarded the INDIAN SPORTS AWARD by GOVT . OF INDIA in the field of RHYTHMIC GYMNASTICS .
Awarded `` Jilha Kreeda Puraskar '' by Kreeda and Yuvak Sanchalanalay , Maharashtra State
Awarded by `` Akhil Bhartiya Bhandari Mahasangh `` for great achievements in gymnastics .
Awarded `` Priyadarshini Kartutwa Gaurav Puraskar 2010 `` in the fields of Kala Kreeda by Priya Darshini foundation .
Felicitated by chief minister of Maharashtra Shree Prithviraj Chauhan for winning gold medal for Maharashtra state in the National games held at Ranchi , Jharkhand
Extra-Curricular
Kathak Dancer : passed Visharad Pratham examination from Akhil Bhartiya Gandharva Vidyalaya .
Ballet Dancer : Expert in the ballet dance .
Gold Medalist of `` Bala Shree Award `` ( President award ) – western zone of India in creative performance held at National Bal Bhavan , Delhi .
Winner of College Idol competition organized by National Institute .
Winner of `` Taalawar Taal de Dhamal '' dance reality show on Mi Marathi channel
Best ramp walk winner in beauty pageant `` Shravan Queen ”
Awarded the best student of D.G . Ruparel college and won the Golden trophy for consecutively 3 years for excellence in the field of academics sports and extra-curricular activities .
References
External links
Videos
Pooja Surve in 2010 Commonwealth Games Ribbon All Around on YouTube
Pooja Surve in 2010 Commonwealth Games Ball Team Final on YouTube
Pooja Surve 's Students selected to Perform at International Level via Zee 24 Taas on YouTube
Students of International player of Gymnastic Pooja Surve perform at Kala Krida Mahotsav 2016 on YouTube
Pooja Surve in 2010 Commonwealth Games Ball Team Final on YouTube
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mumbai
Indian rhythmic gymnasts
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Gymnasts at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for India
Gymnastics coaches
Indian sports coaches
Leon Calvin Murray ( born October 18 , 1958 in Middle Township , New Jersey ) is a former American football running back . They were drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles the National Football League in the fourth round of the 1981 draft and played from 1981 to 1982 for the Eagles . They also played in 1983 for the Chicago Blitz of the United States Football League .
Born in Middle Township , New Jersey and raised in Woodbine , Murray attended Millville Senior High School . They played college football at Ohio State University .
College career
In a game against Washington State on September 22 , 1979 , Murray set an Ohio State Buckeyes record for longest pass reception when they caught an 86-yard pass from Art Schlichter . Murray led the Buckeyes in rushing in 1979 and 1980 . They led the Big Ten in rushing in 1980 . They were voted as Ohio State 's most valuable player by their teammates in 1980 .
Professional career
Philadelphia Eagles
Murray was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the fourth round of the 1981 NFL Draft . They were released prior to the start of the 1981 season , but was re-signed on October 28 when Louie Giammona was knocked out for the remainder of the season with a knee injury . During the 1981 season they appeared in 7 games , in which they rushed 23 times for 134 yards , caught one pass for 7 yards , and returned one kickoff for 14 yards .
In 1982 they appeared in one game , returning three kickoffs for 42 yards .
Chicago Blitz
In 1983 , Murray signed with the Chicago Blitz of the United States Football League and was the 12th highest rusher in the league that year .
Personal
Since retiring from football , Murray has resided in Columbus , Ohio . They spent several years as a purchasing manager for Franklin University in downtown Columbus .
Murray 's son , Cal , is a former running back for the Miami RedHawks . They were drafted by Rhein Fire in the 22nd round of the 2007 NFL Europa Free Agent Draft .
Murray converted to Orthodox Judaism and adopted the Hebrew name Yosef .
References
1958 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cape May County , New Jersey
People from Middle Township , New Jersey
People from Woodbine , New Jersey
Millville Senior High School alumni
Players of American football from New Jersey
American football running backs
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Chicago Blitz players
Jewish American sportspeople
21st-century American Jews
The Joint Organization of Unions – Hong Kong is a trade union centre in Hong Kong . It is affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation .
References
National trade union centres of Hong Kong
International Trade Union Confederation
Break action is a type of firearm action in which the barrel or barrels are hinged much like a door and rotate perpendicularly to the bore axis to expose the breech and allow loading and unloading of cartridges . A separate operation may be required for the cocking of a hammer to fire the new round . There are many types of break-action firearms ; break actions are universal in double-barrelled shotguns , double-barrelled rifles , combination guns , and are also common in single shot pistols ( especially derringers ) , rifles , shotguns , and can also be found in flare guns , grenade launchers , air guns , and some older revolver designs . They are also known as hinge-action , break-open , break-barrel , break-top , or , on old revolvers , top-break actions .
Description
Break action
The first break-action revolver was patented in France and Britain at the end of December in 1858 by Devisme . A substantial hinge pin joins the two parts of the rifle or shotgun ; the stock with its firing mechanism and the fore-piece and barrel , which hold the round to be fired . In some cases the hinging pin may be easily removable , allowing the two portions of the weapon to be compactly and safely stored . In other cases the hinge will consist of a hook over a pin ; releasing an auxiliary latch will allow sufficient travel to allow the hinge to be unhooked .
A latch is operated to release the two parts of the weapon , allowing the breech to be exposed . Rounds are inserted into the breech , loading as many barrels ( rifle or shotgun ) or chambers ( revolver ) as desired , and the mechanism is closed and latched . The hammer is then pulled back and latched . The weapon can now be fired by squeezing the trigger .
After firing the rounds , the break action is unlatched and the barrel and forearm are allowed to fall forward . This causes an extractor catch to remove the spent shells so that they fall to the ground , leaving the weapon ready for reloading .
Tip-up action
The tip-up was the first revolver design for use with metallic cartridges in the Smith & Wesson Model 1 , on which the barrel pivoted upwards , hinged on the forward end of the top strap . On S & W tip-up revolvers , the barrel release catch is located on both sides of the frame in front of the trigger .
Advantages
A break action is one of the most compact firearm actions . Since there are no parts to reciprocate , it is shorter than repeating designs , and generally more compact than other non-repeating firearms such as falling block and rolling block actions . This compactness results in reductions in weight and size compared to larger actions ; this can also allow a longer barrel in a firearm of similar size .
Since the cartridge extractor or ejector is built into the barrel assembly in break action weapons , the breech face is simply a flat plate with a hole for the firing pin to protrude through . This makes break actions ideal for interchangeable barrel firearms , such as the popular Thompson/Center Arms Contender and Encore pistols . The simplicity of the break open design , especially with an external hammer , also reduces the cost of manufacture . There were a number of companies , such as H & R Firearms , that produced break action rifles at lower costs than comparable bolt-action rifles .
While most firearms are designed for right-handed shooters , break action guns operate identically when fired from either shoulder .
Another advantage of the break action is the ability to insert longer cartridges into the chamber . This allows cartridges of a length impractical in other designs ; as well as easy use of caliber conversion sleeves . It is common to find conversion sleeves for double barrel shotguns , allowing the firing of smaller gauge shells as well as sub-bore pistol and rifle cartridges ( and thus allowing the same gun to be used with , for example , 10 gauge through 28 gauge , as well as .410 bore shells ) .
Disadvantages
The break action design is best suited for non-repeating firearms . To get multiple shots requires either multiple barrels or a revolver cylinder ; while this is fairly simple for shotguns , with double-barreled shotguns being quite common and even four-barreled designs like the FAMARS Rombo are available , double rifles require very precise alignment of the barrels in order to achieve consistent accuracy . Modern double rifles are very expensive and designed for short-range use ; the barrels are often regulated for ranges under for use against dangerous game .
Wear in the mechanism is focused upon the small contact area of the latch , and the breech is difficult to seal properly once the latch wears . In some firearms , such as Thompson/Center guns , the latch is a removable part that could be replaced when worn . Designs without a replaceable latch may be fixed by building up the worn part with a welder , then filing it back into shape .
Break-open actions are also not as inherently strong as other action types , rendering them capable of withstanding only relatively low pressures . The action is usually held closed by a single locking lug , usually below the barrel in a single barrelled gun or between the barrels of a double barreled gun . The single lug must carry all of the force of firing the cartridge . For shotguns , which operate at very low pressures , this is not an issue .
Some centerfire rifle cartridges , however , can generate pressures that may be too great for a single locking lug , if it is not stout enough . The Thompson/Center Contender , for example , was limited to .30-30 Winchester level cartridges . To fire more powerful cartridges requires a much larger locking lug , such as that which Thomson Center used on the larger Encore model . By comparison , while bolt-action shotguns may only use a single locking lug , almost all bolt-action rifles use multiple locking lugs around the perimeter of the bolt to provide an even distribution of the forces of firing , providing a much higher intrinsic strength . Since many break action rifles , such as the inexpensive H & R models , are built on large frames originally meant for shotguns , the action is very heavily built and capable of handling moderate to high pressures . Still , belted magnum cartridges such as .300 Winchester Magnum are generally only found in the highest-quality break action rifles .
Break open designs work best with rimmed cartridges , which can use a solid extractor . Rimless cartridges require a spring-loaded extractor , which can slide out of the way for cartridge insertion , and spring back to engage the recessed rim . While these spring-loaded extractors are found on even inexpensive models , they are not as strong as solid extractors , and increase the likelihood that failures to extract will occur .
Other long gun actions
Bolt action
Falling-block action
Lever action
Pump action
Rolling block
Semi-automatic firearm
Straight-pull action
See also
Combination gun
References
Firearm actions
Expedition of Ali ibn Abi Talib , to Mudhij took place in 10AH , Ramadan of the Islamic Calendar , Around December 631 AD .
Military Expedition
Ali was sent in December with 300 armed horsemen , to invite the people of Yemen to Islam . Ali was instructed by Muhammad to not engage them in fighting : `` go and do not look back , if you reach their place , do not fight them unless they attack you '' . Ali sent out their men , they obtained spoils of war , women , children , camels and flock . Once they met with the people , they invited them to Islam . They rejected them and launched an attack with arrows and rocks . Ali and their men then charged back at them and killed 20 of their men , so they fled . Ali held back the army from pursuing the fleeing enemy and invited them once more to Islam . They quickly responded and pledged allegiance to him . The tribe did this quickly and submitted themselves to Muʿādh ibn Jabal , Muhammad 's envoy in Yemen .
See also
Military career of Muhammad
List of expeditions of Muhammad
References
Campaigns ordered by Muhammad
631
Roxana Briban ( 28 October 1971 – 20 November 2010 ) was a Romanian operatic soprano .
Born in Bucharest , Briban first became interested in music at the age of six , when they began to sing and play the violin , soon becoming a soloist of the Romanian Radio Children 's Choir , which supports over 300 concerts in Romania and abroad . They attended the George Enescu Music High School in Bucharest , which they left in 1995 . Later graduating from the National University of Music Bucharest , Briban received awards from the Romanian Musical Forum and the Romanian Radio Broadcasting Company ( SRR ) .
They debuted as a soloist with the Romanian National Opera , Bucharest in 2000 as the Countess in Mozart 's The Marriage of Figaro .
They made their international debut as Micaëla in Bizet 's Carmen at the Vienna State Opera in 2003 , and they continued to appear there until their final season in 2009-2010 , where they played the roles of Donna Elvira in Don Giovanni , Mimi in La Bohème , Cio-Cio San in `` Madama Butterfly '' , Amelia Grimaldi in Simon Boccanegra , the Countess in The Marriage of Figaro and Tatiana in Eugene Onegin . They also appeared at the Vienna Volksoper , Deutsche Oper Berlin , the Théâtre du Capitole , the Teatro Municipal de Santiago in Chile and the Muziektheater in Amsterdam .
Briban 's lirico-spinto soprano voice allowed them to play a wide variety of roles , such as Leila in The Pearl Fishers , Micaëla in Carmen , Elena and Margherita in Mephistofele , or as the Countess in The Marriage of Figaro , Donna Elvira and Donna Anna in Don Giovanni and Violetta Valéry in La Traviata , Alice Ford in Falstaff , Amelia Grimaldi in Simon Boccanegra and Aida in Aida , Elisabetta de Valois in Don Carlo , Leonora in Il Trovatore as well as Mimi in La Bohème and Cio-Cio San in Madama Butterfly .
Also in their repertoire were vocal-symphonic works by Bach , Handel , Beethoven , Brahms , Mendelssohn , Mahler , Shostakovich and Hindemith . Them last public appearance took place at the Royal Palace in Warsaw in Poland , where they performed in a recital in celebration of Romania 's National Day , on 1 December 2009 .
Death
They committed suicide on 20 November 2010 , aged 39 , following a period of depression caused , according to their husband Alexandru Briban , whom they married in 1997 , by the termination of their contract with the Bucharest National Opera in June 2009 . They stated that they had attempted suicide on other occasions and had been receiving treatment .
References
External links
1971 births
2010 suicides
Romanian operatic sopranos
Suicides by sharp instrument in Romania
Musicians from Bucharest
National University of Music Bucharest alumni
21st-century Romanian women opera singers
Amrita Schools of Business are private business schools of Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham University in India , which is spread across its five campuses in Amritapuri ( Kollam ) , Bengaluru , Kochi , Coimbatore and Amaravati . The schools offer full-time MBA program , MBA-MS program , management-related doctoral programs , and many executive and online education programs .
Admission to Master of Business Administration degree is through Common Admission Test , Management Aptitude Test , Common Management Admission Test and Graduate Management Admission Test .
The schools were founded by Mata Amritanandamayi Devi in 1996 , and are managed by their international humanitarian organization Mata Amritanandamayi Math .
History
The Amrita School of Business , Coimbatore was established in 1996 , in the village of Ettimadai at the foothills of Bouluvanpatty ranges , about 20 km away from the Coimbatore city . As Amrita 's first campus , it is still home to the administrative headquarters of Amrita University .
Currently , the university has schools of business in 5 of its 7 campuses
In 2022 , an business school started operating in its new campus at Amaravati , the capital city of Andhra Pradesh .
Campuses
Amrita School of Business , Coimbatore
The school of Business in the Coimbatore campus started in 1996 . Being the headquarters of the university , it has the largest intake of students annually , and offers and full time MBA and doctoral courses . This campus also houses the IBM Business Analytics Lab .
Amrita School of Business , Bengaluru
The school of Business in the Bengaluru campus offers two management programs , a full-time MBA-MS. and a part-time Executive MBA-MS in Business Analytics with University at Buffalo . It also offers doctoral programs .
Amrita School of Business , Kochi
The school of Business in the Kochi campus is started functioning in 1998 . It offers full-time MBA and doctoral programs .
Amrita School of Business , Amritapuri Kollam
The school of Business in the Amritapuri campus started in 2002 . It offers and full time MBA and doctoral courses .
The schools also offers UGC approved online BBA , MBA , MA and other management courses .
Amrita School of Business , Amaravati
The school of Business in the Amaravati campus started in 2022 . It offers and full time BBA , MBA and doctoral courses .
Rankings
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham was ranked 801–1000 in the world by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings of 2021 The QS World University Rankings of 2020 ranked it in 261–270 band in Asia . Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham of which Amrita Schools of Business is a constituent part , has been ranked 151-200 according to QS ranking of BRICS universities . It was ranked 5th best in India among universities by the National Institutional Ranking Framework in 2021 . The Government of India awarded Institute of Eminence status to the university . The university is also accredited with A++ by NAAC .
Amrita School of Business , Coimbatore was ranked as 19th in the Top private B-schools in India by careers360 magazine for the year 2014 . Amrita School of Business , Coimbatore was selected as one of the best b-schools of Asia in 2014 by Newsweek .
Academics
Academic programmes
The school offers BBA , MBA , PhD and online courses in management . In addition , it offers a dual degree program leading to an MS in information technology and MBA in collaboration with State University of New York at Buffalo , for working professionals at the Bangalore campus .
The school also emphasizes on Sustainable Development , Business Ethics and Social Responsibility . The university has collaborations with many foreign universities including the University of California .
Curriculum
Curriculum at Amrita Schools of Business is created by its Academic Council based on the intellectual contributions of Industry experts , Academic researches , Faculty , Alumnus and industry expectations .
The school in Coimbatore houses the IBM Business Analytics Lab which was inaugurated by Mr. Kaushik Bhaskar , Vice President of Information Integration & Governance Software and India Software Labs IBM India .
Admission
Admission to Master of Business Administration degree is through score in Common Admission Test , Management Aptitude Test , Common Management Admission Test or Graduate Management Admission Test and interview . Admission for online courses is based on score in qualifying examination .
Scholarships
The schools also offer scholarship based on Common Admission Test , Management Aptitude Test , Common Management Admission Test and Graduate Management Admission Test scores .
References
Business schools in India
1996 establishments in India
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Mata Amritanandamayi Math
Business schools in Kerala
Business schools in Tamil Nadu
Business schools in Karnataka
Raymond Norman Williams ( 25 April 1909 – 8 October 2001 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player . A wing , Williams represented Canterbury at a provincial level , and was a member of the New Zealand national side , the All Blacks , in 1932 . They played one match for the All Blacks , against Wellington , but was injured and never played first-class rugby again .
Following the death of Phillippe Cabot in 1998 , Williams was the oldest living All Black .
References
1909 births
2001 deaths
People from Taradale , New Zealand
University of Canterbury alumni
New Zealand rugby union players
New Zealand international rugby union players
Canterbury rugby union players
Rugby union wings
South African military personnel of World War II
New Zealand emigrants to Zimbabwe
Rugby union players from the Hawke 's Bay Region
The 1996–97 Philadelphia Flyers season was the Philadelphia Flyers 30th season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . The Flyers reached the Stanley Cup Finals but lost to the Detroit Red Wings in a four-game sweep .
Regular season
While Eric Lindros rehabbed from a bothersome groin injury , the Flyers treaded water through the early part of the schedule . They dropped the first-ever home game at the new CoreStates Center to the Florida Panthers , 3–1 , on October 5 , and lost again to their new rivals three weeks later . However , they rebounded to end the Panthers ' season-opening 8–0–4 run with a 3–2 victory in Miami on November 2 .
With John LeClair , Mikael Renberg , Dale Hawerchuk and Rod Brind'Amour expected to pick up the slack on offense , the club was inconsistent and went 12–10–1 prior to Lindros ' return in a 2–0 loss in Boston on November 26 . Another loss the next night to the Islanders dropped the team into fourth place , but the team soon caught fire , ripping off a 14–0–3 stretch from November 30 to January 7 .
The run included an incredible stretch of four consecutive shutouts wins in mid-December ( Hartford , Boston , Islanders , St. Louis ) , a trade which netted high-scoring defenseman Paul Coffey and a thrilling come-from-behind 4–4 tie against the Colorado Avalanche in Denver on January 4 .
In a 9–5 win over Montreal on February 6 , the Legion of Doom line set a franchise-record with 16 points and spoiled the NHL debut of Tomas Vokoun , and in a 5–5 tie on March 1 in Boston , third-line winger Trent Klatt recorded their first ( and only ) 20-goal season with a hat trick .
A 2–3–2 finish which saw Lindros sit out a one-game suspension and the Devils vault over the team for first place in the Atlantic was mitigated when LeClair scored their 50th goal of the season in a 5–4 win over New Jersey in the final regular-season game .
Season standings
Playoffs
Backstopped by the goaltending tandem of Ron Hextall and Garth Snow , the Flyers dominated the Pittsburgh Penguins , the Buffalo Sabres , and the New York Rangers all in five games apiece to win the Eastern Conference championship , and clinch a berth in the Stanley Cup Finals for the first time since 1987 . However , their opponent , the Detroit Red Wings , swept the Flyers in four straight games . After Game 3 , Terry Murray said that the team was in a `` choking situation . '' It is said this remark cost Murray their job , as they were fired less than a week after the conclusion of the finals .
Schedule and results
Regular season
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 1 || October 5 || Florida Panthers || 1–3 || 0–1–0 || 0 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2 || October 7 || New Jersey Devils || 3–1 || 1–1–0 || 2 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 3 || October 10 || Los Angeles Kings || 5–4 OT || 2–1–0 || 4 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 4 || October 12 || @ New York Islanders || 1–5 || 2–2–0 || 4 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 5 || October 13 || Calgary Flames || 0–1 || 2–3–0 || 4 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 6 || October 15 || @ Los Angeles Kings || 2–3 || 2–4–0 || 4 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 7 || October 16 || @ Mighty Ducks of Anaheim || 4–3 || 3–4–0 || 6 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 8 || October 18 || @ Phoenix Coyotes || 3–1 || 4–4–0 || 8 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 9 || October 22 || Mighty Ducks of Anaheim || 3–0 || 5–4–0 || 10 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 10 || October 26 || @ Montreal Canadiens || 5–6 || 5–5–0 || 10 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 11 || October 27 || Florida Panthers || 2–3 || 5–6–0 || 10 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 12 || October 30 || @ Washington Capitals || 2–4 || 5–7–0 || 10 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 13 || October 31 || @ Tampa Bay Lightning || 4–3 || 6–7–0 || 12 ||
|-
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 14 || November 2 || @ Florida Panthers || 3–2 || 7–7–0 || 14 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 15 || November 4 || New York Islanders || 3–4 || 7–8–0 || 14 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 16 || November 7 || @ Buffalo Sabres || 5–2 || 8–8–0 || 16 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 17 || November 9 || Chicago Blackhawks || 1–4 || 8–9–0 || 16 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 18 || November 10 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 3–1 || 9–9–0 || 18 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 19 || November 13 || @ New York Rangers || 2–1 || 10–9–0 || 20 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 20 || November 14 || Washington Capitals || 2–5 || 10–10–0 || 20 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 21 || November 16 || San Jose Sharks || 2–2 OT || 10–10–1 || 21 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 22 || November 21 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–3 || 11–10–1 || 23 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 23 || November 23 || @ Tampa Bay Lightning || 2–1 || 12–10–1 || 25 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 24 || November 26 || @ Boston Bruins || 0–2 || 12–11–1 || 25 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 25 || November 27 || @ New York Islanders || 1–4 || 12–12–1 || 25 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 26 || November 30 || @ Ottawa Senators || 4–3 || 13–12–1 || 27 ||
|-
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 27 || December 1 || Vancouver Canucks || 4–3 || 14–12–1 || 29 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 28 || December 4 || @ New York Rangers || 1–1 OT || 14–12–2 || 30 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 29 || December 6 || @ Dallas Stars || 6–3 || 15–12–2 || 32 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 30 || December 10 || Florida Panthers || 5–4 || 16–12–2 || 34 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 31 || December 12 || Hartford Whalers || 3–2 || 17–12–2 || 36 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 32 || December 14 || @ Hartford Whalers || 4–0 || 18–12–2 || 38 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 33 || December 15 || Boston Bruins || 6–0 || 19–12–2 || 40 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 34 || December 19 || New York Islanders || 5–0 || 20–12–2 || 42 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 35 || December 21 || St. Louis Blues || 4–0 || 21–12–2 || 44 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 36 || December 22 || @ Chicago Blackhawks || 2–2 OT || 21–12–3 || 45 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 37 || December 27 || @ Edmonton Oilers || 6–4 || 22–12–3 || 47 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 38 || December 29 || @ Calgary Flames || 4–2 || 23–12–3 || 49 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 39 || December 31 || @ Vancouver Canucks || 5–3 || 24–12–3 || 51 ||
|-
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 40 || January 2 || @ San Jose Sharks || 4–1 || 25–12–3 || 53 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 41 || January 4 || @ Colorado Avalanche || 4–4 OT || 25–12–4 || 54 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 42 || January 7 || Boston Bruins || 7–3 || 26–12–4 || 56 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 43 || January 9 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 1–3 || 26–13–4 || 56 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 44 || January 11 || Washington Capitals || 3–3 OT || 26–13–5 || 57 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 45 || January 14 || Montreal Canadiens || 3–2 || 27–13–5 || 59 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 46 || January 21 || Dallas Stars || 3–3 OT || 27–13–6 || 60 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 47 || January 22 || @ Detroit Red Wings || 2–2 OT || 27–13–7 || 61 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 48 || January 25 || Detroit Red Wings || 1–4 || 27–14–7 || 61 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 49 || January 28 || Phoenix Coyotes || 4–1 || 28–14–7 || 63 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 50 || January 29 || @ Washington Capitals || 2–1 || 29–14–7 || 65 ||
|-
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 51 || February 1 || New York Rangers || 2–4 || 29–15–7 || 65 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 52 || February 4 || Buffalo Sabres || 1–1 OT || 29–15–8 || 66 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 53 || February 6 || Montreal Canadiens || 9–5 || 30–15–8 || 68 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 54 || February 8 || @ New Jersey Devils || 2–4 || 30–16–8 || 68 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 55 || February 13 || Ottawa Senators || 4–2 || 31–16–8 || 70 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 56 || February 15 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–1 || 32–16–8 || 72 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 57 || February 16 || @ Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–2 || 33–16–8 || 74 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 58 || February 19 || Hartford Whalers || 2–2 OT || 33–16–9 || 75 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 59 || February 20 || @ Tampa Bay Lightning || 2–5 || 33–17–9 || 75 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 60 || February 22 || @ Florida Panthers || 4–3 OT || 34–17–9 || 77 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 61 || February 23 || New York Rangers || 2–1 || 35–17–9 || 79 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 62 || February 26 || @ Ottawa Senators || 8–5 || 36–17–9 || 81 ||
|-
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 63 || March 1 || @ Boston Bruins || 5–5 OT || 36–17–10 || 82 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 64 || March 2 || @ Hartford Whalers || 5–2 || 37–17–10 || 84 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 65 || March 5 || New Jersey Devils || 1–3 || 37–18–10 || 84 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 66 || March 8 || @ Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–3 OT || 37–19–10 || 84 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 67 || March 9 || Washington Capitals || 5–0 || 38–19–10 || 86 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 68 || March 11 || @ Buffalo Sabres || 2–3 OT || 38–20–10 || 86 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 69 || March 13 || Edmonton Oilers || 5–4 OT || 39–20–10 || 88 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 70 || March 15 || Buffalo Sabres || 5–7 || 39–21–10 || 88 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 71 || March 19 || @ Toronto Maple Leafs || 6–3 || 40–21–10 || 90 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 72 || March 22 || @ New York Islanders || 3–3 OT || 40–21–11 || 91 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 73 || March 23 || Colorado Avalanche || 2–0 || 41–21–11 || 93 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 74 || March 25 || @ New Jersey Devils || 4–3 || 42–21–11 || 95 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 75 || March 29 || @ Washington Capitals || 5–3 || 43–21–11 || 97 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 76 || March 30 || @ St. Louis Blues || 2–3 || 43–22–11 || 97 ||
|-
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 77 || April 1 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 1–1 OT || 43–22–12 || 98 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 78 || April 6 || Ottawa Senators || 2–1 || 44–22–12 || 100 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 79 || April 7 || @ New York Rangers || 2–3 || 44–23–12 || 100 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 80 || April 10 || New York Rangers || 3–6 || 44–24–12 || 100 ||
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 81 || April 12 || @ Montreal Canadiens || 3–3 OT || 44–24–13 || 101 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 82 || April 13 || New Jersey Devils || 5–4 || 45–24–13 || 103 ||
|-
|-
| Legend :
Playoffs
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1 || April 17 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–1 || Flyers lead 1–0 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2 || April 19 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–2 || Flyers lead 2–0 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 3 || April 21 || @ Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–3 || Flyers lead 3–0 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 4 || April 23 || @ Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–4 || Flyers lead 3–1 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 5 || April 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–3 || Flyers win 4–1 ||
|-
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1 || May 3 || Buffalo Sabres || 5–3 || Flyers lead 1–0 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2 || May 5 || Buffalo Sabres || 2–1 || Flyers lead 2–0 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 3 || May 7 || @ Buffalo Sabres || 4–1 || Flyers lead 3–0 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 4 || May 9 || @ Buffalo Sabres || 4–5 OT || Flyers lead 3–1 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 5 || May 11 || Buffalo Sabres || 6–3 || Flyers win 4–1 ||
|-
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1 || May 16 || New York Rangers || 3–1 || Flyers lead 1–0 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 2 || May 18 || New York Rangers || 4–5 || Series tied 1–1 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 3 || May 20 || @ New York Rangers || 6–3 || Flyers lead 2–1 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 4 || May 23 || @ New York Rangers || 3–2 || Flyers lead 3–1 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 5 || May 25 || New York Rangers || 4–2 || Flyers win 4–1 ||
|-
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 1 || May 31 || Detroit Red Wings || 2–4 || Red Wings lead 1–0 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 2 || June 3 || Detroit Red Wings || 2–4 || Red Wings lead 2–0 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 3 || June 5 || @ Detroit Red Wings || 1–6 || Red Wings lead 3–0 ||
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 4 || June 7 || @ Detroit Red Wings || 1–2 || Red Wings win 4–0 ||
|-
|-
| Legend :
Player statistics
Scoring
Position abbreviations : C = Center ; D = Defense ; G = Goaltender ; LW = Left Wing ; RW = Right Wing
= Joined team via a transaction ( e.g. , trade , waivers , signing ) during the season . Stats reflect time with the Flyers only .
= Left team via a transaction ( e.g. , trade , waivers , release ) during the season . Stats reflect time with the Flyers only .
Goaltending
Awards and records
Awards
Records
Tied for NHL record
Individual
Rod Brind'Amour tied Rick MacLeish 's team record for consecutive games played at 287 on January 29 , 1997 . Brind'Amour 's streak ended at 484 games when a fractured left foot caused them to miss the first 34 games of the 1999–2000 season .
Team
Milestones
Transactions
The Flyers were involved in the following transactions from June 12 , 1996 , the day after the deciding game of the 1996 Stanley Cup Finals , through June 7 , 1997 , the day of the deciding game of the 1997 Stanley Cup Finals .
Trades
Players acquired
Players lost
Signings
Draft picks
Philadelphia 's picks at the 1996 NHL Entry Draft , which was held at the Kiel Center in St. Louis , Missouri , on June 22 , 1996 . The Flyers traded their first-round pick , 24th overall , their fourth-round pick , 106th overall , and Martin Spanhel to the San Jose Sharks for Pat Falloon on September 20 , 1995 . They also traded their third-round pick , 78th overall , and their sixth-round pick , 157th overall , to the Colorado Avalanche for Garth Snow on July 12 , 1995 , and their ninth-round pick , 239th overall , to the Ottawa Senators for Kerry Huffman on March 19 , 1996 .
Farm teams
The Flyers were affiliated with the Philadelphia Phantoms of the AHL and the Mobile Mysticks of the ECHL .
Notes
References
General
Specific
P
P
1996
1996-1997
2
Philadelphia
Philadelphia
Emmanuel Barthélemy ( 1823–1855 ) was a French revolutionary and a member of secret Blanquist societies during the reign of Louis-Phillipe , the citizen king of France in the July monarchy from 1830 until 1848 . They fled to London in 1850 .
They are remembered for being the winner of the last fatal duel in England , fought in 1852 with another French exile . In 1855 , they were hanged in London after killing two Englishmen .
Revolutionary activity
Born in 1823 , Barthélemy was from Sceaux , Hauts-de-Seine , on the outskirts of Paris . In 1839 , they were imprisoned for shooting a police officer during a coup attempt by the Société des saisons , led by Louis Auguste Blanqui and Armand Barbès . Some sources state the officer was killed , others state they were only wounded .
Barthélemy was released in 1847 during a general amnesty . The following year they participated in the June Days Uprising in Paris , which saw working-class Parisians erecting barricades and battling government troops between 23 and 26 June 1848 . Barthélemy commanded the insurrectionists manning a barricade blocking Rue de la Grange-aux-Belles until overcome by forces commanded by General Lamoricière . The barricade ( although from a different uprising ) is described in detail in volume 5 of Victor Hugo 's Les Misérables . In the aftermath of the uprising , they were arrested and convicted . They were held at the Conciergerie prison , but nevertheless managed to escape to London in 1849 or 1850 .
Exile in London
In London , Barthélemy became involved in producing a journal , Les Veilles du Peiple , alongside Louis Auguste Blanqui , Eugène Sue , and others . They became prominent amongst those exiles who were followers of Blanqui , although they were mistrusted by some who suspected them of being a spy for the French government .
Barthélemy came into contact with Karl Marx and Wilhelm Liebknecht . They met at an establishment in Rathbone Place , popular with French exiles , where fencing and pistol shooting were taught and practiced and where Barthélemy coached Marx in fencing .
Barthélemy visited Karl and Jenny Marx at their apartment several times although Jenny Marx disliked them intensely . Barthélemy was also an associate of the German radical August Willich . According to Wilhelm Liebknecht , Willich and Barthélemy plotted to kill Marx for being too conservative . In 1850 , Willich publicly insulted Marx and challenged them to a duel , which Marx refused to fight . However Willich was challenged in turn by Konrad Schramm , a young follower of Marx . The duel , with pistols , took place in Belgium , with Barthélemy acting as Willich 's second . Schramm was wounded , but survived the encounter .
The last duel in England
In 1852 , Barthélemy fought the last fatal duel in England . Their opponent was Frédéric Constant Cournet , a former French naval officer . Cournet had also taken part in the July 1848 uprising . They had been elected to the National Assembly in 1850 , but in the same year had been imprisoned for helping Eugène Edine Pottier escape from prison . They fled France after leading the unsuccessful resistance in Paris to the Coup d'etat of Napoleon III in 1851 . Although both men were on the political left , Cournet was a follower of Alexandre Auguste Ledru-Rollin and so was an opponent of Barthélemy and Louis Blanqui . Barthélemy challenged Cournet after taking offense at remarks Cournet made about a former girlfriend of his .
The duel took place outside London , on 19 October at Priest Hill , near Englefield Green . Cournet and Barthélemy , each accompanied by two men acting as seconds , traveled by train to the meeting place .
Cournet received a bullet wound , but Barthélemy was unhurt . They and their two seconds left the scene to return to London . One of Cournet 's seconds fled and was never found but the other remained by their side until both men were found by chance by a local doctor . Cournet was carried to a nearby pub , the Barley Mow , and the police were alerted . By this time , Barthélemy and their two seconds were on the train to London . However , the Surrey police alerted their London colleagues by telegraph and the three were arrested when they arrived at Waterloo station . News of the encounter had been widely circulated amongst the French immigrant community , which was polarized between supporters of Cournet and Ledru-Rollin , and those who supported Barthélemy and Louis Blanc . On the day of the duel , a crowd had gathered at Waterloo station to hear the result . Reportedly , bets were placed on the outcome .
Cournet died in agony some hours after being wounded and their second was arrested . The four Frenchmen were together tried for murder on 21 March 1853 at Kingston Assizes . The jury found them not guilty of murder , but guilty of manslaughter . By this time they had been in prison for five months while awaiting trial so the judge sentenced them only to a further two months in prison .
Cournet is buried at St. John 's Church , Egham .
Murder conviction and execution
In 1854 , Barthélemy began working as an engineer for a soda water maker called George Moore . On the evening of 8 December 1854 , they visited their employer 's house at Warren Street , London , accompanied by a woman . Evidence suggested the meeting was initially cordial , but it ended in a struggle which resulted in Moore being beaten with a stick , then shot and killed . As Barthélemy left the house , Charles Collard , an ex-police officer who kept a neighboring greengrocer 's shop attempted to stop their escape but was shot and wounded . Barthélemy was apprehended by a bystander after a chase and a violent struggle . Their companion escaped in the confusion ; their face was concealed by a heavy veil and they were never identified or arrested . There were press claims they were a man in disguise , but this was denied by the police , who later stated their belief they escaped the country .
Collard died the next day from their wound , although not before identifying Barthélemy as the man who shot him , when they were brought to their hospital bedside . Barthélemy was tried for the murder of Charles Collard on 4 January 1855 ( he was not charged over the killing of George Moore ) . They were defended by the eminent lawyer , Robert Collier QC but was found guilty .
Although the jury delivered a strong recommendation for mercy , the judges John Campbell , 1st Baron Campbell and Richard Crowder , condemned them to death . It was only after their conviction , that they gave an account of what happened . They stated they quarreled with Moore over money that Moore owed to the woman . They shot Collard accidentally while struggling with them in their attempt to escape . However it was later suggested that Barthélemy was actually attempting to blackmail Moore and the woman who accompanied them was either Moore 's daughter , or a woman posing as Moore 's daughter . Wilhelm Liebknecht later wrote in their work Karl Marx : Biographical Memoirs , that before the meeting with Moore , Barthélemy had been planning to travel to France . They had managed to obtain an admission ticket to a ball due to be held at the Tuileries Palace and planned to attempt the assassination of Napoleon III during the event .
Some figures publicly called for a reprieve of Barthélemy 's death sentence , claiming that the shooting of Moore was the result of an angry quarrel and not premeditated , and that Collard was shot accidentally . However , there was no reprieve . During their final days before their execution , Barthélemy scandalized their jailors , and the priests given the task of ministering to him , by repeatedly confirming their firm atheism . They said they saw no purpose in praying to God , as God would not break the rope when they were hanged . A request they made to the authorities was for a French translation of Paradise Lost , a copy was found for them with some difficulty and they read it with great attention during their final days .
Barthélemy was publicly hanged at Newgate , on the morning of Monday 22 January 1855 . Their final request was to hold a piece of paper in their hand while they were hanged - this was later found to be a letter from a Frenchwoman called Sophie . It was speculated they were the woman present at the killing of Moore , but nothing further was ever known about them
Legacy
After their execution , a wax effigy of Barthélemy was exhibited at Madame Tussauds .
Victor Hugo included a brief account of Barthélemy 's life in their 1862 novel , Les Misérables . Pictures of their death mask were included in several texts on Phrenology .
Cournet and Barthélémy 's duel was fictionalized in a short , 2010 French film , Le Dernier Duel . Barthélémy was played by André Refig . It won an award for the best short film at the 2011 British Independent Film Festival .
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
1820 births
1855 deaths
French socialists
French revolutionaries
Bartelemy Emmanuel
People from Hauts-de-Seine
1854 murders in the United Kingdom
1853 crimes in Europe
Murder in London
1850s murders in London
Urszula Radwańska is the defending champion , having won the event in 2012 , but chose not to defend their title .
Petra Martić won the title , defeating Karolína Plíšková in the final , 6–3 , 6–3 .
Seeds
Main draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main draw
Aegon Trophy - Women 's Singles
2013 Women 's Singles
The Mauritania national rugby union team represents Mauritania in international rugby union . Mauritania are a member of the International Rugby Board ( IRB ) , and have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup tournament . The Mauritania national rugby team played their first ever international against Ghana in 2003 , with Ghana winning the game 29 points to 8 .
External links
Mauritania on IRB.com
Mauritania on rugbydata.com
African national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Mauritania
Rugby
11th Division or 11th Infantry Division may refer to :
Infantry divisions
11th Division ( Australia )
11th Infantry Division ( Bangladesh ) , see Md . Rashed Amin
11th Division ( German Empire )
11th Reserve Division ( German Empire )
11th Bavarian Infantry Division , a unit of the Royal Bavarian Army , part of the Imperial German Army , in World War I
11th SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division Nordland
11th Infantry Division ( Wehrmacht )
11th Infantry Division ( Greece )
11th Indian Division , a unit of the British Indian Army during World War I
11th Infantry Division ( India )
11th Infantry Division Brennero , Kingdom of Italy
11th Division ( Imperial Japanese Army )
11th Infantry Division ( Pakistan )
11th Infantry Division ( Poland )
11th Infantry Division ( Russian Empire )
11th Division ( Spain )
11th Division ( Sri Lanka )
11th Infantry Division ( Thailand ) , se Apirat Kongsompong
11th ( East Africa ) Division , a colonial unit of the British Empire during World War II
11th ( Northern ) Division , a unit of the British Army during World War I
11th Infantry Division ( United States ) , a unit in World War I and World War II
11th Rifle Division ( disambiguation )
Airborne divisions
11th Airborne Division ( United States )
Armored divisions
11th Panzer Division ( Wehrmacht ) , Germany
11th Armoured Division ( United Kingdom )
11th Armored Division ( United States )
Aviation divisions
11th Air Division , a unit of the United States Air Force in Alaska
Air defense divisions
11th Air Defense Division , Yugoslavia
See also
11th Army ( disambiguation )
XI Corps ( disambiguation )
11th Group ( disambiguation )
11th Brigade ( disambiguation )
11th Regiment ( disambiguation )
11th Battalion ( disambiguation )
11 Squadron ( disambiguation )
Giuseppe Covre ( 3 April 1950 – 24 March 2020 ) was an Italian politician .
They were an Oderzo native , born on 3 April 1950 in Fontanelle , Veneto . They were a member of Lega Nord , and represented the party throughout their political career , which began in 1990 , when they were elected municipal councillor of Motta di Livenza . They were subsequently twice elected mayor of Oderzo , in 1993 and 1997 , and was the first mayor since the fascist era ended to not be affiliated with Christian Democracy . As mayor , Covre worked closely with other municipal leaders , among them and Massimo Cacciari . Covre backed autonomy for the region , but often went against their party . This led to Covre being described as a `` heretic '' , a nickname they accepted . Covre was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1996 , and served a single term , until 2001 . They declined to run for a second parliamentary term . Term-limited as mayor , Covre chose to run for the Oderzo municipal council , and won . From 2002 , they were also a Treviso provincial councillor . Covre contested the Oderzo mayoralty again in 2006 , losing to Pietro Dalla Libera . They were expelled from Lega Nord for their support of the 2016 Italian constitutional referendum . Covre died on 24 March 2020 , aged 69 .
References
Politicians of Veneto
Venetist politicians
2020 deaths
Lega Nord politicians
Mayors of places in Veneto
1950 births
Deputies of Legislature XIII of Italy
People from Oderzo
Günter Zöller ( born 21 May 1948 ) is a German figure skating coach and former competitor for East Germany . They are the 1970 World bronze medalist , the 1970 European bronze medalist , a five-time Blue Swords champion , and a five-time East German national champion .
Personal life
Günter Zöller was born 21 May 1948 in Chemnitz .
Career
Zöller began figure skating as a child . Coached by Jutta Müller , they represented the club SC Karl-Marx-Stadt and East Germany .
Zöller debuted at the European Championships in 1963 and finished 19th . In 1965 , they won their first East German national title and was sent to the 1965 European Championships , where they placed 12th . They then competed at their first World Championships , placing 18th .
In 1967 , after winning their second national title , Zöller advanced to seventh at Europeans and 11th at Worlds . They were sent to the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble and finished 11th .
The 1969–70 season was Zöller 's most successful . After winning their fifth national title , they were awarded bronze medals at the 1970 European Championships in Leningrad and the 1970 World Championships in Ljubljana . An injury kept them out of competition the following season .
Zöller traveled with the East German team to the 1972 European Championships in Gothenburg , Sweden but did not compete , choosing to defect before the start of the event . On 10 January 1972 , they obtained an alien 's passport at the West German embassy in Sweden and boarded a ferry to Kiel . They coached in Ludwigshafen before relocating to Mannheim in 1974 . Their former students include Claudia Leistner , Rudi Cerne , Stefan Pfrengle , Manuela Ruben , Petra Ernert , and Nathalie Weinzierl .
Results
References
ISU statistics
various issues of Eissportmagazin
various issues of Pirouette magazine
1948 births
Figure skaters at the 1968 Winter Olympics
German figure skating coaches
German male single skaters
Living people
Olympic figure skaters of East Germany
Sportspeople from Chemnitz
World Figure Skating Championships medalists
European Figure Skating Championships medalists
East German defectors
The Bangladesh Volleyball Federation is the national federation for volleyball and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh . Mr. Md . Atiqul Islam is the president and Ashiqur Rahman Miku is the general secretary of the federation .
The federation also runs many national and international tournaments .
National Tournaments
International Tournaments
History
Bangladesh Volleyball Federation was established in 1973 by the Government of Bangladesh . Since its founding the federation has held national volleyball tournaments for men and women .
References
Volleyball in Bangladesh
National members of the Asian Volleyball Confederation
1973 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1973
Volleyball
Organisations based in Dhaka
Patrick Joseph Roma ( July 20 , 1949 – November 26 , 2017 ) was an American lawyer and Republican Party politician who represented the 38th Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1988 to 1997 , leaving office to serve as a judge in New Jersey Superior Court until their retirement from the bench in 2014 .
Born in New York City and raised in Cliffside Park , New Jersey Roma graduated from Cliffside Park High School . After receiving their undergraduate degree from Seton Hall University , they graduated from Samford University with a degree in law and earned a second law degree from New York University School of Law .
Political career
A practicing attorney , Roma was elected to serve on the Borough Council in Palisades Park , New Jersey , serving as council president .
First elected to the Assembly in 1987 with fellow Republican Pat Schuber , Roma and Schuber were re-elected in 1989 before Schuber resigned to take office as the Bergen County Executive and was replaced by Rose Marie Heck . Roma and Heck were re-elected in 1991 , 1993 and 1995 . Guy Talarico was chosen by Republican county committee members in February 1997 to fill the vacancy created when Roma stepped down from office on January 10 , 1997 , to take a seat as a judge on the New Jersey Superior Court . They were granted tenure as a judge in 2003 and served until 2014 when they retired .
When a New Jersey law banning assault weapons went into effect in June 1991 , Roma was the first person in Bergen County to have turned in a weapon as inoperable .
In 1992 , Roma ran against five-term Democratic incumbent Robert Torricelli in New Jersey 's 9th congressional district , criticizing their opponent as `` the poster child for Congressional abuse '' which included bouncing 27 checks drawn on the House Bank for more than $ 11,000 in just over three years and sending $ 250,000 in mailings at taxpayer expense using their franking privileges .
Death
A resident of Naples , Florida , Roma died of a stroke on November 26 , 2017 .
References
1949 births
2017 deaths
Cliffside Park High School alumni
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
New Jersey lawyers
New Jersey Republicans
New Jersey state court judges
New York University School of Law alumni
20th-century American politicians
People from Cliffside Park , New Jersey
People from Hillside , New Jersey
People from Naples , Florida
People from Palisades Park , New Jersey
Samford University alumni
Seton Hall University alumni
20th-century American judges
20th-century American lawyers
Kufstein ( ; Central Bavarian : Kufstoa ) is a town in the Austrian state of Tyrol , the administrative seat of Kufstein District . With a population of about 19,600 it is the second largest Tyrolean town after the state capital Innsbruck . The greatest landmark is Kufstein Fortress , first mentioned in the 13th century . The town was the place of origin of the Austrian noble family Kuefstein de .
Geography
It is located in the Tyrolean Unterland region on the river Inn , at the confluence with its Weißache and Kaiserbach tributaries , near the border with Bavaria , Germany . The municipal area stretches along the Lower Inn Valley between the Brandenberg Alps in the northwest and the Kaiser Mountains in the southeast . The remote Kaisertal until recently was the last settled valley in Austria without transport connections , prior to the completion of a tunnel road from Kufstein to neighbouring Ebbs in 2008 . North of the town , the Inn river leaves the Northern Limestone Alps and enters the Bavarian Alpine Foreland . The town area comprises several small lakes , such as Pfrillsee , Längsee , and Hechtsee ; Egelsee and Maistaller Lacke are protected nature reserves .
The municipal arrangement comprises the cadastral communities of Kufstein , Mosbach and Thierberg ; the town itself is divided into five quarters ( Zentrum , Sparchen , Weissach , Endach , and Zell ) .
Climate
Population
Economy
Glass manufacturer Riedel , haulage contractor LKW Walter , gunmaker Voere , and textile mat manufacturer Kleen-Tex are based in Kufstein .
Kufstein is also home to the University of Applied Sciences Kufstein which specializes in providing business education and is a center for international exchange .
Transport
Kufstein has two exits along the A12 motorway ( autobahn ) from Innsbruck to Rosenheim .
Kufstein railway station , opened in 1876 , forms part of the Lower Inn Valley railway section of the Brenner-axis from Munich to Verona .
The Festungsbahn is a funicular that links the city centre with the Kufstein Fortress .
History
Archaeological findings in the Tischofer Cave in Kaisertal denote a settlement of the area more than 30,000 years ago , the oldest traces of human habitation in Tyrol . Incorporated into the Roman Empire in 15 BC , the Inn river formed the border between the Roman provinces of Raetia and Noricum .
A church at Caofstein was first mentioned in a 788 deed issued by Bishop Arno of Salzburg . At that time , the Lower Inn Valley was part of the Bavarian realm under the Agilolfing duke Tassilo III , who was deposed by Charlemagne and replaced by Prefect Gerold . The Fortress is first documented in 1205 as a possession of the Bishop of Regensburg and the Duke of Bavaria .
In the early 14th century , the Wittelsbach emperor Louis IV , also Bavarian duke , vested the Kufstein citizens with rights of jurisdiction . Kufstein passed to the County of Tyrol in 1342 , when it was a wedding gift to Countess Margaret from their husband , Emperor Louis 's son Louis the Brandenburger . However , it fell back to Bavaria upon Margaret 's death in 1369 . Duke Stephen III of Bavaria granted Kufstein city status in 1393 , due to its prominence as a trading and docking point on the Inn River . From 1415 onwards , their son and successor Duke Louis VII had the Fortress largely rebuilt and expanded .
The possession of the strategically important Kufstein border fortress remained disputed . In 1504 , the Habsburg emperor Maximilian I took the opportunity of the War of the Succession of Landshut within the Bavarian Wittelsbach dynasty : their Austrian forces laid siege to the town , and at the Imperial Diet in Cologne the next year , the emperor resolved upon the cession of the Kufstein territories to the Habsburg lands of Tyrol . Maximilian had the prominent Kaiserturm tower of the fortress erected , which was finished in 1522 .
During the War of the Spanish Succession , the castle was again besieged by Bavarian troops under Elector Maximilian II Emanuel in 1703 , nevertheless the Austrian domains were confirmed by the Treaty of Ilbersheim the next year . After the War of the Third Coalition , Kufstein once again was awarded to the newly established Kingdom of Bavaria in the 1805 Peace of Pressburg and the Tyrolean Rebellion of 1809 was crushed by the Bavarian Army . Finally in 1813/14 it passed to the Austrian Empire .
In the 19th century , Kufstein Fortress was turned into a bastille for political prisoners , such as the Hungarian outlaw Sándor Rózsa , who spent several years here before they were finally pardoned in 1868 . The town 's economic development was decisively promoted by the opening of the Lower Inn Valley Railway line in 1858 .
In the late days of World War II the historic town centre suffered from Allied bombing . After the war , Kufstein was occupied by French and US forces ; it was the site of a French sector United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration Displaced Persons camp .
Sights
Due to its long history , the city of Kufstein has various sights to offer :
The Fortress ( Festung ) is built on a rock the height of which amounts to . Sometimes erroneously called Schloss Garoldseck , the fortress was mentioned as Castrum Caofstein in a document for the first time in 1205 . It was enlarged several times . The most important tower , the round and impressive Kaiserturm , was built from 1518-22 . Several times in its history , the fortress was used as a prison . Today it is famous for its large organ ( Heldenorgel ) .
The old city center ( Altstadt ) with several picturesque lanes the most famous of which is Römerhofgasse .
The sightworthy City Hall ( Rathaus ) is on a square called Stadtplatz .
Saint Vitus Church is the oldest church of Kufstein . It was built from 1390-1420 in a typical Gothic style . Later , it was converted into a baroque church from 1660-61 .
A part of the medieval city wall is well preserved and worth a visit . The sightworthy Wasserbastei is in the Northern part of the old city center on the river Inn . In the Southern part of the wall , a former gate called Auracher Löchl can be seen .
International relations
Twin towns — Sister cities
Kufstein is twinned with
Frauenfeld , Switzerland
Rovereto , Italy
Langenlois , Austria
Notable people
Ferenc Kazinczy ( 1759–1831 ) , author , the regenerator of the Hungarian language and literature
Josef Madersperger ( 1768–1850 ) , tailor and one of the inventors of the sewing machine
Adele Stürzl ( 1892–1944 ) , communist and resistance fighter against National Socialism
Max Reisch ( 1912–1985 ) , Orient-researcher and writer
Claus Josef Riedel ( 1925–2004 ) , entrepreneur and glass designer
Cornelius Rost ( 1919–1983 ) , Wehrmacht officer and a template for the novel As far as your feet will carry
Christian Pravda ( 1927–1994 ) , alpine skier
Günter Pichler ( born 1940 ) , musician and professor
Franz Schuler ( born 1962 ) , biathlete
Manfred Linzmaier ( born 1962 ) , soccer player and team manager
Armin Kircher ( 1966–2015 ) , church musician and composer
Markus Kronthaler ( 1967–2006 ) , mountaineer and climber
Karl Wendlinger ( born 1968 ) , racecar and Formula One driver
Claus Dalpiaz ( born 1971 ) , ice hockey goaltender
Leslie H. Sabo , Jr. ( 1948–1970 ) , US-soldier , Medal of Honor recipient
In popular culture
Film and television
Locations in and around Kufstein have been used for a number of films and television programmes : Destiny ( 1942 ) , Mountain Crystal ( 1949 ) , Bluebeard ( 1951 ) , White Shadows ( 1951 ) , Das letzte Aufgebot ( 1953 ) , The Flying Classroom ( 1954 ) , Graf Porno und die liebesdurstigen Töchter ( 1969 ) , Vanessa ( 1977 ) , Sachrang ( 1978 ) , TV documentary series Bilderbuch Deutschland ( 1996 ) , Da wo das Glück beginnt ( 2006 ) , Da wo es noch Treue gibt ( 2006 ) , and Da wo die Freundschaft zahlt ( 2007 ) . For further information see the Internet Movie Database .
Music
The song ( also called Das Kufsteiner Lied ) , originally composed by Karl Ganzer , has been covered by many musicians including Heino and Franzl Lang .
References
External links
Official website
Kufstein Gigapixel Panorama ( 15.000 Megapixel )
Kufstein webcam
Kufstein Tourist Board
www.heimat-kufstein.at : Historical pictures of Kufstein
Cities and towns in Kufstein District
Kufstein District
Populated places on the Inn ( river )
The Edward Pulsifer House is a historic house located on Illinois Route 71 in Hennepin , Illinois . Edward Pulsifer , a prominent Hennepin business person , had the house built in 1844 , four years after they came to the city . Pulsifer began their enterprise by running a general store with their brother ; their later ventures included local real estate and a shipping business on the Illinois River . Their house is designed in the Federal style and is one of Putnam County 's best remaining examples of the style . The -story brick house is topped by a gable roof ; the brick in the gables forms a projecting coping at the top , and each gable has paired chimneys at its peak . Brick parapets connect the pairs of chimneys , a stylistic element often seen in Federal architecture in Illinois . The entrance and the roofline feature matching dentillated entablatures ; the entrance also features a transom , sidelights , and flanking pilasters .
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 4 , 1979 .
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Federal architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1844
Buildings and structures in Putnam County , Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County , Illinois
In sailing , a block is a single or multiple pulley . One or a number of sheaves are enclosed in an assembly between cheeks or chocks . In use , a block is fixed to the end of a line , to a spar , or to a surface . A line ( rope ) is reeved through the sheaves , and maybe through one or more matching blocks at some far end , to make up a tackle .
The purchase of a tackle refers to its mechanical advantage . In general the more sheaves in the blocks that make up a tackle , the higher its mechanical advantage . The matter is slightly complicated by the fact that every tackle has a working end where the final run of rope leaves the last sheave . More mechanical advantage can be obtained if this end is attached to the moving load rather than the fixed end of the tackle .
There are various types of blocks that are used in sailing . Some blocks are used to increase mechanical advantage and others are used simply to change the direction of a line . A ratchet block turns freely when a line is pulled in one direction but does not turn the other direction , although the line may slip past the sheave . This kind of block makes a loaded line easier to hold by hand , and is sometimes used on smaller boats for lines like main and jib sheets that are frequently adjusted .
A single , large , sail-powered warship in the mid-19th century required more than 1,400 blocks of various kinds .
Sailing terms in everyday English
Chock a ' block Refers literally to the situation where pulling on the working line will not raise the load any further because the cheeks of one lifting block are already against the other . Figuratively this has come to mean that something is as full or as close as it can be .
See also
Block and tackle
Two six heaves
Portsmouth Block Mills
Pulley
References
Sailing rigs and rigging
Mitchell v. Forsyth , 472 U.S. 511 ( 1985 ) , was a United States Supreme Court case deciding on the issue of immunity of cabinet officers from suits from individuals .
In 1970 , John N. Mitchell , Attorney General , authorized a warrantless wiretap for the purpose of gathering intelligence regarding the activities of a radical group that had made tentative plans to take actions threatening the Nation 's security . During the time the wiretap was installed , the Government intercepted three conversations between a member of the group and respondent . In 1972 , the Supreme Court in United States v. United States District Court ( 1972 ) , also known as the Keith case , ruled that the Fourth Amendment does not permit warrantless wiretaps in cases involving domestic threats to the national security . Respondent then filed a damages action in Federal District Court against petitioner and others , alleging that the surveillance to which they had been subjected violated the Fourth Amendment and Title III of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act . Ultimately , the District Court , granting respondent 's motion for summary judgment on the issue of liability , held that petitioner was not entitled to either absolute or qualified immunity . The Court of Appeals agreed with the denial of absolute immunity , but held , with respect to the denial of qualified immunity , that the District Court 's order was not appealable under the collateral order doctrine .
Decision
The Court held :
1 . Petitioner is not absolutely immune from suit for damages arising out of their allegedly unconstitutional conduct in performing their national security functions . Their status as a Cabinet officer is not in itself sufficient to invest them with absolute immunity . The considerations of separation of powers that call for absolute immunity for state and federal legislators and for the President do not demand a similar immunity for Cabinet officers or other high executive officials . Nor does the nature of the Attorney General 's national security functions—as opposed to their prosecutorial functions—warrant absolute immunity . Petitioner points to no historical or common law basis for absolute immunity for officers carrying out tasks essential to national security , such as pertains to absolute immunity for judges , prosecutors , and witnesses . The performance of national security functions does not subject an official to the same risks of entanglement in vexatious litigation as does the carrying out of the judicial or `` quasijudicial '' tasks that have been the primary wellsprings of absolute immunities . And the danger that high federal officials will disregard constitutional rights in their zeal to protect the national security is sufficiently real to counsel against affording such officials an absolute immunity . P P. 520-524 .
2 . The District Court 's denial of qualified immunity , to the extent it turned on a question of law , is an appealable `` final decision '' within the meaning of 28 U.S.C . § 1291 notwithstanding the absence of a final judgment . Qualified immunity , similar to absolute immunity , is an entitlement not to stand trial under certain circumstances . Such entitlement is an immunity from suit rather than a mere defense to liability ; and like absolute immunity , it is effectively lot if a case is erroneously permitted to go to trial . Accordingly , the reasoning that underlies the immediate appealability of the denial of absolute immunity indicates that the denial of qualified immunity should be similarly appealable under the `` collateral order '' doctrine ; in each case , the district court 's decision is effectively unreviewable on appeal from a final judgment . The denial of qualified immunity also meets the additional criteria for an appealable interlocutory order : it conclusively determines the disputed question , and it involves a claim of rights separable from , and collateral to , rights asserted in the action . P P. 524-530 .
3 . Petitioner is entitled to qualified immunity from suit for their authorization of the wiretap in question notwithstanding their actions violated the Fourth Amendment . Under Harlow v. Fitzgerald , 457 U. S. 800 , petitioner is immune unless their actions violated clearly established law . In 1970 , when the wiretap took place , well over a year before Keith , supra , was decided , it was not clearly established that such a wiretap was unconstitutional . P P. 530-535 .
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases , volume 472
Qualified immunity
Immunity from prosecution
References
External links
1985 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
Cabinet of the United States
John Kenneth MacKenzie ( 25 August 1850 – 1 April 1888 ) was an English medical missionary to China . They initially started their work through the London Missionary Society in Hankow in 1875 . In Hankow , they treated patients in the London Missionary Society hospital , learned Chinese , and engaged in evangelism . The majority of the cases they treated were eyed disease , opium addiction , and cases involving surgery . In 1878 , MacKenzie transferred to Tientsin due to the failing health of their wife . In Tientsin , MacKenzie constructed and ran a hospital with the help of the Viceroy 's patronage and also established the Tientsin Medical School . MacKenzie also helped in the organisation of the Medical Missionary Association in China and the editing of the Medical Missionary Journal . They employed evangelism in many parts of their work but died an early death in 1888 due to smallpox .
Early life
John Kenneth MacKenzie , an English medical missionary to China , was born in Yarmouth , England on 25 August 1850 . Their father , Alexander Mackenzie , was a Scotsman from Ross-shire and their Welsh mother , Margaret Mackenzie , was from Breconshire . Both sets of grandparents were extremely religious . After moving to Bristol when they were an infant , John MacKenzie 's father became deeply attached to Reverend Matthew Dickie at the Presbyterian Church . This created a very religious environment at the MacKenzie household . John was described to be reserved but easily provoked as a child , as well as having a sympathising heart . After attending a private school in Bristol , they are n't fond of studying so they left school at age fifteen and became a clerk in a merchant 's office . MacKenzie started to regularly attend the meetings of the Young Men 's Christian Association in Bristol . Even though they stopped attending the meetings , Christianity was still a very strong influence in their life . MacKenzie spoke to their friend Colonel Duncan about how they had an urge to engage in the Lord 's work in foreign fields so Colonel Duncan recommended that MacKenzie read a book entitled , `` The Double Cure ; or , What is a Medical Mission ? '' After reading their book , MacKenzie decided to ask their parents if they could quit their job and begin to study medicine with the goal of going to China as a medical missionary . MacKenzie 's parents agreed and they quickly enrolled into medical school .
Education
In October 1870 , John Kenneth MacKenzie enrolled in the Bristol Medical School and received their M.R.C.S . London and L.R.C.P . Edinburgh diplomas in four short years . While in Edinburgh , MacKenzie met Dr. Lowe , a member of the Edinburgh Medical Missionary Society . MacKenzie had already expressed interest in travelling to China from reading memoirs of Burns and Henderson , but Dr. Lowe strengthened their desire by explaining China 's great need of a medical missionary to take charge of a hospital in Hankow . Thus , MacKenzie decided to offer their services to the London Missionary Society for medical missionary work in Hankow . They set off to China on the S.S. Glenlyon on 8 April 1875 .
Medical missionary work in China
Hankow
On 8 June 1875 , MacKenzie was welcomed to Hankow by Mr. and Mrs. Griffith John as well as Mr. Foster , their future colleagues . Hankow , previously known as the `` Heart of the Empire '' , is large and situated in the middle of the central province of Hupeh where the Yang-tse River and the Han River meet . In Hankow , MacKenzie assisted Dr. Reid at the local missionary hospital and dispensary . In addition , MacKenzie also took daily Chinese lessons after work in the hospital . They faced tremendous prejudice because many of the Chinese did not trust the medicine of the foreign on the part of the Christians living in Hankow . But after MacKenzie successfully attended the chief deacon of the Hankow Church , the distrust was alleviated . In August , MacKenzie suffered heavily from Malaria , but recovered in a month and they soon became head doctor at the hospital . Although they were very busy in the hospital , MacKenzie felt the urge to help the surrounding villages in the country-side surrounding Hankow . They and Mr. Joh , a colleague , visited a number of villages where eye disease was the most prevalent cases . At some of the villages they met physical hostility toward foreign Christians , but after meeting with the chief magistrate of the district , the magistrate issued a proclamation through the district and the villagers were much more welcoming the second time around .
Word of the foreign doctor soon spread all across the province of Hupeh . John MacKenzie cured hundreds of opium smoking patients and thousands of other patients . They discovered that many Chinese doctors were coming to them with questions and they realised that they had little to no knowledge of anatomy of physiology . They began their plans to construct a medical school with the hopes of teaching the Chinese how to perform surgery .
In December 1876 , Dr. MacKenzie travelled to Shanghai to marry Miss Travers , the woman they met while doing Christian work in Bristol . They returned to Hankow and continued their daily work ; MacKenzie worked at the hospital and cured an average of 100 patients each day and Miss Travers began to learn Chinese . There was a cholera outbreak that MacKenzie treated and there was also an increase in surgeries , indicating the building trust of the Chinese to western medicine .
Tientsin
In March 1879 , Dr. MacKenzie and their family moved stations from Hankow to Tientsin . This move was due to family matters for the health of their wife was failing and they believed a change in environment would be best . At this time , Dr. MacKenzie also had a daughter named Maggie . Tientsin is located in the North very close to the capital , Beijing . It was the port of the capital at that time . Upon their arrival at Tientsin , the city had no hospital or foreign drugs , only a small dispensary ran by Mr. Pai . MacKenzie used their own money to buy foreign drugs to dispense to people in need but only a few showed up each day . After curing a general one day , they discussed with them their plans of building a new hospital . This information was passed onto the Viceroy of the province who decided to help fund the construction and running of the new hospital . After the completion of the hospital , residents of Tientsin and the surrounding areas came in great numbers to be treated . MacKenzie treated many cases of eye disease , performed many surgeries , and gave out thousands of vaccines . They were assisted in 1887 and 1888 by Dr. Fred Charles Roberts , who would end up succeeding Mackenzie after their death .
Chinese Medical School
Even though MacKenzie was struggling to keep up with the hospital , they still had the goal of creating a medical school in China to teach the Chinese of western medicine . Their proposition was accepted by the government and thus , they received eight students who were to be used as medical officers by the government after their education with MacKenzie . Their small medical school was officially opened in December 1881 . The structure of the school mirrored that of western schools , with textbooks , exams , and papers . MacKenzie took a break from China in 1883 for five months to return to England to visit their wife and daughter who had moved back after Ms. MacKenzie 's health continued to decline . When they returned , six students graduated from the Tientsin Medical School in 1884 after three years of study . MacKenzie withdrew from being involved in the medical school because they did n't want to spend their time raising pupils up to be Government workers .
Late life
In the autumn of 1886 , it was decided that all of the medical missionaries in China should come together and form a society called the Medical Missionary Association of China . MacKenzie was a prominent part in organising this society and also helped edit the society 's journal entitled , Medical Missionary Journal . They contributed to the journal a few times . They died on Easter Day , 1888 from smallpox contracted from a patient .
References
1850 births
1888 deaths
Protestant missionaries in China
19th-century English medical doctors
Christian medical missionaries
Deaths from smallpox
English Protestant missionaries
British expatriates in China
Australopilus is a fungal genus in the family Boletaceae . Circumscribed in 2012 , it is monotypic , containing the single Australian species Australopilus palumanus .
References
External links
Boletaceae
Fungi native to Australia
Monotypic Boletales genera
Ukiah Municipal Airport is a public airport located one mile ( 1.6 km ) south of Ukiah , serving Mendocino County , California , United States . This general aviation airport covers and has one runway .
Past passenger airline service
Ukiah was served by Pacific Air Lines until the early 1960s with Douglas DC-3 aircraft with direct service to San Francisco International Airport ( SFO ) via an intermediate stop at Santa Rosa ( STS ) . Northbound DC-3 service operated by Pacific was flown from the airport to Eureka/Arcata ( ACV ) , Crescent City ( CEC ) and Medford , OR ( MFR ) .
Stol Air Commuter served Ukiah during the 1970s with nonstop service to San Francisco International Airport which was operated with Britten-Norman Islander and Trislander STOL ( short take off and landing ) capable aircraft .
CalFire Airbase
Staffing at the base consists of one battalion chief and one fire captain ( air tactics group supervisors ) , one fire apparatus engineer ( base manager ) , and several firefighters . The complement of aircraft located at Ukiah includes one OV-10 Bronco ( Air Attack 110 ) and two Grumman S-2 Tracker air tankers ( classified as S-2Ts , Tankers 90 and 91 . )
CALSTAR
CALSTAR ( California Shock Trauma Air Rescue ) is a nonprofit regional air ambulance company serving California and northern Nevada . It is currently the largest nonprofit air ambulance provider on the West Coast . CALSTAR 4 is based at the airport .
External links
Ukiah Airport 's official website
Airports in Mendocino County , California
Ukiah , California
All Saints ' Church is a 15th-century redundant church in the park of Harewood House , the seat of the Lascelles Earls of Harewood , near the village of Harewood , West Yorkshire , England . It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building , and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust . The church stands in isolation within Harewood Park , as the surrounding village was relocated by the owner of Harewood House , in about 1760 , to a location further from the house . Inside the church is the family vault of the Earls of Harewood and a set of six alabaster monuments , which are `` the largest collection of alabaster monuments in a parish church within the dates 1419–1510 '' .
History
The present church was built in about 1410 by Elizabeth and Sybil , the daughters of William de Aldburgh of the nearby Harewood Castle , and was originally dedicated to the Holy Cross . It was not the first church on the site . There is a record of a priest here in the 10th century , and some carving from this period has survived . In 1739 the estate was acquired by the Lascelles family , who in later generations became the Earls of Harewood , and in 1759 they began the building of Harewood House . In the early 1780s the family added battlements and pinnacles to the church . It was restored in 1862–63 by Sir George Gilbert Scott . The restoration included replacement of the ceiling , the pews and the stained glass , and adding a new altar , lectern , pulpit and font . By 1978 the effigies on the alabaster monuments were deteriorating and when the church was taken into the care of the Churches Conservation Trust they were restored and repairs were carried out to the fabric of the church . All Saints were declared redundant on 1 November 1977 , and was vested in the Trust on 24 October 1978 .
Architecture
Structure
The church is constructed in millstone grit , quarried locally , and its roofs are in Westmorland slate . Its plan consists of a four-bay nave with north and south aisles and a south porch , a chancel with a north vestry , and a west tower . At the eastern ends of the aisles are chantry chapels , the Gascoigne chapel on the south and the Redman chapel on the north . Its architectural style is Perpendicular . Around the church are diagonal buttresses . The tower is squat , in two stages , and is embraced by the aisles . The west doorway is arched and over it is a five-light window . The upper stage of the tower contains two-light bell openings in each side with a clock on the south face , and the top is embattled . Over the doorway in the porch is a sundial , and the date 1775 is engraved in the apex of its gable . In the aisles are three-light windows , and the east window has five lights . The buttresses at the east end are surmounted by crocketted pinnacles .
Fittings and furniture
The set of alabaster monuments are described as being `` the glory of the church '' ; they consist of the effigies of six recumbent couples lying on tomb chests , and all depict members of families connected with the Harewood estate . All the monuments were originally brightly coloured , but the colour has been lost , leaving the white alabaster . On the sides of the tombs are depictions of angels , saints and mourners . The oldest tomb , in the south chapel , is that of Sir William Gascoigne , Lord Chief Justice and their wife Elizabeth ; it dates from about 1419 . Sir William is dressed in their robes and they carry a purse and a dagger . The later tombs display a greater sophistication in their carving , and they reflect the fashions of the day . The latest effigies are of Edward Redman and their wife , dating from about 1510 ; the depiction of Edward Redman is said to be a true-to-life portrait , a rarity at the time it was carved .
In the chancel is a wall memorial to Sir Thomas Denison who died in 1765 . The church contains two fonts ; one is Norman and the other dates from the Victorian era . The octagonal pulpit dates from the 19th century and contains marble columns and carved stone panels . The altar rails and gates are a memorial to George V and include the insignia of the Order of the British Empire , Order of the Garter , Order of the Thistle and Order of St Patrick . The latest memorial in the church is on the north wall ; it is to the memory of the 6th Earl of Harewood and their wife , Mary , Princess Royal . The stained glass in the west window is from the studio of Charles Eamer Kempe .
See also
Grade I listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Grade I listed churches in West Yorkshire
Listed buildings in Harewood , West Yorkshire
List of churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust in Northern England
Notes and references
Grade I listed churches in Leeds
15th-century church buildings in England
English Gothic architecture in West Yorkshire
Churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust
Alabaster
Phelsuma berghofi is a species of gecko , a lizard in the family Gekkonidae . The species is endemic to Madagascar .
Etymology
The specific name , berghofi , is in honor of German herpetologist Hans-Peter Berghof .
Geographic range
P. berghofi is native to the Atsimo-Atsinanana region of southeastern Madagascar .
Habitat
The preferred natural habitats of P. berghofi are grassland , savanna , and forest , at altitudes from sea level to about .
Description
A medium-sized species for its genus , P. berghofi may attain a total length ( including tail ) of .
Reproduction
P. berghofi is oviparous .
References
Further reading
Berghof H-P ( 2005 ) . Taggeckos . Münster , Germany : Natur und Tier Verlag . 144 pp . ( Phelsuma berghofi , p. 111 ) . ( in German ) .
Hallmann G , Krüger J , Trautmann G ( 2008 ) . Faszinierende Taggeckos : Die Gattung Phelsuma . Münster , Germany : Natur und Tier Verlag . 253 pp . . ( Phelsuma berghofi , p. 88 ) . ( in German ) .
Krüger J ( 1996 ) . `` Beschreibung einer neuen Art aus der Gattung Phelsuma aus dem Süd-Osten Madagaskars `` . Herpetofauna 18 ( 105 ) : 14–18 . ( Phelsuma berghofi , new species ) . ( in German ) .
Rösler H ( 2000 ) . `` Kommentierte Liste der rezent , subrezent und fossil bekannten Geckotaxa ( Reptilia : Gekkonomorpha ) '' . Gekkota 2 : 28–153 . ( Phelsuma berghofi , p. 101 ) . ( in German ) .
Phelsuma
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 1996
A parking chair is a chair that is used by a vehicle owner to informally mark a parking space as reserved . Other objects are also used for this purpose , including trash cans , ladders , ironing boards , traffic cones , and similar-sized objects . In Boston , these are known as parking space savers or just space savers . For curbside parking spaces , two or more items are normally used ; for angle spaces , only one is needed .
The practice of using parking chairs is common in snowy weather within urban residential areas of the United States , where vehicle owners do not wish to risk losing their vehicle 's previously occupied space in its absence . Other spaces may be hard to find due to accumulation of uncleared and plowed snow , and the owner of a vehicle may have invested considerable work in clearing a parking space to free the car . This is common in areas where side streets are fully lined with parallel parked cars allowing only the center of the street to be cleared of snow , which then has the effect of pushing the snow onto the parked cars .
This practice is especially common in the Northeastern United States ( for example , in Boston and Pittsburgh ) , as well as Philadelphia , and the Upper Midwest and Great Lakes regions ( for example , in Chicago , where it is referred to as `` dibs '' ) . In Pittsburgh and Chicago , the use of parking chairs is considered to be an `` iconic '' regional practice .
Use in inclement weather
In snowstorms , vehicle owners with such a need mark the space as their own that their vehicle previously occupied after digging out the heavy snow that covered the vehicle and blocked them in . The legality and level of enforcement of existing laws pertaining to this practice varies by location . Generally , curbside parking spaces are public property and are available to vehicles on a first-come , first-served basis . Still , respecting these makeshift markers has been accepted by citizens as a common courtesy during snowstorms .
While use is year-round , it is a particularly time-honored tradition in heavy snowfall accumulation , when a resident who `` digs out '' their spot on the street essentially declares ownership , which often goes unchallenged by neighbors for fear of retribution .
The idea of the practice is that the person reserves the space from which they have freed their vehicle for future parking during the remainder of the storm and as long as snow remains on the ground . It is generally a Lockean recognition that the effort of the physical exertion of digging provides an entitlement to the space where the vehicle was previously located . But in some instances , spaces get reserved in this fashion even before a snowstorm starts .
Origin
The practice is common throughout areas of the United States susceptible to large amounts of snow and where curbside parking on residential streets is the norm , especially in the Northeast .
The items used have sometimes been referred to as the Pittsburgh Parking Chair , due to their common use in Pittsburgh and its nearby suburbs . Pittsburgh is a very hilly area with houses very close together , and many older neighborhoods predate cars , having narrow streets with no driveways to park in and parking on only one side of the street . While such ad hoc parking restrictions have no legal standing in the city of Pittsburgh , common and long standing community tradition supports their use . As the `` parking chair '' is part of the culture of the city , local police generally turn a blind eye to these impromptu markers , which under legal jurisdiction , technically qualify as `` abandoned furniture . ''
Photographic evidence of the tradition has been found dating back at least to the 1950s . It is believed that the practice existed earlier , as the number of vehicles on residential streets has exceeded the number of available spaces .
The origin of this practice may be outside the United States , as it is also a common practice in southern Italy .
Legality
The practice has been outlawed in some places , including the city of Washington , D.C. , where enforcement is strict and violators are ticketed . Some places specifically prohibit the practice , with levels of enforcement that vary . Sanctions against violators may include fines and confiscation of the markers . Other places either do not enforce or make legal allowances for this activity .
In Baltimore , after the 2010 blizzards on February 5–6 and February 9–10 , Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake announced that the city would not enforce an existing ban on the practice . They said that it could not be stopped , just like `` people saying Hon '' could not be stopped .
Some places , including Pittsburgh , do not place legal sanctions against those engaging in the practice , but make clear that anyone has the right to claim an informal space that was reserved by someone else for their own vehicle , regardless of courtesy . However , it is a general practice around the city to respect the markers of others . In 1994 , Police in Dormont , a suburb of Pittsburgh , confiscated the markers from 200 spaces due to excessive complaints . Pittsburgh retailers sell novelty `` Official Parking Chairs . ''
In Boston , the law prohibits residents from saving the spaces they clear for longer than 48 hours from the moment a snow emergency is declared to be over . However , they are outright banned in certain neighborhoods of the city , such as the South End .
In Aldan , Pennsylvania , the police chief confiscated all markers that were placed following the blizzards of 2010 . They stated that they were enforcing a local ordinance in doing so .
Though traditionally tolerated , the `` dibs '' practice is not legal in Chicago , where the Police Department has reported notable incident rates involving saved parking spaces . On March 2 , 2021 , the Chicago Department of Streets and Sanitation ( DSS ) began removing `` Dibs '' objects along with household trash .
Criticism
Most dense residential urban streets have fewer parking spaces than residents owning vehicles . Despite this , it is rare that all residents require a parking space at the same time . When residents use parking chairs or other markers to claim spaces , they effectively reduce the parking available to everyone , by removing the efficiency that first-come , first-served public parking normally provides . Furthermore , guest and work vehicles are discouraged from using available spaces when needed out of fear of retribution . Many citizens cite that despite the existing law prohibiting space savers ' use after 48 hours after a declared snow emergency , residents still use them without penalty . This means that public property is being illegally claimed by an individual for their own private use .
Disorderly behavior
Even in cities where parking chairs are generally tolerated , such as Pittsburgh , local police make it clear that public street parking can not legally be reserved . Citizens are explicitly discouraged from using objects to block parking spaces . Because parking chairs are considered abandoned furniture , they may be removed at any time . It is common for municipalities to forcibly remove the offending objects from time to time .
See also
Snow emergency
Snow removal
References
External links
Gallery of Pittsburgh Parking Chairs
Pittsburgh Dad on the Parking Chair
2010 Pittsburgh Post-Gazette article on the Parking Chair
Boston 's Space-Saving Tradition Explained
Chicago Tribune 's article `` The Best of Dibs in Chicago ''
Culture of Pittsburgh
Chairs
Inclement weather management
Parking
Parking law
Street furniture
Snow in the United States
Dermanak or Darmank or Dormonak ( ) may refer to :
Dermanak , Markazi
Dermanak , Sistan and Baluchestan
Raymond Parker ( 1922-1990 ) was an Abstract expressionist painter who also is associated with Color Field painting and Lyrical Abstraction . Ray Parker was an influential art teacher and an important Color Field painter and an instrumental figure in the movement coined by Clement Greenberg called Post-Painterly Abstraction .
Biography
Originally from South Dakota , Ray Parker entered the University of Iowa in Iowa City in 1940 ; they earned their MFA in 1948 . From 1948 to 1951 they taught painting at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis . During the 1940s their paintings were heavily influenced by cubism . In the early 1950s , however , Parker became associated with the leading abstract expressionists of the day , including Mark Rothko and Willem de Kooning . Parker soon began to simplify and refine their works realizing that through abstraction , and color their paintings could convey and express emotion .
Like Piet Mondrian , Stuart Davis and Jackson Pollock , Parker was a fan of jazz music ; and their interest in Jazz , combined with their interest in abstract expressionism , led to their improvised painting style . Parker was also a great admirer of the painter Henri Matisse and they looked to this artist 's work for inspiration in terms of color and form , especially in their paintings of the 1970s and 1980s . By the late 1950s , they taught at Hunter College in New York City and they developed a singular style of painting that focused on intense color and simple geometric shapes . They were represented by the Samuel M. Kootz Gallery , one of the leading contemporary galleries in New York City during the late 1950s through the mid-1960s . At that time the Kootz Gallery represented important living artists such as Pablo Picasso , Pierre Soulages , Hans Hofmann , Zao Wou Ki as well as Ray Parker .
They are best known by their work of the late 1950s early 1960s called their Simple Paintings . These paintings are characterized by discreet cloudlike forms of clear , and intense color set against a white or an off-white background . Parker 's paintings utilizing this method of stacked , clearly colored lozenges and floating forms are straightforward and basically geometric in shape . Ray Parker 's works relate to and predict the minimalist and Color Field paintings of the 1960s , made popular by American artists such as Morris Louis , Friedel Dzubas , Jules Olitski , Kenneth Noland , Helen Frankenthaler , and Ellsworth Kelly .
Selected public collections
Albright–Knox Art Gallery , Buffalo , NY
Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller Empire State Plaza Art Collection , Albany , NY
The Hyde Collection , Glens Falls , NY
Los Angeles County Museum of Art , Los Angeles , CA
Phillips Collection , Washington , DC
Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum , New York , NY
Whitney Museum of American Art , New York , NY
See also
Post-Painterly Abstraction
Abstract expressionism
Lyrical Abstraction
Color Field painting
References
External links
Raymond Parker on artnet , retrieved July 21 , 2008
Raymond Parker at Washburn Gallery artnet , retrieved July 21 , 2008
1922 births
1990 deaths
20th-century American painters
American male painters
American contemporary painters
University of Iowa alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
20th-century American male artists
Victory is the fourth studio album by American disc jockey and record producer DJ Khaled . It was released on March 2 , 2010 , under their We the Best Music Group and Terror Squad Entertainment imprint of E1 Records .
Singles
The album 's lead single , `` Fed Up '' featuring Usher , Young Jeezy , Rick Ross and Drake , was released on October 28 , 2009 . This song peaked at number 45 on the US Billboard Hot R & B/Hip Hop songs . The album version features an extra verse from rapper Lil Wayne . On December 3 , 2009 , the music video was released for `` Fed Up '' featuring Usher , Young Jeezy , Rick Ross and Drake .
The album 's second single , `` Put Your Hands Up '' featuring Schife , Young Jeezy , Rick Ross and Plies , was released on February 8 , 2010 . On March 2 , 2010 , the music video was released for `` Put Your Hands Up '' featuring Schife , Young Jeezy , Rick Ross and Plies . Plies was not featured in the music video , and their part in the song skips over to Rick Ross .
The album 's third single , `` All I Do Is Win '' featuring T-Pain , Ludacris , Rick Ross and Snoop Dogg , was released on February 8 , 2010 . The song peaked at number 24 on the US Billboard Hot 100 , in which it became their most successful single at the time . On March 2 , 2010 , the music video was released for `` All I Do Is Win '' featuring T-Pain , Ludacris , Rick Ross and Snoop Dogg . On June 28 , 2010 , the music video was released for the `` All I Do Is Win '' ( Remix ) featuring T-Pain , Diddy , Nicki Minaj , Busta Rhymes , Rick Ross , Fabolous , Jadakiss , Fat Joe and Swizz Beatz .
Upon its release , `` On My Way '' featuring Kevin Cossom , Bali , Ace Hood , BallGreezy , Iceberg , Rum , Desloc , Triple C 's member Gunplay , and Young Cash , also charted at number 16 on the US Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart .
Reception
Critical reception
The album received mixed reviews . David Jeffries of AllMusic called the album a `` fist-pumping song cycle of triumph in the hood '' . They called the five-star lineup of T-Pain , Ludacris , Snoop Dogg , and Rick Ross on `` All I Do Is Win '' the gold medal track , with the Young Jeezy showcase `` Put Your Hands Up '' winning the silver . They stated Bun B 's help on the song `` Rockin ' All My Chains On '' helps score the bronze , giving the track a slight edge over the hood reggae number `` Killing Me , '' which partners Busta Rhymes with Jamaican stars Buju Banton and Bounty Killer . Through intros and shout-outs , Khaled puts more of themselves into this personal , story-telling album , and while this supposedly troubled effort seems complete and sound , for the most part . They disliked the closing song `` Rep My City '' saying that it `` is the least satisfying number and is best thought of as a bonus track '' . In conclusion they said `` ( the album ) is as satisfying as their other mega-star-studded albums , with the added benefit of being more cohesive and significantly more purposeful .
Edwin Ortiz of HipHopDX praised the single `` Fed Up '' with an all-star lineup and a catchy hook by Usher . But said the song `` On My Way '' got a bit tiring with eight different artists on the track . They also disliked the songs `` Bring the Money Out '' and `` Rockin ' All My Chains On '' . Talking about `` Rockin ' All My Chains On '' they stated that it 's almost downright unfair to put Birdman and Soulja Boy on the same song as Bun B . They applauded Nas ' performance in `` Victory '' . In conclusion they said that `` We may look back on DJ Khaled 's legacy in Hip Hop and see some shining moments . However , Victory as a whole product will certainly not be one of them . ''
Commercial performance
The album debuted at number 14 on the US Billboard 200 , number 5 on the US Top R & B/Hip-Hop Albums , and number 2 on the US Top Rap Albums charts . Behind Lil Wayne 's Rebirth ( 2010 ) , it sold 28,000 copies in its first week .
Track listing
Notes
signifies a co-producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2010 albums
DJ Khaled albums
E1 Music albums
Albums produced by the Runners
Albums produced by Drumma Boy
Albums produced by the Inkredibles
General Sir Robert Cyril Ford ( 29 December 1923 – 24 November 2015 ) was a British Army general who was Adjutant-General to the Forces . The Bloody Sunday shootings occurred during their tenure as Commander Land Forces , Northern Ireland .
Early career
Born in Devon to John and Gladys Ford , Robert Ford was educated at Musgrave 's College and received an emergency commission in the Royal Armoured Corps in 1943 . They served in North West Europe during World War II and was mentioned in despatches . They were appointed to a permanent commission with the substantive rank of lieutenant on 29 June 1946 . They were appointed a lieutenant in the 4th/7th Royal Dragoon Guards on 1 February 1947 and was deployed to Palestine during the Palestine Emergency the same year , where as a temporary captain they were again mentioned in despatches in 1948 . They were promoted to captain on 29 December 1950 and to major on 29 December 1957 .
Ford was brevetted to lieutenant-colonel on 1 July 1962 and promoted to substantive lieutenant-colonel on 4 February 1966 . They became Commanding Officer of 4th/7th Royal Dragoon Guards the same year . Skipping one rank , they were promoted to brigadier on 31 December 1967 and appointed Commander of 7th Armoured Brigade in 1968 .
Northern Ireland and Bloody Sunday
On 29 July 1971 , at the height of the Troubles , Brigadier Ford was appointed Commander Land Forces , Northern Ireland , with the acting rank of major-general , and was promoted to the substantive rank on 29 August . They were criticised in the Saville Report into the Bloody Sunday massacre in Derry for deploying soldiers to arrest rioters : `` In our view their decision to use 1 Para as the arrest force is open to criticism but they did not know their decision would result in soldiers firing unjustifiably . ''
In the secret memo to their superior , dated 7 January 1972 , Ford said they were `` coming to the conclusion that the minimum force necessary to achieve a restoration of law and order is to shoot selected ringleaders amongst the DYH ( Derry Young Hooligans ) , after clear warnings have been issued '' . In the event , seven of the innocent victims of Bloody Sunday were indeed Derry teenagers . At the Bloody Sunday inquiry they claimed not to remember having written the memo . Ford relinquished their command on 9 April 1973 .
Later career
In 1973 , Ford became Commandant of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst , and in 1976 they were appointed Military Secretary . They were Adjutant General from 1978 to 1981 when they retired from the British Army .
They were ADC General to the Queen from 1980 to 1981 .
They were awarded the CB in 1973 , the KCB in 1977 and the GCB in 1981 . They were also awarded the MBE in 1958 and the CBE in 1971 .
Retirement
In retirement they were Chairman of the Army Benevolent Fund from 1981 to 1987 . They were also Governor of the Royal Hospital Chelsea from 1981 to 1987 . They served as Vice-Chairman of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission from 1989 to 1993 . They died on 24 November 2015 .
Family
In 1949 , Ford married Jean Claudia Pendlebury ( died 2002 ) and they had a son . They married Caroline Margaret Peerless ( née Leather ) in 2003 .
References
External links
British Army Officers 1939−1945
|-
|-
|-
|-
1923 births
2015 deaths
4th/7th Royal Dragoon Guards officers
British Army generals
British military personnel of the Palestine Emergency
British military personnel of The Troubles ( Northern Ireland )
British Army personnel of World War II
Commandants of Sandhurst
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Graduates of the Royal Military College , Sandhurst
Graduates of the Staff College , Camberley
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
People from South Hams ( district )
Military personnel from Devon
Royal Armoured Corps officers
Apollon Smyrnis is a Greek professional football team formed in 1891 . The club first entered the Greek Football Cup in the 1931–1932 season . The club also was a founding member of the Athens Football Clubs Association in 1924 , where they played until they qualified for the Panhellenic Championship .
Throughout its history the club 's first team has competed in various national and international competitions . All players who have played in 50 or more such matches are listed below .
Key
Players with name in bold currently play for the club .
Years are the first and last calendar years in which the player appeared in competitive first-team football for the club .
League appearances and goals comprise those in the Gamma Ethniki , Beta Ethniki and the Alpha Ethniki .
Total appearances and goals comprise those in the Gamma Ethniki , Beta Ethniki and Alpha Ethniki , Greek Football Cup , Greek Super Cup , and several now-defunct competitions .
Players with 50 or more appearances
Appearances and goals are for first-team competitive matches only . Substitute appearances are included . Statistics are correct as of 8 November 2009 .
Position key :
GK – Goalkeeper ;
DF – Defender ;
MF – Midfielder ;
FW – Forward
References
General
Greece Final Tables at RSSSF .
Specific
List
Apollon Smyrnis
Association football player non-biographical articles
This is a list of tambon ( sub-districts ) in Thailand , beginning with the letter M. This information is subject to change due to border changes or re-allocation of tambons . Missing tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the tambon has been transferred to a different amphoe ( district ) .
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
M
Rezaabad ( ) may refer to :
Alborz Province
Rezaabad , Alborz , a village in Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran
Rezaabad-e Sufian , a village in Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran
Ardabil Province
Tazeh Kand-e Rezaabad , a village in Ardabil County
Fars Province
Rezaabad , Eqlid , a village in Eqlid County
Rezaabad , Kazerun , a village in Kazerun County
Rezaabad , Naqsh-e Rostam , a village in Marvdasht County
Golestan Province
Rezaabad , Golestan , a village in Ramian County
Ilam Province
Rezaabad , Ilam , a village in Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran
Kerman Province
Rezaabad , Anar , a village in Anar County
Rezaabad , Mashiz , a village in Bardsir County
Rezaabad 1 , a village in Kahnuj County
Rezaabad , Kerman , a village in Kerman County
Rezaabad , Ekhtiarabad , a village in Kerman County
Rezaabad , Azadegan , a village in Rafsanjan County
Rezaabad , Khenaman , a village in Rafsanjan County
Rezaabad , Rudbar-e Jonubi , a village in Rudbar-e Jonubi County
Kermanshah Province
Khuzestan Province
Rezaabad , Khuzestan , a village in Masjed Soleyman County
Kurdistan Province
Rezaabad , Kurdistan , a village in Bijar County
Lorestan Province
Rezaabad , Borujerd , a village in the Central District of Borujerd County
Rezaabad , Oshtorinan , a village in Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County
Rezaabad , Delfan , a village in Delfan County
Rezaabad , Khorramabad , a village in Khorramabad County
Rezaabad , Doab , a village in Selseleh County
Rezaabad , Yusefvand , a village in Selseleh County
Rezaabad-e Mian Volan , a village in Selseleh County
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys , a village in Delfan County
Markazi Province
Rezaabad , Khomeyn , a village in Khomeyn County
Rezaabad , Saveh , a village in Saveh County
Rezaabad , Shazand , a village in Shazand County
Mazandaran Province
Rezaabad , Mazandaran , a village in Savadkuh County
North Khorasan Province
Rezaabad , Howmeh , a village in Shirvan County
Rezaabad , Ziarat , a village in Shirvan County
Razavi Khorasan Province
Rezaabad-e Sarhang , a village in Chenaran County
Rezaabad-e Taheri , a village in Chenaran County
Rezaabad-e Gijan Samedi , a village in Chenaran County
Rezaabad-e Sharqi , a village in Quchan County
Rezaabad , Razavi Khorasan , a village in Torbat-e Jam County
Semnan Province
Rezaabad , Semnan , a village in Shahrud County
Tehran Province
Yazd Province
Rezaabad , Khatam , a village in Khatam County
Rezaabad , Mehriz , a village in Mehriz County
Zanjan Province
Rezaabad , Zanjan , a village in Zanjan County
See also
Raziabad ( disambiguation )
Rizaabad ( disambiguation )
`` Out of the Darkness , Into the Fire '' is the first episode of the paranormal drama television series Supernaturals season 11 , and the 219th overall . The episode was written by showrunner Jeremy Carver and directed by executive producer Robert Singer . It was first broadcast on October 7 , 2015 on The CW . In the episode , Sam and Dean have to deal with the consequence of having freed The Darkness into the world while Crowley recovers after Castiel 's attack . With this episode , Supernatural became the longest-running science fiction TV show in North America , surpassing Smallville .
The episode received critical acclaim , with critics praising the tone for the season and the new threat as well as the character development .
Plot
The season picks up exactly where it left off ; Dean ( Jensen Ackles ) finds themselves surrounded by the black smoke and finds a mysterious woman ( Emily Swallow ) , revealed to be The Darkness . They tell them that she 's finally free , even going far as to say they did n't even know what The Death was and that they will always help each other as they 're bound together . Sam ( Jared Padalecki ) wakes up in the Impala , where the black smoke is gone . They look for Dean and finally discovers them in a field .
They soon drive to a highway where they discover dead police and medical officers . They are attacked by a medical officer , who 's gunned down by a sheriff 's deputy named Jenna Nickerson ( Laci J. Mailey ) . They state that people began attacking each other like rabid dogs , revealing to have black veins in their necks . As they are injured , they take them to the hospital , where the administrators are also dead . Sam discovers an infected man trying to kill a person in a closet . The infected man dies and the man , is holding a newborn baby they just received when their wife died .
Meanwhile , Crowley ( Mark A. Sheppard ) evades Castiel 's ( Misha Collins ) attack by leaving their vessel . Castiel is also feeling guilty about their actions and is being attacked by a family of hunters where they stood the past hours . Crowley takes on a female vessel . Crowley later retains their true vessel and is notified by their employees that The Darkness has been unleashed and that everyone on Hell heard a warning coming from Lucifer 's Cage . That night , Castiel prays for help as police officers are cornering him . Two angels arrive to take Castiel for custody but they instead kidnap them for torture .
The infected man , Mike ( Aaron Hill ) , states that he 's infected too , but Dean speaks in private with Sam and Jenna to kill Mike before they morph and kills them . When more infected people arrive , Sam decides to stay in the hospital to distract them while Dean and Jenna leave with the baby at Mike 's request , also calling the baby Amara . Sam manages to attack the infected people but discovers he 's infected too . Dean and Jenna stop in a shop , and while Jenna changes Amara 's diaper , it 's revealed the baby is carrying the Mark of Cain , revealing that the baby is The Darkness .
Reception
Viewers
The episode was watched by 1.94 million viewers with a 0.9/3 share among adults aged 18 to 49 . This was a 12 % increase in viewership from the previous episode , which was watched by 1.73 million viewers ; but was a 23 % decrease in viewership from the previous season premiere , which was watched by 2.50 million viewers . This means that 0.9 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode , while 3 percent of all households watching television at that time watched it . Supernatural ranked as the second most watched program on The CW in the day , behind Arrow .
Critical reviews
`` Out of the Darkness , Into the Fire '' received universal acclaim . Amy Ratcliffe of IGN gave the episode a `` great '' 8.4 out of 10 and wrote in their verdict , `` The stakes seem to get bigger with every season of Supernatural , and they 've effectively raised them with The Darkness . The Winchesters need to get back to their core mission of saving people , and this is already set up as the big bad that could unite them – but they ruined some of what they set up by having Sam hide something from Dean . The episode did n't pack quite the punch it could have , but it did a fine job of setting the stage and showing us that the Winchesters might be going back to their roots . ''
Hunter Bishop of TV Overmind , wrote , `` The brothers have to change , and they have to change now . I suspect they 'll defeat The Darkness , or at least corral it ; they are , after all , the closest things to real superheroes as you 'll ever find . But if they are faced with the choice of living a life without the other , and letting the world burn , they have to choose the former . For the show 's sake , for the people on it , and for the audience that has devoted 11 years to it , the Winchesters have to change . Or else all these bodies , and all this blood , and all of those broken homes mean nothing . Let 's hope Sam and Dean learn that sooner rather than later , and end the story as the heroes , instead of the ones who destroyed everything . ''
Samantha Highfill of EW stated : `` Welcome back , everyone ! Yes , I 'm welcoming you back to a world that 's covered in literal darkness and where Sam has once again found a way to put their lives in danger — but still , feels kind of good , right ? Overall , this hour reminded me a lot of the apocalypse days , or even the Croatoan virus — the deserted town , the infected individuals , the general sense of death and destruction . So let 's break down what happened this week , or as I like to call it : The Winchester Boys and the Case of the Mysterious Darkness . ''
Sean McKenna from TV Fanatic , gave a 4.4-star rating out of 5 , stating : `` Overall , this was an engaging episode that did a good job of focusing on the brothers and setting up what feels like a compelling new direction with the Darkness . I know it 's early , and Supernatural usually does premiere well , but I ca n't help but be excited to get back on the road with Sam and Dean . ''
MaryAnn Sleasman of TV.com wrote , `` I 'm so happy , you guys . Hellatus was long and cold and sad . It was fraught with worry and doubt—what if Supernatural returned and it was terrible ? Do n't lie , you know it to be true . The utter disappointment that was 'Exile on Main Street ' still stings when I think about it . The Js and the writers and Jeremy Carver themselves have been saying all summer long that Season 11 will herald a return to basics for Dean and Sam . I was n't sure how to take this news initially . After all , the Winchesters have evolved too far to simply go back to the good old days of prank wars and credit card fraud . ''
References
External links
Supernatural ( season 11 ) episodes
2015 American television episodes
Dioscorea chimborazensis is a type of yam in the family Dioscoreaceae . It is endemic to Ecuador .
References
chimobrazensis
Better Late Than Never is a 1983 British comedy film directed by Bryan Forbes and starring David Niven , Art Carney and Maggie Smith . The soundtrack features songs by Henry Mancini and Noël Coward .
Plot
Nick ( Niven ) is the supposed grandfather of 10-year-old Bridget ( Partridge ) , who stands to inherit a sizeable fortune . Charley ( Carney ) shows up and claims that they are the genuine grandpa . Both men once slept with Bridget 's grandmother , and they were never certain which of the two produced their child . Neither Nick nor Charley are good prospects , so Bridget must choose from the lesser of two evils .
Principal cast
Production
Forbes originally offered Carney 's role to William Holden who declined because the fee offered was too small . Forbes wrote in 1992 that if Holden had made the film they `` might have been alive today . ''
References
External links
1982 films
Films shot in France
Warner Bros. films
1983 comedy films
1983 films
Films directed by Bryan Forbes
Films scored by Henry Mancini
1982 comedy films
1980s English-language films
USS Ferret may refer to the following ships of the United States Navy :
was a brig commissioned in 1809 ; changed names to Viper in 1810 and served until captured in 1813 .
was a schooner commissioned in 1812 serving until they grounded and broke up in 1814 .
was a schooner purchased in 1822 that suppressed piracy in the Caribbean until 1825 when they capsized in a gale .
United States Navy ship names
Escanaba Area Public Schools ( EAPS ) is the only public school district in Escanaba , Michigan . The district operates three elementary schools , one virtual learning center , and one combined junior high/senior high school . EAPS serves approximately 2,200 total students and employs 115 teachers , for a student-teacher ratio of 19:1 .
History
The first public schoolhouse in Escanaba was unveiled in 1867 , at the site of what became the city 's first public library in 1903 . The Carnegie Public Library of Escanaba was relocated to a new building in 1995 and the original library was sold to private owners soon after . A small monument to the original schoolhouse was erected in 1934 and still stands on the property .
During the Great Depression , the school district sponsored a two-year `` Freshman College '' in response to graduating from high school student 's difficulty in finding and financing higher education . The Escanaba Community College operated for a few years before closing , until local benefactor Catherine Bonifas designated $ 100,000 of their estate to the construction of a new post-secondary education facility in the city in 1948 . The school district spent a decade hiring lecturers and consultants from the University of Michigan , Michigan State University , and the Michigan State Department of Public Instruction to explain the role and importance of a community college to Escanaba residents . EAPS voted to pass the responsibility of the college to Delta County in the early 1960s , as the consolidation of local K-12 districts and new construction were at the top of their priority list , with many believing the community college should be operated by all of the school districts in the county . Bay de Noc Community College 's first classes were held in the old Escanaba High School building in the fall of 1963 , with the first classes at their current Lincoln Road location offered in the fall of 1969 .
In 2022 , the former Washington Elementary School was demolished and replaced with a green space for recess , a bus lane , and a parking lot . The school building had been empty since 1998 , with the demolition providing more space for the children that currently attend Escanaba Upper Elementary .
Building names
Lemmer Elementary School is named for former Escanaba Area Public Schools superintendent and strong advocate for the formation of a local community college , John Lemmer . The new Lemmer building began offering classes to students in 1954 , with a new addition built in 1967 . Webster Kindergarten Center is the latest in a long line of Escanaba school buildings named for Delta County-native Webster Marble , famous early inventor of outdoor recreation equipment and gun sites , and founder of nearby business Marble Arms . The first Webster Elementary building was in operation from 1911 until 1991 , when it was demolished and a new Webster Elementary School was built in its place . In 2018 , the city of Escanaba voted to convert the school to exclusively house classrooms for pre-kindergarten and kindergarten students , and the building was renamed the Webster Kindergarten Center .
Schools
Demographics
Of the 2,200 K-12 students enrolled in the Escanaba Area Public School district as of 2021 , 89 % were white , 5 % were Native American , 3 % were two or more races , 2 % were Hispanic/Latino , and less than 1 % of students were African American , Asian , or Native Hawaiian . 1,200 students ( 58 % ) come from households that are considered economically disadvantaged . The median income of households in the area was $ 42,480 as of 2019 .
Curriculums
The Upper Elementary School provides students in 3rd-5th grades with courses in mathematics , science , social studies , health and physical education , art , music , language arts , economics , and technology . Escanaba Jr./Sr . High follows the Michigan Merit Curriculum and offers dozens of electives to supplement a student 's education . Escanaba High School offers Advanced Placement courses in English , computer science , biology , chemistry , calculus , and statistics . Additionally , the school coordinates with Northern Michigan University and Bay de Noc Community College to provide high school students with access to college courses for credit via a dual enrollment model . Electives available to junior/senior high students include chorale and chorus , marching band , orchestra , band , art , and physical education courses .
Escanaba Middle College is a 5-year hybrid high school/college program jointly sponsored by Bay de Noc Community College and Escanaba High School . The program allows students to receive both a high school diploma and either an associate 's degree , industrial certification , or 60 transferable-credits at the end of their 5 years in the program .
The Escanaba Student Success Center offers a supervised virtual learning enviornment to 8th-12th grade students in Delta County who , for whatever reason , are at-risk of dropping out of high school before receiving a diploma .
Notable alumni/faculty
Kevin Tapani , Major League Baseball player ( 1989-2001 )
Tom Casperson , Michigan State Senator ( 2011-2018 )
Chauncey W. Yockey , attorney and early Milwaukee leader
Nanette Hanson , Michigan Teacher of the Year ( 2022-23 )
Recognition
The State of Michigan named an Escanaba Area Public Schools teacher Michigan 's Teacher of The Year for 2022-23 . Nannette Hanson is a 1st-grade teacher at Lemmer Elementary School who now represents more than 86,000 Michigan-based public school teachers at monthly state school board meetings and other state education functions . In addition , they are Michigan 's 2023 entry for the prestigious 2023 National Teacher of The Year award .
References
School districts in Michigan
School districts established in 1867
Education in Delta County , Michigan
Meryl Davis ( born January 1 , 1987 ) is a former competitive American ice dancer . With partner Charlie White , they are the 2014 Olympic champion , the 2010 Olympic silver medalist , a two-time ( 2011 , 2013 ) World champion , five-time Grand Prix Final champion ( 2009–2013 ) , three-time Four Continents champion ( 2009 , 2011 , 2013 ) and six-time U.S. national champion ( 2009–2014 ) . They also won a bronze medal in the team event at the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Davis and White teamed up in 1997 and they are currently the longest lasting dance team in the United States . They are the first American ice dancers to win the World title , as well as the first Americans to win the Olympic title . At the 2006 NHK Trophy , they became the first ice dancing team to earn level fours on all their elements .
In 2014 , Davis won the eighteenth season of Dancing with the Stars with partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy .
Personal life
Meryl Davis was born in Royal Oak , Michigan and raised in West Bloomfield Township , Michigan , the daughter of Cheryl and Paul D. Davis . They have one younger brother , Clayton . They are of English , Irish , Scottish and German descent . Them paternal grandmother was born in Regina , Saskatchewan . Davis has difficulty seeing out of their right eye and lacks depth perception . They were diagnosed with dyslexia in the third grade and they struggled with reading until the 11th grade . In June 2005 , Davis graduated from Wylie E. Groves High School .
Davis previously lived in Birmingham , Michigan . They attended the University of Michigan , where they majored in cultural anthropology and also studied Italian . They were an active member of the sorority Delta Delta Delta and plays the flute . Davis joined UNICEF Kid Power as a brand ambassador in March 2016 .
On July 13 , 2017 , Davis became engaged to former figure skater Fedor Andreev , whom they had been dating for over six years . They married in Provence , France , in June 2019 .
Career
Early career
They began skating at age five on a local lake in the winter . Due to their vision problems , Davis often hugged the boards when they first started skating . They started out as a single skater , but began doing ice dance at age eight . They got as high as Midwestern sectionals in novice ladies before quitting singles to focus on ice dancing .
They were teamed up with Charlie White by their coach , Seth Chafetz , in 1997 . In 2009 , Davis said : `` Charlie and I grew up 10 minutes apart from each other . Our parents are best friends . We 've grown together and know each other so well . ''
In their first season together , Davis/White won the silver medal at the Junior Olympics in the Juvenile division . In 1999–00 , they won gold at the Junior Olympics on the intermediate level . In the 2000–01 season , they qualified for the 2001 U.S. Championships , placing 6th as Novices . In 2001–02 , they won the silver medal as novices and then moved up to the junior level . In the 2002–03 season , they did not win a medal at either of their two Junior Grand Prix assignments and placed 7th at the 2003 U.S. Championships in their junior debut .
Junior career
In the 2003–2004 season , Davis/White won their sectional championship and then won the junior silver medal at Nationals . This earned them a trip to the 2004 Junior Worlds , where they placed 13th .
In the 2004–2005 season , Davis/White won two bronze medals on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series . However , White broke their ankle before Sectionals and so Davis/White were unable to qualify for the 2005 U.S. Championships . Their season ended there .
In the 2005–2006 season , Davis/White medaled at both their Junior Grand Prix events and placed second at the Junior Grand Prix Final . They won the junior national title at the 2006 U.S. Championships and then won the bronze medal at the 2006 Junior Worlds . Following that season , Davis aged out of Juniors . They lost some training time after White broke their ankle at a hockey tournament in 2006 .
Senior career
Post-competitive career
Davis and White continue to perform together in ice shows . On February 23 , 2017 , they confirmed that they would not return to competition .
Programs
Competitive highlights
( with White )
Detailed results
( with White )
Dancing with the Stars
On March 4 , 2014 , Davis was announced as one of the contestants on the 18th season of Dancing with the Stars paired with professional dancer Maksim Chmerkovskiy . They competed against their skating partner , Charlie White , who was also cast to take part on the 18th season of the show .
On May 20 , 2014 , Davis and Chmerkovskiy were declared the season 's champions . Davis currently has the highest celebrity average of 28.4 out of all the seasons based on the 30 point system and once tied with actores Jennifer Grey and Rumer Willis for the record of the most perfect scores rewarded , with 6 ( which is now held by Jordan Fisher with 9 ) .
Dancing with the Stars performances
1Score given by guest judge Robin Roberts .
2For this week only , as part of the `` Partner Switch-Up '' week , Davis did not perform with Maksim Chmerkovskiy , and instead performed with Valentin Chmerkovskiy .
3Score given by guest judge Julianne Hough .
4 Score given by guest judge Donny Osmond .
5 Score given by guest judge Redfoo .
6 Score given by guest judge Ricky Martin .
7 Score given by guest judge Abby Lee Miller .
8 Score given by guest judge Kenny Ortega .
References
External links
Meryl Davis / Charlie White at IceNetwork
- 1998 Juvenile silver medalists
1987 births
Living people
American female ice dancers
American people of Canadian descent
American people of English descent
American people of German descent
American people of Irish descent
American people of Scottish descent
Dancing with the Stars ( American TV series ) winners
Figure skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Four Continents Figure Skating Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in figure skating
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in figure skating
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in figure skating
Season-end world number one figure skaters
Season 's world number one figure skaters
Sportspeople from Royal Oak , Michigan
University of Michigan College of Literature , Science , and the Arts alumni
World Figure Skating Championships medalists
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
People from West Bloomfield , Michigan
21st-century American women
A sump buster is a device installed within a bus route to limit that thoroughfare to buses . It discourages traffic from entering a lane by promising to destroy the oil pan of any vehicle with insufficient ground clearance to get over it , making them similar in use ( but not design ) to rising bollards . A sump buster can also be known as a `` sump breaker '' or `` sump trap '' . Sump busters were first used in the 1980s .
Function
The sump buster uses a non-mechanical solid mass of concrete , or sometimes other aggregates or metal , to demobilise a vehicle when access to a restricted area is attempted . When a vehicle attempts to traverse the sump buster , the device will demolish the vehicle 's oil pan ( literally `` busting the sump '' ) . The track and ground clearance on permitted vehicles , usually buses , is such that they may clear the device with ease . In some cases , advisory or mandatory speed limits are given .
Impact on the community
A major purpose of the sump buster is to avoid road systems to be used as rat runs and , to a certain extent , joyriding . For this reason , devices have been vandalised ( either through annoyance at their existence or to attempt to gain passage ) , resulting in accidents ( and injuries ) to legitimate road users .
In January 2005 , Devon County Council dismissed an application by the Stagecoach Group for the installation of a sump buster on Tan Lane ( a restricted access road ) in Exeter . The Exeter Highways and Traffic Orders Committee stated that `` ... [ using a sump buster ] is not an option that the County Council could support [ as ] it would not differentiate between high clearance vehicles and for example cars and vans that are authorised to use the link under the current Traffic Regulation Order '' .
Sump busters have led to serious injuries to scooter drivers and cyclists who fail to notice them . Municipalities in the Netherlands have been sued for tort after damage or injuries caused by insufficiently marked sump busters .
See also
Bus trap
References
Road infrastructure
Transportation planning
Road transport
Road hazards
Fathabad ( , also Romanized as Fatḩābād ) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ray County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 404 , in 111 families .
References
Populated places in Ray County , Iran
Muara Dua is a district in Lhokseumawe , Aceh , Indonesia .
Administrative divisions
list the name of the village ( Gampong ) is in Districts of Muara Dua
Gampong Alue Awe ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Blang Crum ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Blang Pohroh ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Cot Girek Kandang ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Cut Mamplam ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Keude Cunda ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Lhok Mon Puteh ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Meunasah Alue ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Meunasah Blang ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Meunasah Manyang ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Meunasah Mee ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Meunasah Mesjid ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Paloh Batee ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Panggoi ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Paya Bili ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Paya Punteut ( Punteuet ) ( postcode : 24352 )
Gampong Uteun Kot ( postcode : 24352 )
References
Lhokseumawe
Populated places in Aceh
districts of Lhokseumawe
The Guadalcanal scaly-toed gecko ( Lepidodactylus shebae ) is a species of gecko . It is endemic to Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands .
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1949
Endemic fauna of the Solomon Islands
Reptiles of the Solomon Islands
Taxa named by Vasco M. Tanner
The Evansville Western Railway is a Class III common carrier shortline railroad operating in the southern Illinois and Indiana region . It is one of three regional railroad subsidiaries owned and operated by P & L Transportation .
Overview
Founded in August 2005 , the railroad commenced its first operations on January 1 , 2006 , when P & L Transportation , formerly Four Rivers Transportation , the parent company of both the Evansville Western and Paducah & Louisville railroads , leased of mainline track , ties and track equipment between CSX 's Howell Yard in Evansville , Indiana , and the end-of-track at Okawville , Illinois , from CSX Transportation . This line was once part of the Louisville & Nashville 's former Saint Louis Subdivision route that previously terminated in the metro-area of East St. Louis , Illinois , before being embargoed and slightly shortened under CSX ownership during the fall of 1993 . CSX Transportation retains title to the real estate comprising the right of way on which the railroad operates , but has leased it to EVWR for an initial period of 20 years .
More than 55,000 to 60,000 carloads per year are shipped on the Evansville Western railway , all of which are interchanged with three different Class I railroad carriers . These are CSX Transportation at Howell Yard in Evansville , BNSF Railway at the Woodlawn , junction , and the Union Pacific at Mount Vernon . Construction has been completed on a new connection line east of Mount Vernon that permits interchange with the Norfolk Southern Railway , a fourth Class I railroad .
A new railroad line , known as the `` Savatran Rail Spur '' , has been completed from Delafield ( near McLeansboro ) through Macedonia before terminating with a loading loop north of the Akin Junction on CN 's existing Edgewood Cutoff line , thus giving the Evansville Western railroad interchange access to the Canadian National . Construction on this new line commenced during March 2009 and was originally scheduled to conclude by the following December . When the new spur connector was finished in January 2011 it allowed commodities traffic via connection with the CN and it began serving the new Sugar Camp Energy coal mine north of Akin that was developed by Williamson Energy Development , a subsidiary of West Virginia-based Cline Group , on reserves leased from Natural Resource Partners , L.P .
Additionally , EVWR constructed an interconnection line approximately in length just east of Mount Vernon that enabled interchange with the Norfolk Southern Railway ( NS ) . The new line runs north from the EVWR mainline ( about east of Liebengood Road ) and connects with the NS across from and just southwest of the Mount Vernon Airport . EVWR also expanded its siding northwest of Opdyke to a total length of approximately from Interstate 64 to near the new connection allowing direct delivery of unit coal trains from the Sugar Camp Mine near Akin to the Gibson Generating Station in Indiana across the Wabash River from Mount Carmel , Illinois .
Most of the railroad 's revenue freight services come from rail-barge transfer facilities , merchandise freight from bulk terminals , unit coal trains from coal mines and a riverside coal terminal , and grain and agricultural products from numerous grain elevator shippers .
Equipment
The Evansville Western Railway 's locomotive fleet primarily consists of rebuilt EMD hood units purchased from other railroads . They are all painted to match its parent company P & L Transportation 's traditional green , white , & black color scheme with the classic diamond herald . In addition to the company-owned roster , the railroad is also leasing a few more units from GATX Corporation .
Company power
Leased power
References
External links
Evansville Western Railway – official website
Evansville Western Railroad Inc Photographic Roster Railroad Picture Archives
Illinois railroads
Indiana railroads
Rail cooperatives
Spin-offs of CSX Transportation
Companies operating former Louisville and Nashville Railroad lines
Companies operating former Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railroad lines
Railway companies established in 2005
Charles Sidney Leary ( March 4 , 1883 – 1950 ) was an English-born lumberman and political figure in British Columbia . They represented Kaslo-Slocan in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1924 to 1928 and from 1933 to 1945 as a Liberal .
They were born on March 4 , 1883 in England . In 1922 , they married Bessie Florence Jordan . They had three daughters : Mary Eileen , Sheila Florence , and Sydney . They operated a sawmill at Nakusp . Leary served as a captain during World War I . From 1917 to 1918 , they were involved in timber operations in Cyprus . During that time , they acquired antiquities from Egypt and Cyprus , which were later donated to the Museum of Anthropology at the University of British Columbia . Leary was defeated by James Fitzsimmons when they ran for reelection in 1928 ; they defeated Fitzsimmons in the 1933 general election . Leary was defeated when they ran for reelection in 1945 as a member of the Liberal-Conservative coalition . They served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Public Works from 1939 to 1941 . They died of a heart attack in 1950 while vacationing in Manatee , Florida .
Mount Leary was named in their honour .
References
External links
1889 births
1950 deaths
British Columbia Liberal Party MLAs
Julien Fontanes , magistrat is a French police television series . It has been distributed since 1980 on TF1 ( France ) , the show remains active as of 1989 .
Plot
This series features Julien Fontanes , judge by the Ministry of Justice to review the files clemency .
Cast
Main characters
Jacques Morel as Judge Julien Fontanes
André Falcon as The Cardonnois
Jean-Claude Calon as Patrick
Françoise Fleury as Hélène
Recurring characters
Jacques Lalande as Taybosc
Antoinette Moya as Marthe
Jacques Alric as Robert
Jacqueline Doyen as Sophie Legros
Victor Garrivier as Commissioner Pagnoz
Jean-Claude Narcy as TV Host
Odette Laure as Mémaine
Paul Bisciglia as Albert Piot
Georges Werler as Doctor Combes
Michel Tugot-Doris as Bordier
Corinne Lahaye as Isabelle
Jean-Marie Bernicat as Brulier
Yves Arcanel as The Houen
Philippe Moreau as Blériot
Guest
Bernard Le Coq as Judge Gallie
Françoise Brion as Madame The Cardonnois
Serge Sauvion as René Leych
André Valardy as Robert
Max Doria as Ludovic
Bruno Masure as Journalist
Marie-Laure Augry as Journalist
Thierry Beccaro as Journalist
Jean-Pierre Darras as M. Carré
Jean-Michel Dupuis as Jacky Balkowiacz / Nono
Jacques Dynam as Léon Boueix
Maurice Chevit as Banyuls
Marc Chapiteau as Valério
Odile Versois as Inge Wolfrum
Gérard Darrieu as Émile Digoin
Jacques Balutin as Michel Courban
Hugues Quester as Judge Maxime Rubod
François Cluzet as Bob Mourèze
Catherine Sauvage as Clarisse Salvignat
Myriam Boyer as Norma Lagneau
Jean Martinelli as Alain Lavernat
Yves Barsacq as Louis Ferrato
Raymond Gérôme as Jean-Claude Lorentzen
Julien Bertheau as Paul Dissiedky
Sophie Renoir as Gina
Souad Amidou as Mina
Pierre Maguelon as André
Daniel Russo as Antoine Gissac
France Anglade as Liliane
Gabriel Cattand as René de Senover
Michel Creton as Jacques Fouleix
Christian Barbier as Jeff Stenay
Jacques François as Quinzac
Annick Alane as Zoutie
Ronny Coutteure as Albert
Dora Doll as Madeleine Mignot
Marie Déa as Irma Dissiesky
Michel Beaune as Bonsmoulins
Pierre Doris as René Kembs
Catherine Jacob as Dany
Paulette Dubost as Mémée Plantini
Jean Benguigui as Didier Lamiral
François Dyrek as Marcellin
Michel Berto as Fedry
Roland Blanche as Beno
Gabriel Jabbour as Vestria
Nathalie Roussel as Rose
Marion Game as Sonia
Jean-Pierre Bernard as Dany Mandina
Henry Djanik as Carbuccia
Jean Martin as The prefect
Philippe Nahon as The cop
Benoît Allemane as Jacques Nohant
Philippe Laudenbach as Father Marc Bolleret
Liliane Rovère as Rolande Gripport
Dominique Pinon
Directors
Guy Lefranc ( 6 Episodes )
François Dupont-Midi ( 4 Episodes )
Jean-Pierre Decourt , Daniel Moosmann & André Farwagi ( 2 Episodes )
Bernard Toublanc-Michel , Patrick Jamain , Jean Pignol , Serge Friedman & Michel Berny ( 1 Episode )
See also
List of French television series
External links
1980 French television series debuts
French police procedural television series
TF1 original programming
Pedro Nunes ( ; Latin : Petrus Nonius ; 1502 – 11 August 1578 ) was a Portuguese mathematician , cosmographer , and professor , from a New Christian ( of Jewish origin ) family .
Considered one of the greatest mathematicians of their time , Nunes is best known for their contributions to the nautical sciences ( navigation and cartography ) , which they approached , for the first time , in a mathematical way . They were the first to propose the idea of a loxodrome , and was the inventor of several measuring devices , including the nonius ( from which Vernier scale was derived ) , named after their Latin surname .
Life
Little is known about Nunes ' early education , life or family background , only that they were born in Alcácer do Sal , their origins are Jewish and that their grandchildren spent a few years behind bars after they were accused by the Portuguese Inquisition of professing and secretly practicing Judaism . They studied at the University of Salamanca , maybe from 1521 until 1522 , and at the University of Lisbon ( this University later become the University of Coimbra ) where they obtained a degree in medicine in 1525 . In the 16th century medicine used astrology , so they also learned astronomy and mathematics .
They continued their medical studies but held various teaching posts within the University of Lisbon , including Moral , Philosophy , Logic and Metaphysics . When , in 1537 , the Portuguese University located in Lisbon returned to Coimbra , they moved to the re-founded University of Coimbra to teach mathematics , a post they held until 1562 . This was a new post in the University of Coimbra and it was established to provide instruction in the technical requirements for navigation : clearly a topic of great importance in Portugal at this period , when the control of sea trade was the primary source of Portuguese wealth . Mathematics became an independent post in 1544 .
In addition to teaching they were appointed Royal Cosmographer in 1529 and Chief Royal Cosmographer in 1547 : a post which they held until their death .
In 1531 , King John III of Portugal charged Nunes with the education of their younger brothers Luís and Henry . Years later Nunes was also charged with the education of the king 's grandson , and future king , Sebastian .
While at the University of Coimbra , future astronomer Christopher Clavius attended Pedro Nunes ' classes , and was influenced by their works . Clavius , proponent of the Gregorian Calendar , the greatest figure of the Colégio Romano , the great center of Roman Catholic knowledge of that period , classified Nunes as “ supreme mathematical genius '' . Nunes died in Coimbra .
Work
Pedro Nunes lived in a transition period , during which science was changing from valuing theoretical knowledge ( which defined the main role of a scientist/mathematician as commenting on previous authors ) , to providing experimental data , both as a source of information and as a method of confirming theories . Nunes was , above all , one of the last great commentators , as is shown by their first published work “ Tratado da Esfera ” , enriched with comments and additions that denote a profound knowledge of the difficult cosmography of the period . They also acknowledged the value of experimentation .
In their Tratado da sphera they argued for a common and universal diffusion of knowledge . Accordingly , they not only published works in Latin , at that time science 's lingua franca , aiming for an audience of European scholars , but also in Portuguese , and Spanish ( Livro de Algebra ) .
Navigation
Much of Nunes ' work related to navigation . They were the first to understand why a ship maintaining a steady course would not travel along a great circle , the shortest path between two points on Earth , but would instead follow a spiral course , called a loxodrome . The later invention of logarithms allowed Leibniz to establish algebraic equations for the loxodrome . These lines —also called rhumb lines— maintain a fixed angle with the meridians . In other words , loxodromic curves are directly related to the construction of the Nunes connection —also called navigator connection .
In their Treaty defending the sea chart , Nunes argued that a nautical chart should have its parallels and meridians shown as straight lines . Yet they were unsure how to solve the problems that this caused : a situation that lasted until Mercator developed the projection bearing their name . The Mercator Projection is the system which is still used .
Geometry
Nunes also solved the problem of finding the day with the shortest twilight duration , for any given position , and its duration . This problem per se is not greatly important , yet it shows the geometric genius of Nunes as it was a problem which was independently tackled by Johann and Jakob Bernoulli more than a century later with less success . They could find a solution to the problem of the shortest day , but failed to determine its duration , possibly because they got lost in the details of differential calculus which , at that time , had only recently been developed . The achievement also shows that Nunes was a pioneer in solving maxima and minima problems , which became a common requirement only in the next century using differential calculus .
Cosmology
They were probably the last major mathematician to make relevant improvements to the ptolemaic system ( a geocentric model describing the relative motion of the Earth and Sun ) . However , this lost importance because Copernicus introduced their heliocentric system theory around the same time . Nunes knew Copernicus ' work but referred only briefly to it in their published works , with the purpose of correcting some mathematical errors .
Most of Nunes ' achievements were possible because of their profound understanding of spherical trigonometry and their ability to transpose Ptolemy 's adaptations of Euclidean geometry to it .
Inventions
Nunes worked on several practical nautical problems concerning course correction as well as attempting to develop more accurate devices to determine a ship 's position .
They created the nonius to improve the astrolabe 's accuracy . This consisted of a number of concentric circles traced on the astrolabe and dividing each successive one with one fewer divisions than the adjacent outer circle . Thus the outermost quadrant would comprise 90° in 90 equal divisions , the next inner would have 89 divisions , the next 88 and so on . When an angle was measured , the circle and the division on which the alidade fell was noted . A table was then consulted to provide the exact measure .
The nonius was used by Tycho Brahe , who considered it too complex . The method inspired improved systems by Christopher Clavius and Jacob Curtius . These were eventually improved further by Pierre Vernier in 1631 , which reduced the nonius to the Vernier scale that includes two scales , one of them fixed and the other movable . Vernier themselves used to say that their invention was a perfected nonius and for a long time it was known as the “ nonius ” , even in France . In some languages , the Vernier scale is still named after Nunes , for example in Swedish .
Pedro Nunes also worked on some mechanics problems , from a mathematical point of view .
Influence
Nunes was very influential internationally , e.g . on the work of John Dee and Edward Wright .
Honours
One of the best known Lisbon public Secondary/High Schools is named after Pedro Nunes , Escola Secundária de Pedro Nunes ( teaching 7th to 12th grade ) . It was founded , in 1906 , as Lyceu Central da 3ª Zona Escolar de Lisboa ( Central Liceum of the 3rd School Area of Lisbon ) . Over the years had known several designations : Lyceu Central de Pedro Nunes ( 1911–1930 ) , Liceu Normal de Lisboa ( 1930–1937 ) , Liceu Pedro Nunes ( 1937–1956 ) , Liceu Normal de Pedro Nunes ( 1956–1978 ) and Escola Secundária de Pedro Nunes ( 1978– ) , but is still popularly known as Liceu Pedro Nunes . Many well known Portuguese personalities have studied in Pedro Nunes . The current headquarters commemorated its centenary in 2011 , after being totally refurbished and modernized between 2008 and 2010 .
They were featured on 100 escudos coins .
The Instituto Pedro Nunes in Coimbra , a business incubator and a center of innovation and technology transfer founded by the University of Coimbra , is named after Pedro Nunes .
Asteroid 5313 Nunes is named after them
TAP Portugal Airlines has named an Airbus A330-202 airplane after him , registered CS-TOP .
Bibliography
Pedro Nunes translated , commented and expanded some of the major works in their field , and they also published original research .
Commented and expanded translations :
Tratado da sphera com a Theorica do Sol e da Lua ( Treaty about the Sphere with Theory of the Sun and the Moon ) , ( 1537 ) . From Tractatus de Sphæra by Johannes de Sacrobosco , Theoricae novæ planetarum by Georg Purbach and the Geography by Claudius Ptolemaeus .
Original work :
Tratado em defensam da carta de marear ( Treatise Defending the Sea Chart ) , ( 1537 ) .
Tratado sobre certas dúvidas da navegação ( Treatise about some Navigational Doubts ) , ( 1537 )
De crepusculis ( About the Twilight ) , ( 1542 ) .
De erratis Orontii Finæi ( About the Errors of Orontius Finæus ) , ( 1546 ) .
Livro de algebra en arithmetica y geometria ( Book of Algebra in Arithmetics and Geometry ) , ( 1567 ) .
Petri Nonii Salaciensis Opera , ( 1566 ) . Expanded , corrected and reedited as De arte adque ratione navigandi in 1573 .
Some modern reprints :
Obras ( 4 vol . ) , Academia das Ciências de Lisboa , Lisboa , 1940-1960 ( No ISBN at the books ' record at the Portuguese National Library )
Obras ( 6 vol . ) , Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian , Lisboa , 2002-2011 , and ( more volumes are likely to be published )
Notes
References
Mourão , Ronaldo Rogério de Freitas , Dicionário das Descobertas , Pergaminho , Lisboa , 2001 ,
Dias , J. S. da Silva , Os descobrimentos e a problemática cultural do século XVI ( 3rd ed . ) , Presença , Lisboa , 1988
Calafate , Pedro , Pedro Nunes , at Instituto Camões ' site ( in Portuguese )
Printed works of Pedro Nunes in the 16th century , at Portuguese National Library ( in Portuguese )
External links
Pedro Nunes page ( FCUL )
1502 births
1578 deaths
Portuguese mathematicians
Portuguese Renaissance humanists
Portuguese Renaissance writers
16th-century mathematicians
Portuguese geographers
Scientific instrument makers
University of Coimbra alumni
University of Salamanca alumni
University of Salamanca faculty
Jewish Portuguese writers
16th-century Portuguese people
Portuguese exploration in the Age of Discovery
People from Setúbal District
People from Coimbra
School of Salamanca
Portuguese inventors
European Sephardi Jews
In Ghar ( Arabic : عين غار , lit . Cave spring ) is a town and commune , coextensive with the district of In Ghar , in In Salah Province , Algeria . According to the 2008 census it has a population of 11,225 , up from 8,059 in 1998 , with an annual growth rate of 3.4 % . Its postal code is 11210 and its municipal code is 1103 .
Geography
In Ghar lies at an elevation of on a flat plain in the Sahara Desert of southern Algeria . An oasis lies to the east of the town ; it is extensively used for agriculture .
Climate
In Ghar has a hot desert climate ( Köppen climate classification BWh ) , with long , extremely hot summers and short , very warm winters , little to no precipitation throughout the year , as well as permanent sunshine and clear skies .
Transportation
In Ghar lies on the northern side of the N52 national highway which connects the town to Aoulef and Reggane to the west and In Salah to the east .
Education
3.5 % of the population has a tertiary education , and another 22.5 % has completed secondary education . The overall literacy rate is 84.2 % , and is 91.4 % among males and 76.1 % among females .
Localities
The commune is composed of eight localities :
In Ghar
Laksar
Tourfine
Chouiter
Lahdeb
Akbour
Miliana
Sebkha
Ez Zaouia
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Communes of In Salah Province
Tuareg
Statefields School Inc. ( SSI ) is a private , non-sectarian school located along the National Rd . in Molino III , Bacoor , Cavite . It offers preschool , elementary , junior high school and senior high school education .
References
External links
WikiMapia Location
High schools in Cavite
Schools in Bacoor
2000 establishments in the Philippines
In the 1938 FIFA World Cup qualification Group 7 , the two teams played against each other on a home-and-away basis . The winner would qualify for the third FIFA World Cup held in France .
Matches
Bulgaria vs Czechoslovakia
Czechoslovakia vs Bulgaria
NOTE : Ľudovít Rado missed a penalty .
Team stats
Head coach : Josef Tesař ( first match ) , Václav Meissner ( second match )
Head coach : Stanislav Toms
References
External links
FIFA official page
RSSSF - 1938 World Cup Qualification
Allworldcup
7
1937–38 in Bulgarian football
Qual
The 2022–23 Washington Wizards season will be the 62nd season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) and 49th in the Washington , D.C. area .
Draft picks
The Wizards entered the 2022 NBA Draft holding one first round pick and one second round pick .
Roster
Game log
Preseason
|-style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 1
| September 30
| @ Golden State
|
| Rui Hachimura ( 13 )
| Rui Hachimura ( 9 )
| Monté Morris ( 5 )
| Saitama Super Arena20,497
| 0–1
|-style= '' background : # ; ''
| 2
| October 2
| @ Golden State
|
|
|
|
| Saitama Super Arena
|
|-style= '' background : # ; ''
| 3
| October 10
| @ Charlotte
|
|
|
|
| Spectrum Center
|
Transactions
Trades
Free Agents
Re-signed
Additions
Subtractions
References
Washington Wizards seasons
Washington Wizards
Washington Wizards
Washington Wizards
A smoke bomb is a firework designed to produce smoke upon ignition . Smoke bombs are useful to airsoft games , paintball games , self-defence and practical jokes . They are also used in smoke tests .
History
Early Japanese history saw the use of a rudimentary form of the smoke bomb . Explosives were common in Japan during the Mongol invasions of the 13th century . Soft cased hand-held bombs were later designed to release smoke , poison gas and shrapnel made from iron and pottery . The modern smoke bomb was created in 1848 , by the British inventor Robert Yale . They developed 17th-century Chinese-style fireworks and later modified the formula to produce more smoke for a longer period of time .
Colored smoke devices use a formula that consists of an oxidizer ( typically potassium nitrate , KNO3 ) , a fuel ( generally sugar ) , a moderator ( such as sodium bicarbonate ) to keep the reaction from getting too hot , and a powdered organic dye . The burning of this mixture evaporates the dye and forces it out of the device , where it condenses in the atmosphere to form a `` smoke '' of finely dispersed particles .
Home-made smoke bombs , even preceding Yale 's 1848 invention , were and are most commonly used in pranks and street conflicts . They are typically made from materials that burn poorly and contained in vessels with a limited air intake that inhibit combustion . Because both the ingredients and uses are unpredictable , home-made smoke bombs are often categorized as an incendiary device .
References
Fireworks
Pyrotechnics
Smoke
Rubin Phillip ( born ) is bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Natal . The great-grandchild of indentured labourers from Andhra Pradesh , Phillip is the first of East Indian heritage in South Africa to hold the position of Bishop of Natal . They grew up in Clairwood , a suburb of Durban with a large concentration of people of Indian ethnicity , in a non-religious household , but converted to Christianity . They were a noted anti-apartheid activist and spent three years under house arrest in the 1970s and was banned in 1973 . They were enthroned as bishop in February 2000 .
They continue to take political positions and remains connected to grassroots struggles .
Black Consciousness Movement
Phillip was involved in the Black Consciousness Movement , was a close friend to Steve Biko and was the Deputy President of the South African Student 's Organisation in 1969 when Steve Biko was President .
Zimbabwe
In 2008 , Phillip successfully obtained a court order preventing arms shipments destined for Zimbabwe from being transported through South Africa . They are chair of the Zimbabwe Solidarity Forum in South Africa .
Abahlali baseMjondolo
Phillip has been , and remains , a strong supporter of the shack dwellers movement ' Abahlali baseMjondolo . They have attended meetings , memorials , mass ecumenical prayers , marches and UnFreedom Day hosted by Abahlali baseMjondolo and supported the organisation 's successful battle to have the KZN Slums Act declared unconstitutional . In September 2009 , they condemned the violent expulsion of Abahlali baseMjondolo from the Kennedy Road informal settlement blaming political interference and stating that `` this militia has acted with the support of the local ANC structures '' . They supported the movement through the case that followed the attack .
They were critical of the 2010 Football World Cup saying that : `` If we can successfully host a massive event like the World Cup , spending billions , then why ca n't we provide water , electricity and housing for a handful of shack dwellers ? ''
In 2013 they expressed solidarity with Abahlali baseMjondolo after the movement was subject to assassinations , a police killing , shootings and arrests .
Marikana Massacre
Phillip was very critical of the police massacre of striking mine workers at Marikana in 2012 . At the time they declared that `` And so again , the truth of our country is in dead black bodies littering the ground . The truth of our time is that people asserting their rights and dignity have been brought down in a hail of bullets . ''
Other activism
They have taken a strong stand against gender based violence .
Awards and recognition
Bremen International Peace award
In 2009 Phillip was given the Bremen International Peace award on the grounds of their work in the struggle against apartheid and their ongoing work `` to offer solidarity to the displaced people , victims of persecutions and detainees '' .
Diakonia award
In August 2010 Phillip was given the Diakonia award in recognition of `` his involvement with the anti apartheid movement as far back as the 1960s , through their advocacy and involvement in the Zimbabwe crisis to their solidarity with the shack dwellers movement , Abahlali baseMjondolo . '' They dedicated the award to `` shack dwellers , especially those from Kennedy Road and all those who have stood in solidarity with them . ''
Notes and references
1948 births
Anglican bishops of Natal
Converts to Christianity
Housing in South Africa
Liberation theologians
Living people
People from Durban
South African activists
21st-century Anglican Church of Southern Africa bishops
20th-century South African Anglican priests
South African people of Indian descent
Vasilisa the Beautiful ( ) is a 1940 Soviet film produced by Soyuzdetfilm and directed by Alexander Rou . It was based on a traditional Russian fairy tale The Frog Tsarevna ( Vasilisa the Wise ) , rather than the fairy tale of the same name . It was the first large-budget feature in the Soviet Union to use fantasy elements , as opposed to the realistic style long favored politically .
Plot
A desperate peasant demands that both of their two eldest , good-for-nothing sons use bow and arrow to seek a bride wherever the arrows fall . The arrow of the oldest brother Anton strikes at a snooty nobleman 's daughter , while the arrow of the middle brother Agafon gets stuck in the vicinity of a food-addicted merchant 's daughter . The youngest son , Ivan , wants to do the same as their elder brothers but shoots the arrow into a swamp , where they find only an ugly toad . Once home , to see if they are worthy of a peasant , the old farmer tells the future wives to farm the land around the hut and themselves goes off with their sons to mow fields . However , the two women have learned nothing and only throw the toad out of the house . Then , out of the toad skin a pretty girl emerges who starts to do the work of the women . They notice them singing and find the skin . In dispute , they tear it in half and throw the remains into the fire .
When the men return home , the girl reveals themselves as Vasilissa . They tell that they were transformed by a dragon because they refused to marry him . As a punishment , they were to live at the bottom of a lake for three years , and the due date was almost over , but as the two women burned their toad skin , they would now be fetched by the dragon 's sister , an old witch . As the sky darkens , a terrible storm breaks out and Vasilisa disappears . The old man then gives their youngest son advice : `` Far away from here in the dark spruce forest are three large , old oaks . Wait until the cuckoo calls three times , then you will find a well at the feet of the oak trees . At the bottom of this fountain , behind an oak fence and a castle that weighs a hundred quintal , lies a miracle sword of fine steel . If you find the key to the castle , you can defeat the dragon . ''
The youth , therefore , sets out on a journey to seek the key . On their journey , they meet a blacksmith who tells them that the key is in a golden egg inside a duck sitting in a glass chest . However , this chest would be at the highest point of a tall pine . At the witches ' house meanwhile , the witch suggests Vasilissa to marry their brother , they would live in a palace and be rich , but Vasilissa refuses again . In the meantime , the warrior has arrived in the forest , where the invisible witch gives them a beating , but they resist . Then they invoke an enchanted bear for him . Only barely can they escape its paws , but finally defeats it , spares it and thus becomes friends with the bears of the forest . In a third strike , the witch splits the earth to prevent the warrior from progressing , but Ivan finds a narrow path over which they try to overcome the deep-roaring river . Arriving in the middle of the transition , the evil old woman brings them to collapse and the youth falls into the abyss under the sound of their loud laughter . Back home , they reveal to Vasilissa that their lover is no longer alive , but they still do not consent . Meanwhile , Ivan , with the help of the bears , succeeds to free themselves from the torrent . They climb up the ravine and reaches the high pine , which is climbed by the bears . At the top they throw down the glass chest . The chest shatters and the duck escapes . Then the youth shoots it with their bow and the egg falls to the ground .
With the key in their luggage , they covertly seek out their Vasilissa , which causes their attention to be drawn to a forbidden well . When the cuckoo sounds three times , they go there , climbs down and finds a huge lock on the fence made of oak . They put the key in the lock , whereupon it shatters and the door opens . They end up trapped in a web of spiders , whose huge owner charges them with three puzzles that they must solve or that their life is forfeited . After answering the questions , they receive the sword and sets off for the three-headed dragon Zmey Gorynych who wants to marry their Vasilissa . A fight between the adversaries commences . The fire and water-spouting dragon stretches out menacingly , but unexpectedly they succeed in a surprise strike against the monster , whereby the first head is knocked off . In the further course of the fight , the hero climbs a rock and pushes down from above on the dragon to take the second head . Meanwhile , Vasilissa fights the witch and they manage to throw them into a large pot of boiling water . The witch wants to escape from the cauldron , but because of the lid , the old woman is trapped inside . Finally , through a last powerful prank , the knight attacks the firestorming dragon 's head and knocks it down . The survived two lovers then ride home .
Cast
Georgy Millyar as the father and as Baba-Yaga
Sergey Stolyarov as Ivan , the youngest son
Lev Potyomkin as Agaphon , the middle son
Nikita Kondratiev , as Anton the oldest son
Valentina Sorogozhskaya as Vasilisa the Beautiful ( Vasilisa the Wise )
Irina Zarubina as Malanya , the merchant 's daughter
Lidiya Sukharevskaya as Belyandryasa , the aristocrat 's daughter
Tatyana Barysheva as Malanya 's mother
Mariya Barabanova as Bell-ringer
L. Skavronskaya
See also
Vasilisa the Beautiful ( 1977 film )
References
External links
( English subtitles )
1940 films
1940s fantasy films
Films based on Russian folklore
Films based on Slavic mythology
Films set in Russia
Films shot in Crimea
Soviet black-and-white films
Soviet fantasy films
1940s Russian-language films
Baba Yaga
Russian black-and-white films
Russian fantasy films
Films based on fairy tales
Makhdoom Muhammad Zaman Talibul Moula ( 4 October 1919 – 11 January 1993 ; Sindhi : مخدوم محمد زمان طالب المولا ) was a Pakistani politician , scholar and poet . They were the 17th Sajjadah Nasheen of Ghous-ul-Haq Makhdoom Sarwar Nooh Shrine best known `` Sarwari Jammat '' in Hala . They were born on October 4 , 1919 in New Hala . They are the father of Makhdoom Muhammad Amin Fahim and Makhdoom Saeeduz Zaman .
Makhdoom Talib ul Mola became the Sajjadah Nasheen after the death of their father Makhdoom Ghulam Muhammad . Their Shrine is famous as No lakhi Godri . Their family had some 1 million followers 300 years back , but the number expanded to around 6 million people during their time .
They were also a politician and was the senior vice chairperson of Pakistan Peoples Party . They were among founding members of PPP and the party was found in their house at Hala in 1967 . They were elected as the Member of the National Assembly many times and played role in the movements of MRD and ani-One Unit .
Makdoom Talib ul Mola was also a famous Sindhi poet , and was chairperson of Sindhi Adabi Board . They wrote many books and articles in Sindhi Magazines . They died on January 11 , 1993 at Cardio Vesicular Institute , Karachi . They are buried at Hala .
Awards
They were awarded Tamgha-e-Pakistan , Latif Award and Hilal-e-Imtiaz for their achievements and works .
Books
Their prose & poetry work contains more than 30 books , published ones are given as under ;
Bahar-e-Talib ( poetry 1946 )
Rubaiyat-e-talib ( Poetry 1949 )
Khud Shanasi ( prose 1949 )
Shaitaan ( Prose 1951 )
Islami tasawwuf ( Prose 1951 )
Imam Ghazali ja Khutt Selected ( Translation 1953 )
Durr-e-Nayab urf Yaad-e-Raftagan ( Collection of Poets from all over the Sindh 1953 & 1993 )
Kachkoal ( Poetry in Sindhi , Persian , Urdu , Siraiki 1955 )
Shan-e-Serwari ( Poetry NAATs 1958 )
Kaafi ( Poetry Kafi/Abiyaat 1962 )
Chappar mein Charriyoon ( poetry Kafi/Abiyaat 1971 )
Sindh Jo Sanwann ( Poetry )
Deewan-e-Talib-ul-Mola ( Poetry 1982 )
AA Kanga Kar GGalh ( Poetry 1982 )
Hala ja Makhdoom Aeen Shah Sahib ( Prose )
Sham-o-Subah ( Poetry 1982 )
Mathanavi-e-Aql-o-Ishq ( poetry 1955 & 1983 )
Be-Peer Ankhiyoon ( Poetry in their own writing 1987 )
Misri joon Tarroon in English & Sindhi ( Prose Quotes 1990 )
Sada Waseen Sindhrri ( Poetry 1990 )
Lughat-e-Sindhi Mukhaf'fifaat ( Dictionary of Contractions 1991 )
Aab-e-Hayaat ( Poetry 1991 )
Chuhunddrriyoon ( Poetry 1992 )
Intikhab-e-kalaam-e-Talib-ul-Mola ( Poetry in their own writing 1993 )
Muhunjo Nandhpann ( Autobiography+additions 1993 )
Baharistaan ( Poetry 1994 )
mazameen-e-Talib-ul-Mola ( Prose Different Columns written in Newspapers & Magazines 1994 )
Shan-e-Hussain ( Poetry 2004 )
See also
Makhdoom Ameen Faheem
Hala , Sindh
Notes
1919 births
1993 deaths
Pakistan People 's Party politicians
People from Matiari District
Sindhi people
Sindhi-language poets
20th-century poets
Makhdoom family
Recipients of Latif Award
Pakistan People 's Party MNAs
Bikash Roy ( 16 May 1916 – 16 April 1987 ) was an Indian actor and filmmaker who is known for their work in Bengali cinema . They are well known for their character roles and for their own style of acting in Bengali films from the late 1940s until the mid-1980s .
Early life and education
They were born in Kolkata , but their ancestral home was Madanpur , Nadia , West Bengal , India . Madanpur in the Nadia district . As a member of a rich and aristocratic family , they grew up in liberal surroundings . They first attended Mitra Institution for their matriculation . Then Roy graduated with a Bachelor 's of Arts from the University of Calcutta ( Presidency College ) , and later earned a B.L ( now it is called LL.B ) from the same university .
Career
Acting in films
They acted in numerous films , including Ratnadeep , 42 , Uttar Falguni , Surya Toran , Neel Akasher Neechey , Marutirtha Hinglaj , Jiban Kahini , Jiban Trishna , and Chhadmabeshi . In the early 1950s , they acted as Kamal , the protagonist in the romantic comedy Chheley Kaar and also as a funny grandfather in the 1980 comedy Ogo Bodhu Shundori , followed by similar roles during the end of their career . But what may be their most famous role was the character of the selfless barrister Manish , who is committed to their beloved , a courtesan ( played by Suchitra Sen ) , in Uttar Falguni . They also did a number of radio plays for Akashvani and shot into fame after being cast in the role of a ruthless , tyrannic military officer in the film 42 that included stars like Abhi Bhattacharya , Manju Dey , and Sombhu Mitra among others as stalwarts . Their acting prowess and versatility could be gauged in films like Ratnadeep , where they play the role of an imposter who reforms himself , as the prodigal hero in Naa , as the strife-torn co-protagonist in Surjamukhi ( which they also produced ) , as the affluent business person who rose from the rags in Surya Toran , as a protagonist ( opposite Uttam Kumar ) who aspires to beat their rival but is torn within themselves in Jiban Trishna , as a patriot in Masterda Surya Sen , as the patriarch in Kanch Kata Hirey , as a caring brother in Dhuli , as the quiet and intense husband in Smriti Tuku Thak ( opposite Suchitra Sen who plays a double role ) , as the quarrelsome husband in Jatugriha ( directed by Tapan Sinha and starring Uttam Kumar , Arundhati Devi , and Binota Roy ) , in Baghini as a police officer , in negative roles - Bibhas , Agni Sanskar , Jighansa , Adwitiya , Bhola Moira , and Karcher Swarga , as a compassionate and humorous doctor in Arohi , as a psychological patient in Andhar Periye ( both directed by Tapan Sinha ) , as a quack in Ramer Sumati , as the elder brother and head of the family in Bindur Chheley , as the hapless and helpless father in Maya Mriga in the early 1960s , and as the proud and high-handed father in Devdas ( starring Soumitra Chatterjee , Sumitra Mukherjee , Uttam Kumar , and Supriya Devi ) in the late 1970s and so on .
One of the most prominent and best roles played by them was in Arogya Niketan , playing the cameo role of Moshay , an old village doctor who believes firmly in the Vedic way of medical practice , however , not being absolutely illogical and apartheid to modern medicine and the treatments associated with it . For this role , they happened to win the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Bengali as well .
Acting in theatrical plays
Their foray in commercial plays was commendable ; most worth mentioning being Nahabat which ran for more than 1,200 nights . They pioneered the holding of stage-plays where the characters read out the play and their respective roles in front of the audience ; known as `` Shruti Natok '' ( audio drama ) . The most famous in this genre being Shesher Kobita and Chirakumar Sabha , based respectively on a novel and a play by Rabindranath Tagore . They also acted in a number of radio-plays on Akashvani/All India Radio ( AIR ) , most notably Suk Sari ( with Tripti Mitra ) and Dui Bon .
Directing films
Their love for the silver screen drove them to produce and direct a number of films like Marutirtha Hinglaj , Raja Saja ( both featuring Uttam Kumar as the leading actor ) , Basant Bahar , Carey Saheber Munshi – a film based on the life and times of Ramram Basu ( 1757-1813 ) , and Debotar Graash , based on a poem by Rabindranath Tagore .
Autobiography
They remained active well into the 1980s , gradually moving to cameo roles , owing to their failing health . They have few autobiographical titles to their credit - Mone Pore , Kichhu Chhabi , Kichhu Galpo , Prasanga Abhinoy , and Aami .
Selected filmography
Abhiyatri
42
Masterda Surya Sen
Bhuli Nai
Chheley Kaar
Ratnadeep
Jighansa
Taka Aana Pai
Kirtigarh
Naa
Ratrir Tapasya
Dhuli
Shap Mochan
Sajghar
Abhoyer Biye
Jiban Kahini
Jiban Trishna
Indranath Srikanta O Annadadidi
Agni Sanskar
Marutirtha Hinglaj
Gali Theke Rajpath
Smriti Tuku Thak
Surya Toran
Bibhas
Sesh Anka
Neel Akasher Neechey
Maya Mriga
Raja Saja
Karcher Swarga
Rajdrohi
Jatugriha
Arogya Niketan
Chhaya Surya
Kanch Kata Hirey
Uttar Falguni
Shap Mochan
Baghini
Sabyasachi
Hangsa Mithun
Kalankita Nayak
Prastar Swakshar
Chhadmabeshi
Mon Niye
Arohi
Har Mana Har
Nabarag
Alo Amar Alo
Adwitiya
Bon Palashir Padabali
Megh Kalo
Bhola Moira
Bindur Chheley
Ramer Sumati
Dour
Devdas
Ogo Bodhu Shundori
Shatru
Na
Amar Prithibi ( last released film during their lifetime )
Awards
BFJA Awards - Best Actor In Supporting Role for Uttar Falguni in 1964 .
BFJA Awards - Best Actor In Supporting Role for Kanch Kata Hirey in 1967 .
BFJA Awards - Best Actor In Supporting Role for Prastar Swakshar in 1968 .
References
`` Aami '' by Bikash Roy .
External links
1916 births
1987 deaths
University of Calcutta alumni
Male actors in Bengali cinema
20th-century Indian male actors
People of British India
German Braille is one of the older braille alphabets . The French-based order of the letter assignments was largely settled on with the 1878 convention that decided the standard for international braille . However , the assignments for German letters beyond the 26 of the basic Latin alphabet are mostly unrelated to French values .
Letters
In numerical order by decade , the letters are :
The generic accent sign , , is used with foreign names such as Molière that have accented letters not found in German . There are numerous contractions and abbreviations .
Punctuation
Punctuation is as follows :
Only the first asterisk is marked with dot 6 , so print * * * is in braille .
is the Artikel sign , marking an article of a document .
For the brackets of phonetic transcription , German Braille uses a modified form , .
Additional punctuation and symbols , especially mathematical , are explained in the external reference below .
Numbers
Numbers are introduced with the sign . They are dropped to decade 5 for ordinals and for the denominator of fractions .
So , for example , is , while is ( 4th ) , and is ́ .
The percent sign requires the number sign even after a number : ; otherwise it would look like the ( undefined ) fraction .
In a compound fraction , a repeat of the number sign separate the units from the fraction : .
Formatting
The emphasis sign ( for italics , underline , or bold ) is marked with an extra point , , when it occurs in the middle of a word . It is doubled , , when more than one word is emphasized , in which case the ending sign will be required at the end of the last word .
The all-caps sign is used for initialisms and the like . Doubled , it is used for all-cap text , such as titles , and the same ending sign , , is used . Names with initials , such as J.S . Bach , do not require the cap sign . The lower-case sign is used to mark mixed case or exceptions to expected capitalization ; as such , it replaces the apostrophe that sets off the plural -s in print :
, , .
( Note the initialism sign can be used for a single letter . )
Lower-case metric units are marked as lower-case : . This is useful , as it ends the scope of the number sign :
, .
See also
Moon type is a simplification of the Latin alphabet for embossing . An adaptation for German-reading blind people has been proposed .
Notes
References
Sources
Das System der deutschen Blindenschrift , 2005
French-ordered braille alphabets
German language
Bank of New Zealand v Greenwood [ 1984 ] 1 NZLR 525 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding land based nuisance claims in tort .
Background
Reflection of sunlight from Greenwood 's architecturally designed glass veranda caused discomfort to people working in the Bank of New Zealand building opposite it . Greenwood refused to take steps to rectify this , as they claimed that sunlight was not an actionable claim in nuisance .
Held
The court ruled that the reflection of sunlight is an actionable claim in nuisance , but instead of making Greenwood remove the offending veranda which would have cost $ 20,000 , it ordered that Greenwood pay for the installation of blinds at the BNZ building .
References
High Court of New Zealand cases
New Zealand tort case law
1984 in New Zealand law
1984 in case law
Bank of New Zealand litigation
The Iguazú National Park ( ) is a national park of Argentina , located in the Iguazú Department , in the north of the province of Misiones , Argentine Mesopotamia . It has an area of .
History
The area of the park was inhabited 10,000 years ago by the hunter-gatherers of the Eldoradense culture . They were displaced around 1,000 CE by the Guaraní , who brought new agricultural technologies , and were displaced in turn by the Spanish and Portuguese conquistadores in the 16th century , though their legacy is still alive in this area ( the name of the park and the river are Guaraní y guasu , `` large water '' ) . The first European to visit the zone was Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca , in 1542 ; Jesuit missions followed in 1609 .
The park was created in 1934 to protect one of the greatest natural beauties of Argentina , the Iguazu Falls , surrounded by the subtropical jungle .
The Iguazú National Reserve was defined by law 18.801 of 7 October 1970 as constituting the western part of the Iguazú National Park .
While the national park preserves nature with the least possible alteration , the reserve admits human activities and infrastructure .
Creation of the reserve allowed construction of an international airport and alienation of land for three tourist hotels .
Across the Iguazu River lies its Brazilian counterpart ( Iguaçu National Park ) . Both sites were declared World Heritage Sites by UNESCO , in 1984 .
The park would be part of the proposed Trinational Biodiversity Corridor , which aims to provide forest connections between conservation units in Brazil , Paraguay and Argentina in the Upper Paraná ecoregion .
The southeast of the park adjoins the Urugua-í Provincial Park , created in 1990 .
Flora and fauna
The park lies within the Alto Paraná Atlantic forests ecoregion .
The fauna of the park includes several rare and threatened species : jaguar , jaguarundi , South American tapir , ocelot , tirica , anteater , the black-fronted piping guan , the harpy eagle , and the yacare caiman . One can also find birds like the great dusky swift and large toucans , mammals like the coatí , and a diversity of butterflies . The vinaceous amazon , named for its wine-colored plumage , is occasionally found in this park .
The Iguazú River ends in the Paraná River 23 km beyond the falls , after a 1320 km course . Inside the park it becomes up to 1,500 m wide and turns first south , then north , forming a large U-shape . Its banks are densely populated by trees , including the ceibo ( Cockspur coral tree ) , whose flower is Argentina 's national flower . The flora of the park also features lapacho negro and lapacho amarillo ( family Bignoniaceae ) , as well as palmito trees and the 40-metre-high palo rosa ( family Apocynaceae ) .
Gallery
See also
Rainforest Ecological Train
Iguaçu National Park ( Brazilian side of the park )
Iguazu Falls
References
Sources
External links
Official web site
Administración de Parques Nacionales - National Parks Administration of Argentina ( in Spanish and English )
World Heritage Site
Protected areas of Misiones Province
National parks of Argentina
World Heritage Sites in Argentina
Protected areas established in 1934
The Bingsheng Cup ( ) is an international women 's Go tournament . It was created in 2010 and is held annually . The tournament is held at Qionglong Mountain in Suzhou , Jiangsu , China . It is also known as the Qionglong Mountain Bingsheng Cup . The name bingsheng is in honor of Sun Tzu , who is said to have written The Art of War at Qionglong Mountain ; the historicity of Sun Tzu is uncertain .
Rules
The Bingsheng Cup is a Go competition for female players from China , Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , Europe , North America , and Oceania . It is a 16-player knockout tournament . Games are played under Chinese rules with a 7.5 point komi . Each player has 2 hours of main time with five 60-second byoyomi periods .
The winner 's prize is 300,000 RMB and the runner-up 's prize is 100,000 RMB ( as of the 10th cup ) . Formerly , from the 1st to the 3rd Bingsheng Cup , the winner received 200,000 RMB in prize money and the runner-up received 80,000 RMB . From the 4th to the 6th cup , the prizes were 250,000 RMB and 100,000 RMB , respectively . In the 7th cup , the winner 's prize was further increased to the current 300,000 RMB .
History
The Bingsheng Cup was first held in 2010 . At the time of its creation , the Bingsheng Cup was the only international women 's individual Go tournament . Other such tournaments had been held before , such as the Bohai Cup , but were discontinued or were one-off events . It remained the only one until the Wu Qingyuan Cup was established in 2018 .
The 1st Bingsheng Cup winner was Park Jieun , and the runner-up was Joanne Missingham . Missingham , who was born in Australia and is a Taiwan Qiyuan professional player , represented Oceania in the tournament , achieving the best-ever international tournament result for a player born outside Asia .
Korean players have won the title 7 times and Chinese players have won 3 times . Japan 's best result was a semifinals appearance by Rina Fujisawa in 2019 .
Winners and runners-up
References
External links
Nihon Ki-in archive ( in Japanese )
https : //gotoeveryone.k2ss.info/news/wr/ql/ – game records
International Go competitions
Hannah Kasulka is an American actor known for their role as Casey Rance in the 2016 Fox television series The Exorcist , and as Meegan Bishop in Filthy Preppy Teen $ .
Early life
Kasulka was born and raised in the town of Macon , Georgia , as an only child to their mother , a hairdresser and their grandmother a pastor . They attended the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , and obtained BS degree in Management in 2009 . During their years as a student in university , Kasulka had taken acting lessons , after graduation they moved to Los Angeles , California to pursue an acting career . They started work in a coffee shop , meeting people who persuaded them to join The Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre enrolling in acting and scene study classes , which turned out to be a good platform to launch their acting career .
Career
Kasulka had never even seen the 1973 film The Exorcist before they landed a lead role in the 2016 Fox television series The Exorcist , as Casey Rance , an 18 year-old girl who has been possessed by an evil force .
In 2019 , Kasulka acted in , wrote and directed the short film Bird of Shame , shot entirely in black and white with zero dialogue . Kasulka also played the leading role in the horror film Witches In The Woods first screened at the 2019 Arrow Video Frightfest .
In 2021 , Kasulka stars in the film Playing God where they play Rachel in a brother and sister con-artist duo who attempt to swindle a grief-stricken billionaire by deception , introducing them to whom they think is God .
Personal life
Kasulka is a supporter of the Sheldrick Wildlife Trust which operates an orphan elephant rescue and rehabilitation program in Kenya .
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Interview with Exorcist co-star Brianne Howey
Living people
21st-century American actores
American television actores
American film actores
Actresses from Georgia ( U.S. state )
Actors from Macon , Georgia
People from Macon , Georgia
Georgia Tech alumni
Upright Citizens Brigade Theater performers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Fred Berger ( born May 10 , 1981 ) is an American film producer who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for the 2016 musical La La Land , for which they also won the 2016 Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and Producers Guild of America Award for Best Theatrical Motion Picture .
In addition to La La Land , Berger served as a producer on the films The Autopsy of Jane Doe and Taking Chance . , they are a partner at Automatik Entertainment alongside Brian Kavanaugh-Jones .
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
20th-century American Jews
Film producers from New York ( state )
Businesspeople from New York City
Filmmakers who won the Best Film BAFTA Award
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Golden Globe Award-winning producers
21st-century American Jews
Jefferson School may refer to :
Jefferson School ( Massachusetts ) , a historic school building in Weymouth , Massachusetts
Jefferson Schools , a school district in Frenchtown Charter Township , Michigan
Jefferson School ( Cape Girardeau , Missouri ) , a historic school building
Jefferson School of Social Science ( 1944-1956 ) , a New York City adult education and training facility of the Communist Party USA
Jefferson Schoolhouse , Indian Hill , Ohio
Jefferson School ( Clifton Forge , Virginia ) , a historic school building
Jefferson School ( Charlottesville , Virginia ) , a historic school building
See also
Jefferson Elementary School ( disambiguation )
List of schools named after Thomas Jefferson
Stephen A. Rotter is a film editor who won at the 56th Academy Awards in the category of Best Film Editing . They were one of the five film editors to win for the film The Right Stuff . They shared it with Glenn Farr , Lisa Fruchtman , Tom Rolf and Douglas Stewart .
They have worked on over 30 films as an editor .
In addition , Rotter has also won an Emmy for the mini-series Holocaust . Which they shared with Alan Heim , Craig McKay , Robert M. Reitano and Brian Smedley-Aston .
Selected filmography
Alice 's Restaurant ( 1969 ) ( assistant editor )
Little Big Man ( 1970 ) ( assistant editor )
Slaughterhouse-Five ( 1972 ) ( assistant film editor )
Visions of Eight ( 1973 ) ( assistant editor )
The Seven-Ups ( 1973 )
Night Moves ( 1975 )
The Missouri Breaks ( 1976 )
Johnny , We Hardly Knew Ye ( 1977 )
The Deadliest Season ( 1977 )
Holocaust ( 1978 )
Siege ( 1978 )
Skokie ( 1981 )
The World According to Garp ( 1982 )
The Right Stuff ( 1983 )
Heaven Help Us ( 1985 )
Target ( 1985 )
Ishtar ( 1987 )
Dirty Rotten Scoundrels ( 1988 )
An Innocent Man ( 1989 )
My Blue Heaven ( 1990 )
True Colors ( 1991 )
Prelude to a Kiss ( 1992 )
Rising Sun ( 1993 )
Cops & Robbersons ( 1994 )
Baby 's Day Out ( 1994 ) ( additional editor )
Father of the Bride Part II ( 1995 )
The Preacher 's Wife ( 1996 )
Flubber ( 1997 ) ( additional editor )
The Parent Trap ( 1998 )
Down to You ( 2000 )
What Women Want ( 2000 )
America 's Sweethearts ( 2001 )
Head of State ( 2003 )
Something 's Got ta Give ( 2003 ) ( additional film editor )
Yours , Mine & Ours ( 2005 )
The Ex ( 2006 ) ( additional editor )
Enchanted ( 2007 )
Nim 's Island ( 2008 ) ( additional film editor )
A Little Bit of Heaven ( 2011 )
References
External links
Film editors
Living people
Best Film Editing Academy Award winners
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Saint-Yves ( 9 November 1808 – 23 July 1871 ) was the pen name of Édouard Déaddé , a 19th-century French playwright .
Short biography
They were born Ernest-Antoine-Edmond-Édouard Déaddé in Paris . An employee at the Interior ministry , they became known as vaudevilliste under the pen name Saint-Yves and published numerous articles in the Revue et gazette musicale under the pseudonym D.A.D .
Their numerous plays were presented on the most important Parisian stages of their time , including the Théâtre du Panthéon , the Théâtre des Variétés , the Théâtre du Palais-Royal , the Théâtre de l'Ambigu , the Théâtre des Folies-Dramatiques , and the Théâtre de la Gaîté . Several collaborative projects were discussed with Honoré de Balzac but none were realized .
They were the managing director of the Théâtre de la Porte-Saint-Antoine from 31 December 1839 to January 1841 .
Works
Odette , ou la Petite reine , chronique-vaudeville du temps de Charles VI , 1832
Le te deum et le de profundis , one-act comédie en vaudeville , with Benjamin Antier and Victor Ratier , 1832
Léonie , ou les Suites de la colère , 1833
Une matinée à Vincennes , ou le Conciliateur , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , 1834
Le souper du diable , vaudeville in 1 act , 1834
Un pélerinage , comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , 1835
La Préface de Gil Blas , one-act play , 1835
Casque en cuir et pantalon garance , with Xavier Veyrat , 1836
Le Maugrabin , drame mêlé de chants , 1836
La fille du Danube , ou Ne m'oubliez pas , drame-vaudeville in 2 acts and extravaganza , with Veyrat , 1836
Les Gitanos , ou le Prince et le chevrier , historical comedy in 1 act mingled with song , 1836
La Caisse d'épargne , comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , with Édouard Delalain , 1836
Le Début de Talma , comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , 1836
Rosette , ou Promettre et tenir , comédie en vaudeville in 2 periods , with Alexandre de Lavergne , 1836
L'Amour d'une reine , drama in 3 acts , 1837
Le Forgeron , drame-vaudeville in 1 act , with Delalain , 1837
Les ombres chinoises , comédie vaudeville in 2 acts , 1837
Les marchands de bois , vaudeville in 1 act , with Hector Monréal , 1837
Tabarin , ou un Bobêche d'autrefois , fantaisie in 1 act , mingled with song , 1837
Les Regrets , vaudeville in 1 act , with X. Veyrat , 1837
Rose et Colas , ou Une pièce de Sedaine , comédie en vaudeville in 2 acts , with Delalain and Victor Ratier , 1838
Le Mariage d'orgueil , comédie en vaudeville in 2 acts , with Adolphe d'Ennery , 1838
Une histoire de voleurs , drame vaudeville in 1 act , with Delalain , 1838
Turcs et bayadères , ou le Bal de l'Ambigu , folie de carnaval in 2 tableaux mingled with couplets , with Amable de Saint-Hilaire , 1838
Sous la Régence , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Delalain , 1838
La Fabrique , drame-vaudeville in 3 acts , with Édouard Delalain , 1839
Mme de Brienne , drama in 2 acts , with Max Raoul , 1839
Béatrix , drama in 4 acts , 1839
Madame de Brienne , drama in 2 acts and in prose , 1839
La Tarentule , imitation du ballet de l'Opéra , in 2 acts , mingled with song and dance , 1839
Les Oiseaux de Bocace , vaudeville , with Desroziers , 1840
Cocorico ou La poule de ma tante , vaudeville in 5 acts , with Michel Masson and Ferdinand de Villeneuve , 1840
L'Autre ou les Deux maris , vaudeville in 1 act , with Alfred Desroziers , 1840
Dinah l'Egyptienne , drama in 3 acts mingled with song , with Louis Lefebvre , 1840
Le Piège à loup , vaudeville in 1 act , with X. Veyrat , 1841
Au vert galant ! , vaudeville in 2 acts , with Angel , 1842
Eva ou le Grillon du foyer , comédie en vaudeville in 2 acts , with Choler , 1842
Les Femmes et le secret , vaudeville in 1 act , with Delalain , 1843
Le Saut périlleux , vaudeville in 1 act , 1843
Les Naufrageurs de Kérougal , drama in 4 acts , extravaganza with Auguste-Louis-Désiré Boulé and Jules Chabot de Bouin , 1843
La Perle de Morlaix , drame-vaudeville in 3 acts , with Édouard Delalain and Hippolyte Hostein , 1843
La Tête de singe , vaudeville in 2 acts , with Dumanoir and Desroziers , 1844
Brancas le rêveur , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Alexandre de Lavergne , 1845
L'Homme aux trente écus , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Édouard Brisebarre , 1845
Mademoiselle Bruscambille , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , 1845
Le fils du diable , drama in 5 acts and 11 tableaux , with Paul Féval , 1847
Le Pot au lait , fable by La Fontaine , set in action , 1847
Impressions de ménage , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Brisebarre , 1847
Mademoiselle Grabutot , vaudeville in 1 act , with Adolphe Choler , 1847
Le Protégé de Molière , comedy in 1 act , in verses , 1848
La république de Platon , vaudeville in 1 act , with Choler , 1848
Candide ou Tout est pour le mieux , tale mingled with couplets in 3 acts and 5 tableaux , with Clairville et Choler , 1848
Les Barricades de 1848 , opéra patriotique in 1 act and 2 tableaux , with Brisebarre , 1848
Une chaine anglaise , comédie en vaudeville in 3 acts , with Eugène Labiche , 1848
Histoire de rire , vaudeville in 1 act , with Labiche , 1848
Mademoiselle Carillon , vaudeville in 1 act , with Angel , 1849
Le Baron de Castel-Sarrazin , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Clairville and Alfred Desroziers , 1849
Le Congrès de la paix , à-propos in 1 act , mingled with couplets , with Clairville , 1849
Une femme exposée , vaudeville in 1 act , with Angel , 1849
Les manchettes d'un vilain , comédie en vaudeville in 2 acts , with Labiche and Auguste Lefranc , 1849
Le Marin de la garde , opéra comique in 1 act , 1849
La Paix du ménage , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Choler , 1849
La baronne Bergamotte , comédie en vaudeville in 2 acts , with X.-B . Saintine , 1850
Les Étoiles , ou le Voyage de la fiancée , vaudeville fantastique in 3 acts and 6 tableaux , 1850
Le Rossignol des salons , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Xavier de Montépin , 1850
La Jeunesse de Louis XIV ( 1648 ) , vaudeville anecdotique , 1851
La Fille de Frétillon , vaudeville in 1 act , with Choler , 1851
Belphégor , vaudeville fantastique in 1 act , with Choler and Dumanoir , 1851
La Mort aux rats , folie-vaudeville in 1 acti , 1851
Le Mari d'une jolie femme , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Choler , 1851
Alice , ou L'ange du foyer , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Émile Colliot , 1852
Marie Simon , drama in 5 acts , with Jules-Édouard Alboize de Pujol and Choler , 1852
L'Amour au daguerréotype , vaudeville in 1 act , with Charles Varin , 1853
Le Mariage au bâton , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Xavier Eyma , 1853
L'héritage de ma tante , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Choler , 1854
Le cousin Verdure , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Pierre Zaccone , 1855
Flaneuse , vaudeville in 1 act , 1855
Zerbine , tableau bouffe , with Octave Féré , 1856
La chanteuse de marbre , with O.Féré , 1857
Le Nez d'argent , vaudeville in 1 act , with Choler and Alfred Delacour , 1857
La belle Gabrielle , with O. Féré , 1857
Les Chevaliers errants . Zohra la Morisque , with O. Féré , 1857
Pianella , operetta in 1 act , with O. Féré , 1860
Un bal sur la tête , vaudeville in 1 act , with Victor Bernard and Paul Siraudin , 1860
Comme on gâte sa vie , comédie en vaudeville in 3 acts , with Choler , 1860
Le sou de Lise , operetta in 1 act , with Zaccone , 1860
Les Trabucayres , with O.Féré , 1862
Le Comte de Bonneval , histoire du siècle dernier , with O. Féré , 1863
Détournement de majeure , vaudeville in 1 act , with V. Bernard , and P. Siraudin , 1863
Les Quatre femmes d'un pacha , with O. Féré , 1864
Splendeurs et misères d'un renégat , with O. Féré , 1864
Le Baron de Trenck , with Octave Féré , 1865
Un mariage royal , with O. Féré , 1865
Une femme dégelée , vaudeville in 1 act , with Choler and Clairville , 1865
Les Chevaliers d'aventures , with O.Féré , 1865
Les Amours du comte de Bonneval , with Octave Féré , 1866
Louise de Guzman , with O. Féré , 1866
Les Quatre femmes d'un pacha , with O. Féré , 1867
Mademoiselle Pacifique , comédie en vaudeville in 1 act , with Choler , 1868
L'Anneau de la veuve , 1870
Le mari de la tzarine , with O. Féré , 1891 ( posthumous )
Notes
Bibliography
Joseph M. Quérard , Charles Louandre , La littérature française contemporaine , 1848 , ( p. 157 ) ( read online )
Joseph-Marie Quérard , Maulde et Renou , Les supercheries littéraires dévoilées , 1852 , ( p. 248 )
Edmond Antoine Poinsot , Dictionnaire des Pseudonymes , 1869 , ( p. 305 )
Gustave Vapereau , Dictionnaire universel des contemporains , 1870 , ( p. 491 ) ( read online )
Pierre Larousse , Nouveau Larousse illustré , `` Déaddé ( Edouard ) '' , vol . 3 ( 1898 ) , ( p. 537 ) .
Wild , Nicole ( 1989 ) . Dictionnaire des théâtres parisiens au XIXe siècle : les théâtres et la musique . Paris : Aux Amateurs de livres . . ( paperback ) . View formats and editions at WorldCat .
External links
Saint-Yves on Data.bnf.fr
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
Writers from Paris
1808 births
1871 deaths
`` Eat You Up '' is a song by British singer-songwriter Angie Gold , written by Gold and Anthony Baker and released in 1985 by Passion Records . It was written by Gold and Anthony Baker , and produced by Les Hunt .
The single peaked at No . 30 on Billboards Dance Club Songs . It found more success in Japan , where it was titled and spent four consecutive weeks at No . 1 on Oricon 's international singles chart in early 1986 . The song was also adapted in several languages by other artists in Japan , Hong Kong , and South Korea .
Gold later re-recorded the song with producer Ian Levine for their 1995 compilation album The Best of Angie Gold : Eat You Up .
Track listing
Charts
Cover versions
Yōko Oginome covered the song in Japanese as their seventh single `` Dancing Hero ( Eat You Up ) '' , from their 1985 compilation The Best . This version peaked at No . 5 on Oricon 's singles chart and has since become their most popular song .
Yumi Yano covered the song in Japanese in their 1985 EP Makin ' It . The lyrics are completely different from Oginome 's version .
Priscila Chan covered the song in Cantonese as `` Tiu3 Mou5 Gaai1 '' ( ; lit . `` Dancing Street '' ) in 1986 , based mainly on Oginome 's version . The song topped the Hong Kong charts and was awarded the 1986 Jade Solid Gold Best Ten Award for Most Popular Disco Song ( ) . `` Tiu3 Mou5 Gaai1 '' is regarded as one of the pinnacles of Chan 's career .
Lee Eun-ha covered the song in Korean as `` Salanghaeyo '' ( ; lit . `` I Love You '' ) in 1986 .
In the 1990s , Sandeep Sapkota 's Nepali version , `` Dance Tonight '' , received constant replay on Nepal 's national television . The song , also modeled on Oginome 's version in the musical structure , was released on Sapkota 's album Ayaam .
( born 1970 ) covered the song in Korean as `` Hwalyeohan Single '' ( ; lit . `` Gorgeous Single Man '' ) in 2003 .
Demon Kakka covered the song in their 2007 cover album Girls Rock Hakurai . Their cover incorporates the lyrics of Oginome 's version .
References
External links
1985 songs
1985 singles
Oricon International Singles Chart number-one singles
Song recordings produced by Ian Levine
David Henderson ( born September 19 , 1942 ) is an American writer and poet . Henderson was a co-founder of the Black Arts Movement in the 1960s . They have been an active member of New York 's Lower East Side art community for more than 40 years . Their work has appeared in many literary publications and anthologies , and they have published four volumes of their own poetry . They are most known for their highly acclaimed biography of rock guitarist , Jimi Hendrix , which they revised and expanded for a second edition which was published in 2009 .
Life and work
David Henderson was born on 19 September 1942 in Harlem , New York . They were raised in Harlem , and attended Bronx Community College , Hunter College and the New School for Social Research . Henderson studied writing , communications and Eastern cultures without ever completing a degree . Their first published poem appeared in the New York newsweekly Black American in 1960 . Henderson became active in the many Black nationalists , arts and anti-war movements , upon moving to the Lower East Side of New York .
Along with other black writers , Henderson founded the Society of Umbra in 1962 .
Henderson worked with the National Endowment for the Humanities , the Free Southern Theatre in New Orleans , and the Teachers and Writers Collaborative at Columbia University . They were poet-in-resident and taught at City College of New York . In the late 60 's and 70 's , they served on the board of directors of the University Without Walls in Berkeley and as artistic consultant to the Berkeley Public Schools while living in California . They also taught English and Afro-American literature at the University of California at Berkeley and San Diego . Later , they taught courses , seminars , and workshops at Long Island University , New York 's New School and St. Mark 's Poetry Project .
Henderson 's poetry has been included in numerous anthologies , including two that were edited by Langston Hughes . They have also contributed to many periodicals including Black American Literature Forum , Black Scholar , Essence , Paris Review , New American Review , Saturday Review , and The New York Times .
Henderson spent over five years researching , interviewing , and writing Jimi Hendrix : Voodoo Child of the Aquarian Age , which was originally published in 1978 . It was condensed and revised as 'Scuse Me While I Kiss the Sky in 1981 . An expanded and revised edition was published in 2009 as 'Scuse Me While I Kiss the Sky -- Jimi Hendrix , Voodoo Child .
Umbra
In 1962 Henderson co-founded Umbra , both a literary collective and literary magazine with other Black writers and artists in New York 's Lower East Side . Henderson began as co-editor and then later became the general editor . Other notable editors and regular contributors to Umbra magazine include Tom Dent , Ishmael Reed , Brenda Walcott , N. H. Pritchard , Askia Toure , Lorenzo Thomas , Al Haynes and Calvin C. Hernton , among others . Nikki Giovanni and Quincy Troupe were also published in Umbra magazine .
Family
Henderson has a son , Imetai Malik Henderson . They married Barbara Christian , the scholar and black feminist critic . Together , they have a daughter , Najuma Ide Christian . Henderson and Christian divorced .
Selected works
Books
Felix of the Silent Forest ( poetry ) , Poets Press , 1967
( Editor ) Umbra Anthology 1967-1968 , Society of Umbra , 1968
De Mayor of Harlem ( poetry ) , Dutton , 1970 ; North Atlantic Books , 1985
( Editor ) Umbra/Latin Soul 1974-1975 , Society of Umbra , 1975
Jimi Hendrix : Voodoo Child of the Aquarian Age , Doubleday , 1978 ; condensed and revised as 'Scuse Me While I Kiss the Sky : The Life of Jimi Hendrix , Bantam , 1981 ; revised and reissued , Omnibus , 2003 .
The Low East , North Atlantic Books , 1980
Neo-California , North Atlantic Books , 1998
Anthologies
New Negro Poets : USA , Indiana University , Press , 1964
Where is Vietnam ? American Poets Respond , Anchor/Doubleday , 1967
Black Fire : An Anthology of Afro-American Writing , Morrow , 1968
The World Anthology : Poems from Saint Mark 's Poetry Project , Bobbs-Merrill , 1969
Poetry of the Negro , 1746-1970 , Doubleday , 1970
Open Poetry : Four Anthologies of Expanded Poems . Simon & Schuster , 1973
Moment 's Notice : Jazz in Poetry & Prose , Coffee House Press , 1993
Trouble the Water : 250 Years of American-American Poetry , Signet , 1997
Recordings
New Jazz Poets , Broadside , 1967
Black Poets IV , Pacifica Tape Library , 1973
Poems : Selections , Library of Congress , 1978
( With Sun Ra ) `` Love in Outer Space , '' The Singles , Evidence , 1996
( With Ornette Coleman ) The Complete Science Fiction Sessions , Columbia/Legacy , 2000
Awards and fellowships
1971 : Great Lakes Colleges Association New Writers Award
1992 : California Arts Council , New Genre Poetry Grant
1998 : Foundation for Contemporary Arts , Grants to Artists award
1999 : New York Foundation for the Arts , Artist Fellowship
References
1942 births
Living people
American male poets
American biographers
American male biographers
Black Arts Movement writers
The 1914 Mississippi College Collegians football team represented Mississippi College as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association during the 1914 college football season . Led by second-year head coach Dana X. Bible , Mississippi College compiled an overall record of 4–3–1 with a mark of 0–1–1 in conference play .
Schedule
References
Mississippi College
Mississippi College Choctaws football seasons
Mississippi College Collegians football
Art 2 Heart is a non-profit organization ( EIN : 06-1685732 ) located in the Kerrville , Texas , United States that offering art , dance , music , song , and theatre programs for children aged 8–14 .
Programs
The Art 2 Heart runs an after school , outreach , and community service program that promote language and literacy growth . The program uses art , dance , drama , poetry and music as education mediums . It uses five character building pillars in the program which are Commitment , Responsibility , Accountability , Vision , and Example ( C.R.A.V.E . ) to accomplish its goals .
History
Art 2 Heart was started in 2003 , founded by Lorraine LeMon . Its office is located in the Doyle School Community Center in Kerrville , Texas .
References
External links
Art 2 Heart Official Website
Non-profit organizations based in Texas
Community-building organizations
Community organizations
Thor Bishopric is a Canadian actor and writer . They are a prominent member of ACTRA .
Bishopric has performed roles in television and film , and provided their voice for animated and puppet productions and several films for The National Film Board of Canada . They were also a writer on several shows and has worked as a voice director on several others .
Bishopric served as National President of ACTRA from 1999 to 2005 .
Bishopric is the twin brother of the late actor and voice actor Kirsten Bishopric who was best known for voicing Zoycite , Emerald , Kaorinite , Telulu and Badiyanu in the original English adaptation of the Sailor Moon series .
Filmography
Live-Action
Blackout
Jacob Two-Two Meets the Hooded Fang
Breaking All the Rules
The Maharaja 's Daughter
Hallmark Hall of Fame
April Morning
The New Alfred Hitchcock Presents
Looking for Miracles
Voice Roles
Saban 's Adventures of Pinocchio
Hans Christian Andersen 's The Little Mermaid
Heavy Metal
C.L.Y.D.E .
Young Robin Hood
Wimzie 's House
For Better or For Worse
Saban 's Adventures of the Little Mermaid
Animal Crackers
Winx Club
The Judy Show
Anna Banana
Kitty Cats
Kid Kidettes
Pig City
Spirou
Fred 's Head
Marsupilami
Pet Pals
My Life Me
Tales from the Cryptkeeper
How the Toys Saved Christmas
Manon
The Big Garage
Woofy
The Real Story of Itsy Bitsy Spider
Flight Squad
Sea Dogs
A Bunch of Munsch
The Country Mouse and the City Mouse Adventures
Bob in a Bottle
The Legend of White Fang
The Little Flying Bears
Ripley 's Believe It or Not !
A Miss Mallard Mystery
Fennec
Wunschpunsch
Arthur
Caillou
Sagwa , the Chinese Siamese Cat
The Secret World of Santa Claus
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
The Little Lulu Show
The Bellflower Bunnies
Papa Beaver 's Storytime
Sandokan
Sharky and George
Miss Pepperpot
Calimero
Cat Tales
Patrol 03
Journey to the West – Legends of the Monkey King .
Lupo Alberto ( season 2 )
2 Nuts and a Richard !
Harvey Girls Forever !
Ollie 's Pack
Writer
Kit and Kaboodle
The Busy World of Richard Scarry
The Little Lulu Show
Young Robin Hood
The Adventures of Paddington Bear
Animal Crackers
Caillou
The Babaloos
Back to Sherwood
The Country Mouse and the City Mouse Adventures
Voice Director
Charley and Mimmo
The Big Garage
Leon in Wintertime
A Cargo in Africa
Pipi , Pupu and Rosemary
Pinocchio
Wushu Warrior
Nelly and Caesar
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Twin people from Canada
Anglophone Quebec people
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian television writers
Canadian people of Icelandic descent
Male actors from Montreal
Canadian male television writers
Canadian voice directors
Writers from Montreal
Homing Head ( ) is a headland at the northeast side of Sally Cove on Horseshoe Island , off Graham Land , Antarctica . It was named by UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1958 ; the name arose because this conspicuous black headland , formed by sheer cliffs high , was treated as an objective by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey sledging parties returning to the Horseshoe Island station .
References
Headlands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Valle del Rosario is a town and seat of the municipality of Rosario , in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua . As of 2010 , the town had a population of 263 .
References
Populated places in Chihuahua ( state )
Maritime and Commercial Court ( Danish : Sø- og Handelsretten ) is a specialized Danish court with jurisdiction over cases involving commercial law and maritime law . It was founded in 1861 .
References
External links
Official website
Organizations based in Copenhagen
1861 establishments in Denmark
Courts in Denmark
Denmark
Courts and tribunals established in 1861
Léolo is a 1992 Canadian coming of age-fantasy film by director Jean-Claude Lauzon . The film tells the story of a young boy named Léo `` Léolo '' Lauzon , played by Maxime Collin , who engages in an active fantasy life while growing up with their Montreal family , and begins to have sexual fantasies about their neighbour Bianca , played by Giuditta del Vecchio . The film also stars Ginette Reno , Pierre Bourgault , Andrée Lachapelle , Denys Arcand , Julien Guiomar , and Germain Houde . Gilbert Sicotte narrates the film as the adult Léolo .
With a story developed by Lauzon as a semi-autobiographical work , the project was supported by producer Lyse Lafontaine as a co-production with France . Filming took place in Montreal and Sicily in 1991 . It was Lauzon 's final film , as they died in a plane crash in 1997 while working on their next project .
Initially released in the 1992 Cannes Film Festival , Léolo won three Genie Awards , including Best Original Screenplay for Lauzon , losing Best Motion Picture to Naked Lunch . It later benefited from a resurgence of interest , leading to critics and filmmakers adding it to the Top 10 Canadian Films of All Time in 2015 . The film also influenced the naming of the movie review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes , when site co-creator Senh Duong decided upon the site name while viewing the film .
Plot
In Mile End , Montreal , Léo Lauzon is a young boy living in a tenement with their dysfunctional family , serving as the unreliable narrator . They use their active fantasy life and the book L'avalée des avalés by Québécois novelist Réjean Ducharme to escape the reality of their life . They feel their father is insane and denies being their son . After having a dream revealing their mother was impregnated after falling into a cart of tomatoes contaminated by an Italian man 's semen , Léo identifies as Italian rather than French Canadian and adopts the name Léolo Lozone .
Growing up in an apartment with a rat in the bathtub , a turkey and a family obsessed with regular bowel movements , Léolo continues to write . Their writings are discovered by the Word Tamer , a reincarnation of Don Quixote who searches through trash for letters and photographs . Léolo observes a neighbouring young woman named Bianca and imagines them singing to them from a closet , emitting a white light . Their grandfather , who Léolo believes attempted to murder them by holding them under a pool , helps them financially and extorts them for sexual favours , revealing their breasts and putting their feet in their mouth . Léolo begins to fantasize about Bianca sexually and discovers masturbation . Meanwhile , their brother Fernand , after being beaten by a bully and failed in a special education class , builds up impressive muscles . The Word Tamer , continuously monitoring Léolo 's thoughts , reads of the boy 's hopes for how Fernand 's muscles will make them invincible . However , upon being confronted by the bully for a second time , Fernand is overwhelmed with fear and is beaten again while Léolo watches in shock .
Finally convinced their grandfather is responsible for all of the family 's troubles , Léolo attempts to lower a noose and hang their grandfather while they are in the bath . Their grandfather sees Léolo doing it and is choked , before finally being freed , with Léolo injured in the process . Léolo subsequently goes to the hospital , where they are told their actions could constitute attempted murder , though they are not charged . Reacting with horror to the ways other boys are pursuing sex , they seek out the services of a prostitute named Regina . Upon later becoming ill , they end up in the same institution where many other members of their family have been treated .
Cast
Themes and interpretations
New York remarked on the classical allusions in the story :
Léolo dreams of Sicily , of sunlight and Greek ruins , and of a slender Italian girl , Bianca , a neighbor , whom they imagine standing on a hill in Taormina singing to him . Léolo is meant to be a modern Dante sitting in one of the dark circles of their hell , and Bianca is their Beatrice .
The story is also related with a `` dreamlike environment '' , with `` choral music '' that evokes `` the possibility of spiritual transcendence '' . Part of the way the narrative shifts from natural to fantasy elements is through the Word Tamer character , who becomes `` an omniscient god-like observer '' . Author Bill Marshall assessed the Word Tamer as one of the benign elders , as opposed to the bad ones , and hypothesized that the Word Tamer 's abode , Federico Fellini 's Cinecittà property , symbolizes the film 's `` exaggerated , grotesque realism '' .
Some Canadian analysis of Léolo has related to possible political symbolism and Quebec 's national identity . In 1992 at the Toronto International Film Festival , programming director Piers Handling called the film an `` epitaph for Quebec '' , in which the title character rejects their Quebecois identity and joins another world by fantasy . Canadian historian George Melnyk remarked that Pierre Bourgault is a prominent Quebec separatist , but is not allowed to say much in the film , which also features the muscular Fernand intimidated by a smaller English Canadian , and non-Quebecois music , concluding the film represented a `` national identity crisis '' . Among the cosmopolitan music uses is Tibetan-style chanting , and songs by The Rolling Stones and Tom Waits . Film scholar Jim Leach wrote that in real life , Lauzon would call themselves a Canadian director , despite contemporary belief Quebec cinema was distinct . In the narration , the setting `` Mile End , Montreal , Canada '' does not mention Quebec , and Léolo 's supposed Italian father refers to the tomatoes as destined for `` America '' rather than Quebec , though they are sold in Montreal . It is also thought the film is set in the late 1950s , in the `` old Quebec '' before the Quiet Revolution .
However , Lauzon denied the film had any political meaning , saying they were not an intellectual , and their film `` does not have the flag draped all over it '' . They also said they had an admiration for the Italian people . Leach questioned if the film is set before the Quiet Revolution , saying if Léolo was born in the 1950s , the 12-year-old character lived in 1965 , and Ducharme 's book seen in the film was published in 1967 . Marshall noted the Ducharme novel would place the story in the 1960s , but argued `` otherwise the feel is 1950s '' .
Production
Development
Director Jean-Claude Lauzon wrote the screenplay , starting it in Sicily while shooting their first film Night Zoo . It served in part as an autobiography , with Lauzon stating they wrote it `` almost in a state of trance '' and was initially unsure how the storyline would develop or end . Before completing high school and going on to study film in university , Lauzon stated they had lived on `` the criminal fringes '' of Montreal streets , and their dark perspective is found in Léolo . André Petrowski , a friend of Lauzon , also claimed the film depicted the `` gross pathology '' of the Lauzon family in a `` very , very personal way '' .
Although Lauzon had offers to shoot Hollywood action films after Night Zoo ( 1987 ) , they instead presented the Léolo script to producer Lyse Lafontaine . Lafontaine stated the screenplay had been rejected by other producers and was difficult to read , but they found it `` magic '' and produced it with Aimée Danis . The film had a $ 5 million budget .
Casting
Singer Ginette Reno was cast as the mother after initially rejecting the role , finding the subject matter was `` too violent and rough '' . They were persuaded to star in the film , believing it might win their new fans , even if others were shocked by it . For the title role , Maxime Collin was cast at age 11 .
For the part of the Word Tamer , who reads Léolo 's writings , Lauzon cast their mentor , university professor Pierre Bourgault . Although in reality Bourgault is a strong proponent of the Quebec sovereignty movement , Lauzon denied they were cast for political reasons . A bodybuilder , Yves Montmarquette , portrayed Fernand for the scenes after the character builds up their muscles .
Lafontaine 's son Mikaël had a small part as a swimmer . The film 's French producers asked Lauzon to use actor Pierre Richard in the film , which they did not .
Filming
The film was shot over 58 days beginning in the fall of 1991 , originally in Montreal . In one scene , Léolo is seen sitting in front of a house , which was where Jean-Claude Lauzon was born . Reno spent three months filming Léolo over the fall of 1991 . A second stage of filming took place briefly in Sicily .
Lafontaine found shooting the film difficult because of Lauzon 's emotional swings , although Reno found them affectionate . Lauzon asserted those who found them too temperamental to work with did not know them well , and they had a history of good relations with film departments . When Lafontaine traveled to Italy with Lauzon , they gave them a letter thanking them for their ineptitude in business , which they considered necessary to make a film with feeling . They kept it as a cherished keepsake .
In one scene , a boy commits an act of bestiality with a tied-down cat . Lauzon initially intended to use a puppet for the cat in a rehearsal , but the actor objected that it would be ridiculous , insisting on a real cat .
Release
The film was entered into the Cannes Film Festival and screened on 17 May 1992 , where it received a standing ovation . At Cannes , Lauzon supposedly told juror Jamie Lee Curtis they wanted to have sex with her , which Los Angeles Times writer Kenneth Turan believed compromised the film 's prospects of winning the Palme d'Or . It was screened at the 1992 Toronto International Film Festival and the New York Film Festival in September 1992 , distributed by Fine Line Features . The film opened in Quebec in June , and in the U.S. in February 1993 . It had a release in 70 countries in total .
After Lauzon was killed in the northern Quebec plane crash in 1997 , CBC Television , Télé-Québec and Showcase aired Night Zoo and Léolo in August , and Serge Losique announced an outdoor screening for Léolo at the Montreal World Film Festival in September . In 2014 , Léolo was selected for a 2K digital restoration for a screening in the Cannes Classics selection of the 2014 Cannes Film Festival . The restoration was carried out by the Elephant project and Cinémathèque québécoise , and it was the first Canadian film screened for Cannes Classics .
Reception
Box office
After opening at Place des Arts in Montreal on June 4 , 1992 , the film made $ 100,000 after its first week . The film had a total of 110,000 admissions in Quebec theatres . In its first weekend in two New York theatres , it made $ 31,009 , which was considered a successful launch .
According to Box Office Mojo , the film finished its run grossing $ 611,703 domestically . It was one of the highest-grossing films worldwide for distributor Alliance Films . It did particularly well in Germany and Spain , while it did not perform well in the U.S .
Critical reception
Canadian critic Brian D. Johnson , writing for Maclean 's , said the film `` elevates Canadian cinema to new heights of creative ambition and achievement '' . Roger Ebert gave the film four stars , writing `` Léolo is an enchanting , disgusting , romantic , depressing , hilarious , tragic movie , and it is quite original- one of the year 's best . I have never seen one like it before '' . Janet Maslin of The New York Times called Léolo `` daring , bracingly original '' and initially `` whimsical '' . Kenneth Turan of The Los Angeles Times praised it as `` extraordinary '' . Peter Brunette of The New York Times wrote `` It 's a bizarre , occasionally upsetting film , but its underlying portrait-of-the-artist-as-a-young-man theme could n't be more classic '' . David Denby of New York magazine panned the film as `` the most maladroit film I 've seen in ages '' .
In 2005 , Time magazine named Léolo one of Time 's All-TIME 100 Movies . That year , Ebert added it to their Great Movies list , writing on `` the deep amusement and even love that Lauzon conveys in their material '' . Ebert also said `` The technical brilliance of the film is astonishing '' . In 2014 , Peter Howell of The Toronto Star , writing on Léolo '' 's screening in Cannes Classics , called the film `` masterful '' , while Bruce Kirkland of The Toronto Sun called it `` brilliantly deranged '' and speculated Lauzon would have enjoyed seeing the film 's revival . Also in 2014 , Turan included Léolo in their book , Not to Be Missed : Fifty-Four Favorites From a Lifetime of Film , citing it as an example of one of the films among the 54 with `` a more limited following '' . The next year , the Toronto International Film Festival placed it fifth in the Top 10 Canadian Films of All Time , regarded as a `` noteworthy '' change in the overall Top 10 , which had been compiled once per decade since 1984 . The Cannes restoration likely led to the resurgence of interest in the film , resulting in the Top 10 addition .
Accolades
The film was selected as the Canadian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 65th Academy Awards , but was not accepted as a nominee . The film was selected for competition for the Palme d'Or at Cannes , and its loss caused critics to accuse the jury of conservative choices .
At the 13th Genie Awards , Léolo received nine nominations and was perceived as being in an unusually tight competition with David Cronenberg 's Naked Lunch . Naked Lunch was considered to have triumphed over Leolo '' on awards night .
See also
List of submissions to the 65th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Canadian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
Bibliography
External links
1992 films
1992 comedy-drama films
Canadian coming-of-age comedy-drama films
Canadian fantasy films
Fiction with unreliable narrators
Films shot in Montreal
Films about dysfunctional families
Films set in Montreal
Films directed by Jean-Claude Lauzon
1990s French-language films
French-language Canadian films
1990s Canadian films
Kyaukme District is a district of northern Shan State in Burma ( Myanmar ) . , it consisted of 9 towns and 1946 villages .
Administrative divisions
, Kyaukme District contained the following townships :
Hsipaw Township
Kyaukme Township
Namtu Township
Nawnghkio Township
Prior to August 2010 , Kyaukme District also included Mantong Township and Namhsan Township , which both were transferred that month to the newly created Pa Laung Self-Administered Zone .
Kyaukme District also consisted of the following townships , which formed to become Mongmit District :
Mabein Township
Mongmit Township
References
Districts of Myanmar
Geography of Shan State
Membrane vesicle trafficking in eukaryotic animal cells involves movement of biochemical signal molecules from synthesis-and-packaging locations in the Golgi body to specific release locations on the inside of the plasma membrane of the secretory cell . It takes place in the form of Golgi membrane-bound micro-sized vesicles , termed membrane vesicles ( MVs ) .
In this process , the packed cellular products are released or secreted outside the cell , across its plasma membrane . On the other hand , the vesicular membrane is retained and recycled by the secretory cells . This phenomenon has a major role in synaptic neurotransmission , endocrine secretion , mucous secretion , granular-product secretion by neutrophils , and other phenomena . The scientists behind this discovery were awarded Nobel prize for the year 2013 .
In prokaryotic , gram-negative bacterial cells , membrane vesicle trafficking is mediated through bacterial outer membrane bounded nano-sized vesicles , called bacterial outer membrane vesicles ( OMVs ) . In this case , however , the OMV membrane is secreted as well , along with OMV-contents to outside the secretion-active bacterium . This different phenomenon has a major role in host-pathogen interactions , endotoxic shock in patients , invasion and infection of animals or plants , inter-species bacterial competition , quorum sensing , exocytosis , and other areas .
Movement within eukaryotic cells
Once vesicles are produced in the endoplasmic reticulum and modified in the golgi body they make their way to a variety of destinations within the cell . Vesicles first leave the golgi body and are released into the cytoplasm in a process called budding . Vesicles are then moved towards their destination by motor proteins . Once the vesicle arrives at its destination it joins with the bi-lipid layer in a process called fusion , and then releases its contents .
Budding
Receptors embedded in the membrane of the golgi body bind specific cargo ( such as dopamine ) on the lumenal side of the vesicle . These cargo receptors then recruit a variety of proteins including other cargo receptors and coat proteins such as clathrin , COPI and COPII . As more and more of these coating proteins come together , they cause the vesicle to bud outward and eventually break free into the cytoplasm . The coating proteins are then shed into the cytoplasm to be recycled and reused .
Motility between cell compartments
For movement between different compartments within the cell , vesicles rely on the motor proteins myosin , kinesin ( primarily anterograde transport ) and dynein ( primarily retrograde transport ) . One end of the motor proteins attaches to the vesicle while the other end attaches to either microtubules or microfilaments . The motor proteins then move by hydrolyzing ATP , which propels the vesicle towards its destination .
Docking and Fusion
As a vesicle nears its intended location , RAB proteins in the vesicle membrane interact with docking proteins at the destination site . These docking proteins bring the vesicle in closer to interact with the SNARE Complex found in the target membrane . The SNARE complex reacts with synaptobrevin found on the vesicle membrane . This forces the vesicle membrane against the membrane of the target complex ( or the outer membrane of the cell ) and causes the two membranes to fuse . Depending on whether the vesicle fuses with a target complex or the outer membrane , the contents of the vesicle are then released either into the target complex or outside the cell .
Examples In eukaryotes
Intracellular trafficking occurs between subcellular compartments like Golgi cisternae and multivesicular endosomes for transport of soluble proteins as MVs .
Budding of MVs directly from plasma membrane as microvesicles released outside the secretory cells .
Exosomes are MVs that can form inside an internal compartment like multivesicular endosome . Exosomes are released eventually due to fusion of this endosome with plasma membrane of cell .
Hijacking of exosomal machinery by some viruses like retroviruses , wherein viruses bud inside multivesicular endosomes and get secreted subsequently as exosomes .
All these types ( 1-4 ) of modes of membrane vesicle trafficking , taking place in eukaryotic cells have been explained diagrammatically .
In prokaryotes
Unlike in eukaryotes , membrane vesicular trafficking in prokaryotes is an emerging area in interactive biology for intra-species ( quorum sensing ) and inter-species signaling at host-pathogen interface , as prokaryotes lack internal membrane-compartmentalization of their cytoplasm . Bacterial membrane vesicles dispersion along the cell surface was measured in live Escherichia coli , commensal bacteria common in the human gut . Antibiotic treatment altered vesicle dynamics , vesicle-to-membrane affinity , and surface properties of the cell membranes , generally enhancing vesicle transport along the surfaces of bacterial membranes and suggesting that their motion properties could be a signature of antibiotic stress .
For more than four decades , cultures of gram negative microbes revealed the presence of nanoscale membrane vesicles . A role for membrane vesicles in pathogenic processes has been suspected since the 1970s , when they were observed in gingival plaque by electron microscopy . These vesicles were suspected to promote bacterial adhesion to the host epithelial cell surface . Their role in invasion of animal host cells in vivo was then demonstrated . In inter-bacterial interactions , OMVs released by Pseudomonas aeruginosa microbes were shown to fuse with outer membrane of other gram negative microbes causing their bacteriolysis ; these OMVs could lyse gram-positive microbes as well . Role of OMVs in Helicobacter pylori infection of human primary antral epithelial cells , as model that closely resembles human stomach , has also been confirmed VacA-containing OMVs could also be detected in human gastric mucosa , infected with H. pylori .. Salmonella OMVs were also shown to have direct role in invasion of chicken ileal epithelial cells in vivo in the year , 1993 ( ref 4 ) and later , in hijacking of defense macrophages into sub-service for pathogen replication and consequent apoptosis of infected macrophages in typhoid-like animal infection . These studies brought the focus on OMVs into membrane vesicle trafficking and showed this phenomenon as involved in multifarious processes like genetic transformation , quorum sensing , competition arsenal among microbes , etc. , and invasion , infection , immuno-modulation , etc. , of animal hosts . A mechanism has already been proposed for generation of OMVs by gram negative microbes involving , expansion of pockets of periplasm ( named , periplasmic organelles ) due to accumulation of bacterial cell secretions and their pinching off as outer membrane bounded vesicles ( OMVs ) on the lines of a 'soap bubble ' formation with a bubble tube , and further fusion or uptake of diffusing OMVs by host/target cells ( Fig . 2 ) .
In conclusion , membrane vesicle trafficking via OMVs of Gram-negative organisms , cuts across species and kingdoms - including plant kingdom - in the realm of cell-to-cell signaling .
See also
Bacterial outer membrane vesicles
Endocytosis
Exocytosis
Host-pathogen interaction
Secretory pathway
Vesicle ( Biology and Chemistry )
Virulence
References
External links
Nobel Prize of year 2013 in Physiology and Medicine - press release http : //www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/medicine/laureates/2013/press.html
Discovery of vesicular exocytosis in prokaryotes https : //www.researchgate.net/publication/230793568_Discovery_of_vesicular_exocytosis_in_prokaryotes_and_its_role_in_Salmonella_invasion ? ev=prf_pub
Membrane biology
Franco Falossi ( born 1 February 1966 ) is an Italian lightweight rower . They won a gold medal at the 1989 World Rowing Championships in Bled with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
1966 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
The of Hankyu Railway is one of the three major commuter heavy rail lines in the Keihanshin conurbation of Japan . It links the urban centres of Osaka and Kobe by connecting the major stations of Umeda in Osaka and Sannomiya in Kobe .
The Hanshin Electric Railway Main Line and West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) Tokaido Main Line ( this section nicknamed JR Kobe Line ) are the two lines parallel to the Hankyu Kobe Line within a short distance of each other .
Definition
The line is commonly called for short , but in the broader sense 'Kobe Line ' refers to the entire network of the trunk Kobe Main Line and connecting branch lines of Itami , Imazu and Kōyō Lines .
Network
At the Kobe end of the line some trains continue through onto the Kobe Rapid Railway , an underground line allowing interchange between the lines of several commuter rail companies operating in Kobe .
The Kobe Main Line has interchanges at several of its stations with other lines operated by Hankyu . The Hankyu main lines to Kyoto and Takarazuka share stations at Umeda and Juso with the Kobe Line . The other lines with connections to the Kobe line are smaller lines with only local trains : the Itami Line connects at Tsukaguchi , the Imazu Line at Nishinomiya-kitaguchi and the Koyo Line at Shukugawa .
History
The Umeda - Juso section was opened in 1910 as part of the Hankyu Takarazuka Line .
The Juso - Oji-Koen section opened as a 1435mm gauge line electrified at 600 VDC in 1920 . In 1926 the line was duplicated , and in 1936 it was extended to Kobe Sannomiya . In 1967 the voltage was increased to 1500 VDC .
Until 1936 , the line 's terminal in Kobe was in Kamitsutsui . As a branch of the main line , the 1 km line between Oji-Koen Station and Kamitsutsui Station continued to provide a connection to the Kobe tram network until 1941 .
The Kobe Main Line was damaged by the Great Hanshin earthquake in January 1995 . Restoration work on the Kobe Line took 7 months to complete .
Station numbering was introduced on 21 December 2013 .
Train services
Regular train services on the lines come in two kinds : the local trains ( 普通 ) which stop at all stations , and the limited express trains ( 特急 ) which stop only at major stations along the line . Other commuter and express services operate only during limited time periods :
Express trains ( 急行 ) are operated from Umeda to Kobe-sannomiya or Nishinomiya-Kitaguchi in the morning on weekdays and every midnight . There is also the only eastbound express train operated from Kobe-sannomiya to Umeda every early morning and the only westbound express train from Umeda to Shinkaichi in the midnight except weekdays .
Rapid Express trains ( 快速急行 ) are operated between Umeda and Kosoku Kobe or Shinkaichi every midnight . There is also the only eastbound rapid express train operated from Shinkaichi for Umeda every early morning .
Commuter Express trains ( 通勤急行 , simply `` Express '' ) are operated on weekdays , from Kobe-sannomiya to Umeda in the morning , and from Umeda to Kobe-sannomiya in the evening and at night .
Commuter Limited Express trains ( 通勤特急 , simply `` Limited Express '' ) are operated in both directions on weekday mornings .
Semi-Express trains ( 準急 ) are operated from Takarazuka to Umeda via the Imazu Line and the Kobe Line on weekday mornings .
Maximum speed : 115 km/h
Stations
● : All trains stop
| : All trains pass
◆ : Extra services to the Imazu Line pass
Rolling stock
1000 series EMU ( from November 2013 )
5000 series EMU
6000 series EMU
7000 series EMU
8000 series EMU
8200 series EMU ( Rush hour only )
9000 series EMU
Former
1000 series EMU ( 1954 )
1010 series EMU
1200 series EMU
2000 series EMU
2200 series EMU
2300 series EMU ( Temporary )
3000 series EMU
5100 series EMU
5200 series EMU
See also
Hankyū Kyōto Main Line
Hankyū Takarazuka Main Line
References
External links
K
Rail transport in Osaka Prefecture
Rail transport in Hyōgo Prefecture
Railway lines opened in 1936
Mahmudabad-e Kohneh ( , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Kohneh ) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 104 , in 23 families .
References
Populated places in Pishva County
In the Fog of the Seasons ' End is a 1972 novel by South African novelist Alex La Guma . Like many of La Guma 's other novels , it is focused on challenging the social systems of apartheid in South Africa . The main character in the novel , Beukes , is an organizer of an anti-apartheid underground . The novel was dedicated to Basil February and other resistance fighters who died in Zimbabwe in 1967 . The novel has been extensively explored as part of marxist literary criticism , while reflecting on La Guma 's marxist political philosophy .
The title comes from the last line of a poem from Conte Saidon Tidiany . The novel was published with only 181 pages , with some critics describing it as merely a novella .
References
20th-century South African novels
1972 novels
Apartheid novels
Works by Alex La Guma
Pnoepyga is a genus of passerines endemic to southern and southeastern Asia . Its members are known as cupwings or wren-babblers . The genus contains four species . The genus has long been placed in the babbler family Timaliidae . A 2009 study of the DNA of the families Timaliidae and the Old World warblers ( Sylviidae ) found no support for the placement of the genus in either family , prompting the authors to erect a new monogeneric family , the Pnoepygidae .
This genus of diminutive passerines has a mostly montane distribution in South and Southeast Asia . The scaly-breasted cupwing is found in the mountainous areas of north India eastwards to southern China and northern Vietnam . The Taiwan cupwing is endemic to Taiwan , and similarly the Nepal cupwing has a restricted distribution , mostly occurring in Nepal ( and also slightly into India ) . The most widespread species is the pygmy cupwing , which occurs from China and India south through Southeast Asia into the Malay Peninsula and Indonesia as far as Flores and Timor .
Species
The genus contains the following four species :
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Galatasaray Judo is the Judo section of Galatasaray S.K. , a major sports club in Istanbul , Turkey . There is also a Judo school in Burhan Felek Sports Complex .
Female judo champion Majlinda Kelmendi became the first Kosovan athlete to win a gold medal at the Olympic Games in 2016 while a member of the Galatasaray team .
Honors
Turkish Championship
Turkish Judo Team Championship :
Winners ( 3 ) : 2011 , 2012 , 2013
1985 :
2006 :
2010 Mümine Demir ( 70 kg )
2010 Derya Çidem ( 48 kg )
Turkish Senior Championship
2007 :
İstanbul Championship
2007 :
International
2014 : European Judo Club Championships 2014
2012 : Galatasaray Judo Team - 2012 European Judo League
2012 : Bayram Ceylan - 2010 European Under 23 age Judo Championships Men 's 73 kg
2010 : Ramila Yusubova - 2010 World Judo Championships Women 's 63 kg
2010 : Kifayat Gasimova - 2010 Judo Grandslam - Tokyo , Japan
2011 : Belkıs Zehra Kaya - 2011 World Cup Women - Rome , Italy October 1–2
External links
Galatasaray SK Official Web Site
References
Galatasaray Judo
Judo organizations
Judo in Turkey
1984 establishments in Turkey
Sport clubs established in 1984
Bruce Alexander Cook ( 1932 – November 9 , 2003 ) was an American journalist and author who also wrote under the pseudonym Bruce Alexander , creating historical novels about a blind 18th-century Englishman and also a 20th-century Mexican-American detective .
Biography
Cook was born in 1932 in Chicago . Their family moved often as a child , their father being a train dispatcher with frequent new assignments . They earned a degree in literature from Loyola University ( Chicago ) .
Their first wife was Catherine Coghlan , with whom they had three children , Catherine ( Katy ) , Bob , and Ceci . They married concert violinist Judith Aller in 1994 .
They served as a translator in the U.S. Army in Frankfurt , Germany , in the late 1950s , and also did public relations work . They joined the editorial staff of the National Observer in Washington D.C. in 1967 , and covered movies , books , and music . When that newspaper folded , they became book editor of USA Today , the Detroit News , and then the Los Angeles Daily News ( from 1984 to 1990 ) . They were a senior editor at Newsweek . In the meantime , they were writing as a free-lance , selling to such publications as the National Catholic Reporter .
They died of a stroke November 9 , 2003 , in Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center , Hollywood , California .
Books
Cook 's first book was a nonfiction work , The Beat Generation , published by Charles Scribner 's Sons in 1971 . A biography of screenwriter Dalton Trumbo followed in 1977 , and in 2015 it was made into a film by the same name . Their first novel was Chicago-based Sex Life , in 1978 .
They wrote four novels featuring Los Angeles detective Antonio `` Chico '' Cervantes — Mexican Standoff , 1988 , Rough Cut , 1990 , Death as a Career Move , 1992 , and Sidewalk Hilton , 1994 . They also wrote a series of novels about the blind magistrate Sir John Fielding , the real-life founder of London 's first police force .
Their later nonfiction works were Listen to the Blues , a musical history , in 1973 ; Brecht in Exile , about the German writer Bertold Brecht , in 1983 ; and The Town That Country Built : Welcome to Branson , Missouri , in 1993 . Their final books , published posthumously , were Young Will : The Confessions of William Shakespeare and a Fielding book , Rules of Engagement , for which their widow and writer John Shannon put on the finishing touches .
< books in order , according to Rehoboth Beach Public Library and Amazon.com editions available to me : [ Note : page counts vary with hard or soft back editions . ] >
1 . `` Blind Justice '' ( 1994 ) 323 pp .
2 . `` Murder in Grub Street '' ( 1995 ) 276 pp .
3 . `` Watery Grave '' ( 1996 ) 265 pp .
4 . `` Person or Persons Unknown '' ( 1997 ) 279 pp .
5 . `` Jack , Knave and Fool '' ( 1998 ) 279 pp .
6 . `` Death of a Colonial '' ( 1999 ) 275 pp .
7 . `` The Color of Death '' ( 2000 ) 279 pp .
8 . `` Smuggler 's Moon '' ( 2001 ) 247 pp .
9 . `` An Experiment in Treason '' ( 2002 ) 324 pp .
10 . `` The Price of Murder '' ( 2003 ) 257 pp .
11 . `` Rules of Engagement '' ( 2005 ) 288 pp . Posthumously published .
References
External links
Author Website
Interview with Tom Nolan in January magazine , fall 1999 .
Fantastic Fiction Author Page
American mystery writers
American historical novelists
Writers of historical fiction set in the modern age
2003 deaths
1932 births
Writers from Chicago
Loyola University Chicago alumni
USA Today people
The Detroit News people
Newsweek people
American male novelists
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from Illinois
Novelists from Michigan
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
20th-century pseudonymous writers
Imma alienella is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Francis Walker in 1864 . It is found on Borneo .
Adults are dark cupreous brown , the forewings with luteous ( muddy-yellow ) marks . There is a short oblique basal streak , a middle band composed of three irregularly triangular spots , an apical triangular spot and some connected marginal points . The hindwings are pale cinereous ( ash gray ) along the costa .
References
Moths described in 1864
Immidae
Moths of Asia
KNOP-TV ( channel 2 ) is an television station in North Platte , Nebraska , United States , affiliated with NBC . It is owned by Gray Television alongside two low-power stations : CBS affiliate KNPL-LD ( channel 10 ) and Class A Fox affiliate KIIT-CD ( channel 11 ) . The three stations share studios on South Dewey Street in downtown North Platte ; master control and some internal operations are based at the facilities of sister station KOLN on North 40th Street in Lincoln . KNOP-TV 's transmitter is located at the site of its former studio on US Route 83 in the northern part of North Platte .
KNEP ( channel 4 ) in Scottsbluff , Nebraska , operates as a semi-satellite of KNOP-TV .
History
KNOP-TV was founded by local investors headed by attorney Rush Clarke and went on-air December 15 , 1958 .
In 1968 , it was purchased by Richard F. Shively , Harold O. Shively and Ulysses Carlini Sr. Richard died on December 4 , 2003 . In 1997 , Shively and Carlini bought KHAS-TV in Hastings , and formed Greater Nebraska Television as a holding company for their television interests .
In 2005 , Greater Nebraska Television sold its stations ( including KNOP-TV ) to Hoak Media .
KNOP started rebroadcasting NBC programming in high definition , and carrying K11TW 's Fox programming on its second digital subchannel , in March 2011 .
KNOP gained national attention in February 2012 for being the only station in the country to air a Will Ferrell-produced Super Bowl commercial for Old Milwaukee beer .
On November 20 , 2013 , Hoak announced the sale of most of its stations , including KNOP-TV and K11TW , to Gray Television . The sale made them sister stations to North Platte CBS affiliate KNPL-LD , a semi-satellite of Gray 's KOLN/KGIN ; it would have also partially separated KNOP from KHAS-TV , which was planned to be sold to Excalibur Broadcasting but be operated by Gray 's KOLN/KGIN and KSNB-TV through a shared services agreement . However , in the wake of heightened FCC scrutiny about local marketing agreements , on June 11 , 2014 , KHAS-TV announced it would leave the air at midnight on June 13 and NBC programming would be moved to KSNB-TV and the digital subcarrier of KOLN/KGIN . The wholesale was completed on June 13 . ( KHAS was ultimately sold to Legacy Broadcasting , the call letters were changed to KNHL , and it returned to the air in June 2015 as a SonLife Broadcasting Network affiliate .
On September 14 , 2015 , Gray announced that it would purchase the television and radio stations owned by Schurz Communications , including Scottsbluff , Nebraska based KDUH-TV ( a satellite of Rapid City 's ABC-affiliated KOTA-TV ) for $ 442.5 million . Gray planned to convert KDUH into a semi-satellite of KNOP-TV , change the station 's call letters to KNEP , and also change KDUH/KNEP 's city of license to Sidney , Nebraska ( which will move it from the Cheyenne–Scottsbluff market to the Denver market , eliminating an ownership conflict with KSTF , a Gray-owned , Scottsbluff-based semi-satellite of Cheyenne , Wyoming-based CBS affiliate KGWN-TV ) . The sale approved by the FCC on February 12 , 2016 , and was completed on February 16 . The FCC approved the change of station 's city of license on May 16 . KNEP 's NBC feed for the Nebraska Panhandle ( which is branded as `` NBC Nebraska Scottsbluff '' and produces its own newscasts ) signed on May 5 , 2016 . The station formerly aired KOTA-TV programming on its DT1 channel until 2020 .
Newscasts
KNOP-TV presently broadcasts 17 hours of locally produced newscasts each week ( with three hours each weekday and one hour each on Saturdays and Sundays ) . The station also produces 2½ hours of weekly news programming each for CBS and Fox affiliated sister stations KIIT-CD and KNPL-LD . Between the three stations , the news operation produces about 22 hours of news programming each week .
Technical information
Subchannels
The station 's digital signal is multiplexed :
Analog-to-digital conversion
KNOP-TV shut down its analog signal , over VHF channel 2 , on February 10 , 2009 . The station 's digital signal relocated from its pre-transition UHF channel 22 to VHF channel 2 for post-transition operations .
References
External links
Television channels and stations established in 1958
1958 establishments in Nebraska
NBC network affiliates
Gray Television
NOP-TV
Congo is a village in Douglass Township , Montgomery County . Congo is located at the intersection of Hoffmansville Road and Congo Road northeast of Boyertown . It is drained by the Swamp Creek into the Perkiomen Creek and uses the Barto ZIP Code of 19504 .
Name origin
The village was named Cedarville until the 1880s , when the US Post Office decided to rename it due to the existence of at least three other Pennsylvania post offices with `` cedar '' in their names . The Congo Basin was in the news at the time due to conflicting European claims and measures to settle them . While the Congo post office closed around 1925 , the name has remained with the community ever since .
References
Unincorporated communities in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Madhupur National Park ( ) is a major and one of the earliest national park in Bangladesh .
Description
Madhupur National Park covers an area of . The Forest was established as a national park by the Bangladesh government in 1962 but , was officially declared as National park in 1982 under the Bangladesh wildlife ( Preservation ) Amendment Act of 1947 . The park is located at Madhupur Upazila , Tangail District in the North region of the country . It is about away from Dhaka . The local topography mainly consists of flat topped ridges ( Chalas ) intersected by numerous depressions ( Baids ) . The park is easily accessible by the road throughout the year . The park is a famous tourist spot due to the natural and scenic beauty .
Climate
The climate is generally moderate . The temperature rises up to 37 °C in May and drops down to minimum 10 °C in January . The park enjoys tropical Monsoon from June to September every year . The soil is loamy , clay and sandy loam at various places . The altitude rises to above mean sea level .
Biodiversity
The national park is rich in wildlife and plant diversity .
Flora
The general walk in the forest is easy due to the flat terrain . About 40 % of the forest area is covered with Sal ( Shorea robusta ) trees . Madhupur forests are considered one of the best sal forest in entire Bangladesh . The sal trees grow in association with Dillenia pentagyna , Lagerstroemia parviflora , Adina cordifolia , Miliusa velutina , Lannea grandis , Albizia spp. , Bauhinia variegata , Spondias mangifera , Butea frondosa and Barringtonia acutangula . The undergrowth is shrubby , which includes Eupatoriun odoratum , Pennisetum setosum , Asparagus racemosus and Rauvolfia serpentina . Plantations of Teak Tectona grandis , Cassia siamea , Morus spp. , Terminalia arjuna and Syzygium cumini were made in the park area . 176 plant species were identified in the park , which include 73 tree species , 22 shrub species , 27 climbers , 45 medicinal plants , 8 grasses and 1 palm species .
Fauna
Since long back , Madhupur forest was rich in wildlife and was famous for tigers . The fauna consists of 190 species which include 21 mammals , 140 birds , and 29 snakes .
Human settlement
There is large human habitation inside and along the National park area . Some 4500 Garo tribals were allowed for the settlement inside the park in 1968.in 1989 the human population was about 14,000 . Mainly paddy is cultivated in plains and pineapple and cassava is cultivated as a commercial crop on higher lands .
See also
List of protected areas of Bangladesh
References
National parks of Bangladesh
Forests of Bangladesh
Lower Gangetic Plains moist deciduous forests
Zimmi may refer to :
Dhimmi
Zimmi , Sierra Leone
Bright Orange for the Shroud ( 1965 ) is a sixth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald . The plot follows McGee as they attempt to salvage the money of friend Arthur Wilkinson after the man is defrauded in a semi-legal confidence scheme involving a land deal .
Plot
While enjoying another installment of their `` retirement , '' Travis McGee is visited by Arthur Wilkinson , who had briefly been part of McGee 's circle before leaving to get married . Wilkinson is in terrible physical condition , and collapses as they reach McGee 's boat . With the help of Chookie , who dated Wilkinson for a time , McGee learns that Wilkinson has been bankrupted by a land development scheme in which the partners kept demanding greater and greater shares until Wilkinson 's bank account was empty and they were heavily in debt to their friends . They also endured a savage beating from the gang 's muscle , a rustic psychopath named Boone Waxwell , and was twice jailed and disgraced on fraudulent charges arranged by the gang .
After spending several weeks nursing Arthur back to health , McGee scouts out the lower-level conspirators and forms a guarded friendship with Vivian Crane , whose husband 's law practice has been ruined by rumors of their participation in the scam . McGee also pays a visit to Waxwell at their backwoods home , and barely manages to get away whole after besting Waxwell in a vicious brawl .
McGee determines that the only money remaining from Wilkinson 's inheritance is the remainder of Waxwell 's share , which is buried in jars around Waxwell 's house . Before they can execute the plan , however , Waxwell gets the drop on them outside Vivian Crane 's house and leaves them in the back of their car . McGee manages to crawl to a hiding place , where they overhear Waxwell raping Vivian . Waxwell flees the scene when they discover McGee is missing . McGee goes into the house and finds Vivian has committed suicide with a pistol after killing their husband , who lay in a drunken stupor during their rape . McGee alters the crime scene to create the impression that Waxwell killed both Vivian and their husband , then phones in an anonymous report to the police .
Waxwell , now the target of a statewide manhunt , flees into the swamps . McGee recovers a substantial amount of money from Waxwell 's hiding places . Waxwell , by chance , boards the houseboat and holds them at bay with a gun . After a long , tense period in which it becomes likely that Waxwell plans to kill them all after getting clear of the dragnet , the three manage to get the gun away from Waxwell , who accidentally impales themselves on a cypress stump while jumping clear of the houseboat . The three leave their body to be discovered by searchers while McGee recovers a last portion of cash from Waxwell 's belongings . McGee plans the money as a wedding gift for Chookie and Wilkinson .
Themes
As with all of the Travis McGee novels , the title includes a color that is referenced in the narrative . This book 's title refers to the orange bathrobe Vivian Crane puts on before killing herself . McGee comments that this color is not appropriate for death because it is so lifelike .
References
1965 American novels
Novels about rape
Travis McGee ( novel series )
Bombai Ka Babu ( English : Gentleman from Bombay ) is a 1960 Hindi film directed by Raj Khosla and written by Rajinder Singh Bedi . The film stars Dev Anand and Suchitra Sen in a rare appearance in Hindi cinema .
Though the film was a thriller , it treads into rare Hindi film territory by hinting at incest between the lead pair .
Except for the `` brother-sister '' angle , the plot of Bombai Ka Babu is inspired by O. Henry 's short story , `` A Double-Dyed Deceiver '' . The 1974 movie Zameer starring Amitabh Bachchan and Saira Banu was also based on the same story .
With classic songs such as `` Chal Ri Sajni , Ab Kya Soche '' , by Mukesh , and `` Deewana Mastana Hua Dil '' by Mohd . Rafi and Asha Bhosle , the film was a musical masterpiece , with music by S. D. Burman and lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri . Raj Khosla was also the director of Dev Anand 's suspense thrillers like C.I.D . ( 1956 ) and Kala Pani ( 1958 ) .
Initially , Madhubala was the choice for playing the female lead , but they had to withdraw owing to their poor heart condition .
Plot
Babu and Malik are two inseparable friends who live in a small town in India . One day , they decide to play a prank and steal something , but get caught . While Malik 's dad came to bail out and stand as surety for him , Babu has no one to do so and ends up in the juvenile centre . When the two grow up , Malik becomes a police inspector , while Babu takes to crime and ends up in jail . When they are released from the jail , they go to meet their partner-in-crime , Bali , and together they start planning the next heist . Malik meets Babu and tells them to straighten their ways . But Babu had already tried that and ended up being falsely accused of stealing a necklace belonging to their employer 's wife . Nevertheless , Babu does inform Bali that they will not be taking part in any crime . Thereafter , Bali and their men are arrested and they blame Babu for ratting on them . Bali is released on bail . When Babu meets him , an argument ensues leading to a fight and Bali is killed . A fearful Babu flees Bombay and lands up in Jogendra Nagar in Northern India , where they meet a man named Bhagat who asks them to masquerade as Kundan , the sole heir of a wealthy man named Shahji . When Babu refuses , Bhagat threatens to notify the police . Babu becomes Kundan and makes their way into the hearts of Shahji , their wife Rukmani and daughter Maya . Babu gets enough cash to pay off Bhagat in small instalments , but Bhagat becomes greedy and wants Babu to steal all the cash and jewellery and abscond . Babu is reluctant to steal from the kind people . To make matters worse , they have fallen in love with Maya - apparently their `` sister '' . Caught between a rock and a hard place - no matter what move Babu makes - they will surely end up trapping themselves - not only with Bhagat , but with their newfound family as well as the police - who are now hot on their trail .
Cast
Dev Anand as Babu / Kundan
Suchitra Sen as Maya
Nazir Hussain as Shahji
Dhumal as Munim
Achala Sachdev as Rukmani
Rashid Khan as Bhagat
Jagdish Raj as Bali
Tun Tun as guest appearance in song Tak Dhoom Baje
Bela Bose as Maya 's Friend
Songs
Music : S. D. Burman ; Lyrics : Majrooh Sultanpuri .
Trivia
In the opening sequences , one can hear the classical songs 'Dil se milake dil pyar kijiye ' from the movie Taxi Driver ( 1954 film ) and ' O dilwale ' playing in the background .
References
External links
Films scored by S. D. Burman
1960 films
1960s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Raj Khosla
St. Matthew United Methodist High School is a high school in Liberia . It was founded in 1969 by The United Methodist Church in Liberia .
References
Schools in Liberia
Educational institutions established in 1969
Gertrude Alice Lamb-Richmond ( ; August 5 , 1931 – April 26 , 2021 ) was an American educator and author belonging to the Schaghticoke Tribal Nation . They were involved in Native American educational and political issues .
Biography
Lamb-Richmond was born on August 5 , 1931 in Bridgeport , Connecticutas the eldest daughter of Margaret ( née Cogswell ) and John Ray Jr . They were raised in the Schaghticoke reservation in northwestern Connecticut , Them storytelling and teachings are shared among other tribal members in southern New England .
A graduate of Long Island University with a master 's degree in Anthropology from the University of Connecticut and a master 's in Education from the Bank Street College of Education , Richmond was a Native storyteller who frequently gave seminars in Ledyard , Connecticut , and elsewhere in New England . They served as Director of Public Programs for the Mashantucket Pequot Museum & Research Center , on the Mashantucket Pequot Reservation , and was the Director of Education for the Public Programs for the Institute for American Indian Studies in Washington , Connecticut from 1988 to 1993 and its assistant director from 1993 to 1996 . In 1974 , they co-founded American Indians for Development ( A.I.D . ) , serving as its Assistant Director until 1986 . In 1987 the Governor of Connecticut ( William O'Neill ) , appointed Richmond to a task force on Native American issues . Richmond was also a member of the Connecticut Indian Affairs Council ( C.I.A.C . ) from 1974 to 1985 , and served on the Native American Heritage Committee as a legislative appointee .
In 2010 , Richmond retired as the Director of Public Programs at the Mashantucket Pequot Museum and Research Center after fifteen years .
They died aged 89 on April 26 , 2021 in the home of their daughter Erin Lamb-Meeches .
Awards
The First People 's Fund Community Spirit awarded Trudie Lamb Richmond for their lifetime work as an educator and Native storyteller .
Literary works
Additionally , Richmond has consulted and collaborated with a number of scholars , including Lucianne Lavin , Amy Den Ouden , and Russell Handsman They have also published many essays of their own , relating to their tribal heritage .
Books
The Spirit of the Drum ( 1986 ) and Perspectives :
Authentic Voices of Native Americans ( 1996 ) .
With fellow tribal member Ruth Garby Torres , they edited the Schaghticoke section of Dawnland Voices : Writing from Indigenous New England '' ( 2014 ) , in which their essay on Schaghticoke elder and culture keeper Eunice Mauwee ( 1756-1860 ) appears .
Video Links
Native Storytelling
Schaghticoke Rally and Protest , Jan. 29 , 2009 in Hartford CT
Mashantucket Pequot Museum , 2010
Social media
Trudie Lamb Richmond Facebook page
See also
Schaghticoke Tribal Nation
Truman Bradley ( Native American )
Kent , Connecticut
References
External links
Schaghticoke Tribal Nation
Institute for American Indian Studies
Mashantucket Pequot Museum & Research Center
Ct. Dept . of Environmental Protection - Ct. Indian Affairs Council
Schaghticoke Tribe
Algonquian peoples
Native American academics
Native American women academics
American women academics
Bank Street College of Education alumni
Native American people from Connecticut
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Schaghticoke tribe
People from Bridgeport , Connecticut
1931 births
2021 deaths
My Big Friggin ' Wedding is a reality show airing on VH1 . It follows 5 New Jersey couples as they prepare for their wedding .
Couples
Sandra Venturi and Joey Cimino
Tammie and Danny
Alyssa and Tyler
Matt Rawlins and Amanda Perello
Megin Klunck and Johnny `` Meatballs '' DeCarlo
References
2010 American television series debuts
Television shows set in New Jersey
Television shows filmed in New Jersey
English-language television shows
VH1 original programming
2010s American reality television series
Gerhard Olschewski ( born 30 May 1942 ) is a German actor . They have appeared in more than 90 films and television shows since 1966 . They starred in the 1976 film A Lost Life , which was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival , where they won the Silver Bear for Best Actor .
Selected filmography
A Lost Life ( 1976 )
Petty Thieves ( 1977 )
Der Geist der Mirabelle ( 1978 , TV film )
( 1979 )
High Society Limited ( 1982 )
( 1983 )
( 1984 )
The Black Cannon Incident ( 1985 )
Der Landarzt ( 1987-2013 , TV series , 241 episodes )
Hate in the Head ( 1994 , TV film )
Hallo Robbie ! ( 2001-2009 , TV series , 67 episodes )
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
People from Olecko County
People from East Prussia
German male film actors
20th-century German male actors
21st-century German male actors
German male television actors
Silver Bear for Best Actor winners
German Film Award winners
Thomas Marion Dodd ( born August 15 , 1958 ) is an American former professional baseball player . They had a short two-week stint in the major leagues with the 1986 Baltimore Orioles , but is likely best remembered for being one of the players included in the deal that brought Fred McGriff to the Toronto Blue Jays as a minor league prospect .
Yankee farmhand
A highly touted prospect himself , Dodd was drafted by the Oakland Athletics out of the University of Oregon in the second round of the 1979 Major League Baseball draft , but did not sign . A year later , they were drafted by the New York Yankees in the first round ( seventh overall ) of the secondary phase of the 1980 Major League Baseball draft .
Dodd was an outfielder when they joined the Fort Lauderdale Yankees in , though they played some first base and catcher during their minor league career as well . In , Dodd hit 29 home runs and had 95 runs batted in as a member of the Greensboro Hornets .
McGriff deal
Early in the season , he , fellow Yankees farmhand Jeff Reynolds and first baseman Dave Revering were traded to the Toronto Blue Jays for John Mayberry . After the season , the Yankees reacquired Dodd and relief pitcher Dale Murray for Fred McGriff , Dave Collins and Mike Morgan . Third baseman Graig Nettles was also supposed to be included in the deal , but when the Jays refused to give them a hefty bonus , the Yankees included cash in the deal to compensate .
MLB debut
The Yankees released Dodd the following May . Shortly afterwards , they signed with the Chicago White Sox , with whom they remained through the season . The ChiSox released them just before the start of the minor league season . They signed with the Baltimore Orioles , and batted .300 for the first time in their career for the Orioles ' Southern League and Carolina League affiliates .
Dodd 's best season was , when they batted .306 with thirty home runs for the Charlotte O 's and Rochester Red Wings . Along the way , they earned a promotion to the big league club . They made their major league debut on July 25 , drawing a walk in their only at-bat .
They entered seven games as a pinch hitter , remaining in one at third base , despite the fact that they had made very few appearances as a third baseman in their minor league career . They hit their only major league home run in their only major league start on August 1 when manager Earl Weaver used Dodd as their designated hitter against the Toronto Blue Jays .
Despite hitting a career high and team-record 37 home runs for the Charlotte O 's in , Dodd never returned to the majors . They spent three more seasons in the Kansas City Royals ' and Seattle Mariners farm systems before retiring . In their final season as a pro , Dodd led the Pacific Coast League in RBI with 114 for the Calgary Cannons .
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from Portland , Oregon
Benson Polytechnic High School alumni
Calgary Cannons players
Charlotte O 's players
Fort Lauderdale Yankees players
Glen Falls White Sox players
Greensboro Hornets players
Hagerstown Suns players
Knoxville Blue Jays players
Major League Baseball third basemen
Nashville Sounds players
Omaha Royals players
Rochester Red Wings players
Oregon Ducks baseball players
The 1993–94 Detroit Red Wings season saw the Red Wings finish in first place in the Central Division with a record of 46 wins , 30 losses , and 8 ties for 100 points . They were eliminated in the first round of the playoffs by the San Jose Sharks in seven games .
Offseason
Regular season
The Red Wings led the NHL in goals ( 356 ) , even-strength goals ( 249 ) , short-handed goals ( 22 ) and shots on goal ( 2,990 ) . Four Red Wings reached the 30-goal plateau and six reached the 70-point plateau . On Friday , February 11 , 1994 , the Red Wings scored three short-handed goals in a 6-3 win over the Philadelphia Flyers .
Final standings
Playoffs
The Red Wings , having finished 1st in the Western Conference and first in the NHL in scoring , were heavily favored to win in their first-round matchup against the eighth-seeded San Jose Sharks , who were making their first playoff appearance in franchise history . Despite outshooting San Jose 218–153 and outscoring them 27–21 in the series , the Red Wings were upset in seven games for the second consecutive playoff year ; in Game 7 , played on April 30 , 1994 , the Sharks edged the Wings 3–2 to advance to the second round .
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Playoffs
Scoring
Goaltending
Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts = Points ; +/- = Plus-minus PIM = Penalty minutes ; PPG = Power-play goals ; SHG = Short-handed goals ; GWG = Game-winning goals ;
MIN = Minutes played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; GA = Goals against ; GAA = Goals-against average ; SO = Shutouts ; SA=Shots against ; SV=Shots saved ; SV % = Save percentage ;
Awards and honors
Draft picks
Detroit 's draft picks at the 1993 NHL Entry Draft held at the Quebec Coliseum in Quebec City , Quebec .
References
Red Wings on Hockey Database
D
D
Detroit Red Wings seasons
Detroit Red Wings
Detroit Red Wings
The R471 road is a regional road in Ireland , located in County Clare .
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Clare
Jean Fournier may refer to :
Jean Fournier ( sport shooter ) , French sport shooter
Jean Alfred Fournier , French dermatologist
The Rice Farm Road Bridge is a historic bridge in Dummerston , Vermont . It is an iron Warren through truss , spanning the West River between Vermont Route 30 and Rice Farm Road . Built in 1892 , it is one of the state 's oldest surviving metal truss bridges . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 .
Description and history
The Rice Farm Road Bridge is located in a rural area of central Dummerston , a short way north of Stickney Brook Road and south of West Dummerston . Vermont Route 30 in this area is on the west bank of the West River , while Rice Farm Road and Quarry Road are located on its eastern bank . The bridge is oriented east–west and is mounted on rough stone abutments that appear to be scrap material from a nearby granite quarry . The bridge trusses are long , with a roadway width of ( one lane ) , and a portal clearance height of . The bridge is typically above the river .
The bridge was built in 1892 by the Berlin Iron Bridge Company , a leading bridge builder in New England of the period . The trusses used in the bridge are a variant of the Warren truss known as the Hilton or quadruple-intersection truss , which is more commonly seen on railroad bridges and was not widely used for roads . The bridge joints are also riveted , rather than the Berlin Company 's more typical use of pins . In this case , its ability to carry heavy loads was needed because it was built primarily to service the granite quarry of George E. Lyon , located on the east side of the river . The bridge is also one of the longer ones produced by the company and was highlighted in its catalog .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Windham County , Vermont
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
References
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
Bridges completed in 1892
Bridges in Windham County , Vermont
Buildings and structures in Dummerston , Vermont
National Register of Historic Places in Windham County , Vermont
Iron bridges in the United States
Warren truss bridges in the United States
Pietro Pegollo ( born 27 May 1993 ) , is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Camaiore .
Career
Ahead of the 2019/20 season , Pegollo joined Camaiore Calcio ASD .
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Italian expatriate footballers
Italian footballers
Association football forwards
Carrarese Calcio players
U.S. Massese 1919 players
Dalry Thistle F.C . players
Serie D players
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Valentine is a Canadian chain of over 100 privately owned restaurant franchises operating in the province of Quebec , Canada . In September 2010 it became a subsidiary of MTY Food Group which purchased the brand rights for $ 9.3 million .
History
The first restaurant opened in 1979 in Saint-Hyacinthe , Quebec . A few years later , its founder , Jean-Pierre Robin , opened a second restaurant in Saint-Hyacinthe in order to meet the demand for its `` famous hot-dogs '' .
The chain 's success increases and becomes a turning point : the brothers opt for franchising as the company 's mode of functioning for its future restaurants . As time passes , more franchises are bought and restaurants open throughout Quebec . During the 1990s , the chain underwent a major renewal plan in which the restaurants ' design changed along with the company 's colours .
The company 's fare is typical Canadian fast food , such as burgers , fries , sandwiches and poutine . The company employs humor in its advertising . It offers an app that records footsteps . After 10,000 steps , the user is eligible for a poutine .
References
Fast-food chains of Canada
Restaurants established in 1979
1979 establishments in Quebec
Companies based in Saint-Hyacinthe
During the first Samoan Civil War from 1888 to 1894 German warships bombed and destroyed a large amount of villages loyal to Mata'afa Iosefo . The Samoans were outraged leading to the First Battle of Vailele which occurred on 18 December 1888 at the German plantation of Vailele . around 150 German marines were sent to vailele to try to disarm the Samoan Mata'afan forces . They walked right into an ambush set up by an unknown number of Samoan mata afan warriors . 55 German marine were slaughtered by forces loyal to Mata'afa Iosefo . many of the Germans who were killed in Vailele were later found with there heads missing from there bodies.On the same day the Samoans also attacked the Germen plantations at Fagali ' i killing 57 German marines . The Samoans also began burning and destroying the German property on the plantations in retaliation of the destroyed villages . These clashes with the Samoans rather upset all the previous European assumptions about the Samoan power of resistance . Confused German officers were surprised that the Samoans attacked German troops , they were also shocked at the ruthlessness and savagery the Samoans had shown in battle .
A memorial for the Germans killed at the battles was erected in a ceremony presided over by the commander of the unprotected cruiser .
See also
Second Battle of Vailele
Notes
References
Hempestall , Peter L. ; Mochida , Paula Tanaka ( 2005 ) The Lost Man : Wilhelm Solf in German History . Otto Harrassowitz Verlag .
First Samoan Civil War
1888 in Samoa
Tuamasaga
German Samoa
Battles involving Germany
Ambushes
The Olympic Sports Park Swim Stadium was a venue used for the diving , swimming , water polo , and the swimming portion of the modern pentathlon events for the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam .
The swimming basin was made of reinforced concrete that was 50 m long by 18 m wide with the deepest part near the diving area at 5 m. Stands were erected at both sides with one of them at most accommodating 6000 spectators . There were 20 men 's and 16 women 's dressing rooms .
A temporary structure , it was demolished following the Olympics in 1929 .
References
1928 Summer Olympics official report . pp . 193 , 205–9 , 277 .
Venues of the 1928 Summer Olympics
Defunct sports venues in the Netherlands
Olympic diving venues
Olympic modern pentathlon venues
Olympic swimming venues
Olympic water polo venues
Sports venues in Amsterdam
Sports venues completed in 1928
1928 establishments in the Netherlands
Cai Shengliu ( born 1 April 1956 ) is a Chinese water polo player . They competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
1956 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1978 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1978 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
The 1940 William & Mary Indians football team represented William & Mary during the 1940 college football season .
Schedule
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
The Minister of Finance is the head of the Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs of the Government of Tanzania .
List of Ministers
The following have served the ministry :
Parties
References
Charles Stewart ( born June 26 , 1971 ) , better known as Chali 2na , is an American painter and rapper , associated with the groups Jurassic 5 and Ozomatli . They are known for their bass-baritone and quick delivery rapping style .
Personal life
Early life
As a young boy , Stewart moved to South Central Los Angeles , where the group Jurassic 5 was formed in 1993 . They were raised by their grandmother , a practicing Christian , they later converted to Islam . Their stage name is a reference to Charlie the Tuna , the deep-voiced animated mascot of StarKist Tuna . They and Cut Chemist became friends in high school . Together with Mark 7even , they were part of a three-man group called Unity Committee . The Unity Committee crew would often spend Thursday nights performing at the Good Life Café , where rappers and spoken word poets showed off their skills in an open mic format . They were , along with another three-person troupe called the Rebels of Rhythm , routinely chosen as the crowd 's favorite performers . The two crews also appreciated one another 's styles , and they teamed to record a 12 '' single , `` Unified Rebelution '' , in 1995 . The Rebels of Rhythm were MCs Akil and Daakir ( also known as Soup ) ; the men banded together to form Jurassic 5 . In 2006 , Cut Chemist elected to split from the group to pursue a solo career , and the Jurassic 5 group split up altogether in 2007 .
They are a founding member of the activist salsa funk band Ozomatli ; although no longer an official member ( having been replaced as resident MC by Jabu of 4th Avenue Jones ) , they continue to collaborate with them on occasion and maintains their friendships with them . Along with salsa , their music and theirs have been influenced by reggae and soul music ; they are also a fan of house music .
Music career
Jurassic 5
They are a founding member of Jurassic 5 , which boasted in the song `` Improvise '' that the four MCs sounded like one .
Solo album
Fish Market , an official mix tape , was compiled and released October 25 , 2004 .
`` Do n't Stop '' , the would-be first single from Fish Outta Water , appeared in January 2006 . It showcased 2na 's familiar rapid-fire flow ; in its lyrics , 2na professed their dedication to hip hop culture , insulting rappers who neglect to pay proper respect to pioneers like Kool Herc and Afrika Bambaataa . They also spoke deferentially of Tupac Shakur .
`` Do n't Stop '' 's chorus was sung by neo-soul artist Anthony Hamilton . It was featured in the soundtrack of the video game NBA Live 06 . A second Chali 2na solo song , `` The anchorman '' , was featured on the Dan The Automator-curated soundtrack to the latest installment in the game series , NBA 2K7 . Another song , `` Something Different '' , was also featured on the All-Pro Football 2K8 soundtrack .
Five years after Fish Market , a solo album , titled Fish Outta Water , was released . The album received generally positive reviews , holding a score of 70 on Metacritic . 2na delves into some of the formative experiences in their life , including a tragic incident in which their cousin , Be-Be , was killed in the 2003 E2 nightclub stampede . Collaborators on the album include Beenie Man ( with whom they recorded `` International '' ) , Raphael Saadiq , their longtime friend Rakaa Iriscience , Talib Kweli , Anthony Hamilton , Damian Marley and Ming Xia ( on the final track 4 Be Be ) .
Another mixtape was released in 2010 , Fish Market Part 2 . Much like the first Fish Market album , this is mainly filled with collaborations 2na has completed throughout their career with famous artists such as Linkin Park .
In an interview with Mr. Wavvy , 2na revealed that they have a series of 5 EPs prepped for the near future .
Chali 2na 's song `` Step Yo Game Up '' was featured in a popular video game in 2012 called Sleeping Dogs .
Collaborations
Chali 2na collaborated several times with fellow MCs . Many , but not all of their featured guest appearances are cataloged on the Fish Market albums , mixtapes they released to give their collaborations to `` people [ who ] might not have wanted to buy that album just to hear that song or whatever . ''
They are a good friend of and frequent collaborator with British hip hop star Roots Manuva , having worked with them on a number of songs ( including `` Revolution 5 '' , which appears on Fish Market and Dub Come Save Me , and `` Join The Dots '' , which appears on Roots Manuva 's second proper album , Run Come Save Me ) . They have also referenced their friend in the lyrics .
They have worked with Linkin Park on the song `` Frgt/10 '' and the skit `` Chali '' from the 2002 album Reanimation . The song was also featured on Fish Market . They worked with Ozomatli on their first album and toured with New Orleans funk band Galactic . They are also featured on Galactic 's 2007 release From the Corner to the Block on the cut `` Think Back '' .
They collaborated with Blackalicious on their 2002 album `` Blazing Arrow '' on the track `` 4000 Miles , alongside Lateef the Truthspeaker .
2na appears alongside fellow Jurassic 5 MC , Akil , on the track `` We know something you do n't know '' on the 2003 album `` Music for the Mature B-Boy '' by UK artist DJ Format .
Fatlip 's 2005 `` Today 's Your Day ( Whachagonedu ) '' from the acclaimed album The Loneliest Punk features a verse from 2na .
Chali 2na was also featured on Lyrics Born 's Everywhere at Once album , performing on `` Hott 2 Deff '' . Lyrics Born was also the MC for The Deadliest Catch Tour 2009 . This hip-hop tour featured Chali 2na , Gift of Gab and Mr. Lif .
On K'naan 's 2009 album , Troubadour , Chali was featured on `` America '' together with Mos Def .
Chali 2na appears on the song The People Tree , which is track 2 on N.A.S.A . ( musical group ) 's 2009 album The Spirit of Apollo .
On Long Beach Dub Allstars 2001 album Wonders of the World Chali was featured on `` Life Goes On '' also featuring Half-Pint , Ives ( of Delinquent Habits ) , and Tippa Irie .
In 2008 Chali 2Na recorded with Ditch for Ditch 's CD `` Public Intoxication '' on the song `` All Comes Down To Money '' which they co-wrote with Ditch .
Furthermore , Chali 2Na recorded a track together with Dutch rap artist Jerome XL in 2008 . The track `` King Sh # t '' was released on JXL 's solo debut album The Last Day in the first quarter of 2010 .
In June 2010 , British dubstep star Rusko released a collaboration with Chali 2na entitled `` Gadget GoGo '' . The track was released as a bonus track to accompany the release of Rusko 's debut solo record OMG . The track was also featured on Fish Market , Part 2 .
Most recently , Chali 2na appeared on the track `` Break in the Glass '' from the album `` Ways of the World '' , the 2019 release from the alternative-reggae band , The Movement .
Chali 2na appeared on the track `` Speaking in Tongues '' from the album `` Drinking From the Sun '' , the 2012 release from Australian hip-hop artists Hilltop Hoods .
Chali 2na featured on the song `` Get Original '' on the Black Eyed Peas album `` Bridging the Gap '' released in 2000 .
In 2012 , they featured on the remix of `` Dreamers '' by British hip-hop duo Rizzle Kicks .
In 2012 , they featured in Slightly Stoopid 's track `` Just Thinking '' on their album , `` Top of the World '' .
In 2014 , they guest starred in Epic Rap Battles of History , portraying famous scientist Neil deGrasse Tyson .
In 2015 , they were featured on the song `` Love Is Killing Me '' by Savoy , which was released on Monstercat .
In 2016 , they collaborated with Canadian electro-funk band The Funk Hunters for a 5-song EP titled ILLectric , released through Westwood and also with Australian beatbox/ loop station specialist dub FX on two tracks : `` in another life '' - which is a reworking of their track love 's gon na getcha , and `` the sky '' which is with dub princess as well as dub FX .
2017 saw a partnership with Krafty Kuts , the English DJ and this has seen the release of two tracks `` It Ai n't My Fault '' ft Dynamite MC and `` Hands High '' . An album is due for released March 2018 according to Chali themselves on Lauren Laverne 's BBC 6 Music show
Film
Chali 2na is featured prominently in the award-winning documentary This Is the Life , chronicling the music movement that was birthed at The Good Life Cafe in South Central Los Angeles . The Good Life is the open-mic workshop where they first performed with Unity Committee in the early 1990s and founded Jurassic 5 .
Chali 2na is also featured in the documentary Freestyle : The Art of Rhyme , and in the movie Never Been Kissed as part of Ozomatli , performing in a club .
Chali 2na is interviewed in RASH – a 2005 documentary film about Melbourne street art and graffiti – on their passion for graffiti as they paint their signature Tuna fish in murals with Australian artists including Phibs . The session involved painting murals on Smith St and Brunswick St in Melbourne . Chali was taking a short breather while on the band 's 2005 Australian tour .
Chali 2na has also starred in the Epic Rap Battles of History video , Sir Isaac Newton versus Bill Nye as astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson .
Street art
Chali2na is an accomplished graffiti artist - and has painted extensively across Australia - including Perth and has been a regular painter at the Bondi Beach Graffiti Wall .
Discography
Albums
Chali 2na
real as it gets ( 2003 )
Fish Outta Water ( 2009 )
Adventures of a Reluctant Superhero with Krafty Kuts ( 2019 )
Jurassic 5
Jurassic 5 ( 1998 )
Quality Control ( 2000 )
Power in Numbers ( 2002 )
Feedback ( 2006 )
Other collaborations
Ozomatli ( 1998 ) ( with Ozomatli )
The Dino 5 ( 2008 ) ( with Ladybug Mecca , Prince Paul , Scratch & Wordsworth , as The Dino 5 )
R.I.D.S . ( 2012 ) ( with Roc ' C ' , as Ron Artiste )
Mixtapes and EPs
Mixtapes
Fish Market ( 2004 )
Fish Market Part 2 ( 2010 )
EPs
Jurassic 5 ( 1997 ) ( Jurassic 5 )
Against the Current EP 1 ( 2012 )
Against the Current EP 2 : Manphibian Music ( 2014 )
Against the Current EP 3 : Bloodshot Fisheye ( 2015 )
ILLectric EP ( 2016 ) ( with The Funk Hunters )
Guest appearances
Black Eyed Peas - `` Get Original '' on Bridging the Gap ( 2000 )
Swollen Members - `` Full Contact '' on Bad Dreams ( 2001 )
Roots Manuva - `` Join the Dots '' on Run Come Save Me ( 2001 )
Long Beach Dub Allstars - `` Life Goes On '' on Wonders of the World ( 2001 )
Blackalicious - `` 4000 Miles '' on Blazing Arrow ( 2002 )
Roots Manuva - `` Revolution 5 '' on Dub Come Save Me ( 2002 )
Linkin Park - `` Frgt/10 ( feat . Chali 2NA ) '' on Reanimation ( 2002 )
Slimkid3 - `` Follow I 'll Lead '' on Liberation ( 2002 )
Soulive - `` Doin ' Something '' on Turn It Out Remixed ( 2003 )
DJ Format - `` We Know Something You Do n't Know '' on Music for the Mature B-Boy ( 2003 )
Ozomatli - `` Who 's to Blame '' on Street Signs ( 2004 )
Supernatural - `` It Ai n't a Game '' on S.P.I.T . ( 2005 )
DJ Nu-Mark feat . Chali 2na - `` Comin ' Thru '' on Mushroom Jazz Vol . 5 ( 2005 )
DJ Format - `` The Place '' on If You Ca n't Join 'Em ... Beat 'Em ( 2005 )
Fatlip - `` Today 's Your Day ( Whachagonedu ? ) '' on The Loneliest Punk ( 2005 )
Breakestra - `` Family Rap '' on Hit the Floor ( 2005 )
Sérgio Mendes - `` Yes , Yes Y'All '' on Timeless ( 2006 )
Marcelo D2 - `` That 's What I Got '' on Meu Samba É Assim ( 2006 )
Dan the Automator - `` anchorman '' on Dan the Automator Presents 2K7 ( 2006 )
Zion I & The Grouch - `` Too Much '' on Heroes in the City of Dope ( 2006 )
X Clan - `` Funky 4 You '' on Return from Mecca ( 2007 )
Galactic - `` Think Back '' on From the Corner to the Block ( 2007 )
Percee P - `` No Time for Jokes '' on Perseverance ( 2007 )
Aceyalone - `` Eazy '' on Lightning Strikes ( 2007 )
K'naan - `` America '' on Troubadour ( 2008 )
Lyrics Born - `` Hott 2 Deff '' on Everywhere at Once ( 2008 )
The Mighty Underdogs - `` Warwalk '' on Droppin ' Science Fiction ( 2008 )
Solillaquists of Sound - `` Death of the Muse '' on No More Heroes ( 2008 )
N.A.S.A . - `` The People Tree '' on The Spirit of Apollo ( 2009 )
Speech - `` Start Spreading the News '' on The Grown Folks Table ( 2009 )
Jerome XL - `` King Sh # t '' on De Laatste Dag ( 2010 )
Rakaa - `` Mean Streak '' on Crown of Thorns ( 2010 )
Hilltop Hoods - `` Speaking in Tongues '' on Drinking from the Sun ( 2012 )
House Shoes - `` So Different / Moody Interlude '' on Let It Go ( 2012 )
Run DMT - `` This or That '' on Union Of Opposites ( 2012 )
Rizzle Kicks - `` Epic Dreamers ' Remix '' ( 2012 )
Slightly Stoopid - `` Just Thinking '' on Top Of The World ( 2012 )
Oh No - `` Animals '' on Disrupted Ads ( 2013 )
Morcheeba - `` Face of Danger '' on Head Up High ( 2013 )
Savoy - `` Love Is Killing Me '' on 1000 Years ( 2015 )
Krafty Kuts - `` Hands High '' on Hands High ( EP )
Cut Chemist - `` Work My Mind '' on Die Cut ( EP ) ( 2018 )
Slightly Stoopid - `` Higher Now '' on Everyday Life , Everyday People ( 2018 )
Ozomatli - `` Libertad '' on Libertad ( EP ) ( 2019 )
- `` Break in the Glass '' on Ways of the World ( 2019 )
References
External links
Chali2na Official Site
Rappers from Chicago
African-American male rappers
Living people
African-American Muslims
Hip hop activists
1971 births
Midwest hip hop musicians
Underground rappers
Jurassic 5 members
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American people
Dino 5 members
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
At least four widows of veterans of the American Civil War ( fought 1861–1865 ) are known to have survived into the 21st century . All were born in the 20th century and married their husbands while the women were still young and the men were in advanced age . This practice was not uncommon at the time due to the possibility of receiving pensions as dependents of Civil War veterans ; the pensions were known for their generosity . Some of these unions were in name only , while others lived together as married couples .
List of Civil War widows who survived into the 21st century
Helen Viola Jackson ( 1919–2020 )
Helen Viola Jackson ( August 3 , 1919 – December 16 , 2020 ) was the last surviving widow of a Union soldier and the last surviving widow of a Civil War veteran overall ; they died on December 16 , 2020 , at the age of 101 . In 1936 , in the midst of the Great Depression , they married 93-year-old James Bolin ( 1843–1939 ) , who had served in the 14th Missouri Cavalry . Jackson was 17 . They met them when their father volunteered them to help the elderly Bolin with basic chores . With no other means to repay their kindness , Bolin offered to marry Jackson so they would become eligible to receive their pension after they died . Similar marriages had occurred before .
Jackson and Bolin were married outside their home in Niangua , Missouri . Following the marriage , the couple never made their marriage public , fearing damage to Jackson 's reputation . They continued to live with their parents . Following Bolin 's death , three years later , Jackson decided against applying for the $ 73.13 monthly pension ( ) after Bolin 's daughters threatened to ruin their reputation . The marriage was recorded in Bolin 's family Bible and other documents verified by Daughters of Union Veterans of the Civil War . Jackson did not reveal the marriage until 2017 when planning for their own funeral with their pastor and they realized the historical significance of their combined longevity and secret marriage . Prior to this revelation Maudie Hopkins , who died in 2008 , was believed to have been last surviving wife of a Civil War soldier .
Jackson never married after Bolin 's death and had no children . They were a prominent member of their community in Elkland , Missouri . In 2018 , two years before their death , they were honored by inclusion in the Missouri Walk of Fame .
The last person to receive a Civil War pension was Irene Triplett , a daughter of a Civil War veteran , who died on May 31 , 2020 .
Maudie Hopkins ( 1914–2008 )
Maudie White Hopkins ( née Maudie Cecelia Acklin ; December 7 , 1914 – August 17 , 2008 ) is believed to have been the oldest surviving widow of a Confederate soldier . At the time of their death , they were the oldest publicly known Civil War widow , although others were believed to be alive but unidentified .
Born as Maudie Cecelia Acklin in Baxter County , Arkansas , they married William M. Cantrell ( aged 86 ) on February 2 , 1934 , when they were 19 . Cantrell had enlisted in the Confederate States Army at age 16 in Pikeville , Kentucky , and served in General Samuel G. French 's Battalion of Virginia Infantry . They were captured in 1863 , and was part of a prisoner exchange . They had a previous wife , who had died in 1929 . Cantrell supported them with a pension of US $ 25 every two or three months , and they inherited their home in 1937 . They received no further pension benefits after their death . They remarried later in 1937 , and once thereafter , and had three children .
It was not especially uncommon for young women in Arkansas to marry Confederate pensioners ; in 1937 the state passed a law stating that women who married Civil War veterans would not be eligible for a widow 's pension . The law was later changed in 1939 to state that widows born after 1870 were not eligible for pensions . Hopkins generally kept their first marriage a secret , fearing that the resulting gossip ( of them marrying a much older man ) would damage their reputation .
After researching records from Arkansas and United States Census Bureau data , Hopkins was certified by various historical organizations , most notably the United Daughters of the Confederacy . A spokesperson for the UDC , Martha Boltz , has said that there may be two other widows , one in Tennessee and another in North Carolina , but if they are still alive , they choose to remain in anonymity .
Maudie Hopkins died on August 17 , 2008 , in a nursing home in Lexa , Arkansas , aged 93 .
Alberta Martin ( 1906–2004 )
Alberta Martin ( née Stewart ; December 4 , 1906 – May 31 , 2004 ) was once believed to be the last living widow of a Confederate soldier ; they are thought to have been the last widow whose marriage to a Civil War soldier produced offspring .
They were born Alberta Stewart to sharecropper parents in Danleys Crossroads , Alabama , a small sawmill town south of Montgomery , and was commonly referred to as `` Miz Alberta '' . Them mother died of cancer when they were 11 . Martin dropped out of school after 7th grade to work in cotton and peanut fields , as well as in a cotton mill . At 18 , they married a cabdriver named Howard Farrow and they had a son . Howard Farrow died in a car accident in 1926 .
After moving to Opp , Alabama , they met widower William Jasper Martin , born in 1845 and a veteran of the 4th Alabama Infantry , a Confederate unit during the Civil War . On December 10 , 1927 , the then-21-year-old Stewart married the 81-year-old Martin , primarily to get help raising their son and because their $ 50 per month Confederate pension check guaranteed them a degree of financial security . They gave birth to a second son , Willie Martin , 10 months after their wedding to William Jasper Martin , who was 82 at the time of the child 's birth . William Jasper Martin died in 1931 .
Two months after their second husband 's death , Alberta Martin married Charlie Martin , William Jasper Martin 's grandson from a much earlier marriage . Alberta and Charlie Martin were married for more than fifty years until their death in 1983 , after which they moved to Elba , Alabama .
Alberta Martin lived in obscurity for most of their life , but gained media attention starting in the 1990s . In the final years of their life they became a symbol for the Sons of Confederate Veterans , appearing at some of their rallies . The state of Alabama had long since stopped issuing pension checks to the widows of Confederate veterans , believing them all to be dead , but with assistance from Sons of Confederate Veterans and other supporters Alberta began receiving a Confederate widow 's pension in 1996 and was awarded back payment as well .
In 1996 , two Sons of Confederate Veterans members , Russell Darden and Ken Chancey , paid them a visit , saw that they lived without air-conditioning and resolved to secure a Confederate widow 's pension for them
They appeared to relish the attention the media brought them and attended many Civil Wars themed re-enactments and other events as an honored guest . They lived their final years in a nursing home paid for by various supporters . Following their death from a heart attack at the age of 97 on May 12 , 2004 , the thrice-widowed Martin was given an `` 1860s style ceremony '' with full honors as the widow of a Confederate veteran . They were survived by their son William who died in 2005 . They were featured in one chapter of the book Confederates in the Attic .
Gertrude Janeway ( 1909–2003 )
Gertrude Janeway ( née Grubb ; July 3 , 1909 – January 17 , 2003 ) was born in Blaine , Tennessee , to Thomas Bradshaw Grubb ( 1853–1922 ) and Halley J. Townsley Grubb ( 1877–1939 ) . They were courted by John Janeway ( 1845–1937 ) beginning when they were 16 . Them mother , widowed when Gertrude was 13 , would not allow them to marry until they were 18 . They married John Janeway , an officer in the 14th Illinois Cavalry , in 1927 when they were 18 and they 81 . The marriage ceremony took place in the middle of a dirt road with family and friends in attendance . They lived together in a log cabin in Blaine , Tennessee , until John Janeway 's death in 1937 .
On January 31 , 1940 , `` Gertie '' Janeway married Alfred Vineyard in Grainger County , Tennessee . In 1943 , Gertrude divorced Alfred Vineyard ( 1902–1966 ) and went back to using the name Gertrude Janeway .
They were a member of the Green Acres Missionary Baptist Church . Gertrude continued to live in the cabin for nearly 70 years after their husband 's death . They received a $ 70 pension check for veterans ' benefits from the government every two months until their death in 2003 .
On April 9 , 2011 , The Economist commented on them as an example of the length of pension obligations :
See also
Last surviving American Civil War veterans
Esther Sumner Damon , American Revolutionary War widow who survived into the 20th century
Irene Triplett , last known surviving child of a Civil War veteran
Age disparity in sexual relationships
Oldest Living Confederate Widow Tells All
References
External links
Aftermath of the American Civil War
Last living survivors
People of the American Civil War
Sexuality and age
Widowhood in the United States
`` The Enterprise Incident '' is the second episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek . Written by D. C. Fontana and directed by John Meredyth Lucas , it was first broadcast September 27 , 1968 .
In the episode , the crew of the Enterprise are on a secret mission to steal a Romulan cloaking device .
Plot
Captain Kirk orders the Federation starship USS Enterprise into Romulan space without any authorization from Starfleet of which the bridge crew are aware . Romulan vessels intercept the Enterprise and Kirk negotiates an hour 's time to consider surrendering their ship . Kirk , along with the Vulcan First Officer Spock are then invited aboard the Romulan flagship .
Once aboard the Romulan ship , Kirk and Spock are taken before a female commander who demands an explanation for their intrusion into Romulan space . Kirk claims that instrument failure caused the ship to stray off course , but Spock divulges that the captain ordered entry into Romulan space , and asserts that they are insane . Romulan guards lead Kirk to their brig .
Alone with Spock in their quarters , the commander questions Spock about their career . They argue that humans may have shown their disregard for their talents and capabilities by not giving them command of a ship , but the Romulans , if they were willing , would not make that mistake .
In the Romulan brig , Kirk injures themselves by lunging against the force field door . Chief Medical Officer Dr. McCoy is summoned from the Enterprise to attend to him . The commander asks McCoy to confirm Spock 's characterization of the captain as mentally incompetent and McCoy does so , whereupon the commander calls on Spock to assume command of the Enterprise . Kirk , calling Spock a traitor , attacks him , and Spock defends themselves using what they call the `` Vulcan death grip '' . Kirk slumps to the floor , and McCoy declares them dead .
Back on the Enterprise , Kirk awakens from the state of suspension brought on by the so-called death grip . Their apparent insanity , the unauthorized venture into Romulan space , and Spock 's betrayal have all been part of a secret Federation plan to steal a Romulan cloaking device . Kirk orders McCoy to perform surgery to give them Romulan features and then transports back to the Romulan vessel disguised as one of their officers .
Meanwhile , Spock and the commander dine in their quarters , and their conversation grows intimate . When the commander goes to change their attire , Spock directs Kirk , via communicator , to the location of the cloaking device . Their signal is discovered and tracked , and Spock surrenders themselves to the Romulan officers , but they are too late to prevent Kirk from stealing the cloaking device and returning with it to the Enterprise .
Chief Engineer Scott attempts to adapt the Romulan cloaking device to the Enterprise while Ensign Chekov succeeds in distinguishing Spock 's life signs from those of the Romulans . Both Spock and the Romulan commander are beamed to the Enterprise where Kirk gives the order to return to Federation space . The pursuing Romulans are ready to fire upon them as Scott successfully activates the cloak and the Enterprise vanishes before their eyes . The now-captured Romulan commander points out to Spock that any advantage the Federation gains from studying the new cloaking device model will be temporary , as before long the Romulans will learn to circumvent it . Spock admits that military secrets are the most fleeting of all .
Production
Writing
D. C. Fontana based this story very loosely upon the Pueblo incident , in which a United States Navy ship and its crew were seized , and the crew held on charges of espionage for almost a year , after the ship allegedly strayed into North Korean waters .
The first draft of the script had Spock `` raining kisses on every square inch above the shoulder '' of the Romulan commander but this was changed , at Leonard Nimoy 's insistence , to the more demure finger caresses . Fontana has pointed out that the `` raining kisses '' scene was actually an embellishment by Gene Roddenberry—one of the few they applied to third season scripts—and that the original script submitted had only an embrace and kiss , with most of the passion being delivered by the Romulan commander .
Originally , both Kirk and McCoy were disguised as Romulans and went aboard the Romulan ship to steal the cloaking device . This was dropped not only due to cost concerns , but because Robert H. Justman pointed out that having McCoy doing plastic surgery on their own ears would have stretched believability , and including a character to perform the surgery on both Kirk and McCoy would have required casting an additional role , further increasing the cost .
Models
In the remastered edition two of the three Romulan warships are actually Klingon craft , used in addition to the Romulan bird-of-prey seen in the episode `` Balance of Terror '' . Although in production order the model was first used ( as a Klingon ship ) in `` Elaan of Troyius '' , in broadcast order it is first seen in this episode . Spock says at the start of the episode that `` intelligence reports Romulans now using Klingon design . '' In the original broadcast episode all three ships were the D-7 design .
Non-canon media
The name of the Romulan commander and their fate are not revealed in the episode . At least two different explanations are given in Trek novels—The Price of the Phoenix and Vulcan 's Heart . ( In the early days of Trek writing , many novels contradicted each other , so the commander has had a number of names and fates . ) The latest explanation is given in the novel Vulcan 's Heart , by Josepha Sherman and Susan Shwartz , which gives their name as Liviana Charvanek . Apparently , sometime after the events of this episode , Charvanek was returned to Romulus and resumed their military career .
D. C. Fontana co-wrote a sequel : Star Trek : Year Four—The Enterprise Experiment , a graphic novel published by IDW Publishing in 2008 .
This episode is referenced in the video game Star Trek : Tactical Assault . During a Federation mission the player 's ship is equipped with the Romulan cloaking device stolen by Kirk and ordered to launch a sneak attack on a Klingon starbase .
The Romulan commander and Subcommander Tal are central characters in the two-part series conclusion to Star Trek Continues . The part of the Romulan commander was played by Amy Rydell , daughter of Joanne Linville , who played the role in the original episode .
The Romulan commander appears in the independently produced science fiction audio drama Starship Excelsior season 4 episode Tomorrow 's Excelsior . In the episode it is revealed that the commander has received a promotion to Legate . The character was voiced by Joanne Linville who played the role in the original TOS episode .
Reception
In 2014 , Gizmodo ranked `` The Enterprise Incident '' as the 48th best episode of Star Trek , out of the over 700 made by that time ( including the spin-off series ) .
In 2016 , The Hollywood Reporter rated `` The Enterprise Incident '' the 33rd best television episode of all Star Trek franchise television prior to Star Trek : Discovery , including live-action and the animated series but not counting the movies . They note that this episode is the favorite of the director of the 2016 film Star Trek : Beyond , Justin Lin .
In 2016 , Newsweek ranked `` The Enterprise Incident '' as one of the best episodes of the original series . They note Spock 's interaction with the Romulan commander , and the Federation 's desire for a science fiction technology , Star Treks `` cloaking device '' .
In 2017 , Comic Book Resources ranked Spock and the Romulan commander the 11th best romantic relationship of the Star Trek franchise up to that time . In 2017 , CBR ranked the Romulan commander the 7th `` fiercest '' female character of the Star Trek universe .
In 2020 , SyFy recommended watching this episode for background on Romulans for Star Trek : Picard .
In 2020 , ScreenRant ranked it as the 4th best episode of TOS to re-watch . They note the similarity in the plot between this episode and season one of Star Trek : Discovery , although instead of the Romulans , the Klingons are shown .
Releases
This episode was released in Japan on December 21 , 1993 as part of the complete season 3 LaserDisc set , Star Trek : Original Series log.3 . A trailer for this and the other episodes was also included , and the episode had English and Japanese audio tracks . The cover script was スター・トレック TVサードシーズン
The episode was released on VHS in the United Kingdom , paired with `` And the Children Shall Lead '' .
This episode was included in TOS Season 3 remastered DVD box set , with the remastered version of this episode .
References
External links
`` The Enterprise Incident '' First draft report and analysis by Dave Eversole
Star Trek : The Original Series ( season 3 ) episodes
1968 American television episodes
Fiction portraying humans as aliens
Television episodes written by D. C. Fontana
Television episodes directed by John Meredyth Lucas
Peltops is a genus of birds in the family Artamidae . It contains two species that are endemic to the island of New Guinea . The species have also had the common name of shieldbill .
Taxonomy
The genus Peltops was introduced by the German zoologist Johann Georg Wagler in 1829 . The type species is the lowland peltops . The name is from the Greek pelte meaning small shield and ops meaning face . The genus was once placed with the monarch flycatchers , but molecular and morphometric studies place it closer to the butcherbirds , possibly as a sister taxon to this group . The genus is placed in its own subfamily , Peltopsinae .
The genus contains two species :
Description
Peltops are smaller than the butcherbirds , and have a less massive but still large bill . The mountain peltops is the larger species , at , whereas the lowland peltops is slightly smaller at . The hooked bill is the same size in both species , making it proportionally larger in the lowland peltops .
Distribution and habitat
Both species occupy rainforest on New Guinea , but are separated by altitude . The lowland peltops ranges across the island from sea level to , whereas the mountain peltops ranges from . Within the forest they are particularly common at forest openings and edges , tree falls , river edges , and other disturbed areas including human modified openings like roads and gardens . In undisturbed virgin forest they may use massive trees emerging from and above the canopy .
References
Bird genera
Cracticidae
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
St. Elisabeth 's Church ( ) or Lithuanian Church ( Litauische Kirche ) was a church in the Sackheim quarter of Königsberg , Germany .
History
St. Elisabeth 's was first documented in 1420 as the chapel of Sackheim 's Saint Elizabeth Hospital , administered by a Catholic convent . The Duchy of Prussia was established in 1525 during the Protestant Reformation , and it is unknown what the building was used for during the remainder of the 16th century .
After the Reformation , Königsberg 's Lutheran Polish- and Lithuanian-speaking communities attended St. Nicholas ' Church in Steindamm . Disputes between the two groups were common , however , and once the Jesuits began to express interest , the Lutheran Königsberg Consistory granted St. Elisabeth 's to parishioners of Lithuanian native language as their own church in 1603 . The first Lithuanian-speaking pastor at the church was Lazarus Sengstock ( 1562-1621 ) , a native of Lübeck who learned the language in Memel . Sengstock was succeeded by Johannes Rhesa ( 1576-1629 ) . Most attendees of the church were laborers , domestic workers , and beggars . Unlike the other churches of Königsberg , St. Elisabeth 's was too poor to have its own school .
St. Elisabeth 's was converted into a prison ( Arresthaus ) in 1807 when the number of attendees dwindled . By 1896 it was used as an administrative building of the Prussian Army and during the Weimar era it was a library for Wehrkreis I . In 1933 the nearby square , Arresthausplatz , was renamed Elisabeth-Platz . The former church finally served as a pension office before the destruction of Königsberg during World War II .
Notes
References
1420 establishments in Europe
1807 disestablishments in Prussia
15th-century churches in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Destroyed churches in Germany
Elisabeth
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Religious organizations established in the 15th century
Certain Honorable Men is a 1968 American TV movie starring Van Heflin and Peter Fonda . It was written by Rod Serling .
It was part of a series of specials called On Stage sponsored by Prudential .
Cast
Van Heflin
Peter Fonda
Production
It was inspired by the Thomas J. Dodd case .
Fonda had to cut their hair to play their role . `` I felt like a fag in drag trying to play Angela Lansbury '' , they said .
It was filmed at NBC 's studios in Brooklyn .
Reception
The New York Times said it was `` fair more interesting than the average TV drama '' .
References
External links
1968 films
1968 television films
American television films
Nong Kop ( , ) is a subdistrict ( tambon ) of the Ban Pong District , Ratchaburi Province in Thailand .
Overview
Nong Kop Subdistrict is flat . Its name , meaning 'frog pond ' , derives from the many ponds and marshes in the area where frogs thrive . There is much gravel and sand extraction in the subdistrict , an activity which has left the landscape dotted with small lakes . The sub-district has many Lao Wiang communities . The specialty of the subdistrict is grilled chicken from Bang Tan village .
See also
Khlong Bang Tan Railway Station
References
Tambon of Ratchaburi Province
Populated places in Ratchaburi province
Mir Humayun Aziz Kurd is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 .
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-267 ( Bolan-cum-Jhal Magsi ) as an independent candidate in 2008 Pakistani general election . They received 61,249 votes and defeated Sardar Yar Muhammad Rind , a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) ( PML-Q ) .
In April 2008 , they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was made Federal Minister for population welfare . In November 2008 , their ministerial portfolio was changed and they were appointed as Federal Minister for livestock and dairy development where they served until February 2011 .
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Flatulence humor , or flatulence humour , ( more commonly known as Fart humor ) refers to any type of joke , practical joke device , or other off-color humor related to flatulence .
History
Although it is likely that flatulence humor has long been considered funny in cultures that consider the public passing of gas impolite , such jokes are rarely recorded . It 's been suggested that one of the oldest recorded jokes was a flatulence joke from the Sumerians that has been dated to 1,900 BC . Two important early texts are the 5th century BC plays The Knights and The Clouds , both by Aristophanes , which contain numerous fart jokes . Another example from classical times appeared in Apocolocyntosis or The Pumpkinification of Claudius , a satire attributed to Seneca on the late Roman emperor :
They later explains they got to the afterlife with a quote from Homer :
Archeologist Warwick Ball asserts that the Roman Emperor Elagabalus played practical jokes on their guests , employing a whoopee cushion-like device at dinner parties .
In the translated version of Penguin 's 1001 Arabian Nights Tales , a story entitled `` The Historic Fart '' tells of a man who flees their country from the sheer embarrassment of farting at their wedding , only to return ten years later to discover that their fart had become so famous , that people used the anniversary of its occurrence to date other events . Upon learning this they exclaimed , `` Verily , my fart has become a date ! It shall be remembered forever ! '' Their embarrassment is so great they return to exile in India .
In a similar vein , John Aubrey 's Brief Lives recounts of Edward de Vere , 17th Earl of Oxford that : `` The Earle of Oxford , making their low obeisance to Queen Elizabeth , happened to let a Fart , at which they were so abashed and ashamed that they went to Travell , 7 yeares . Upon their return home , the Queen greeted him , reportedly saying `` My Lord , I had forgotten the Fart . ''
One of the most celebrated incidents of flatulence humor in early English literature is in The Miller 's Tale by Geoffrey Chaucer , which dates from the 14th century ; The Summoner 's Tale has another . In the first , the character Nicholas sticks their buttocks out of a window at night and humiliates their rival Absolom by farting in their face . But Absolom gets revenge by thrusting a red-hot plough blade between Nicholas 's cheeks ( `` ammyd the ers '' )
The medieval Latin joke book Facetiae includes six tales about farting .
François Rabelais ' tales of Gargantua and Pantagruel are laden with acts of flatulence . In Chapter XXVII of the second book , the giant , Pantagruel , releases a fart that `` made the earth shake for twenty-nine miles around , and the foul air they blew out created more than fifty-three thousand tiny men , dwarves and creatures of weird shapes , and then they emitted a fat wet fart that turned into just as many tiny stooping women . ''
The plays of William Shakespeare include several humorous references to flatulence , including the following from Othello :
Benjamin Franklin , in their open letter `` To the Royal Academy of Farting '' , satirically proposes that converting farts into a more agreeable form through science should be a milestone goal of the Royal Academy .
In Mark Twain 's 1601 , properly named [ Date : 1601 . ] Conversation , as it was the Social Fireside , in the Time of the Tudors , a cupbearer at Court who 's a Diarist report :
The Queen inquires as to the source , and receives various replies . Lady Alice says :
In the first chapter of Moby Dick , the narrator states :
Inculpatory pronouncements
The sourcing of a fart involves a ritual of assignment that sometimes takes the form of a rhyming game . These are frequently used to discourage others from mentioning the fart or to turn the embarrassment of farting into a pleasurable subject matter . The trick is to pin the blame on someone else , often by means of deception , or using a back and forth rhyming game that includes phrases such as the following :
He/she who declared it blared it .
He/she who observed it served it .
He/she who detected it ejected it .
He/she who rejected it respected it .
He/she who smelt it dealt it .
He/she who sang the song did the pong .
He/she who denied it supplied it .
He/she who said the rhyme did the crime .
He/she who accuses blew the fuses .
He/she who pointed the finger pulled the trigger .
He/she who articulated it particulated it .
He/she who introduced it produced it .
He/she who inculpated promulgated .
He/she who deduced it produced it .
He/she who was a smart-ass has a fart-ass .
He/she who sniffed it biffed it .
He/she who eulogized it aerosolized it .
He/she who sensed it dispensed it .
He/she who rapped it cracked it .
He/she who policed it released it .
He/she who remarked on it embarked on it .
Whoever rebuts it cuts it .
Whoever said the rap did the crap .
Whoever had the smirk did the work .
Whoever spoke it broke it .
Whoever asked it gassed it .
Whoever started it farted it .
Whoever explained it ordained it .
Whoever thunk it stunk it .
Whoever is squealing is concealing .
Whoever thought it brought it .
Whoever gave the call gassed us all .
He/she who circulated it perpetrated it .
Whoever spoke last set off the blast .
He/she who last spoke let off the ass smoke .
The smeller 's the feller .
The one who said the verse just made the atmosphere worse .
Whoever 's poking fun is the smoking gun .
It twas the thinker who loosened their sphincter .
He/she who said the words did the turds .
Whoever made a frown laid the brown .
Whoever made the quip let it rip .
Self report .
etc .
Assigning blame to another can backfire : a joke about royalty has the Queen emitting flatulence , and then turning to a nearby page , exclaiming , `` Arthur , stop that ! '' The page replies , `` Yes , Your Majesty . Which way did it go ? ''
Practical jokes
A is a slang term for lying in bed with another person and pulling the covers over the person 's head while flatulating , thereby creating an unpleasant situation in an enclosed space . This is done as a prank or by accident to one 's sleeping partner . The book The Alphabet of Manliness discusses the Dutch oven , as well as a phenomenon it refers to as the `` Dutch oven surprise '' , that `` happens if you force it too hard '' . The Illustrated Dictionary of Sex refers to this as a Dutch treat .
A connection between relationships and performing a Dutch oven has been discussed in two undergraduate student newspaper articles and in actor Diane Farr 's relationships/humor book The Girl Code .
Performance
Paul Oldfield , who performed under the name Mr Methane , performed a stage act that included them farting the notes of music.Joseph Pujol who performed under the name Le Pétomane , which translates to `` fart maniac '' , performed a similar stage act for the Paris music hall scene .
See also
Armpit fart
Bum trilogy
Gross out
Grotesque body
Flatulist
He-gassen
Hundeprutterutchebane
Le Pétomane
Mr. Methane
Pull my finger
Roland the Farter
Sophomoric humour
Toilet humour
Whoopee cushion
References
5th-century BC establishments in Greece
Practical joke devices
Flatulence in popular culture
`` The Show '' is a single by Doug E. Fresh & the Get Fresh Crew . Described as `` a reality show of a Hip Hop performance '' the track focuses on a conversation between Doug E. Fresh and MC Ricky D ( later known as Slick Rick ) as they prepare for a show . The song incorporates portions of the melody from the theme song of the animated series Inspector Gadget . The original issue of the song featured a line where Slick Rick mockingly sings a verse from the Beatles ' `` Michelle '' ( 1965 ) , but all subsequent reissues have removed this line since the rights to the song were never secured .
Originally released as a single , the track was later remixed and included on the 1986 Oh , My God ! album .
Reception
`` The Show '' was named Spin magazine 's top rap single of the year , and in Europe ( where it received air time on pop music stations such as BBC Radio 1 ) it broke the record for the best selling rap single of all time . The song peaked at No . 7 on the UK Singles Chart in December 1985 and was # 8 on Jet '' 's top 20 for the same month .
The record was produced by Dennis Bell & Ollie Cotton for City Slicker Productions .
While one 1985 critic for Spin included the song in a list of `` stupid music '' —making fun of Doug E. Fresh 's lyrics about their shoes , and calling Slick Rick 's sendup of `` Michelle '' `` pathetic '' —he still concluded that the single is `` the shit '' . Billboard refused to take it seriously , declaring it the `` funniest comedy album of the year '' . Even when it became only the fourth rap single ever to reach gold record status , the same reviewer stated that it only proved that `` talk is n't always cheap '' .
Legacy
The song is featured in New Jack City and CB4 , but is not included in the soundtrack album of either film . Chris Rock , who starred in both these films , would later have Slick Rick perform the song live to introduce their HBO special Bigger & Blacker .
In response to the song 's popularity , Hurby Azor and their female hip hop group , Super Nature recorded a diss track entitled `` The Showstopper '' . While not a hit in its own right , it did become the breakout track for the group that would later be known as Salt-n-Pepa .
Another diss track entitled `` No Show '' by The Symbolic Three was released in 1985 .
The song is briefly sampled in the song `` Oodles of O 's '' by De La Soul , from their 1991 album De La Soul Is Dead .
Some of the lyrics in this song were interpolated by Snoop Doggy Dogg for the chorus of their 1996 song `` Sixx Minutes '' .
In 1997 , The Roots covered the song for the compilation album In tha Beginning ... There Was Rap .
In 2013 , an interpolation of this song was featured on Eminem 's The Marshall Mathers LP 2 '' , on the track titled `` Rap God '' .
Charts
Certifications
References
1985 singles
American hip hop songs
1985 songs
Fantasy Records singles
The Pakistan national rugby union team represents Pakistan in international rugby union . Pakistan is a member of the International Rugby Board ( IRB ) , and have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup tournament . As of 2021 , they will play in Division II of the Asian championships , having been promoted from Division III in 2019 .
In the 19 March 2012 IRB World Rankings , Pakistan , along with Mexico and Philippines , were listed for the first time , entering with the base rating of 40 points ( which positioned the three national teams in 71st place ) .
The national side is ranked 94th in the world ( as of 29 July 2019 ) .
History
The Pakistan national team made their international debut in a match against Sri Lanka in 2003 , losing 75-3 . They won their first match in 2006 against Guam by 27-22 .
Recently Pakistan Under-19 Rugby Team participates in South Asian A5N Rugby 7s Championship 2013 and won Gold . They played against Afghanistan and final against India . Daud Gill , Ali Shahid , Ahmad Wasim Akram , Mohammad Owais Akram , Hassan Shah , Danish Aleem , Ayub were some senior Players of the team .
Since their first match , Pakistan have played a total of 20 matches , with only 4 wins and 16 losses .
Pakistan rugby sevens made its international debut at the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon , South Korea , in the highly competitive Pool B with matches against China , Hong Kong , and the Philippines .
Strip
Pakistan play in green jerseys with gold and white trim , manufactured by Teejac Sports .
Record
World Cup
1987 - No qualifying tournament held
1991-1999 - Not into existence
2003-2007 - Did not enter
2011-2019 - Did not qualify
Overall
Current squad
Squad for the 2022 Asia Rugby Championship .
See also
Rugby union in Pakistan
2011 Rugby World Cup – Asia qualification
References
External links
Pakistan on IRB.com
Pakistan on rugbydata.com
Pakistan Rugby
Pakistan Official Games
R
Rugby
Rugby union in Pakistan
The City of South Perth is a local government area in Perth , Western Australia . It was established on 9 June 1892 as the South Perth Road District , with a chairperson as the leader of the road board . In February 1902 , it became the Municipality of South Perth , with a mayor as the leader of its municipal council . It changed back to the South Perth Road District in March 1922 , and then changed back to the Municipality of South Perth in February 1956 . It became the City of South Perth in June 1959 , still with a mayor as the leader of the city council .
South Perth Road Board ( 1892–1902 )
Municipality of South Perth ( 1902–1922 )
South Perth Road Board ( 1922–1956 )
Municipality of South Perth ( 1956–1959 )
City of South Perth
References
Lists of local government leaders in Western Australia
City of South Perth
Space Under Sun is the second album by American singer , Ari Gold .
Overview
The album debuted at No . 1 on the Outvoice Charts and landed Ari on the cover of countless gay magazines around the world . Described as an intergalactic hybrid of contemporary and 1980s R & B , jazzy future soul and spacey pop , the album was recorded in NYC , Miami , LA , Atlanta , London , and Israel . The subject matter ranges from a guy and a girl fighting over the same man ( `` He 's on My Team '' —nominated for Out Song of the Year ) to getting caught having sex in public with another man by the cops ( `` Caught ) , to diva worship ( `` Fan-tastic '' ) , to seeking independence and self-actualization ( `` More Than Enough , '' `` Back To Me '' ) to romantic and sexual intimacy ( `` Funk That Ship , '' `` Intimate . '' ) There is also the ballad `` Bashert ( Meant To Be ) '' in which Gold incorporates their Jewish identity of having grown up as an orthodox Jew . The album also contains a bonus track `` Wave Of You ( Twisted Dee 's Undertow Mix ) '' and the music video of `` Wave Of You '' . `` Bashert ( Meant To Be ) '' also appears on ACLU 's benefit album for gay marriage `` Marry Me '' .
Critical reception
Frontiers magazine called Space Under Sun `` a near perfect exercise in pop music that transcends sexual boundaries and labels that offers a listening experience that can be appreciated by fans of all persuasions . '' Gay City News stated that `` Gold pushes the envelope as much as a rapper like Eminem does . '' The Advocate said that `` Gold performs with equal parts of sly , finger-snappin ' sass and earthy R & B finesse , '' and remarked on how `` Gold has assembled an impressive posse of collaborators ... to frame their voice with the crisp yet fleshy sound of a platinum-selling recording '' which includes Major Accident , Desmond Child , Kahlil , Kendra Ross , Peter Amato , Steve Skinner , and Marsha Malamet .
Track listing
Space Under Sun [ 4:32 ]
Funk That Ship [ 4:02 ]
Fan-Tastic [ 3:54 ]
More Than Enough [ 3:41 ]
Intimate [ 3:17 ]
Caught [ 3:17 ]
Bashert ( Meant To Be ) [ 3:57 ]
He 's on My Team [ 3:15 ] ( featuring Kendra Ross )
Do You Really Want 2 Hurt Me [ 4:04 ]
Wave Of You [ 3:55 ]
Back To Me [ 3:50 ]
Re : Union [ 4:47 ]
Love Will Take Over [ 7:39 ]
Bonus Track : Wave Of You ( Twisted Dee 's Undertow Mix )
References
2004 albums
Ari Gold ( musician ) albums
John Younie ( born March 3 , 1950 ) is a former provincial level politician from Alberta , Canada . They served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta for a single term from 1986 to 1989 and sat as a member of the New Democrats caucus when they held official opposition status .
Political career
Younie ran for a seat in the Alberta Legislature in the 1979 Alberta general election in the electoral district of Rocky Mountain House . They finished a distant third place out of four candidates behind future Social Credit leader Lavern Ahlstrom and John Murray Campbell who won the district .
They would make another attempt to win a seat by running in the 1986 Alberta general election . They won a hotly contested race in the electoral district of Edmonton-Glengarry by a safe margin defeating four other candidates .
Younie ran for a second term in the 1989 Alberta general election but was defeated in a landslide by Laurence Decore who had become leader of the Liberals the previous year .
References
External links
Legislative Assembly of Alberta Members Listing
Living people
Alberta New Democratic Party MLAs
1950 births
The Austin Spurs are an American basketball team of the NBA G League based in Cedar Park , Texas . The team plays their home games at H-E-B Center at Cedar Park . The team has made the postseason in 8 out of their 14 seasons in the NBA Development League .
On October 15 , 2014 , after the San Antonio Spurs purchased the franchise , the team colors and logo were changed to reflect the silver and black motif used by the Spurs .
The Spurs are coached by Petar Božić . Their general manager is Tyler Self , son of Hall of Fame coach Bill Self .
Franchise history
The Austin Spurs were established in Columbus , Georgia , as the Columbus Riverdragons . The franchise in 2005 was sold to Southwest Basketball , LLC , and were relocated to the city of Austin , Texas . Following the relocation , the franchise changed their name and logo becoming the Austin Toros , which was unveiled on August 10 , 2005 . The Toros name was the only NBA-associated team and first D-League team to possess a nickname of Spanish origin . The Toros began play during the 2005–06 season .
On June 28 , 2007 , the Toros were acquired by the San Antonio Spurs , becoming the second D-League team to be owned by an NBA team , after the Los Angeles D-Fenders were purchased by the Los Angeles Lakers in 2006 .
On August 9 , 2010 , the Toros announced they would move to the Cedar Park Center from the Austin Convention Center and for the 2010–11 season .
On April 28 , 2012 , the Toros defeated the Los Angeles D-Fenders in Game 3 of the NBA D-League Finals to capture their first championship in franchise history .
On October 15 , 2014 , the team announced that they would be changing their name to the Austin Spurs , in reference to their parent team .
On April 10 , 2018 , the Spurs defeated Raptors 905 to secure their second G League championship .
In 2019 , the Spurs played in the 2019 FIBA Intercontinental Cup in Rio de Janeiro , as the first G League team to play in the tournament . Austin lost in the semi-final to Flamengo .
In 2020 , the Spurs named Tyler Self , son of Hall of Fame coach Bill Self , as the Austin Spurs ' general manager and Matt Nielsen as the head coach . Due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the team played an abbreviated 2020–21 bubble season in Orlando . Prior to the 2021–22 season , Petar Božić was named Austin 's head coach after Nielsen was moved over to San Antonio as an assistant coach .
Home arenas
Columbus Civic Center ( 2001–2005 )
Austin Convention Center ( 2005–2010 )
H-E-B Center at Cedar Park ( 2010–present )
Season-by-season
Current roster
Players with NBA experience
NBA call-ups
Head coaches
NBA affiliates
Columbus Riverdragons
None
Austin Toros
Boston Celtics ( 2006–2007 )
Denver Nuggets ( 2005–2006 )
Houston Rockets ( 2005–2007 )
Los Angeles Clippers ( 2005–2006 )
San Antonio Spurs ( 2005–2014 )
Austin Spurs
San Antonio Spurs ( 2014–present )
In international competitions
FIBA Intercontinental Cup
Champions Runners-up Third place Fourth place
References
External links
Official Austin Spurs website
Basketball teams in Texas
Basketball teams established in 2005
Spur Sports & Entertainment
Sports in Austin , Texas
2005 establishments in Texas
Arcade Acres is an unincorporated community located in the town of Ripon , Fond du Lac County , Wisconsin , United States . Arcade Acres is northwest of Ripon .
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Fond du Lac County , Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Jeffrey Taylor ( January 1 , 1960 – March 2020 ) was an American professional basketball player . They played for three years at Texas Tech University , before being drafted by the Houston Rockets in the 1982 NBA Draft . Taylor played one season with the Rockets in the 1982-83 NBA season , and another with the Detroit Pistons in the 1986-87 NBA season .
After their NBA career ended , they continued playing in Europe , eventually settling in Sweden . Their son , Jeffery played college ball at Vanderbilt , and was selected in the 2012 NBA draft by the Charlotte Bobcats .
Taylor 's death was announced by Texas Tech on March 5 , 2020 . No exact death date was given .
References
External links
Profile — TheDraftReview.com
Profile — Basketball-Reference.com
1960 births
2020 deaths
American emigrants to Sweden
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Arkansas
Basketball players from New Mexico
Detroit Pistons players
Hobbs High School alumni
Houston Rockets draft picks
Houston Rockets players
People from Hobbs , New Mexico
People from Blytheville , Arkansas
Point guards
Shooting guards
Texas Tech Red Raiders basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
Great Taste Coffee Makers players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
The Khon Kaen National Museum ( ; ) was opened by King Bhumibol Adulyadej on 20 December 1972 . Most of the exhibits are concerned with history , art , and archaeology . Besides the museum 's permanent collection , temporary exhibitions are shown throughout the year .
Collections
Exhibits in the museum include :
The geography and geology of the prehistoric period
Settlements , utensils , burial rituals , and major archaeological findings
Ancient cities and communities
Dvaravati culture
Bai sema boundary markers , religion and beliefs , costumes , script , architecture , Votive offering tablets , archaeological objects taken from the Mueang Fa Daet Song Yang excavation site , Kamalasai District , Kalasin Province .
Khmer or Lopburi culture
Ancient cities and communities , religion and beliefs , ceramics , Thai-Lao culture
Evolution of art in Thailand
Traces of the past , history of the city , way of life , folk culture
The museum gathered its collection from archaeological sites in north and east Thailand , in particular , finds from Ban Chiang in Udon Thani Province , which has been given UNESCO heritage site status . Isan ( or northeastern Thailand ) , once home to Ban Chiang , Dvaravati , Lopburi and Khmer civilizations .
The museum exhibits a range of architectural items , including marble slabs ( sema ) , ancient bas reliefs , stuccoes and ancient tools . Among its other exhibits are dinosaur fossils , human skeletal remains , ancient musical instruments , pottery , and Buddha images .
References
National museums of Thailand
Archaeological museums
History museums in Thailand
Buildings and structures in Khon Kaen province
Tourist attractions in Khon Kaen province
Holothuria ( Cystipus ) cubana is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae . This species was first described by Ludwig in 1875 .
Description
Holothuria cubana live at a depth of 0–7 meters and grow to a length of 15 cm . Individuals have a cylindrical body with a mouth and anus on opposite ends . Young individuals are soft and have a light coloration . Papillae begin to appear on the dorsal surface as the individual grows . They have suckered pedicels , which too increase in number as the animal grows . Adults take on a rougher texture and have dark gray bodies with brown spots and a white underside .
Biology
Like some other sea cucumbers , the calcareous ossicles found in Holothuria cubana can serve as indicators for the animal 's growth . The tentacles of small individuals are supported by thin , curved rods . In juveniles , these rods have distinctive perforated ends . These perforated rods shorten and are less frequently present in large specimens , which are instead covered in knob-like buttons . Individuals have one gonad each and engage in external fertilization , as most Holothurians partake in broadcast spawning . Holothurians are known to sift through sediment to eat coral rubble , algae , microorganisms and detritus , and can filter water to find food .
Ecology
Specimens have been found throughout the western central Atlantic Ocean , the Gulf of Mexico , and the Caribbean Sea . They have been observed to position themselves under objects or sand , making them difficult to spot . Commercial harvesting has led to declines and extinctions of sea cucumber species throughout the Indo-Pacific . Harvesting efforts have in turn increased in the Americas , in places including Mexico , Nicaragua , and Panama . Recovery can be slow for exploited Holothurian populations , and individuals can experience shrinkage after exposure to nutritional stress or environmental conditions . Holothurians contribute to nutrient cycling in reef ecosystems as they eat bacteria , diatoms and detritus .
References
Holothuriidae
Species described in 1875
Johnny Panic and the Bible of Dreams is a collection of short stories by Sylvia Plath . It was posthumously published in 1977 as a collection of thirteen short stories , including the title story .
As more of Plath 's work was unearthed down the years , a second edition was published with many new stories . The second edition is split into four parts , and includes many new stories , some of which were very personal to Plath . As Plath 's husband at the time of their death in 1963 , fellow poet and writer Ted Hughes managed the publication and distribution of all their unpublished works , including their poetry .
The English band Tears for Fears has a song named after this work .
1977 short story collections
American short story collections
Books by Sylvia Plath
Books published posthumously
Faber and Faber books
Høghamaren Crag ( ) is a rock crag southwest of Hamartind Peak in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica . It was photographed from the air by the Third German Antarctic Expedition ( 1938–39 ) , was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition ( 1949–52 ) and from air photos by the Norwegian expedition ( 1958–59 ) and named Høghamaren ( the high crag ) .
References
Cliffs of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Filkhaneh ( , also Romanized as Fīlkhāneh ; also known as Polkhāneh ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 148 , in 40 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Njoku Ji is the guardian deity of the yam for the Igbo people of southeastern Nigeria . In parts of Igboland there are still annual rituals in honor of the yam deity known as Ifejioku . In some parts children who were dedicated to the service of the deity were named Njoku . As adults , such children were expected to become prosperous yam farmers which made them into nobility .
Ihu-ji na-ama festival
The priests of Njoku Ji performed ceremonies such as the Ihu-ji na-ama , where the priest would lead the village council of elders in roasting yams in the village square . The Ihu-ji na-ama festival acted as the beginning of the yam planting season , and in fact , no yams were allowed to be planted before this ceremony had been performed , with the consequences of planting yams early being a curse of bad luck upon the offender and their household .
See also
Ahia Njoku
References
Igbo deities
Agricultural deities
St. Casimir Parish - Roman Catholic Church in Terryville , Connecticut , United States .
Founded in 1906 . It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford .
In 2017 , the parishes of Immaculate Conception , Saint Casimir , and Saint Thomas were merged by decree into the Parish of Saint Maximilian Kolbe . Since that time , these three churches have worked together to build a strong parish of believers in Jesus Christ while respecting the unique identity , rituals , traditions , and roots of each parish .
History
The journey of Saint Casimir Church began in the early 1890s when the number of Polish immigrants in Terryville sharply increased . At first , they worshipped at Immaculate Conception . However , like other nationalities , these early Polish Catholics yearned for a church with a priest to administer to their needs in their native language .
In December 1900 , a Polish fraternal organization , the St. Casimir Society , was formed and became the major force in pursuit of a Polish parish in Terryville . After the establishment of by-laws and a resolution to form their own parish , the St. Casimir Society immediately organized a monthly , door-to-door fund drive to raise money to build a church . Within a year , enough money was collected to purchase land . Despite the ongoing fund drives and the purchase of land , local and diocesan opposition seemed insurmountable , but this did not deter these early parishioners from pursuing their dream for a Polish parish . In January 1905 , a meeting was held with the Apostolic Delegate in Washington , D.C. and , as a result , in March 1906 , Father Joseph Raniszewski was appointed pastor of Saint Casimir Parish .
During their first months in Terryville , Father Raniszewski held Sunday Mass at the Immaculate Conception Church and , then , at rented halls , including the original Lyceum Building . However , since the construction of the church and rectory was started simultaneously upon the new pastor 's arrival , the rectory was completed first and was used for daily masses . As of May 1906 , the cornerstone of the church was laid in place and , on Labor Day of that same year , Bishop Tierney consecrated St. Casimir Church .
Pastors
Rev . Joseph Raniszewski ( 1906 – 1911 )
Rev . Ludwig Rusin ( 1911 – 1918 )
Rev . Paul Koszczyk ( 1918 – 1920 )
Rev . Peter Kaczmarski ( 1920 – 1932 )
Rev . Peter Sroka ( 1932 – 1959 )
Rev . Julius Pac ( 1959 – 1975 )
Rev . Stephen Ptaszynski ( 1976 – 1993 )
Rev . Daniel Karpey ( 1993 – 1999 )
Rev . Gerald Dziedzic ( 1999 - 2012 )
Rev . Marcin P Pluciennik ( 2012 - 2015 )
Rev . Tomasz Sztuber ( 2015 - 2017 ) ( Administrator )
Rev . Joseph P. Crowley ( 2017 - Current ) ( Administrator )
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in United States
External links
St. Casimir - Diocesan information
St. Casimir - ParishesOnline.com
Archdiocese of Hartford
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Plymouth , Connecticut
Churches in Litchfield County , Connecticut
Mononegavirales is an order of negative-strand RNA viruses which have nonsegmented genomes . Some common members of the order are Ebola virus , human respiratory syncytial virus , measles virus , mumps virus , Nipah virus , and rabies virus . All of these viruses cause significant disease in humans . Many other important pathogens of nonhuman animals and plants are also in the group . The order includes eleven virus families : Artoviridae , Bornaviridae , Filoviridae , Lispiviridae , Mymonaviridae , Nyamiviridae , Paramyxoviridae , Pneumoviridae , Rhabdoviridae , Sunviridae , and Xinmoviridae .
Use of term
The order Mononegavirales ( pronounced : ) is a virological taxon that was created in 1991 and amended in 1995 , 1997 , 2000 , 2005 , 2011 , 2016 , 2017 , and 2018 . The name Mononegavirales is derived from the Ancient Greek adjective μóνος monos ( alluding to the monopartite and single-stranded genomes of most mononegaviruses ) , the Latin verb negare ( alluding to the negative polarity of these genomes ) , and the taxonomic suffix -virales ( denoting a viral order ) .
Order inclusion criteria
A virus is a member of the order Mononegavirales if
its genome is a linear , typically ( but not always ) nonsegmented , single-stranded , non-infectious RNA of negative polarity ; possesses inverse-complementary 3 ' and 5 ' termini ; and is not covalently linked to a protein ;
its genome has the characteristic gene order 3'-UTR–core protein genes–envelope protein genes–RNA-dependent RNA polymerase gene–5'-UTR ( 3'-N-P-M-G-L-5 ' ) ( there are , however , some exceptions ) ;
it produces 5–10 distinct mRNAs from its genome via polar sequential transcription from a single promoter located at the 3 ' end of the genome ; mRNAs are 5 ' capped and polyadenylated ;
it replicates by synthesizing complete antigenomes ;
it forms infectious helical ribonucleocapsids as the templates for the synthesis of mRNAs , antigenomes , and genomes ;
it encodes an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase ( RdRp , L ) that is highly homologous to those of other mononegaviruses ; and/or
it typically ( but not always ) produces enveloped virions with a molecular mass of 300–1,000 ; an S20W of 550– > 1,045 ; and a buoyant density in CsCl of 1.18–1.22 g/cm3 .
Life cycle
The mononegavirus life cycle begins with virion attachment to specific cell-surface receptors , followed by fusion of the virion envelope with cellular membranes and the concomitant release of the virus nucleocapsid into the cytosol . The virus RdRp partially uncoats the nucleocapsid and transcribes the genes into positive-stranded mRNAs , which are then translated into structural and nonstructural proteins .
Mononegavirus RdRps bind to a single promoter located at the 3 ' end of the genome . Transcription either terminates after a gene or continues to the next gene downstream . This means that genes close to the 3 ' end of the genome are transcribed in the greatest abundance , whereas those toward the 5 ' end are least likely to be transcribed . The gene order is therefore a simple but effective form of transcriptional regulation . The most abundant protein produced is the nucleoprotein , whose concentration in the cell determines when the RdRp switches from gene transcription to genome replication .
Replication results in full-length , positive-stranded antigenomes that are in turn transcribed into negative-stranded virus progeny genome copies . Newly synthesized structural proteins and genomes self-assemble and accumulate near the inside of the cell membrane . Virions bud off from the cell , gaining their envelopes from the cellular membrane they bud from . The mature progeny particles then infect other cells to repeat the cycle .
Paleovirology
Mononegaviruses have a history that dates back several tens of million of years . Mononegavirus `` fossils '' have been discovered in the form of mononegavirus genes or gene fragments integrated into mammalian genomes . For instance , bornavirus gene `` fossils '' have been detected in the genomes of bats , fish , hyraxes , marsupials , primates , rodents , ruminants , and elephants . Filovirus gene `` fossils '' have been detected in the genomes of bats , rodents , shrews , tenrecs , and marsupials . A Midway virus `` fossil '' was found in the genome of zebrafish . Finally , rhabdovirus `` fossils '' were found in the genomes of crustaceans , mosquitoes , ticks , and plants .
Taxonomy
The order has eleven families that include numerous genera , which consist of many different species :
Artoviridae
Bornaviridae
Filoviridae
Lispiviridae
Mymonaviridae
Nyamiviridae
Paramyxoviridae
Pneumoviridae
Rhabdoviridae
Sunviridae
Xinmoviridae
Table of the order showing all families , genera , species , and their viruses :
Table legend : `` * '' denotes type species .
Notes
References
External links
International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses ( ICTV )
Animal viral diseases
Viral plant pathogens and diseases
Zoonoses
Virus orders
In the physical chemistry study of polymers , the end-to-end vector is the vector that points from one end of a polymer to the other end .
If each monomer unit in a polymer is represented by a point in space , the translation vectors connect between these points . The end-to-end vector is the sum of these translation vectors :
The norm of the end-to-end vector is called the end-to-end distance .
Relation to other quantities
The quadratic mean of the end-to-end distance can be related to the quadratic mean of the radius of gyration of a polymer by the relation :
Notes
See also
Freely Jointed Chain
Worm-like chain
Polymers
Polymer physics
The Holy Trinity Cathedral ( ) is a Roman Catholic church located in Sodo , Ethiopia .
The cathedral follows the Roman or Latin liturgical rite . As its name suggests , it was dedicated to the mystery of the Holy Trinity . The church is subject to the Apostolic Vicariate of Sodo ( Vicariatus Apostolicus Soddensis ) , which was inaugurated in 1982 by Pope John Paul II via the bull `` compertum habentes '' .
The church is under the pastoral responsibility of the Bishop Tsegaye Keneni Derara .
See also
Roman Catholicism in Ethiopia
St. Anthony Cathedral , Endibir
Holy Trinity Cathedral ( disambiguation )
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Ethiopia
Sodo
Olinda is a historic city in Pernambuco , Brazil .
Olinda may refer to :
Places
Olinda , Victoria , Australia
Olinda , Ontario , Canada
Olinda , Brea , California , U.S .
Olinda , Hawaii , U.S .
People with the given name
Olinda Beja ( born 1946 ) , São Tomé and Príncipe poet , writer and narrator
Olinda Bozán ( 1894–1977 ) , Argentine film actor and comedian
Olinda Castielle ( born 1976 ) , Swedish television personality
Olinda Cho ( born 1980 ) , Singaporean singer , actor and entrepreneur
Olinda Morais ( born 1951 ) , East Timorese politician
See also
Olindia , a genus of moths
ITF Enhancing Human Security is a humanitarian , non-profit organization founded by the Republic of Slovenia. , which specializes in land mine clearance and post-conflict reconstruction . It was established on 12 March 1998 with the purpose of helping Bosnia and Herzegovina in its post-conflict rehabilitation , specifically with mine clearance and assistance to mine victims .
The organization focuses on humanitarian de-mining , conventional weapons destruction , policy development , and other forms of post-conflict assistance .
History
ITF was established under the formal name ‘ International Trust Fund for Demining and Mine Victims Assistance ' on 12 March 1998 . Slovenia allocated 1.3 million US dollars to ITF to begin the processes of de-mining Bosnia and Herzegovina . In December 1998 , ITF received a donation from the U.S. Congress in the sum of 28 million U.S. dollars , allowing operational activities in Bosnia and Herzegovina to commence .
In 2002 , ITF spread its operations beyond the South East European region .
In 2011 , the name of the organization was changed to ITF Enhancing Human Security in order to better describe the organization 's mission .
To date , ITF programs and projects have covered seven regions around the world :
- Southeast Europe : Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bulgaria , Croatia , Kosovo , Macedonia , Montenegro , Serbia ;
- Eastern Europe : Belarus , Ukraine ;
- Central Asia : Afghanistan , Kyrgyz Republic , Regional Activities ;
- Middle East : Egypt , Gaza Strip , Iraq , Jordan , Lebanon , Syria , West Bank ;
- South Caucasus : Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia ;
- Africa : Cabo Verde , Libya , Economic Community of West African States ( ECOWAS ) ;
- Other Countries : Colombia , Cyprus , Lithuania .
Intervention Areas
Risk Education
Activities include workshops and lectures that aim to educate the participants and their families on the risks of land mines and other explosive remnants of war ( ERW ) .
Victim Assistance
ITF focuses on the health and psychosocial well-being of mine/ERW victims through medical rehabilitation and/or socio-economic reintegration . Victim assistance reduces the immediate and long-term medical and psychological effects of their trauma and reintegrates the victims by helping them become active members of the society .
Capacity Building
ITF develops national capacities at two levels : community and state . Capacity building focuses around individuals , groups , organizations , institutions and societies . This increases the ability of local authorities to manage and implement their capabilities , while taking ownership of the problem and possible solutions . At the state level , there is promotion of appropriate national laws and standards , improvement of systems of governance , arrangement of equipment and infrastructure , coordination and adequate project management and capacity of national authorities to prepare resources .
Physical Security and Stockpile Management ( PSSM )
ITF defines physical security and stockpile management ( PSSM ) as the safe storage of weapons and ammunition . Accountable and secure access , paired with professional training on the most modern approaches and appropriate procedures , can result in the effective management of stockpiles .
Destruction of Surplus Weapons and Ammunition
Surplus of weapons and ammunition , if inappropriately stored or obsolete , can present a constant and direct threat to human security . They can also deteriorate to a state where they present an environmental danger . In order to prevent accidental explosions at storage houses caused by obsolete or inappropriately stored weapons and munitions , it is key to destroy or alter weapons and ammunition into an inert state , disabling their further use . ITF works with local governments in this process .
Advocacy
ITF advocates mine awareness and other human security issues through community outreach , meetings , trainings and workshops . These methods raise awareness about the impact of mines/ERW , the dangers of surplus and deteriorating stockpiles of munitions , and advocate the rights of people with disabilities . On April 4 , International Day for Mine Awareness and Assistance , ITF runs a campaign in Slovenia called Lend Your Leg , where participants roll up their pant leg in solidarity with those who have lost a limb to land mines
Organizational structure
The headquarters of ITF is located in Ljubljana , Slovenia . It is responsible for the coordination of all activities and the financial management of donations . Main tasks of the ITF Headquarters include the management and awarding of contracts , project management , reporting and evaluation , implementation of different workshops , conferences and meetings . These tasks are combined with the monitoring and evaluation operations in the field that are conducted by the staff .
ITF also carries out its operations from the Representative Office in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Implementation Office in Croatia . Temporary Implementation Offices are also established in Libya , Afghanistan , Ukraine and Colombia .
Overview of Mine Action
The use of land mines has drawn international attention and condemnation due to their ability to remain primed years after their implantation and that majority hurt civilians rather than combatants . As a result , the Ottawa Treaty was introduced in 1997 , which prohibited the use of indiscriminate weapons in wartime . Similar treaties have also been agreed upon by the international community such as The Convention on Cluster Munitions ( CCM ) which went into effect in 2010 . CCM stipulates that countries who ratify it must never 1 ) use cluster munitions 2 ) develop produce or otherwise acquire munitions or 3 ) encourage and assist a third party to violate the two former conditions .
Non-governmental organizations also became involved with the 1992 International Campaign to Ban Landmines ( ICBL ) . The campaign aimed to rid the world of landmines and also promote survivors ' rights and ability to re-acclimate into society . ICBL has many prominent partners who represent and advocate for land mine victims such as Norwegian People 's Aid ( NPA ) , Halo Trust , the Mine Advisory Group and the Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining ( GICHD ) .
In order to demine an area , strict regulations must be observed in accordance with the International Mine Action Standards ( IMAS ) . IMAS is maintained and developed by the United Nations Mine Action Service ( UNMAS ) which provides guidelines , requirements , and updated methods of removal for mine action operations .
Funding
Funding of ITF is solely provided by the donor community , which then devotes its funds to the recovery and development of post-conflict affected countries . Since 1998 , at least 430 donors have donated funds to ITF . The main source of donations is public donors , who represent around 95 percent of all donations . They include the European Union , United Nations Development Programme , United Nations Mine Action Service , OPEC Fund for International Development and other national authorities . The government of the United States of America is ITF 's biggest donor and has contributed over 216 million dollars to its projects and programs . In specific cases , and if donors agree , ITF can provide a Funds Matching Mechanism , where funds of different donors are joined and used together for the same purpose . ITF also receives funds from private donors such as non-governmental and humanitarian organizations , businesses , and individuals .
In addition to providing funds , donors also engage in the sessions of the ITF Board of Advisors as its members . Donors can also identify countries of interest and where they would like the funds allocated .
References
Mine warfare and mine clearance organizations
Ramazan Gül ( born 14 February 1967 ) is a Turkish boxer . They competed in the men 's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics . At the 1988 Summer Olympics , they defeated John Lyon of Great Britain , before losing to Gamal El-Din El-Koumy of Egypt .
References
1967 births
Living people
Turkish male boxers
Olympic boxers of Turkey
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Flyweight boxers
USS Lancetfish ( SS-296 ) , a Balao-class submarine , was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the lancetfish ( Alepisaurus ferox ) , a large voracious , deep sea fish having long lancetlike teeth and a high long dorsal fin .
Them keel was laid down on 30 September 1942 by Cramp Shipbuilding Company of Philadelphia . They were launched on 15 August 1943 sponsored by Miss Beatrice P. Barker , towed to Boston Navy Yard 19 May 1944 for completion , and commissioned 12 February 1945 .
While tied up alongside Pier 8 , Lancetfish flooded through an aft torpedo tube and sank 15 March 1945 . They were raised eight days later and decommissioned 24 March . Assigned to the Atlantic Reserve Fleet in uncompleted condition , they were transferred to the First Naval District 27 February 1947 and was assigned to the New London Group 9 December 1952 . They were struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 9 June 1958 and sold for scrap for $ 57,189 on 20 August 1959 having never gone to sea on patrol , to Yale Waste Company , Boston , Massachusetts .
Although Lancetfish was commissioned at the time of their sinking , they never saw active service , and they are not counted among the 52 American submarines lost during World War II .
References
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Balao-class submarines
World War II submarines of the United States
Ships built by William Cramp & Sons
1943 ships
Maritime incidents in March 1945
United States submarine accidents
`` Fuddy-duddy '' ( or `` fuddy duddy '' or `` fuddy-dud '' ) is a term for a person who is fussy while old-fashioned , traditionalist , conformist or conservative , sometimes almost to the point of eccentricity or geekiness . It is a slang term , mildly derogatory but sometimes affectionate too and can be used to describe someone with a zealous focus on order .
Etymology
`` Fuddy-duddy '' is considered a word based on duplication and may have originated as a fused phrase made to form a rhyming jingle . Duddy is similar to Daddy and may have caught on from children 's rhyming .
Douglas Harper of the Online Etymology Dictionary reports it from `` 1871 , American English , of uncertain origin . '' However , Dictionary.com Unabridged compares it to a Northern English dialectal term : `` 1900-05 ; of obscure origin ; compare dial . ( Cumberland ) duddy-fuddiel a ragged fellow . ''
Gary Martin states : `` William Dickinson 's A glossary of words and phrases pertaining to the dialect of Cumberland , 1899 , has :
`` Duddy fuddiel , a ragged fellow '' ''
and `` in 1833 , the Scots poet James Ballantyne wrote The Wee Raggit Laddie :
Wee stuffy , stumpy , dumpie laddie ,
Thou urchin elfin , bare an ' duddy ,
Thy plumpit kite an ' cheek sae ruddy ,
Are fairly baggit ,
Although the breekums on thy fuddy ,
Are e'en right raggit . ''
Application
`` Fuddy-duddy '' is used to indicate `` stuffiness '' and `` outmoded tastes and manners '' . For example , the Bentley car manufacturer was referred to as a `` fuddy-duddy '' brand in a 2004 Popular Science article .
Ambrose Bierce 's story Who Drives Oxen Should Himself be Sane , published in 1918 , starts out with a use of the word and discussion of it as a `` unique adjuration '' . The term is also used in the title of juvenile fiction including Kay Hoflander 's The Chautauqua Kids and the Fuddy Duddy Daddy : A Tale of Pancakes & Baseball , and the Uncle Fuddy-Duddy series by Roy Windham and Polly Rushton .
Gender
`` Fuddy-duddy '' is often used to refer to a man perceived as stodgy or foolish . It has been used throughout the 20th century , but its origins are unknown . The short form `` fud '' may relate to the Bugs Bunny cartoon character Elmer Fudd . The terms frump and old fart have also been used as words to designate similar qualities .
Female figures have been labelled with terms of a similar meaning , including `` school marm '' or `` marm '' , which could be used for an older female disciplinarian such as a stereotypical type of strict teacher .
Regional lingo
`` Fuddy-duddy '' was often used as a verb by a native of the state of Maine ... in the sense of 'to act in a foolish or ineffectual manner ' .
See also
Fuddle duddle
Prude
Prig
References
Pejorative terms for people
Prudishness
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1956 season .
Overview
It was contested by 5 teams , and KÍ Klaksvík won the championship .
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Nils Elias Børresen ( 1812–1863 ) was a Norwegian politician .
They were elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1848 , 1851 , 1854 , 1857 , 1859 and 1862 , representing the constituency of Flekkefjord . They worked as a merchant in that city . They were mayor of Flekkefjord in 1846 , 1849 , 1850 , 1852 and 1862 .
References
1812 births
1863 deaths
Norwegian businesspeople
Members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Vest-Agder
People from Flekkefjord
The agricultural cooperatives in Norway ( ) consists of 13 companies , each organised as independent farmer owned cooperatives . They cover four different areas for the farmers : refining and sale of produce , financial services , breeding and insemination , and retail of agricultural equipment . All the cooperatives cooperate through the company Norsk Landbrukssamvirke . In total the companies have a revenue of NOK 58 billion and have 18,000 employees . TINE and Nortura are responsible for about a quarter of the revenue each . Though none of the cooperatives hold any monopolies , their dominant position periodical causes debate about the structure of the agricultural processing industry .
Companies
Landkreditt ( mortgages )
Gjensidige ( insurance , not solely agricultural )
Felleskjøpet ( farming equipment retailer )
GENO ( breeding and insemination of cattle )
Norsk Kjøttfeavlslag ( breeding of cattle )
Norsvin ( breeding and insemination pigs )
Norsk Sau og Geit ( breeding and insemination of sheep and goats )
TINE ( dairy )
Diplom-Is ( ice cream )
Nortura ( slaughterhouses )
Gilde ( red meat )
Prior ( white meat and eggs )
Norges Skogeierforbund ( lumber trade )
Gartnerhallen ( fruit , berries and vegetable trade )
Honningcentralen ( honey trade )
HOFF Norske Potetindustrier ( potato products )
Norges Pelsdyralslag ( skins and fur )
See also
Agricultural cooperative
Cooperatives of Norway
External links
Norsk Landbrukssamvirke
The 1919 Washington Sun Dodgers football team was an American football team that represented the University of Washington during the 1919 college football season . In its second , non-consecutive season under coach Claude J . Hunt , the team compiled a 5–1 record , was co-champion of the Pacific Coast Conference , and outscored its opponents by a combined total of 202 to 31 . Ervin Dailey was the team captain . 1919 marked the university 's adoption of the Sun Dodgers nickname .
Schedule
References
Washington
Pac-12 Conference football champion seasons
Washington Huskies football seasons
Washington football
Ezequiel Zamora is one of the 13 municipalities of the state of Monagas , Venezuela . The municipality 's capital is Punta de Mata .
History
On 2021 , Oscar Cedeño was elected Major .
Geography
The Ezequiel Zamora municipality is northwest of Monagas State .
Economy
The oil activity , in the areas of El Tejero and Muri .
Education
The municipality has various schools and high schools , offering primary , secondary and diversified education .
Sports
It also has sports fields and stadiums , as the Municipal Stadium `` Los Evangélicos '' , located in Brisas del Aeropuerto de Punta de Mata .
Politics and government
Mayors
Ángel Guzmán ( 2008-2013 )
Raúl Brazon ( 2013-2017 )
Oscar Cedeño ( 2021-2025 )
References
Municipalities of Monagas
Angie Gold ( born Angelina Fiorina Kyte ) is a British singer whose song `` Eat You Up '' was a dance hit in 1985 .
Biography
Born into a musical and artistic Italian family , at the age of eight they were already performing in clubs on weekends . At 17 they did their first TV show .
In 1978 , Angie Gold released a single in Germany on Polydor . The title song , `` Der schönste Tag '' ( English translation : `` The most beautiful day '' ) , was a previously unreleased adaptation of `` If I Had Words '' .
At the age of 22 , they were a contestant on a Saturday night TV show called Search for a Star , where they were spotted by the CBS / Epic Sony record label . After signing a contract with them , they released a Gus Dudgeon-produced single titled `` Every Home Should Have One '' . After another single , they recorded their debut album , which was released in 1982 .
Gold 's second album , produced by Ben Findon , appeared later in the year . In 1982 from that album they competed at the 11th Tokyo Music Festival ( held at the Budokan ) , winning a `` silver '' award .
In 1985 , they released a song titled `` Eat You Up '' , which reached number 30 on the US Billboard disco chart . A Japanese-language cover of the song , titled `` Dancing Hero '' , was released by Yōko Oginome as their seventh single . The original ( published in Japan under the title `` Suteki na High Energy Boy '' ) was also popular there , spending four consecutive weeks at the very top of Oricon 's International Singles Chart in early 1986 .
In 1988 , Gold became the new voice of the South-African Hi-NRG band People Like Us and recorded songs including `` Resurrection '' and `` Two to Tango '' . They also recorded the ballad `` Prayer for You '' , which was originally co-written by Cindy Dickenson .
In late 2007 , they reunited with Ian Levine ( with whom they worked in the 1980s and 1990s , starting with the 1986 single `` Applause '' on Passion Records ) to record a new song titled `` No Pain No Gain '' for the various artists album Disco 2008 .
As of 2007–2009 , they lived in the Canary Islands .
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Angie Gold ( 1982 )
A Lady of Gold ( 1982 )
Applause ( 1986 )
Angie Gold ( 1988 )
Compilation albums
The Best of Angie Gold ( 1995 )
Albums with People Like Us
People Like Us ( 1988 )
Singles
References
External links
Official website ( archived )
British pop singers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
The Madison Parish School Board is an entity responsible for the operation of public schools in Madison Parish , Louisiana , United States . It is headquartered in the city of Tallulah .
Schools
Secondary schools
Grades 9-12
Madison High School ( Tallulah ) ( Jaguars )
Grades 6-8
Madison Middle School ( Tallulah )
Primary schools
Grades PK-5
Tallulah Elementary School ( Tallulah )
Wright Elementary School ( Tallulah )
Other Campuses
Grades 6-12
Christian Acres Alternative School ( Unincorporated area )
Demographics
Total Students ( as of October 1 , 2007 ) : 2,183
Gender
Male : 51 %
Female : 49 %
Race/Ethnicity
African American : 91.85 %
White : 6.96 %
Hispanic : 0.87 %
Asian : 0.32 %
Socio-Economic Indicators
At-Risk : 87.91 %
Free Lunch : 84.61 %
Reduced Lunch : 3.30 %
See also
List of school districts in Louisiana
References
External links
Madison Parish School Board - Official site .
School districts in Louisiana
Education in Madison Parish , Louisiana
Touchdown Glacier ( ) is a tributary of Darwin Glacier , flowing south between Roadend Nunatak and the Brown Hills . Mapped by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition ( VUWAE ) ( 1962–63 ) and so named because the glacier was used as a landing site for aircraft supporting the expedition .
Glaciers of Oates Land
This is a list of actors who have performed at the Royal National Theatre , which is based in London , England .
Peggy Ashcroft
Eileen Atkins
Tom Baker
Simon Russell Beale
Caroline Blakiston
Michael Brandon
Jeremy Brett
Jim Broadbent
Dora Bryan
Michael Bryant
Anna Calder-Marshall
Simon Callow
Michael Cashman
John Challis
Ian Charleson
David Collings
Rowena Cooper
Brian Cox
Felicity Dean
Judi Dench
Olympia Dukakis
Christopher Eccleston
Lynn Farleigh
Albert Finney
Ann Firbank
Michael Gambon
John Gielgud
Julian Glover
Adam Godley
Sheila Hancock
Nigel Havers
Ian Holm
Anthony Hopkins
Bernard Horsfall
Derek Jacobi
Louise Jameson
Martin Jarvis
Caroline John
Dinsdale Landen
Adrian Lester
Nigel Lindsay
Maureen Lipman
Helen McCrory
Phelim McDermott
Ian McKellen
Mark McManus
Lesley Manville
Helen Mirren
John Normington
Tracy Ann Oberman
Laurence Olivier
Trevor Peacock
Ronald Pickup
Joan Plowright
Christopher Plummer
Tim Preece
Corin Redgrave
Vanessa Redgrave
Alan Rickman
Diana Rigg
Paul Scofield
John Shrapnel
Lee Simpson
Maggie Smith
Robert Stephens
John Stride
Catherine Tate
David Tennant
Christopher Timothy
Benjamin Whitrow
Jodie Whittaker
John Wood
Adam Woodyatt
References
See also
List of people from London
List of British actors
Lists of theatre actors
Royal
Lists of people from London
Ziridava dysorga is a moth in the family Geometridae . It is found on Samoa and the Cook Islands .
References
Moths described in 1928
Eupitheciini
Crossford may refer to :
Crossford , Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland
formerly served by Crossford railway station
Crossford , Fife , Scotland
Crossford , South Lanarkshire , Scotland
Minhla is a town and seat of Minhla Township , Tharrawaddy District , in the Bago Region of southern-central Myanmar . It lies approximately 20 kilometres south of Okpho off National Highway 2 . It is located roughly 155 kilometres north of Yangon . Its population in 1908 was 2553 . Minhla was occupied during the Third Anglo-Burmese War .
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Tharrawaddy District
Township capitals of Myanmar
Acosta is one of the 13 municipalities of the state of Monagas , Venezuela . Its capital is San Antonio de Maturín . It has an area of 957 km2 and according to INE estimates its population for 2010 was 19,138 inhabitants . The municipality is made up of two parishes , San Antonio and San Francisco . Its name derives from the politician and leader , José Eusebio Acosta Peña .
History
Much of the municipality was founded by the monastery . The town of San Antonio de Capayacuar was founded on 7 August 1713 , by the Capuchin missionary Fray Gerónimo de Muro , with the help of the indigenous people of the region and of the Caribbeans . San Antonio de Capayacuar is also known as San Antonio de Maturín .
On 10 May 1714 , the town of San Francisco de Guayareguar was founded by Fray Guillermo de Mallorca .
In 1814 , Los Caballos community was accentuated on one side of the Colorado River . The populations of El Culantrillo and La Cagua were formed by neighboring states on the year 1875 . By 1890 the community of Las Piedras de San Antonio was born by the Guanaguana Indians .
By early 1912 , the Quiriquire community began to form .
With the project to build the Guamos dam , the town of Jobo Mocho was founded in 1970 .
It was in 1989 that it became official as a municipality , and was made up of two parishes .
On 1 January 2011 , Raúl Véliz was reelected as president of the Acosta Municipal Council .
By the end of August 2012 , the flooding of the Cocollar River left the Las Delicias de San Antonio sector cut off . Similarly , heavy rains affected the areas of La Pica , Tropezón , Río Cocollar , Puente de Miraflores , Triste and Cerro Negro .
Mayor Edgar Gutiérrez inaugurated the Valle de Capayacuar restaurant on 4 June 2013 , located on Bolívar Avenue in San Antonio de Capayacuar .
In November 2014 , the Lucía Guzmán Women 's Institute was created , inaugurated by Carmen Graciela Fernández , wife of Mayor Leansy Astudillo .
On 26 January 2017 , Mayor Leansy Astudillo and Monagas State Governor Yelitza Santaella inaugurated the “ Robert Serra ” dining room at the “ Manuel Saturnino Peñalver ” Bolivarian high school in the Rómulo Gallego sector , in San Antonio de Capayacuar . On 10 December 2017 , municipal elections were held and Justino Araguayan was elected for the 2017-2021 period .
Geography
It has the tropical climate of a humid forest with temperatures between 15 and 27 °C and average annual precipitation of 975 mm . The main water courses are the Guarapiche River and the Colorado River .
Economy
Acosta is mainly agricultural . Among the main production items are coffee , citrus fruits and vegetables although corn is also produced .
Tourism
The Doors of Miraflores ( Las Puertas de Miraflores ) are two mountains separated by the Guarapiche River .
Politics and government
Mayors
Leansy Astudillo ( PSUV ) . 2017 - 2021 .
Jesús Velásquez ( MUD ) . 2021 - present .
References
Municipalities of Monagas
Mount Walkinshaw is a mountain summit located in the Olympic Mountains , in Jefferson County of Washington state . It is situated within Olympic National Park , and is the northernmost peak in The Needles range , which is a subset of the Olympic range . Its nearest higher peak is Mount Clark , to the south , and Gray Wolf Ridge arcs to the northeast . Mount Walkinshaw is set in the eastern portion of the Olympic Mountains within the drainage basin of the Dungeness River . This position puts it in the rain shadow of the Olympic Range , resulting in less precipitation than Mount Olympus and the western Olympics receive .
History
Originally known as The Citadel , the Mount Walkinshaw name was officially adopted in 1965 to commemorate Robert B. Walkinshaw ( 1884-1963 ) , author and lawyer whose conservation efforts contributed to the establishment of Olympic National Park . The mountain 's name was submitted for consideration by Walter Walkinshaw , the son of Robert , with the location chosen to be next to Mount Clark , named for Irving M. Clark who was also a Seattle conservationist , and an old acquaintance of Robert Walkinshaw .
The first ascent of the peak was made in 1961 by Joe Munson and Jim Parolini .
Climate
Mount Walkinshaw is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America . Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean , and travel northeast toward the Olympic Mountains . As fronts approach , they are forced upward by the peaks of the Olympic Range , causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall ( Orographic lift ) . As a result , the Olympics experience high precipitation , especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall . During winter months , weather is usually cloudy , but , due to high pressure systems over the Pacific Ocean that intensify during summer months , there is often little or no cloud cover during the summer . Because of maritime influence , snow tends to be wet and heavy , resulting in avalanche danger . The months July through September offer the most favorable weather for climbing Mount Walkinshaw .
Geology
The Olympic Mountains are composed of obducted clastic wedge material and oceanic crust , primarily Eocene sandstone , turbidite , and basaltic oceanic crust . The mountains were sculpted during the Pleistocene era by erosion and glaciers advancing and retreating multiple times . Mt . Walkinshaw has a small rocky summit about 10 feet in diameter .
See also
Olympic Mountains
Geology of the Pacific Northwest
Geography of Washington ( state )
References
External links
Weather forecast : Mount Walkinshaw
Mountains of Washington ( state )
Olympic Mountains
Mountains of Jefferson County , Washington
Landforms of Olympic National Park
North American 2000 m summits
Lepidodactylus vanuatuensis is a species of gecko . It is endemic to Vanuatu .
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1998
Endemic fauna of Vanuatu
Reptiles of Oceania
Reptiles of Vanuatu
Westview Community Cemetery is a historic African-American cemetery in Pompano Beach , Florida .
It was created in 1952 during segregation when African-Americans could not be buried together with whites in Florida . the land for the cemetery was donated by Paul Hunter , Sr. , a local business person , to accommodate the interment of African-Americans in Pompano Beach .
It is the final resting place of Esther Rolle , actor famous for the 1970s sitcom Good Times and their sister Estelle Evans , from the 1962 movie To Kill a Mockingbird .
Gallery
References
Buildings and structures in Pompano Beach , Florida
1952 establishments in Florida
Cemeteries in Florida
African-American history of Florida
WAIZ ( 630 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting an oldie format to the Hickory , North Carolina , United States , area . The station is currently owned by Pacific Broadcast Group , Inc. and identifies itself as `` 63 Big Ways . '' The format recreates a format resembling a 1960s Top 40 station by using the jingles and other airchecks from WAYS ( which was the original `` Big Ways '' ) , a legendary Charlotte Top 40 station from the 1960s . Since the callsign and frequency of the original `` Big Ways '' was different , the jingles and airchecks used are those that feature the words `` Big Ways '' rather than the actual callsign or frequency . WAIZ 's music is drawn largely from the late 1950s and early 1960s , an era largely ignored by many oldies stations in their efforts to appeal to Baby Boomers . It often refers to its music as `` Real Oldies '' . Prior to Fall 2014 , the station carried broadcasts of The Elvis Only Hour , an hour of music exclusively from `` The King . '' This program aired on Saturdays and Sundays at noon , but has since ceased production .
History
WAIZ signed on in 1948 as WIRC from a transmitter site in southeast Hickory , North Carolina . In 1977 the station was sold to new owners , along with sister station WXRC . From 1980 , probably earlier , until sometime after 1982 , the station broadcast a country music format using the Drake-Chenault Great American Country programming service . As late as 1982 , the transmitter site remained at the original location . Sometime after 1982 , the owners of WIRC bought out another Hickory AM radio station . They moved the WIRC studios into those of the other station and began transmitting on 630 from the other station 's transmitter site , still using the WIRC call letters . Around 1993 the station was purchased by Pacific Broadcast Group with the studio facilities combined with sister station WNNC .
In 2016 , WAIZ installed an FM translator on 105.9 MHz running 250 watts .
External links
63 Big Ways Facebook
AIZ
AIZ
AIZ
Radio stations established in 1948
Endocladia muricata , commonly known as nailbrush seaweed or turfweed , is a marine alga that is widely distributed along the shores of the North Pacific Ocean , from Alaska to Punto Santo Tomas , Baja California .
E. muricata is common north of Point Conception , and is one of the most common algae in the high intertidal zone of the central California , coast . It commonly forms the top-most conspicuous band of seaweed along that coast . E. muricata often grows with Pelvetiopsis limitata ( dwarf rockweed ) and Mastocarpus papillatus ( Turkish washcloth ) , on rocks in the high intertidal .
E. muricata 's thallus is 4–8 cm tall , short & bushy ; branches cylindrical with sub-dichotomous branching ; covered with minute , soft conical spines ; blackish-brown to dark red to yellow . Dries to almost black . It is usually not slippery to walk on , dry or wet .
References
External links
Endocladia muricata at Algaebase
Photo of E. muricata with other seaweeds it commonly grows with , protected outer coast near Monterey , California
Endocladiaceae
Lisa Desjardins ( née Goddard ; born January 29 , 1972 ) is an American political journalist . They are a correspondent at PBS NewsHour and has previously worked for the Associated Press and CNN Radio . As of 2018 , they have reported on five U.S. presidential elections .
Early life and education
Desjardins was born in Hawaii but grew up in Annandale , Virginia . Them father was a Naval officer who retired at the rank of Captain and later worked as a college instructor . They have three siblings and seven half-siblings on their father 's side . They became interested in politics during their childhood .
Desjardins studied at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia , between 1990 and 1994 , earning a bachelor 's degree in economics . Subsequently , they spent two years doing Russian studies at Herzen University in Saint Petersburg , where they learned to speak Russian . Starting in 1996 , they attended Northwestern University 's Medill School of Journalism . They received a Master of Science degree in journalism from that university the following year .
Career
Desjardins ' first job in journalism was at the local television station WBTW in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , between 1998 and 1999 , when they were fired . Next , they worked as a freelance reporter for The Sun News , a Myrtle Beach newspaper , and , at the same time , as a freelance reporter for the news agency Reuters . After a few months , in October 1999 , they left The Sun News and joined the Columbia NBC-affiliate WIS as a political reporter , while they remained a reporter for Reuters . At WIS , they covered the South Carolina Legislature , the debate on the display of the Confederate Flag at the South Carolina State House , and the 2000 Republican presidential primaries . In 2003 , Desjardins became a reporter in the Washington , D.C. bureau of the Associated Press , where they reported on , among other things , the 2004 presidential election ; Medicaid ; hurricanes ; and the Iraq War .
Next , Desjardins moved to CNN , where they worked for nine years from 2005 to 2014 . They were CNN Radio 's Congressional correspondent , but also occasionally reported for CNN.com and CNN 's news channel . Desjardins reported on the 2010 Haiti earthquake for CNN Radio , whose coverage was awarded a Sigma Delta Chi Award . When CNN Radio was shut down in June 2013 , they were transferred to CNN 's Washington Bureau , where they worked as a Capitol Hill reporter . They were part of the team that covered the 2008 presidential primaries . CNN received a Peabody Award in 2008 for the team 's coverage . During their time at CNN , they and Rick Emerson wrote a book on personal finance , entitled Zombie Economics : A Guide to Personal Finance . It was published in May 2011 by Avery Publishing . Desjardins chaired the June 2014 annual dinner of the Radio and Television Correspondents ' Association . They left CNN after being laid off in August 2014 .
Desjardins joined PBS NewsHour in October 2014 as a political reporter , and in July 2015 was elevated to Political Director , appearing on camera from the studio and from the U.S. Capitol . They also write articles for the NewsHour website . Them current title on the NewsHour is Capitol Hill Correspondent .
Desjardins was inside the U.S. Capitol on January 6 , 2021 , covering the counting and certification of the 2020 Presidential Electoral College votes when the building was attacked by violent mobs . Despite being assaulted by a rioter , they continued reporting live throughout the attack and was evacuated alongside members of Congress and staffers to the Longworth House Office Building . Later that evening , Desjardins returned to cover the delayed certification process and remained in the Capitol until 3:45 AM the following morning . In 2022 , PBS NewsHour received a Peabody Award for its January 6 reporting , with Desjardins the only reporter broadcasting live from the Capitol outside of the area under lockdown .
Personal life
Desjardins has been married to Jason Desjardins since 2007 . They have a son , who was born in 2016 , and they live in Alexandria , Virginia .
References
External links
21st-century American journalists
Living people
1972 births
American newspaper reporters and correspondents
Associated Press reporters
Reuters people
PBS people
CNN people
People from Alexandria , Virginia
Journalists from Hawaii
American women radio journalists
American radio reporters and correspondents
American women television journalists
American television reporters and correspondents
American political journalists
21st-century American women
The North City was an administrative area in the ancient Egyptian city of Amarna in Upper Egypt , the short-lived capital of Pharaoh Akhenaten of the 18th Dynasty . It contains the ruins of royal palaces , especially the Northern Palace and other administrative buildings and occupies an area between the river and the cliffs that terminate the plains to the north of the city itself .
Akhetaten was the capital city of the 18th-dynasty king , Akhenaten , called by some ‘ the heretic king ' . Akhenaten , formerly Amenhotep IV , built their city in a bay of cliffs on the east bank of the Nile as a centre for the worship of their ‘ new ' religion , Atenism . The archaeology of the city is defined by low excavated or reconstructed walls and in some cases only bare outlines of the structures can be made out on the sand-covered plain , since most of the stonework was removed in ancient times and any remaining mudbrick is badly decayed . Only one generation after Akhenaten 's death , there were few physical remains of their superb innovative structures , for a short moment in history one of the greatest cities of ancient Egypt .
The brief Amarna Period was a period of startling artistic and cultural breakthroughs . Amenhotep IV came to the throne about 1350 B.C . and redirected the state religion to the worship of one god , the sun god Aten , and suppressed the worship of others . Some have called them the world 's first monotheist . Amenhotep IV changed their name to Akhenaten ( `` One Who Serves Aten '' ) and moved their capital from Thebes down the Nile to an area they named Akhetaten ( `` Horizon of the Sun-Disk '' ) , today known as Amarna . It was previously unoccupied and thus was a blank page upon which the pharaoh could write their new history of the world . Despite their radical beliefs ( monotheism ) , Akhenaten did not abandon all tradition , and they apparently prepared a royal tomb for themselves and their family in the cliffs of Amarna . Their mummy is yet to be found .
References
Amarna
Business travel is travel undertaken for work or business purposes , as opposed to other types of travel , such as for leisure purposes or regularly commuting between one 's home and workplace . According to a survey , 88 % small business owners enjoy business travel .
Jobs involving business travel
In the twenty-first century , many jobs involve periodic or frequent business travel . Common careers involving business travel include :
Salespeople
Sales engineers
Executives
Field engineers
Project managers
Trainers
Consultants
Additionally , it is common to see doctors , nurses , and other medical professionals flying for work . Often lawyers , politicians , athletes , clergy , military , academics , and journalists conduct business travel on a regular basis .
Negatives to business travel
Employees who travel for work on a regular basis often experience loneliness , depression , and reduced mental health . In 2019 , 1 in 5 business travelers reported business travel negatively affected their mental health . Additionally , they may miss important family events creating additional relationship stress . `` Travel management professionals , along with their colleagues in HR and department heads , are increasingly aware that corporate travel policies contribute to employees ' job satisfaction . ''
Positives to business travel
Business travel has many positive benefits for employees the largest being the opportunity to see parts of the world on the company 's expense . Today , many business travellers incorporate bleisure travel into their work travel . Studies on chess imply performance increases during travel .
See also
Business tourism
Environmental effects of aviation
Travel Management Companies
[ Practical Tips for Corporate Travelers ] ]
References
Bibliography
External links
Corporate Travel Leader 's Outlook report on how business travel is changing post-pandemic .
Types of travel
Ben Johnson House may refer to :
Ben Johnson House ( Bardstown , Kentucky ) , listed on the NRHP in Kentucky
Ben Johnson House ( Flemingsburg Junction , Kentucky ) , listed on the NRHP in Kentucky
Clear Channel UK is the British division of iHeartMedia , a global media conglomerate based in San Antonio , Texas , United States of America . It operates through a complex group structure , with some 70 UK subsidiary companies .
As with its U.S. parent , the entertainment division is no longer part of Clear Channel UK , but is now a separate subsidiary , known as Live Nation UK that is part of a separate company , Live Nation which is no longer owned by iHeartMedia .
Clear Channel UK
Clear Channel UK is an Out of Home media owner , operating over 40,000 advertising sites across the UK . These sites include classic Adshel 6-sheet posters , digital Adshel Live 6-sheet posters , digital 6-sheet screens and large format screens at malls nationwide , as well as Sainsbury 's and Asda supermarkets , and smaller Socialite screens in pubs and bars ; classic billboards , digital Wrap billboards , and large format digital Storm sites .
Corporate Structure
Relation to ClearChannel Group Structure
Clear Channel has 3 main UK holding companies ( highlighted in red on the table below ) , all of which are wholly owned subsidiaries of ClearChannel International Holdings BV , registered in the Netherlands .
The Netherlands company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Clear Channel Communications Inc , which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange .
List of Main UK subsidiaries
This information was modified from the original information taken from the UK Companies Database in April 2005 , and re-ordered to show the relationships between holding companies and subsidiaries more clearly . Companies previously associated with Clear Channel Entertainment have been removed as they were spun off into a separate company now associated with `` Live Nation '' . Each company 's subsidiaries are displayed directly below it . Each line shows , in the following order :
Number of holding companies . This shows the 'level of ownership ' of the company - the number of holding companies between it and iHeartMedia , the main Clear Channel company which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange . Clear Channel Entertainment UK Limited ( shown in red ) is held by 2 'parent ' companies - ClearChannel International Holdings BV , registered in the Netherlands , and Clear Channel Communications Inc , which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange . Their subsidiaries ( in dark grey ) have 3 holding ( parent ) companies . Their subsidiaries ( light grey ) have 4 holding companies , and so forth .
Number of subsidiary companies . This table only shows the main subsidiary companies . Some of the light grey companies have many subsidiaries which are listed in the table below . This layout is intended to make the table clearer .
Notes from the Companies Database indicating the company 's purpose .
The information given in the Companies Database is not fully up to date - companies normally have a time window in which to file documents , and even when filed , the documents may take some time to become available on the database . Both tables only include active companies . Companies officially designated as 'dormant ' or 'wound up ' are not shown in the table , but are counted as 'subsidiaries ' in the table above . This is why some companies in the table above will show more subsidiaries than are included in the table below .
List of Minor UK subsidiaries
External links
Clear Channel UK
Clear Channel International
IHeartMedia
Joanna Van Gyseghem ( born 4 September 1941 ) is a British actor .
They were educated at Malvern Girls ' College and Trinity College , Dublin . Them father André van Gyseghem was an actor and director , and their mother Jean Forbes-Robertson an actor . Them maternal grandparents were the actors Gertrude Elliot and Sir Johnston Forbes-Robertson and their great-aunt was American actor Maxine Elliott .
Career
Van Gyseghem appeared in the TV series Fraud Squad as Detective Sergeant Hicks in 1969–70 . In 1972 , they played Olivia in Twelfth Night ; Punch commented on their performance `` veering from intimations of imperiousness to anticipations of lechery with great charm and fine technical control '' . In 1977 , they appeared in two episodes of the drama series Secret Army in which they played Dorothy Neville . The episodes ; `` Lost Sheep '' and `` Guilt '' were both written by N.J . Crisp .
They also played Linda Cochran in the television sitcom Duty Free and Marigold Featherstone , wife of Guthrie Featherstone , QC , MP , in Rumpole of the Bailey . They also co-starred with Liza Goddard in London Weekend Television 's television comedy Pig in the Middle as Susan Wade , the controlling wife of the principal character Barty Wade played by Dinsdale Landen .
Van Gyseghem had a guest role in the British sitcom Barbara . They played the role of Yvonne , an ex-girlfriend of Barbara 's ( Gwen Taylor ) husband Ted , who visits from Miami to attend the wedding in the episode `` Wedding '' . Yvonne takes a romantic interest in Ted ; Van Gyseghem thus played Taylor 's love rival , as they had done in Duty Free .
They appeared in the series The Darling Buds of May as Felicity Harran in 1993 , in the TV series Heartbeat as Penelope Ealham in 2000 , and played the role of Camilla Greenwood in the BBC soap opera EastEnders in 2008 .
Personal life
They married actor Ralph Bates ; the couple divorced in 1973 . Them hobbies have included making jewellery .
Notes
External links
1941 births
Living people
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
English television actores
English people of Belgian descent
English people of Scottish descent
People from Royal Tunbridge Wells
People educated at Malvern St James
Actresses from Kent
Gopalakrishnan s/o Subramaniam , also known as S Gopalakrishnan , is a Malaysian politician from PKR . They were the Member of Johor State Legislative Assembly for Tiram from 2018 to 2022 .
Politics
They are the Vice President of PKR Johor and Chief of Johor Indian Community Bureau .
Election result
References
Malaysian politicians
People 's Justice Party ( Malaysia ) politicians
Members of the Johor State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian people of Indian descent
Malaysian politicians of Indian descent
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Maksymilian Sitek ( born 4 December 2000 ) is a Polish professional footballer who mainly plays as a winger for I liga side Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała .
Career statistics
References
External links
2000 births
People from Rzeszów
Living people
Polish footballers
Poland under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Siarka Tarnobrzeg players
Puszcza Niepołomice players
Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała players
Stal Mielec players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
II liga players
Sigbjørn Ravnåsen ( 26 August 1941 – 11 August 2016 ) was a Norwegian researcher , principal and politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
They were born in Herefoss as a son of a mine labourer . After Kristiansand Teacher 's College between 1959 and 1963 they worked as a teacher in Flå and Indre Arna between 1964 and 1970 . They also studied one year at the Norwegian Central School of Gymnastics and two years at NLA University College . From 1970 to 1998 they were a school principal in Sauherad .
Ravnåsen chaired Sauherad Christian Democratic Party from 1978 to 1983 and Telemark Christian Democratic Party from 1986 to 1994 after three years as deputy leader . They were never an elected local politician , but chaired Sauherad 's cultural council from 1981 to 1982 . They served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Telemark during the terms 1989–1993 and 1993–1997 . From 1989 to 1990 they met as a regular representative , covering for Solveig Sollie who served in Syse 's Cabinet . They were a member of the Standing Committee on Agriculture , and also party whip . In total they met during 1 year and 183 days of parliamentary session .
In 1998 Ravnåsen was hired by Telemarksforsking to head a research project on the ethics of lay preacher and business person Hans Nielsen Hauge . They released the book Ånd og hånd : Hans Nielsen Hauges etikk for ledelse og næringsliv in 2002 . The book was translated into English , French and Estonian , and came in a revised edition in 2015 . After concluding the project , Ravnåsen continued at Telemarksforskning until 2005 , and became managing director of the Hauge Institute in Kristiansand in 2006 . They remained so until they were struck by aggressive cancer and died in 2016 .
Ravnåsen was married and had four children , several grandchildren and great-grandchildren . They were also active in Normisjon .
References
1941 births
2016 deaths
People from Midtre Gauldal
Heads of schools in Norway
Norwegian academics
Deputy members of the Storting
Christian Democratic Party ( Norway ) politicians
Politicians from Telemark
Norwegian Lutherans
20th-century Lutherans
Llandevaud is a small hamlet in east Newport , Wales with a church about a half mile from the village centre , going down towards The Foresters Oaks , a restaurant and public house , previously named the Rising Sun . Near the church was a primary school , now a private dwelling , which closed down in the early 1960s . The last teachers at the school , the Phillipses , husband and wife , lived on the premises . At the time of its closure there were 25 pupils attending the school . Pupils were transferred to another larger school at Langstone , nearby .
Villages in Newport , Wales
Districts of Newport , Wales
Sebastião Laranjeiras is a Brazilian municipality of Bahia state . Its estimated population in 2020 was 11,512 inhabitants .
History
Sebastião Laranjeiras , had its origin in the mid-nineteenth century , in a camp in the name of Boqueirão Palmeiras , belonging to the city of Palmas de Monte Alto . Founded by the family Parreiras , lived several years with that name and category . In the year of 1939 was elevated to the category of Villa , with the designation of the Town Parreiras . In the year 1944 , became the name of `` Chamber of Town '' by the emancipation policy . After 19 years was presented to the state Legislative Assembly a bill proposing the creation of the municipality of Sebastião Laranjeiras , adopting the name of the region 's most illustrious son , the bishop of Porto Alegre D. Sebastião Dias Laranjeira . This project was proposed by Mr Nicholas M. Suerdieck with the support of several other members . To this end was a broken area of 1854 square kilometers of the city of Palmas de Monte Alto . This proposal for full emancipation had the support of political leaders of the City Council and the Mayor of Palmas de Monte Alto , and was covered with a success on July 30 , 1962 . The Governor of the State sanctioned Law no . 1772 , 30 July 1962 , published in Official Gazette of July 31 , 1962 , creating the municipality of Sebastião Laranjeiras .
References
Municipalities in Bahia
João António dos Anjos Rocha was an entrepreneur and Portuguese sports manager . They were president of Sporting CP between September 7 , 1973 and October 3 , 1986 .
During their presidency numerous business projects were realized , including the first project of club-company in Portugal , approved by the partners in November 1973 , denominated `` Society of Constructions and Planning '' .
The current pavilion of Sporting Clube de Portugal was named Pavilhão João Rocha in order to honor the former president .
References
Portuguese business executives
Sporting CP presidents
1930 births
2013 deaths
People from Setúbal
Kalagh Neshin ( ) may refer to :
Kalagh Neshin , Markazi
Kalagh Neshin , Qom
Spofforth with Stockeld is a civil parish in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire , England .
According to the 2001 UK census , Spofforth with Stockeld parish had a population of 1,121 , increasing to 1,169 at the 2011 census .
The parish includes the ruins of Spofforth Castle and the Stockeld Park estate .
Governance
Spofforth with Stockeld parish is in the Harrogate Borough electoral ward of Spofforth with Lower Wharfedale . This ward stretches south-west to Huby and has a total population of 3,100 at the 2011 Census .
The parish falls under the House of Commons constituency of Selby and Ainsty , whose MP is Nigel Adams of the Conservative Party .
See also
Spofforth , North Yorkshire
References
External links
www.spofforthvillage.org the village website
Civil parishes in North Yorkshire
Horvath Island is a small island close north of Watkins Island , in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica . It was mapped from air photos taken by the Falkland Islands and Dependencies Aerial Survey Expedition ( 1956–57 ) , and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Stephen M. Horvath , an American physiologist who has specialized in the peripheral circulation of man in climatic extremes .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Biscoe Islands
The Global Communications Conference ( GLOBECOM ) is an annual international academic conference organised by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ' Communications Society . The first GLOBECOM was organised by the Communications Society 's predecessor in 1957 , with the full name of `` National Symposium on Global Communications '' . The seventh GLOBECOM , in 1965 was called the `` IEEE Communications Convention '' and after that the conference was renamed as the International Conference on Communications ( ICC ) and GLOBECOM was no longer organised .
By 1982 , the need for a second annual international conference on communications was apparent , and so the IEEE National Telecommunications Conference was re-organised to be international in scope , and renamed to the `` Global Communications Conference '' , resurrecting the GLOBECOM acronym . GLOBECOM has been held annually since .
Recent GLOBECOMs have been attended by about 1,500 people . IEE has more than 400,000 members in 150 countries .
Past and Upcoming Conferences
See also
1912 London International Radiotelegraphic Convention
Communications
References
IEEE conferences
Telecommunication conferences
Computer networking conferences
An occipital bun , also called an occipital spur , occipital knob , chignon hook or inion hook , is a prominent bulge or projection of the occipital bone at the back of the skull . It is important in scientific descriptions of classic Neanderthal crania . It is found among archaic Homo species ( including Neanderthals ) , as well as Upper Pleistocene Homo sapiens and present-day human populations .
Occipital buns in Neanderthals
The occipital bun is a protuberance of the occipital bone . Its size and shape has been compared to that of a dinner roll . It is a quintessential trait of Neanderthals , though it is a trend in archaic Homo species . The true purpose of the occipital bun has not yet been defined . However , some studies have found possible evolutionary purposes . In a study published in Proceedings of the Royal Society B , the occipital bun has been attributed to the enlargement of the visual cortex ; this is hypothesized to be an adaptation to lower light levels found in the higher latitudes of Europe . This enlarged visual cortex also correlates with larger eyes among Neanderthals . The occipital bun has also been hypothesized to function in relieving stress on the neck muscles , offsetting the weight of the Neanderthal 's heavier , more robust face .
Homology
A study conducted by Lieberman , Pearson and Mowbray provides evidence that individuals with narrow heads ( dolichocephalic ) or narrow cranial bases and relatively large brains are more likely to have occipital buns as a means of resolving a spatial packing problem . This differs from Neanderthals , who have wider cranial bases . This suggests that there is no homology in the occipital buns of Neanderthals and Homo sapiens .
In addition to Neanderthals , fossilized early modern Homo sapiens of Europe have been found to have occipital buns . Many current-day modern human populations , including Lapps , the bushmen of South Africa , and Australian aboriginals , have frequent occurrences of occipital buns . However , as previously mentioned , there is no evidence of homology between Neanderthals and Homo sapiens .
Occipital buns in Homo sapiens
As mentioned above , fossilized early modern Homo sapiens of Europe , as well as current-day modern human populations , such as Lapps , the bushmen of South Africa , and Australian aboriginals , have some prevalence of occipital buns . Among modern humans , there are three classes of occipital buns : type I ( smooth ) , type II ( crest form ) , and type III ( spine form ) . Type I has been found to be more common in women , while type III is more common in men . In some cases , individuals with occipital buns experience a range of symptoms . The most common symptoms include tenderness at the back of the skull while lying down and/or when moving the neck . A surgical procedure can be done to reduce the size of the occipital bun and relieve symptoms .
See also
Bone terminology
External occipital protuberance
Terms for anatomical location
References
External links
PBS.org - 'Neanderthals on Trial ' ( January 22 , 2002 )
Skeletal system
Skull
Pope Clement XII ( r. 1730–1740 ) created 35 cardinals in 15 consistories .
August 14 , 1730
Neri Maria Corsini
October 2 , 1730
Alessandro Aldobrandini
Girolamo Grimaldi
Bartolomeo Massei
Bartolomeo Ruspoli
September 24 , 1731
Vincenzo Bichi
Sinibaldo Doria
Giuseppe Firrao
Antonio Saverio Gentili
Giovanni Antonio Guadagni
October 1 , 1732
Troiano Acquaviva d'Aragona
Agapito Mosca
March 2 , 1733
Domenico Riviera
September 28 , 1733
Marcello Passeri
Giovanni Battista Spínola
March 24 , 1734
Pompeio Aldrovandi
Serafino Cenci
Pietro Maria Pieri
Giacomo Lanfredini
January 17 , 1735
Giuseppe Spinelli
December 19 , 1735
Infante Luis , Count of Chinchón
December 20 , 1737
Tomás de Almeida
Henri-Osvald de la Tour d'Auvergne de Bouillon
Joseph Dominicus von Lamberg
Gaspar de Molina y Oviedo
Jan Aleksander Lipski
Rainiero d'Elci
Carlo Rezzonico
June 23 , 1738
Domenico Silvio Passionei
December 19 , 1738
Silvio Valenti Gonzaga
February 23 , 1739
Carlo Gaetano Stampa
Pierre Guérin de Tencin
June 15 , 1739
Marcellino Corio
September 30 , 1739
Prospero Colonna di Sciarra
Carlo Maria Sacripante
References
Clement XII
College of Cardinals
18th-century Catholicism
Cannington Station is a railway station serving the suburb of Cannington south of Perth , Western Australia . It is located from Perth Station on the Armadale/Thornlie Line , part of the Transperth network .
History
The original Cannington station was located between Station Street and Crawford Road in East Cannington , and was one of the original stations operational when the Armadale Line opened in 1889 . As part of the electrification of the line in the early 1990s , the original Cannington station was replaced by a new station to the north-west .
Future
As part of a Metronet project for several level crossing removals on the Armadale line , Cannington Station will be rebuilt as a new elevated station with island platforms , and a larger , 16 stand bus interchange underneath the station platforms . The new platforms will be the length of a six car train , as opposed to the current platforms which are the length of a four car train . The station platforms will be accessed by lift and stairs , with provisions for escalators and fare gates to be added in the future . The project will also replace the siding south-east of the station with a central double-ended turnback siding to allow the safe reversal of future six-car trains .
Services
Cannington station is served by Transperth Train Operations Armadale/Thornlie Line services .
The station saw 865,018 passengers in the 2013-14 financial year .
Platforms
Bus routes
References
External links
Gallery History of Western Australian Railways & Stations
Armadale and Thornlie lines
Railway stations in Perth , Western Australia
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1897
Cannington , Western Australia
Bus stations in Perth , Western Australia
On 25 March 2020 , ISIS-Haqqani network gunmen and suicide bombers attacked the Gurdwara Har Rai Sahib ( a Sikh shrine ) in Kabul , Afghanistan .
About 200 worshipers were reported to have been in the building , in which 25 Sikh worshippers were killed and leaving at least 8 wounded after an hour-long siege which ended in all assailants being killed by responding security forces . At least one child was said to have been among people who were killed , according to the ministry of interior 's statement .
The Islamic extremist and militant organization Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) has claimed responsibility . The gunmen were identified as Abu Khalid al-Hind and Murshid Mohammed T.K.J both Indian citizens from the state of Kerala . Abu Khalid al-Hindi whose real name is Mohammed Sajid Kuthirummal and Murshid Mohammed T.K.J hail from Kasargod in Kerala , India and had joined ISIS like many others from their state . Owing to the large number of youth joining ISIS from Kerala , ISIS reportedly opened a Hind division to accumulate the Malayalam speaking fighters who had difficulty in communicating with other fighters .
Attack
The attacks started in the gurdwara 's sanctuary area where 200 worshipers were praying at about 7:45 am interrupting worship that started an hour earlier . The attackers threw grenades and broke into the shrine then started opening fire on people . Afterwards , the attackers took hostages inside of the building , exchanging fire with security forces till all three attackers were killed and at least 80 hostages freed after a shootout that lasted for 6 hours .
After the attack , Afghan and NATO soldiers helped with the clearance operation .
On Thursday , as families of the deceased and members of the community were conveying the bodies to the burial grounds in the Qalacha area in the afternoon , another blast was reported to have gone off remotely , near the crowd . There were no casualties from the blast .
This was not the first such attack on Sikhs ; a similar Islamic State attack on Sikhs killed many in Jalalabad in 2018 . Gurdwaras have also been damaged previously , such as during the Battle of Jalalabad ( 1989 ) and the Afghan Civil War of the 1990s .
Perpetrator
Initial government reports suggested that Ashraf Ghani 's government blamed Haqqani network for the attack , but Taliban denied its role . Shortly after , the SITE Intelligence Group announced that the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant – Khorasan Province claimed responsibility right after the attack through various social media accounts . The gunman was identified as Abu Khalid al-Hindi , an Indian citizen from Padne in the Kasargod district of Kerala state . An Indian source revealed al-Hindi was wanted in a 2016 NIA case , and had previously worked as a shopkeeper in their native town . The Afghan NDS said the perpetrator left India in 2018 to join ISIS Khorasan in Afghanistan . Indian intelligence agencies identified them as Mohammed Sajid Kuthirummal .
In a communique , the ISIS said the attack was carried out in response to the `` Indian government 's actions in Jammu and Kashmir '' . The attack mastermind and ISIS-K emir Abdullah Orakzai , alias Aslam Farooqi , was captured by the National Directorate of Security on 4 April along with 19 others .
The Afghan National Directorate of Security in April arrested a group of eight that included operatives from both ISIS-K and Haqqani network . Another five members were killed in the raid which happened in Kabul . The group was involved in many attacks including on the gurdwara , the rocket attack on a ceremony during which Ashraf Ghani was sworn in as the President in March 2020 and a rocket attack on Bagram Airfield in April . It was reported that one of the arrested ISIS militants was linked to Pakistan 's ISI .
Casualties
This assault resulted in the death of 25 civilians including one child , while another eight were wounded according to the ministry of interior 's statement .
One of those who died in the attack is Tian Singh , a 71-year old Indian citizen from Delhi whose family members demanded that their remains should be brought to India .
Reactions
The attack was condemned by multiple people worldwide including ;
India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi who said : `` I am saddened by the terror attack at the Gurudwara in Kabul . I express my condolences to the families of all the deceased '' .
India 's Defence Minister Rajnath Singh tweeted on Twitter saying : `` The terrorist attack on a Sikh Gurudwara in Kabul is extremely reprehensible . My heart goes out to the families of those who have lost their loved ones in this heinous act against humanity . I also pray for the speedy recovery of the injured '' .
Afghanistan Ministry Spokesman tweeted saying : `` The enemy has once again exposed its savage character by launching today 's terrorist attacks on our dear countrymen . Terrorists will surely be punished . ''
Amnesty International South Asia tweeted : `` We are shocked and disheartened to see the attack against the Sikh minority today in Kabul . They are a small religious community in Afghanistan who were persecuted by the Taliban when the [ group ] was in power . The authorities have a responsibility to protect minorities and their places of worship in Afghanistan . The suspected perpetrators must be held accountable through fair trials without recourse to the death penalty . ''
Pakistan Ministry of Foreign Affairs made a statement highlighting : `` Such despicable attacks have no political , religious or moral justification and must be rejected outright . ''
U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres said : `` Attacks against civilians are unacceptable and those who carry out such crimes must be held accountable '' .
External Affairs Ministry of India said : `` We convey our sincerest condolences to the immediate family members of the deceased and wish speedy recovery to the injured , India stands ready to extend all possible assistance to the affected families of the Hindu and Sikh community of Afghanistan . ''
United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said : `` I want to address the ISIS-K claimed attack in Afghanistan . The United States condemns the horrific ISIS-K claimed attack on a Sikh temple and community center in Kabul this morning which took the lives of more than two dozen innocent people . The Afghan people deserve a future free from ISIS-K and other terrorist activity . ''
Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani condemned the attack saying : `` The attack on the religious sites shows the extreme weakness of the enemy , religious sites should not be vulnerable to attacks and violence . ''
Acting Secretary of State for South and Central Asia , Alice Wells tweeted : `` The US condemns in the strongest possible terms the horrific ISIS-claimed attack on a Sikh temple and community centre in Kabul today . We mourn the deceased and will hold the wounded , their families , and their community close to our hearts . ''
References
2020 murders in Afghanistan
Gurdwara attack
2020 mass shootings in Asia
Gurdwara attack
21st-century mass murder in Afghanistan
Attacks on buildings and structures in 2020
Gurdwara
Attacks on religious buildings and structures in Afghanistan
ISIL terrorist incidents in Afghanistan
Islamic terrorist incidents in 2020
March 2020 crimes in Asia
March 2020 events in Afghanistan
Mass murder in 2020
Gurdwara attack
Massacres of Sikhs
Terrorist incidents in Afghanistan in 2020
Gurdwara attack
Haqqani network
Afghanistan–India relations
Islamic terrorism in Afghanistan
Religiously motivated violence in Afghanistan
Persecution of Sikhs
Persecution by Muslims
Anti-Indian sentiment in Asia
Anti-Hindu sentiment
The Papuan scrubwren ( Aethomyias papuensis ) is a species of bird in the family Acanthizidae . It is found in the highlands of New Guinea ; its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
This species was formerly placed in the genus Sericornis but following the publication of a molecular phylogenetic study of the scrubwrens in 2018 , it was moved to the resurrected genus Aethomyias .
References
Papuan scrubwren
Papuan scrubwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
On 11 December 1962 , Ronald Turpin was one of the two last people to be executed in Canada . Turpin had been convicted of the murder of Metropolitan Toronto police officer Frederick Nash , 31 . On 12 February 1962 , Nash pulled Turpin over for a broken taillight while the latter was fleeing from a robbery . The two men got into a shootout , and Nash suffered a fatal gunshot wound to the abdomen . Turpin was hit twice , once in the arm and once in the face , giving them a scar on their left cheek .
The method of execution was hanging , and the sentence was carried out at the Don Jail . The other prisoner simultaneously executed was Arthur Lucas , who had been convicted of an unrelated murder . When both men were informed that they would likely be the last people ever to hang in Canada , Turpin said , `` Some consolation . ''
References
1933 births
1962 deaths
People executed for murder
Executed Canadian people
People executed by Canada by hanging
20th-century executions by Canada
Canadian people convicted of murdering police officers
People executed for murdering police officers
Walker Shoal , also known as Manbu Ansha ( ) is a shoal in the Macclesfield Bank in the South China Sea .
There are no islands , no land above sea-level , no settlements , and no inhabitants in the region . The least depth shown on the nautical chart is .
Although the area is claimed by the PRC and the ROC , no country has control of the region .
The PRC claim that it is administered as part of the Zhongsha Dao and Jiao Neighborhood Committee township-level division , in the county-level division of Zhongsha District of Sansha prefecture-level city , in Hainan province . However , it is not clear where the seat of this committee is .
An Xinhuanet.com story dated 27 June 2013 stated that `` a maritime fishery resource breeding and research base '' had been established in the area . The article goes on to say :
'' The base ... covers a sea area of 625 hectares ... Aquaculture researchers will put 20,000 grouper fry , 20,000 spats of pearl oysters , 20,000 spats of pteria penguin , a genus of winged oyster , and 20,000 pieces of red seaweeds eucheuma into the sea for research ... Researchers will carry out a field investigation and scientific research activities on the meteorological , hydrological and topographic conditions , maritime species , submarine grassland and coral reefs in the Manbu Ansha area over the next three days ...
References
Zhongsha Islands
Mohammed Abdel Nabi ( ; born 1977 ) is an Egyptian writer . They studied languages at Al-Azhar University .
Abdel Nabi has published books in a number of genres , including short stories , novellas and novels . A freelance translator by profession , Abdel Nabi also runs a creative writing workshop .
Awards and honors
Their novel The Return of the Sheikh was nominated for the Arabic Booker Prize . In 2010 , their short story collection The Ghost of Anton Chekhov won the Sawiris Literature Prize . Their novel In the Spider 's Room was shortlisted for the 2017 International Prize for Arabic Fiction .
References
1977 births
Living people
Egyptian novelists
People from Dakahlia Governorate
Al-Azhar University alumni
Mahmudabad-e Now ( , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Now and Maḩmūdābād Now ; also known as Maḩmūdābād and Mahūdābād Now ) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 169 , in 38 families .
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Alberto Mijangos ( born July 25 , 1925 , Mexico City – June 19 , 2007 San Antonio , Texas ) was a Mexican-American artist and painter .
Mijangos was born in Mexico City . Mijangos dropped out of school in Mexico . However , they went on to study at the San Carlos Art Academy in Mexico City and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago . They witnessed Diego Rivera , considered one of Mexico 's most successful artists , paint murals on the country 's National Palace .
Mijangos moved to the city of San Antonio , Texas , sometime in the 1950s . Their paintings were abstracts that dealt with social and spiritual issues . Mijangos began operating a small museum for the Mexican government in San Antonio , Texas , in 1959 . The downtown San Antonio museum has since become known as the Instituto de Mexico en San Antonio . After leaving the Instituto , Mijangos ran the Blue Door Gallery , and later Salon Mijangos , a small art school with a gallery space on the south side of San Antonio .
Mijangos died on June 19 , 2007 , of lymphoma .
External Links and References
Alberto Mijangos Obituary ( Associated Press )
Alberto Mijangos Obituary ( San Antonio Express-News )
Discussion of Mijangos ' `` Chones '' Series
Discussion of Mijangos ' `` T-shirt '' Series
Art at Our Doorstep : San Antonio Writers and Artists featuring Alberto Mijangos . Edited by Nan Cuba and Riley Robinson ( Trinity University Press , 2008 ) .
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
Mexican emigrants to the United States
American artists of Mexican descent
1925 births
2007 deaths
Deaths from lymphoma
Deaths from cancer in Texas
20th-century American male artists
Punjab Assembly Committee on Local Bodies of Punjab Legislative Assembly is constituted annually for a one year period from among the members of the Assembly . This Committee consists of thirteen members . The chairperson and the members are appointed by the Punjab Assembly speaker . In 2021 , Punjab Assembly 'Committee Local Bodies and Panchayati Raj Institutions ' has been split into committees , namely 'Committee on Local Bodies ' and 'Committee on Panchayati Raj Institutions ' .
The purpose of the committee is to do a Legislative oversight of the Local Bodies and institutions in Punjab state . The committee also conducts surveys and inspections to observe , inspect and collect information on the work done by the local bodies . It also monitors the work of the Punjab Pollution Control Board .
Overview
The speaker appoints the committees as per the powers conferred by Article 208 of the Constitution of India read with section 32 of the States Re-organisation Act , 1956 ( 37 of 1956 ) , and in pursuance of Rules 232 ( 1 ) and 2 ( b ) of the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Punjab Vidhan Sabha ( Punjab Legislative Assembly ) .
According to the Punjab Government Gazette , 2021 the functions of the committee are defined below .
Current members
For the one year period starting May 2022 , the Committee on Local Bodies of 16th Punjab Assembly had the following members :
Chairpersons
Previous members
2020–21
2019–20
2018–19
2017–18
References
Committees of the Punjab Legislative Assembly
is an art museum in Okayama Prefecture split between the Honkan in Okayama and the Yumeji Seika and Shonen Sanso built in Setouchi , the birthplace of Yumeji Takehisa , a poet and artist who was active in the early 1900s .
Building
The Yumeji Seika is the house where Yumeji Takehisa grew up . It was converted into a museum in 1970 . The house was given official status as an art museum in 1979 and that same year the Shonen Sanso , a reconstruction of their Tokyo studio with the help of their son , Fujihiko Takehisa . The Shonen Sanso features many of Takehisa 's self-portraits and photography .
The Honkan was built in Okayama near Kōraku-en to house the works of Takehisa in 1984 , 100 years after their birth . In the Honkan Museum , there are 100 works permanently on display while the museum 's other 2,000 works are rotated . Some of their most famous works housed here include Tatsuta Hime , Aki no Ikoi ( hanging scrolls ) , and Kamogawa ( a hanging scroll ) each featuring the Japanese beauties that encapsulate Takehisa 's artistic style and preferred subjects .
Awards
The Honkan was bestowed the Suntory Regional and Cultural Prize in 1985 , making it the first recipient in the prefecture .
Mascot
Yumeji Art Museum 's mascot is a cat named Kuro ( lit . black ) . Yumeji Art Museum is a short bus ride away from Kishi Station , made famous by its cat stationmaster , Tama . In March 2018 , a special bus decorated with Kuro 's likeness was introduced to make the connection from the station to the museum .
See also
Tama ( cat ) , Stationmaster of Kishi Station , Wakayama , Japan
References
Art museums and galleries in Japan
Museums in Okayama Prefecture
Art museums established in 1970
1970 establishments in Japan
The rosy thrush-tanager ( Rhodinocichla rosea ) or rose-breasted thrush-tanager is a species of bird in the currently monotypic genus Rhodinocichla . It was formerly assigned to the family Thraupidae and more recently viewed as being of uncertain placement ; a 2015 molecular study places it closest to the Calcariidae . Found in Colombia , Costa Rica , Mexico , Panama , and Venezuela , its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , and heavily degraded former forest .
Description
The rosy thrush-tanager is about long . The male is a distinctive bird with a long streak above the eye , pink in front of the eye and white behind . The upper parts are dark , brownish-black , the flanks are dusky grey and the underparts magenta , as is the leading edge of the wing . The female is generally similar to the male but the rosy-magenta is replaced by a deep ochre colour . The beak is long and slightly curved , resembling that of a mimid .
Distribution and habitat
The distribution in Central America and northern South America includes Mexico , Costa Rica , northern Venezuela and northern Colombia . Typical habitat is thick undergrowth in deciduous forests , secondary woodland , thickets and scrubland . It most frequently occurs in the mountain foothills at altitudes varying between .
Ecology
The rosy thrush-tanager usually occurs singly or in pairs . It flits among low undergrowth or hops along on the ground , turning over the leaf litter with its beak . It is a shy , rather furtive bird and difficult to observe . It does , however , respond well if a recording of its voice is played to it ; its song is a rich succession of clear notes , and is sometimes sung in duet , two birds alternating in its production . It is the only tanager known to sing in this way . The diet is a mixture of animal and vegetable matter . Breeding is reported to take place in July in Mexico and between January and September in Costa Rica .
Status
R. rosea has a wide range and is estimated by Partners in Flight to have a total population of fewer than 50,000 individuals . However , the population seems to be stable and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
rosy thrush-tanager
Birds of Mexico
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
rosy thrush-tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Derrick Tabb ( born May 27 , 1975 ) is an American musician , a long-standing member of the Grammy Award-winning Rebirth Brass Band and a co-founder of The Roots of Music , a non-profit organization that sponsors an after-school academic and music program for children in New Orleans . For onstage performances , Tabb plays the snare drum with cymbals mounted on stands . They were born and raised in the Tremé neighborhood of New Orleans .
Background and music career
Derrick Tabb was born in the Tremé neighborhood of New Orleans , Louisiana , an area historically known as `` The Birthplace of Jazz '' . They began playing drums at the age of 7 and was earning a living as a professional drummer by the age of 11 . Tabb attended Andrew J . Bell Middle School , where they joined the band and credits their middle school band director , Donald Richardson , for personal and professional success. < ref name=cbs3 > [ http : //www.cbsnews.com/pictures/the-cultural-legacy-of-new-orleans-brass-bands/3/ The Cultural Legacy of New Orleans Brass Bands , CBS News 48 Hours , 2014 . Retrieved 12-29-2015 ] < /ref >
In 1994 , Derrick and some friends formed Loony Tunes Brass Band , later renamed Hot 8 Brass Band . The band kept the name when Tabb left in 1996 to join Rebirth Brass Band and Dinerral Shavers replaced Derrick as the snare drummer for Hot 8 . Shavers are murdered in New Orleans in 2006 , a victim of mistaken identity .
As a member of Rebirth Brass Band , Tabb won a Grammy in 2012 for `` Best Regional Roots Music Album '' for the studio recording Rebirth of New Orleans .
Discography
Derrick Tabb is credited as the snare drummer on all studio and live recordings billed as `` Rebirth Brass Band '' since 1997 . ( see Rebirth Brass Band - Discography for complete listing of all Rebirth recordings ) Additionally , Tabb appears ( by himself ) as a guest artist on the title track of the 2012 studio album ¿Which Side Are You On ? by Ani DiFranco , along with their Roots of Music Crusader Band . They are also credited as a featured artist on the 2010 movie soundtrack For Colored Girls .
Tabb also acted as songwriter/composer on the Rebirth tracks :
`` Do It Again '' from the Grammy Award-winning album Rebirth of New Orleans ( 2012 )
`` Move Your Body '' from the album Move Your Body ( 2014 )
`` Rebirth Groove '' from the album Move Your Body ( 2014 )
`` Why You Worried Bout Me '' ( single ) ( 2011 ) ( featured in Season 1 , Episode 10 of The Originals )
Television and movie appearances
Television
The 3rd Annual CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute ( 2009 )
CNN 's Larry King Live ( August 21 , 2009 )
HBO 'S Treme ( 2010-2013 )
Season 1 , Episode 1 - Tabb can be seen playing the snare drum in a second line parade
Season 3 , Episode 1 Knock with me , Roll with Me - Tabb plays himself , along with their real-life brother and former Rebirth Brass Band member , Glen David Andrews . The pair is arrested for disturbing the peace for playing music at a street memorial in the musically historical neighborhood of Tremé . This episode is a fictional account of a real-life incident in 2007 in which the community dubbed the pair `` The Tremé Two '' .Best Music Writing in 2008 , Nelson George , Da Capo Press 2008
Series Finale , Season 4 , Episode 5 - ... To Miss New Orleans48 Hours Presents : The Whole Gritty City ( 2014 ) . This episode of 48 Hours won a Christopher Award in the category `` TV & Cable '' .
MoviesThe Skeleton Key ( 2005 ) , as a member of the Rebirth Brass BandThe Whole Gritty City documentary ( 2013 ) , as himself , preparing The Roots of Music Crusader Band for Mardi Gras parade season in New Orleans
The Roots of Music
In 2007 , Tabb co-founded The Roots of Music , a non-profit after-school program for at-risk children ages 9–14 in New Orleans schools . The Roots of Music serve 140 students each year and has a waiting list of approximately 400 students .
In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , area school districts reduced funding to music programs , specifically middle schools . Rebirth Brass Band member , Derrick Tabb and Allison Reinhardt co-founded The Roots of Music , a non-profit after-school program for Orleans Parish at-risk children ages 9–14 . The students are mentored in music by local New Orleans music educators and professional musicians . Academic mentoring and tutoring is provided by volunteers and graduate students from Tulane and Xavier universities . Tabb stated that their goal in starting Roots was `` to do for a new generation of kids what their own middle school band did for him . ''
Monday through Thursday , the organization 's school buses pick up students from 40 Orleans Parish middle schools and transports them to its facility in the Tremé neighborhood in New Orleans . For the first hour and a half , the students receive homework assistance and academic tutoring by volunteers . After homework , the students receive music instruction and field practice . Before the students are transported home via school bus after practice , the students receive a hot meal . The program is entirely free for the students and relies wholly on private and corporate donations and volunteers to cover operating expenses .
The Roots of Music Crusader Band and its co-founder , Derrick Tabb , have received numerous meritorious awards for academic achievement as well as musical accolades . Tabb was a top finalist of the CNN Heroes Award in 2009 , they were also the recipient of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Angel Award ( 2011 ) , and was a finalist for induction into the Energizer Keep It Going Hall of Fame ( 2010 ) . Tabb has also received proclamations from the City of New Orleans ( 2009 & 2012 ) and the State of Louisiana ( 2011 ) for their work with kids .
In 2013 , the band participated in the Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena , California and was acclaimed for having the youngest participant in the parade 's long history , 6 year-old Lawrence Honoré Jr .
On August 29 , 2015 , President Barack Obama visited New Orleans to remark on the 10-year mark of Hurricane Katrina . A small ensemble of The Roots of Music performed prior to their speaking and the band was complimented by the president during their speech .
Awards and honors
2009 - CNN Heroes ( Top Finalist )
2009 - City of New Orleans Proclamation ( Recipient )
2010 - Energizer Keep It Going Hall of Fame Nominee ( Finalist )
2011 - Blue Cross Blue Shield Angel Award ( Recipient )
2011 - Young Leadership Council Role Model Award ( Recipient )
2011 - OffBeat Magazine - Best of the Beat Award for Music Education ( Recipient )
2012 - ( with Rebirth Brass Band ) Grammy Award for Best Regional Roots Music Album
2012 - City of New Orleans Proclamation ( Recipient )
2015 - Millennial Award - Cultural Ambassador ( Finalist )
2015 - Katrina First Cultural Responder ( Honoree )
2015 - Louisiana Children 's Museum Silver Linings Award ( Honoree ) for `` making a lasting and positive impact on the lives of young children in the community following Hurricane Katrina '' . `` The Treme Two ''
On October 1 , 2007 , Derrick Tabb and their brother , trombonist Glen David Andrews , were arrested for `` parading without a permit '' and `` disturbing the peace by tumultuous manner '' in the Tremé neighborhood of New Orleans during a gathering honoring fellow musician , Kerwin James . James , the younger brother of Rebirth founders , Phil and Keith Frazier , had died following complications from a stroke in 2006 . A crowd of musicians and spectators had gathered to honor James in music and song that night . Police officers , after asking the crowd to disperse and being refused , arrested Tabb and Andrews . This incident , witnessed by resident news journalists , stirred the small community and sparked outcry against the police department , as street parades are inherent to the history and culture of New Orleans . The community , viewing the pair of brothers as advocates for their voice in the city , dubbed the pair with the nickname , `` The Tremé Two '' . After several weeks of unrest and protest by neighborhood residents to the New Orleans Police Department and city council , in February 2008 , the District Attorney dropped the charges without comment . A fictional adaption of the incident featuring Tabb and Andrews as themselves was incorporated into an episode of the HBO television series , Treme ( Season 3 , Episode 1 , Knock with Me , Rock with Me '' ) .
See also
Rebirth Brass Band
The Roots of Music
Tremé ( neighborhood in New Orleans )
HBO 's Treme TV show
References
External links
Rebirth Brass Band website
The Roots of Music website
( Editorial ) What really happened in Treme the night musicians were arrested
Derrick Tabb live solo with Rebirth Brass Band ( video )
CNN Heroes Tribute : Derrick Tabb ( 2009 )
Rick Weil : Walking Interview with Derrick Tabb about Treme ( video )
Derrick Tabb : 2011 Blue Cross Blue Shield Angel Award Recipient
HBO 's Treme television series website
The Whole Gritty City movie website
2011 Blue Cross Blue Shield of Louisiana Angel Award Winners
2015 Christopher Award recipients
Grammy Award winners
Living people
Jazz musicians from New Orleans
American percussionists
American music educators
American jazz drummers
American male drummers
African-American drummers
1975 births
Educators from Louisiana
21st-century American drummers
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Rebirth Brass Band members
21st-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Cockpit Theatre is a fringe theatre in Marylebone , London . Designed by Edward Mendelsohn and built in 1969–70 by the Inner London Education Authority ( ILEA ) as a community theatre , it is notable as London 's first purpose-built Theatre in the round since the Great Fire of London . When ILEA was disbanded in 1990 , ownership of the Cockpit was transferred to the London Borough of Westminster , who made it part of the newly renamed City of Westminster College . It remains one of a handful of purpose-built theatre training venues in the capital and is still owned and operated by the City Of Westminster College .
Between 1993 and 1995 the Soho Theatre Company took up residence and relaunched itself after a period of homelessness . During this period they premiered the works of over 35 new writers .
In January 2011 , owners City of Westminster College moved into their new main building at Paddington Green which included a new theatre . This change meant The Cockpit is no longer used for day-to-day teaching or academic office space and is now operating as a full-time theatre and training venue .
The auditorium
The auditorium is 8.5m high and 11m2 with a retractable seating bank on all four sides . Each bank seats 60 people and the seat cushions and backrests can be removed to create alternative playing areas . With the upstage , left and right banks retracted , the downstage centre bank can be pulled out from the standard four rows to 10 rows , creating an end-on configuration . The stage measures 6.6m x 8.6m in thrust setting and 6.6m x 5.9m in-the-round .
Upstage , a series of trapdoors span the width of the stage with a series or movable and replaceable panels covering them . Under the stage is a large manually winched lift ( now out of service ) which can roll along the span of the traps . Although these could be used for stage effects , original plans show this sub-stage area marked as a `` chair store '' and was to be used as the storage area for seats removed when reconfiguring the space .
Lighting
There are 2 lighting gantries surrounding the space with the control box on the lower gantry , above the downstage centre seating bank . The lower gantry is 3.5m from the stage , the upper is 6.21m from the stage and each gantry has two scaffold bars for the rigging of lanterns or scenery . The upper gantry also includes a central `` T '' shaped walkway , with the top edge of the T on the upstage side of the auditorium . The T , and both gantries have 15A power outlets for plugging stage lighting into . These sockets are connected to 3 Strand STM dimmers , providing 60 ways of dimming . This equipment was installed when the Cockpit first opened and is still operational to date , as are many of the lanterns .
The design of the gantries allows for access to all lighting positions without the inherent dangers of a fly system or working up a ladder and the cable trunking surrounding the gantries also act as safety barriers to prevent accidental falls .
Name
Now known as `` The Cockpit '' , the theatre has previously had a few other names . Initially named the `` Gateforth Street Youth Arts Centre '' ( and referred to by variations thereof ) it was soon decided that a simpler name would be more appropriate . The name 'Cockpit ' derived from the 17th century Cockpit Theatre and Cockpit-in-Court , both venues used as theatre and cockfighting rings which nicely echoed the theatre 's in-the-round design . Fortuitously , the original design of the foyer floor incorporated a roundel motif which linked nicely to the idea of a plane 's cockpit . The name `` Cockpit Arts Workshop '' was adopted and eventually became the `` Cockpit Theatre '' or simply the `` Cockpit '' .
Youth work
Since its inception , as the Cockpit Arts Workshop , the Cockpit has been used as a venue for working with young people . The Cockpit Theatre Theatre in Education ( TIE ) company , started as a pilot project in March 1971 and was the first TIE company to exist within a Local Education Authority . By 1976 it employed six actor-teachers , a director and a stage manager and mostly presented TIE productions at the theatre , and sometimes in secondary schools . An Opera in Education company also ran from the Cockpit Theatre presenting workshops linked to English National Opera productions which students later attended free of charge . Both companies closed when the Greater London Council was abolished in 1986 .
From the time of its handover from the Greater London Council to the City of Westminster College until 2011 it was used as a training venue for the City of Westminster College 's performing arts , theatre lighting , sound engineering and media students , along with regularly visiting students from Ball State University and young people from The Prince 's Trust . The Cockpit hosts regular training opportunities in technical theatre skills such as rigging and pyrotechnics , and is popular with drama schools and youth groups . It also hosts the National Youth Jazz Orchestra 's weekend rehearsals every Saturday and DreamArts every term-time Sunday .
Music In The Round
Between April 1971 and November 1972 , London Weekend Television recorded `` Music In The Round '' at the Cockpit . Presented by Humphrey Burton , the show included performances and interviews with leading musicians across a broad range of genres . Amongst talent showcased in the 22 episodes were the National Youth Jazz Orchestra ( having already made the Cockpit their home ) , who were featured on 7 May 1972 and Marc Bolan on 23 April 1972 .
'Jazz In The Round ' is a new monthly barrier-busting jazz/contemporary music binge at The Cockpit every last Monday of the month starting on 30 January 2012 . With a mixture of well known names and unknown artists it aims to bring together bands and artists from different scenes , genres , cultures and generations .
Other
Once a month it runs an award-winning scratch nights called Theatre In The Pound .
The theatre regularly hosts events for Revolution Pro Wrestling .
References
Theatres in the City of Westminster
Daniel Alonim is an Israeli international lawn bowler .
Bowls career
Alonim was selected as part of the five-man team by Israel for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship They also represented Israel at the 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship .
They won a pairs bronze medal ( with Tzvika Hadar ) , at the 2015 Atlantic Bowls Championships .
References
Israeli male bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Harold Holliday Sr. ( June 28 , 1918 - March 21 , 1985 ) was a civil rights activist , economist , army officer , judge , and Democratic politician who served 12 years in the Missouri House of Representatives .
Early life
Harold Holliday was born in Muskogee , Oklahoma in 1918 . They moved to Kansas City , Missouri with their mother Eliza and their sister Isola when they were two years old . They attended Dunbar Elementary School and graduated from Lincoln High School in 1935 . They earned a bachelor 's degree from Lincoln University in Jefferson City , Missouri in 1939 , and a master 's degree in economics from the University of Michigan in 1941 . In 1952 , they were the first African-American to receive a law degree from the school which would become the University of Missouri–Kansas City .
Career
Holliday served in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from September 26 , 1942 , until November 1945 , as a second lieutenant in the European theater . They represented the 5th , 14th , and 26th districts in the Missouri House of Representatives from 1964 to 1974 . They were known for their passionate oratory skills and their progressive legislations . They founded Freedom , Inc. , a black political organization in Jackson County , Missouri .
Death
Holliday died of prostate cancer in 1985 and was buried at Leavenworth National Cemetery .
References
1918 births
1985 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Members of the Missouri House of Representatives
People from Muskogee , Oklahoma
Lincoln University ( Missouri ) alumni
University of Michigan alumni
The finals and the qualifying heats of the women 's 400 metre individual medley event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Monday 12 January 1998 in Perth , Western Australia .
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
See also
1996 Women 's Olympic Games 400m Individual Medley ( Atlanta )
1997 Women 's World SC Championships 400m Individual Medley ( Gothenburg )
1997 Women 's European LC Championships 400m Individual Medley ( Seville )
2000 Women 's Olympic Games 400m Individual Medley ( Sydney )
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
1998 in women 's swimming
Solon dos Santos ( born 23 January 1961 ) is a Brazilian water polo player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
1961 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Rio de Janeiro ( city )
Imma feaniensis is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by John Frederick Gates Clarke in 1986 . It is found in French Polynesia .
References
Moths described in 1986
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Badmeaningood Vol.4 is a compilation of tracks chosen and mixed by British turntablists Scratch Perverts . The album was released by Whoa Music & Ultimate Dilemma , an independent record label which was part of the NewsCorp Music Group before it was absorbed into A & E Records in 2003 . The series was started by the author A. W. Wilde .
Track listing
Scratch Perverts - `` Intro '' – 1:33
Lalo Schifrin - `` Scorpio 's Theme '' – 2:49
The Specials - `` Ghost Town '' – 5:20
24-Carat Black - `` Ghetto : Misfortune 's Wealth '' – 3:32
Kool G Rap & DJ Polo - `` Streets of New York '' – 3:43
London Posse - `` Money Mad '' – 3:12
Dr. Octagon - `` Bear Witness '' - 2:27
Mickey & the Soul Generation - `` Iron Leg '' – 2:09
DJ Shadow - `` Entropy '' – 3:34
Schoolly D - `` Saturday Night '' – 3:43
Show & A.G. - `` Represent '' – 3:39
Gang Starr - `` Speak Ya Clout '' – 3:46
M.O.P . - `` Ante Up '' – 3:22
Minnie Ripperton - `` Les Fleurs '' – 3:15
Sister Nancy - `` Bam Bam '' – 2:26
Super Cat - `` Oh It 's You '' ( Album version ) – 1:28
Blackalicious - `` Alphabet Aerobics '' – 2:05
Squarepusher - `` My Red Hot Car '' – 3:07
Origin Unknown - `` Valley of the Shadows '' – 1:43
Scratch Perverts - `` Beat Down '' – 4:17
See also
Badmeaningood Vol.2 ( 2002 , by Roots Manuva )
Badmeaningood Vol.3 ( 2003 , by Peanut Butter Wolf )
Scratch Perverts albums
Hip hop compilation albums
2003 compilation albums
Clopimozide ( R-29,764 ) is a typical antipsychotic drug of the diphenylbutylpiperidine class . It is very potent and has an extremely long duration of action , lasting at least one week with a single dose . It was developed by Janssen Pharmaceutica but was never marketed .
See also
Typical antipsychotic
Diphenylbutylpiperidine
References
Benzimidazoles
Chloroarenes
1- ( 4,4-Bis ( 4-fluorophenyl ) butyl ) piperidines
Ureas
Typical antipsychotics
FAAH is an abbreviation , acronym , or initialism that may refer to :
Fatty acid amide hydrolase , a protein found in cell membranes
FightAIDS @ Home , a distributed computing project
Foil Arms and Hog , an Irish comedy troupe
Francis Hoddinott ( 29 November 1894 – November 1980 ) , also known as Tom Hoddinott , was a Welsh association footballer . As well as being a professional footballer , they also boxed professionally in the 1920s .
Career
Born in Brecon , Hoddinott started their career in the Southern League with Aberdare Athletic , before moving to reigning Southern League champions Watford in 1919 . Hoddinott 's opportunities were limited in 1919–20 ; they played 13 of Watford 's 43 fixtures , scoring 7 goals . Watford joined the Football League the following season . Hoddinott finished it as Watford 's top scorer with 25 goals in all competitions . Additionally , they became the first player in Watford 's history to earn international caps whilst at the club , and at the end of the season was sold to Chelsea for a fee of £3,500 ; higher than anything Watford had previously received .
However , Hoddinott was unable to maintain the form they had shown at Watford , scoring only 4 goals in 31 Chelsea league matches . They subsequently joined Crystal Palace in 1923 , Rhyl in 1926 and New Brighton in 1927 . Towards the end of their playing career , Hoddinott player-managed Newark Town and Grantham Town , before joining Chelmsford City as a coach in 1933 .
References
1894 births
1980 deaths
Sportspeople from Brecon
Welsh footballers
Southern Football League players
English Football League players
Aberdare Athletic F.C . players
Watford F.C . players
Chelsea F.C . players
Crystal Palace F.C . players
Rhyl F.C . players
New Brighton A.F.C . players
Grantham Town F.C . players
Grantham Town F.C . managers
Wales international footballers
Welsh male boxers
Newark Town F.C . players
Association football forwards
Welsh football managers
A list of the earliest films produced in Azerbaijan ordered by year of release in the 1990s :
1990s
External links
Azerbaijani film at the Internet Movie Database
Azerbaycan Kinosu
1990
Azerb
Films
The men 's marathon at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics was held in Athens , Greece , on Sunday August 10 , 1997 .
Medalists
Records
Final ranking
See also
Men 's Olympic Marathon ( 1996 )
1997 World Marathon Cup
References
Results
Results - World Athletics
Marathon
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
World Championships
Men 's marathons
Marathons in Greece
Beckler Peak is a mountain in the U.S state of Washington located in the Mt . Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest near Skykomish .
Hazards
The Northern slope is a sheer cliff .
Recreation
The Beckler Peak Trail rises from the Jennifer Dunn trailhead to the summit , a rise of . From the trailhead to the peak itself is a hike of approximately eight miles roundtrip . The summit affords a 360 degree view of the area , which includes Glacier Peak to the North .
See also
Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest
Mountain peaks of North America
Mountain peaks of the United States
Beckler River
References
External links
GNIS Feature Detail Report for Beckler Peak
Cascade Range
Mountains of Washington ( state )
Mountains of Snohomish County , Washington
Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest
`` Bring It Back '' is a song written and recorded by Australian DJ and producers Will Sparks and Joel Fletcher . The song was digitally released on 13 September 2013 .
Track listing
Digital download
`` Bring It Back '' ( radio edit ) – 2:48
`` Bring It Back '' – 5:01
Charts
Weekly charts
`` Bring It Back '' debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart at number 44 and peaked at number 33 six weeks later .
Year-end charts
Certification
References
2013 singles
2013 songs
Ministry of Sound singles
Bârnova is a commune in Iași County , Western Moldavia , Romania , part of the Iași Metropolitan Area . It is composed of six villages : Bârnova , Cercu , Păun , Pietrăria , Todirel and Vișan .
See also
Bârnova Monastery
Trinitas Cross
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Walter Wellesley ( c.1470-1539 ) was a sixteenth-century Irish cleric and judge . They were Prior of Great Connell Priory , Bishop of Kildare 1529-39 , and Master of the Rolls in Ireland 1531-2 .
Background and early career
They were born about 1470 , the second son of Sir William Wellesley ( c.1443-1502 ) of Dangan , County Meath and their wife Ismay , daughter of Sir Thomas Fitz-Christopher Plunket , Lord Chief Justice of Ireland and their second wife Marian Cruise . Their brother Garrett ( died 1538 ) was the ancestor of the Duke of Wellington . The Wellesley family had come to Ireland from Wells in Somerset in the 1220s , and settled in Kildare and Meath .
Walter was educated at the University of Oxford , and was said to have been one of the outstanding scholars of their time . They became an Augustinian friar , and sometime before 1520 became prior of their house at Great Connell near Newbridge , County Kildare . For the rest of their life , they never wavered in their devotion to the welfare of the Priory .
Bishop
Wellesley was called a man who `` had a singular mind towards the maintenance of English rule in Ireland '' , and as a result , they enjoyed the trust of Henry VIII . Henry proposed them as Bishop of Limerick , but the choice was rejected by the Pope . In 1520 Surrey , the Lord Deputy of Ireland , suggested them as Bishop of Cork , but Wellesley themselves rejected the proposal when they were told that , if they accepted the see of Cork , they could not remain Prior of their beloved Great Connell . Finally , in 1529 they became Bishop of Kildare , on the condition they could also remain Prior . They were Master of the Rolls in 1521-2 .
Suppression of Great Connell
Though they were trusted by the Crown to carry out its policies faithfully , Wellesley showed little enthusiasm for the Reformation . At the Dissolution of the Monasteries , their great concern was to ensure the survival of Great Connell . In 1537 they asked for it to be exempted from confiscation on the ground that it was part of the Diocese of Kildare . Their assurance to Thomas Cromwell that `` no brother is elected unless they be of the English nation '' was not necessarily a sign of anti-Irish prejudice , since monasteries within the Pale were not permitted to admit Irish monks , and they may simply have been stressing that Great Connell observed this rule strictly .
Wellesley 's influence with the King was great enough to ensure the survival of Great Connell for a few years , but two years after their death the last Prior surrendered it . The lands were granted to Edward Randolfe , and later passed to the eminent judge Nicholas White , and the priory was allowed to fall into ruin .
Death and memorials
Wellesley died in October 1539 and was buried in Great Connell where an impressive effigy was erected to their memory . After the dissolution of the priory the tomb was lost : it was finally rediscovered by the Kildare Archaeological Society in 1971 . The restored tomb is now in Kildare Cathedral .
Character
Bishop Wellesley was described as a man of `` gravity and virtuous conversation '' , the most famous scholar in Ireland , and a firm upholder of English rule .
References
16th-century Irish bishops
People from County Meath
1539 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Bishops of Kildare
Masters of the Rolls in Ireland
John Somerville ( born 1951 ) , attended Woodhouse Grammar School and Barnet College in north London . They studied Fine Art Bronze Casting under David Reid ( Leverhulme Fellowship , Central St Martin 's School of Art ) and opened their first bronze studio in 1979 .
They have had numerous one-man shows in the UK , Europe and the United States . They exhibit regularly at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition . Their work appears regularly at Christie 's and Sotheby 's auction houses in London and New York . Commissions include rock stars in bronze for the Hard Rock Cafes in New York , Houston , Los Angeles , Hawaii and Reykjavík ; public monuments and commemorative busts .
In 2016 John completed a statue of Spike Milligan sitting on a bench for Avenue House Estate Trust at Stephens House and Gardens in Finchley , which is the product of over ten years of work and fundraising by the Finchley Society .
References
1951 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
20th-century British sculptors
British male sculptors
21st-century British sculptors
21st-century male artists
20th-century British male artists
21st-century British male artists
Klimontów is a town in Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south-central Poland . It is the seat of the gmina ( administrative district ) called Gmina Klimontów . It lies on the European route E371 , and along the Lesser Polish Way , approximately west of Sandomierz and south-east of the regional capital Kielce . The village has a population of 2,000 . Klimontów belongs to historic Lesser Poland .
History
The origins of Klimontów date back to the 13th century , when it was founded as village by Klement of Ruszcza . On January 2 , 1604 , thanks to efforts of Jan Zbigniew Ossolinski , it got a town charter . Administratively , it was located in the Sandomierz Voivodeship in the Lesser Poland Province of the Kingdom of Poland . In 1613 the town was granted a permission to organize 3 fairs a year , and two years later , the construction of a Dominican abbey was completed . In 1643-1646 , a collegiate church was built , with financial support of Jerzy Ossolinski . By 1663 , Klimontów had 24 houses and 530 inhabitants , including 129 Jews .
Following the Third Partition of Poland , in 1795 , it was annexed by Austria . It was regained by Poles following the Austro-Polish War of 1809 and included within the short-lived Duchy of Warsaw , and after its dissolution in 1815 , it became part of Russian-controlled Congress Poland . In 1827 , the population was 1,314 . Like several other locations in northern Lesser Poland , Klimontów lost its town charter after the January Uprising , in 1870 . During World War I , in 1914 and 1915 , there were bloody battles in the region between Austrian and Russian troops . Fallen Austrian soldiers were buried at a local parish cemetery . Following the war , in 1918 , Poland regained independence and control of the settlement . It had 6,000 inhabitants in 1921 , but in 1939 it dropped to 4,500 .
Following the joint German-Soviet invasion of Poland , which started World War II in September 1939 , Klimontów was occupied by Germany . From 1941 to 1944 , the occupiers operated a forced labour camp in the settlement . After the German atrocities and extermination of the Jewish population , the number of inhabitants fell to 2,200 by 1946 .
On January 1 , 2020 , town rights were restored .
Sights
Among points of interest there are : Baroque collegiate church of St. Joseph ( 1643-1646 ) , St. Jack church ( 1617-1620 ) , Dominican abbey ( 1620-1623 ) , neo-classicistic synagogue ( 1851 ) , and Roman Catholic cemetery ( 1843 ) .
Culture
Klimontów was the birthplace of poet Bruno Jasieński . Since 2002 the Brunonalia festival , named after Jasieński , is held every summer in Klimontów .
References
See also
Lesser Polish Way
Cities and towns in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
Sandomierz County
13th-century establishments in Poland
Populated places established in the 13th century
Sandomierz Voivodeship
Radom Governorate
Kielce Voivodeship ( 1919–1939 )
Aitch may refer to :
Aitch , a phonetic representation of the letter H
Aitch ( artist ) , a Romanian comics creator
Aitch ( rapper ) ( born 1999 ) , British rapper
Aitch ( surname )
Aitch , Pennsylvania , an extinct town in Huntingdon County
Aitch bone , the rump bone in cattle ; see Rump steak
See also
Aich ( surname )
Aitch-dropping , in phonetics
H ( disambiguation )
Robert , Rob , Bob or Bobby Craig may refer to :
Sportspeople
Bob Craig ( Scottish footballer ) ( 1886–1918 ) , Scottish footballer
Bob Craig ( rugby ) ( 1881–1935 ) , Australian rugby player and Olympic gold medalist
Bobby Craig ( footballer , born 1935 ) ( 1935–2010 ) , Scottish footballer
Bobby Craig ( footballer , born 1928 ) ( 1928–2016 ) , English footballer
Bobby Craig ( Australian footballer ) ( 1882– ? ) , Australian rules footballer
Academics
Robert T. Craig ( born 1947 ) , communication scholar
Robert C. Craig ( 1921–1990 ) , academic who taught at the Michigan State University
Robert Craig ( theologian ) ( 1917–1995 ) , academic and church leader
Robert Meldrum Craig ( 1882–1956 ) , geologist and academic author
Others
Robert Craig ( representative ) ( 1792–1852 ) , U.S. Representative from Virginia
Robert Hunter Craig ( 1829–1913 ) , British Member of Parliament for Glasgow Govan , 1900–1906
Robert Craig ( Medal of Honor ) ( 1919–1943 ) , Scottish-born U.S. Army officer awarded the Medal of Honor for their service on Sicily
See also
Craig ( surname )
Chipping Sodbury School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form , located in Chipping Sodbury in the Unitary authority of South Gloucestershire , England . It shares ground with the Cotswold Edge sixth-form .
Chipping Sodbury School was previously administered by South Gloucestershire Council and the Chipping Sodbury School Co-operative Trust as a foundation school . In April 2021 the school converted to academy status and is now part of The Athelstan Trust .
The school has been on its present site since 1938 , when Chipping Sodbury Grammar School moved there . It became a comprehensive school in 1970 . Chipping Sodbury Grammar School had been established in 1913 , in what is now the building called the Old Grammar School and Chipping Sodbury Library . This building has since been owned by Chipping Sodbury Town Hall and the Townlands Charity .
Before converting into an academy , the school had been given 'requires improvement ' ratings by the educational review body Ofsted at inspections in December 2013 , December 2015 and June 2018 .
Chipping Sodbury School offers GCSEs , BTECs and OCR Nationals as programmes of study for pupils , while students in the sixth form have the option to study from a range of A Levels and further BTECs . The sixth form provision of the school is offered in conjunction with Brimsham Green School and Yate Academy in Yate .
As of 2018 , the school had 772 pupils .
References
External links
Chipping Sodbury School official website
Secondary schools in South Gloucestershire District
Academies in South Gloucestershire District
Panchayati Times is a digital news portal carrying rural India 's voice , published from New Delhi , India . It is also available on mobile App Store for Android . Nandan Jha is the founder and chairperson of the portal . Panchayati Times , through its digital presence , has reached out to nearly a million users and is regularly followed by various political leaders , Government ministries , PSUs , Entrepreneurs , Academicians , Journalists , social activists etc . Panchayati Times has been endorsed and appreciated by various political leaders and eminent personalities including Swami Avdheshanand Giriji Maharaj , Anurag Thakur , Hemant Soren , Manish Sisodia , M. K. Stalin , and Pramod Sawant .
About Panchayati Times
Panchayati Times was founded in 2014 by Nandan Jha . It is an initiative of Interactive Forum on Indian Economy ( IFIE ) followed by honorable Prime Minister of India Sri Narendra Modi & various other Union Ministers . IFIE is a Government of India recognized 80G , 12A , 8A complaint non profitable company .
Panchayati Times was launched on December 26 , 2018 at Vigyan Bhawan New Delhi by Vice President of India Sri Venkaiah Naidu , Justice K. G. Balakrishnan ( Former Chief Justice of India ) , Subhash Ghai , Pahlaj Nihalani ( film producer ) , Govinda ( actor ) , N. Biren Singh ( Chief Minister of Manipur ) , Ved Pratap Vaidik ( journalist ) , and Justice Gyan Sudha Misra ( Former Judge Supreme Court Of India ) .
Panchayati Times as a media partner of Interactive Forum on Indian Economy organized first edition of Champions of change awards in 2018 at Vigyan Bhawan , New Delhi , second edition in 2020 at Vigyan Bhawan , New Delhi and third edition in 2021 at Goa , India . It has also organized first edition of champions of change Maharashtra award at Taj Mahal Palace , Mumbai on 30th September ' 2021 .
References
External links
Official website
Panchayati Times on YouTube
News magazines published in India
Magazines established in 2014
2014 establishments in Delhi
Hindi-language magazines
The Battle of Gravia Inn ( ) was fought between Greek revolutionaries and the Ottoman Empire during the Greek War of Independence . The Greek leaders Odysseas Androutsos , Yannis Gouras and Angelis Govios , with a group of 120 men , repulsed an Ottoman army numbering 8,000 to 9,000 men and artillery under the command of Omer Vrioni and Köse Mehmed . The battle ended with heavy losses for the Ottomans and minimal casualties on the Greek side .
The Ottoman army under the command of Omer Vrioni , following their defeat of the Greeks at the Battle of Alamana and the execution of their leader Athanasios Diakos , planned to attack the Peloponnese with an army of 8,000 men . However , their army was met by a Greek group numbering 120 men , under the command of Odysseas Androutsos , who had barricaded themselves inside an old inn . The Ottoman army surrounded the area and attacked the inn but was driven back with heavy losses . At night , while the Ottoman army paused their attacks to bring up some cannons in order to bombard the inn , the Greeks escaped the inn and found safety in the mountains before the cannons arrived .
This battle is considered important to the outcome of the Greek revolution because it forced Omer Vrioni to retreat to Euboea , leaving the Greeks to consolidate their gains in the Peloponnese and capture the Ottoman capital of the Peloponnese , Tripoli .
Background
In May 1821 , after crushing the Greek resistance at the Battle of Alamana and putting Athanasios Diakos to death , Omer Vrioni headed south into the Peloponnese from their base at Lamia , seeking to crush the Greek rebellion with an army of 8,000 Albanian men . However , as they were advancing , a Greek revolutionary captain , Odysseas Androutsos , and 120 men fortified themselves in an old inn near the centre of the road .
The other two Greek captains who had come with Androutsos , Dimitrios Panourgias and Ioannis Dyovouniotis , took their men and assumed a higher position on the other side of the road . They did this because they assumed that Androutsos ' stand would end up a disaster like Alamana and being up high would allow them to retreat , and also to flank the assailants and cover Androutsos ' men 's possible retreat , if needed . When Vrioni arrived they dispersed their men through the hills and surrounded the inn . They sent a Dervish to negotiate with Androutsos , but when they were shot dead at the door Vrioni ordered the attack .
Battle
As soon as Vrioni ordered the attack , a detachment of Albanian soldiers charged the building . As they entered the building they were met by a barrage of gunfire . The Albanians were forced to retreat under heavy fire and suffered many casualties from the concealed Greeks . Androutsos had trained their men to fire by a European method ; one group of their soldiers would fire in unison , while another group would reload their guns to fire in turn and so forth . This method was the best way to repel any kind of massive attack , so the following Ottoman assaults also met a barrage of fire and were forced to retreat .
Vrioni , enraged by the losses they were suffering , ordered the cannons to be brought from Lamia . However , Androutsos had guessed their intentions and retreated with their men at night ; they left the inn and escaped to the mountains while the Albanians were asleep .
Aftermath
The casualties suffered by Vrioni were heavy , with 300 soldiers dead and 600 wounded in a couple of hours of fighting , while the Greeks had only six countrymen dead . This battle shocked them into uncertainty and they decided to retreat to the island of Euboea , just off the coast of Attica , where they would later combine forces with Köse Mehmed . Although the final outcome of the battle is considered to be ambiguous , it is often recognized as a Greek victory of attrition . However , both Androutsos and Omer Vrioni finally retreated , so the outcome is quite equivocal . Nevertheless the Battle of Gravia was considered to be an important event in the Greek War of Independence . By forcing Vrioni to retreat , Androutsos allowed the Greeks in the Peloponnese to have more time to consolidate their gains as well as to capture the Ottoman capital of the Peloponnese , Tripoli .
Notes
References
Citations
General and cited references
External links
Gallery at The Inn of Gravia
Gravia
Gravia
Gravia
Gravia Inn
1821 in Greece
History of Phocis
May 1821 events
Commodity traders are people or companies who speculate and trade in commodities as diverse as metals and spices .
Historical
Fuggers
Jacques Cœur
Tripp of Dordrecht
Welsers
Individuals
Marc Rich - oil
John D. Arnold - natural gas
Louis Bacon - cotton
Jay Gould - gold
Modern companies
Archer Daniels Midland
Bunge Limited
Cargill
Castleton Commodities International
COFCO Group
Czarnikow
Glencore
Gunvor
IXM
Koch Industries
Louis Dreyfus Group
Mercuria Energy Trading
Noble Group
Phibro
Serapis Global
Targray
Trafigura
Vitol
See also
List of trading companies
References
Commodity traders
Commodity traders
CineEurope ( formerly Cinema Expo International ) is the longest running European trade show and convention for the cinema industry . Organised by Prometheus Global Media Film Group Expo and jointly since 2015 with the International Union of Cinemas ( UNIC ) , CineEurope combines the official annual convention of the latter trade association representing cinema exhibitors and their national associations , and a trade show featuring product and film presentations , and screenings of select feature films .
History
1st Cinema Expo International , 29 June–2 July 1992 , Brussels International Conference Centre , Belgium . Among the features getting a full exhibition screening was Alien 3 ( 20th Century Fox ) .
2nd Cinema Expo International , 28 June–1 July 1993 , Brussels International Conference Centre , Belgium . Full length exhibition screening of Jurassic Park ( Universal Pictures ) , In the Line of Fire ( Columbia Pictures ) , What 's Love Got to Do with It ( Buena Vista Pictures ) , Dave ( Warner Bros. ) , and Cliffhanger ( TriStar Pictures ) . A Lifetime Achievement Award was given to Steven Spielberg .
3rd Cinema Expo International , 27–30 June 1994 , Brussels International Conference Centre , Belgium .
4th Cinema Expo International , 26–29 June 1995 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands . Full length exhibition screening of Congo ( Paramount Pictures ) , Species ( Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer ) , Johnny Mnemonic ( TriStar ) , French Kiss and Nine Months ( 20th Century Fox ) , Batman Forever ( Warner Bros. ) , Crimson Tide and Pocahontas ( Buena Vista ) , and Apollo 13 ( Universal ) . A Lifetime Achievement Award was given to Sir Richard Attenborough .
5th Cinema Expo International , 24–27 June 1996 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands . Full length exhibition screening of Multiplicity ( Columbia Pictures/TriStar ) , Mission : Impossible ( Paramount Pictures ) , Fled ( Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer ) , Courage Under Fire ( 20th Century Fox ) , Eraser ( Warner Bros. ) , The Rock and The Hunchback of Notre Dame ( Buena Vista ) , and Twister ( Universal ) . A Lifetime Achievement Award was given to Arnold Kopelson .
6th Cinema Expo International , 29 June–2 July 1997 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands . Full length exhibition screenings included Volcano and Speed 2 : Cruise Control ( 20th Century Fox ) , Batman & Robin ( Warner Bros. ) , Face/Off ( Buena Vista ) , and The Lost World : Jurassic Park ( Universal ) .
7th Cinema Expo International , 15–18 June 1998 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands . Full length exhibition screening of Life Is Beautiful and The Mighty ( Miramax ) , Godzilla and The Mask of Zorro ( TriStar ) , The X-Files and There 's Something About Mary ( 20th Century Fox ) , Mulan ( Buena Vista ) , and Out of Sight ( Universal ) . A Lifetime Achievement Award was given to Vittorio Cecchi Gori .
8th Cinema Expo International , 21–24 June 1999 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands . A Lifetime Achievement Award was given to Alan Parker .
9th Cinema Expo International , 26–29 June 2000 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands . A Lifetime Achievement Award was given to Dino De Laurentiis .
10th Cinema Expo International , 25–28 June 2001 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands .
11th Cinema Expo International , 24–28 June 2002 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands .
12th Cinema Expo International , 23–26 June 2003 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands .
13th Cinema Expo International , 21–24 June 2004 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands .
14th Cinema Expo International , 27–30 June 2005 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands .
15th Cinema Expo International , 26–29 June 2006 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands .
16th Cinema Expo International , 25–28 June 2007 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands . Full length exhibition screening of Transformers ( Paramount ) , Surf 's Up ( Columbia ) , Hairspray ( New Line Cinema ) , No Reservations ( Warner ) , Die Hard 4.0 ( 20th Century Fox ) , Ratatouille ( Buena Vista ) , I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry ( Universal ) , and an IMAX 3D screening of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix .
17th Cinema Expo International , 23–26 June 2008 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands .
18th Cinema Expo International , 22–25 June 2009 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands . Full length exhibition screenings of Up and The Ugly Truth .
19th Cinema Expo International , 24–28 June 2010 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands .
20th CineEurope , 27–30 June 2011 , Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre , Netherlands .
21st CineEurope , 18–21 June 2012 , Centro de Convenciones Internacional de Barcelona , Spain .
22nd CineEurope , 24–27 June 2013 , Centro de Convenciones Internacional de Barcelona , Spain .
23rd CineEurope , 16–19 June 2014 , Centro de Convenciones Internacional de Barcelona , Spain . Full length exhibition screening of The Hundred-Foot Journey .
24th CineEurope , 22–25 June 2015 , Centro de Convenciones Internacional de Barcelona , Spain . Full length exhibition screenings of Ant-Man , Vacation , Sicario , Everest and Terminator Genysis .
References
External links
Trade fairs in Spain
1992 establishments in Spain
Recurring events established in 1992
The Battle of Nykarleby was fought between Sweden and the Russian Empire during the Finnish War of 1808–1809 .
When Carl Johan Adlercreutz continued their summer offensive , they saw an excellent opportunity to encircle the Russian main army at the town of Nykarleby . The Swedish offensive began on Midsummer 's Eve , but the Russian forces had already evacuated the city and pulled back to Vaasa , where another Swedish force , commanded by Johan Bergenstråhle was landing .
Adlercreutz engaged several smaller Russian units who were guarding the Russian retreat . The Russians were led by Jankovitch . They pulled back over the bridge in the town centre , and then burned the bridge . On the way to Vaasa they encountered a smaller Swedish unit led by Major Carl von Otter and a small battle ensued . The Swedes decided to stop in Nykarleby to celebrate Midsummer while the Russian troops were retreating . The inhabitants generously offered food and drinks to the Swedish army .
Legend says that Georg Carl von Döbeln , who was marching in front of the Pori Regiment , became so angry when they saw the Russians retreat after having burned the bridge , and that the surprise attack had failed , that they ran out in the river , loyally followed by their regiment . They had then been close to drowning and their men had to rescue him . The battle of Nykarleby was to become a relatively bloodless battle .
The Swedes won a small victory at Nykarleby , but the ensuing festivities delayed the march to the south in such a manner that they could not support the Swedish landing force in Vaasa .
Citations and sources
Citations
Sources
External links
Battle of Nykarleby . Comprehensive description by C-B . J. Petander .
Nykarleby
Nykarleby
Nykarleby
Nykarleby
History of Ostrobothnia ( region )
June 1808 events
Aleen Isobel Cust ( 7 February 1868 – 29 January 1937 ) was an Anglo-Irish veterinary surgeon . They were born and began their career in Ireland . In 1922 they became the first female veterinary surgeon to be recognised by the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons .
Early life and education
Aleen Cust was born in 1868 in Cordangan Manor , County Tipperary . Them father Sir Leopold Cust , 2nd Baronet was the grandson of Brownlow Cust , 1st Baron Brownlow , and worked as a land agent to the Smith-Barry family . Them mother Charlotte Sobieske Isabel ( née Bridgeman ) was the daughter of Vice-Admiral Charles Orlando Bridgeman , and granddaughter of Orlando Bridgeman , 1st Earl of Bradford and Sir Henry Chamberlain , 1st Baronet .
The fourth of six children , they enjoyed the outdoors as a child , and when asked about their future they claimed `` a vet was my reply ever and always . ''
They began training as a nurse at London Hospital , but gave it up to become a veterinary surgeon . Following the death of their father in 1878 , Major Shallcross Fitzherbert Widdington , their guardian , encouraged them to pursue an education and funded their attendance at William Williams 's New Veterinary College in Edinburgh . As their mother was acting as a Woman of the Bedchamber to Queen Victoria , Cust enrolled under the name A.I . Custance to avoid any embarrassment for their family . They completed their veterinary studies in 1897 , winning the gold medal for zoology , but was denied permission to sit the final examination and consequently was not admitted as a member of Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons ( RCVS ) . They challenged this in the Court of Session , seeking to overturn the decision of the RCVS examination committee , but the court declined to rule on the basis that the RCVS was not domiciled in Scotland . They refrained from legal action in London , perhaps due to the potential cost , or potential social embarrassment to their mother .
Career
Cust nevertheless went on to practise in County Roscommon with William Augustine Byrne MRCVS , having received a personal recommendation from William Williams , and lived at Castlestrange House ( location of the Castlestrange stone , in the Suck Valley ) near Athleague . The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography states that there is reason to believe that Byrne and Cust `` lived as husband and wife and that they had two daughters , born in Scotland , who were later adopted '' . In 1904 they were briefly engaged to Bertram Widdington , the son of their former guardian , but following objections from their family regarding their career , the wedding did not go ahead .
Cust was later appointed as a veterinary inspector by Galway County Council under the Diseases of Animals Acts , an appointment that was denied by the RCVS due to their lack of professional recognition . The post was advertised again , and when Cust was again selected for the post an agreement was reached under which they carried out the duties of the position with an amended title . Upon the death of Byrne in 1910 , Cust took over the veterinary practice . They practised from Fort Lyster House near Athleague . ( Both Castlestrange and Fort Lyster were later demolished . )
Upon the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 , Cust left Ireland to volunteer at the front and appears to have aided in the treatment and care of horses , working with the YMCA from a base near Abbeville . In 1917 they were appointed to an army bacteriology laboratory which was associated with a veterinary hospital . They are listed as a member of the Queen Mary 's Army Auxiliary Corps from January to November 1918 and it has been suggested that it was their war time work that aided in their acceptance into the RCVS after the war .
The Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons in London did not recognise Cust 's right to practice in their own right in Britain until 1922 , following the enactment of the Sex Disqualification ( Removal ) Act 1919 . Given their years of experience , they were only asked to take the oral part of the final examination . On 21 December 1922 , the president of the RCVS , Henry Sumner , personally presented Cust with their diploma , and they thus became the first woman to be awarded such a diploma .
Later life and recognition
Due to failing health , Cust only continued to practice as a veterinarian for another two years , retiring in 1924 . Having sold their practice , they moved to the village of Plaitford , in the New Forest in Hampshire , England . They died of heart failure in Jamaica on 29 January 1937 whilst visiting friends .
Upon their death they left the RCVS a sum of money to found the Aleen Cust Research Scholarship . In 2007 a plaque was erected in honour of Cust at Castlestrange House , Athleague by Women in Technology and Science and the National Committee for Commemorative Plaques in Science and Technology , with support from Veterinary Ireland .
See also
Joan Morice - First female South African veterinary surgeon .
References
Further reading
Ford , Connie M. ( 1990 ) . `` Aleen Cust , Veterinary Surgeon – Britain 's First Woman Vet '' . Biopress .
Ó hÓgartaigh , Margaret ( 2006 ) . 'Female Veterinary Surgeons in Ireland , 1900-30 ' , Irish Veterinary Journal , 59 : pp . 388–389 .
1868 births
1937 deaths
19th-century Irish women
19th-century Irish people
People from County Roscommon
People from County Tipperary
Irish veterinarians
Irish people of World War I
Women veterinarians
20th-century Irish people
20th-century Irish women
Aleen
The Savage Seven is a 1968 outlaw biker exploitation film directed by Richard Rush , who had directed the previous year 's Hells Angels on Wheels . Rush agreed to direct The Savage Seven in exchange for the opportunity to make the psychedelic film Psych-Out .
Penny Marshall appears in one of their earliest screen roles .
Plot
Kisum , the leader of a motorcycle gang , is in love with waiter Marcia Little Hawk . Them brother Johnnie Little Hawk , the leader of a group of Indians , is upset about the romance . The bikers and Indians join forces but a scheme by crooked business people causes them to become adversaries .
Cast
Robert Walker Jr. as Johnnie
Joanna Frank as Marcia
John Garwood as Stud
Larry Bishop as Joint
Adam Roarke as Kisum
Max Julien as Grey Wolf
Richard Anders as Bull
Duane Eddy as Eddie
Billy `` Green '' Bush as Seely
Penny Marshall as Tina
Reception
In a contemporary review for The New York Times , critic Richard F. Shepard wrote : `` The movie is one continuous uproar of unmuffled motors and head-cracking and emphasized cruelty from one and to another . It is colorful and technically competent but completely cheap in its primitive , uninquiring , kick'-em-in-the-groin sensationalism , too serious to be lusty and too one-note to be interesting . ''
Several critics consider the film to be a biker film adaptation of Akira Kurosawa 's 1954 classic Seven Samurai .
Soundtrack
The film 's soundtrack album was released 1968 on Atco Records as 33-245 ( mono ) and SD-33-245 ( stereo ) .
References
External links
1968 films
1960s action thriller films
1960s crime drama films
1960s exploitation films
American International Pictures films
American action thriller films
American crime drama films
American exploitation films
1960s English-language films
Films about Native Americans
Films directed by Richard Rush
Films scored by Jerry Styner
Outlaw biker films
1960s American films
Priscille Kreto Lagoali ( born 8 May 1997 ) , known as Priscille Kreto , is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a forward for Africa Sports d'Abidjan and the Ivory Coast women 's national team .
International career
Kreto capped for the Ivory Coast at senior level during the 2019 WAFU Zone B Women 's Cup .
See also
List of Ivory Coast women 's international footballers
References
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Abidjan
Ivorian women 's footballers
Women 's association football forwards
Ivory Coast women 's international footballers
Jacob Seth Lofland ( born July 30 , 1996 ) is an American actor best known for their role as Neckbone in the film Mud and for their role as Aris in Maze Runner : The Scorch Trials and Maze Runner : The Death Cure .
Life and career
Lofland was born in Briggsville , Arkansas , the son of Billy and Debra Lofland .
They began their film career playing Neckbone in Jeff Nichols ' Mud , with Matthew McConaughey and Tye Sheridan . The director wanted to find a young actor locally for the part , and had casting notices placed in regional newspapers . Coming across one of them , Lofland 's mother recognized that their son fit every adjective of Neck 's personality description , as well as bringing the boating and cycle riding experience for which Nichols was looking . Lofland sent in an application , and was called in to read for the casting director in Little Rock . Less than three weeks after their mother saw the open casting call in the paper , Lofland took their first plane flight to Austin to audition for Nichols and producer Sarah Green . They were offered the role and within a month found themselves on location with a full movie crew .
In 2013 , they joined the cast of Little Accidents , presented at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival .
In 2014 , they joined the cast of the new season of Justified , and in 2015 , they co-starred as Aris in the film Maze Runner : The Scorch Trials . In 2018 , Lofland reprised the role in Maze Runner : The Death Cure .
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1996 births
American male child actors
Living people
People from Yell County , Arkansas
Bib Stillwell ( born Bermar Sellars Stillwell ; 31 July 1927 – 12 June 1999 ) was a racing driver who was active in Australian motor racing from 1947 to 1965 . They won the Australian Drivers ' Championship in each of the four years from 1962 to 1965 .
Racing career
Stillwell competed in their first race in 1947 at the Ballarat Airstrip circuit , driving an MG TC . They won the Victorian Trials Championship with the MG in the following year and competed in their first Australian Grand Prix in 1953 at the wheel of an Austin-Healey 100 . Stillwell imported a new Jaguar D-Type for 1956 and won the Argus Cup , the SA Trophy and the News South Wales Sports Car Championship in that year . They also placed fifth in the 1956 Australian Tourist Trophy against international opposition . They subsequently raced Maserati , Aston Martin , Cooper and Repco Brabham cars . Stillwell drove an Aston Martin DB4 GT Zagato in the 1961 Le Mans 24 Hour Race with fellow Australian Lex Davison but the car did not finish .
Stillwell won the 1962 Australian Drivers ' Championship with a Cooper and the 1963 , 1964 and 1965 Australian Drivers ' Championships driving Repco Brabhams . They were also victorious in the Australian Tourist Trophy in 1961 and 1962 in a Cooper Monaco and the 1965 Australian One and a Half Litre Championship with a Repco Brabham .
Although they never won an Australian Grand Prix , they placed second in 1961 and 1964 driving a Cooper and a Repco-Brabham respectively , and third in 1960 and 1962 in Coopers .
Stillwell retired from motor racing at the end of the 1965 season . They later participated in historic races in Australia and the United States .
Results
Complete Tasman Series results
Business and private life
Stillwell opened an automotive dealership selling MGs in 1949 and subsequently obtained a Jaguar franchise . A Holden dealership followed , and was to become one of the largest in the Australia . A switch from Holden to Ford in 1966 was followed by the establishment of Stillwell Aviation in 1967 with distribution rights for Beechcraft and later Learjet aircraft . Stillwell moved to the United States in 1979 to take on the role of vice-president of the Gates Learjet Corporation and went on to become president of the company . They later established luxury car dealerships including a BMW franchise and a Jaguar franchise at Doncaster .
Stillwell was married with five children . Their son Michael followed Bib into motorsport , becoming a class front runner in the Australian Touring Car Championship in the 1970s .
Stillwell was awarded an Order of Australia Medal posthumously , in January 2001 . The award was bestowed for services to the motor industry , to the aviation industry , to motor sport and to the community .
References
Businesspeople from Melbourne
1927 births
1999 deaths
Tasman Series drivers
Racing drivers from Melbourne
Eriabu Lugujjo is an electrical engineer , academic and academic administrator . They are the current vice chancellor of Ndejje University , a private Christian university , which was licensed by the Uganda National Council for Higher Education , in 1992 . They were appointed to that position in July 2012 .
Education
They hold a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering , obtained in 1969 , from Makerere University , Uganda 's largest and oldest public university . They also hold a Master of Science degree in Electrical Engineering , obtained in 1971 , from the California Institute of Technology , in Pasadena . Their Doctorate in Electrical Engineering was obtained in 1974 , also from Caltech .
Work history
Soon after graduating from Makerere University , they joined the Faculty of Engineering as a teaching assistant in 1969 . They rose through the ranks , eventually becoming the Head of the Department of Electrical Engineering . From 1981 until 1989 , they were the dean of the Faculty of Technology at Makerere . They have been associated with the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) since 1983 . For a period of eight years , they served as a member of UNESCO 's executive board . They are the current chairperson of the Industrial Training Council , established to guide technical and vocational education in Uganda .
See also
References
External links
Website of Ndejje University
Living people
1948 births
Makerere University alumni
California Institute of Technology alumni
People from Central Region , Uganda
Ugandan Christians
Vice-chancellors of universities in Uganda
Ugandan electrical engineers
Electrical engineering academics
Gerald Martiniuk , ( August 5 , 1937 – May 2 , 2017 ) was a politician in Ontario , Canada . They were a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1995 to 2011 who represented the southern Ontario riding of Cambridge .
Background
Martiniuk was born on August 5 , 1937 in Toronto . They were educated at Lawrence Park Collegiate Institute , University of Western Ontario , University of Toronto ( Political Science and Economics ) and Osgoode Hall Law School .
Politics
Martiniuk began their career at the municipal level , serving as a school trustee on the Waterloo County Board of Education , an alderman in Preston , and chair of the Waterloo Regional Police Commission .
In the 1995 provincial election , they were elected in the riding of Cambridge over incumbent New Democrat Mike Farnan .
They were easily re-elected in the 1999 election , defeating Liberal Jerry Boyle by over 14,000 votes . In 1998 they were appointed as Parliamentary Assistant to the Attorney General .
The PCs were defeated in the provincial election of 2003 , although Martiniuk was again re-elected , this time defeating Boyle by just over 3000 votes . They served as opposition critic for several portfolios including Labour , Consumer and Business Services , Community and Social Services Critic and Seniors .
In 2004 , they supported John Tory 's successful bid replace Ernie Eves as provincial PC leader . Martiniuk was again elected in the provincial election of 2007 with a plurality of 3243 . They served as the critic for Revenue and Seniors . In 2008 they supported Tim Hudak 's successful PC leadership bid . In 2011 , they introduced the Ukrainian Heritage Bill which sets September 7 as Ukrainian Heritage Day in Ontario to mark the anniversary of the arrival of the first Ukrainian immigrants to Canada in 1891 . The bill was passed on March 30 , 2011 .
On October 14 , 2010 , Martiniuk announced their decision not to run in 2011 election .
Affiliations
They were a director of the St. John Ambulance , Cambridge United Way , Preston-Hespeler Rotary Club , Trinity Community Table , Preston YMCA , Chair , Conestoga College Advisory Committee on Criminology before entering provincial politics , and served as president of the Cambridge Chamber of Commerce .
Personal life/death
They and their wife Christine raised four children . They died in Cambridge , Ontario at the age of 79 .
Electoral record
References
External links
1938 births
2017 deaths
21st-century Canadian politicians
Canadian people of Ukrainian descent
Osgoode Hall Law School alumni
People from Cambridge , Ontario
Politicians from Toronto
Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario MPPs
University of Toronto alumni
University of Western Ontario alumni
Andrew S. Levey ( born September 16 , 1950 ) is an American nephrologist who transformed chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) clinical practice , research , and public health by developing equations to estimate glomerular filtration rate ( GFR ) ( renal function ) , and leading the global standardization of CKD definition and staging .
Education and career
Levey graduated from the University of Chicago in 1972 with a Bachelor of Arts in Biological Sciences and graduated as a Doctor of Medicine ( MD ) in 1976 at the Boston University School of Medicine.He became a Professor of Medicine in the Tufts University School of Medicine in 1994 , and was Chief of the Division of Nephrology from 1999 to 2017 .
Contributions
Levey is known for developing the most widely used equations to estimate GFR ( renal function ) globally . They pioneered work with the MDRD Study Equation , led the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration ( CKD-EPI ) , which pooled measured kidney function CKD data from studies all over the world to develop equations to estimate kidney function from serum creatinine , cystatin C , and panels of metabolites and low molecular weight proteins . The 2009 creatinine equation with race and the 2021 creatinine equation without race to replace the 2009 equation are shown below :
For both equations , α is -0.241 for females and -0.302 for males ; min indicates minimum of Scr/k or 1 , and max indicates maximum of Scr/k or 1
Levey is an authority on clinical practice guidelines in kidney disease . They chaired the U.S. National Kidney Foundation Kidney Disease Outcome Quality Initiative ( KDOQI ) Clinical Practice Guideline Workgroup on “ Chronic Kidney Disease : Evaluation , Classification and Risk Stratification ” . The recommendations from this workgroup transformed the way Kidney Disease was defined and staged globally . The guideline has been cited over 10,000 times in subsequent research publications . They led multiple KDOQI and Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes ( KDIGO ) guidelines which advanced the global recognition and care for CKD , hypertension , acute kidney injury , living kidney donor evaluation , and nomenclature .
They were a founding member of the Chronic Kidney Disease Prognosis Consortium ( CKDPC ) , which includes over 80 cohorts and 10 million participants and has informed multiple clinical practice guidelines and regulatory policies .
They led the U.S. National Kidney Foundation task force on cardiovascular disease in chronic kidney disease , which led to the recognition by the American Heart Association of CKD as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease .
They co-chaired the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention expert panel to develop comprehensive public health strategies for preventing the development , progression , and complications of CKD .
They led scientific workshops sponsored by the U.S. National Kidney Foundation in collaboration with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and European Medicines Association for the evaluation of Renal function as surrogate endpoints for clinical trials of kidney disease progression .
They were editor-in-chief for American Journal of Kidney Diseases , the official journal of the U.S. National Kidney Foundation , from 2007-2016 .
Awards
Tufts University School of Medicine : Dean 's Award for Excellence in Teaching ( 1986 ) , Dr. Gerald J. and Dorothy R. Friedman Professor of Medicine ( 1999 ) , Distinguished Faculty Award ( 2004 ) , Dr. Gerald J. and Dorothy R. Friedman Professor of Medicine Emeritus ( 2017 ) , Zucker Family Prize for Research ( 2019 )
Tufts University : Faculty Recognition Award ( 1999 )
Boston University School of Medicine : Distinguished Alumnus ( 2013 )
National Kidney Foundation : President 's Award ( 1998 ) , Garabed Eknoyan Award ( 2002 ) and David M. Hume Award ( 2012 )
American Society of Nephrology : Belding H. Scribner Award ( 2013 )
Association of American Physicians : Member ( 2016 )
European Renal Association/European Dialysis and Transplant Association : Honorary Membership ( 2020 )
Web of Science High Cited Researcher Thomson Reuters and Clarivate Analytics ( 2014-2021 )
Personal
Levey is married to Roberta Falke , MD . In 2009 they donated a kidney to them via a 3-pair transplant . They have one son , Isaac Levey .
References
External links
American nephrologists
American scientists
American epidemiologists
University of Chicago alumni
Boston University alumni
Tufts University faculty
1950 births
Living people
The Pine Line Trail is a rail-trail in Taylor County , and Price County , Wisconsin .
History
From 1876 to 1988 , the site of the trail was a rail line used by the Wisconsin Central Railroad to ship eastern white pine , among other commodities . Pine still lines the trail , accounting for the trail 's name .
Description
The trail is long and generally follows a north–south path along . The trail 's southern terminus is at Medford , Wisconsin in Taylor County ( ) , with the trailhead south of Prentice , Wisconsin in Price County ( ) .
The Pine Line is open for non-motorized use such as bicycling , hiking , and jogging from April 1 through November 30 . Snowmobiles and ATV 's are allowed on the trail from December 1 through March 31 . There are no fees for annual use .
Annual events are scheduled on the trail such as the Dairyland Marathon and Volksmarsch , which is held on the fourth Saturday of April .
See also
Ice Age Trail
List of hiking trails in Wisconsin
List of rail trails
Outdoor recreation
Notes
Hiking trails in Wisconsin
Protected areas of Price County , Wisconsin
Protected areas of Taylor County , Wisconsin
Rail trails in Wisconsin
The Nipper Building is a colloquial name for The Victor condominiums , and formerly , Building 17 , RCA Victor Company , Camden Plant . The structure is a historical building located in Cooper Grant neighborhood of Camden , Camden County , New Jersey , United States . Since 1901 , Camden was the headquarters of the Victor Talking Machine Company , later RCA Victor . Originally a Victrola cabinet factory , the building was converted into luxury apartments and retail space in 2004 .
History
The Nipper Building , now known as 'The Victor ' , was originally constructed during 1909-1916 , by the architectural and engineering firm of Ballinger & Perrot .
Francis Barraud , an unknown British artist , painted a picture of their brother 's dog , `` Nipper '' , sitting attentively in front of a gramophone . Nipper , a mixed-breed dog with probable terrier ancestry , became the best known dog in the world . The painting , called Their Master 's Voice , was sold to the British Gramophone Company Ltd. and eventually became the trademarks of both the Gramophone Company and its new American affiliate , the Victor Talking Machine Company in 1901 . In 1929 , the Radio Corporation of America purchased the Victor Company and the acquisition included the Camden manufacturing plant and the `` His Master 's Voice '' trademark . The four stained glass windows in the buildings tower depicting the Nipper trademark were manufactured by D'Ascenzo Studios in Philadelphia and originally installed in 1915 . The windows were illuminated at night and could be seen for several miles . In 1968 , RCA introduced a new corporate logo and virtually retired both the `` Victor '' and Nipper trademarks . The windows were removed from the tower in 1969 and replaced with RCA 's new logo painted on large sheets of plywood . Beginning in 1976 , partly in response to public demand , the Nipper trademark was reinstated to RCA record labels and other products and used widely again in RCA advertising . Several newspaper articles and news reports about Nipper 's return , appeared at the time . April 10 , 1979 was proclaimed `` Nipper Day '' in New Jersey by Governor Brendan Byrne , and RCA held a ceremony in Camden dedicating four new stained glass windows , identical to the originals , which had been reinstalled in the tower . These windows were damaged by neglect and vandals after General Electric , which had absorbed RCA in 1986 , vacated the building in the 1990s . The broken windows were replaced after the building was acquired by Dranoff Properties and converted into loft apartments .
During the 1970s and 1980s , some parts of the building were used by the RCA Government Communications Systems Division , for the development of computer systems for the U.S. intelligence community .
The Nipper Building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Victor
After GE vacated the building in 1992 , it deteriorated , was vandalized and became a general eyesore to the surrounding area and was in danger of demolition . All but a few of the dozens of other old RCA Victor buildings at the Camden site had already been razed . In 1997 , the building was listed on Preservation New Jersey 's Ten Most Endangered sites list .
Utilizing the Investment Tax Credit , the structure was converted into a complex featuring a mix of 341 upscale loft apartments with outstanding views of the Philadelphia skyline . The restoration was completed in August 2003 at a cost of $ 65 million . under the guidance of BLT Architects . Approximately 80 % of the project 's funding came from private sources , namely through Dranoff Properties , Fleet Bank and Related Capital . Remaining funding came from various public sources including the Casino Reinvestment Development Authority , the New Jersey Redevelopment Authority and the Delaware River Port Authority .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Camden County , New Jersey
List of the tallest buildings in Camden
Victor Talking Machine Company
Gramophone Company
Their Master 's Voice
Nipper
RCA
References
External links
About RCA - Nipper and Chipper
Dranoff Properties profile
Buildings and structures in Camden , New Jersey
National Historic Landmarks in New Jersey
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in New Jersey
Neoclassical architecture in New Jersey
Commercial buildings completed in 1916
National Register of Historic Places in Camden County , New Jersey
Apartment buildings in New Jersey
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
Residential skyscrapers in New Jersey
Skyscrapers in New Jersey
Victor Records
John Robert McLean ( January 1 , 1906 – October 9 , 1964 ) was a merchant and political figure on Prince Edward Island . They represented 1st Kings in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1940 to 1943 , from 1947 to 1951 and from 1959 to 1964 as a Progressive Conservative .
They were born in Souris , Prince Edward Island , the son of Harry Daniel McLean and Annie Mitchell , and the grandson of John McLean . They were educated at the Pictou Academy . In 1936 , they married Marjorie Robina McBeath . They worked at a bank for several years before becoming president of the family business . McLean was defeated by Herbert Acorn when they ran for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1939 ; they were elected to the provincial assembly in a 1940 by-election held following Acorn 's death . They were defeated when they ran for reelection in 1943 , 1951 and 1955 . McLean served as speaker for the assembly from 1959 until their death in office at the Prince Edward Island Hospital in Charlottetown at the age of 58 .
References
1906 births
1964 deaths
Speakers of the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island
Progressive Conservative Party of Prince Edward Island MLAs
Mike Laird ( born July 1 , 1974 , Portsmouth , Virginia ) is an American professional BMX rider . They won the PlayStation Trick of the Year Award during the first ever AST Dew Tour . Laird was nominated pulling a double-tailwhip 360 in BMX Park Finals at Denver 's Right Guard Open .
Media Appearances
Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX ( video game ) ( PlayStation ( console ) )
Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX 2 ( PlayStation 2 and Xbox ( console ) )
Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX 3 ( Game Boy Advance )
Sponsors
Eastern Bikes
Useless Clothes
Nirve Bikes
Van Shoes
Huffly Bikes
Fox Racing
References
BMX riders
1974 births
Living people
The Prussian State Archive Königsberg ( ) was an archive in Königsberg , Germany . It consisted of documents from the state of the Teutonic Order , the Duchy of Prussia , and East Prussia . Most of it is now part of the Prussian Privy State Archives in Berlin-Dahlem .
History
For centuries the archive was held in the oldest part of Königsberg Castle , the western north wing . Documents were stored in oak drawers from the Teutonic era . In 1810 it became supported by the Oberpräsident of East Prussia . The first scientific archivists were Karl Faber and Ernst Hennig . Other archivists included Friedrich Adolf Meckelburg , Rudolf Philippi , Erich Joachim , Hermann Ehrenburg , and Paul Karge . The archive moved to a new building at Hansaring in Mittelhufen , constructed by Robert Liebenthal from 1929 to 1930 . The last director of the archive was Dr. Max Hein .
Most of the collection , including its most valuable documents , were evacuated from Königsberg before the end of World War II and stored in a salt mine at Grasleben . Troops in the British occupation zone then brought them to the Imperial Palace of Goslar . From 1953 to 1979 the collection was stored in Göttingen .
The evacuated Königsberg collection , about 85 % of the pre-war documents , has been in the possession of the Prussian Privy State Archives in Berlin since 1979 . It consists of almost complete collections from the Teutonic and ducal eras . There are numerous documents from the 18th century , but fewer from the 19th and 20th centuries . Other documents from the original collection which were not evacuated are in the possession of the Archiwum Państwowe w Olsztynie in Olsztyn , the Lietuvos mokslų akademijos biblioteka and Lietuvos centrinis valstybės archyvas in Vilnius , and the Gosudarstvennyj Archiv Kaliningradskoj Oblasti in Kaliningrad . Liebenthal 's archive in former Königsberg is now a scientific library in Kaliningrad .
References
External links
GStA PK
1945 disestablishments in Germany
Archives in Germany
Former buildings and structures in Königsberg
History of Prussia
Agada ( ; ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet , Gunibsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 42 as of 2010 .
Geography
Agada is located 44 km northwest of Gunib ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road , on the Kudiyabor River . Agada and Egeda are the nearest rural localities .
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
The Gastone Sozzi Centuria ( ) was a Communist unit raised in Barcelona by Italian and Catalan volunteers who , at the beginning of the Spanish Civil War , went to the defence of Madrid , besieged by the Rebel Army . The name of the unit was in honour of Italian communist Gastone Sozzi , assassinated in 1928 by Fascist Blackshirts .
History
After the Spanish coup of July 1936 , which was seen by many anti-Fascist unions as a Fascist uprising against the democratically elected Republic , a series of Italian anti-Fascists departed to Barcelona from Paris , Lyon , Marseille , Grenoble and Saint-Etienne . On 2 September 1936 , around eighty Italian volunteers arrived at the Carlos Marx Barracks in the city , including at least two elements of different nationalities and some athletes that had come to Barcelona to participate in the People 's Olympiad . On 3 September , the column was officially established . Three groups of Italian volunteers had been created in Barcelona . The first , very small , left with the first columns of Catalan volunteers to the front . The other two gave rise to the Giustizia e Libertà Centuria , of Anarchist orientation , although directed by the Socialist Carlo Rosselli , and the Gastone Sozzi Centuria , with Gotardo Rinaldi as commander and Captain Francesco Leone as political commissar . The Gastone Sozzi Centuria , formed on 3 September , comprised 86 Italians , 29 Poles , 10 French , some Belgians and one Dane .
The Catalan authorities had planned the unit to go to the Aragon Front , but it was integrated into the PSUC Liberty Column as the 22nd Centuria of the unit . On 3 September the centuria was involved in trying to slow the Nationalist advance at Talavera . The centuria arrived in Madrid on 8 September , and quickly collaborated with the Fifth Regiment in the defence of the city . On 13 September , it was already fighting at the 1300 Hill , in Cenicientos , on the Extremadura Road . The centuria was framed as the 3nd Company of the Garibaldi Battalion on 10 October 1936 . Between 16 and 18 October , they fought at Chapinería , before being sent to the base at Albacete . It was then attached , with mainly Italian volunteers , to the XI International Brigade on 22 October , and later the XII International Brigade .
Personnel
Francesco Leone - Captain , political commissar
Gotardo Rinaldi - Commander
References
Anti-fascism in Italy
Defunct communist militant groups
Early Republican international units
Left-wing militant groups in Spain
Military history of Italy
Military units and formations established in 1936
International Brigades
Harry Skipper ( born April 2 , 1960 in Baxley , Georgia ) was a football player in the CFL for seven years . Skipper played defensive back for the Montreal Concordes and Saskatchewan Roughriders from 1983–1989 . They played college football at the University of South Carolina .
They now coach football and track for Thomas County Central High , they also coached wrestling helping four students place 3rd , 4th , 5th , and 6th respectively in state in a 3-year span which is unheard of for this small town school .
References
1960 births
Living people
South Carolina Gamecocks football players
Montreal Concordes players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football defensive backs
People from Baxley , Georgia
Players of American football from Georgia ( U.S. state )
Gosling Brothers Limited is a Bermudan company primarily concerned with blending and distributing rum , importing and distributing spirits on the island , and maintaining a retail presence .
History
In early 1806 James Gosling set out from England with £10,000 in merchandise bound for America . The ship 's charter had expired on the ninety-first day of the voyage , so they set in at the nearest port , Bermuda . However , instead of going on to America , Gosling set up shop on the island later that year .
In 1824 , the company rented their iconic store on Front Street .
The Goslings started formulating rum blends in 1860 , and in three years , they had developed Old Rum , a dark , full-bodied rum . Originally distributed only in barrels and sold to those bringing their own bottles , the rum became more widely available with the introduction of bottling in Champagne bottles , the most widely available at the time . The bottles were salvaged from the British Officers ' Mess and were sealed with black sealing wax . Soon , people were asking for more of the 'black seal ' rum , prompting the change to the name Black Seal Rum .
Gosling Brothers holds the trademark for the Dark 'N Stormy cocktail .
Products
Black Seal Rum – Gosling 's flagship 80 proof Bermuda Black Rum . This is the rum that is mixed with Bermuda ginger beer to create the signature Dark 'N ' Stormy drink . The company also bottles 140 proof and 151 proof renditions of this product .
Gold Rum – Gosling 's amber rum offering , with lighter color and flavor profile than Black Seal .
Old Rum – Also called `` Gosling 's Family Reserve '' , this is a Bermuda black rum made of the same blend used for Black Seal rum . However , it is aged longer and specially packaged . This rum is designed to be enjoyed on its own .
Stormy Ginger Beer – A ginger beer taking inspiration from locally made brews and meant to be the second ingredient in a Dark 'N ' Stormy .
See also
List of rum producers
References
Rums
Food and drink companies of Bermuda
Food and drink companies established in 1806
Retail companies established in 1806
Distilleries
The following list of fictional musteloids in animation is subsidiary to the list of fictional musteloids . This list includes weasels , ferrets , minks , skunks , otters , martens , and red pandas .
All fictional badgers are found within the list of fictional badgers .
All fictional raccoons are found within the list of fictional raccoons .
Ferrets
Martens
Minks
Skunks
Otters
Weasels
Other
References
Mustelids
Mustelids
Mustelids
João Vítor Albano Manuel ( born 13 September 1987 ) is a Swiss footballer . They currently play as a defender in the Portuguese Second Division for G.D. Lagoa .
Career
Manuel previously played for Liga de Honra side Portimonense . Manuel started their career at the youth level . They enjoyed some success and eventually joined the first team in the 2006/07 season , where they played 10 games . However , since that season , they have had limited chances , making only 3 appearances in that time .
References
1987 births
Living people
Swiss footballers
Portimonense S.C. players
Swiss people of Portuguese descent
Association football defenders
Major Stephen Richard St Leger Blakeney ( 31 March 1897 – 1984 ) was an Irish cricketer who was born at Dublin .
During the First World War Blakeney served in the Indian Army and was commissioned on 30 January 1917 to the rank of 2nd Lieutenant from the Quetta Cadet College .
Now attached to the 76th Punjabis they were admitted to the Indian Army on 10 February 1917 ,
transferred to the 82nd Punjabis 5 September 1917 promoted to Lieutenant 30 January 1918 and to the rank of Captain 30 January 1921 .
Returning to England at some point after 1917 , they later played Minor Counties Championship cricket for Devon , making their debut for the county in 1924 against Cornwall . They represented Devon in five further matches in 1924 and 1924 , the last of which came against Monmouthshire .
Returning to the Raj , Blakeney made their first-class debut for the Europeans ( India ) against the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1926 . In the Marylebone Cricket Club 's first-innings they took a single wicket , that of Jack Parsons . In the Europeans first-innings they scored 16 runs before being dismissed by Maurice Tate . They played their second first-class match in 1934 for Sind against Northern India . In the Sind first-innings they scored just a single run before being dismissed by Baqa Jilani , and in their second-innings they scored 5 runs , being dismissed by Khadim Hussain .
They were promoted Major 21 October 1935 and transferred to the Special Unemployed List on 1 June 1936 .
At some point later they moved the Australia , where they died in Melbourne , Victoria in 1984 , although the exact date is n't known .
References
External links
Richard Blakeney at ESPNcricinfo
Richard Blakeney at CricketArchive
1897 births
1984 deaths
Indian Army personnel of World War I
British Indian Army officers
Irish cricketers
Devon cricketers
Europeans cricketers
Sindh cricketers
Presentación Urán González ( 29 May 1956 , Madrid ) is a Spanish politician and former member of the Spanish Parliament .
Married , with two children , they worked as an administrator before being elected in 1993 as a United Left ( IU ) deputy for Valencia region and was re-elected again in 1996 and 2000 . At the 2004 election , they stood down , although their name appeared on the IU list in fifteenth place in a district where the party had never won more than two seats . In Congress they were a fourth secretary and also served on the New Technologies commission in Congress .
References
External links
profile at the Spanish Congress website
1956 births
Living people
Politicians from Madrid
Members of the 5th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Members of the 6th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Members of the 7th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Politicians from the Valencian Community
United Left ( Spain ) politicians
21st-century Spanish women politicians
20th-century Spanish women politicians
Thomas Shi-Tao Huang ( , June 26 , 1936 – April 25 , 2020 ) was a Chinese-born American computer scientist , electrical engineer , and writer . They were a researcher and professor emeritus at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign ( UIUC ) . Huang was one of the leading figures in computer vision , pattern recognition and human computer interaction .
Early life and education
Huang was born June 26 , 1936 , in Shanghai , Republic of China . In 1949 , their family moved to Taiwan . Huang studied electronics at the National Taiwan University and received their bachelor 's degree in 1956 .
Huang went on to the United States to study at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) . At MIT they worked initially with Peter Elias , who was interested in information theory and image coding , and then with William F. Schreiber . At that time scanning equipment was not commercially available , so it was necessary to build a scanner for digitizing and reproducing images . Computer programs were written in assembly language using a prototype Lincoln Lab TX-0 computer . Descriptions of digitized images were stored on paper tape with punched holes . Huang was supervised by Schreiber for both their M.S . thesis , Picture statistics and linearly interpolative coding ( 1960 ) , and their Sc.D . thesis , Pictorial noise ( 1963 ) . Their master 's work focused on algorithms for image coding using adaptive techniques for interpolation with sensitivity to edges . Their doctorate included work on the subjective effects of pictorial noise across a spectrum .
Career
Huang accepted a position on the faculty of the Department of Electrical Engineering at MIT , and remained there from 1963 to 1973 . They accepted a position as an electrical engineering professor and director of the Information and Signal Processing Laboratory at Purdue University in 1973 , remaining there until 1980 .
In 1980 Huang accepted a chair in electrical engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign ( UIUC ) . On April 15 , 1996 , Huang became the first William L. Everitt Distinguished Professor in Electrical & Computer Engineering at UIUC . They were involved with the Coordinated Science Laboratory ( CSL ) , and served as head of the Image Formation and Processing Group of the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology and co-chair of the Beckman Institute 's research track on Human Computer Intelligent Interaction . As of 2012 , they were named a Swanlund Chair , the highest endowed title at UIUC . Huang retired from teaching as of December 2014 , but continued to be active as a researcher .
Huang was a founding editor of the International Journal of Computer Vision , Graphics and Image Processing , and of Springer-Verlag 's Springer Series in Information Sciences . They helped to organize the first International Picture Coding Symposium ( 1969 ) , the first International Workshop on Very Low Bitrate Video Coding ( 1993 ) , and the first International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition ( 1995 ) , all of which became repeated events .
Research
Huang 's research tended to focus on the development of general concepts , methodologies , theories , and algorithms which have wide application to multimodal and multimedia signal processing . While still at MIT , they developed the first algebraic procedure for testing the stability conditions of two-dimensional filters , based on double bilinear transformation and the Ansell method . They also published on digital holography . While at Purdue , they worked on nonlinear filters , particularly median filters , which became a standard technique for the removal of noise in images .
Some of their earliest work dealt with image compression , extending later into areas of enhancement , restoration and analysis . They developed approaches for binary document compression that utilized 2-dimensional scanned information , examining the changes from one line of a scan to the next , and detecting transition points at which a subsequent line differs . Statistical predictions and experimental results of the model 's performance conformed well . In 1969 , Huang and Grant Anderson were one of the first teams to propose a method for block transform coding , building on the work of J. J. Y. Huang and Peter M. Schultheiss .
In 1984 , Tsai and Huang were the first to present a frequency-domain multi-frame method which related the discrete Fourier transform of observed low-resolution satellite images from the acquisition stage to the continuous Fourier transform of the high-resolution image , using the inverse Fourier transform to obtain a final image with increased resolution . Huang also worked on wavelet methods of encoding and on fractal coding . Wavelet coding is particularly important for content based image retrieval from multimedia databases containing images , video , audio , and text . It enables searches to be done on smaller encoded images rather than on full-size retrieved images . Other research areas of importance include the use of relevance feedback in adapting database systems to user intentions ( when browsing or searching ) , and constructing tables of contents and semantic indexes for video using multimedia information ( image sequence , audio , and closed-captions if available ) .
In the area of 3-D modelling , Huang worked on the identification of three-dimensional motion and the structure of rigid objects given multiple images in which corresponding features can be identified . This work was important for the compression of television images , for the development of image standards , and for research into human and computer vision . Huang also worked on the 3-D modeling , analysis , and synthesis of images of the human face , hands , and body . The initial motivation behind this research was to support low bitrate 3-D model-based video coding for video phone and teleconferencing . The idea was that if a 3-D model of the user could be transmitted and reconstructed at the receiving end , it would then be sufficient to extract and send movement information to drive the 3-D model and regenerate the video sequence . Tools developed for this type of scenarios are applicable to many other problems as well , including virtual space conferencing with avatars , and electronic games .
Huang considered image and speech processing to be fundamentally similar , and worked with speech recognition and sound processing as well as images . Huang , Mark Hasegawa-Johnson , and their students created a database of speech , recorded in automobiles , that is usable as a benchmark for testing audio-visual speech recognition algorithms . They also developed methods for detecting audio elements that are likely to attract human attention , and are using them to enable humans to more effectively go through large amounts of audio recordings to find important information .
Huang did important work in multimodal human computer interaction and interface design . They were one of the first researchers to combine audio and video-based techniques for identification of human affective states . More recent work by Huang and others attempts to `` develop a series of algorithms to extract information from multi-modality in an optimal way '' , screening large amounts of data from multiple sources and optimizing the types and amounts of data that are compressed and transmitted . Such opportunistic sensing research has applications in both military and civilian use .
Huang also hoped to develop more natural and effective ways for humans to interact with a computer or virtual environment using speech and gesture . Research projects include visual hand tracking and gesture recognition ; the use of visual lip reading to enhance audio speech recognition accuracy ; and integration of speech recognition and visual gesture analysis in the controlling of displays in virtual environments .
They also worked on audio-visual recognition of gender , age group , and emotion . Their work in gender and emotion detection received media attention when their software was used to examine the Mona Lisa , concluding that the portrait was of a female ( not , as some had theorized , based on Da Vinci himself ) and that their enigmatic smile was more happy than sad .
In 2015 , Huang worked with Ann Willemsen-Dunlap in an interdisciplinary project to develop a 3-D computer-generated avatar , capable of showing appropriate emotions , to be used in online communication of medical information to patients .
They also explored the use of high-performance computing and big data to develop better techniques for deep learning . One of the tasks being studied , not surprisingly , is face recognition . In another project , their team is working with astronomer Robert Brunner to train a feedforward neural network to identify images of galaxies .
Published work
Huang had published more than 21 books and been an author on more than 600 papers . Representative publications by Thomas Huang include :
Qi , G. J. , Aggarwal , C. , Tian , Q. , Ji , H. , Huang , T. S. ( 2012 ) , `` Exploring Context and Content Links in Social Media : A Latent Space Method '' , IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence , pp . 850–862 .
Jaimes , A. , Gatica-Perez , D. , Sebe , N. , Huang , T.S . ( 2007 ) , `` Human-centered Computing : Toward a Human Revolution '' , IEEE Computer , 40 ( 5 ) , pp . 30–34 .
Cohen , I. , Cozman , F. , Sebe , N. , Cirelo , M. , Huang , T.S . ( 2004 ) , `` Semi-supervised Learning of Classifiers : Theory , Algorithms and Their Applications to Human-Computer Interaction '' , IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence , 26 ( 12 ) , pp . 1553–1567 .
Pan , H. , Levinson , S.E. , Huang , T.S. , and Liang , Z.P . ( 2004 ) , “ A Fused HMM Model with Application to Bimodal Speech Processing , ” IEEE Transactions On Signal Processing , 52/3 , pp . 573– 581 .
Zhou , X.S . and Huang , T.S . ( 2003 ) , `` Relevance Feedback in Image Retrieval : A Comprehensive Review , '' ACM Multimedia Systems Journal , pp . 536–544 .
Bruckstein , A.M. , Holt , R.J. , Huang , T.S. , and Netravali , A.N . ( 2000 ) , `` New Devices for 3D Pose Estimation : Mantis Eyes , Agam Paintings , Sundials , and Other Space Fiducials , '' International Journal of Computer Vision , pp . 131–139 .
– This paper received the Most Cited Paper of the Decade Award from the Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation , 2010
Lew , M.S. , Wong , K. , and Huang , T.S . ( 1994 ) , `` Learning and Feature Selection in Stereo Matching , '' IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence , pp . 869–881 .
Arun , K. , Huang , T.S. , and Blostein , S.D . ( 1987 ) , `` Least-Squares Fitting of Two 3-D Point Sets , IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence , pp . 698–700 .
R. Y. Tsai and T.S . Huang , ( 1984 ) `` Uniqueness and estimation of three-dimensional motion parameters of rigid objects with curved surfaces '' IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence , pp . 13–27 .
Personal life
Huang was married to Margaret , who preceded them in death by three months . They married in 1959 .
Huang died peacefully in Indiana on April 25 , 2020 at the age of 83 .
The couple had four children : Caroline , Greg , Tom and Marjorie .
Honors
Huang received numerous honors and awards in their career , including :
Memberships
Foreign Member , Chinese Academy of Sciences , 2002
Foreign Member , Chinese Academy of Engineering , 2001
Member , United States National Academy of Engineering , 2001
Fellow , Japan Society for the Promotion of Science , 1986
Fellow , SPIE
Fellow , International Association of Pattern Recognition ( IAPR )
Fellow , Optical Society of America , 1986
Life Fellow , IEEE , 1979
Awards
Azriel Rosenfeld Award , 2011
HP Innovation Research Award , 2009
Picture Coding Symposium : Pioneering Research in Picture Coding Award , 2006
IS & T and SPIE Imaging Scientist of the Year Award , 2006
Okawa Prize for Information and Telecommunications Technology , 2005
Tau Beta Pi Daniel C. Drucker Eminent Faculty Award , 2005 .
Pan Wen-Yuan Outstanding Research Award , Pan Wen-Yuan Foundation , 2002
King-Sun Fu Prize , International Association of Pattern Recognition ( IAPR ) , 2002
Information Science Award , Association of Intelligent Machinery , 2002
IEEE Jack S. Kilby Signal Processing Medal , 2001 ( together with Arun N. Netravali )
IEEE Achievement Award for Contributions to Motion Analysis , 2000
IEEE Third Millennium Medal , 2000
Society Award , IEEE Signal Processing Society , 1991
IEEE ASSP Society Technical Achievement Award , 1988
A. V. Humboldt U.S. Senior Scientist Award , 1976–77
Guggenheim Fellow , 1971–72
Awards Named
Huang supervised more than 100 graduate students . In 2012 , the Thomas and Margaret Huang Fund for Graduate Research was created in response to appeals by former students James J. Kuch and Chang Wen Chen , to celebrate the contributions of Huang and their wife as mentors and teachers as well as their contributions as a researcher . The fund will provide scholarships to support students in Human-Computer Intelligent Interaction at the Beckman Institute .
References
1936 births
2020 deaths
20th-century American engineers
21st-century American engineers
American computer scientists
American electrical engineers
American science writers
American writers of Chinese descent
Chinese emigrants to the United States
Computer vision researchers
Engineers from Shanghai
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Fellows of the International Association for Pattern Recognition
Fellows of the Optical Society
Fellows of SPIE
Foreign members of the Chinese Academy of Engineering
Foreign members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
National Taiwan University alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
MIT School of Engineering faculty
Purdue University faculty
Scientists from Shanghai
Speech processing researchers
Taiwanese people from Shanghai
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
Writers from Shanghai
