Gonbach is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Iba Cathedral ( ) , formally referred to as the Saint Augustine Cathedral Parish ( ) , is a cathedral parish of the Catholic Church located in the municipality of Iba , Zambales , Philippines . It is dedicated to Saint Augustine of Hippo and is the episcopal seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Iba which covers Zambales and Olongapo .
History
In the early decades of Spanish colonization , the territory of Zambales included parts of present-day Pangasinan and Bataan . The Augustinian Recollects were the first to spread Catholicism in the province . Opposition and conflicts with the local Aetas prompted the Recollects to build a fort in an area called Playa Honda which served as a refuge for the new converts . Iba , also spelled as `` Yba '' and formerly named as `` Paynawen '' , was eventually founded in 1611 as a visita of Masinloc . It became a parish of its own in 1681 .
The Recollects led the construction of the church of Iba in the 18th century . It is made of coral and limestone , the same materials used to build other churches in the province such as those in Masinloc and Botolan . The church was the venue of the session of the Second Philippine Commission under William Howard Taft which founded the province of Zambales on August 28 , 1901 . The church administration in the province went to the Society of the Divine Word in 1928 and the Columban Fathers in 1951 . It became the cathedral of the Prelature of Iba in 1955 and also when it was elevated to a diocese in 1982 .
Gallery
References
External links
Facebook page
Iba , Zambales
Roman Catholic churches in Zambales
Roman Catholic cathedrals in the Philippines
Spanish Colonial architecture in the Philippines
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the Philippines
Thomas Jackson Calvert ( 1775–1840 ) was an English Anglican priest and theologian . Calvert was born in 1775 ; educated at Kirkham Grammar School and St John 's College , Cambridge ; and ordained in 1800 . They held incumbencies at Holme-on-Spalding-Moor and Manchester Collegiate Church . They were Norrisian Professor of Divinity from 1815 to 1824 . They died on 4 June 1840 .
Life
They were born at Preston in 1775 . Their father , whose name was Jackson , sent them to Clitheroe Free Grammar School , of which the master was then the learned Rev . Thomas Wilson , BD . They entered St. John 's College , Cambridge , and was fourth wrangler . They were BA in 1797 , MA in 1800 , BD in 1807 , and DD in 1823 . The last-named degree was taken in the name of Calvert , which they assumed on the death of a friend belonging to an old Lancashire family , who , although unconnected by blood , left them about 1819 a large fortune .
They were fellow of their college in 1798 , tutor in 1814 , and Norrisian Professor of Divinity from 1814 to 1824 , in which year they resigned the post of Lady Margaret 's preacher , which they had held since 1819 . Having been appointed king 's preacher at Whitehall , they attracted the attention and admiration of Lord Liverpool , who appointed them to the rectory of Wilmslow . Although the crown claimed the patronage , it was ultimately decided that the right vested in the ancient family of the Traffords of Trafford , who for more than two centuries had been Roman Catholics . Calvert had their consolation in the college living of Holme , Yorkshire , in 1822 , and in the wardenship of the Collegiate Church of Manchester , conferred unsolicited on the recommendation of their admirer , Lord Liverpool . They were installed on 8 March 1823 . They married Juliana , daughter of Sir Charles Watson of Wratting Park , Cambridgeshire , and had three sons .
Calvert was constitutionally diffident , and did not take much part in public affairs except in their opposition to Catholic emancipation . Their serene manners and gentle deportment made them very popular . They died after a short illness in their house at Ardwick on 4 June 1840 , and was followed to the grave by the whole body of the Manchester clergy .
Works
They wrote :
The Disinterested and Benevolent Character of Christianity , a Sermon , Cambridge , 1819 .
The Rich and Poor shown to be of God 's appointment and equally the objects of Their regard , two Sermons at Whitehall , Cambridge , 1820 .
Christ 's Presence a source of Consolation and Courage , a Sermon , London , 1823 .
Help in Time of Need , a Sermon , London , 1826 .
Infidelity Unmasked , a Sermon , Manchester , 1831 .
An Established Church the best means of providing for the Care of a Christian Community , a Sermon , Manchester , 1834 .
A Sermon preached before the Corporation of the Sons of the Clergy in St. Paul 's Cathedral ( 1837 ) .
On the Duty of Bridling the Tongue , a Sermon , 1840 . This was written for a volume made up of contributions by thirty-nine divines towards a fund for St. Andrew 's Schools , Manchester .
References
Sources
1775 births
1840 deaths
Norrisian Professors of Divinity
People educated at Kirkham Grammar School
Alumni of St John 's College , Cambridge
People from Holme-on-Spalding-Moor
Fever is a 1991 made-for-TV thriller film , starring Armand Assante , Marcia Gay Harden and Sam Neill . It was written by Larry Brothers and directed by Larry Elikann . The film was first aired at HBO on May 11 , 1991 .
Plot
Ray had just left prison and looks to resume their relationship with Lacy . However , they are now , almost married to Elliott and does n't want to know anything about him . When they are kidnapped by Ray 's former associates , they and Eliott needs to join forces to save them
Cast
Armand Assante as Ray
Marcia Gay Harden as Lacy
Sam Neill as Eliott
John Achorn as Parole Board Member
Joe Spano as Junkman
Mark Boone Junior as Leonard
Jon Gries as Bobby
Gordon Clapp as Meeks
Gregg Henry as Dexter
Francesca Buller as Denise
References
External links
YouTube
American thriller television films
1991 films
1991 thriller films
Films directed by Larry Elikann
1990s American films
Warren County is a rural county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 52,403 . The county seat is Indianola .
Warren County is included in the Des Moines–West Des Moines , IA Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Warren County was formed in 1846 . It was named for General Joseph Warren , a hero in the American Revolutionary War . The present Warren County Court House was opened in 1939 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Major highways
Interstate 35
U.S. Highway 65
U.S. Highway 69
Iowa Highway 5
Iowa Highway 28
Iowa Highway 92
Iowa Highway 316
Adjacent counties
Polk County ( north )
Marion County ( east )
Lucas County ( southeast )
Clarke County ( southwest )
Madison County ( west )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 52,403 in the county , with a population density of . 95.46 % of the population reported being of one race . There were 20,857 housing units , of which 19,616 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 46,225 in the county , with a population density of . There were 18,371 housing units , of which 17,262 were occupied .
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 40,671 people , 14,708 households , and 11,207 families in the county . The population density was 71 people per square mile ( 27/km2 ) . There were 15,289 housing units at an average density of 27 per square mile ( 10/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 98.08 % White , 0.27 % Black or African American , 0.17 % Native American , 0.38 % Asian , 0.04 % Pacific Islander , 0.29 % from other races , and 0.76 % from two or more races . 1.08 % . were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 14,708 households 37.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 64.50 % were married couples living together , 8.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 23.80 % were non-families . 19.90 % of households were one person and 8.70 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.05 .
The age distribution was 27.00 % under the age of 18 , 9.70 % from 18 to 24 , 28.20 % from 25 to 44 , 23.20 % from 45 to 64 , and 11.80 % 65 or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females , there were 94.60 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.80 males .
The median household income was $ 50,349 and the median family income was $ 56,344 . Males had a median income of $ 36,983 versus $ 26,768 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 20,558 . About 3.70 % of families and 5.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 6.40 % of those under age 18 and 5.20 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Ackworth
Bevington
Carlisle
Cumming
Des Moines
Hartford
Indianola
Lacona
Martensdale
Milo
New Virginia
Norwalk
Sandyville
Spring Hill
St. Marys
West Des Moines
Unincorporated communities
Beech
Churchville
Cool
Liberty Center
Prole
Ourtown E & J.L.B.A 's
Townships
Warren County has sixteen townships :
Allen
Belmont
Greenfield
Jackson
Jefferson
Liberty
Lincoln
Linn
Otter
Palmyra
Richland
Squaw
Union
Virginia
White Breast
White Oak
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Warren County .
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Warren County , Iowa
References
Further reading
Beatty , Jerry K. Patriotism , Courage , & Sacrifice : Warren County 's Response to WW II ( Indianola : Warren County Historical Society , 2017 ) . 401 pp online review
External links
Official Warren County website
1846 establishments in Iowa Territory
Des Moines metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1846
FK Mogila Bi Milk ( ) is a football club based in the village of Mogila near Bitola , Republic of Macedonia . They were recently played in the Macedonian Third League .
History
The club was founded in 2009 .
References
External links
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Football Federation of Macedonia
Mogila
Association football clubs established in 2009
2009 establishments in the Republic of Macedonia
FK
Mohurgong & Gulma Tea Estates is a tea garden in the Matigara CD block in the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Geography
Location
Mohorgon Tea Garden is located at .
Area overview
The map alongside shows the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district . This area is spread across the foothills of the Himalayas and is a plain land gently sloping from north to south . While the northern part is mentioned as the Terai region , the larger southern portion forms the western part of the Dooars region . While 55.11 % per cent of the population resides in the rural areas , 44.89 % resides in the urban areas . On the western side the Mechi River forms a long border with Nepal . On the eastern side the Mahananda River forms a short border with Bangladesh .
Note : The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision . All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map .
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India , Mohorgon Tea Garden had a total population of 3,169 of which 1,503 ( 47 % ) were males and 1,666 ( 53 % ) were females . There were 422 persons in the age range of 0 to 6 years . The total number of literate people in Mohorgon Tea Garden was 1,704 ( 53.77 % of the population over 6 years ) .
Mohurgong and Gulma Tea Estates
Mohurgong Tea Estate was established by the pioneer Indian planter Bipradas Palchoudhry in 1886 . The place is located between Mahananda Wildlife Sanctuary and Siliguri . In 1930 Bipradas 's son , Amiya Palchoudhury , purchased the adjoining Gulma Tea Estate from a British company and the two together were developed as a leading tea garden in the terai region . Presently , the fourth generation of the Palchoudhury family operates the tea estate . Large groups of people from the Eastern Himalayan and Chotanagpur regions thronged to work in the tea estate . Their descendants continue to work in the tea garden .
Education
Ila Palchoudhury Memorial High School is a Hndi-medium coeducational institution established in 1981 . It has facilities for teaching from class V to class XII .
Transport
There is a station at Gulma , 10 km from New Jalpaiguri Junction railway station , on the New Jalpaiguri-Alipurduar-Samuktala line .
References
Villages in Darjeeling district
Cambodian Self Help Demining ( CSHD ) is a nonprofit NGO founded by Aki Ra in Cambodia . Its mission is to clear landmines and UXOs in 'low priority ' villages throughout the Kingdom of Cambodia . Low priority villages are often villages in remote area with limited traffic and populated by poor farmers . Hence , they do not receive priority from mine clearance projects and are at times overlooked .
Efforts and funding
Cambodian Self Help Demining ( CSHD ) is a nonprofit NGO founded by Aki Ra in Cambodia . Its mission is to clear landmines and UXOs in 'low priority ' villages throughout the Kingdom of Cambodia . Low priority villages are often villages in remote area with limited traffic and populated by poor farmers . Hence , they do not receive priority from mine clearance projects and are at times overlooked . The development problems that Cambodia faces with regard to landmines are enormous . The CSHD helps to solve some of the problems , such as rural poverty , by giving people access to previously hazardous land that can be used for farming , houses and schools to improve their standard of living .
In 2010 , CSHD cleared seven villages , removed 150 mines and UXOs and put 4,695 people back on previously mine-contaminated land . They also helped to build and support two village schools and paid the teacher 's salaries .
CSHD has set up a Landmine Relief Fund to support the demining process . The main aim of the Fund is to seek contributions from external organizations to finance maintenance of the demining team . It costs about US $ 9,000 per month to maintain a demining team in the field , with the deminers paid up to US $ 250 per month . In 2011 , CSHD had only 1 demining team , comprising 18 deminers working in the field and 7 support staff . It has been a continuing challenge for CSHD to raise funds .
Affiliates
Besides actively carrying out demining work in the field , Cambodian Self Help Demining also cares for the children living at the Landmine Museum Relief Center ; a home to children who have been orphaned by landmines and have no one else to take care of them . Their mission is to provide education and support for children at risk . The provision of shelter and education for these children allows them to have a higher standard of living , with education providing employment opportunities in the future .
See also
Land mines in Cambodia
References
Mine action organizations
Military history of Cambodia
Charles Gaines ( born 1944 ) is an American artist whose work interrogates the discourse of aesthetics , politics , and philosophy . Taking the form of drawings , photographic series and video installations , the work consistently involves the use of systems , predominantly in the form of the grid , often in combination with photography . Their work is rooted in Conceptual Art – in dialogue with artists such as Sol LeWitt , Lawrence Weiner and Mel Bochner – and Gaines is committed to its tenets of engaging cognition and language . As one of the only African-American conceptual artists working in the 1970s , a time when political expressionism was a prevailing concern among African-American artists , Gaines was an outlier in their pursuit of abstraction and non-didactic approach to race and politics . There is a strong musical thread running through much of Gaines ' work , evident in their repeated use of musical scores as well in their engagement with the idea of indeterminacy , as similar to John Cage and Sol LeWitt .
Early life and education
Gaines was born in Charleston , South Carolina . Raised in Newark , New Jersey , they attended Newark Arts High School and received a BA from Jersey City State College in 1966 . They earned their MFA in 1967 as the first African American to be accepted into the MFA program at the School of Art and Design at the Rochester Institute of Technology . From 1967 to 1990 they were a professor of art at California State University Fresno . Since 1989 , they have been a faculty member at the California Institute of the Arts , influencing many young artists who studied with him , among them Edgar Arceneaux , Rodney McMillian , Andrea Bowers , Mark Bradford , Sam Durant , and Laura Owens . In 2008 Gaines taught at the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture . They currently live and works in Los Angeles , California .
Career
In Motion : Trisha Brown Dance ( 1981 ) , Gaines photographed postmodern dancer Trisha Brown performing the piece Son of Gone Fishin '' ' . Numbering the spaces in a grid that correspond with the body in motion , and overlaying another grid drawing for each image in the series , Gaines seeks to transcribe the moving body in a way that the photograph can not . In doing so , they also create an erasure of the body 's distinguishing contours – aligning with Trisha Brown 's embrace of structures that obscure themselves . With the series Walnut Tree Orchard , Charles Gaines started working with photographs in their artworks in addition to mathematical formulas , continuing the use of grid paper.ExplosionsHistory of StarsNIGHT/CRIMESShadowsWalnut Tree Orchard ( 1975-2014 ) String TheoryManifestosSound Text ( 2015 )
In addition to working on their art , Gaines has been serving on the advisory board of the Hauser & Wirth Institute since 2018 .
Exhibitions
After their first New York City exhibition at Cinque Gallery in 1972 , Charles Gaines was included in the 1975 Whitney Biennial at the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City . In the 1980s , Charles Gaines was represented by and had solo exhibitions at Leo Castelli Gallery and John Weber Gallery in New York . They have shown at Margo Leavin Gallery in Los Angeles , Young Hoffman in Chicago , Richard Heller Gallery in San Francisco , and Galerie Lavignes-Bastille in Paris , among others . In 2006 Gaines began to exhibit with Susanne Vielmetter Los Angeles Projects , and in 2014 with Paula Cooper Gallery , New York .
Most recently , they were included in 56th Venice Biennale , curated by Okwui Enwezor in 2015 . Their work has been included in other major group exhibitions , including the 2007 Venice Biennale , `` Blues for Smoke '' ( Museum of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles , 2012 ) and Now Dig This ! Art and Black Los Angeles 1960 – 1980 , curated by Kellie Jones at the Hammer Museum and Under the Big Black Sun : 1974–1981 , at the Museum of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles which was curated by Paul Schimmel as part of the 2011 Getty 's Pacific Standard Time initiative , Gaines was featured in two prominent Los Angeles exhibitions :
In 2012 the Pomona College Museum of Art and the Pitzer Art Gallery in Claremont , CA , exhibited In The Shadow of Numbers , Charles Gaines Selected Works from 1975 to 2012 which involved a collaborative musical performance with Terry Adkins . Charles Gaines : Gridwork 1974–1999 , the artist 's first survey exhibition , was organized by The Studio Museum in Harlem in July 2014 .
In 2019 the SculptureCenter , Queens , New York , exhibited Searching the Sky for Rain from September 16 , 2019 – December 16 , 2019 which is a collaboration of many artists such as Carmen Argote , Tony Cokes , Rafael Domenech , Mandy El-Sayegh , ektor garcia , Jacqueline Kiyomi Gordon , Tishan Hsu , Rindon Johnson , Becket MWN , Shahryar Nashat , Michael Queenland , Johanna Unzueta , Jala Wahid , Eric Wesley , Riet Wijnen and Charles Gaines included . The Searching the Sky for Rain exhibit has only two of their works within them . The one placed in the ground floor was the “ Numbers and Trees : Central Park Series II : Tree # 7 '' ( made in 2016 ) Laurel and the second placed in the lower level being `` Face 1 : Identity Politics , # 10 , Edward Said '' ( made in 2018 ) .
Awards
Gaines received a National Endowment for the Arts ( NEA ) Grant in 1977 . They received a California Community Foundation ( CCF ) in 2011 , and a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2013 . Gaines received the CalArts REDCAT Award in 2018 and was awarded the 60th annual Edward MacDowell Medal in 2019 .
Writing
Gaines has written a number of academic texts including : Theater of Refusal : Black Art and Mainstream Criticism ( UC Irvine , 1993 ) ; Art , Post History and the Paradox of Black Pluralism , Merge , 12 ( 2004 ) ; `` Reconsidering Metaphor/Metonymy : Art and the Suppression of Thought '' , Art Lies , Issue 64 ( Winter/2009 ) ; `` Ben Patterson : The History of Gray Matter From the Avant-garde to the Postmodern '' , a catalog essay for an exhibition at the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston ( November 2010 ) ; and Kerry James Marshall , London : Phaidon Press , 2017 .
Solo exhibitions
2022
Gridwork : Palm Canyon Watercolors Galerie Max Hetzler , Paris
2021
New Work : Charles Gaines
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art , San Francisco
Dia Beacon , Beacon
Multiples of Nature , Trees and Faces Hauser & Wirth , London
2022
Drawings , Hauser & Wirth , St. Moritz
2019
Palm Trees and Other Works , Hauser & Wirth , Los Angeles
2018
Galerie Max Hetzler , Berlin
Faces 1 : Identity Politics , Paula Cooper Gallery , New York
Group Exhibitions
2022
Forest Through the Trees , Laumeier Sculpture Park , St. Louis
Lifes , Hammer Museum , Los Angeles ( catalogue )
2021
Grief and Grievance : Art and Mourning in America , New Museum , New York ( catalogue )
Kathmandu Triennial , Kathmandu
Blood , Sweat , and Tears , UMLAUF Sculpture Garden and Museum , Austin
Lives that Bind : a restorative justice installation , Santa Monica City Hall East , Santa Monica
2020
Lives that Bind : a restorative justice installation
City Services Building Art Bank , Santa Monica
Drawing 2020
Gladstone Gallery , New York
To Form a More Perfect Union
Hauser & Wirth , New York
Artists for New York
Hauser & Wirth , New York
Garden of Six Seasons
Para Site , Hong Kong
2019
Words , Alexander Berggruen , New York
Generations : A History of Black Abstract Art , The Baltimore Museum of Art , Baltimore
Searching the Sky for Rain , SculptureCenter , New York
Process and Pattern , Wisch Family Gallery , Anderson Collection at Stanford University , Stanford
Trees , Fondation Cartier pour l´art contemporain , Paris
The World to Come : Art in the Age of the Anthropocene , University of Michigan Museum of Art , Ann Arbor
About Things Loved : Blackness and Belonging , Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive , Berkeley
California Artists in the Marciano Collection , Marciano Art Foundation , Los Angeles
Mapping Black Identities , Minneapolis Institute of Art , Minneapolis
Solidary & Solitary : The Joyner / Giuffrida Collection , Smart Museum of Art , Chicago
Selected Public Collections
Art Institute of Chicago , Chicago
Blanton Museum of Art , The University of Texas at Austin , Austin , Texas
Baltimore Museum of Art , Baltimore
Hammer Museum , Los Angeles , California
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden , Washington DC
Lentos Museum , Linz
Marciano Collection , Los Angeles
Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago
Minneapolis Institute of Art , Minneapolis , MN ( `` Explosion # 25 '' , 2008 )
Art market
Gaines is represented by Hauser & Wirth ( since 2018 ) and Galerie Max Hetzler . They previously worked with Paula Cooper Gallery and Vielmetter Los Angeles .
References
External links
Miranda , Carolina A. , `` How the dense grids of artist Charles Gaines took the ego out of art '' , Los Angeles Times '' , March 3 , 2015 .
1944 births
Living people
African-American artists
California Institute of the Arts faculty
Artists from Charleston , South Carolina
Artists from Newark , New Jersey
Newark Arts High School alumni
Rochester Institute of Technology alumni
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
James Poke ( born 1963 in Dorking , England ) is a musician , primarily known as artistic director and co-founder of the ensemble Icebreaker .
Poke studied music at the University of York and composition with Erich Urbanner at the Hochschule für Musik und Darstellende Kunst in Vienna . With John Godfrey they founded Icebreaker in 1989 . As well as running the group , they also play flutes , pan-pipes , keyboards and WX11 wind synthesiser in the ensemble . They have arranged many pieces for Icebreaker and produced or co-produced several of Icebreaker 's albums . They also work as a music copyist .
They also have a strong interest in politics and is currently chair of the Nicaragua Solidarity Campaign , and also chair of the West Surrey branch of the Palestinian Solidarity Campaign .
Discography
Playing flutes , pan-pipes , wind synthesiser and keyboards :
Icebreaker , Official Bootleg ( ICC , 1991 , live album , cassette only )
Graham Fitkin , Hook , Mesh , Stub , Cud ( Argo , 1993 ) ( with Icebreaker )
Short Cuts – Breaking the sound Barrier – An Argo Sampler ( Argo , 1994 ) ( with Icebreaker )
Icebreaker , Terminal Velocity ( Argo , 1994 )
Icebreaker , Trance ( Argo , 1996 )
Century XXI UK A–M ( New Tone , 1996 ) ( with Icebreaker )
Bang on a Can , Industry ( Sony Classical , 1995 )
Icebreaker , Rogue 's Gallery ( New Tone , 1997 )
Icebreaker , Diderik Wagenaar ( Composers ' Voice / Donemus , 2001 ) ( also co-producer )
Icebreaker , Extraction ( between the lines , 2001 ) ( also producer )
Bang on a Can , Louis Andriessen : Gigantic Dancing Human Machine ( Cantaloupe , 2003 )
Icebreaker , Trance ( Cantaloupe Music , 2004 ) ( also producer )
Icebreaker , Cranial Pavement ( Cantaloupe Music , 2005 ) ( also co-producer )
Icebreaker , Terminal Velocity ( Cantaloupe Music , 2005 ) ( also producer )
Icebreaker , Music with Changing Parts ( Orange Mountain Music , 2007 ) ( also producer )
References
External links
Icebreaker website
Icebreaker Apollo website
Icebreaker MySpace site
West Surrey Palestine Solidarity Campaign
Nicaragua Solidarity Campaign
1963 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of York
English flautists
The Politics of Campania , Italy takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democracy , whereby the President of Regional Government is the head of government , and of a pluriform multi-party system . Executive power is exercised by the Regional Government . Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Regional Council .
Executive branch
The Regional Government ( Giunta Regionale ) is presided by the President of the Region ( Presidente della Regione ) , who is elected for a five-year term , and is composed by the President and the Ministers ( Assessori ) , who are currently eight , including a vice president , all appointed by the President .
List of presidents
Legislative branch
The Regional Council of Campania ( Consiglio Regionale della Campania ) is composed of 60 members . 48 councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and open lists , while 12 councillors ( elected in bloc ) come from a `` regional list '' , including the President-elect . One seat is reserved for the candidate who comes second . If a coalition wins more than 50 % of the total seats in the council with PR , only 6 candidates from the regional list will be chosen and the number of those elected in provincial constituencies will be 54 . If the winning coalition receives less than 40 % of votes , special seats are added to the council to ensure a large majority for the President 's coalition .
The council is elected for a five-year term , but , if the President suffers a vote of no confidence , resigns or dies , under the simul stabunt , simul cadent clause introduced in 1999 ( literally they will stand together or they will fall together ) , also the council is dissolved and a snap election is called .
Local government
Provinces
Municipalities
Provincial capitals
Parties and elections
Latest regional election
In the latest regional election , which took place on 20–21 September 2020 , Vincenzo De Luca of the Democratic Party was re-elected President by a landslide 69.5 % of the vote .
References
External links
Campania Region
Regional Council of Campania
Constitution of Campania
Campania
The Land of Open Graves is a book by anthropologist Jason De León with photographs by Michael Wells . The book examines the human consequences of United States immigration policy . Using research methods from all four subfields of anthropology , De León sheds light on the lives ( and deaths ) of the thousands of migrants who cross the US border with Mexico daily in the Sonoran Desert of Arizona . The book was published in hardcover and paperback by the University of California Press in 2015 as part of the California Series in Public Anthropology .
Summary
Jason De León details the effects of U.S. border control policy through stories of suffering and struggle . They discuss the hopes of migrants , the challenges they face as they attempt to cross the border , and the impact that these experiences have on the migrants both physically and psychologically . The book is broken out into three parts . Part One is the discussion of the border control policies and the dangers that come with attempting to cross the border . Part Two recalls the personal stories , journeys , and aftermath of immigrants who crossed the border . Part Three concludes the book and shows how the repercussions of successful and failed border crossing attempts extend far beyond the immigrant himself .
Part One : This Hard Land
In the first part of the book , De León discusses the steps that were taken to result in the system , `` Prevention Through Deterrence , '' that is in place today to prevent migrants from coming into America . They also expand upon the ideas of the hybrid collectif and “ Prevention Through Deterrence ” by arguing that the United States deliberately funnels migrants through the Sonoran Desert so that various human and nonhuman actants do the “ brutal work ” for Border Patrol . They also use the phrase bare life to describe those that have died and their death means nothing . This phrase is used to describe many migrants who lost their lives while attempting to cross . De León notes how there are very few posters set up in Mexico that inform migrants of the horrors they will come upon should they choose to attempt to cross . `` Operation Blockade '' was the very first stone to be thrown in the pond of preventing migrants from entering . Border Patrol knew that by having the only open area to cross be in the Sonoran Desert that there would be fewer attempts at crossing .
Part Two : El Camino
In part two they highlight their interactions and the accounts of several people , which includes that of Memo and Lucho 's difficult journeys to the United States via the Sonora Desert . The accounts of Memo and Lucho are crucial to the entirety of the book because De León exerts the usage of actual voices of those who have experienced the monster known as the `` desert hybrid collective . '' De León also describes the deportation process and takes distance from their personal expériences . They espouse their opposition to the Department of Homeland Security 's former practices of `` catch and release '' , which would lead to an immediate deportation of the migrants , to the one implemented since 2005 and usually referred to as Operation Streamline . They also follow a group of migrants who are deported back to Nogales following their hearing . They are brought to the Juan Bosco shelter where they will be able to spend a few nights .
Part two ends with Memo and Lucho successfully crossing the border and living in Arizona . They readily share their stories even though migrants settled in the US usually choose to forget their crossing experience due to the traumatic circumstances they may have faced in the desert and their illegal status . They are aware of the fragility of the history of border crossing , how migrants and the objects they leave behind are labeled `` trash '' and disposed of carelessly . De León uses the method Archaeology of the Contemporary to uncover and document the truth about conditions faced and the origins of those who have braved the Sonoran Desert . A crucial detail of the migrant process they discover is the typology of layups , or break spots . A way to , “ distinguish between sites where people camp for long periods , briefly rest , get picked up , practice religion , get arrested , and die. ” This information brings clarity to the timing and location of events .
Part Three : Perilous Terrain
In part three De León examines how border crossings , both successful and failed , had an impact . De León and their colleagues discover the dead body of a female migrant that appears to have experienced necroviolence , which they state is the embodiment of what the Department of Homeland Security 's `` Prevention Through Deterrence '' looks like . They discuss the more harrowing aspects of being anthropologists , and expresses the realities of practicing Anthropology , `` directing a research project focused on human suffering and death in the desert means we ca n't ignore certain parts of the social process just because it sickens us or breaks our hearts . '' The body is identified as Maricela from Ecuador . The team gets in contact with Maricela 's family , one of whom is a migrant living in Queens , New York , Christian . Christian explains that they never wanted Maricela to cross due to the difficulty and horrors that they faced both before , during , and after successfully crossing the border . De León and their colleagues also travel to meet Maricela 's family in Ecuador and once there , their family members also state that they warned them against the attempt but that they left in hopes of providing a better life for their three children . De León concludes their book expressing their objective , which was to unveil the curtain that the US Government hides behind , known as `` Prevention Through Deterrence '' , and its lasting after-effects .
Theoretical
The Hybrid Collectif
Using Callon and Latour 's approach of the Actor-Network theory , De León affirms that the American government 's policy of Prevention Through Deterrence uses an assemblage of actants they nickname the `` hybrid collectif . '' This network contains a large set of human and non-human actants ( the Desert itself , the heat , the scavenging animals , the smugglers and robbers , etc . ) that hinder the migrants ' attempt at border-crossing and facilitates death and disappearance . They argue that the United States deliberately takes advantage of the `` dangerosity '' of the hybrid collectif to deter migrants from crossing the border .
Necropolitics and Necroviolence
According to De León , the death of border-crossers is the result of what Achille Mbembe has described as Necropolitics . In other words , the American Government is using its sovereignty power to justify the death of migrants . They also develop the concept of Necroviolence to describe the mistreatment of bodies of migrants by the hybrid collectif . Although these practices of corporeal perversions have always been used to send a message to the living , they notice that the United States uses them as a utensil to deter people from attempting a perilous border-crossing .
Critical Reception
The Land of Open Graves has received both positive and negative reception since its release and garnered numerous awards including the 2016 Margaret Mead Award from the American Anthropological Association and from the Society for Applied Anthropology , the 2016 Book Prize from The Society for Latin American and Caribbean Anthropology , the 2017 Delmos Jones and Jagna Sharf Memorial Prize for the Critical Study of North America ( Society for the Anthropology of North America ) , and the 2018 J.I . Staley Book Prize from the School for Advanced Research .
The book has been reviewed in The New York Times and the Times Literary Supplement .
Joseph Nevins wrote a largely positive review of the work , but raised two criticisms . They took strong issue with De León 's “ shocking decision to buy and execute ﬁve pigs to understand what happens to human corpses when they are exposed to the elements of the desert. ” Nevins also criticized De León 's final statements regarding the broad apparatus of exclusion , in which the author stated that there is “ no easy solution ” to the issue , while saying their intent of the book was “ never about solving our problem of illegal immigration. ” Nevins ' critiqued De Leon 's practice of “ unauthorized mobility delimiting the range of solutions , which one defines as a predicament informing analysis and thus possible responses . ”
Writing for the University of Oxford , Andrew Roesch-Knapp critiqued the book 's strong language and poor reproduction of photographs , but ultimately praised De León 's thesis of desert geography being used for immigration enforcement and concluded that `` the book provides a scathing , holistic critique of American immigration policy . '' In a review published by Rutgers University , Susan Bibler Coutin also noted the questionable ethics of De León 's research and their coverage of uncomfortable topics , but ultimately praised the book for `` the degree to which De León introduces readers to a world that they likely either do not know or wish they could forget . ''
In 2017 , De León received the prestigious MacArthur `` Genius Grant '' from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation .
Photographs
A majority of the photographs displayed in the book were captured by Michael Wells , a good friend of De León . Working as collaborators , they compiled materials for their ethnography with the intention to publicize migrant narratives and present new data on the detrimental effects of Prevention Through Deterrence . The main demonstration of this was featured in chapter 8 . Revisiting a familiar trail with their students , De León stumbled upon a dead female migrant at the coordinates BK-5N31 ” 44 ' 55 ” , WIII 12 ' 24 ” . It was concluded that they died of dehydration and exhaustion ; De León took record of this and photos of their body for their research . The body was later identified as Carmita Maricela Zhagüi Puyas , an Ecuadorian native .
People later criticized De León for their documentation of Maricela , saying the photos “ robbed them of their dignity ” . De León countered with the assertion that the tragic deaths of migrants should cease to be hidden . They said , “ This invisibility is a crucial part of both the suffering and the necroviolence that emerge from the hybrid collectif ” , the hybrid collectif being the harsh environment of the Sonoran desert , the smugglers , and border patrol . Marisela 's brother-in-law Christian backed them by saying , “ I want you to put photos that show our reality . That is better…The realness . That way people will believe what is happening . That they will know that this is the truth . A lot of people think it 's all a lie . That this stuff does n't happen .
Michael Wells captured mundane aspects of the border crossing experience as well , and Memo and Lucho contributed to this with pictures of them from throughout their journey . In one , they lay by a tree to rest because they are too exhausted to continue . Then they are playfully taking selfies in front of cattle because starvation momentarily drove them mad . These images and that of the simple “ ambiguous ” construction of a migrant shelter , a canyon filled with discarded worn out backpacks or a shoe held together by a bra strap give subtle evidence of the trials and tribulations migrants are forced to endure . What De León says is the , “ phenomenology of suffering shared by many . ”
References
2015 non-fiction books
Anthropology books
University of California Press books
A chalupa ( in Basque : Txalupa ) is a small boat that functions as a shallop , water taxi or gondola , such as those seen at the `` floating gardens '' of Xochimilco south of Mexico City , Mexico . Chalupa is also the name of the type of whaling boat used by the Basques in the mid-16th century in what is now Newfoundland and Labrador .
Description
Chalupa boats are normally rowed or poled , and less commonly motorized . Common characteristics are shallow drafts and narrow benches or seats for one , two or three passengers . A chalupa is not to be confused with a trajinera , which is a boat housing long benches along the edges , and a table through the middle , and poled by a standing person .
These boats are typical of Mexico City 's Xochimilco channel and are frequented by local families for weekend picnics on the water . Chalupas transit on the same channel offering food , beverages , or even live music trios to the trajineras .
Chalupa in Portuguese is a small boat used for cabotage , either with oars or sails , in the latter case with a single mast .
The mid-16th century chalupa used by the Basque whalers was long , and would have been manned by a steersman , five oarsmen , and a harpooner . Examples of four of these have been discovered in Canada at Red Bay in what is now Newfoundland and Labrador since 1978 . One such chalupa has been given extensive conservation treatment , and as of July 1998 is on display in the visitor centre of Red Bay National Historic Site of Canada .
References
Boat types
Water transport in Newfoundland and Labrador
Chaetostomella vibrissata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae .
Distribution
Russia , China , Japan .
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1898
Diptera of Asia
Sergio Roitman and Alexandre Sidorenko were the defending champions . Roitman retired in 2009 and Sidorenko chose to not participate this year .
Rui Machado and Daniel Muñoz-de la Nava defeated 1st-seeded James Cerretani and Adil Shamasdin 6–2 , 6–3 in the final .
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External Links
Doubles Draw
Poznań Porsche Open - Doubles
2010 Doubles
Świątniki Małe ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west-central Poland . It lies approximately six kilometers ( 4 mi ) southeast of Mieleszyn , twelve kilometers ( 7 mi ) north of Gniezno , and fifty-one kilometers ( 32 mi ) northeast of the regional capital of Poznań .
References
Villages in Gniezno County
Oakland is a city in California , United States .
Oakland may also refer to :
Canada
Rural Municipality of Oakland , Manitoba
Oakland , Nova Scotia
Oakland Township , Ontario , a historical township in the County of Brant
Oakland , Essex County , Ontario
United States
Oakland Township ( disambiguation ) , any of several localities
Alabama
Oakland , Alabama ( disambiguation )
Oakland , Chambers County , Alabama
Oakland , Lauderdale County , Alabama
Oakland , Limestone County , Alabama , near Athens
Oakland ( near Madison ) , Limestone County , Alabama
California
Oakland , California
Florida
Oakland , Florida
Oakland Park , Florida
Oakland , one of the Neighborhoods of Jacksonville
Georgia
Oakland , Atlanta , a neighborhood of Atlanta
Oakland City ( Atlanta ) , a neighborhood in southwestern Atlanta
Illinois
Oakland , Illinois
Oakland Township , Schuyler County , Illinois
Oakland , Chicago
Iowa
Oakland , Iowa
Oakland Acres , Iowa
Kansas
Oakland Township , Clay County , Kansas
Oakland Township , Cloud County , Kansas
Kentucky
Oakland , Kentucky
Oakland , Bracken County , Kentucky
Louisiana
Oakland , Union Parish , Louisiana , a settlement in Union Parish , Louisiana
Maine
Oakland , Maine , a New England town
Oakland ( CDP ) , Maine , the primary village in the town
Maryland
Oakland , Maryland , a town in Garrett County
Oakland , Caroline County , Maryland
Oakland Mills , Columbia , Maryland
Michigan
Oakland Charter Township , Michigan
Oakland County , Michigan
Minnesota
Oakland , Minnesota , an unincorporated community
Oakland Township , Freeborn County , Minnesota
Oakland Township , Mahnomen County , Minnesota
Missouri
Oakland , Missouri
Oakland , Laclede County , Missouri
Oakland Park , Missouri , a former village now merged with Webb City
Nebraska
Oakland , Nebraska
Oakland Township , Burt County , Nebraska
New Jersey
Oakland , New Jersey , a borough in Bergen County
Oakland , Salem County , New Jersey
Pennsylvania
Oakland ( Pittsburgh )
Oakland , Lawrence County , Pennsylvania
Oakland , Susquehanna County , Pennsylvania
Oakland Township , Butler County , Pennsylvania
Oakland Township , Susquehanna County , Pennsylvania
Oakland Township , Venango County , Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
Oakland , Rhode Island
Oakland Beach , Rhode Island
Texas
Oakland , Cherokee County , Texas
Oakland , Colorado County , Texas
Wisconsin
Oakland , Wisconsin ( disambiguation )
Oakland , Burnett County , Wisconsin , a town
Oakland ( community ) , Burnett County , Wisconsin , an unincorporated community
Oakland , Douglas County , Wisconsin , a town
Oakland , Jefferson County , Wisconsin , a town
Oakland ( community ) , Jefferson County , Wisconsin , an unincorporated community
Other states
Oakland City , Indiana
Oakland , Massachusetts
Oakland , Mississippi
Oakland Gardens , Queens , New York
Oakland & Northwood Avenue Area , a neighborhood in Columbus , Ohio
Oakland , Oklahoma
Oakland , Oregon
Oakland , South Carolina
Oakland , Tennessee
Oakland Park , Virginia , an unincorporated community of Northampton County
Oakland , Washington , an unincorporated community
Historic buildings and plantations
Oakland ( Warm Springs , Georgia ) , a registered historic place in Georgia
Oakland Plantation House ( Gurley , Louisiana )
Oakland Plantation ( Natchitoches Parish , Louisiana )
Oakland ( Bryantown , Maryland )
Oakland ( 9 Oakhurst Drive , Natchez , Mississippi )
Oakland ( Lower Woodville Road , Natchez , Mississippi ) , a registered historic place in Mississippi
Oakland ( Airlie , North Carolina )
Oakland Plantation ( Carvers , North Carolina )
Oakland Plantation ( Tarboro , North Carolina )
Oakland Plantation ( Beech Island , South Carolina )
Oakland Plantation ( Fort Motte , South Carolina )
Oakland Plantation House ( Mount Pleasant , South Carolina )
Oakland ( Dresden , Tennessee ) , a registered historic place in Tennessee
Oakland ( Gallatin , Tennessee ) , a registered historic place in Tennessee
Oakland ( Montpelier , Virginia )
Oakland ( Parkersburg , West Virginia )
Educational institutions
Oakland University , in Oakland County , Michigan
Oakland City University , in Oakland City , Indiana
Oakland Community College , in Oakland County , Michigan
Oaklands College , in Hertfordshire , England
Sports teams
Oakland Athletics , a Major League Baseball team in California
Oakland Golden Grizzlies , the intercollegiate athletic program of Oakland University in Michigan
Oakland Roots SC , a soccer team in California
People
Ethelmary Oakland ( 1909–1999 ) , American silent film child star
Dagmar Oakland ( 1893–1989 ) , American actor
Simon Oakland ( 1915–1983 ) , American actor
Thomas Oakland ( 1939–2015 ) , American school psychologist
Other uses
Fort Oakland , a defunct post-Civil War fort at the site of present-day Tonkawa , Oklahoma
Oakland Motor Car Company , an American car manufacturer later renamed to Pontiac
USS Oakland ( CL-95 ) , a warship of the U.S. Navy
See also
Oakland Cemetery ( disambiguation )
Oakland Historic District ( disambiguation )
Oakland Plantation ( disambiguation )
Oakland School ( disambiguation )
Oaklands ( disambiguation )
Auckland , the largest city in New Zealand
Auckland ( disambiguation )
`` Telegraph Ave. ( `` Oakland '' by Lloyd ) '' , a 2013 song by Childish Gambino from the album Because the Internet
Sri Piyaratana Tissa Mahanayake Thero ( ) ( 12 December 1826 - 20 May 1907 ) , also known as Dodanduwa Piyaratne Thero , was the Mahanayaka Thero of the Amarapura Nikaya ( circa 1860s ) , and the Sanganayake of the Southern Province . They popularised the 'Poruwa ' ceremony at Buddhist weddings .
They established Sri Lanka 's first Buddhist school in 1869 , Jinalabdhi Vishodaka , now known as Dodanduwa Piyarathana Vidyalaya . They are believed to be the founding father of Buddhist education in Sri Lanka .
They were a member of the Weerasooriya family of Dodanduwa and Hikkaduwa , they were the brother of David Weerasooriya and uncle of Arnolis Weerasooriya .
The Tibetan Monk S. Mahinda was ordained by him . They were also a close friend of Henry Steel Olcott and administered 'pansil ' to him .
Early life and works
Piyaratana Tissa Mahanayake Thero was the son of Don Margiris de Silva Weerasooriya . They were the chief monk ( Viharadhipathy ) at the Gothami Viharaya ( Borella ) , Shaila Bimbaramaya Temple in Dodanduwa , and Mangalaramaya ( Beruwela ) . They established the first Buddhist School in Sri Lanka , Jinalabdhi Vishodaka , located within the premises of Sailabimbaramaya Temple in Dodanduwa . They managed to do this despite the difficulties faced from colonial leaders at the time .
In 1883 , they were appointed Head of the Sri Kalyanawansa Chapter . They also formed a Buddhist Society , Lokaratha Sadhana Sangamaya , which became a forefront of safeguarding Buddhist education in the country .
Founding of Jinalabdhi Vishodaka ( Dodanduwa Piyarathana Vidyalaya )
In 1869 , Piyaratana founded Jinalabdhi Vishodaka , the first Buddhist School in Sri Lanka . It was initially located inside the Sri Swarna Shaila Bimbaramaya Temple in Dodanduwa .
Originally known as Jinalabdhi Vishodaka ( `` in the love of Buddha '' ) , it was subsequently re-named by Siridhamma Thero ; their pupil , successor and the chief incumbent of the Temple , following Piyaratana 's death .
Olcott contributed in many ways towards this school , financially and in resources , including laboratory equipment . This included a 8-mm projector with film rolls , which is believed to be the first projector brought to Sri Lanka .
Correspondences with Colonel Olcott
Piyaratana exchanged correspondence with Colonel Henry Steel Olcott several years before Olcott arrived in Sri Lanka .
In 1880 , Colonel Olcott and Madame Helena Blavatsky arrived at the Galle Harbour , and travelled to the Sailabimbaramaya Temple in Dodanduwa , where they met Piyaratana , to learn about the difficulties faced by Buddhists and their education . 'Pansil ' was first administered to Olcott by Piyaratana .
Olcott wrote in their diary
Letters sent by Olcott to Piyarathana can be found in the Library of Sailabimbaramaya Temple . As a result of Piyarathana 's efforts , they were conferred an honorary membership of the Theosophical Society , which was based in New York . In 1878 the official document , Akthapatra , certifying their membership , was sent to Piyarathana , signed by Henry Steele Olcott , Helena Blavatsky and Alexander Wilder . It provides the following description ,
Due to their combined efforts , the first Buddhist school was officially registered in 1874 , five years after its formation . According to the documents available in the Sailabimbaramaya Temple , Olcott and Blavatsky spent ten days in the temple discussing the revival of Buddhist education . Besides Jinalabdhi Vishodaka , Piyarathana also established several other Buddhist Schools , including Upadya Kanishta Vidyalaya at Panadura , the Weligama Buddhist School and similar Buddhist schools in Kathaluwa and Ahangama .
Letter between Olcott and Ven Piyaratana
Letter to Dodanduwa Sri Piyaratana Tissa Mahanayake Thero , by Henry Steel Olcott :
Death and legacy
Piyaratana died on 20 May 1907 , aged 80 . Following their death their disciple , Ven . Dodanduwe Dammissara Thera , became the administrator of the school and founded an English school in the Sailabimbarama Temple premises .
The Postal Ministry issued a postal stamp valued at 60 cents on 22 May 1984 commemorating Piyaratana .
See also
Sri Lankan Buddhism
References
1826 births
Sri Lankan Buddhist monks
1907 deaths
People from Galle
Theravada Buddhist monks
Sri Lankan Theravada Buddhists
20th-century Buddhist monks
19th-century Buddhist monks
Sinhalese monks
Luccombe Manor ( also Lovecombe , 11th century ) was a manor house on the Isle of Wight , situated in the parish of Bonchurch .
History
Luccombe was held of the Confessor by Sawin as an alod , and at Domesday was in the hands of the king .
It formed part of the original endowment of Quarr Abbey , having been given to the abbey by Hugh de Mandeville .
At the beginning of the 13th century Walter de Insula ( Lisle ) , with the consent of their son Geoffrey , endowed Quarr with the cultivated ground on the side of St. Boniface Down next Luccombe . Luccombe continued to belong to the monastery till the Dissolution , when it passed to the Crown . It was granted in 1553 to Thomas Reve and George Cotton , who sold it two days later without licence to William Colnett . In 1557–8 William obtained licence to retain the manor , of which they died seised in July 1594 , leaving as their heir their son Barnabas , who in 1602 disposed of it to Michael Knight of Landguard , who died seised of it in 1612 . It remained in the Knight family till 1753 , when Anne Knight , spinster , disposed of it to William Pike , who devised it to —Bonham . In 1782–3 it was in the possession of members of the families of Bonham , Carter and Atherley , and in 1791 Edward Carter and their wife Harriet were dealing with it . At the beginning of the 19th century it had come to the Atherley family ; in 1891 it was sold by Mr. Arthur Atherley to the Slater Ball Syndicate , and is now split up into various ownerships .
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page 's `` A History of the County of Hampshire : Volume 5 ( 1912 ) '' , a publication now in the public domain
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Manor houses in England
Árpád Miskey ( 11 September 1886 – 15 October 1962 ) was a Hungarian wrestler . They competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1886 births
1962 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Hungary
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male sport wrestlers
Martial artists from Budapest
Fatal Experiments is a collection of three adventures published by Chaosium in 1990 for the horror role-playing game Call of Cthulhu , written by Russell Bullman , Gregory W. Detwiler , William Dunn , L.N . Isinwyll , Penelope Love , Kurt Miller , Kevin A. Ross , Richard Watts .
Plot summary
Fatal Experiments is a set of three adventures set in the 1920s : `` Tatterdemallion '' , `` The Songs of Fantari '' , and `` The Lurker in the Crypt '' . The scenarios are sequentially linked , and involve investigation of a dangerous research project .
Reception
In the February 1992 edition of Dragon ( Issue # 178 ) , Rick Swan called this supplement `` Another first-class collection of short scenarios for Chaosiums Call of Cthulhu game . '' They found that all three of the scenarios were `` full of surprises and are delightfully disgusting . ''
Reviews
White Wolf # 26 ( April/May , 1991 )
References
Call of Cthulhu ( role-playing game ) adventures
Christopher Mamengi ( born 3 April 2001 ) is a Dutch football player who plays as a left back for FC Utrecht .
Honours
Netherlands U17
UEFA European Under-17 Championship : 2018
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Dutch people of Angolan descent
Association football defenders
Eerste Divisie players
FC Utrecht players
Jong FC Utrecht players
Sportspeople from Amersfoort
Footballers from Utrecht ( province )
Gia Woods ( born May 22 , 1996 ) is a Los Angeles-based pop musician .
Early life
Woods grew up in a traditional Persian household in Los Angeles . Them father owned a popular Persian restaurant , and their mother was a stay-at-home mom who also handled the business side of the restaurant . Woods became interested in music in part due to their shyness and lack of confidants growing up . Them older sister encouraged them to join choir in high school , which led to their pursuit of music as a career .
Career
Woods was scouted by their first manager in their senior year of high school from a choir performance . As a result , they pursued music full time immediately after graduating , rather than going into dentistry as they had planned .
Woods debuted in 2015 with the song `` Only A Girl , '' which describes their first same-sex relationship . Woods came out as a lesbian to their family through the song . The accompanying music video has over 10 million hits on YouTube .
Woods released their debut EP Cut Season on October 9 , 2020 . The EP was influenced by the lack of support Woods received from friends after their experience leaving a four-year relationship and their father 's passing .
In 2021 , Woods released the first part of their two-volume EP , Heartbreak County , which reflects on life in Los Angeles .
Involvement in the LGBT Community
Woods has performed at several LGBT events , such as Nashville 's OutLoud Music Festival in 2019 , North Jersey Pride Festival in 2019 , to Thrive with Pride concert in 2021 , and Jersey Pride in 2022 . They have also been featured in Calvin Klein 's LGBTQ Pride campaign , and has been a Savage X Fenty ambassador .
Influences
Woods is inspired by Radiohead , Green Day and Madonna .
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
References
1996 births
21st-century American women singers
American women pop singers
American women singer-songwriters
American people of Iranian descent
American lesbian musicians
LGBT singers from the United States
Living people
Musicians from Los Angeles
21st-century American singers
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
Singer-songwriters from California
Rajo may refer to :
Rajo , Syria , a village in Syria
Rajo Jack ( 1905–1956 ) , American race car driver
Rajo Singh ( 1928–2005 ) , politician from Bihar , India
Rajo Motor and Manufacturing , a company that manufactured Model T cylinder heads
Rajo Nizamani , a town in Taluka , Tando Muhammad Khan district , Sindh , Pakistan
Iodosobenzene or iodosylbenzene is an organoiodine compound with the empirical formula . This colourless solid compound is used as an oxo transfer reagent in research laboratories examining organic and coordination chemistry .
Preparation and structure
Iodosobenzene is prepared from iodobenzene . It is prepared by first oxidizing iodobenzene by peracetic acid . Hydrolysis of resulting diacetate affords `` PhIO '' :
The structure of iodosobenzene has been verified by crystallographically . Related derivatives are also oligomeric . Its low solubility in most solvents and vibrational spectroscopy indicate that it is not molecular , but is polymeric , consisting of –I–O–I–O– chains . The related diacetate , , illustrates the ability of iodine ( III ) to adopt a T-shaped geometry without multiple bonds .
Theoretical studies show that the bonding between the iodine and oxygen atoms in iodosobenzene represents a single dative I-O sigma bond , confirming the absence of the double I=O bond .
Applications
Iodosobenzene has no commercial uses , but in the laboratory it is employed as an `` oxo-transfer reagent . '' It epoxidizes certain alkenes and converts some metal complexes into the corresponding oxo derivatives . Although it is an oxidant , it is also mildly nucleophilic . These oxo-transfer reactions operate by the intermediacy of adducts PhI=O→M , which release PhI .
Iodosobenzene and sodium azide in acetic acid can be used convert carbon-carbon double bonds to vicinal diazides :
.
Safety
This compound is explosive and should not be heated under vacuum .
See also
Dess-Martin reagent
References
Iodanes
Phenyl compounds
Inorganic polymers
Reagents for organic chemistry
Börrstadt is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Sabhakunwar is the current member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly for Bhatpar Rani , constituency number 340 . They became M.L.A . in May 2022 . They belong to the party BJP .
They fought their first election in 2002 for Vidhan sabha but lost . Since then they have fought many elections in 2007 , 2012 , 2013 ( by-election ) , 2014 ( Lok- sabha ) , 2017 but has lost all of them . Their first win was in 2022 when they joined the BJP .
Born - Kukurghati , Uttar Pradesh
Hometown - Bhatpar Rani
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Uttar Pradesh
Uttar Pradesh MLAs 2022–2027
Bruce Monteath ( born 20 September 1955 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played in the VFL between 1975 and 1980 for the Richmond Football Club . They also played in the WAFL for the South Fremantle Football Club between 1972 and 1974 and then again from 1981 to 1983 . They ended their playing career at Claremont ( 1984-1985 ) and then coached the West Perth Football Club for the 1987 and 1988 seasons .
Their greatest achievement came in 1980 when they captained Richmond to the 1980 Premiership , defeating Collingwood by a then-record 81 points . However , they spent very little time on the ground in this game , despite Richmond 's dominance .
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Richmond Football Club players
Richmond Football Club Premiership players
South Fremantle Football Club players
Claremont Football Club players
Western Australian State of Origin players
All-Australians ( 1953–1988 )
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
West Perth Football Club coaches
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
A sudden stop in capital flows is defined as a sudden slowdown in private capital inflows into emerging market economies , and a corresponding sharp reversal from large current account deficits into smaller deficits or small surpluses . Sudden stops are usually followed by a sharp decrease in output , private spending and credit to the private sector , and real exchange rate depreciation . The term “ sudden stop ” was inspired by a banker 's comment on a paper by Rüdiger Dornbusch and Alejandro Werner about Mexico , that “ it is not speed that kills , it is the sudden stop ” .
Sudden stops are commonly described as periods that contain at least one observation where the year-on-year fall in capital flows lies at least two standard deviations below its sample mean . The start of the sudden stop period is determined by the first time the annual change in capital flows falls one standard deviation below the mean and the end of the sudden stop period is determined once the annual change in capital flows exceeds one standard deviation below its sample mean .
Economic impact
The balance of payments identity establishes that the current account is equal to the capital account plus the accumulation of international reserves . Therefore , a large slowdown in capital inflows is met either by a loss of international reserves and/or a lower current account deficit , both of which have negative economic effects .
A reduction in the current account deficit is achieved through a decrease in domestic aggregate demand for tradable goods . Since tradable and non-tradable goods are complements , this also reduces demand for non-tradable goods . The demand for tradable goods reflects in a reduction in imports ; however , the lower demand for non-tradable goods translates into lower output and real depreciation of the currency ( lower relative price of non tradable to tradable goods ) . Firms producing non-tradable goods face an increase in the real cost of financing , as the cost of loans in terms of the price of non-tradable goods rises . These firms get lower revenues , which reduce their ability to repay their loans . As a result , banks face a higher rate of non-performing loans from this sector . In this situation , banks become more cautious and decrease loans , which worsens the economic recession .
A collapse in asset prices also contributes to a sharp slowdown in economic activity . The value of loan collaterals are severely reduced which further impacts the situation of the financial system and reduces credit , reflecting in lower consumption and investment . Furthermore , lower asset prices have negative wealth effects for consumers , which further reduce consumption spending . The features of sudden stops are similar to those of balance of payment crises in terms of devaluations of the domestic currency followed by periods of output loss . However , sudden stops are characterized by sharper recessions and a larger fall in the price of non-tradable to tradable goods .
A similar argument relates large changes in relative prices of tradable and non-tradable goods with the effects of a sudden stop . The mechanism is explained by a credit based approach to currency crises , where countries with less developed financial markets experience a sharper output fall during a sudden stop episode , regardless of whether the country has a fixed or floating exchange rate regime , as the source of the crisis is through the deterioration of private firms ' balance sheets . Therefore , a higher proportion of foreign currency debt increases the vulnerability to currency devaluations . Different to first generation crisis models , in their model crises may occur even under low unemployment and sound fiscal policies .
An additional effect of sudden stops and third generation crises in emerging markets are related to financial institutions and sudden stops in short term capital inflows , in comparison to previous crises where the main features were related to fiscal imbalances or weakness in real activity . In this type of model , international financial markets play a key role , where small open economies face a problem of international illiquidity during the crisis episodes , associated with the collapse of the financial system .
Due to the inherent structure of the banking system , banks transform maturity from liquid deposits to illiquid assets , which creates vulnerability to bank runs . Even in situations where banks might be solvent , in the short run bank runs create an illiquidity problem , where banks would need to borrow funds to meet the temporary deposit withdrawals . However , under this situation , it might be harder to obtain foreign funds , as foreign creditors may also panic depending on the degree of commitment to repay international debts . Moreover , the higher the level of short term debt the higher the exposure to illiquidity problems . This model are particularly related to the situation in emerging markets , because of the larger role of banks compared to other financial institutions in these economies and because it is more difficult for them to get emergency funds from world markets during crisis periods .
An alternative explanation of sudden stops focuses on the interaction of temporary and permanent technology shocks , where highly volatile trend shocks in emerging market economies are closely related to sudden stop episodes . Emerging markets are characterized by frequent regime switches related to changes in fiscal , monetary and trade policies , which reflect in more volatile shocks to the trend . The sharp effects of sudden stop episodes are not only related to the large magnitude of the shock , but also to the fact that there is a negative productivity shock with a change in trend .
In order to study sudden stop episodes , using data from the 1994 economic crisis in Mexico , this model decomposes it to obtain a representation of transitory and permanent technology shocks . The results show that including permanent technology shocks is able to produce the behavior observed during a sudden stop episode . The model predicts a large contraction in output , consumption and investment , as well as a sharp current account reversal .
Empirical issues
Empirical studies mention a group of indicators that may be related to sudden stops . The composition of capital inflows , with a higher proportion of short term financing may be more risky as they generate larger slowdowns in capital inflows . The time profile of maturity debt is important in assessing the potential for sudden reversals in capital flows . The shorter the maturity of a country 's debt , the more prone it is for a sudden stop crises .
Emerging markets
Some empirical studies focus on the interaction between sudden stops and financial crises in emerging market economies . Using a sample of emerging market countries with large capital inflows from Latin America , Asia and Europe , they compare the severity of the sudden stop episodes associated with currency crises and banking crises . The severity of sudden stop episodes in emerging market economies are compared using indicators such as the real depreciation of the currency and indicators of currency and banking crises . Results suggest that currency and banking crises in Asia in 1995-1997 were more severe than the sharpest crises in Latin America , in terms of banking bailout costs and the size of capital account reversal . Also , emerging economies are more exposed to suffer this type of crisis as well as current-account reversals .
Another topic of study is the impact of sudden stops on output . Sudden stops can be accompanied by a currency crisis and/or a banking crisis . Empirical studies show that the effects of a banking crisis are more pernicious than the effects of a currency crisis , due to the additional effect of the credit channel on output . Lower asset prices are a persistent fact after a banking crisis , which indicate a low value of collaterals to loans , and therefore , negatively impact the banking sector and the supply of loans .
Regarding exports , currency crises show a faster recovery in the export sector , while exports remain low for an average of two years after banking crises . Banking crises also present a sharper recession , consistent with the disruption of the financial sector . There is a distinguishable boom–bust cycle , as unsustainable massive capital inflows that precede a sudden stop episode sharply increase economic activity .
Emerging markets and advanced economies
Other studies focus on the relationship between current account reversals and sudden stops in both emerging markets and advanced economies . Using cross-country data for a sample of 157 countries during the 1970-2001 period , the results indicate that 46.1 % of countries that suffered a sudden stop also faced a current account reversal , while 22.9 % of countries that faced current account reversals also faced a sudden stop episode . The less-than-one relationship could be related to an effective use of international reserves to offset capital outflows during sudden stops , while during current account reversals , there are some countries that were not receiving large capital inflows , so their deficits were financed through a loss of international reserves .
A comparison of the stylized facts observed during sudden stop episodes in emerging market economies and developed countries on the financial crises of the 1990s relate sudden stops in emerging market and advanced economies with the presence of contagion effects . Most sudden stop episodes for emerging markets occur around the Tequila ( 1994 ) , East Asian ( 1997 ) and Russian ( 1998 ) crises . In the case of developed economies , sudden stop episodes occur around the European Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM ) ( 1992–1993 ) crisis .
Policy measures
Regarding policy measures adopted during sudden stop episodes , the massive slowdown in capital inflows , usually presented as large capital outflows , can be counteracted by exchange rate devaluation , loss of international reserves and/or increases in real interest rates . The nominal exchange rate behavior during most sudden stop episodes show that sudden stops in emerging markets are followed by a devaluation of the domestic currency , while most depreciation episodes in developed countries are not related to sudden stop phases . Real interest rates sharply increase during sudden stop episodes , especially in the case of emerging market economies . A sharp loss of international reserves is also observed during sudden stop episodes , both in developed countries and emerging markets . The current account balance shows a sharp reduction in current account deficits , with a significantly higher increase in the current account balance in emerging markets .
See also
Balance of payments
Bank run
Capital flight
Currency crisis
Domestic liability dollarization
Financial crisis
Sovereign default
References
Business cycle
Development economics
National accounts
Dhives Akuru or Divehi Akuru ( island letters ) is a script formerly used to write the Maldivian language . This script was called Dives Akuru by H. C. P. Bell who studied Maldive epigraphy when they retired from the British government service in Colombo and wrote an extensive monograph on the archaeology , history and epigraphy of the Maldive islands .
History
The Dhives Akuru developed from the Grantha script . The early form of this script was Dīvī Grantha , which Bell called Evēla Akuru ( ancient letters ) to distinguish it from the more recent variants of the same script . The ancient form ( Evẽla ) can be seen in the loamaafaanu ( copper plates ) of the 12th and 13th centuries and in inscriptions on coral stone ( hirigaa ) dating back to the Maldive Buddhist period .
Like Sinhala script and most of the native scripts of India ( but not Thaana ) , Dhives Akuru descended ultimately from the Brahmi script and thus was written from left to right .
Dhives Akuru was still used in some atolls in the South Maldives as the main script around 70 years ago . Since then its use has been limited to scholars and hobbyists . It can still be found on gravestones and some monuments , including the stone base of the pillars supporting the main structure of the ancient Friday mosque in Malé . Bell obtained an astrology book written in Dhives Akuru in Addu Atoll , in the south of the Maldives , during one of their trips . This book is now kept in the National Archives of Sri Lanka in Colombo .
Bodufenvalhuge Sidi , an eminent Maldivian scholar , wrote a book called Divehi Akuru in 1959 , prompted by then Prime Minister Ibrahim Nasir , in order to clarify Bell 's errors . However , Maldivian cultural associations have not paid much attention to Sidi 's work and keep perpetuating those errors .
Unicode
The Dhives Akuru script was added to Unicode version 13.0 in March 2020 , with 72 characters located in the Dives Akuru block ( U+11900–U+1195F ) :
References
Bell , H.C.P . Excerpta Maldiviana . Reprint 1922-1935 edn . New Delhi 1998 .
Bell , H.C.P . The Maldive islands . Monograph on the History , Archaeology and Epigraphy . Reprint 1940 edn . Male ' 1986 .
Bodufenvahuge Sidi . Divehi Akuru ; Evvana Bai . Male ' 1958 .
Divehi Bahuge Qawaaaid . Vols 1 to 5 . Ministry of Education . Male ' 1978 .
Divehīnge Tarika . Divehīnge Bas . Divehibahāi Tārikhah Khidumaykurā Qaumī Majlis . Male ' 2000 .
Geiger , Wilhelm . Maldivian Linguistic Studies . Reprint 1919 edn . Novelty Press . Male ' 1986 .
Gunasena , Bandusekara . The Evolution of the Sinhalese Script . Godage Poth Mendura . Colombo 1999 .
Romero-Frias , Xavier . The Maldive Islanders , A Study of the Popular Culture of an Ancient Ocean Kingdom . Barcelona 1999 .
Sivaramamurti , C. Indian Epigraphy and South Indian Scripts . Bulletin of the Madras Government Museum . Chennai 1999 .
السّيّد ބޮޑު ފެންވަޅުގޭ ސީދީ . `` ދިވެހި އަކުރު -- އެއްވަނަ ބައި . '' ( Assidi Bodu Fenvalhugey Seedee . Dhivehi akuru—e ` vana ba ` i = Dhivehi akuru—volume one ) . Primary title ( not standardized by Unicode )
Footnotes
See also
Maldivian language
Sinhala script
Thaana script
History of the Maldives
Maldivian scripts
Obsolete writing systems
Clarke County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 9,748 . The county seat is Osceola . The county was formed in January 1846 , one of twelve counties established by legislative action in a comprehensive act . It was named for James Clarke , a Governor of the Iowa Territory .
History
The first courthouse for Clarke County was a wood frame two–story structure in Osceola . In 1883 it was replaced with a brick structure on former park area in the town square . By the 1950s this building was insufficient , and the present modern structure was completed in 1956 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2018 .
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.1 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Decatur County ( south )
Lucas County ( east )
Madison County ( northwest )
Union County ( west )
Warren County ( northeast )
Highways
Interstate 35 - runs north–south through central Clarke County , passing Osceola
U.S. Highway 34 - runs east–west through central Clarke County , passing Osceola
U.S. Highway 69 - enters northeastern Clarke County , runs southwest to Osceola , then south to south line of county
Communities
Cities
Murray
Osceola
Weldon
Woodburn
Unincorporated communities
Hopeville
Jamison
Lacelle
Liberty
Ottawa
Smyrna
Townships
Doyle
Franklin
Fremont
Green Bay
Jackson
Knox
Liberty
Madison
Osceola
Troy
Ward
Washington
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 9,748 in the county , with a population density of . 93.18 % of the population reported being of one race . There were 4,268 housing units of which 3,871 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 9,286 in the county , with a population density of . There were 4,086 housing units , of which 3,701 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 9,133 people , 3,584 households , and 2,498 families residing in the county . The population density was 21 people per square mile ( 8/km2 ) . There were 3,934 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile ( 4/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 96.64 % White , 0.11 % Black or African American , 0.33 % Native American , 0.35 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 1.96 % from other races , and 0.58 % from two or more races . 4.04 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 3,584 households , out of which 32.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.80 % were married couples living together , 8.30 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.30 % were non-families . 25.90 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.01 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 26.30 % under the age of 18 , 7.60 % from 18 to 24 , 26.50 % from 25 to 44 , 22.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 17.10 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 39 years . For every 100 females there were 97.00 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 94.00 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 34,474 , and the median income for a family was $ 42,171 . Males had a median income of $ 29,648 versus $ 20,522 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,409 . About 6.20 % of families and 8.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 12.10 % of those under age 18 and 7.70 % of those age 65 or over .
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Clarke County .
† county seat
Politics
Prior to 1988 , Clarke County was a Republican-leaning swing county , only failing to back the national winner four times between 1896 & 1984 . The county was reliably Democratic from 1988 to 2012 , but made a 29.5 point swing to back Donald Trump in 2016 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clarke County , Iowa
Clarke County website
References
1846 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1846
This is a list of all personnel changes that occurred during the 2016 Women 's National Basketball League ( WNBL ) off-season and 2016–17 WNBL season .
Incoming Player Movement
Re-signings
Internal signings
New signings
Outgoing Player Movement
Retirement
Going overseas
Coaching changes
References
2016–17 WNBL season
Women 's National Basketball League lists
The legal code was a common feature of the legal systems of the ancient Middle East . Many of them are examples of cuneiform law . The Sumerian Code of Ur-Nammu ( c. 2100–2050 BCE ) , then the Babylonian Code of Hammurabi ( c. 1760 BCE ) , are amongst the earliest originating in the Fertile Crescent . In the Roman empire , a number of codifications were developed , such as the Twelve Tables of Roman law ( first compiled in 450 BCE ) and the Corpus Juris Civilis of Justinian , also known as the Justinian Code ( 429–534 CE ) . In ancient China , the first comprehensive criminal code was the Tang Code , created in 624 CE in the Tang Dynasty . In India , the Edicts of Ashoka ( 269–236 BCE ) were followed by the Law of Manu ( 200 BCE ) .
The following is a list of ancient legal codes in chronological order :
Code of Urukagina ( 2380–2360 BCE )
Code of Ur-Nammu , king of Ur ( c. 2050 BCE ) . Copies with slight variations found in Nippur , Sippar and Ur
Laws of Eshnunna ( c. 1930 BCE )
Codex of Lipit-Ishtar of Isin ( c. 1870 BCE )
Babylonian law
Code of Hammurabi ( c. 1750 BCE in middle chronology )
Hittite laws , also known as the 'Code of the Nesilim ' ( developed c. 1650–1500 BCE , in effect until c. 1100 BCE )
Law of Moses / Torah ( 10th–6th century BCE )
Halakha ( Jewish religious law , including biblical law and later talmudic and rabbinic law , as well as customs and traditions )
Assyrian law , also known as the Middle Assyrian Laws ( MAL ) or the Code of the Assyrians/Assura ( developed c. 1450–1250 BCE , the oldest extant copy c. 1075 BCE )
Draconian constitution ( late 7th century BCE )
Solonian Constitution ( early 6th century BCE )
Gortyn code ( 5th century BCE )
Twelve Tables of Roman Law ( 451 BCE )
Edicts of Ashoka of Buddhist Law ( 269–236 BCE )
Law of Manu ( c. 200 BCE )
Tirukkural , Ancient Tamil laws and ethics compiled by Thiruvalluvar ( 31 BCE–500 CE )
Corpus Juris Civilis ( compiled 529–534 CE )
Code of Justinian
Digest or Pandects
Institutes of Justinian
Novellae Constitutiones
Sharia or Islamic Law ( c. 570 ; Hanafi fiqh was not codified until the Ottoman Mecelle of the 1870s , the other schools were even later )
Traditional Chinese law
Tang Code ( 624 to 637 )
Visigothic Code ( 642–653 CE
Gentoo Code ( origins unknown ; translated from Sankskrit into Persian , English , German and French in 1776–1778 )
Early Irish law or Brehon Law ( 8th century CE )
See also
Legal culture
References
Legal codes
Legal codes
Law in ancient history
Law-related lists
Access to public information and freedom of information ( FOI ) refer to the right to access information held by public bodies also known as `` right to know '' . Access to public information is considered of fundamental importance for the effective functioning of democratic systems , as it enhances governments ' and public officials ' accountability , boosting people participation and allowing their informed participation into public life . The fundamental premise of the right to access public information is that the information held by governmental institutions is in principle public and may be concealed only on the basis of legitimate reasons which should be detailed in the law .
Freedom of Information ( FOI ) in Georgia is regulated by chapter 3 of the General Administrative code of Georgia , which is in force since 1999 . Despite the fact that the ensuring legal framework on freedom of information contains sound provisions , in view of the existing international standards and practices , as well as existing practices in Georgia , the act is considered outdated In 2013 the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) Anti-Corruption Network noted that Georgia 's FOI provisions would benefit from a comprehensive and wide revisions .
In recent years , Georgian civil society organisations have advocated for improvements of the law , and the Government took obligation to elaborate a new law on freedom of information . The adoption of new Freedom of Information law is one of the Georgian Government 's commitments in the framework of its annual action plan for the implementation of the Association Agreement between the EU and Georgia signed in 2014 .
Legal framework
The existing law states that all public information is open except for the cases established by the law and the information covered by privacy rights or commercial secret . In Georgia , anyone is entitled to request public information . The applicants do not have to specify the reasons for their request . An applicant has the option to be allowed to view the original of the information required or to ask for a copy . Requests for information should be made in writing , including via electronic means . Fees for the provision of public information are expressly prohibited by the law , except for covering the actual costs for producing copies .
Public institutions are obliged to provide the requested information immediately or not later than within 10 working days of the application . Applicants must be notified of the refusal to disclose information immediately and must be given , within 3 days of the refusal , a written explanation of the reason for denial and with information on the appeals procedures . In the appeal procedures , aiming at challenging the denial decision of a public institution , the burden of the proof lies with the public institutions .
The Georgian law also establishes that public bodies have to proactively publish information , that is without the need of sending a request , according to the rules set forth in secondary legislation , namely in the amendment made to the General Administrative Code of Georgia in 2012 on proactive disclosure and electronic request of public information .
Public institutions are obliged to report annually to Parliament , the President and the Prime Minister on their compliance with access to information law and provide updated statistics and data .
One of the most important novelties of the draft elaborated by civil society and experts is the establishment of the office of the Information Commissioner , a new institution with the mandate of monitoring the application of the law , revealing cases of misconduct and taking action to protect the right to public information . This would address one of the major gaps in existing legislation , i.e . the lack of a designed central body with the power to oversee the compliance of public institutions with existing regulations . Another shortcoming of the current legal framework concerns the lack of a sanctions system in cases of non-compliance . Also , the exceptions for non-disclosure are ambiguous and not clearly defined in the law which does not cover state-owned enterprises .
The shortcomings of the law have resulted in an uneven application of the right to access to information in practice . In this process , the judiciary has not proven to be an effective means of dealing with the refusals of some public institutions to push them to disclose the required information .
Access to information in practice
Access to information law is poorly enforced in Georgia and its application remains a problem . A local NGO , the Institute for Development of Freedom of Information ( IDFI ) , has conducted a comprehensive analysis assessing the implementation of the law and the compliance of public institutions to it , carrying out a series of large-scale FOI tests between 2010-2015 .
The IDFI study shows that in the period monitored , 24 % of the request filed by the organisation remained unanswered . A complete answer was received in 64 % of cases and an incomplete one in 10 % , while the refusal to provide the information required occurred in 2 % of the cases . In terms of annual evaluation , the overall response rate was the worst in 2010-11 , while it improved significantly in 2012-13 - as a result of the 2012 parliamentary elections - but started to deteriorate again in 2014 . Over time , the rate of provision of the requested information within the deadline established by the law improved significantly , ranging from 22 % of 2010 to 75 % of 2015 . The assessment also found out great variations between public agencies with regard to their compliance with the law : for instance , some ministers recorded a 100 % response rate , others provided a complete answer in less than 50 % of the cases , while the lowest score concerned the Ministry of Economy and Sustainable Development with a mere 10 % in the rating .
See also
Access to public information in Europe
Freedom of information
Freedom of information laws by country
Transparency of media ownership in Europe
Media of Georgia
Transparency of media ownership in Georgia
References
Rights
Freedom of speech
Human rights by issue
Human rights in Georgia ( country )
The North Carolina Department of Information Technology was established in 2015 and authorized by North Carolina General Statute 143B , Paragraph 143B-1320 . It replaced and succeeded the state 's Office of Information Technology . The department provides technology services to North Carolina state agencies and related customers .
Secretaries
The department is headed by a Secretary/Chief Information Officer :
Chris Estes , 2012-2015
Keith Warner , 2015-2017
Eric Boyette , 2017-2020
Tracey Doaks , 2020-2020
Thomas Parrish IV ( acting ) , 2020-2021
James Weaver , 2021-Present
References
Government of North Carolina
Information Technology
2015 establishments in North Carolina
Organizations based in Raleigh , North Carolina
Yamauchi Chiyo ( 山内千代 ) or Kenshōin ( 見性院 , 1557 – 1617 ) was a Japanese noble lady from the Sengoku period to the early of the Edo period . Known in history for their dedication and devotion to their family , they were vitally important to the success of the Yamauchi clan , a samurai clan under the leadership of their husband , Yamauchi Kazutoyo . It is said that they were responsible for stabilizing the predominance of the Yamauchi clan , and the formation of the Tosa domain .
They were the daughter of Endo Morikazu , lord of Gujo-Hachiman castle . Them personal name is thought to have been Chiyo or Matsu , but there is no certainty . Becoming a Buddhist nun , they took the religious name of Kenshôin .
Life
Chiyo was the daughter of Endo Morikazu of Gujo-Hachiman castle , a retainer of Azai clan . When their lord , Azai Nagamasa , married Oichi ( sister of Oda Nobunaga ) , the Azai and the Oda clan entered into a political alliance . Because of this alliance , they married Yamauchi Katzutoyo , a minor samurai who served Oda Nobunaga . At that time , marriages between samurai families were only of a political nature .
When Chiyo married , their mother gave them a large sum of money - for `` a matter of great importance '' . When Katzutoyo first left for war , they used to go to battle on foot or with an ordinary horse because they were in an inferior position in Oda 's army . So Chiyo tried on their own to get a promotion for Katzutoyo , they gathered their fortune and traveled in search of a good horse . In times of war , it was rare to get a horse trained for battle due to intense demand . Chiyo spent their entire fortune on an extraordinary warhorse called Kagami Kurige . They did this right before a formal inspection of the troops by their overlord , Nobunaga .
The investment was extremely worthwhile , because by using the horse Kazutoyo distinguished themselves in battle . The horse won the admiration of Nobunaga , the most powerful warlord in Japan at the time . This led to the promotion of Kazutoyo and the growth of the Yamauchi clan 's fortune . After these events , they continued to actively act for the growth and stabilization of their clan . They witnessed several important events of their time , The Murder of Oda Nobunaga in the Honnoji Incident , the execution of Akechi Mitsuhide at the Battle of Yamazaki and the rise of Toyotomi Hideyoshi .
After Toyotomi Hideyoshi died , Japan entered a period of war again . Later , prior to the Battle of Sekigahara ( 1600 ) , while Chiyo was held a political hostage by Ishida Mitsunari of Western army , they sent secret letters with important information to the Tokugawa Ieyasu 's Eastern Army . Chiyo was forced to support Mitsunari while Kazutoyo was beside Ieyasu . They were taken hostage to force Kazutoyo to join the Western army , which is why Ieyasu suspected Yamauchi 's loyalty .
Although Chiyo was supervised by Ishida Mitsunari , they continued to send secret letters with important information , letting the Tokugawa 's supporters know Mitsunari 's raising of troops right before the Battle of Sekigahara . When sending letters to the Eastern army , they sent a letter to their husband saying , `` Do n't worry about me , do what you have to do . '' Furthermore , they never allowed their husband to open the letter , they just asked them to hand it over to Ieyasu and show their loyalty . Thanks to Chiyo 's sagacity , Kazutoyo won Ieyasu 's credibility . The Yamauchi clan would be richly rewarded after the battle , when Ieyasu awarded Kazutoyo with Tosa Domain . It is often said that the foundation of Tosa domain was due to Chiyo 's heroic actions . Kazutoyo exalted their wife by saying , `` If it were n't for Chiyo , I would have never been able to make my name known in this country . ''
Yamauchi Kazutoyo never took a concubine , though it was a known tradition for samurai , and they never left Chiyo although they were only able to have one child , a girl named Yonehime . Chiyo survived the entire Sengoku period , dying in 1617 , two years after the Siege of Osaka .
Legacy
Chiyo and Kazutoyo are one of the most celebrated samurai couples in Japan . Their loyalty and their determination to survive the period of war have eternalized the couple in history . Due to their virtuous character , Chiyo was honored in paintings , poems and popular culture .
Reproductions of Chiyo 's image can be found in a number of places ; a bronze statue of them and the horse they gave their husband , which stands near the ascent to Kochi Castle , close a statue of their husband on horseback and full armor ; a bronze status of her , holding the reins of the horse , and their husband , located in the park below Gujo Hachiman castle in Gifu Prefecture ; and a portrait of them in retirement , wearing the garb of a Bhikkhuni . There a shrine dedicated to Chiyo and Kazutoyo for strong marriage .
In drama
The 45th NHK Taiga drama ( 2006 ) is a dramatization of the life of Chiyo and Kazutoyo as the central character . Kōmyō-ga-tsuji : Yamauchi Kazutoyo no Tsuma stars Nakama Yukie as Chiyo . The story tells how Yamauchi Chiyo , as a wise and beautiful wife , helped their husband Yamauchi Kazutoyo up from an ordinary samurai to the governor of an entire province , Tosa . The story is by Shiba Ryōtarō
Family
Father : Endo Morikazu
Husband : Yamauchi Kazutoyo
Daughter : Yonehime ( 1580-1586 )
Adopted :
Shonan Shoka ( 1586-1637 )
Yamauchi Tadayoshi ( 1592-1665 )
References
16th-century Japanese women
17th-century Japanese women
Samurai
16th-century Japanese people
People of Muromachi-period Japan
People of Azuchi–Momoyama-period Japan
People of Edo-period Japan
17th-century Japanese people
Japanese Buddhist clergy
Deified Japanese people
1617 deaths
1557 births
The unique homomorphic extension theorem is a result in mathematical logic which formalizes the intuition that the truth or falsity of a statement can be deduced from the truth values of its parts .
The lemma
Let A be a non-empty set , X a subset of A , F a set of functions in A , and the inductive closure of X under F .
Let be B any non-empty set and let G be the set of functions on B , such that there is a function in G that maps with each function f of arity n in F the following function in G ( G can not be a bijection ) .
From this lemma we can now build the concept of unique homomorphic extension .
The theorem
If is a free set generated by X and F , for each function there is a single function such that :
For each function f of arity n > 0 , for each
Consequence
The identities seen in ( 1 ) e ( 2 ) show that is an homomorphism , specifically named the unique homomorphic extension of . To prove the theorem , two requirements must be met : to prove that the extension ( ) exists and is unique ( assuring the lack of bijections ) .
Proof of the theorem
We must define a sequence of functions inductively , satisfying conditions ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) restricted to . For this , we define , and given then shall have the following graph :
First we must be certain the graph actually has functionality , since is a free set , from the lemma we have when , so we only have to determine the functionality for the left side of the union . Knowing that the elements of G are functions ( again , as defined by the lemma ) , the only instance where and for some is possible is if we have for some and for some generators and in .
Since and are disjoint when this implies and . Being all in , we must have .
Then we have with , displaying functionality .
Before moving further we must make use of a new lemma that determines the rules for partial functions , it may be written as :
( 3 ) Be a sequence of partial functions such that . Then , is a partial function .
Using ( 3 ) , is a partial function . Since then is total in .
Furthermore , it is clear from the definition of that satisfies ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) . To prove the uniqueness of , or any other function that satisfies ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , it is enough to use a simple induction that shows and work for , and such is proved the Theorem of the Unique Homomorphic Extension .
Example of a particular case
We can use the theorem of unique homomorphic extension for calculating numeric expressions over whole numbers . First , we must define the following :
where
Be
Be they inductive closure of under and be
Be
Then will be a function that calculates recursively the truth-value of a proposition , and in a way , will be an extension of the function that associates a truth-value to each atomic proposition , such that :
( 1 )
( 2 ) ( Negation )
( AND Operator )
( OR Operator )
( IF-THEN Operator )
References
Theorems in analysis
Men 's Downhill World Cup 1993/1994
Final point standings
In Men 's Downhill World Cup 1993/94 all results count . Marc Girardelli won the cup without winning a single competition .
References
fis-ski.com
External links
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup men 's downhill discipline titles
The naval rank of First Master Chief Petty Officer in the Armed Forces of the Philippines has been passed in a bill filed by Senator Rodolfo Biazon back in July 2004 . It is expected that President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo will sign it very soon , enabling the rank to be created . The equivalent rank in the Philippine Army will be first chief master sergeant .
Rank 's aim
According to Senate Bill Number 1286 , the creation of the rank of first master chief petty officer aims to professionalize the Armed Forces of the Philippines , especially in allowing its sailors to choose a better career while serving in the navy . The ranks are to be considered as non-commissioned officer ranks .
See also
First chief master sergeant
Sources and notes
External links
Philippine Senate bill of 13th Congress with explanation
Military ranks of the Philippines
Rosella was launched in Newcastle upon Tyne in 1825 and was wrecked on 7 December 1825 .
They first appeared in the Register of Shipping ( RS ) for 1826 with T.Hall , master , Noble , owner , and trade Newcastle . According to the Sound Toll Register the name of Rosellas masters was Robert Hall .
Rosella sailed for the Baltic and was reported to have been arrived at Dantzig on 17 October from Copenhagen . They may have left and returned because on 1 December they brought to Danzig the crew of , Wilkinson , master , of and for Chepstow , from Memel . Severns crew had abandoned them on 28 November after they had become waterlogged ; one man had been lost .
On 7 December Roselle , Robert Hall , master , was driven ashore and wrecked on Bornholm , Denmark . Rosella was on the return leg of their maiden voyage , from Danzig to Newcastle upon Tyne . LL reported on 3 January 1826 that the crew and materials had been saved . Furthermore , part of the cargo was expected to be saved .
In late 1825 or early 1826 , , Armstrong , master rescued part of Rosellas crew and the members ofSeverns crew aboard Rosella . Emperor Alexander had great difficulty rescuing the crews , having to use ropes to haul them individually to shore over the rocks . They rescued eight members of Rosellas crew ; the other 12 chose to remain on Bornholm to take care of the wreck and to await another vessel that might bring them home . Off Flamborough Head , Emperor Alexander encountered the brig Henry and William , of Aberdeen , Allan , master and transferred the rescued men to them Henry and William delivered them to Aberdeen on 17 January 1826 .
Citations
1825 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Maritime incidents in December 1825
Hans Billian ( born Hans Joachim Hubert Backe , 15 April 1918 in Breslau ( today , Wrocław , Poland ) – 18 December 2007 in Gräfelfing , Bavaria ) was a German film director , screenwriter , and actor noted for the `` sex comedies '' they directed in the 1970s . They were also credited as Hans Billan , Phillip Halliday , and Christian Kessler .
Early career
Billian originally wanted to become an opera singer but due to the deterioration of their voice during their nine years in military service they had to abandon this plan . After World War II , they settled in West Germany and started to work as an actor at theatres in Hamburg and Wolfenbüttel . They later began to work also as a director 's assistant .
In 1950 , they started to work for various German film producers . Especially , their work for Constantin-Film proved to be successful until 1961 when they left this company to work as a freelance screenwriter and director . Until the late 1960s , they wrote films or directed films that fell under the category Heimatfilm , such as Ich kauf ' mir lieber einen Tirolerhut in 1965 . In the late 1960s and early 1970s , they directed softcore sex comedies , like Pudelnackt in Oberbayern ( 1969 ) ( a Bavarian sex comedy pioneer ) , Die Jungfrauen von Bumshausen ( Run , Virgin , Run ) ( 1970 ) , and Das Mädchen mit der heißen Masche ( Loves of a French Pussycat ) ( 1972 ) ( starring Sybil Danning ) .
Pornographic films
In 1973 , Billian directed hardcore short-length loops for the Swedish company Venus Film . When the ban on hardcore pornography was lifted in Germany , they started to direct numerous short-length hardcore films there . In 1975 , they directed the first German full-length hardcore feature film , Bienenstich im Liebesnest ( soft version known as Im Gasthaus zum scharfen Hirschen , also known as Zimmermädchen machen es gern ) . In 1976 , they directed Josefine Mutzenbacher ... wie sie wirklich war ? 1 . Teil ( Sensational Janine ) about the early life of Viennese courtesan Josephine Mutzenbacher . The film that had the title role played by Patricia Rhomberg who also had an intimate relationship with Billian was their greatest success . During this period , Billian continued to shoot loops , a number of which attracted particular attention such as Massagesalon Elvira that featured Anne Magle , the Danish porn sensation of the '70s .
Josefine Mutzenbacher ... wie sie wirklich war ? 1 . Teil was conceived by Billian as the first part of a Josefine Mutzenbacher series but when the producer Gunter Otto of Herzog refused to finance a second part , Billian took the money from the production company Starlight and directed Die Beichte der Josefine Mutzenbacher ( Josephine ) in 1979 . However , Otto who held the rights for the title released Josefine Mutzenbacher ... wie sie wirklich war ? 2 . Teil ( Professional Janine ) in 1980 . Both films were unable to reach the success of the 1976 film , particularly due to absence of Rhomberg and lack of continuity with the first film . In 1981 ( Aus dem Tagebuch der Josefine Mutzenbacher ) , 1987 ( Die Liebesschule der Josefine Mutzenbacher ) & 1991 Billian directed three further Josefine Mutzenbacher titles . Gunter Otto made consecutive Josefine movies ( Josefine Mutzenbacher – Wie sie wirklich war : 3,4,5,6 . Teil ) from 1982 to 1984 .
In the 1990s , they directed porn videos , especially for the producer Tabu of Bochum , but these videos fell far from the quality of their work in the 1970s .
Selected filmography
Nora 's Ark ( 1948 )
The Merry Wives of Tyrol ( 1964 )
Holiday in St. Tropez ( 1964 )
Come to the Blue Adriatic ( 1966 )
References
External links
Interview with Hans Billian Interview from 1996 ( in German )
1918 births
2007 deaths
German pornographic film directors
German pornographic film producers
People from the Province of Silesia
Film people from Wrocław
Šaltinis ( literally : stream , source ) was a Lithuanian-language weekly newspaper published in Sejny , then part of Congress Poland . It was an illustrated Catholic publication supported by the Lithuanian clergy and the professors and clerics at the Sejny Priest Seminary . The content focused on news , practical advice , and educational articles . It was the most popular Lithuanian periodical with circulation reaching 15,000 copies in 1914 . The weekly supplement , Šaltinėlis , became the first Lithuanian periodical dedicated to children .
First published in March 1906 , the paper was discontinued in August 1915 due to World War I . It was resurrected twice : in 1926–1940 in Marijampolė and in 1961–1998 in Nottingham ( United Kingdom ) and Panevėžys .
History
When the Lithuanian press ban was lifted in 1904 , Kazimieras Prapuolenis petitioned the Tsarist government for a permit to publish Šaltinis . They initially wanted to publish the periodical in Vilnius , but eventually settled in Sejny . It was the seat of the Diocese of Sejny and had the Sejny Priest Seminary , a center of Lithuanian culture , but the town did not have a printing press . Priests from the Dioceses of Sejny and Vilnius raised 20,000 rubles to establish the printing press Laukaitis , Dvaranauskas , Narijauskas ir Bendrovė and invite workers from Warsaw . In addition to Šaltinis , the printing press published several other periodicals and 257 books , mostly in Lithuanian but also in Polish , Latin , and Esperanto . The printing press was evacuated to Russia during World War I .
Šaltinis was first published in March 1906 and from 1907 became the main periodical of the Lithuanian Christian Democratic Party . Its name was taken from a title of a popular prayer book . It was published weekly and had 16 pages with its yellow covers being used for announcements and ads . It was aimed at the general public ( farmers , villagers ) and published news from Lithuania , Russia , and the world , educational articles on agriculture , education , culture , Lithuanian language as well as works of fiction . Initially , it had a one-page section dedicated to religion , but it was discontinued by 1909 . The newspaper published several supplements , including Šaltinėlis ( little stream ) for children , Vainikėlis ( little wreath ) for youth , Artojas ( plowman ) for farmers . Šaltinėlis , published from the second issue of Šaltinis , became the first Lithuanian periodical dedicated to children . It was a four-page weekly supplement that published fairy tales , poems , puzzles , tasks and games . It was an independent publication in 1911–1914 .
Because there were no local Lithuanian-speaking censors , Russian censors received already published newspaper . Therefore , four times ( all under editor Juozas Vailokaitis ) the newspaper was subject to sanctions . In February 1908 , Šaltinis published news about a rumored assassination plot against the Tsar . In August 1909 , the newspaper published a complaint that Russian tax officials assessed unfair taxes on cooperatives when compared to regular shops . Both times Vailokaitis was fined ( 100 and 75 rubles , respectively ) or could choose one-month prison sentence . The third case was brought regarding an article criticizing land sales by the government to immigrant Russians which was prepared based on a speech of Andrius Bulota to the Russian State Duma . In court , Bulota personally defended Vailokaitis but they were still sentenced to three months in prison . The fourth case concerned a short story which depicted brutality of Russian police officers and prison wardens . Vailokaitis had to pay a fine of 150 rubles and spend four months in a monastery in Łomża .
The newspaper competed with other Lithuanian periodicals , primarily Lietuvos ūkininkas , by lowering prices and organizing a lottery for its readers . In fall 1907 , Šaltinis organized a lottery in which every subscriber was eligible to participate . The prizes were books , clocks , and large portraits of Pope Pius X . In December 1907 , Šaltinis published 50,000 copies of its issues ( up from 2,000 copies in 1906 ) . Such a big jump in circulation was temporary , but the number of subscribers tripled . It became the most popular Lithuanian newspaper of the time with circulation reaching 15,000 copies around 1914 . Its authors and contributors included Juozas Balčikonis , Mečislovas Davainis-Silvestraitis , Mykolas Krupavičius , Marija Pečkauskaitė ( Šatrijos Ragana ) , Justinas Bonaventūra Pranaitis , Sofija Pšibiliauskienė ( Lazdynų Pelėda ) , Jonas Totoraitis , Justinas Staugaitis . In total , Šaltinis published texts by 215 authors in 1906 , 380 authors in 380 , 424 authors in 1908 , 533 authors in 1909 , 546 authors in 1910 . In early 1915 , due to World War I , the newspaper relocated to Vilnius where issues 7 to 33 were published .
Later resurrections
The newspaper was resurrected in 1926 in Marijampolė by the Congregation of Marian Fathers of the Immaculate Conception . It also resurrected the historical supplements Šaltinėlis and Artojas . Its circulation was 6,000 copies in 1933 . The newspaper was discontinued after the Soviet occupation of Lithuania in June 1940 . The newspaper was reestablished in Nottingham by priest Steponas Matulis in 1961 . After Lithuania regained independence in 1990 , the newspaper relocated to Panevėžys in 1993 where it was published until 1998 . Its circulation in 1993 was 1,000 copies .
Editors
The editors of Šaltinis were :
Kazimieras Prapuolenis : 1906 vol . 1–3
Juozas Laukaitis : 1906 vol . 4 – 1907 vol . 22
Juozas Vailokaitis : 1907 vol . 23 – 1910 vol . 37
Antanas Civinskas : 1910 vol . 38 – 1912 vol . 22
Bronius Stosiūnas : 1912 vol . 23 – 1915 vol . 33
References
External links
Full-text archive of Šaltinis
Full-text archive of Šaltinėlis
1906 establishments in Poland
Newspapers established in 1906
Publications disestablished in 1915
Lithuanian-language newspapers
Catholic newspapers
1915 disestablishments in Poland
Trefor may refer to :
People
Trefor Evans ( born 1947 ) , former Wales international rugby union player
Trefor Jenkins ( born 1932 ) , Welsh-born South African human geneticist
Trefor Richard Morgan ( 1914–1970 ) , Welsh nationalist activist and business person
Trefor Morris ( born 1934 ) , Chief Inspector of Constabulary for England , Wales and Northern Ireland from 1993 to 1996
Trefor Owen ( 1933–2001 ) , Welsh amateur footballer
Trefor Proud ( ) , make-up artist in film and television
Trefor Pugh ( ) , former New Zealand international footballer
Dafydd Trefor ( died 1528 ? ) , Welsh cleric and bard
John Trefor , British television director and producer
John Trevor ( died 1357 ) , Ieuan Trefor in Welsh , first bishop of St Asaph , Wales
John Trevor ( died 1410 ) , Ieuan Trefor in Welsh , Bishop of St Asaph , Wales , and Anti-Bishop of St Andrews in Scotland
Places in Wales
Trefor , Anglesey , a hamlet
Trefor , Gwynedd , a village
Trevor , Wrexham , a village called Trefor in Welsh
See also
Trevor ( disambiguation )
Welsh masculine given names
The large-headed flatbill ( Ramphotrigon megacephalum ) , also known as the bamboo flatbill , is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae .
It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Paraguay , Peru , and Venezuela .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
large-headed flatbill
Birds of South America
large-headed flatbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Marshalls Creek is a tributary of the Brodhead Creek in the Poconos of eastern Pennsylvania in the United States .
Marshalls Creek was named after Edward Marshall , a pioneer citizen . Variant names were `` Marshall Creek '' and `` Marshall 's Creek '' .
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Rivers of Monroe County , Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Brodhead Creek
Sayyed Ajami ( سيد عجمي ) was arrested in September 1998 in the United Kingdom , and accused of membership in al-Jihad .
They were arrested as part of Operation Challenge , which arrested seven men living in Britain through use of the Prevention of Terrorism Act 1989 , accusing them of links to al-Jihad . One of the men was charged with possession of a weapon . Six months after the arrests , British Muslims staged a demonstration in front of 10 Downing Street to protest the continued incarceration of the seven men .
They had previously been arrested multiple times throughout the 1980s .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Icrave may refer to :
Icrave ( design firm )
iCraveTV , a Canadian website which offered streaming Internet broadcasts of conventional television stations
See also
Crave
Aburina morosa is a moth of the family Noctuidae . It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
References
Moths described in 1920
Calpinae
Moths of Africa
Edward Wilson Landor ( 1811–1878 ) was a lawyer , scholar , writer and pioneer in the early days of the British colony of Western Australia .
Early days
Edward Landor was born in 1811 in Rushold in Lancashire , England . Their mother died in 1823 . They had some legal training and was given a junior partnership in their uncle 's law practice .
Arrival in Western Australia
They were diagnosed with a terminal illness if they stayed in England , so they decided with their brothers to emigrate to Western Australia .
Landor and their brothers Henry , a doctor , and George W Landor , arrived in the Colony of Western Australia on Advocate on 27 August 1841 , together with their subsequent business partner Nathan Elias Knight .
The Landor brothers intended to build up a large flock of sheep over six or so years but discovered that squatting on Government land was not permitted , and so Henry and George farmed in partnership with Nathan Elias Knight , leasing Balladong Farm from Rivett Henry Bland `` at a high rent '' , and `` wasted capital upon objects that could never bring in a good return '' , while Edward remained in Perth and practised as a barrister . Their brother George described them as the “ richest ” of the brothers , “ never coming themselves to look at theirs flock ” .
While practising as a barrister , Landor themselves was sued by Walter Andrews for `` wilful destruction of complainant 's poultry '' who roamed onto Landor 's yard , and successfully defended himself .
The Wiwar case
Landor defended Wiwar , an Aboriginal man charged with murder for spearing another Aboriginal man , when the spearing was permitted under Aboriginal law . Wiwar had confessed to the spearing . Landor 's defence of Wiwar included the following arguments :
The court was not competent to try Wiwar because Western Australia was occupied and not conquered .
The Aboriginal people could not be subject to British law for offences committed amongst themselves without their assent to and acceptance of those laws .
It is necessary to show that British laws have been imposed on the Aboriginal inhabitants in lieu of their own .
If criminal law is imposed on Aboriginal people , then the whole of the law should be , including slander and theft .
The Aboriginal people had laws of their own , and to subject them to British law in addition to Aboriginal law was contrary to justice because it meant that they were being tried and punished twice .
It was a hardship and injustice to subject an Aboriginal person to British laws that they had never heard of nor was bound to obey , they 're having acted in performance of their own laws .
There is no act of parliament imposing British law on Aboriginal people .
There is no proclamation making Aboriginal people British subjects .
Merely because an Aboriginal person is employed by the British does not make them subject to British law .
If there was a killing under Aboriginal law , there was no malice aforethought and therefore there was no murder under British law .
These submissions were rejected by the court and Wiwar was sentenced to death .
Colonicus
From December 1841 , Landor began to write occasional pieces for The Inquirer newspaper under the name `` Colonicus '' . These included :
A complaint about the introduction of import duties
A complaint about bad management of the mail , particularly to York
A fable about three field-mice brothers turned out of their paternal home and what they each did
The need to make the Colony better known in England to attract men with capital , by forming a Western Australian Society which would place advertisements in English newspapers
A need for greater communication with India
A song for farmers at the York Fair complaining about the Squatting Bill
Landor 's identity as Colonicus was exposed on 7 September 1842 , following which they wrote an apology to all those whom they may have offended .
For a short time , Landor acted as editor of the Perth Gazette . They were also a successful and popular lecturer .
Appointment to Court of Requests
In November 1842 , Edward was appointed a commissioner of the new Court of Requests in Perth Guildford and Fremantle , which meant that they ceased to be a barrister , representing clients . They also ceased writing to The Inquirer .
Return to England
They were granted leave in 1846 and returned to England and completed their studies and was enrolled as a solicitor . In March 1847 , they married Ellen Harley .
The Bushman
While in England , they published The Bushman , or Life in a New Country , a 31-chapter book dealing with many aspects of Western Australia : the Aboriginals , geography , the economy , the land grant system , flora and fauna and some adventures they and their brothers experienced . Contributions to the book were made by their brothers as well as by James Drummond .
John Wollaston said in their diaries that they considered the book gave the most true and just view of the colonial policy which they had read . However they said of Landor : I thought them too flashy when they were here , though very clever .
Return to Australia
Landor returned to Western Australia in 1859 with their wife and three children . They returned to legal practice in Perth . In 1866 , they gave up a good legal practice to become a police magistrate in Perth .
One of their first duties was to be a member of a board of inquiry into the Rev Edward Millett , the Anglican Chaplain in York . Walkinshaw Cowan had accused Millett of “ drunkenness , laziness , general moral delinquency and a diminished sense of responsibility ” . The Anglican Bishop Hale , the Principal Medical Officer in Perth and Landor all came to York in October 1866 to inquire into the matter . They concluded that there was no evidence that Millett drank alcohol and that any “ stupefaction ” was due to theirs taking opium because of their disorder . They noted that “ the general feeling of people in the District ( so far as was ascertained ) appears to be one of respect and regard for Mr Millett ” . They found that instead of them neglecting the sick as they had been charged , the contrary was shown. < ref > Rodger Jennings : Over The Hills , A History of York 1834-1880 ' , p.258-260. < /ref >
Trial of Lockier Clere Burges
In 1871 , while droving sheep from the Pilbara to Geraldton , Lockier Clere Burges shot and killed an Aboriginal man known as `` Mackle-yell '' , in a dispute over a stolen saddle . Burges was charged over this incident . Landor and three other magistrates presided at the trial . At the trial , the Crown Solicitor said they would leave the charge open until they had presented the evidence . The magistrates objected to this and so the Crown Solicitor said the charge was murder , which was a capital offence .
During the trial , the four magistrates conferred and decided that there was no likelihood of a conviction for murder and the Crown consented to a lesser charge , namely shooting with intent to do bodily harm .
Burges was convicted , but the governor Sir Frederick Weld suspended Landor from their office of magistrate on the grounds `` of want of capacity , or partiality , or of both , in favour of the accused , the member of an influential family of long standing in the colony , which they would not have done had the accused been friendless and of humble station '' .
The other three magistrates tendered their resignations , which were accepted . A petition was presented to the Secretary of State for the Colonies in London which had been signed by 650 `` magistrates , merchants , and others '' including every Member of the Legislative Council and Justice of the Peace available in the Colony to sign .
An account of the affair was also published by friends of Landor .
Landor was subsequently cleared by direction of the Secretary of State , and was restored to their position as magistrate . Throughout this “ he took a dignified and tolerant attitude which earned them great respect ” .
Death
In 1876 , they advertised their home for sale . It was said to be `` fronting Government House Grounds , and abutting at the rear on Howick Street '' ( now Hay Street ) .
They died on 24 October 1878 leaving three daughters and a son , their wife having predeceased them by two years .
The Inquirer said of him : “ He discharged their duties on the Bench fearlessly and honourably , jealously upholding the dignity of their high and responsible office , and their decisions were generally approved . ”
Notes
References
External links
The Bushman , Life in a New Country '' on Project Gutenberg
1878 deaths
19th-century Australian lawyers
1811 births
People from Lancashire
Settlers of Western Australia
Gheorghe Berceanu ( 28 December 1949 – 30 August 2022 ) was a Romanian light-flyweight Greco-Roman wrestler . They won the world title in 1969 and 1972 , the European title in 1970 , 1972 , and 1973 , and an Olympic gold medal in 1972 in Munich and a silver in 1976 in Montreal . Berceanu spent most of their career at Steaua București , and later worked there as a coach .
Berceanu died on 30 August 2022 , at the age of 72 .
References
External links
1949 births
2022 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Romania
Wrestlers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Romanian male sport wrestlers
Olympic gold medalists for Romania
Olympic silver medalists for Romania
Olympic medalists in wrestling
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
European Wrestling Championships medalists
People from Dolj County
Operation TKO was a 2003 probe conducted by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) . As a result of Operation TKO , U.S. and Mexican authorities shut down the Mexico City company , Laboratorios Ttokkyo , which was the biggest producer of ketamine in Mexico producing almost 80–90 % of the Ketamine found in the United States . This was also the most successful crackdown ever on performance-enhancing drugs . The original goal of the operation was to cut off the supply of ketamine but it led to stopping the production of illegal steroids. ,
Subsequently , Ernesto Chevreuil Bravo , 43 , a Tijuana veterinary pharmacy owner , was convicted of distributing the material , while Ttokkyo owner Jose Francisco Molina was deported to Mexico , where they are facing similar charges .
According to the DEA , over 80 % of Ketamine seized in the U.S. is of Mexican origin . The World Health Organization Expert Committee on Drug Dependence , in its thirty third report , recommended research into its recreational use/misuse due to growing concerns about its rising popularity in Europe , Asia and North America . This due in part to its prevention of depression .
References
Drug Enforcement Administration operations
Lore Verne Bader ( April 27 , 1888 – June 2 , 1973 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the New York Giants ( 1912 ) and Boston Red Sox ( 1917–1918 ) . Bader batted left-handed and threw right-handed . They were born in Bader , Illinois . In a three-season career , Bader posted a 5-3 record with 27 strikeouts and a 2.51 ERA in 75.1 innings pitched .
Career
In 1912 Bader pitched in two games for the New York Giants . In their debut , on September 30 , they pitched a complete game , 4–2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies and their staff ace Grover Cleveland Alexander , foiling Alexander 's bid for their 20th victory of the season . After that , Bader played for the Buffalo minor league team , and went 16-7 In 1914 , 20-18 in 1915 , and in 1916 topped the league pitchers with a 23-8 mark .
Bader returned to the major leagues with the Boston Red Sox in 1917 . They ended 2-0 with a 2.37 ERA in 15 games , all but one in relief . They enlisted in the Navy at the end of the season , but was discharged in June 1918 because of loose knee ligaments . They rejoined the Red Sox for the rest of the year and played their last game on July 18 .
Following their majors career , Bader pitched with the Toronto Maple Leafs of the International League in 1920 and 1923 and was a pitcher-manager with the Lynn , Massachusetts team of the New England League in 1926 . They also worked as a Boston Braves scout in 1927 , and managed the Hartford , Connecticut club in the Eastern League in 1930 .
Personal
Bader died in LeRoy , Kansas , at the age of 85 .
Nicknamed `` King '' , Bader was also known as `` Two Pairs '' because they loved playing cards .
Sources
1918 Red Sox
Baseball Almanac
Baseball Library
Buffalo Bisons History
References
1888 births
1973 deaths
Baseball players from Illinois
Boston Braves coaches
Boston Braves scouts
Boston Red Sox players
Buffalo Bisons ( minor league ) players
Dallas Giants players
Major League Baseball pitchers
New York Giants ( NL ) players
Minor league baseball managers
People from Schuyler County , Illinois
Toronto Maple Leafs ( International League ) players
Sindhi to English dictionaries are bilingual dictionaries which provide English equivalents of Sindhi language words .
Compilations of Sindhi and English terms were created for non-Sindhi speaking students in the early 1800s . The Journal of the Asiatic Society of Bengal , Calcutta published articles with vocabulary lists in 1836 and 1843 . Sindhi was one of the languages included in Leech 's 1943 vocabularies of Indic languages for the British government . In 1849 , George Stack published a Sindhi to English dictionary consisting of 15,000 terms , followed in 1855 by an English to Sindhi dictionary with 17000 terms , in which they used the Devanagari script . Father G. Shirt published a Sindhi to English dictionary in 1879 in which they used Arabic script and which became the basis for a number of other versions , including Parmanand Mewarm 's 1910 and 1933 works . Beginning in the 1960s , Deccan College began work on a dictionary with both Devanagari and Arabic characters which included contemporary usage and cross-references . Sirajul Haque Memon was the chief editor of the Oxford English-Sindhi Dictionary .
In addition to standard dictionaries , concise dictionaries have been compiled by Shahani .
Yadgar Sindhi to English Dictionary is a reference work edited by A. D. Shah and Zulfiqar Ali Bhatti and published by Yadgar Publishers.It is a bilingual dictionary and contains over 8000 English meanings of Sindhi words .
Electronic dictionaries and software that converts Sindhi into English and English into Sindhi have also been developed .
References
English bilingual dictionaries
Sindhi language
Sindhi-language dictionary
Scott Griffin is a Canadian business person and philanthropist .
Scott Griffin may also refer to :
Scott Griffin ( musician ) , bassist in L.A . Guns
Scott Griffin ( In Plain Sight character ) , television show character
Scott Tracy Griffin , American writer , actor and expert on author Edgar Rice Burroughs
Champneys is an English country house and its associated estate near Tring , Hertfordshire . The mansion is run as a destination spa by a business using `` Champneys '' as the brand name for a group of spa resorts and day spas .
History
The earliest record of an estate associated with the Champneys name is in 1307 . It appears in the Tring manor court rolls for 1514 . It was owned by successive landowning families in the Wigginton , Hertfordshire and surrounding area between the 14th and 19th centuries , although for a short period around 1535 it is recorded as owned by Thomas Cranmer , Archbishop of Canterbury .
The grounds and original house were inherited in 1871 by the Rev . Arthur Sutton Valpy . They replaced the original building by the current French Second Empire styled house built in 1874 which stood in extensive grounds . In 1900 Champneys was sold to Lady Rothschild ; the family had owned nearby Tring Park Mansion since 1872 .
In 1925 Stanley Lief ( 1890–1962 ) , a pioneer in the field of naturopathy , bought Champneys , converting it into a Nature Cure resort which they ran from the 1930s for about 20 years . Champneys at Tring continued as a health resort with varying degrees of success , latterly under the ownership of a Middle Eastern consortium , until it was bought by Stephen Purdew in 2002 . The house with associated buildings is set in landscaped grounds of around .
The business group
Champneys is the brand name of a destination spa group , comprising four spa resorts , two hotels and six day spas owned by the Purdew family . The first spa in the group was Henlow Grange . Others include Eastwell Manor and Mottram Hall .
In 2004 , £150,000 was raised for Breast Cancer Care , Tommy 's Charity and the Disability Foundation were supported in 2006 , raising a combined sum of £100,000 . The Champneys Charitable Foundation was registered with the Charity Commission on 31 May 2006 .
In July 2011 , Sir Paul Stephenson , Metropolitan Police Commissioner , resigned over a stay at Champneys Tring , part of which had been a gift from Stephen Purdew , and in an interview in The Guardian in August the same year , Purdew explained that certain clients receive discounts on the basis of their celebrity status or if they are journalists or hold high-ranking positions in public office : `` These rugby players are paying but they 're coming on a concession rate because it 's just making the place buzz . We do that with actors and journalists and dignitaries . It makes Champneys 'The Place ' . ''
In 2020 The Observer gave Champneys an award for the year 's `` worst customer service '' after it denied customers refunds for bookings cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic , despite a contractual clause guaranteeing refunds for cancellations due to exceptional circumstances , then closed its phone lines .
Television
In 2014 , Champneys Tring was the subject of an ITV documentary by Richard Macer .
References
External links
Champneys Company Website
Champneys Beauty College Website
Hotel chains in the United Kingdom
Hotel spas
Hotels in Hertfordshire
Rothschild family residences
The 2012 Delhi municipal corporation election was held on 15 April 2012 and the result was declared on 17 April 2012 .
Schedule
Election results
References
Local elections in Delhi
Delhi
2012 elections in India
Jackson Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Boonville in Oneida County , south of Boonville .
References
Mountains of Oneida County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
The Triumph of Bacchus is a painting by the Walloon artist Michaelina Wautier . It was painted between 1650 and 1656 and is considered one of Wautier 's greatest works , as well as one of their largest . Based on classical texts , the picture shows a procession with the drunken god Bacchus at its centre , surrounded by other humans , satyrs and animals .
It was possibly commissioned to be part of the large collection of art amassed by Archduke Leopold Willhelm ; in any case by 1659 it was noted in an inventory of the collection .
It now hangs in the Kunsthistoriches Museum , Vienna .
References
Paintings by Michaelina Wautier
1650s paintings
Paintings of Bacchus
Thomas Anthony Sydes ( May 4 , 1941 – June 20 , 2015 ) was an American child actor on film and television .
Early years
Sydes was born May 4 , 1941 , in North Hollywood , California . They were the son of Thomas and Ruth Sydes , and they had a brother , Jonathan , and two sisters , Debbie and Carol .
Film
Sydes made their film debut in Claudia and David ( 1946 ) . Sydes ' last film appearance was in Gunsmoke in Tucson ( 1958 ) .
Military service
After their retirement from acting , Sydes joined the United States Army in 1963 , and was stationed in Vietnam , Germany , and Italy . They earned a National Defense Service Medal and a Purple Heart for their 20 years of service .
Later years
Sydes founded A & A Auction Gallery in 1980 , and became a member of the National Auctioneers Association .
Personal life
Sydes was married to the former Ann Driscoll . They had two daughters and a son : Elizabeth , Thomas Jr. and Tiffany . They now have 9 grandchildren : Kaitlyn , Kyle , Mia Berger , Jack , Will , Anna , Gabriel , Adrian , and Noah ; and two great-granddaughters .
Death
Sydes died in Springfield , Virginia on June 20 , 2015 . They were survived by three children , and nine grandchildren .
Filmography
References
External links
New York Times filmography
1941 births
2015 deaths
American male television actors
American male film actors
20th-century American male actors
American male child actors
United States Army soldiers
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Male actors from Hollywood , Los Angeles
American auctioneers
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
North Hollywood High School alumni
Elizabeth Amadas ( née Bryce ) ( died 1532 ) was a lady at the royal court of King Henry VIII of England who was accused of treason , and who claimed to have been the target of the King 's advances .
Life
Elizabeth Bryce was the daughter of James Bryce by their wife , Elizabeth Chester ( d.1504 ) , and the granddaughter of Sir Hugh Bryce ( d. 22 November 1496 ) , Goldsmith , and Lord Mayor of London in 1485 . They married a London Goldsmith , Robert Amadas , whose talents quickly made them the richest goldsmith in England . By Robert Amadas they had two daughters , Elizabeth and Thomasine . Elizabeth Amadas married Richard Scrope of Castle Combe , Wiltshire , and is said to have left as their sole heir a daughter , Frances Scrope ( d.1566 ) , who married Martin Bowes . Thomasine Amadas was the first wife of Sir Richard Stapleton ( d. 11 January 1585 ) , by whom they had a son , Brian Stapleton ( d. 13 December 1606 ) , who married Eleanor Neville , daughter of Ralph Neville , 4th Earl of Westmorland . the daughter of George Darcy , 2nd Baron Darcy de Darcy .
Robert Amadas made their will in 1531 , and had died by 14 April 1532 .
In 1532 Elizabeth Amadas was arrested for treason . They had described Anne Boleyn as a harlot , and said that they should be burnt . They also said that the king , by setting aside Catherine of Aragon for a younger woman , was encouraging the men of England to do the same . Elizabeth 's husband had recently left them They described themselves as a `` witch and prophetess '' . They were released , but the couple got into debt and did not recover their position at court .
They also stated that Henry VIII had asked them many times to join them at the house of William Compton in Thames Street . They alleged that Compton and Dauncy had brought messages from the King to them They did not state when this was , although Compton died in 1528 so it must have been before this . They also did not state if they gave in to the King 's advances .
Notes
References
1532 deaths
Mistresses of Henry VIII
Year of birth unknown
16th-century English women
Court of Henry VIII
Witchcraft in England
Krupin ( ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart ( in Slavic countries ) is Krupina . It may refer to
Janet Krupin ( born 1987 ) , American actor , singer , writer and producer
Vladimir Krupin ( born 1941 ) , Russian writer
Russian-language surnames
Brandeis Denham Jolly , , LL.D ( born August 26 , 1935 ) is a Jamaican Canadian business person , publisher , broadcaster , human rights activist , philanthropist and author of In the Black : My Life . They were the President and CEO of Milestone Communications .
Early life and education
Jolly was born in Green Island , Jamaica , and attended Cornwall College . They studied at the University of Guelph , Dalhousie University , Nova Scotia and McGill University , Montreal where they graduated in 1960 with a degree in science .
Career
Jolly returned to Jamaica after graduation and worked at Nutrition Research for the government of Jamaica . They moved to Canada in 1962 and engaged in Air Pollution Research for Metropolitan Toronto . After studying Education and obtaining a teaching certificate , Jolly taught Chemistry and Physics at Forest Hill Collegiate in Toronto , 1963-1968 .
Jolly entered the business world by buying a rooming house on the University of Toronto Campus and in 1968 started Donsview Nursing Home in Toronto . They went on to build a Day 's Inn Hotel in Mississauga , Ontario and also acquired a nursing home in Dallas , Texas . They owned and operated for over 40 years a 210 bed nursing and retirement home facility , Tyndall Nursing Home and Estates on a 2.5 acre property in Mississauga . At one time Jolly owned , two medical laboratories in Toronto , Ed-Beck Pharmaceuticals and Standard Medical Diagnostics .
In 1982 Jolly bought and published the community newspaper Contrast . That year they also founded and led the Black Business and Professional Association and the Harry Jerome Awards . They were also active in the civil rights organizations and spoke out on social justice issues as a member of the Black Action Defence Committee and was a founding member of the Committee for Due Process .
Jolly launched Canada 's first Black-owned radio station FLOW 93.5 CFXJ-FM through Milestone Communications . The fight to get the license took a dozen years and their struggle was featured in the Washington Post and the Toronto Star as an example of racial barriers in Canada . The license was finally awarded in June 2000 . It was supported by both the Toronto Star and the Toronto Sun , which ran an editorial saying that `` At long last the dinosaurs at the Canadian Radio and Telecommunications Commission have admitted Toronto needs a black-owned urban format station on the FM dial . ''
FLOW 93.5 went on air in February 2001 and was the first mainstream radio station to introduce hip-hop to Canada and the first to play Drake , and played and actively promoted Canada 's Black musicians . It aired as a mixture of talk and music , including O.T.A . ( On the Air ) Live ! , a weekly interview program with hip hop artists . FLOW 93.5 devoted airtime to black-oriented music and provided opportunities , at the highest level for many Black Canadians in the broadcasting industry . Many world class Artists like Janet Jackson , Lady Gaga , Jay-Z , Kanye West , Damian Marley , Rihanna and Drake found it imperative to visit the FLOW Studios in Toronto , even Sir . Richard Branson personally visited to launch their Virgin Mobile communications .
In 2005 FLOW won the Station of the Year Award in the Contemporary Hit Radio category at the Canadian Music Week Industry Awards . That year Jolly invested in a radio station in Edmonton , called The Bounce 91.7FM CHBN-FM .
Jolly was on the boards of the YMCA , Surrey Place and the world renowned Toronto International Film Festival , plus currently serves on the board for Caribbean Tales , a film production company based in Toronto . They have won awards for their cultural contributions including the Black Media Pioneer Award . the African Canadian Lifetime Achievement Award and the Canadian Urban Institute 's City Soul Award in 2006 . In 2007 they were presented with a Black History Award from the Markham African Caribbean Association .
Jolly sold their radio holdings in 2011 for $ 27 million . They then invested US $ 750,000 in a real estate development project in Barbados .
In Green Island , Hanover , Jamaica they developed 200 acres of beachfront and sold to Princess
Hotels of Spain for their 2,000 room hotel , opening 2022 .
Jolly 's media appearances and interviews include programs : The Agenda with TVO 's Steve Paikin ,
CBC Radio Q with Tom Powers , CTV 's Pop Life and more .
Throughout Jolly 's career they have been a keynote , motivational and guest speaker on many
occasions . Jolly has spoken at : The National Word on the Street Book Festival in Toronto and at
CBC Tent Halifax Festival and many libraries , schools and organizations in Toronto . Jolly has
reviewed their book for the Inmates Book Club Collins Bay Medium Security Penitentiary in Kingston ,
ON .
Jolly 's Philanthropic endeavors have included :
In 2008 Jolly donated $ 50,000 towards the endowment of the Jean Augustine Chair in Education in the New Urban Environment at York University .
In 2010 , Jolly funded and organized a small group of volunteers to load a 20 ' shipping container with walking aids from their nursing home , to send to Haiti after the devastating earthquake .
Jolly donated $ 50,000 to Sunnybrook Hospital Urology Department , Toronto .
They also donated to the Lucie & Thorton and Blackburn Conference Centre project , George Brown College Toronto .
In August 2019 , Jolly paid off the mortgage of the Jamaican Canadian Association centre with a donation of $ 312,000 .
In 2019 , Jolly revived a breakfast program at their Alma mater Cornwall College , Montego Bay , Jamaica , for sixty students per day .
They continue their sponsorship of Industry Cove Basic School in Hanover , Jamaica .
Since 2019 , Jolly continues to sponsor the 2019 undefeated ( Cosmos ) Regent Park boys under twelve soccer team . In addition to sponsoring other local and Olympic Canadian athletes over the years .
In May 2021 , Jolly pledged $ 25,000.00 to The Lincoln Alexander School of Law at Ryerson University for the B. Denham Jolly Racial Justice Award .
They continue to contribute to many other philanthropic endeavors in the community .
Their memoir , In the Black : My Life was published in February 2017 by ECW Press . The book won the 2017 Toronto Book Award . Jolly also received an engraved stone placed in the Toronto 's Official Book Garden memorializing their work .
On March 10 , 2020 , award winning filmmaker and producer , Frances-Anne Solomon of CaribbeanTales announced that they are in the process of developing Jolly 's memoir into a feature film that is now in production .
Honours
The City of Toronto , on February 28 , 2017 , the final day of Black History Month , announced the naming of a street in a new Scarborough sub-division in honour of Mr. Denham Jolly , a Black pioneer in Canada 's radio broadcasting industry .
`` Jolly Way '' will commemorate the exceptional contributions to Canada of Denham Jolly .
Jolly Way is located near the southwest corner of Midland Avenue and Ellesmere Avenue , in a residential neighbourhood under development by Mattamy Homes .
`` It is most appropriate that approval to name a street after Mr. Jolly has come through today , the last day of Black History Month 2017 , '' said Councillor Michael Thompson , Chair of Toronto 's Economic Development Committee .
`` Mr. Jolly has been instrumental in giving voice to the culture , achievements , challenges and aspirations of Toronto 's Black and Caribbean communities when few channels for such messages were available , '' Thompson added . On November 1 , 2019 , The City of Toronto hosted a street name unveiling celebration honouring Jolly .
November 27 , 2020 the Governor General of Canada 's office announced Mr. Jolly 's appointment to the Order of Canada . Out of the 114 Canadians appointed in year 2020 , Mr. Jolly was the only Black Canadian given the honour .
May 22 , 2021 The University of West Indies Toronto Benefit Awards honoured Mr. Jolly with the G. Raymond Chang Award for leadership and commitment to the betterment of communities in Canada and beyond . Mr. Jolly was awarded alongside , Ms. Naomi Campbell and Nelson Mandela 's wife , Dr. Graça Machel , who each received Luminary Awards .
October 2 , 2021 Jolly was honoured by McGill University with the Macdonald Distinguished Alumni Award in recognition for their outstanding contributions to society and humanity .
June 8 , 2022 Recipient of Distinguished Leader Award at McGill Toronto Excellence Awards Banquet .
June 9 , 2022 was bestowed the Degree of Doctor of Laws , honoris causa , from the University of Toronto . In their convocation address , to over 400 graduates , their message was you can do well by doing good . Invitation read - the founder , president and CEO of FLOW 93.5 , B. Denham Jolly is recognized for their service to the local community as a foundational and transformative leader and promoter of equity , social justice , civil rights and opportunity within the GTA .
Further reading
B. Denham Jolly . In the Black : My Life . ECW Press , 2017 .
Fil Fraser . `` How The Blacks Created Canada '' . Dragon Hill Publishing , 2009 .
`` The Canadian Encyclopedia '' . Denham Jolly .
Dawn P. Williams . `` Who 's Who in Black Canada '' . 2006 .
References
Living people
Jamaican emigrants to Canada
McGill University Faculty of Science alumni
Canadian radio executives
Black Canadian writers
Canadian memoirists
Black Canadian businesspeople
1935 births
21st-century Canadian male writers
21st-century Canadian non-fiction writers
20th-century Canadian businesspeople
21st-century Canadian businesspeople
Canadian male non-fiction writers
Cornwall College , Jamaica alumni
21st-century memoirists
Members of the Order of Canada
People from Hanover Parish
Writers from Toronto
Gullane Entertainment PLC was a British independent production company which produced children 's programming , including Thomas & Friends ( 1984–2021 ) , Shining Time Station ( 1989–1993 ) , and The Magic Adventures of Mumfie ( 1994–1998 ) . The company was purchased by HIT Entertainment in July 2002 , and went defunct in the same year . As of today , most of Gullane 's library is currently owned by Mattel .
History
The Britt Allcroft Company
The company produced the first seven seasons of Thomas the Tank Engine & Friends as Britt Allcroft Company , after Britt Allcroft purchased the rights to The Railway Series in 1979 .
In 1994 , the company announced a strategic international alliance with Canadian-based company Catalyst Entertainment , who previously co-produced Shining Time Station with TBAC .
In June 1997 , the company announced they had purchased the rights to Captain Pugwash and would produce a new television series featuring the character . In 1998 , the company acquired the publishing rights to The Railway Series from Reed Elsevier .
In December 1999 , The Britt Allcroft Company announced they had acquired a 50 % stake on Sooty from then-owner from Sooty International Limited , forming a joint-venture company called Bridgefilms ( also known as Sooty Limited ) , which would also handle licensing rights to existing Britt Allcroft creation Mumfie .
In March 2000 , HIT Entertainment offered a $ 363 million bid to purchase the company , alongside other interested companies . In the same month , the company announced they had purchased The Media Merchants for £14 million , bringing Art Attack to their list of intellectual properties ( IPs ) .
In September 2000 , after the cinematic failure of Thomas and the Magic Railroad , Britt Allcroft stepped down as the company 's CEO and soon , it was later reformed as Gullane Entertainment .
Gullane Entertainment
In September 2000 , with the negative reception and box-office disappointment of Thomas and the Magic Railroad , Britt Allcroft stepped down as the company 's CEO , and under new leadership , the company announced they would rebrand as Gullane Entertainment in order to expand and export their brands worldwide . Britt Allcroft would however remain as a creative consultant for the Thomas the Tank Engine franchise . Within the announcement of the name change came some new projects , including a new series of Thomas the Tank Engine & Friends , the launch of an online platform called Planet Gullane , a new series of Art Attack alongside the production of 238 episodes for the international market in a partnership with The Walt Disney Company , a second series of Sooty Heights alongside the production of direct-to-video Sooty material , two new seasons of Captain Pugwash , alongside new seasons for ZZZAP ! and It 's a Mystery . Gullane also announced production of a full series of Eekhart with Catalyst Entertainment .
In October 2000 , Gullane announced to set aside US $ 50 million to fund a year 's worth of productions , including new Thomas-related projects and television movies , with one being a co-production with French company Teleimages for Animal Planet .
In January 2001 , Gullane announced they had purchased David & Charles Children 's Books for £1.1 Million , putting two new franchises : Zippy Dinosaurs and Vroom Vroom , into Gullane 's properties .
In March 2001 , Gullane announced their profits for the last six months went up 80 % . On the same day , the company announced they would produce 26 new episodes of Thomas The Tank Engine & Friends for a Summer 2002 delivery , with a co-funding deal with a third-party being allowed to coincide with the series ' cost at a possible range of 78 new episodes by the next three years . On the same day , Gullane confirmed that Thomas and the Magic Railroad had been sold in over thirty countries worldwide , while Catalyst Entertainment delivered the first series of Eckhart and Longhouse Tales to the company . Earlier on , Gullane announced work on a 2D/3D animated co-production with Catalyst based on the fellow David & Charles book Harry and the Bucketful of Dinosaurs called Sammy and the Dinosaurs which the company would distribute worldwide .
In July 2001 , Gullane purchased Guinness World Records for £45.5 Million from their original owners Diageo , although Gullane would continue to license the Guinness brand name from Diageo . By December 2001 , the company planned to produce new GWR-themed programming at a young male demographic , and that the publishing division had merged with Dave & Charles Children 's Books to form Gullane Publishing .
On September 14 , 2001 , Gullane signed a distribution deal with Tell-Tale Productions for the production on two new shows , called Ella , and Sprogs .
In November 2001 , Gullane was reportedly in talks to buy the entertainment assets of Canadian company CINAR , which had been affected by a financial scandal . However , those talks had fallen through due to either a failure to secure sufficient funding or in-fighting within CINAR 's board of directors .
In December 2001 , Gullane purchased a majority stake in Fireman Sam from S4C International for £16 Million , with both companies agreeing to produce a new season of 26 episodes and to remaster the previous 4 seasons .
In February 2002 , Catalyst Entertainment merged with Cambium Entertainment Corporation to form a joint-venture company called Cambium Catalyst International ( CCI Entertainment ) , allowing Gullane to achieve economies of scale and add clarity to their operating profile , as well as adding onto their catalog with over 300 hours worth of programming . Gullane owned a 32 % non-voting , 19 % voting , interest in the new enlarged business .
On March 8 , 2002 , Gullane signed a co-production , distribution and global licensing deal with Collingwood O'Hare Entertainment for the production of a new series titled Yoko ! Jakamoko ! Toto ! , which had been pre-sold to CITV . On March 20 , the company announced 208 new episodes of Art Attack for the European and Latin American markets , alongside 78-new episodes of Thomas & Friends .
In July 2002 , HIT Entertainment agreed to purchase Gullane for £139million . It would be unknown if CCI Entertainment would be effected by the purchase .
On September 18 , 2002 , before HIT 's purchase , Gullane 's distribution deal with Tell-Tale for Ella and Sprogs fell through , with the rights reverting to Tell-Tale .
After the purchase
In January 2003 , Britt Allcroft announced they had resigned as a board director at HIT Entertainment in order to focus their work on their new company Britt Allcroft Productions and Peter Urie was appointed Group Head of Production to replace them
In March 2003 , CCI Entertainment announced they had ended their partnership with HIT , purchasing out their shares in the company , as well as most of Gullane 's catalogue . The shows CCI reacquired were put into the company 's CCI Releasing subsidiary .
In October 2007 , HIT put the rights to both Mumfie and Sooty up for sale . Britt Allcroft reacquired Magic Adventures of Mumfie in March 2008 , while Richard Cadell would purchase the Sooty franchise and brand in June 2008 .
In February 2008 , HIT sold the Guinness World Records brand and franchise to Ripley Entertainment .
As of 2020 , many of Gullane 's IP 's still remain under the ownership of HIT Entertainment via Mattel Television . The `` Gullane ( Thomas ) Limited '' subsidiary remains as the IP holder for the Thomas & Friends franchise .
Programming
Thomas & Friends ( 1984–2021 , Series 1–6 )
Shining Time Station ( 1989–1993 , 1995 )
Magic Adventures of Mumfie ( 1994–1998 )
James the Cat ( 1998 series )
Fireman Sam ( 1987–present )
Captain Pugwash ( 1998 series )
Art Attack ( 1990–2007 , Series 13–15 )
Sooty Heights ( 1999–2000 , Series 2 )
Eckhart ( 2000–2001 , UK distribution )
Sooty ( 2001–2004 , Series 1–2 )
Other assets
Guinness World Records
Films
Thomas and the Magic Railroad ( 2000 ) . Gullane 's only feature-length film . This film features Thomas and their friends protecting a lost engine from the evil Diesel 10 and finding some magic . The film stars Alec Baldwin as Mr . Conductor , Peter Fonda as Burnett Stone , Mara Wilson as Lily , Russell Means as Billy Twofeathers , Didi Conn as Stacy Jones , and Edward Glen as the voice of Thomas .
Key people
Britt Allcroft - Co Founder , Director , Deputy Chairman ( resigned 7 September 2000 )
Angus Wright - Co Founder
Adam F. Mills - Director ( resigned 3 September 2002 )
William S. Harris - Chief Executive , Director ( resigned 3 September 2002 )
Charles J. Falzon - President , Director ( resigned 3 September 2002 )
Timothy J. Hilton - Finance Director , Director ( resigned 26 October 2001 )
Helen Byme - Secretary
References
Notes
External links
Mills to join Britt Allcroft [ Productions ] The Guardian – 1 December 2000
British companies established in 1987
British companies disestablished in 2002
Mass media companies established in 1987
Mass media companies disestablished in 2002
2002 mergers and acquisitions
Television production companies of the United Kingdom
Thomas & Friends
HIT Entertainment
Mattel
1987 establishments in the United Kingdom
2002 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Matteo Regillo ( born 24 April 2002 ) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a forward for Étoile Carouge on loan from Servette FC .
Professional career
On 2 June 2020 , Regillo signed a professional contract with Servette FC until 2023 . Regillo made their professional debut with Servette in a 2-1 Swiss Super League loss to FC Sion on 3 August 2020 .
On 20 July 2021 , they joined Étoile Carouge on a season-long loan .
References
External links
SFL Profile
SFV U17 Profile
2002 births
Footballers from Geneva
Swiss people of Italian descent
Living people
Swiss footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Servette FC players
Étoile Carouge FC players
2 . Liga Interregional players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Promotion League players
The 1968 Merton Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Merton London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
In the United States armed forces , the Chiefs of Chaplains of the United States are the senior service chaplains who lead and represent the Chaplain Corps of the United States Army , Navy , and Air Force . The Navy created the first Office of the Chief of Chaplains in 1917 ; the Army followed in 1920 , and the Air Force established its own in 1948 after it became a separate branch .
The three Chiefs of Chaplains and the three active-duty Deputy Chiefs of Chaplains from the Army , Navy , and Air Force comprise the Armed Forces Chaplains Board ( AFCB ) which advises the Secretary of Defense and the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness on religious , ethical , and moral matters , in addition to a number of policy issues .
The current military Chiefs of Chaplains are :
Chaplains of the Marine Corps and Coast Guard
As the Marine Corps and Coast Guard do not commission chaplains , the United States Navy Deputy Chief of Chaplains also serves as Chaplain of the United States Marine Corps , and a senior Navy Chaplain holding the rank of Navy Captain serves as Chaplain of the Coast Guard . The current chaplains are :
See also
International Military Chiefs of Chaplains Conference
Chaplain General
Armed Forces Chaplaincy Center
Religious symbolism in the United States military
References
United States
American military officers
United States
Novy Urkarakh ( ; Dargwa : Сагаси Уркарахъ ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Urkarkhsky Selsoviet , Dakhadayevsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 1,101 as of 2010 . There are 9 streets .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Gilbert Banester ( also Banaster , Banastir , Banastre ; 1445 – 1487 ) was an English composer and poet of Flemish influences .
Possibly a native of London , they were Master of the Children of the Chapel Royal from 1478 to 1490 . Their works are found in a number of Tudor manuscript collections of church music , including the Pepys Manuscript ; there is also an antiphon by their hand in the Eton Choirbook . Stylistically the work is similar to those of William Horwood in the same book , but is unusual in that it is written to a prose text . Two poems have been ascribed to Banester , the Miracle of St Thomas of 1467 and a translation of Boccaccio , dating to 1450 , that is the first known in the English language .
Little else is known of Banester 's life . They were recorded as the `` king 's servant '' in 1471 . In addition , it is known that Edward IV provided them with corrodies for two Abbeys , and they were made a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal in 1475 . In 1478 , they became master of the choristers . They died in 1487 .
References
1440s births
1487 deaths
English classical composers
Renaissance composers
Gentlemen of the Chapel Royal
Musicians from London
15th-century English people
Composers of the Tudor period
English male classical composers
Masters of the Children of the Chapel Royal
Kordkoti ( , also Romanized as Kordkotī ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 152 , in 40 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Chatchawit Techarukpong ( ; also known as Victor ( ) , born 22 March 1992 ) is a Thai actor . They are known for their main roles as Terk in GMMTV 's Room Alone 401-410 ( 2014 ) , as Min in Water Boyy : The Series ( 2017 ) and as Teacher Pom in The Gifted ( 2018 ) .
Early life
Chatchawit was born in Prachuap Khiri Khan Province , Thailand to a Taiwanese father and a Chinese mother .
Career
Chatchawit started in the entertainment industry by auditioning in several singing competitions such as Teen Superstar under the name TS3 Victor , The Star and Academy Fantasia . Although they did not make it in the said competitions , they were eventually given the opportunity to fulfill their dream to be a singer after signing up with GMMTV and releasing the songs `` เราเลือกความรักได้เสมอ '' ( Rao Leuak Kwahm Ruk Dai Samur ) , the OST for Room Alone 401-410 ( 2014 ) , and `` กอดสุดท้าย '' ( Kot Sutthai ) .
In 2015 , they were tapped to host several television programs such as Proteen together with Jumpol Adulkittiporn ( Off ) , Oishi Hitz List and as a backstage host for Asia 's Got Talent , Season 1 on Channel 3 . They also played main roles in Ugly Duckling : Do n't ( 2015 ) , U-Prince Series : Badass Baker ( 2016 ) , Water Boyy : The Series ( 2017 ) and The Gifted ( 2018 ) .
They were one of hosts of School Rangers until its 50th episode in 2018 and was replaced by Nawat Phumphotingam ( White ) . They currently host the travel television show WOW ! Thailand .
Filmography
Film
Television
Discography
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Chatchawit Techarukpong
Chatchawit Techarukpong
Chatchawit Techarukpong
Chatchawit Techarukpong
Chatchawit Techarukpong
Chatchawit Techarukpong
Rafael Abramovich Grugman ( ; born 16 October 1948 ) is a Russian writer , journalist , engineer , programmer and college educator .
Biography
Rafael Grugman was born in Odessa , Ukraine , USSR and graduated from Novosibirsk Electrotechnical Institute ( NETI ) in Russia ( now Novosibirsk State Technical University , NSTU ) .
During student years they worked as a journalist for several Novosibirsk newspapers . In 1971 they returned to Odessa to work as an engineer for more than twenty years , authoring and contributing to more than 50 patents and scientific articles that were published in Moscow technical magazines .
In the mid-1980s , during the years of social and political reforms in the USSR , known as the Perestroika , they again become a journalist , publishing their work in leading newspapers in Odessa , and conducted interviews with diplomats and military and political figures . They were the first editor of the Jewish newspaper Ha-Meletz ( Russian : ) , published in Odessa after the collapse of the USSR .
They live in the United States since 1996 . They have held various positions working as a programmer , journalist and writer . Presently , they are teaching at a local college in New York .
Rafael Grugman the author of fiction and non-fiction books that were published in Russia , Ukraine , United States and Israel . In March 2009 the fiction story `` The Wagner Lecture '' received `` Honorable Mention '' in the Glimmer Train Fiction Open competition . The dystopian novel Nontraditional Love was published by Liberty Publishing House in November 2008 and nominated for the 2009 Rossica Translation Prize ( London , 2009 ) .
Fiction book published in the USA ( translated from Russian )
Nontraditional Love — New York : Liberty Publishing House , 2008 — The Twenty Third Century : Nontraditional Love , — Strelbytskyy Multimedia Publishing , 2017
Napoleon 's Great-Great-Grandson Speaks — Strelbytskyy Multimedia Publishing , 2017
The Messiah Who Might Have Been . I Was Churchill 's Mistress — 2018
Fiction books
Bride of the Sea ( ) — Ukraine , Odessa : Title , 1994
Borya , get out from the sea ( ) — Ukraine , Odessa : Southwest , 1995
Nuzhna mne vasha farshirovannaya ryba ( ) — Ukraine , Odessa : Printing House , 2004
Borya , get out from the sea – 2 . Odessa Tales ( ) — Russia , Moscow , Rodina , 2019
Forbidden Love — Russia , Moscow , Rodina , 2020
Testament of Mazepa , Prince of the Holy Roman Empire , revealed in Odessa to the great-great-grandson of Napoleon Bonaparte ( ) — Russia , Moscow , Rodina , 2021
Nonfiction books
Vladimir Jabotinsky , the indomitable Samson ( ) — Israel , Isradon , 2010
Soviet square : Stalin-Khrushchev-Beria-Gorbachev ( ) — Russia , Piter , 2011
Svetlana Alliluyeva . The five lives ( ) — Russia , Phoenix , 2012
Jabotinsky and Ben-Gurion : The Right and Left Poles of Israel ( ) — Russia , Phoenix , 2014
The Death of Stalin : All the Versions - And One More ( ) — Russia , Moscow , Eksmo , Algoritm , 2016
Svetlana Alliluyeva to Pasternak . `` I 've crossed my Rubicon '' ( ” — Russia , Moscow , Algoritm , 2018
Woman and War : From Love to Hate ( ) — Russia , Moscow , Algoritm , 2018
The Death of Stalin . All the Versions And One More ( ) — Russia , Moscow , Eksmo , Rodina , 2021
References
Notes
`` Nontraditional love '' on Amazon Kindle
`` Nontraditional love '' on Amazon
Interview with Rafael Grugman for an Israeli magazine `` We are here '' , in Russian
Interview with Rafael Grugman for an Israeli magazine `` Kol-Ha-Uma '' , in Russian
1948 births
People from Odesa
Living people
20th-century Russian male writers
Russian male novelists
Writers from Odesa
Russian journalists
Soviet engineers
Soviet journalists
Russian male journalists
American writers of Russian descent
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Novosibirsk State Technical University alumni
Beljarica ( ) is a wetland in the Danube valley in Belgrade , the capital of Serbia . Since 2013 it is in the process of becoming protected area . Due to the abundant wildlife and undisturbed nature , though being close to downtown Belgrade , it has been nicknamed `` Belgrade 's Amazonia '' . With Gornje Podunavlje and , both of which are already declared special nature reserves , Beljarica is among the largest flood zones in Serbia .
Location
Beljarica is located northwest of Belgrade , in the southwest corner of the Pančevački Rit marshland and , thus , of the Banat region . It begins from downtown and spawns along the left bank of the Danube , approximately from Danube 's to . It belongs to the municipality of Palilula and , though inhabited , it is administratively divided between the settlements of Borča ( southern ) , Kovilovo ( central ) and Padinska Skela ( northern part ) .
It begins north of the point where the Pupin Bridge crosses the Danube and stretches across several neighborhoods and settlements on the left , Syrmian bank : Nova Galenika , 13 . Maj , Batajnica ( in the municipality of Zemun ) and Novi Banovci ( in the municipality of Stara Pazova ) .
Geography
Beljarica occupies the marshland between the left bank of the Danube and the curved embankment which protects the drained and arable land in Pančevački Rit and is geographically known as the Pančevači Rit 's Cassette ) . Northern section is known as the bog of Široka Bara . It covers an area of and is locally also known as `` Crvenka '' or `` Balaton '' .
As an elongated floodplain along the Danube , Beljarica is a typical green corridor . The area includes two sizable flood zones , Crvenka ( main Beljarica proper ) and Kožara . The marshland represents a mosaic of bogs , streams , islands , oxbows , meanders and lush forests and makes a natural riparian zone which receives the surplus of water during the high water level of the Danube , thus preventing the flooding downstream . It is not preventing flooding only of its direct hinterland ( some Pančevački Rit ) , but also parts of Zemun , New Belgrade and even lowlands upstream the Sava river from its mouth into the Danube .
Natural life
Forest
The belt between the inner and outer embankments , and the river , is planted with the forest trees . The forest acts as an obstacle for the high waters and strong winds , protecting this way the inland settlements ( Borča , Kovilovo , Padinska Skela ) . It forms a sanitary and hygienic belt between the river and the human habitats , while the oxygen production is beneficial even for the settlements across the Danube . The most abundant tree species is the poplar . Poplars have been systematically planted and constantly re-planted as after 20 to 25 years they are being cut for the industrial production . The poplar is known for its fast growth and almost sponge-like absorption qualities , but the water is also absorbed by the humus layer which developed in time on the forest floor . The natural forests are typical gallery forests , consisting of willows and poplars . The cultivated trees are hybridized Canadian poplar .
The area is prone to storms . In 2004 , a powerful storm destroyed thousands of trees . In September 2017 , another storm ravaged of forest . In July 2019 , Beljarica was hit by a heavy storm . A twister was formed which in only several minutes ripped out several thousand trees on an area of . It is estimated that a total of 66,000 m3 of wood was destroyed . The trees destroyed by the storm were planted between 2000 and 2004 .
Wildlife
The wetland is home to 216 plant species , 139 species of insects and 98 species of fish . Beljarica is a major fish spawning and bird nesting area . Of 136 bird species which live in Beljarica , 108 are protected . There are several nesting couples of the largest European eagle , white-tailed eagle , and the black stork also lives in the area . After coming into the public spot , survey of Beljarica increased , so by 2020 , a 166 species of birds were reported , of which 137 are protected . Other birds include ferruginous duck , pygmy cormorant , corn crake and Eurasian bittern .
In October 2021 , a large number of dead swans was spotted in Beljarica , but also in numerous wetlands all over Belgrade ( Zemunski Kej , Vizelj , Kišvara , Jojkićev Dunavac , Čenta , Bela Stena , Ilićev Dunavac ) . It was detected that the culprit was the bird flu H5N8 , which can infect other wild birds and poultry , but is generally not associated with humans .
Mammals in the wetland include otter , wild cat , pine marten and beech marten , but also wild hog , coypu , jackal , badger and hare . There are 62 mammalian species in Beljarica . By August 2021 , naturalists began warning on the possible overpopulation of coypus , non-native invasive species which were probably let into the wild when production on fur farms became too costly . They are especially a threat to the population of beavers , which were extinct in Serbia in the early 1900s , but were successfully reintroduced since 2004 . Calls were made for the plan on controlling the coypu population . By February 2022 , coypus spread into the Sava .
Protection and human interaction
As Serbia is a signatory of the Berne Convention on the Conservation of European Wildlife and Natural Habitats and the Birds Directive , the state is obliged to protect such an abundant bird habitat . In 2010 , the League for the Ornithological Action petitioned for the protection of the area , which was accepted by the City Secretariat for Environment which forwarded it to the Institute for Nature Conversation of Serbia . In 2013 they placed Beljarica in the `` process of becoming a protected area '' , as the nature reserve . That way , Beljarica is considered as being protected until the government decides whether it will declare it a reserve or not . Additionally , with the islands of Great War Island and Little War Island , it constitutes the Important Bird Area of the `` Sava 's mouth into the Danube '' .
In 2015 , with changed both the local and state government , city assembly was to vote on declaring the reserve of the `` Wetland on the Danube 's left bank in Belgrade '' , which was even envisioned as the core of the future `` National Park Belgrade '' but the motion was withdrawn before the vote . By 2020 , Beljarica grew more known to the citizens , becoming more popular recreational area instead of being known only to ecologists and bird watchers . The visitors to the outer parts of the wetland include cyclists , recreational athletes , dog walkers and excursionists ( holidays , picnics , etc . ) .
In June 2021 , the city officially started the procedure of protecting the area under the name of `` Foreland on Danube 's left bank at Belgrade '' , on roughly . Foreland refers to the land area between the embankment and the river , which is not protected from floods . Two levels of protection were suggested , second and third . Second level would include localities Kubici , Crvenka and Kožara , a total of . Activities and interventions to enhance and revitalize the area will be allowed in this section . Third level protection will cover and all potentially harmed activities will be forbidden in the zone . Protected area will span two municipalities , Palilula and Zemun , at the length of in the north-southeast direction . It is bounded by the settlements and neighborhoods of Vrbovski , Kovilovo , Crvenka , Borča and Krnjača ( in the northern direction ) , and by the Danube ( on the south ) .
Belgrade port
After President of the People 's Republic of China Xi Jinping visited Serbia in 2016 , it was announced that the large , new port of Belgrade will be built in the central part of Beljarica . The proposed area of the future port is almost half of the wetland and should cover in its central part . The port was planned for the yearly transport of 3 to 5 million tons . Environmentalists protested stating that the partial urbanization and industrialization will fragment the wetland and that remaining small patches of marsh will not be able to sustain such an abundant wildlife . Petition for the preservation of Beljarica was organized in June 2017 . By 2017 the proposal of the new port was temporarily retracted for additional revisions .
In February 2020 , the government announced construction of the new port . After protests by the ecologists and media , in March 2020 , claiming it is acting upon the petitions from the environmentalists ' groups , Ministry of Construction announced that the new port will not be built in Beljarica , as they `` already dropped the idea '' . Instead , they will use one of the other three proposed locations , one of which is upstream from Beljarica , which is also considered a bad solution by the ecologists . Any accident in the port , or on the river ( oil spills , etc . ) , will pollute Beljarica anyway . Institute for Nature Conversation stated they are in the process of drafting the protection study Foreland of Danube 's Left Bank in Belgrade . The ministry claimed the construction of new port , still on the unknown location , will commence in June 2021 , but in March 2021 it was announced that the plan for the port will be drafted in the next year . Beljarica was excluded as the potential location , but the area upstream remained an option .
In November 2021 city announced that location upstream from Beljarica , and the present Pančevo Port , remain the two possible locations for the planned new port . Construction should start in the mid-2023 , and will include Belgrade Gateway and Belgrade Dry Port facilities . Beljarica location is praised for the closeness to the international roads , but lacking everything else , like the complete absence of primary and access infrastructure , which makes it much bigger investment than Pančevo , estimated at €105 million .
References
Geography of Belgrade
Banat
Wetlands of Serbia
Palilula , Belgrade
`` Get Up '' is the fifth and final single released from the Lost Boyz ' debut album , Legal Drug Money . Clark Kent and Mr . Sex produced the song , which prominently sampled Stephanie Mills ' 1978 hit , `` What Cha ' Gon na Do with My Lovin .
The single peaked at number sixty on the Billboard Hot 100 , like previous Lost Boyz singles , it found its greatest success on the Billboard Hot Rap Singles chart , where it reached number six .
Single track listing
`` Get Up '' - 3:54
`` Get Up '' ( Instrumental ) - 3:47
`` Get Up '' ( Remix ) - 3:54
`` Get Up '' ( Remix Instrumental ) - 4:10
Chart history
Peak positions
Year-End charts
References
1996 singles
Lost Boyz songs
1996 songs
Songs written by James Mtume
Songs written by Reggie Lucas
Uptown Records singles
Songs written by Mr. Cheeks
The Estonian University of Life Sciences ( Estonian : Eesti Maaülikool , EMÜ ) located in Tartu , Estonia , is the former Estonian Agricultural University , which was established in 1951 and renamed and restructured in November 2005 .
Eesti Maaülikool is , by its own claim , the only university in Estonia whose priorities in academic and research activities provide the sustainable development of natural resources necessary for the existence of Man as well as the preservation of heritage and habitat . The EMÜ is a centre of research and development in such fields as agriculture , forestry , animal science , veterinary science , rural life and economy , food science and environmentally friendly technologies . The university is a member of the BOVA university network .
In 2009 , there were 4704 students at EMÜ . There were 983 employees , among them 228 lecturers and 159 researchers and senior researchers .
University is ranked among top 100 universities in the world in the field of agriculture and forestry .
Institutes
Teaching and research is carried out in five institutes :
Institute of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences
Institute of Veterinary Medicine and Animal Sciences
Institute of Forestry and Rural Engineering
Institute of Technology
Institute of Economics and Social Sciences .
History
The roots of EMÜ are in the agricultural and forestry education and research carried out at the University of Tartu . At the opening celebration of the university in 1632 , Johan Skytte , the Swedish chancellor and practical founder of the university , said that wished that `` even the peasants of this country could get their share of the watering springs of educational wealth . '' This statement is taken to be the beginning of agricultural education in Estonia .
After the reopening of Tartu University in 1802 , a Chair of Agriculture was founded under Prof. Johann Wilhelm Krause . Initially agronomy was taught in the Faculty of Philosophy , later in the Faculty of Physics and Mathematics . This school was well known in Europe and Russia . When Tartu opened as an Estonian university in 1919 , a Faculty of Agriculture , consisting of the Departments of Agronomy and Forestry , was founded . Experimental stations and trial plots , where students could undertake research work , also belonged to the faculty . A Faculty of Veterinary Science was founded based on the older Tartu Veterinary Institute . These two faculties formed the core of an independent university in 1951 , the Estonian Agricultural Academy .
The Estonian Agricultural Academy was directly subordinate to the Soviet Union Ministry of Agriculture and prepared specialists in different fields of agriculture from agronomists and animal breeders to experts in the electrification of large farms . Work continued in this way until the end of the 1980s .
After the regaining of Estonian independence in 1991 , the academy was renamed Estonian Agricultural University , and the institution restructured , also according to the radical changes in Estonian agriculture and forestry ( such as the abolishment of kolkhozes and sovkhozes ) . New specialities like Environmental Protection , Landscape Architecture , Production and Marketing of Agricultural Products , Landscape Protection and Preservation , Applied Hydrobiology , Environmental Economics and Natural Resources Management were adopted .
Up to the end of 2004 , the university had six faculties ( Agronomy , Agricultural Engineering , Economics & Social Sciences , Forestry , Rural Engineering , and Veterinary Sciences ) and eight institutes ( Estonian Agribiocentre , Estonian Plant Biotechnology Research Institute EVIKA , Forest Research Institute , Institute of Animal Science , Institute of Environmental Protection , Institute of Experimental Biology , Institute of Zoology and Botany and Polli Institute of Horticulture ) .
However , the EAU was always in a limbo , not least under the influence of Europeanization after Estonia joining the European Union in 2004 . Thus , in the same year the change to Estonian University of Life Sciences and refocusing was carried out , aimed at guaranteeing the institution 's survival in the coming times .
See also
Maaülikool
References
Notes
History of Eesti Maaülikool
External links
Official website
Bova-University Network
Introduction video to Estonian University of Life Sciences YouTube , 2022
Agricultural universities and colleges
Universities and colleges in Estonia
Educational institutions established in 1951
1951 establishments in the Soviet Union
Forestry in Estonia
Universities and institutes established in the Soviet Union
The Pleasure Garden is a short film written and directed by James Broughton in 1953 . Among its crew was Peter Price as sound editor . Cast members included the subsequent director Lindsay Anderson and Broughton 's artistic collaborator Kermit Sheets .
Plot
Filmed among the ruins of the Crystal Palace Terraces , The Pleasure Garden is a poetic ode to desire , and winner of the Prix de Fantasie Poetique at Cannes in 1954 . Made by the American poet James Broughton , the film features Hattie Jacques and Lindsay Anderson , with John Le Mesurier as the bureaucrat determined to stamp out any form of free expression .
Cast
Hattie Jacques as Mrs Albion
Diana Maddox as Bess
Kermit Sheets as Sam
Jean Anderson as Aunt Minerva
John Le Mesurier as Colonel Pall K. Gargoyle
Maxine Audley as Lady Ennui
Derek Hart as Lord Ennui
Jill Bennett as Miss Kellerman
Lindsay Anderson as Michael-Angelico
John Heawood as Mr Nurmi
Hilary Mackendrick as Miss Wheeling
Gladys Spencer as Mrs Jennybelle
Gontron Goulden as Doctor Hemingway
Victoria Grayson as Miss Greaves
Mary Lee Settle as Mme Paganini
Daphne Hunter as Girl in Grass
DVD release
The Pleasure Garden was released on DVD in the UK by the BFI on 15 February 2010 . The release also includes The Phoenix Tower ( UK , 1957 , 39 min . ) , a short documentary charting the construction of the BBC 's Crystal Palace Television Tower , plus a fully illustrated booklet with film notes , an original review and a history of the Crystal Palace .
See also
List of avant-garde films of the 1950s
References
External links
1953 films
American short films
American avant-garde and experimental films
1950s American films
The first elections for the Delhi Metropolitan Council were held in Indian National Capital Territory of Delhi in February 1967 . L. K. Advani of the Bharatiya Jana Sangh was sworn in as the Chairman of the Council .
On 1 November 1956 , under States Reorganisation Act , 1956 , Delhi was converted from a state to a Union Territory . This resulted in the dissolution of the Delhi Legislative Assembly . In September 1966 , with the passing of The Delhi Administration Act , 1966 , the Delhi Metropolitan Council came into being , with 56 elected and five nominated members with the Lt . Governor of Delhi as its head . The Council however had no legislative powers , only an advisory role in the governance of Delhi . This set up functioned until 1990 .
Results
Executive Council members
See also
1967 elections in India
References
Delhi
Elections in Delhi
Local elections in Delhi
Autonomous district council elections in India
1960s in Delhi
Austroliotia is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Liotiidae .
Description
Distribution
They can be found under stones in the intertidal zone of the temperate coastal waters of Australia and Tasmania .
Species
According to the Indo-Pacific Molluscan Database , the genus Austroliotia consists of the following species with names in current use
Austroliotia australis ( Kiener , 1839 )
Austroliotia botanica ( Hedley , 1915 )
Austroliotia darwinensis ( Laseron , 1958 )
Austroliotia densilineata ( Tate , 1899 )
Austroliotia pulcherrima ( Reeve , 1843 )
Austroliotia scalaris ( Hedley , 1903 )
Species brought into synonymy
Austroliotia saxa ( Laseron , 1954 ) : synonym of Austroliotia scalaris ( Hedley , 1903 )
References
Wilson , B. , 1993 . Australian Marine Shells . Prosobranch Gastropods Pt I. Odyssey Publishing , Leederville , W.A
Liotiidae
Swan Creek is a long 2nd order tributary to the Mispillion River in Kent County , Delaware .
Course
Swan Creek is formed at the outlet of Tubmill Pond about 0.5 miles south of Lynch Heights , Delaware . Swan Creek then flows east to meet the Mispillion River at New Wharf , Delaware .
Watershed
Swan Creek drains of area , receives about 45.7 in/year of precipitation , has a topographic wetness index of 555.50 and is about 8.8 % forested .
See also
List of Delaware rivers
Maps
References
Rivers of Delaware
Rivers of Kent County , Delaware
The Night We Never Met is a 1993 American romantic comedy film directed by Warren Leight . The film stars Matthew Broderick , Annabella Sciorra and Kevin Anderson .
Plot summary
Upset with their current living arrangements , Sam rotates occupancy of a flat with slob Brian and painter Ellen . Each of them get the apartment to themselves two days each week . Sam and Ellen never see each other , they just leave notes . When Sam and Brian swap their schedules without telling Ellen , they mistakenly believe Brian is the one she 's falling in love with .
Cast
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes , a review aggregator , reports that 56 % of nine surveyed critics gave the film a positive review ; the average rating is 4.8/10 . Lawrence Cohn of Variety wrote , `` A quintessential New York movie , The Night We Never Met takes a novel premise and develops it in fits and starts . '' Janet Maslin of The New York Times wrote , `` The Night We Never Met is never lifelike enough to evoke the madly romantic New York atmosphere it seems to be after . The actors try hard , but they are hamstrung by too many broad strokes and silly inconsistencies . ''
References
External links
1993 films
1993 romantic comedy films
American independent films
American romantic comedy films
1990s English-language films
1993 independent films
1990s American films
Real Vicenza V.S . is an Italian football club based in Vicenza , Veneto region . The club concentrated in youth football since the 2015–16 season .
History
Foundation
The club was founded in 2010 after the merger of the teams Leodari Sole , Cavazzale and Real Vicenza-Laghetto .
Serie D
At the end of the 2011–12 season the team was promoted from Eccellenza Veneto/A to Serie D after playoffs .
Lega Pro
After only one season in the Girone C of the Serie D league , ended in fifth place , Real Vicenza opted to apply for repechage to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione , the bottom level of Italian professional football , to fill any potential vacancies . The application was accepted on 5 August 2013 , and Real Vicenza was successfully admitted into Lega Pro Seconda Divisione , with only one tier behind historical main local club Vicenza Calcio ( who were relegated to Lega Pro Prima Divisione on the same season ) . In the 2013–14 season , a transitional one from a two-tier to a single-tier Lega Pro system , Real Vicenza managed to ensure a place for the inaugural season of the unified third division , the 2014–15 Lega Pro .
Colours and badge
The team 's colours are white and red .
Honours
Coppa Italia Veneto :
Winner ( 1 ) : 2011–12
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in Italy
Association football clubs established in 2010
Serie C clubs
Sport in Vicenza
Companies based in Vicenza
Football clubs in Veneto
2010 establishments in Italy
The 8th Canadian Comedy Awards , presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence ( CCFE ) , honoured the best live , television , and film comedy of 2006 and was held on 12 October 2007 in London , Ontario . The ceremony was hosted by Ryan Belleville .
Canadian Comedy Awards , also known as Beavers , were awarded in 20 categories . Winners were picked by members of ACTRA ( Alliance of Canadian Cinema , Television and Radio Artists ) , the Canadian Actors ' Equity Association , the Writers Guild of Canada , the Directors Guild of Canada , and the Comedy Association . The ceremony was held during the five-day Canadian Comedy Awards Festival which showcased performances by the nominees and other artists . Two variety specials were taped and broadcast by The Comedy Network .
TV series Corner Gas led with six nominations followed by Royal Canadian Air Farce with five , the film Bon Cop , Bad Cop and Alan Park with four . Bon Cop , Bad Cop received the most Beavers with , followed by Corner Gas , Rent-A-Goalie , and Alan Park with two each .
Festival
The 8th Canadian Comedy Awards and Festival ran from 9 to 13 October 2007 in London , Ontario , its fifth and final year in the city . Each day featured talent showcases by local comics , nominees and other visiting performers .
Two variety specials taped at the festival were aired on The Comedy Network . The Doo Wops – John Catucci and David Mesiano – were nominated for a Gemini Award for Best Ensemble Performance in a Comedy Program for Canadian Comedy Awards 2007 : Best of the Fest .
Ceremony
The 8th Canadian Comedy Awards ceremony was held on 12 October 2007 , hosted by Ryan Belleville . Beavers were awarded in 20 categories covering live performance , television and film .
Winners and nominees
Winners were voted on by members of ACTRA ( Alliance of Canadian Cinema , Television and Radio Artists ) , the Canadian Actors ' Equity Association , the Writers Guild of Canada , the Directors Guild of Canada , and the Comedy Association .
Nominees , chosen by juries , were announced on 25 July 2007 . Voting was open from 15 August to 15 September . Nominees must have been Canadian , or been born in Canada or landed immigrants , or have done the bulk of their work in Canada .
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface :
Live
Television
Film
Special Awards
Most wins
The following people , shows , films , etc . received multiple awards
Most nominations
The following people , shows , films , etc . received multiple nominations .
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
Vincenzo La Russa ( 10 July 1938 – 21 November 2021 ) was an Italian politician . A member of the Christian Democracy party and the Christian Democratic Centre , they served in the Senate of the Republic from 1979 to 1983 and again from 1994 to 1996 as well as the Chamber of Deputies from 1983 to 1987 .
References
1938 births
2021 deaths
Italian politicians
People from Paternò
Christian Democracy ( Italy ) politicians
Christian Democratic Centre politicians
Deputies of Legislature IX of Italy
Senators of Legislature VIII of Italy
Senators of Legislature XII of Italy
Schwarzenburg Castle ( ) is a castle in the municipality of Schwarzenburg of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
The castle was built in 1573–76 to replace the increasingly expensive to maintain Grasburg Castle . From the beginning it was built as an administrative center for the Grasburg district and as a home for the governor . Grasburg was a shared condominium between the Cantons of Bern and Fribourg so the governor was appointed by each Canton in turn . Following the 1798 French invasion , Schwarzenburg Castle and the district became part of Bern permanently . The castle remained the administrative center of the Schwarzenburg District until the District was dissolved in 2010 as part of a major reorganization in the Canton . The castle was no longer needed and was one of twelve that the Canton offered for sale . It was the first of that group that sold , when the Canton accepted the offer of the Schwarzenburg Castle foundation ( Stiftung Schloss Schwarzenburg ) before the reorganization was complete . Today the castle is used for art exhibits and can be rented for celebrations and meetings .
Construction
The castle was built as an administrative center and manor house rather than as a pure defensive structure . The main building is a three-story rectangular building with a half-hipped roof . An octagonal staircase tower topped with a pointed roof links the levels together . An enclosed courtyard links the main building to a gatehouse and the granary . However , the walls , towers and gatehouse were built to make it into an impressive government building , not for defensive purposes . Many of the rooms still feature the original coffered ceilings from 1575 . The main entrance moved to the north side in the 18th century . The new entrance was decorated in the Louis XVI style and a fountain topped with an obelisk . The attached granary was rebuilt in the mid-18th century and again in 1983 .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Jedan dan života ( ; ) is a collaborative maxi single by Yugoslav singers Lepa Brena and Miroslav Ilić . It was released 27 May 1985 through the record label PGP-RTB . Both `` Jedan dan života '' and `` Živela Jugoslavija '' topped the national music charts .
On 19 November 2010 , Serbian tabloid SvetPlus chose `` Jedan dan života '' as the `` Hit Song of the Day '' .
Background
For the cooperation of Lepa Brena and Miroslav Ilić , the most important is Brena 's manager Raka Đokić , who at that time became manager and Miroslav Ilić . All songs from the album became big hits . In the summer of 1985 , Brena and Miroslav started together on a stadium tour in Yugoslavia , in order to promote their album .
The album was sold in 800,000 copies .
Track listing
Personnel
Production and recording
Mića Đordević – supervisor
Dragan Vukićević – engineering
Stanko Terzić – editing
Crew
Ivan Ćulum – design
Ivan Mojašević – photography
Release history
References
1985 albums
Lepa Brena albums
PGP-RTB albums
Serbo-Croatian language albums
Simon Robert Naali ( March 9 , 1966 – August 13 , 1994 ) was a Tanzanian marathon runner .
They finished eleventh at the 1993 World Championships in 2:19:30 hours . In addition they won the bronze medal at the 1990 Commonwealth Games . They competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics , where they did n't finish the race . They died in 1994 , aged 28 in Moshi , Kilimanjaro , while recovering from injuries suffered in a hit-and-run accident in Tanzania .
Achievements
References
External links
sports-reference
1966 births
1994 deaths
Tanzanian male marathon runners
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Tanzania
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Tanzania
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Road incident deaths in Tanzania
Tanzanian male long-distance runners
Jerlun is a federal constituency in Kubang Pasu District , Kedah , Malaysia , that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1995 .
The federal constituency was created in the 1994 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system .
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018 , the Jerlun constituency is divided into 35 polling districts .
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Kedah federal constituencies
Cincinnati magazine is a monthly lifestyle magazine concerning life in and about Cincinnati , Ohio . It was created by the Greater Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce in 1967 . It was then purchased by CM Media in 1981 . By 1997 , the magazine had a circulation of some 30,000 and was acquired by Emmis Communications . During the early-mid-2000s , the magazine prospered , doubling both circulation and revenues and moving its facilities to Cincinnati 's tallest building , Carew Tower . It was purchased by Detroit-based Hour Media in 2017 . It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association ( CRMA ) .
Notable people
Kathy Y. Wilson
References
External links
Official website
1967 establishments in Ohio
Lifestyle magazines published in the United States
Local interest magazines published in the United States
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1967
Magazines published in Cincinnati
The far-right in Germany slowly reorganised itself after the fall of Nazi Germany and the dissolution of the Nazi Party in 1945 . Denazification was carried out in Germany from 1945 to 1951 by the Allied forces of World War II , with an attempt of eliminating Nazism from the country . However , various far-right parties emerged post-war , with varying success . Most parties only lasted a few years before either dissolving or being banned , and explicitly far-right parties have never gained seats in the Bundestag ( Germany 's federal parliament ) post-WWII . The closest was the hard-right Deutsche Rechtspartei ( German Right Party ) , which attracted former Nazis and won five seats in the 1949 West German federal election and held these seats for four years , before losing them in the 1953 West German federal election . This was until the election of Alternative for Germany representatives to the Bundestag in 2017 .
The National Democratic Party of Germany ( NPD ) , founded in 1964 , is the only national neo-Nazi political party remaining in Germany . The party won their first state representatives in the 2004 Saxony state election , then in the 2006 Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state election , and a seat in the 2014 European Parliament election . However , the party lost its last remaining seat at any level in the 2019 European Parliament election .
Definition
`` Far-right '' is synonymous with the term `` extreme right '' , or literally `` right-extremist '' ( the German term used by the German intelligence service , the Verfassungsschutz ) , according to which neo-Nazism is a subclass , with its historical orientation at Nazism .
West Germany ( 1945–1990 )
In 1946 the Deutsche Rechtspartei was founded and in 1950 succeeded by the Deutsche Reichspartei . As the allied occupation of Germany ended in 1949 a number of new far-right parties emerged : The Socialist Reich Party , founded in 1949 , the German Social Union ( West Germany ) , the Free German Workers ' Party , Nationalist Front and National Offensive .
In 1964 , the National Democratic Party of Germany was founded , which continues to the present day .
Defunct parties
Deutsche Rechtspartei ( 1946–1950 )
Socialist Reich Party ( 1949–1952 ) banned
Deutsche Reichspartei ( 1950–1964 )
German Social Union ( 1956–1962 )
Free German Workers ' Party ( 1979–1995 )
Nationalist Front ( 1985–1992 ) banned
German Alternative ( 1989–1992 ) banned
National Offensive ( 1990–1992 ) banned
East Germany ( 1945–1990 )
East Germany ( GDR ) was founded under a different pretext than West Germany . As a socialist state , it was based on the idea that fascism was an extreme form of capitalism . Thus , it understood itself as an anti-fascist state ( Article 6 of the GDR constitution ) and anti-fascist and anti-colonialist education played an important role in schools and in ideological training at universities . In contrast to West Germany , organizations of the Nazi regime had always been condemned and their crimes openly discussed as part of the official state doctrine in the GDR . Thus , in the GDR , there was no room for a movement similar to the 1968 movement in West Germany , and GDR opposition groups did not see the topic as a major issue . Open right-wing radicalism was relatively weak until the 1980s . Later , smaller extremist groups formed ( e.g . those associated with football violence ) . The government attempted to address the issue , but at the same time had ideological reasons not to do so openly as it conflicted with the self-image of a socialist society .
Germany ( since 1990 )
In 1991 , one year after German reunification , German neo-Nazis attacked accommodations for refugees and migrant workers in Hoyerswerda ( Hoyerswerda riots ) , Schwedt , Eberswalde , Eisenhüttenstadt and Elsterwerda , and in 1992 , xenophobic riots broke out in Rostock-Lichtenhagen . Neo-Nazis were involved in the murders of three Turkish girls in a 1992 arson attack in Mölln ( Schleswig-Holstein ) , in which nine other people were injured .
German statistics show that in 1991 , there were 849 hate crimes , and in 1992 there were 1,485 concentrated in the eastern Bundesländer . After 1992 , the numbers decreased , although they rose sharply in subsequent years . In four decades of the former East Germany , 17 people were murdered by far right groups .
A 1993 arson attack by far-right skinheads on the house of a Turkish family in Solingen resulted in the deaths of two women and three girls , as well as in severe injuries for seven other people . In the aftermath , anti-racist protests precipitated massive neo-Nazi counter-demonstrations and violent clashes between neo-Nazis and anti-fascists .
In 1995 , the fiftieth anniversary of the Bombing of Dresden in World War II , a radical left group , the Anti-Germans ( political current ) started an annual rally praising the bombing on the grounds that so many of the city 's civilians had supported Nazism . Beginning in the late 1990s and early 2000s , Neo-Nazis started holding demonstrations on the same date . In 2009 , the Junge Landsmannschaft Ostdeutschland youth group of the NPD organised a march but surrounded by police officers , the 6,000 neo-Nazis were not allowed to leave their meeting point . At the same time , some 15,000 people with white roses assembled in the streets holding hands to demonstrate against Nazism , and to create an alternative “ memorial day ” of war victims .
In 2004 , the National Democratic Party of Germany won 9.2 % in the Saxony state election , 2004 , and 1.6 % of the nationwide vote in the German federal election , 2005 . In the Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state election , 2006 the NPD received 7.3 % of the vote and thus also state representation . In 2004 , the NPD had 5,300 registered party members . Over the course of 2006 , the NPD processed roughly 1,000 party applications which put the total membership at 7,000 . The DVU has 8,500 members .
In 2007 , the Verfassungsschutz ( Federal German intelligence ) estimated the number of potentially right extremist individuals in Germany was 31,000 of which about 10,000 were classified as potentially violent ( gewaltbereit ) .
In 2008 , unknown perpetrators smashed cars with Polish registrations and breaking windows in Löcknitz , a German town near the Polish city Szczecin , where about 200 Poles live . Supporters of the NPD party were suspected to be behind anti-Polish incidents , per Gazeta Wyborcza .
In 2011 , the National Socialist Underground was finally exposed in being behind the murders of 10 people of Turkish origins between 2000 and 2007 .
In 2011 , Federal German intelligence reported 25,000 right-wing extremists , including 5,600 neo-Nazis . In the same report , 15,905 crimes committed in 2010 were classified as far-right motivated , compared to 18,750 in 2009 ; these crimes included 762 acts of violence in 2010 compared to 891 in 2009 . While the overall numbers had declined , the Verfassungsschutz indicated that both the number of neo-Nazis and the potential for violent acts have increased , especially among the growing number of Autonome Nationalisten ( `` Independent Nationalists '' ) who gradually replace the declining number of Nazi Skinheads .
In the 2014 European Parliament election , the NPD won their first ever seat in the European Parliament with 1 % of the vote . Jamel , Germany is a village known to be heavily populated with neo-Nazis .
According to interior ministry figures reported in May 2019 , of an estimated 24,000 far-right extremists in the country , 12,700 Germans are inclined towards violence . Extremists belonging to Der Dritte Weg ( the third way ) marched through a town in Saxony on 1 May , the day before the Jewish remembrance of the Holocaust , carrying flags and a banner saying `` Social justice instead of criminal foreigners '' . In 2020 , Deutsches Reichsbräu beer with neo-Nazi imagery was sold in Bad Bibra on Holocaust Memorial Day .
In October 2019 , the city council of Dresden passed a motion declaring a `` Nazi emergency '' , signalling that there is a serious problem with the far right in the city .
In February 2020 , following an observation of a conspiratorial meeting of a dozen right-wing extremists , those involved were arrested after agreeing to launch attacks on mosques in Germany to trigger a civil war .
The National Democratic Party ( NPD ) in Germany has made efforts to be incorporated into the environmental movement in an effort to attract new members amongst the younger generations . They have published conservation magazines including Umwelt und Aktiv ( Environment and Active ) . This magazine and others of its kind incorporate both environmentalism and tips as well as far-right propaganda and rhetoric . It 's argued by an anonymous member of the Centre for Democratic Culture that this endeavor is in part a rebranding of the NPD . They argue that the party is attempting to become associated with environmentalism and not politics .
Legal issues
German law forbids the production and exhibitionist movement of pro-Nazi materials . However , Nazi paraphernalia has been smuggled into the country for decades . Neo-Nazi rock bands such as Landser have been outlawed in Germany , yet bootleg copies of their albums printed in the United States and other countries are still sold in the country . German neo-Nazi websites mostly depend on Internet servers in the US and Canada . They often use symbols that are reminiscent of the swastika , and adopt other symbols used by the Nazis , such as the sun cross , wolf 's hook and black sun .
Neo-Nazi groups active in Germany which have attracted government attention include Volkssozialistische Bewegung Deutschlands/Partei der Arbeit banned in 1982 , Action Front of National Socialists/National Activists banned in 1983 , the Nationalist Front banned in 1992 , the Free German Workers ' Party , the German Alternative and National Offensive . German Interior Minister Wolfgang Schäuble condemned the Homeland-Faithful German Youth , accusing it of teaching children that anti-immigrant racism and anti-Semitism are acceptable . Homeland-Faithful German Youth claimed that it was centred primarily on `` environment , community and homeland '' , but it has been argued to have links to the National Democratic Party ( NPD ) .
Historian Walter Laqueur wrote in 1996 that the far right NPD can not be classified as neo-Nazi . In 2004 , NPD received 9.1 % of the vote in the parliamentary elections for Saxony , thus earning the right to seat state parliament members . The other parties refused to enter discussions with the NPD . In the 2006 parliamentary elections for Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania , the NPD received 7.3 % of the vote and six seats in the state parliament . On March 13 , 2008 , NPD leader Udo Voigt was charged with Volksverhetzung ( `` incitement to hatred '' , a crime under the German criminal law ) , for distributing racially charged pamphlets referring to German footballer Patrick Owomoyela , whose father is Nigerian . In 2009 , Voigt was given a seven-month suspended sentence and ordered to donate 2,000 euros to UNICEF .
See also
Neo-Nazism
Neo-Nazism in Germany
Reichsbürger movement
Right-wing terrorism in Germany
Strafgesetzbuch § 86a
Terrorism in Germany
References
Further reading
Ahmed , Reem , and Daniela Pisoiu . `` Uniting the far right : how the far-right extremist , New Right , and populist frames overlap on Twitter–-a German case study . '' European Societies ( 2020 ) : 1-23 online .
Bitzan , Renate . `` Research on gender and the far right in Germany since 1990 : Developments , findings , and future prospects . '' in Gender and far right politics in Europe ( Palgrave Macmillan , Cham , 2017 ) pp . 65–78 online .
Bogerts , Lisa , and Maik Fielitz . `` 'Do You Want Meme War ? ' : Understanding the Visual Memes of the German Far Right . '' Digital Culture & Society 1 # 1 ( 2019 ) : 137–153 . online
Hardy , Keiran . `` Countering right-wing extremism : Lessons from Germany and Norway . '' Journal of policing , intelligence and counterterrorism 14.3 ( 2019 ) : 262–279 .
Harvey , Elizabeth . `` Visions of the volk : German women and the far right from Kaiserreich to Third Reich . '' Journal of women 's History 16.3 ( 2004 ) : 152-167 online .
Koehler , Daniel . Right-wing terrorism in the 21st century : The ‘ National Socialist Underground ' and the history of terror from the far-right in Germany ( Taylor & Francis , 2016 ) . excerpt
Macklin , Graham . `` Transnational networking on the far right : The case of Britain and Germany . '' West European Politics 36.1 ( 2013 ) : 176–198 .
Manthe , Barbara . `` On the pathway to violence : West German right-wing terrorism in the 1970s . '' Terrorism and Political Violence 33.1 ( 2021 ) : 49–70 . https : //doi.org/10.1080/09546553.2018.152070
Minkenberg , Michael . `` German unification and the continuity of discontinuities : Cultural change and the far right in east and west . '' German Politics 3.2 ( 1994 ) : 169–192 .
Miller-Idriss , Cynthia . Extreme Gone Mainstream : Commercialization and Far Right Youth Culture in Germany ( Princeton UP , 2018 ) excerpt
Miller-Idriss , Cynthia . `` Soldier , sailor , rebel , rule-breaker : masculinity and the body in the German far right . '' Gender and Education 29.2 ( 2017 ) : 199–215 .
Rädel , Jonas . `` Two Paradigmatic Views on Right-Wing Populism in East Germany . '' German Politics and Society 37.4 ( 2019 ) : 29-42
Rauchfleisch , Adrian , and Jonas Kaiser . `` The German Far-Right on YouTube : An analysis of user overlap and user comments . '' Journal of Broadcasting & Electronic Media 64.3 ( 2020 ) : 373–396 . online
Virchow , Fabian . `` Performance , emotion , and ideology : On the creation of “ collectives of emotion ” and worldview in the contemporary German far right . '' Journal of Contemporary Ethnography 36.2 ( 2007 ) : 147–164 .
Political movements in Germany
Far-right politics in Europe
Germany
Racism in Germany
Legacy of EAGLES is an adventure published by Games Workshop in 1984 for the superhero role-playing game Golden Heroes .
Plot summary
Many years ago , all of the superheroes of the Extraordinary Association of Government Law Enforcers ( EAGLES ) suddenly went missing except for one , who appeared in the middle of London and went berserk . They have been raving mad since then , and held in an asylum . Now the next generation of superheroes ( the players ) are called upon to step up when they learn that a team of supervillains plans to kidnap the insane EAGLE as they are transferred to another asylum .
Publication history
Legacy of EAGLES was written by Simon Burley , with a cover by Brian Bolland , and interior art by Kevin Hopgood . It was published in 1984 by Games Workshop as a 24-page book with two color maps , character cards , and cardstock miniatures .
Reception
In the August 1985 edition of White Dwarf ( Issue # 68 ) , Marcus L. Rowland gave a generally positive review , saying , `` I played in this scenario before reading it , and found it very enjoyable . However , the format does seem to emphasise combat rather than detection or role-playing , a common flaw of most superhero scenarios . My other main reservation was the price , which makes Legacy more expensive than some US imports . '' Rowland concluded by giving it an excellent overall rating of 9 out of 10 .
In the September 1985 edition of Imagine ( Issue # 30 ) , Pete Tamlyn liked that `` almost everything you need is provided , including beautifully produced map-sheets , fold-together cardboard figures and quick reference cards for each major villain . '' Tamlyn also complimented the design of the adventure for helping new groups of players to get going , and thought that `` most of the plot is very good , the NPCs are decidely non-cardboard , and the player-characters can not win on brawn alone . '' However , Tamlyn did n't like the final encounter , saying that it `` is handled poorly , leaving [ the players ] feeling that they had no party in the victory . '' They concluded though , that it was `` a very encouraging product . ''
References
Superhero role-playing game adventures
Baoqing may refer to :
Baoqing Prefecture , former name of Shaoyang , Hunan , China
Baoqing era ( 1225–1227 ) , an era name of Emperor Lizong of Song , after which the prefecture was named
Baoqing County , Heilongjiang , China
Baoqing Town , the seat of Baoqing County
Amyntor ( ) may refer to :
In Greek mythology :
Amyntor ( son of Ormenus ) , a mythological king , who was the father of Phoenix , the tutor and companion of Achilles .
Amyntor ( son of Aegyptus ) , killed by their wife Damone , one of the Danaïdes .
Amyntor ( son of Phrastor ) , father of Teutamides and grandfather of Nanas .
People :
Amyntor ( Macedonian ) , a 4th-century Macedonian aristocrat and the father of Hephaestion , the general and companion of Alexander the Great
Gerhard von Amyntor , the pen name of the 19th-century German poet Dagobert von Gerhardt
In biology
Ceratomia amyntor , the elm sphinx or four-horned sphinx , a North American moth in the family Sphingidae .
Cyanophrys amyntor , or the Amyntor greenstreak , a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae
Papilio amyntor , a synonym for the butterfly species Artipe eryx
In the arts :
Amyntor , or a Defence of Milton 's Life , a 1699 book by the Irish rationalist philosopher John Toland
Amyntor and Theodora a 1747 play by the Scottish dramatist David Mallet
`` Amyntor '' , a 1795 song by the English composer Raynor Taylor
Amyntor , a character in the 1948 historical novel The King Must Die , by Mary Renault , about the ancient Greek hero Theseus .
Ulyanenko or Ulianenko ( Ukrainian or Russian : Ульяненко ) is a Ukraninan surname . Notable people with the name include :
Nina Ulyanenko ( 1923–2005 ) , Soviet fighter pilot , Hero of the Soviet Union
Oles Ulianenko ( 1962–2010 ) , Ukrainian writer
Ukrainian-language surnames
The 1968 Enfield Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Enfield London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Walter Kloepping Klaus ( April 19 , 1912–November 11 , 2012 ) was an American politician and farmer .
Klaus was born in Empire Township , Dakota County , Minnesota . They graduated from Farmington High School in Farmington , Minnesota and from Hamline University . Klaus also studied at University of Minnesota . They were a farmer and lived in Farmington , Minnesota . Klaus served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1957 to 1974 and was a Republican . Klaus died in Farmington , Minnesota .
Notes
1912 births
2012 deaths
People from Farmington , Minnesota
Hamline University alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
Farmers from Minnesota
Minnesota Republicans
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
American centenarians
Men centenarians
Home and Away is an Australian television soap opera . It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988 . The following is a list of characters that first appeared in Home and Away in 1991 , by order of first appearance . They were all introduced by the show 's executive producer Des Monaghan . The 4th season of Home and Away began airing on the Seven Network on 7 January 1991 . The first introduction of the year was Josh Webb in February . Bruce Roberts began appearing as Nick Parrish in March . The following month , Ryan Clark made their debut as Sam Nicholls as did Naomi Watts as Revhead 's sister Julie Gibson . Dee Smart began playing Lucinda Croft in June . Them brother David , played by Guy Pearce appeared from July . Alistair MacDougall arrived as Ryan Lee in August . In September , Tina Thomsen , Ross Newton , and Richard Norton joined the cast as Finlay Roberts , Greg Marshall and Simon Fitzgerald , respectively . Finlay 's mother , Irene Roberts made their debut in October , followed by their son Damian , played by Matt Doran in November .
Josh Webb
Josh Webb , played by Erik Mitsak , debuted on-screen during the episode broadcast 7 February 1991 and departed on 7 January 1992 . In The Official Home and Away Annual John Kercher said that the character is `` about as bad as they come '' . But Josh is `` fortunate to have the type of angelic looks that make people forgive him '' . They have a backstory featuring a life of crime - stealing vehicles and making money by any means possible . Josh is a `` rapid talker and very street wise '' which meant that they could always outsmart the law . Josh had always used their mother Gerry ( Julie Godfrey ) because they knew how to `` wrap them around their little finger '' . They love them but creates a pretence for them and `` frequently lies '' to get what they want . They do not want them to leave her , so they believe anything that they say . But this leaves Josh free to take advantage of the predicament .
Josh is Rachel Webb 's ( Beth Champion ) older brother . They befriend their boyfriend Blake Dean ( Les Hill ) and invites him , their sister Karen ( Belinda Jarrett ) and their friends Haydn Ross ( Andrew Hill ) and Sophie Simpson ( Rebekah Elmaloglou ) to a party at their place . The party turns into a drugs bust when Sgt . Chris Hale ( John Meillon Jr. ) arrives . When Josh learns of Blake and Rachel 's romance , they hit Blake .
Adam Cameron ( Mat Stevenson ) acts as a decoy to date Rachel but Josh sees through this plan and attacks Blake at the Bayside diner the next day , prompting Adam to intervene and punch Josh . As a measure of revenge , Josh frames Adam for the theft of Summer Bay High 's raffle money . However , they are later exposed as the real culprit and jailed .
After being released , Josh puts on an act of having changed their ways and invites Blake and Adam on a camping trip but little do they know they are planning to kill them both . Blake and Adam quickly realise what Josh is up to and foil their murder attempt and they are arrested and sent back to prison .
Nick Parrish
Nick Parrish , played by Bruce Roberts debuted on screen during the episode airing on 4 March 1991 . Roberts received the role of Nick a day after they left drama school . They quit the serial in 1994 to relocate to the UK to be with their girlfriend , Suzanne Dando . An unstamped fan letter for Roberts from a woman in the United Kingdom named `` Kate ''
was delivered to the Network Seven studios . Roberts said that they received plenty of fan mail from the UK , but they had never had one like Kate 's letter . The letter simply read `` Dear Nick , We will be married next week , Kate . ''
Sam Marshall
Sam Marshall , played by Ryan Clark debuted on screen during the episode airing on 3 April 1991 . Clark was seven years old when they secured the role of Sam in 1991 . They were only allowed to film Home and Away for three days a week , so they could attend school during the remaining days . Clark was provided with a tutor on set so they could keep up with their schoolwork . They left the serial in 2000 in order to pursue another career path . Clark reprised the role in 2005 alongside several past cast members to celebrate the serial 's 4000th episode . Glenn Wheeler of The Morning Show opined that Sam formed a part of one of Australian television 's `` much loved families '' for a decade . Sam was popular with the teenage female demographic , who would tune into the show daily to watch the character . MSN online 's columnist opined that Clark played `` one of Australia 's very own '90s teen heartthrobs ''
Julie Gibson
Julie Gibson , played by Naomi Watts
made their first appearance on 23 April 1991 and departed on 30 May 1991 .
Julie 's storyline involves them beginning a relationship with Nick Parrish ( Bruce Roberts ) . However , when their brother Revhead ( Gavin Harrison ) learns of their romance they are not happy . As Tom Etherington from TV Week reported , Revhead `` did n't do anything by the book '' and `` his head nearly exploded '' because Nick is a police officer . They `` tried their best '' to separate the pair but they separated end the relationship on their own terms . Etherington added that `` it became obvious they were better suited to being just good friends '' . Watts later described the experience as `` six miserable weeks '' .
Julie is in a wheelchair owing to a car accident that left them paralysed when they were younger . They date Nick which annoys Revhead , who is overprotective of Julie and schemes to split them up . Following their father , Alec 's ( David Baldwyn ) death of a heart attack , Julie is distraught when Nick splits up with them They decide to leave the bay to attend university in the city which upsets Revhead , who feels Julie will struggle but assures them they can make it on their own and leaves .
Lucinda Croft
Lucinda `` Lou '' Croft , played by Dee Smart , debuted on screen on 13 June 1991 and departed in 1992 . Smart had been studying drama in Sydney for three years when they secured the role of Lucinda . It was Smart 's first ever acting role . and they signed a contract to remain with the series for two years . However , Smart quit after 8 months into their contract .
Mary Fletcher of Inside Soap said that Smart helped make Lucinda one of Home and Away 's most popular characters .
David Croft
David Croft , played by Guy Pearce , made their first on-screen appearance on 19 July 1991 . Pearce began filming in May 1991 and David introduced as the nephew of Donald Fisher ( Norman Coburn ) and brother to Lucinda ( Dee Smart ) . David made their last appearance on 21 August 1991 .
Pearce 's role with the serial lasted just six weeks . In The official Home and Away Annual John Kercher explained David arrives to see their `` estranged '' sister Lucinda because they want to attempt to `` patch things up '' with them But they soon finds a new reason to stay in the form of Sophie Simpson ( Rebekah Elmaloglou ) . Pearce told Kercher that `` it all starts by Sophie having a crush on me [ David ] , they decide that i 'm too old , but then we do get together and that 's where the trouble starts ... ''
David arrives in Summer Bay to visit their uncle , Donald and meets their estranged sister Lucinda who is frosty with them due to a falling out they had when they were younger due to David 's investment idea failing and resulting in their parents losing their home . Donald plays referee between the two siblings and they later reconcile . Sophie is attracted to David and they feel the same way about them They begin a relationship but it is revealed and Donald and Sophie 's foster parents Michael ( Dennis Coard ) and Pippa Ross ( Debra Lawrence ) express their disapproval with the relationship as David is much older than Sophie . Pippa then makes a deal with Sophie , If they still feel the same about David after two weeks away at Pippa 's mother , Coral King 's ( Jessica Noad ) house , They and Michael will leave the couple alone . David decides to leave on a trip of their own too but they and Sophie agree to meet up when they return . The couple part after Sophie gives David a taped message to play .
That night , David sets off in their car on Yabbie Creek road , listening to the tape . Karen Dean ( Belinda Jarrett ) and Adam Cameron ( Mat Stevenson ) arrive in an oncoming car and there is a head-on collision which David tries to avoid but they are killed instantly . When Sophie returns from Coral 's , they are devastated to learn of David 's death and is shocked to learn Karen is responsible . They are initially angry at Pippa and Michael for sending them away but calms down . Sophie then discovers they are pregnant with David 's baby and later gives birth to a daughter , Tamara ( Emily and Chloe Hutton ) . Sophie then moves to Perth near David 's mother Mary ( Jan Kingsbury ) . Sophie has another child in 2003 and names them after David .
Barbara Toner , a writer for the Sydney Morning Herald expressed their disappointment in David 's storyline with Sophie . They opined : `` Guy Pearce , fresh from their film career , has turned up as a nasty , but their storyline was even less fascinating than whatever is going on between hard man-on-the-run Revhead and personality girl Karen . Theirs could have been a goer but they seem to have underlined the wrong words on their scripts so I 'm afraid I gave up on them . ''
Channel 5 chose the episode where David is killed in a car crash with Adam Cameron and Karen Dean as one of their `` favourite ever Home and Away episodes '' .
Ryan Lee
Ryan Lee , portrayed by Alistair MacDougall , made their first on-screen appearance on 22 August 1991 and made their last appearance on 27 November 1992 . After MacDougall 's departure they told Josephine Monroe from Inside Soap that because they loved playing Ryan , they would go back for a cameo appearance as long as the scriptwriters made their character bad . and added `` I would have stayed longer before if the scripts had been good enough . '' Another Inside Soap writer branded Ryan a `` rich , ratbag '' .
Finlay Roberts
Finlay Roberts , played by Tina Thomsen , made their first appearance on 18 September 1991 and remained in the serial until 1994 . Thomsen returned to guest star in 1996 and 1997 .
Thomsen was still a teenager when they relocated from Brisbane to Sydney with their family after winning the role of Finlay . In an interview with Jenna Price of the Sydney Morning Herald , Thomsen described their parents as not pushy and said `` It 's me who did the pushing ... my parents just supported me . ''
Greg Marshall
Greg Marshall , portrayed by Ross Newton , made their first on-screen appearance on 20 September 1991 . Newton departed the show in 1993 , before making a brief return in 2000 . Newton told Glenn Wheeler of The Morning Show that joining the cast of Home and Away `` was a wonderful opportunity because it was in its early stages of being a success story as a show '' . Wheeler opined that Greg formed a part of one of Australian television 's `` much loved families '' .
Simon Fitzgerald
Simon Fitzgerald , portrayed by Richard Norton , made their first appearance during the episode airing on 25 September 1991 and departed on 24 July 1992 . Norton had finished a year-long stint on rival soap opera Neighbours before joining Home and Away . Brendon Williams writing for the Daily Mirror said that Norton proved to be `` a big hit '' as Simon .
Irene Roberts
Irene Roberts made their first appearance on 29 October , played by Jacqui Phillips , Lynne McGranger later took the role . For McGranger 's portrayal of Irene , they were nominated in the category
of `` Funniest Performance '' at the 2007 Inside Soap Awards . The Sydney Morning Herald have referred to Irene as one of the serial 's three `` legacy characters '' , along with Alf and Colleen . Holy Soap recall Irene 's most memorable moment as being : `` Being attacked by the mad ex-wife of their former lover Ken . ''
Damian Roberts
Damian Roberts , played by Matt Doran , debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 6 November 1991 . Doran became a regular in 1992 and remained in the serial until 1995 . They continued to guest star until 1996 . Ben Hamilton played a young Damian in flashbacks in 1997 . On one of their returns , Jason Herbison from Inside Soap Damian had `` thrown off their clean cut image '' by having their hair in dreadlocks . A reporter from BIG ! wrote that through playing Damian , Doran had become `` one of the world 's most popular soap stars '' and gained many `` girl fans '' who `` adored him '' . A columnist from Shout said that `` poor old Damian '' filled their on-screen time with a hobby of jogging but there was `` no sign of a girlie '' . They said that the character need a relationship storyline , adding `` when will Matt Doran finally get to have a major on-screen smooch , that 's what were asking '' . A writer from Inside Soap opined that the character `` is always going to be a loser '' .
Others
References
External links
Characters and cast at the Official AU Home and Away website
Characters and cast at the Official UK Home and Away website
Characters and cast at the Internet Movie Database
, 1991
, Home and Away
Events from the year 1984 in England .
Incumbent
Events
March
23 March – Hilda Murrell , 78-year-old rose grower and anti-nuclear campaigner , is found dead near their home in Shropshire , five days after being reported missing . West Mercia Police launch a murder investigation .
27 March – Starlight Express opens at Apollo Victoria Theatre in London .
April
2 April – Youth gangs run riot in Wolverhampton , looting from shops .
4 April – Peace protesters evicted from the Greenham Common Women 's Peace Camp .
17 April – WPC Yvonne Fletcher is shot and killed by a secluded gunman during a siege outside the Libyan Embassy in London in the event known as the 1984 Libyan Embassy Siege . 11 other people are also shot but survive .
May
2 May – The Liverpool International Garden Festival opens in Liverpool .
8 May – The Thames Barrier , designed to protect London from floods , is opened by The Queen .
12 May – Liverpool F.C . secure a third consecutive league title and the 15th in the club 's history , despite being held to a 0–0 draw away at Notts County .
19 May – Everton win the FA Cup , their first major trophy for 14 years , with a 2–0 win over Watford in the final at Wembley Stadium . The goals are scored by Andy Gray and Graham Sharp . Everton 's last FA Cup triumph came in 1966 , and they have now won the trophy four times .
29 May – Fighting at Orgreave colliery between police and striking miners leaves 64 injured .
30 May
The Queen officially opens a new terminal at Birmingham Airport . The terminal has been in use since the start of last month , replacing the original terminal that opened in 1939 .
Liverpool wins the European Cup for the fourth time with a penalty shoot-out victory over AS Roma of Italyafter a 1–1 draw in the final at Stadio Olimpico in Rome . Liverpool , who have also won the Football League First Division and Football League Cup this season , are the first English club to win three major trophies in the same season .
June
1 June – Seven year old British boy Mark Tildesley disappears from their home in Wokingham , Berkshire after visiting a local fairground after being abducted and murdered by a paedophile group led by ring leader Sidney Cooke , their body has never been found .
7 June – 120 people are arrested when fighting breaks out outside the Houses of Parliament during a mass lobby by striking miners .
15 June – A miner picketing a Yorkshire power station is killed by a lorry .
18 June – Battle of Orgreave confrontation between picketing miners and police .
19 June – Austin Rover launches the Rover 200 saloon , the replacement for the Triumph Acclaim , which means the end of the Triumph brand after 61 years . Like its predecessor , the new car is the result of a venture with Honda .
22 June – The inaugural flight of the first Virgin Atlantic plane takes place .
29 June – Control of London Transport is removed from the Greater London Council and transferred to London Regional Transport ( reporting to the Secretary of State for Transport ) under terms of the London Regional Transport Act 1984 .
July
6 July
David Jenkins consecrated as Bishop of Durham , despite strong objections from conservative Christians .
Murder of Isabel Schwarz , a psychiatric social worker , in South London .
9 July – A fire in the roof of York Minster , probably caused by an electrical storm , causes extensive damage which is expected to cost millions of pounds to repair .
August
2 August – A Surrey businessman wins a case in the European Court of Human Rights over illegal phone tapping by the police .
September
7 September – An outbreak of food poisoning in two Yorkshire hospitals has so far claimed 22 lives in the space of two weeks .
15–16 September – Bones believed to be those of St Edward the Martyr ( King of England , 975–978 ) are enshrined in the Church of St. Edward the Martyr , Brookwood , Surrey .
24 September – Four pupils and their teacher die and a further six pupils are injured when a roll of steel from a lorry crushes their minibus near Stuart Bathurst RC High School in Wednesbury , West Midlands .
October
1 October – David Jenkins , Bishop of Durham , launches an attack on Margaret Thatcher 's social policies . The Durham area has been particularly hard hit by factory and mine closures since their election as Prime Minister five years ago .
3 October – Plans to expand the Urban Enterprise Zone in Dudley , West Midlands , are approved ; developers Don and Roy Richardson get the go-ahead to build a retail park and shopping mall on the main part of the site . The first tenants will move to the site next year and the development is expected in the next 18 months , with scope for further service sector developments in the future .
5 October – Police in Essex make the largest cannabis seizure in British criminal history when a multimillion-pound stash of the drug is found on a schooner moored on the River Crouch near North Fambridge village .
12 October – The Provisional Irish Republican Army attempts to assassinate the Conservative cabinet in the Brighton hotel bombing . Margaret Thatcher escapes unharmed , but MP Anthony Berry and four other people are killed , whilst Norman Tebbit is trapped among the rubble and their wife Margaret is seriously injured .
November
5 November – 800 miners end their strike and return to work .
15 November – The General Synod of the Church of England support the ordination of women as deacons , but not as full priests .
23 November – The Oxford Circus fire traps around 1,000 passengers on the London Underground but no-one is killed .
December
12 December – Bucks Fizz , the highly successful pop group , are involved in a road accident near Newcastle upon Tyne when their tour bus crashes in icy road conditions after a concert . Bobby Gee , Cheryl Baker and Jay Astonescape with relatively minor injuries , but Mike Nolan is in a serious condition .
31 December – Rick Allen , drummer of Def Leppard , loses their left arm in a car accident on the A57 road at Snake Pass .
Undated
Chatham Dockyard in Medway is closed after being used a shipbuilding yard for over 400 years since the reign of Henry VIII .
Non-diocesan Bishop at Lambeth first appointed within the Church of England .
References
Years in England
1980s in England
Years of the 20th century in England
1984 in England
St Bees Priory is the parish church of St Bees , Cumbria , England . There is evidence for a pre-Norman religious site , and on this a Benedictine priory was founded by the first Norman Lord of Egremont William Meschin , and was dedicated by Archbishop Thurstan of York , sometime between 1120 and 1135 .
From sculptural and charter evidence the site was a principal centre of religious influence in the west of the county , and an extensive parish grew up with detached portions covering much of the Western Lakes .
The Priory was dissolved in 1539 , and since then the buildings have been the Anglican church of St Bees parish , and is now a grade I listed building .
The Pre-Norman Church
There is sculptural and place-name evidence for the existence of a pre-Norman religious site ; though no existing buildings from that time . The St Bees place-name is derived from `` Kirkeby Becok '' - the `` Church town of Bega '' , which was used in the 12th Century . St Bega is a mysterious figure from pre-Norman Britain , and is said to have been an Irish princess who fled across the sea to St Bees to avoid an enforced marriage . Legend has it that they then lived a life of piety at St Bees . The most likely period for their journey would have been sometime in the thirty years after 850 , when the Vikings were settling Ireland .
The continuance of the cult of St Bega following the arrival of the Normans is recorded in the Register of the Priory by the swearing of oaths on the `` Bracelet of St Bega '' . This relic was touched as the means of taking a binding oath ; oaths are recorded up to 1279 , and offerings to the bracelet were made as late as 1516 .
In the graveyard is a cross shaft dating from the 10th century , showing Viking influence , and from the same era is a cross shaft of the Cumbrian spiral-scroll school , now in the church , both of which testify to this being a pre-Norman religious site .
Pre-Norman parish boundaries suggest that St Bees had considerable pre-Norman influence in the west , and it has been suggested that St Bees was a `` minster church '' serving the west coast , but there is no firm evidence .
The Priory
Founding
The Normans did not reach this part of Cumbria until 1092 . William Meschin , supported by Archbishop Thurstan , used the existing religious site to found a Benedictine Priory not earlier than 1120 and not later than 1135 . The priory was subordinate to the great Benedictine monastery of St Mary 's Abbey , York and had a Prior and six monks . To endow the Priory , there were many original grants of property and churches from local lords including the parish of Kirkeby Becok itself ; stretching from the coast at present-day Whitehaven to the River Keekle , and down to where the river `` Egre '' ( Ehen ) falls into the sea . Also granted were the chapel of Egremont , churches at Whicham and Bootle , land in Rottington and the manor of Stainburn at Workington . St Bees was therefore the principal religious centre in the west of Cumbria , and the large number of existing medieval grave slabs of the local nobility testify to its importance .
Growth and decline
Later grants endowed the Priory with the churches of Workington , Gosforth , Corney and Whitbeck , and the chapels of Harrington , Clifton , Loweswater and Weddicar . These and a number of other gifts made St Bees the third-richest monastic house in the county . The Priory was enlarged in about 1190 by construction of a new chancel at the east end , and further enlarged ca . 1270-1300 by the addition of a chancel aisle to the south of this . In its most prosperous and active period , the 14th-15th centuries , the Priory had not only a large church , but an impressive range of monastic domestic buildings .
None of the priors rose to great prominence in the wider church , though two became Abbots of York . Possibly the relative isolation of St Bees meant that it was out of the mainstream of monastic politics . However its proximity to the Scottish border had disadvantages . It is known the Priory suffered in 1315 from Scots raiders , when after the Battle of Bannockburn James Douglas came south and raided the Priory and destroyed two of its mansions . There is also an undated raid , possibly 1216 , 1174 or further back in the reign of King Stephen .
The monks were active in early coal mining , and the earliest reference to mining in the Whitehaven area is in the time of Prior Langton ( 1256–82 ) , concerning the coal mines at Arrowthwaite . Apart from the usual husbandry , we have evidenced the monks ran a mill in the village . Charter 423 of the priory refers to a grant of all the water in Rottington for the use of the priory sometime between 1240 and 1265 .
Despite this prosperity it is likely , as with many monastic houses , that the Priory was running down by the time of the Dissolution of the Monasteries , as the large chapel in the chancel south aisle at the east end appears to have become ruined about 1500 , but not rebuilt . This can be seen in Bucks ' view of the Priory dating from 1739 , and some of the ruins are still visible .
The Dissolution
The monastic Priory was dissolved on 16 October 1539 . The nave , tower and transepts continued in use as the Parish Church , and some of the cloister range was retained as a residence for the parish priest . This was finally demolished in 1816 , when a new vicarage was built and the theological college was founded . Otherwise the monastic chancel at the east end was rendered roofless and the east arch of the tower was infilled with a dividing wall . The chapter house and east range of buildings were demolished .
Burials in the priory
William de Lancaster I
Anthony de Lucy , 3rd Baron Lucy ( d. 1368 )
Prior Thomas de Cotyngham
The Parish Church
Following the Dissolution , the nave continued in use as the parish church . But by 1611 it was necessary to undertake considerable repairs , including the large bell tower which was structurally repaired to prevent further collapse ; it had deteriorated to not far above the present arches . There was continuing attention by a series of small repairs going through the 17th and 18th centuries . In the 18th century the west door was not used , probably because the land abutting the door had passed into secular ownership , and the congregation entered via a north porch . By the early 1800s the building was in a poor state of repair . However , help was at hand from an unexpected quarter .
The Theological College
In 1816 George Henry Law , Bishop of Chester , in whose diocese the Priory then was , founded the St Bees Theological College . The monastic chancel , which had been roofless since the Dissolution , was re-roofed to become the main college lecture room and library . The students lodged in the village and the Principal was also the Vicar of St Bees . The college was very successful ; training over 2,600 clergy , but closed in 1895 , both at the prospect of falling numbers as it could not award degrees , and its vulnerability as a private institution as students now favoured the larger colleges that had sprung up using the St Bees model .
Restoration
The 19th century was the great era of restoration , helped greatly by the presence of the Theological College and the increasing prosperity of the village . The West door came into use , a new vicarage was built to the west , and the last of the monastic cloister was demolished . The nave and transepts were re-roofed , and to accommodate a new organ in 1867 the west Gallery was taken down . The altar was moved from under the tower east into a new chancel , which occupied one bay of the monastic choir . The tower was re-built in the Romanesque style to the design of William Butterfield when the eight bells were installed in 1858 . The north and south aisles were partly rebuilt and completely furnished with new stained glass . In 1899 the present magnificent `` Father '' Henry Willis organ was installed .
Present use
The church continues in use as the parish church of St Bees . In 1953 the Butterfield Romanesque spire was removed , and the bells were re-hung . In the 1960s the central pew arrangement was removed to give a centre aisle , and in the 1980s a doorway was built between the church and the monastic choir , which now acts as one of the parish rooms . In the lapidarium in the south aisle there is one of the finest collections of effigies and carved stones in the county , including a very fine incised stone of Prior Cotyngham , and there is a comprehensive history display created in 2010 .
Architecture
All of the church buildings in use at the Dissolution are still standing and in use by the parish . However , nothing remains of the domestic buildings of the monks . The magnificent Norman west doorway of the Priory dates from 1150 to 1160 , and is the most richly decorated in the county , with three orders of columns , zig-zag and beak-head decoration . Opposite in the west courtyard is a fine Romanesque lintel , which may have served an earlier church , dating from circa 1120 . The six nave arcades are Early English arches sitting on the original Norman pillars , and the base of the tower is Norman but the arches are Early English . The east wall of the north transept has plain Norman windows above the chapel altar , and there is a fine Norman window on the north side of the present chancel , though with Victorian plate tracery . The St Bega chapel in the north transept has two fine Norman windows above the altar . Flanking the altar are the two sculptures of St Bega and the Virgin Mary by Josefina de Vasconcellos which make up the `` Vision of St Bega '' ( 1950 ) . In the 19th century two large cinquefoil openings were inserted by Butterfield into the medieval east walls of the transepts . The side aisles are a Victorian restoration down to the string course .
At the east end , beyond the present chancel wall built by Butterfield , is the monastic chancel of about 1190 , still almost complete , with a fine range of lancet windows on the north side , and on the south an arcade of arches ( now infilled and with modern windows ) which would have led to the 14th-century chapel in the chancel aisle . The monastic chancel is currently separated from the body of the church by the altar wall , though there is a modern connecting doorway . It is currently used as a parish room . Beneath the elevated wooden floor of the present building is the original stone floor of the medieval church .
Outside to the south of the chancel are the remains of the chapel built 1270–1300 , which may have fallen due to structural problems before the Dissolution . In the ruined fragment of the south wall can be seen the top steps of the monks ' night stairs and a squint window , while to the east the north jamb is all that remains of what must have been a very impressive window .
St Bees Man
During an archaeological dig in 1981 in the area of the 14th-century ruined chapel at the east end , a number of medieval burials were uncovered , and the remains of an earlier building on a different alignment to the Priory was found . The most significant find was of a man aged 35–45 in a lead coffin in a stone vault , given the name St Bees Man , whose body was in a remarkable state of preservation . It has now been determined with a high degree of probability that they were Anthony de Lucy , a knight , who died in 1368 in the Teutonic Crusades in Prussia . Although the body was about six hundred years old , their nails , skin and stomach contents were found to be in near-perfect condition . After their death the vault was enlarged to take the body of their sister , Maud de Lucy , who died in 1398 . The probable effigies of both Maud and Anthony can be seen in the extensive history display in the priory , which includes the shroud in which they were wrapped .
Gallery
See also
List of monastic houses in Cumbria
Grade I listed churches in Cumbria
Grade I listed buildings in Cumbria
Listed buildings in St Bees
List of English abbeys , priories and friaries serving as parish churches
Josefina de Vasconcellos
Richard Parkinson ( priest )
References
Notes
Further reading
Further details on St Bees Man see : Proceedings of the Paleopathology Association , 4th European meeting , ( Middelburg Antwerpen 1982 ) pp . 171–187 .
Further details on the cult of St Bega see : Clare Downham 'St Bega - myth , maiden or bracelet ? ' Journal of Medieval History 33 ( 2007 ) 33-42 https : //www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1016/j.jmedhist.2007.01.003 ? journalCode=rmed20
External links
St Bees village web site
Monasteries in Cumbria
English churches with Norman architecture
Christian monasteries established in the 12th century
Grade I listed buildings in Cumbria
1539 disestablishments in England
12th-century establishments in England
Church of England church buildings in Cumbria
Monasteries dissolved under the English Reformation
St Bees
Hu Yanqiang ( Chinese : 胡延强 ; born 20 March 1993 in Benxi ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Duxing .
Club career
In 2012 , Hu Yanqiang started their professional footballer career with Liaoning Whowin in the Chinese Super League . They made their league debut for Liaoning on 17 August 2012 in a game against Beijing Guoan , coming on as a substitute for Miloš Trifunović in the 81st minute .
On 14 December 2017 , Hu transferred to Beijing Sinobo Guoan after Liaoning relegated to the second tier .
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played before 31 December 2020 .
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Liaoning
Liaoning F.C . players
Beijing Guoan F.C . players
Association football midfielders
Chinese Super League players
China League Two players
Maurizio Maraviglia ( 15 January 1878 , Paola , Calabria – 26 September 1955 , Rome ) was an Italian politician and academic .
Life
A functionary in the Ministry of Public Information , Maraviglia was a member of the Italian Socialist Party until 1906 . Moving to the right they became a supporter of nationalism and a founder member of the Italian Nationalist Association in 1910 . An important figure in the development of their ideology , they were part of the editorial staff of L'Idea Nazionale .
Following service in the First World War they also wrote for the influential Politica journal of Francesco Coppola and Alfredo Rocco . They came to identify with fascism and was part of the negotiation team that secured the merger between the Association and the National Fascist Party .
Under the fascists Maraviglia initially enjoyed a high profile . They served in the Italian Chamber of Deputies for Calabria-Lucania from 1924 to 1939 before graduating to the Italian Senate . They were appointed to the Grand Council of Fascism in 1938 and managed to secure a position at the University of Perugia as an academic alongside Sergio Panunzio . Their profile fell in later years after they were implicated in fraud at the Banca del Sud . They were adjudged to have no war guilt charges to answer and took no part in post-war politics .
References
1878 births
1955 deaths
People from Paola , Calabria
Italian fascists
Italian military personnel of World War I
Italian male writers
University of Perugia faculty
Italian Nationalist Association
Peter Härtling ( ; 13 November 1933 – 10 July 2017 ) was a German writer , poet , publisher and journalist . They received the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany for their major contribution to German literature .
Biography
Härtling was born in Chemnitz , and spent the early part of their childhood living in Hartmannsdorf , Mittweida , where their father maintained a law firm . Following the outbreak of World War II , the family moved to the German-occupied town of Olomouc in Moravia . Like many of the town 's German residents , Härtling 's family fled before the Red Army 's advance on the city during the final months of the war ; the family briefly settled in Zwettl , Austria . Härtling 's father was captured by the Russians , and died in June 1945 at the prisoner-of-war camp in Dollersheim . Following the conclusion of World War II , Härtling finally settled in Nürtingen , Baden-Württemberg . Their mother committed suicide in October 1946 . They studied under HAP Grieshaber at the Bernsteinschule art school , before starting work as a journalist .
Härtling had their first collection of poetry published in 1953 . From 1967 to 1973 , Härtling was the managing director of the German publishing house S. Fischer Verlag , located in Frankfurt . Härtling became a full-time writer after leaving S. Fischer Verlag . In the winter semester of 1983/84 , they hosted the annual Frankfurter Poetik-Vorlesungen , a lecture series , in which a prominent writer discourses on topics pertaining to their work . Härtling used their lectureship to demonstrate the process of using a found object as the inspiration for a literary work . During the series of lectures , they wrote Der spanische Soldat , a short story based on a photograph by Robert Capa .
Härtling worked as the editor of the magazine Der Monat , and as the president of the Hölderlin society . In 1973 they moved to Mörfelden-Walldorf where they lived until their death on 10 July 2017 .
Literary themes
Härtling devoted a large proportion of their literary output – both in poetry , and in prose – to the reclamation of history , and their own past . Their autobiographical novel , Zwettl ( 1973 ) , deals with the period they spent living in Lower Austria , after their family fled from the Red Army . Nachgetragene Liebe ( 1980 ) recounts Härtling 's earliest memories of their deceased father .
Another major influence on Härtling 's works has been the literature and music of Romanticism . Amongst other works , Härtling has written fictionalised biographical works on the writers Friedrich Hölderlin , Wilhelm Waiblinger and E. T. A. Hoffmann , and the composers Franz Schubert , and Robert Schumann .
Children 's literature
In 1969 , after writing a eulogy for the Czech children 's writer Jan Procházka , Härtling began writing books for children . Their first children 's book , Und das ist die ganze Familie , was published the following year . Their children 's literature has often focused on social problems involving children . In Das war der Hirbel ( 1973 ) , they wrote about the home of a maladjusted child , and Oma ( 1975 ) talks about aging and death , whilst Theo haut ab ( 1977 ) deals with being uprooted from home and family . There are English translations of several of their children 's books , including Granny ( Oma ) , Crutches ( Krücke ) , Ben Loves Anna ( Ben liebt Anna ) , Old John ( Alter John ) , and Herbie 's World ( Das war der Hirbel ) .
Radio
Härtling moderated Literatur im Kreuzverhör , a radio show on the cultural radio station of Hessischer Rundfunk .
Awards
Peter Härtling 's awards include :
1964 : Deutscher Kritikerpreis for Niembsch
1965 : Lower Saxony Literature Prize for Niembsch
1966 : Ehrengabe des Kulturkreises im Bundesverband der Deutschen Industrie for Niembsch . Prix du Meilleur Livre Étranger for the French edition of Niembsch
1971 : Gerhart Hauptmann prize of the Freien Volksbühne Berlin for Gilles
1974 : Schubart-Literaturpreis
1976 : Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis ( Children 's book ) for Oma .
1977 : Stadtschreiber von Bergen
1978 : Wilhelmine-Lübke-Preis
1980 : Zurich children 's literature prize La vache qui lit for Ben liebt Anna and Sofie macht Geschichten .
1982 : Naturschutzpreis der Kreisgruppe Groß-Gerau des Bundes für Umwelt und Naturschutz .
1987 : Hermann Sinsheimer prize and Friedrich Hölderlin prize
1992 : Lion Feuchtwanger prize .
1994 : Awarded the title of Professor by the state of Baden-Württemberg
1995 : Awarded the Großes Bundesverdienstkreuz
1995 : Mainzer Stadtschreiber
1996 : Awarded the Wilhelm Leuschner medal of Hessen
1996 : Awarded the Karl Preusker Medal by the German Literature Conference
2000 : Eichendorff Literature Prize
2001 : Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis ( Special prize ) for their major contribution to children 's literature
2001 : Dresdner Poetikdozentur zur Literatur Mitteleuropas ( Publikation )
2003 : Deutscher Bücherpreis for their contribution to literature
2004 : Honorary citizen of Nürtingen
2006 : Gerty Spies Literature Prize
2006 : Finalist , Hans Christian Andersen Award
2007 : Corine Literature Prize of the Bavarian Prime Minister for their contribution to literature
2010 : Jacob Grimm Prize
2014 : Hessischer Kulturpreis
Music
Wilhelm Killmayer set nine of their poems in their song cycle in 1968 .
References
Further reading
Burckhard Dücker , Peter Härtling , München : Beck : Verlag Edition Text und Kritik , 1983 ,
Maciej Ganczar , Romantische Künstlerfiguren in der Prosa von Peter Härtling , Frankfurt am Main : Peter Lang , 2015 ,
Ludvík Václavek : Peter Härtling und Olmütz . In : Lucy Topoľská und Ludvík Václavek : Beiträge zur Deutschsprachigen Literatur in Tschechien . ( = Beiträge zur mährischen deutschsprachigen Literatur . Band 3 ) . Univerzita Palackého , Olomouc 2000 , , S. 211-214 .
External links
1933 births
2017 deaths
People from Chemnitz
20th-century German novelists
21st-century German novelists
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Recipients of the Order of Merit of Baden-Württemberg
German children 's writers
German poets
German male short story writers
German short story writers
German essayists
German male poets
German male novelists
German-language poets
Members of the Academy of Arts , Berlin
German male essayists
Writers from Saxony
20th-century German short story writers
21st-century short story writers
20th-century essayists
21st-century essayists
20th-century German male writers
21st-century German male writers
The Express was a free English language local community tabloid newspaper , printed and published weekly by Herbert Denley , at 58 Good Street , Granville , New South Wales , Australia . The newspaper circulated in the suburbs of Auburn , Lidcombe , Berala , Regents Park , Flemington , Homebush and surrounding districts , reporting on social , community , sporting and local government activities , and provided local business and classified advertising .
The first issue of The Express was published in 1924 , and by June 1933 the paper had a guaranteed circulation of 10,000 .
The Express continued publication until the early 1950s .
Availability
Only three issues of The Express ( June 22 , 1933 ; October 19 , 1934 ; and May 2 , 1935 ) are held at the State Library of New South Wales , stored in offsite storage .
Gosford Micrographics Pty Ltd filmed two issues of The Express ( Vol . 9 , No . 19 , dated Thursday , June 22 , 1933 and Vol . 11 , No . 9 , dated Thursday , May 2 , 1935 ) , along with the sole surviving issue of the Auburn and District News , onto a single reel of microfilm in April 2000 . This microfilm can be viewed at the State Library of New South Wales , and the library services of Cumberland Council and the City of Parramatta Council .
The 1933 and 1935 issues of The Express are available online via the National Library of Australia Trove digitised newspaper website .
See also
List of newspapers in Australia
List of defunct newspapers of Australia
List of newspapers in New South Wales
Auburn and District News
References
External links
Defunct newspapers published in Sydney
The Italian Catholic Church , or Catholic Church in Italy , is part of the worldwide Catholic Church in communion with the Pope in Rome , under the Conference of Italian Bishops . The pope serves also as Primate of Italy and Bishop of Rome . In addition to Italy , two other sovereign nations are included in Italian-based dioceses : San Marino and the Vatican City . There are 225 dioceses in the Catholic Church in Italy , see further in this article and in the article List of Catholic dioceses in Italy .
The pope resides in the Vatican City , enclaved in Rome . Having been a major center for Christian pilgrimage since the Roman Empire , Rome is commonly regarded as the `` home '' of the Catholic Church , since it is where Saint Peter settled , ministered , served as bishop , and died . Their relics are located in Rome along with Saint Paul 's , among many other saints of Early Christianity .
Owing to the Italian Renaissance , church art in Italy is extraordinary , including works by Leonardo da Vinci , Michelangelo , Fra Carnevale , Gian Lorenzo Bernini , Sandro Botticelli , Tintoretto , Titian , Raphael , and Giotto , etc .
Italian church architecture is equally spectacular and historically important to Western culture , notably St. Peter 's Basilica in Rome , Cathedral of St. Mark 's in Venice , and Brunelleschi 's Florence Cathedral , which includes the `` Gates of Paradise '' doors at the Baptistery by Lorenzo Ghiberti .
History
Christianity arrived on the Italian peninsula in the first century , probably by unknown travelers , traders or soldiers . The Letter to the Romans of Paul the Apostle is addressed and attests to the presence of Roman Christians in the first century . Christians in Rome were also in touch with St. Peter and St. Paul the Apostle , both of whom went to Rome on mission and were eventually martyred there . One of the first Italian bishops and popes was Clement of Rome who wrote a letter to the Christian community in Corinth ( 1 Clement ) around AD 96 .
Over its two thousand-year history , the Church of Italy grew in size and influence producing and harboring ( sometimes before martyrdom ) some of the greatest leaders and movers of Catholic Christianity including Priscilla and Aquila ; Ignatius of Antioch , martyred in Rome ; Polycarp , martyred in Rome and a disciple of John the Evangelist ; Agnes , Roman martyr ; Lawrence , martyr ; Justin Martyr , teacher and martyr ; Hippolytus , priest and martyr ; Cecilia , Roman martyr ; Ambrose of Milan , bishop and Doctor of the Church ; Jerome , theologian and Doctor of the Church ; Benedict of Nursia , founder of the Benedictine order and of Western monasticism ; Leo the Great , bishop of Rome and Doctor of the Church ; Gregory the Great , bishop of Rome and Doctor of the Church ; Augustine of Canterbury , Roman monk , Benedictine missionary to England , later English bishop ; Urban II , pope or Bishop of Rome who called for the First Crusade ; Anselm of Canterbury , Italian-born philosopher , Doctor of the Church and later English bishop ; Francis of Assisi , mystic and founder of the Franciscans ; Bonaventure of Bagnorea , Franciscan theologian and Doctor of the Church ; Thomas Aquinas , Dominican theologian , philosopher , and Doctor of the Church ; Dante , poet ; Catherine of Siena , mystic , reformer , and Doctor of the Church ; Monteverdi , composer ; Robert Bellarmine of Tuscany , Jesuit theologian and Doctor of the Church ; Antonio Vivaldi , priest and composer ; Leo XIII , bishop of Rome and social reformer ; Pius XII , bishop of Rome ; John XXIII , bishop of Rome and initiator of Second Vatican Council , among many others . One could add to this list the founders of various contemporary lay ecclesial movements , notably Luigi Giussani , founder of Communion And Liberation , and Chiara Lubich , founder of the Focolare Movement . Also , Andrea Riccardi , founder of the Community of Sant'Egidio , now one of the great faith based organizations in the world .
Today
Approximately 74 % of the Italian population identifies as Catholic . Italy has 225 dioceses and archdioceses , more than any other country in the world with the exception of Brazil . It also has the largest number of parishes ( 25,694 ) , female ( 102,089 ) and male ( 23,719 ) religious , and priests ( 44,906 including secular ( i.e . diocesan ) and religious ( those belonging to a male religious institute ) ) .
The bishops in Italy make up the Conferenza Episcopale Italiana as a collaborative body to perform certain functions specified by Canon Law . Unlike most episcopal conferences , the president of the Italian conference is appointed by the pope , in their capacity as Primate of Italy . Since May 2022 , the president of the episcopal conference has been Cardinal Matteo Maria Zuppi .
Organization
The Primate of Italy is the Bishop of Rome , who is also ex officio Pope of the Catholic Church . The Apostolic Nuncio to Italy is also the nuncio to San Marino ; the incumbent is Italian Archbishop Giuseppe Bertello , who has held the office since January 2007 .
There are two Catholic particular churches in Italy :
The Latin Church ( absolute majority , uses Roman rite except in the Archdiocese of Milan where Ambrosian rite is used ) .
The very small Italo-Albanian Catholic Church ( one of Eastern Catholic Churches , uses Byzantine rite ) divided into Territorial Abbacy of Saint Mary of Grottaferrata , Eparchy of Lungro and Eparchy of Piana degli Albanesi .
The Latin Church in Italy is organized into :
16 ecclesiastical regions ( corresponding to the regions of Italy , with some consolidations ) .
42 ecclesiastical provinces divided into :
1 apostolic see ( Diocese of Rome ) .
1 patriarchal see ( Patriarchate of Venice ) .
40 metropolitan archdioceses .
20 archdioceses .
155 dioceses ( see : List of Catholic dioceses in Italy ) .
2 territorial prelatures : Territorial Prelature of Loreto and Territorial Prelature of Pompei .
6 territorial abbeys : Monte Oliveto Maggiore , Montecassino , Montevergine , Santa Maria di Grottaferrata , La Trinità della Cava and Subiaco .
1 military ordinariate : Military Ordinariate in Italy .
Catholic lay organizations
Azione Cattolica ( organization of the Catholic Action in Italy )
Forum Oratori Italiani ( umbrella of Catholic youth organizations and youth ministry )
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Italy
References
Further reading
Allum , Percy . “ Uniformity Undone : Aspects of Catholic Culture in Postwar Italy , ” in Zygmunt Guido Baranski , Robert Lumley , eds . Culture and Conflict in Postwar Italy : Essays on Mass and Popular Culture ( 1990 ) pp . 79–96 .
Allum , Percy . `` From Two into One ' The Faces of the Italian Christian Democratic Party . '' Party Politics 3.1 ( 1997 ) : 23–52 .
Binchy , Daniel A . Church and State in Fascist Italy ( Oxford UP 1941 ) 774pp
Ignazi , Piero , and Spencer Wellhofer . `` Territory , religion , and vote : nationalization of politics and the Catholic party in Italy . '' Italian Political Science Review/Rivista Italiana di Scienza Politica 47.1 ( 2017 ) : 21–43 .
Latourette , Kenneth Scott . Christianity in a Revolutionary Age , IV : The Twentieth Century in Europe : The Roman Catholic , Protestant , and Eastern Churches . ( 1958 ) pp 153–58 .
Pollard , John . Catholicism in Modern Italy : Religion , Society and Politics , 1861 to the Present ( Routledge , 2008 ) . a major scholarly history
Pollard , John . `` Pius XI 's Promotion of the Italian Model of Catholic Action in the World-Wide Church . '' Journal of Ecclesiastical History 63.4 ( 2012 ) : 758–784 .
Warner , Carolyn M. `` Christian Democracy in Italy : An alternative path to religious party moderation . '' Party Politics 19.2 ( 2013 ) : 256–276 .
Italy
Catholicism in Italy
Italian culture
Joe Watson was an Australian folklorist born in the New South Wales township of Boorowa on 15 August 1881 .
External links
Biography
Recordings
1881 births
Australian folklorists
Year of death missing
Kuk Deh ( , also Romanized as Kūk Deh ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 841 , in 215 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Andrew John Hodd ( born 12 January 1984 ) is a former English cricketer . They are a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper , who ended their career playing for Yorkshire . They were born in Chichester .
They made their debut for Sussex in 2003 , but moved to Surrey for two years to increase their playing chances . In 2006 they returned to Sussex .
Hodd has represented the English Under-19 cricket team .
In August 2012 , Hodd was signed on loan by Yorkshire , to cover for Jonny Bairstow 's regular absences with the England cricket team . At the end of the season , the move became permanent with Hodd signing a two-year deal with the club .
Career best performances
as of 13 May 2021
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Surrey cricketers
Sussex cricketers
Yorkshire cricketers
Sportspeople from Chichester
Sussex Cricket Board cricketers
English cricketers
Wicket-keepers
The Great Britain women 's national field hockey team represents Great Britain in international field hockey tournaments such as the Summer Olympics .
In most other competitions , including the Women 's Hockey World Cup , the Commonwealth Games and some editions of the Hockey Champions Trophy , the three home nations compete in their own right : England and Scotland and Wales .
The team has won gold once and bronze twice at the Summer Olympics , and silver once in the
Champions Trophy .
Tournament history
Summer Olympics
1988 – 4th place
1992 –
1996 – 4th place
2000 – 8th place
2008 – 6th place
2012 –
2016 –
2020 –
World League
2014–15 – 7th place
Pro League
2019 – 8th place
2020–21 –
2022–23 – Qualified
Champions Trophy
1987 – 5th place
1989 – 4th place
1993 – 6th place
1997 – 5th place
2012 –
2016 – 5th place
2018 – 5th place
Players
Current squad
The following 34 players have been selected by Great Britain Hockey for their 2022 Training Squad .
Caps and goals ( for both England and Great Britain ) updated as of 19 February 2022 , after match v Argentina .
Fixtures & results
2021 Fixtures & results
2020-21 Women 's FIH Pro League
2020 Summer Olympics
2020 Fixtures & Results
2020-21 Women 's FIH Pro League
2019 Fixtures & Results
2019 Women 's FIH Pro League
Japan Test Matches
India Test Matches
FIH Olympic Qualifiers
2018 Fixtures & Results
Argentina Test Series
See also
Great Britain men 's national field hockey team
England women 's national hockey team
Ireland women 's national field hockey team
Scotland women 's national field hockey team
Wales women 's national field hockey team
References
External links
Official website
FIH profile
Sport in Berkshire
Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead
Nationla team
European women 's national field hockey teams
Field Hockey
William McCloundy ( born 1859 or 1860 ) , also known as I.O.U . O'Brien , was an early 20th-century confidence trickster , from Asbury Park , New Jersey , who served a two-and-a-half-year prison term in Sing Sing for selling the Brooklyn Bridge to a tourist in 1901 .
See also
Brooklyn Bridge # Culture — other information about selling the Brooklyn Bridge
George C. Parker
References
American confidence tricksters
Criminals from New York City
People from Asbury Park , New Jersey
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death missing
19th-century births
20th-century deaths
A thermal rocket is a rocket engine that uses a propellant that is externally heated before being passed through a nozzle to produce thrust , as opposed to being internally heated by a redox ( combustion ) reaction as in a chemical rocket .
Thermal rockets can theoretically give high performance , depending on the fuel used and design specifications , and a great deal of research has gone into a variety of types . However , aside from the simple cold gas thruster and steam rocket , none have proceeded past the testing stage .
Theory
For a rocket engine , the efficiency of propellant use ( the amount of impulse produced per mass of propellant ) is measured by the specific impulse ( ) , which is proportional to the effective exhaust velocity . For thermal rocket systems , the specific impulse increases as the square root of the temperature , and inversely as the square root of the molecular mass of the exhaust . In the simple case where a thermal source heats an ideal Monatomic gas reaction mass , the maximum theoretical specific impulse is directly proportional to the thermal velocity of the heated gas :
where is the standard gravity , is Boltzmann 's constant , T the temperature ( absolute ) , and m is the mass of the exhaust ( per molecule ) . For reaction mass which is not monatomic , some of the thermal energy may be retained as internal energy of the exhaust , and this equation will be modified depending on the degree of dissociation in the exhaust , frozen-flow losses , and other internal losses , but the overall square-root proportionality will remain . A more detailed equation for the maximum performance of a thermal rocket can be found under de Laval nozzle or in Chung .
Thus , the efficiency of a thermal engine is maximized by using the highest feasible temperature ( usually limited by materials properties ) , and by choosing a low molecular mass for the reaction mass .
Cold gas thruster
The simplest case of a thermal rocket is the case in which a compressed gas is held in a tank , and is released through a nozzle . This is known as a cold gas thruster . The thermal source , in this case , is simply the energy contained in the heat capacity of the gas .
Steam rocket
A steam rocket ( also known as a `` hot water rocket '' ) is a thermal rocket that uses water held in a pressure vessel at a high temperature , such that its saturated vapor pressure is significantly greater than ambient pressure . The water is allowed to escape as steam through a rocket nozzle to produce thrust . This type of thermal rocket has been used in drag-racing applications .
Nuclear thermal rocket
In a nuclear thermal rocket a working fluid , usually liquid hydrogen , is heated to a high temperature in a nuclear reactor , and then expands through a rocket nozzle to create thrust . The nuclear reactor 's energy replaces the chemical energy of the reactive chemicals in a chemical rocket engine . Due to the higher energy density of the nuclear fuel compared to chemical fuels , about 107 times , the resulting specific impulse of the engine is at least twice as good as chemical engines . The overall gross lift-off mass of a nuclear rocket is about half that of a chemical rocket , and hence when used as an upper stage it roughly doubles or triples the payload carried to orbit .
A nuclear engine was considered for some time as a replacement for the J-2 used on the S-II and S-IVB stages on the Saturn V and Saturn I rockets . Originally `` drop-in '' replacements were considered for higher performance , but a larger replacement for the S-IVB stage was later studied for missions to Mars and other high-load profiles , known as the S-N. Nuclear thermal translunar or interplanetary space `` shuttles '' were planned as part of the Space Transportation System to take payloads from a propellant depot in low Earth orbit to the Moon and other planets . Robert Bussard proposed the Single-Stage-To-Orbit `` Aspen '' vehicle using a nuclear thermal rocket for propulsion and liquid hydrogen propellant for partial shielding against neutron back scattering in the lower atmosphere . The Soviets studied nuclear engines for their own moon rockets , notably upper stages of the N-1 , although they never entered an extensive testing program like the one the U.S. conducted throughout the 1960s at the Nevada Test Site . Despite many successful firings , American nuclear rockets did not fly before the space race ended .
To date , no nuclear thermal rocket has flown , although the NERVA NRX/EST and NRX/XE were built and tested with flight design components . The highly successful U.S. Project Rover which ran from 1955 through 1972 accumulated over 17 hours of run time . The NERVA NRX/XE , judged by SNPO to be the last `` technology development '' reactor necessary before proceeding to flight prototypes , accumulated over 2 hours of run time , including 28 minutes at full power . The Russian nuclear thermal rocket RD-0410 was also claimed by the Soviets to have gone through a series of tests at the nuclear test site near Semipalatinsk .
The United States tested twenty different sizes and designs during Project Rover and NASA 's NERVA program from 1959 through 1972 at the Nevada Test Site , designated Kiwi , Phoebus , NRX/EST , NRX/XE , Pewee , Pewee 2 and the Nuclear Furnace , with progressively higher power densities culminating in the Pewee ( 1970 ) and Pewee 2 . Tests of the improved Pewee 2 design were cancelled in 1970 in favor of the lower-cost Nuclear Furnace ( NF-1 ) , and the U.S. nuclear rocket program officially ended in spring of 1973 . Research into nuclear rockets has continued quietly since that time within NASA . Current ( 2010 ) 25,000 pound-thrust reference designs ( NERVA-Derivative Rockets , or NDRs ) are based on the Pewee , and have specific impulses of 925 seconds .
Radioisotope Thermal Rocket
A variant is the radioisotope thermal rocket , in which the reaction mass is heated by a radioisotope heat source instead of a nuclear reactor .
Solar thermal rocket
Solar thermal propulsion is a form of spacecraft propulsion that makes use of solar power to directly heat reaction mass , and therefore does not require an electrical generator as most other forms of solar-powered propulsion do . A solar thermal rocket only has to carry the means of capturing solar energy , such as concentrators and mirrors . The heated propellant is fed through a conventional rocket nozzle to produce thrust . The engine thrust is directly related to the surface area of the solar collector and to the local intensity of the solar radiation .
In the shorter term , solar thermal propulsion has been proposed both for longer-life , lower-cost and more-flexible cryogenic upper stage launch vehicles and for orbiting propellant depots . Solar thermal propulsion is also a good candidate for use in reusable inter-orbital tugs , as it is a high-efficiency low-thrust system that can be refueled with relative ease .
Laser thermal rocket
A laser thermal rocket is both a type of beam-powered propulsion and a thermal rocket . The thermal energy source is a laser , which heats a working fluid in a heat exchanger . The working fluid is then expanded through a nozzle to produce thrust . Depending on the laser power , a laser thermal rocket can have a thrust-to-weight ratio similar to chemical rockets , while achieving a specific impulse similar to nuclear thermal rockets . For ground-to-orbit launches , the laser source for such a rocket would be a permanent installation capable of high-frequency launches , while the rockets could contain inert propellant .
Microwave thermal rocket
A microwave thermal rocket is similar to a laser thermal rocket , except that it is powered by a microwave source , for example a ground-based phased array . Relative to lasers , the main advantage of using microwaves is that sources currently cost 1-3 orders of magnitude less per Watt . The main disadvantage is that the microwave beam director needs to have a much larger diameter than a laser beam director due to beam diffraction effects .
The microwave thermal rocket was invented by Kevin L.G . Parkin in 2002 and was the subject of their Ph.D. dissertation . Between May 2012 and March 2014 , the DARPA/NASA millimeter-wave thermal launch system ( MTLS ) project continued this work , culminating in the first microwave thermal rocket launch in February 2014 . Several launches were attempted but problems with the beam director could not be resolved before funding ran out in March 2014 .
References
Rocket engines
The discography of Lenka Kripac , best known as simply Lenka , a singer-songwriter from New South Wales , Australia , consists of five studio albums and eleven singles . This list does not include material released by Decoder Ring , a band in which Lenka was a member before pursuing a solo career .
Lenka released their debut self-titled album in 2008 . The album 's lead single , and Kripac 's debut single , was titled `` The Show '' and remains their most successful single to date . Them second album , Two , was released over two years later in 2011 , but failed to gain the same commercial success as the singer 's debut album , due to a string of unsuccessful singles . In November 2012 , `` Everything at Once '' was released as Two '' 's third and final single after being sampled in a Windows 8 advertisement , and became Lenka 's second most successful single to date . Them third studio album , Shadows , was released in June 2013 . On 10 March 2015 , they released the single `` Blue Skies '' from their new album , The Bright Side , released on 29 May in Germany . On 13 October 2017 , they released their fifth album , Attune '' .
Studio albums
Singles
Guest appearances
References
Pop music discographies
Discographies of Australian artists
This is a list of ambassadors from the United States to Cameroon . The American Embassy at Yaounde was established on January 1 , 1960 , with Bolard More than Chargé d'Affaires ad interim .
Ambassadors
Leland Barrows
State of Residency : Kansas
Foreign Service officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : April 20 , 1960
Presentation of Credentials : June 9 , 1960
Termination of Mission : Left post , September 6 , 1966
Note : Accredited also to Togo and resident at Yaounde .
Robert L. Payton
State of Residency : Missouri
Non-career appointee
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : January 26 , 1967
Presentation of Credentials : March 4 , 1967
Termination of Mission : Left post , May 27 , 1969
Lewis Hoffacker
State of Residency : District of Columbia
Foreign Service officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : December 2 , 1969
Presentation of Credentials : December 20 , 1969
Termination of Mission : Left post , June 6 , 1972
Note : Also accredited to Equatorial Guinea and resident at Yaounde .
C. Robert Moore
State of Residency : Washington
Foreign Service officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : June 27 , 1972
Presentation of Credentials : July 22 , 1972
Termination of Mission : Left post , July 28 , 1975
Note : Also accredited to Equatorial Guinea and resident at Yaounde .
Herbert J. Spiro
State of Residency : Pennsylvania
Non-career appointee
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : July 24 , 1975
Presentation of Credentials : September 1 , 1975
Termination of Mission : Left post , May 7 , 1977
Note : Accredited also to Equatorial Guinea until Mar 14 , 1976 ; resident at Yaounde .
Mabel M. Smythe
State of Residency : Connecticut
Non-career appointee
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : May 11 , 1977
Presentation of Credentials : October 1 , 1977
Termination of Mission : Left post , February 24 , 1980
Note : Also accredited to Equatorial Guinea , December 17 , 1979 .
Hume A. Horan
State of Residency : New Jersey
Foreign Service officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : June 30 , 1980
Presentation of Credentials : July 29 , 1980
Termination of Mission : Left post , May 17 , 1983
Note : Also accredited to Equatorial Guinea until September 29 , 1981
Myles Robert Rene Frechette
State of Residency : Washington
Foreign Service officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : May 26 , 1983
Presentation of Credentials : September 8 , 1983
Termination of Mission : Left post , July 30 , 1987
Mark L. Edelman
State of Residency : Missouri
Non-career appointee
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : July 31 , 1987
Presentation of Credentials : September 9 , 1987
Termination of Mission : Left post , March 19 , 1989
Frances D. Cook
State of Residency : Florida
Foreign Service officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : November 21 , 1989
Presentation of Credentials : December 21 , 1989
Termination of Mission : Left post , January 1 , 1993
Harriet Winsar Isom
State of Residency : Oregon
Foreign Service officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : August 17 , 1992
Presentation of Credentials : January 19 , 1993
Termination of Mission : Left post January 17 , 1996
Charles H. Twining
State of Residency : Maryland
Foreign Service officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : December 19 , 1995
Presentation of Credentials : February 28 , 1996
Termination of Mission : Left post August 17 , 1998
Note : Also Accredited to Equatorial Guinea and resident at Yaounde .
John Melvin Yates
State of Residency : Washington
Foreign Service officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : October 22 , 1998
Presentation of Credentials : January 5 , 1999
Termination of Mission : Left post November 4 , 2001
Note : Also Accredited to Equatorial Guinea and resident at Yaounde .
George McDade Staples
State of Residency : Kentucky
Foreign Service Officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : September 5 , 2001
Presentation of Credentials : December 21 , 2001
Termination of Mission : Left post , July 10 , 2004
Note : Also accredited to Equatorial Guinea ; resident at Yaounde .
R. Niels Marquardt
State of Residency : California
Foreign Service Officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : July 2 , 2004
Presentation of Credentials : October 29 , 2004
Termination of Mission : April 9 , 2007
Note : Also accredited to Equatorial Guinea ; resident at Yaounde .
Janet E. Garvey
State of Residency : Massachusetts
Foreign Service Officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : May 30 , 2007
Presentation of Credentials : November 9 , 2007
Termination of Mission : August 1 , 2010
Note : Also accredited to Equatorial Guinea ; resident at Yaounde .
Robert P. Jackson
Foreign Service Officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : September 17 , 2010
Presentation of Credentials : October 12 , 2010
Termination of Mission : October 5 , 2013
Michael Hoza
Foreign Service Officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : July 31 , 2014
Presentation of Credentials : August 22 , 2014
Termination of Mission : September 11 , 2017
Peter Barlerin
Foreign Service Officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : November 2 , 2017
Presentation of Credentials : December 20 , 2017
Termination of Mission : July 16 , 2020
Christopher J. Lamora
Foreign Service Officer
Title : Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment : December 18 , 2021
Presentation of Credentials : March 21 , 2022
Termination of Mission : Incumbent
See also
Embassy of Cameroon , Washington , D.C .
Cameroon – United States relations
Foreign relations of Cameroon
Ambassadors of the United States
References
United States Department of State : Background notes on Cameroon
External links
United States Department of State : Chiefs of Mission for Cameroon
United States Department of State : Cameroon
United States Embassy in Yaounde
Cameroon
1960 establishments in Cameroon
United States
Kamel Muhyieddeen كامل محي الدين ( 1928 – 14 July 1984 ) was a political figure of Palestinian descent . They were the Minister of State and Minister of Agriculture for the country Jordan .
Career
They worked in the Agricultural Cooperative Society and then as a consultant . They became a deputy in the Parliament of Jordan , representing the Governorate of Amman . They were a member of the Jordan First Committee and a member of the Jordanian Parties Committee . They served as a senator in the parliament of Jordan from 1963 through 1966 . In 1969 they were the governor of the capital of Jordan , Amman . Muhyieddeen served as a Governor in Abu Dhabi in the 1970s . Speaking for the Jordanian government , Muheddeen rejected calls for a binational state and unilateral declaration of statehood . At a news conference , Muheddeen stated , `` We accept a Palestinian state on the borders of 1967 , with Jerusalem as its capital , the release of Palestinian prisoners , and the resolution of the issue of refugees . ''
They served as a senator in the parliament of Jordan from 1963 through 1966 .
Palestinian statehood
Speaking for the Jordanian government , Muhyieddeen rejected calls for a bi-national state and unilateral declaration of statehood .
At a news conference , Muhyieddeen stated , `` We accept a Palestinian state on the borders of 1967 , with Jerusalem as its capital , the release of Palestinian prisoners , and the resolution of the issue of refugees . ''
Death
Muhyieddeen had a host of health issues and died at the age of 56 from kidney failure on July 14 , 1984 , in their birthplace of Deir Debwan , Ramallah , Palestinian territory .
See also
Cabinet of Jordan
References
External links
Prime Ministry of Jordan website
Government ministers of Jordan
Agriculture ministers of Jordan
Construction ministers of Jordan
Labor ministers of Jordan
1928 births
1984 deaths
Join the Dots is the second studio album by British psychedelic rock band TOY , released on 9 December 2013 in Europe and the UK ( 17 December , USA ) through Heavenly Recordings . The band recorded the album with Dan Carey , who also produced their debut album , and it took twice as long as their first album to record and master . The first single to be released from the album was `` Join the Dots '' , released in October , 2013 , as a download and limited hand-stamped seven-inch vinyl . A limited edition of the album included the EP Join the Dubs containing five Dub remixes .
Reception
Join the Dots received positive reviews from critics . On Metacritic , the album holds a score of 72/100 based on 17 reviews , indicating `` generally favorable reviews . ''
Track listing
`` Conductor '' - 7:08
`` You Wo n't Be the Same '' - 4:41
`` As We Turn '' - 4:09
`` Join the Dots '' - 7:57
`` To a Death Unknown '' - 5:02
`` Endlessly '' - 4:32
`` It 's Been So Long '' - 4:03
`` Left to Wander '' - 4:08
`` Too Far Gone to Know '' - 5:07
`` Frozen Atmosphere '' - 4:05
`` Fall Out of Love '' - 9:51
[ JAPANESE BONUS TRACKS ]
`` Not On Your Own ''
`` Sequence ''
Personnel
Maxim Barron – bass , vocals
Tom Dougall – guitar , vocals
Dominic O'Dair – guitar
Alejandra Diez – synthesizer
Charlie Salvidge – drums , vocals
Dan Carey – mixing , production
Alexis Smith - engineering
References
2013 albums
Toy ( English band ) albums
Heavenly Recordings albums
Albums produced by Dan Carey ( record producer )
Alva was a range of cars made by Automobiles Alva , Courbevoie , Seine , France from 1913 to 1923 .
Some of the line-up of cars had 4-cylinder engines made by SCAP , while others had engines ranging from 1.5 to 2.2-litre capacity . They were conventional in design , aside from the Perrot 4-wheel brakes introduced in 1921 , and some models that had an overhead cam engine .
References
^ Georgano , G.N. , `` Alva '' , in G.N . Georgano , ed. , The Complete Encyclopedia of Motorcars 1885-1968 ( New York : E.P . Dutton and Co. , 1974 ) , pp.38 .
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of France
Vintage vehicles
Cars introduced in 1913
This is a list of the tallest freestanding structures in the world past and present . To be freestanding a structure must not be supported by guy wires , the sea or other types of support . It therefore does not include guyed masts , partially guyed towers and drilling platforms but does include towers , skyscrapers ( pinnacle height ) and chimneys .
Freestanding structures ( past or present ) over
indicates a structure that is no longer standing .
For all structures the pinnacle height is given , so the height of skyscrapers may be different from the values at List of the tallest buildings in the world .
Structures under construction are included in main list if its current height is over .
Other freestanding structures ( past or present ) : between and
Timeline of world 's tallest freestanding structures
See also
List of the tallest structures by country
List of the tallest demolished freestanding structures
List of the tallest towers
List of the tallest chimneys
List of the tallest buildings and structures
List of the tallest freestanding steel structures
List of cities with the most skyscrapers
Lattice tower
References
Freestanding
Lists of construction records
The U2 is an underground line in Nuremberg , opened on 28 January 1984 and the last station along the line to open was Flughafen ( Airport ) in 1999 . The line is about long and has 16 stations ; the termini are Röthenbach and Flughafen . Since 2010 all trains in regular operations are run driverless . At the stretch between Ziegelstein station and Flughafen station is the longest interval between two stations in the network and the only single track section on any subway line in Germany ( both stations have two platform tracks , but the track between the two is single track without passing loops ) .
Overview
In the following , the direction is from southwest to northwest in line with the direction in which the line was built .
The route begins in the southwest of Nuremberg at Röthenbach station , at the western end of a three-track parking and turning system , and continues east along the Schweinauer Hauptstraße under the Main-Danube Canal and the : de : Südwesttangente highway ( southwestern tangential road ) to the station Hohe Marter . This station is the longest in the Nuremberg subway network with and replaces the two abandoned tram stops Friesenstraße and Schweinau , which were formerly located at the two present-day subway exits .
The route continues under Schweinauer Hauptstraße to Schweinau station and St. Leonhard station , which , due to its location in the middle of Schweinauer Straße , is completely elastic so as not to give off the vibrations caused by driving to the surrounding houses . Next is the Rothenburger Straße station beneath the Frankenschnellweg ( A73 ) . Rothenburger Straße station marks the beginning of the shared trunk line between U2 and U3 and is also served by S1 of the Nuremberg S-Bahn . Consequently , a lot of interchanging traffic uses this station . The last part of the southern half of the route runs in a curve under the Obere Kanalstraße and then leads in a right arc to the Plärrer station , where the U2 meets the U1 . The Plärrer is an old interchange point for all kinds of transportation and was served by Germany 's first railway and at times over a dozen tram lines . As of 2022 it is served by all Nuremberg subway lines and two ( out of five ) Nuremberg tram lines .
After the station Plärrer the route runs under the Frauentorgraben to Opernhaus station . During construction of this station which is close to the former city wall , the former moat which had been filled in was restored and thus the station has open air access and natural light to one side . The former moat has been pedestrianized . The route continues to Nuremberg Hauptbahnhof , serving the other main interchange point ( all subway lines ; 3 out of 5 tram lines ) in the network besides Plärrer . Afterwards the line heads north to the Wöhrder Wiese station . Due to its location in the valley of the river Pegnitz , the station had to be lowered and the northern branch of the Pegnitz had to be incorporated into the station building , which can be seen in the relatively low ceiling , which extends across the entire station . The following route runs under the Laufertorgraben and steeply climbs towards Rathenauplatz station , which can be observed in the station itself , as the ceiling from the southern to the northern platform has a significant difference in height . Rathenauplatz station named for the slain politician and industrialist Walter Rathenau is the last station U2 shares with U3 and also allows interchange with tram line 8 , making it one of the busiest stations in the network .
After the Rathenauplatz station , the route initially runs under the Bayreuther Straße , turns right to the Rennweg station under the street of the same name and continues under Schoppershofstraße to the Schoppershof station . Between this and the following station Nordostbahnhof under the Leipziger Platz the two tracks run together in the same single bore tunnel . This is opposed to most of the rest of the line where the two tracks run in separate tunnels .
There is a parking and turning system under the Bessemerstraße in a tube shared with the city-side track . After that the station Herrnhütte station is found at the junction with the Äußere Bayreuther Straße . Then the route takes a narrow counter arc under housing development to the station Ziegelstein beneath Fritz Munkert Platz , at whose northern end is another parking and turning system . The two railway tracks are then merged and run as a single-track tunnel in a westerly direction to the terminus station serving the airport . Due to the long single track section between Ziegelstein and Airport , only one train every ten minutes continues to the airport with most trains during the day terminating at Ziegelstein . This was formerly indicated by short terminating trains being indicated as `` U21 '' . The station serving the airport has two platform tracks but usually only one is in use for passenger service . Occasionally a train with minor defects or awaiting a later departure will wait at the mostly unused second platform track .
Stations
History
Following are the opening dates of the individual pieces of infrastructure .
28 January 1984 : Plärrer ↔ Schweinau
27 September 1986 : Schweinau ↔ Röthenbach
23 September 1988 : Plärrer ↔ Hauptbahnhof
24 September 1990 : Hauptbahnhof ↔ Rathenauplatz
29 September 1993 : Rathenauplatz ↔ Schoppershof
27 January 1996 : Schoppershof ↔ Herrnhütte
27 November 1999 : Herrnhütte ↔ Flughafen
Later phases of construction and conversion to automatic operation
As the construction of U2 neared its end , debates intensified about whether to expand the U-Bahn network further - and if so where - and what to do about the tramway network . At the time of the decision to build the subway , it was planned to shut down the tramway as U-Bahn lines were opened . Initially this was largely uncontroversial , but as tram stations were being shut down years ahead of subway construction - or even without any subway station anywhere nearby even planned - discontent started to rise . Furthermore , the municipal finances , which had been healthy in the 1960s when the decision to build the subway was taken , were becoming increasingly strained and thus a fully fledged three- or even four-line network seemed to be decades away if it was ever going to happen . In consequence this would mean that subway extension beyond a certain point would almost certainly `` shrink '' the tram system to an unsustainable size but connecting every neighborhood that had heretofore had tram service to the U-Bahn seemed out of the question as well .
Furthermore the SPD who had held the mayorality since free elections resumed after World War II ( with the exception of former SPD mayor Uhrschlechter running as an independent for a few years ) lost the 1996 mayoral election , putting a CSU candidate into that office for the first time in history . With political winds now changed , a compromise decision had to be found and the asupervisorstioned budget crunch had to be taken into account . The U2 was finished with a connection to the airport ( then slowly but surely coming into its own as a hub for Air Berlin 's winter season touristic operations ) , but to cut costs it was built single track only . Furthermore , the airport ( owned half by the city and half by the state of Bavaria ) took over part of the cost of the subway extension serving it . It was then decided that a new subway line was going to be built , but the tram network would be kept as well . To reduce costs and to show off Nuremberg 's still existing industrial capabilities , it was decided to run automated trains on the new line which was to share part of its tracks with the existing U2 .
However , by the time this decision was put into practice , the political winds had turned again and Ulrich Maly retook the mayorality for the SPD once more after a single 6 year term by Ludwig Scholz of the CSU . The new U3 was initially planned to open in time for the 2006 FIFA World Cup which had games played in Nuremberg . However , technological issues with the new system and the desire to work out all kinks delayed opening to 2008 . Operations on U2 were never shut down and for almost two years driver operated trains ran in mixed operations with fully automated trains on the sections of U2 shared with U3 . By late 2009 confidence in the new system was large enough that full automatization of U2 was decided upon and since 2 January 2010 ( the day after New Year 's Day ) all trains in revenue service on U2 have been fully automated . This represents the first existing rapid transit line in the world to be converted from fully manual operation to fully automated operation . However , the system has not attracted as many customers outside Nuremberg as had been hoped for when the decision to automate the line was taken .
Operations
During the rush hour peak trains leave every 3 1/3 minutes ( 200 seconds ) overlapping with U3 to a 100 second headway between Rothenburger Straße and Rathenauplatz . As the section of track between Airport and Ziegelstein is single track , only one train every ten minutes serves the airport with most other trains terminating early at Ziegelstein .
Planned extensions
Southern end
As early as the first U-Bahn plans which formed the basis for the decision to build an U-Bahn , an extension towards Stein was proposed . However , the problem with such an extension is the municipal border involved and local politicians in Stein have been reluctant to assume the financial burden of construction and especially the long term burden of maintenance and operation . Another problem is the : de : Gemeindeverkehrsfinanzierungsgesetz ( municipal traffic financing law or GVFG ) which regulates which construction projects get federal and state funding and mandates a so-called `` Benefit-Cost Quotient '' above 1.0 ( i.e . `` benefits '' exceeding `` costs '' ) and an extension to Stein is unlikely to meet that as only the newly built stretch would be taken under consideration .
Northern end
Another extension variously suggested since the extension of tram line 4 northwards to `` am Wegfeld '' , a point due West of the current endpoint of U2 at the airport , was politically decided , is towards the tram/bus interchange point `` am Wegfeld '' in the : de : Knoblauchsland . While various studies have failed to reach the required benefit cost ratio above 1 , the current bus service between the airport and `` am Wegfeld '' ( line 33 with onward service to Fürth Hauptbahnhof and line 30 with onward service to Erlangen ) overlaps to a 10 minute headway , the same as U2 service between the airport and Ziegelstein station . In addition to linking the airport to the interchange point and relieving the residential areas of bus traffic , such an extension would also offer an interchange between tram line 4 ( which is planned to be extended towards Erlangen in the course of the `` Stadt-Umland Bahn “ project ) and U2 ( otherwise only possible at Plärrer station ) and relieve the airport of the role as a bus/subway interchange point , that it only gained in the course of the reorganization of bus traffic in the north of Nuremberg in the course of the opening of the tram extension to `` am Wegfeld '' in 2016 .
Branches or infill stations
There are also various plans for branches and an additional infill station on the last stretch towards the airport . Including a proposed `` Marienberg '' station which was already indicated as a possibility in promotional material released during the opening of the extension towards the airport .
Rolling stock
Prior to the introduction of automatic operation in the course of the opening of U3 ( 2008 ) and the conversion of U2 to all automatic operation ( 2010 ) , the line was served by the same VAG Class DT1 , VAG Class DT2 and even MVG Class A vehicles as U1 . However , with the conversion of U2 to automatic operation , those vehicles were withdrawn from service or switched to exclusively operating on U1 , the last remaining all manual line . Some older units of Class DT1 still contain displays in their interior that can be switched between `` U1 '' , `` U2 '' and the obsolete `` U11 '' and `` U21 '' ( since abandoned designations for truncated runs on the U1 or U2 corridor ) , but they have n't served any purpose since the permanent switch of those vehicles to U1 service and the subsequent abandonment of the `` U11 '' designation .
As of 2022 only VAG Class DT3 ( both with and without a driver 's cabin ) serve on U2 , just as they do on U3 . The VAG Class G1 is capable of both automatic and manual operation and could in the future be used on U2 as well .
See also
Nuremberg U-Bahn
U1 ( Nuremberg U-Bahn )
U3 ( Nuremberg U-Bahn )
Nuremberg S-Bahn
S1 ( Nuremberg )
S2 ( Nuremberg )
S3 ( Nuremberg )
S4 ( Nuremberg )
References
Nuremberg U-Bahn lines
de : U-Bahn Nürnberg # Liniennetz
Runaway Bay is a coastal suburb in the City of Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia . In the , Runaway Bay had a population of 9,068 people .
The neighbourhood of Anglers Paradise ( ) is situated within Runaway Bay . It is the southern area of Runaway Bay developed before 1967 .
Geography
The suburb is bounded by Poinsettia Avenue in the north , by Oxley Drive and Pine Ridge Road to the west , by Coombabah Road and Biggera Creek ( ) to the south . In the east , the suburb 's boundaries extend into the Gold Coast Broadwater .
Of the actual land surface , the land use is residential with the exception of the north-western corner of the suburb which is part of the Pine Ridge Conservation Park ( ) which extends north into Hollywell .
Within its sea area , there is :
Crab Island ( ) , an undeveloped low-lying mangrove area
Carters Bank ( ) , a sandbank beyond the mouth of Biggera Creek .
There is a bridge in the south-east of the locality across the mouth of Biggera Creek to the Lands End headland in Biggera Waters to the south .
History
In 1939 , Robert George Oates ( as the Anglers Paradise Development Company ) bought of land along Biggera Creek ( around Ocean Street ) and the Broadwater ( around Bayview Street ) . By mid 1950s , there was a town water supply and about 50 homes , both permanent residences and holiday homes . In 1960 the construction of the bridge across the mouth of Biggera Creek to Lands End ( then in Labrador ) encouraged further development in the area .
In 1967 , the Lae Enterprises company bought of land north of Anglers Paradise along the western shore of the Broadwater . Development started in 1972 to transform the subdivision into a residential and boating area . The name `` Runaway Bay '' was coined to promote the area as a tranquil retreat . Initially the name was rejected as an official suburb name , but it was used for the local post office , which led to it becoming the official suburb name .
St Francis Xavier 's Catholic School opened on 28 January 1975 . From that time until 1980 , Catholic church services were held at the school by priests from the Southport parish . On 5 October 1980 a separate parish was formed with Father Basil Nolan as the first priest . The Holy Family Catholic Church opened in 1983 .
The Runaway Bay Library opened in 1992 with a major refurbishment in 2011 .
The Sports Super Centre was established in 2000 by runner Ron Clarke . In 2010 it was expanded to include an education program for schools . In 2011 it was sold to the Queensland Government .
In the , Runaway Bay had a population of 9,068 people .
Education
St Francis Xavier School is a Catholic primary ( Prep-6 ) school for boys and girls at 160 Bayview Street ( ) . In 2018 , the school had an enrolment of 627 students with 36 teachers ( 31 full-time equivalent ) and 34 non-teaching staff ( 24 full-time equivalent ) .
Runaway Bay Sport and Leadership Excellence Centre is a government sports education centre on the corner of Sports Drive and Morala Ave ( ) .
There are no regular government schools in Runaway Bay . The nearest government primary schools are Biggera Waters State School in neighbouring Biggera Waters to the south and Coombabah State School in neighbouring Coombabah to the north-west . The nearest government secondary school is Coombabah State High School in neighbouring Coombabah to the south-west .
Facilities
Runaway Bay Police Station is at 190 Morala Avenue ( ) .
Runaway Bay Ambulance Station is at 2 Sports Drive ( ) .
Runaway Bay has its State Emergency Service facility off Sports Drive ( ) .
Amenities
Runaway Bay Shopping Centre is in Lae Drive ( ) . Runaway Bay Post office is within the centre .
There is a cluster of fast food restaurants on the corner of Lae Drive and Oxley Drive ( ) .
The Gold Coast City Council operates a public library in Lae Drive ( ) next to the community centre .
Holy Family Catholic Church is in Simbai Street ( ) adjacent to the Catholic school .
Natural amenities include Pine Ridge Conservation Park and numerous other parks :
Anchorage Way roadside park , provides public access to the canal on the corner of Anchorage Way and Grand Canal Way ( )
Anglers Park , a long park on the Broadwater foreshore along Anglers Esplanade ( )
Biggera Park , a neighbourhood park accessed from Coombabah Road ( )
Broadview Park , a long park on the Broadwater foreshore along Constance Esplanade ( )
Joseph Schneider Park , a small park on the Broadwater foreshore on Joseph Street ( )
Kogler Avenue Reserve , beach access to the Broadwater from Poinsettia Avenue ( )
Len And Muriel Godlonton Reserve , undeveloped bushland on Limetree Parade ( )
Limetree Junction Parklands , undeveloped bushland on Oxley Drive ( )
Marina Crescent Reserve , parkland on Marina Crescent ( )
Marina Park , parkland beside the marina at the end of Marina Crescent ( )
Morala Reserve , canal access from Morala Drive ( )
O'Connell Park , large park on Ocean Street with playground , barbeques and picnic facilities ( )
Oxley Drive Park , green space beside Oxley Drive ( )
Pacific Park , a long park on the Broadwater foreshore along Oatland Esplanade ( )
Poinsettia Park , parkland beside the marina on Marina Crescent ( )
Rollo Meyers Park , parkland on Poinsettia Avenue ( )
Ryder Park , park with boat ramp into Biggera Creek on Ray Street ( )
Shearwater Park , a large park on the Broadwater foreshore along Shearwater Esplanade ( )
Stradbroke North Park , a small park beside Biggera Creek on Stradbroke Street ( )
Thyme Court Reserve , green space beside Oxley Drive ( )
There are two boat ramps in Runaway Bay , both managed by the Gold Coast City Council :
on the north bank of Biggera Creek on Ray Street ( )
on the Broadwater at Howard Street ( )
Sport and recreation
The Sports Super Centre is a premier sports training and events facility in the Gold Coast . Facilities accommodate athletics , cricket , AFL , netball , soccer and indoor sports . The sports centre in Lae Drive ( ) includes a stadium , sports medicine facility , gymnasium and Olympic aquatic centre .
The suburb is also home to the Runaway Bay Junior Rugby League club , which was formed in 1974 after local residents met at the old Runaway Bay shopping centre with the intention of forming a club for kids to play sport .
Bayview Harbour Yacht Squadron has a marina on Oatland Esplanade ( ) with access to the Gold Coast Broadwater .
A number of well-known sporting teams represent the local area , including the rugby league team , the Runaway Bay Seagulls .
See also
City of Gold Coast Libraries
References
External links
Suburbs of the Gold Coast , Queensland
Bays of Queensland
Matilda Friend ( born 30 August 1999 ) is an Australian former competitive ice dancer . With their skating partner , William Badaoui , they are the 2016 Australian national champion and represented Australia at five Four Continents Figure Skating Championships .
Career
Early in their career , Friend skated with Patrick Adderley . They won two Australian junior titles .
By the 2014–15 season , Friend had teamed up with William Badaoui . The two debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix ( JGP ) series and won the first of their three junior national titles .
In 2015–16 , Friend/Badaoui returned to the JGP series and also made their senior international debut at the Open d'Andorra , in November 2015 . They then competed at their first ISU Championships , placing 16th at the 2016 Four Continents Championships , held in February in Taiwan , and 30th at the 2016 World Junior Championships , which took place in March in Hungary .
Friend/Badaoui took the Australian national senior title in the 2016–17 season . They finished 15th at the 2017 Four Continents Championships in South Korea and 25th at the 2017 World Junior Championships in Taiwan .
The duo competed at three more Four Continents , placing 14th in 2018 , 12th in 2019 , and 15th in 2020 .
They trained at Macquarie Ice Rink under 1988 Winter Olympian Monica MacDonald .
Programs
with Badaoui
Competitive highlights
With Badaoui
CS : Challenger Series ; JGP : Junior Grand Prix
With Adderley
References
Australian female ice dancers
1999 births
Living people
Competitors at the 2019 Winter Universiade
Sportspeople from Sydney
Top Secret is a British TV spy series broadcast in two seasons on ITV in 1961-1962 which was produced by Associated-Rediffusion . It starred William Franklyn as suave secret agent Peter Dallas , over a total of 26 black-and-white episodes , each filling a 60 minutes slot . All episodes also featured Patrick Cargill as wealthy business person Miguel Garetta , and Alan Rothwell as Dallas 's nephew Mike .
Outline
The series was produced by Associated-Rediffusion Television . The directors were Adrian Brown and Raymond Menmuir , and the main writer was Cedric Wells . The series was set in South America , and was filmed partly in Argentina , with the interior sets in a London studio .
The main theme music - ' '' Sucu Sucu '' - was composed by Tarateño Rojas and performed by Laurie Johnson and their orchestra . Laurie Johnson was part of the worldwide trend that was covering this song in many different languages . It was a minor hit and entered the UK pop music charts .
List of episodes
Episode titles are given below , with original broadcast dates in brackets .
Series 1
Episode 1 : `` Destination Buenos Aires '' ( 11 August 1961 )
Episode 2 : `` Death on Wheels '' ( 18 August 1961 )
Episode 3 : `` The Dead Village '' ( 25 August 1961 )
Episode 4 : `` Merchant of Death '' ( 1 September 1961 )
Episode 5 : `` The Inca Dove '' ( 8 September 1961 )
Episode 6 : `` Stranger in Cantabria '' ( 15 September 1961 )
Episode 7 : `` Vendetta '' ( 22 September 1961 )
Episode 8 : `` The Disappearing Trick '' ( 29 September 1961 )
Episode 9 : `` After the Fair '' ( 6 October 1961 )
Episode 10 : `` X '' ( 13 October 1961 )
Episode 11 : `` The Little One Is Dangerous '' ( 20 October 1961 )
Episode 12 : `` The Men from Yesterday '' ( 27 October 1961 )
Episode 13 : `` Shakedown at Saramino '' ( 3 November 1961 )
Episode 14 : `` Festival of Fear '' ( 10 November 1961 )
Series 2
Episode 1 : `` Threat from the Past '' ( 9 May 1962 )
Episode 2 : `` The Man from Carataz '' ( 16 May 1962 )
Episode 3 : `` The Burning Question '' ( 23 May 1962 )
Episode 4 : `` The Death of Stefano '' ( 30 May 1962 )
Episode 5 : `` The Second Man '' ( 6 June 1962 )
Episode 6 : `` Maggie '' ( 13 June 1962 )
Episode 7 : `` The Eagle of San Gualo '' ( 20 June 1962 )
Episode 8 : `` Vengeance at La Vina '' ( 27 June 1962 )
Episode 9 : `` The Life Stealers '' ( 4 July 1962 )
Episode 10 : `` Dangerous Project '' ( 11 July 1962 )
Episode 11 : `` Dance for Spies '' ( 18 July 1962 )
Episode 12 : `` Escape to Danger '' ( 25 July 1962 )
According to the lostshows.com website , no recording of any of the episodes is known to survive due to the fact all programmes were broadcast live , no recordings were made ( See Wiping ) .
References
External links
1961 British television series debuts
1962 British television series endings
1960s British drama television series
Television shows produced by Associated-Rediffusion
Black-and-white British television shows
The 2014–15 All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship was the 12th staging of the All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association .
On 15 February 2015 , Bennettsbridge won the championship following a 3–19 to 1–8 defeat of Fullen Gaels in the final .
Results
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
Quarter-final
Semi-finals
Final
References
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
2014
The Callistophytaceae was a family of seed ferns ( pteridosperms ) from the Carboniferous and Permian periods . They first appeared in late Middle Pennsylvanian ( Moscovian ) times , 306.5–311.7 million years ago ( Ma ) in the tropical coal forests of Euramerica , and became an important component of Late Pennsylvanian ( Kasimovian-Gzhelian ; 299.0–306.5 Ma ) vegetation of clastic soils and some peat soils . The best known callistophyte was documented from Late Pennsylvanian coal ball petrifactions in North America .
Description
Stems
The relatively slender stems ( fossil genus Callistophyton ) had a eustele with a well-developed zone of secondary wood , and unlike most ( but not all ) other Palaeozoic pteridosperms , showed axillary branching . These characters strongly point to its having been a scrambling or climbing plant . A characteristic feature of the stems is the presence in the cortex of spherical secretory structures . Similar structures have also been found in associated ovules , pollen-organs and foliage , and were one of the main lines of evidence on which the reconstruction of the plant was based ( compare with similar evidence used to reconstruct the Lyginopteris-bearing fossil plant ) .
Ovules
The small ovules ( fossil genus Callospermarion ) with the characteristic secretory structures have an integument that was only fused to the nucellus in the basal part of the ovules and so superficially resemble medullosalean ovules . Unlike the Medullosales , the ovules appear to be bilaterally symmetrical , although details of the vasculature suggest they were in fact evolved from plants with radially symmetrical ovules . The apical part of the nucellus has a lagenostome-like projection , which breaks down to form the pollen chamber . The full ontogeny of these ovules has been worked out in some detail and seems to be essentially similar to that seen in modern-day gymnosperms , including the use of a pollen drop to help capture and draw the pollen into the pollen chamber and a pollen tube to deliver the generative nucleus . The ovules were borne on the underside of pinnules that did not differ significantly in form from those of the purely vegetative fronds .
Synangia
The pollen-producing organs ( fossil genus Idanothekion ) consisted of small , radially symmetrical synangia , with each pollen-sac having a longitudinal dehisence structure . Like the ovules , the synangia were attached to the underside of pinnules that did not differ significantly in form from those of the purely vegetative fronds , and so can give a superficially similarity to fertile fern fronds . Unlike ferns , however , these pollen-organs produced monolete , bisaccate pollen ( fossil genus Vesicaspora ) bearing some similarity to the pollen of many conifers .
Foliage
The foliage , which is the part of these plants most widely-found as macrofossils , consists of fronds with a basal dichotomy of the main rachis , each branch producing pinnately divided segments , but with no pinnae attached below the dichotomy . Such fronds , when found as adpressions , are known as Dicksonites . The pinnules tend to be tongue-shaped or somewhat lobed , and can closely resemble pinnules of Lyginopteridales fronds such as Mariopteris . Distinguishing the fronds of these two orders of pteridosperms can in fact be very difficult unless the pinnules are fertile , although generally the pinnule lamina of Dicksonites fronds tend to be somewhat vaulted , whereas Mariopteris pinnules are usually flatter .
Distribution
Occasional Vesicaspora pollen grains and fragments of Dicksonites-like fronds occur in early Moscovian ( middle Westphalian ) strata , especially in intra-montane basins . However , callistophyte foliage and pollen suddenly become relatively widespread and abundant in Euramerican floras in late Moscovian ( late Asturian ) floras . This increase in callistophyte abundance is one of the indexes to the base of what is called the Dicksonites plueckenetii Subzone , which marks a significant phase in the continent-wide changes to the wetland ( `` coal swamp '' ) vegetation that took place in late Moscovian times in response to a combination of tectonics-induced landscape changes and climate change . The increase in abundance of the callistophytes coincided with a decline in abundance and diversity of the Lyginopteridales , which occupied very similar ecological niches and were very similar in general habit . It seems possible , therefore , that the reproductively more sophisticated callistophytes were able to out-compete and replace the Lyginopteridales .
The Callistophytaceae flourished in Euramerica through Late Pennsylvanian times , eventually becoming extinct as this part of Pangaea became arid at the start of Permian times . They extend through the Permian of China and include anatomically preserved ovules of Callospermarion , vegetative foliage of Emplecopteris triagularis , male organs of Norinotheca and ovulate fronds of Norinosperma , and stems of Calistophyton . Callistophytales appear to be victims of the Permo-Triassic extinction event in 'Cathaysia ' .
References
Pteridospermatophyta
Carboniferous plants
Permian plants
Prehistoric plant families
Carboniferous first appearances
Permian extinctions
The Zanzibar Volunteer Defence Force was a military unit raised in the British protectorate of Zanzibar during the First World War . It was formed to supplement the Zanzibar garrison after defeat in the 4 November 1914 Battle of Tanga left British forces in the region on the defensive . Though enlistment was voluntary almost the entire able-bodied military-age European population of the protectorate joined the unit . After the British garrison was withdrawn in October 1915 the Zanzibar Volunteer Defence Force and other indigenous units were responsible for the defence of the protectorate .
Background
The British Imperial Service Infantry Brigade was defeated in the 4 November 1914 Battle of Tanga of the East African campaign . This put them on the defensive for the following year due to a lack of troops . British West African troops were tied up in the Kamerun Campaign and South African forces in the South West Africa campaign . British and Indian troops were also largely unavailable due to commitments in other theatres . British residents in East Africa generally opposed arming native Africans through an expansion of the pre-war King 's African Rifles ( KAR ) . They instead banded together in white-only volunteer units such as the Uganda Volunteer Rifles , Northern Rhodesia Rifles , and Nyasaland Volunteer Reserve .
Unit
The Zanzibar Volunteer Defence Force was a development of the Town Guard that had been formed shortly after the start of the war to help the small garrison of one KAR company to defend the protectorate . After the defeat at Tanga the British resident in Zanzibar requested a full battalion of infantry to defend the protectorate ; they received four companies of the Gwalior Rifles that had survived the battle . They shortly afterwards reorganised the Town Guard into the Zanzibar Volunteer Defence Force , to supplement the garrison . Enlistment was purely voluntary and open to all military-aged residents of European descent . A history of the war states that `` practically every able-bodied member of the small British community '' joined the Zanzibar Volunteer Defence Force . The unit was commanded by Captain J. H. Sinclair .
In April 1915 the KAR company was withdrawn from the garrison and they were followed by the Gwalior Rifles in October ; Zanzibar was thereafter required to be self-sufficient in defence . Despite the earlier misgivings several new units of African infantry were formed , including the Arab Rifles , East Africa Protectorate Police Battalion , Uganda Police Service Battalion and the Uganda Armed Levies . The Zanzibar Volunteer Defence Force was reinforced by a company of the ( African ) Zanzibar Armed Constabulary . Men from the police were also formed into the Zanzibar African Rifles , which was later incorporated as the 7th battalion of the KAR ; the Mafia Armed Constabulary was also formed at this time .
References
Military units and formations established in 1914
1914 establishments in the British Empire
British colonial regiments
Military history of Tanzania
Military units and formations of the British Empire in World War I
The European Women 's Youth Handball Championship is the official competition for youth women handball national teams in Europe , managed by the European Handball Federation . It takes place every two years . Since the 2005 edition , the championship received its current name : EHF European Women 's U-17 Handball Championship .
Medal summary
Medal table
See also
Youth World Championship
Junior European Championship
Junior World Championship
External links
Eurohandball.com
European Handball Federation competitions
Women 's handball
Youth handball
Handball
1992 establishments in Europe
Recurring sporting events established in 1992
Madana-Varman ( reigned c. 1128–1165 CE ) was a king of the Chandela dynasty of India . They succeeded their father Prithvi-Varman as the ruler of the Jejakabhukti region ( Bundelkhand in present-day Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh ) . They revived the Chandela glory by subduing the neighbouring kingdoms , and commissioned several tanks and temples .
Military career
The inscriptions of Madanavarman 's successors describe their military achievements using conventional praises , but do not provide any specific details . The Baghari inscription of Paramardi boasts that Madanavarman scattered their enemies with their sword , just like the warrior-deity Indra cut off the wings of the mountains and killed the Vala demon . It further states that their enemies saw their red sword as they moved rapidly towards their own destruction , just as Rahu comes in contact with a newly-arisen sun . It also describes the pitiful condition of their enemies ' wives , as they tearfully talked to their pet parrots with no hopes of their husbands ' return from the battlefield .
Relations with the neighbours
The Mau inscription of Madanavarman 's minister Gadadhara states that the minister helped the Chandela king subdue all other kings . It claims that the Chedi king fled on listening Madanavarman 's name , the king of Kashi remained friendly to them out of fear , the arrogant king of Malava was quickly exterminated , and the other kings enjoyed supreme comfort by paying homage to him . While these are obvious exaggerations by a court poet , it appears that Madanavarman was able to exert political influence over these rulers .
The Chedi king can be identified with the Tripuri Kalachuri king Gaya-Karna . The defeats of their predecessors by the Paramaras and the Gahadavalas had weakened the Kalachuri kingdom . Taking advantage of this situation , Madanavarman may have annexed the northern part of the Baghelkhand region , as suggested by the Panwar hoard of their coins . The inscriptions of Gaya-Karna 's successor Narasimha have been discovered in this region , at Lal Pahadi ( 1158 CE ) and Alhaghat ( 1159 CE ) . This suggests that the Chandelas could not retain this territory for long .
The king of Malava can be identified with the Paramara king Yashovarman or their son Jayavarman . The Paramaras had been weakened after being defeated by the Gujarat Chaulukya king Jayasimha Siddharaja . Madanavarman may have seized this opportunity to capture a part of the Paramara territory . According to the 1134 CE Augasi inscription , Madanavarman was residing at Bhaillasvamin ( Bhilsa or Vidisha ) bear the Chandela-Paramara border . The Semra inscription of their successor Paramardi also indicates that the Chandelas crossed the Betwa River and annexed a part of the Paramara territory . This region was recaptured by Yashovarman 's son Lakshmivarman , as indicated by a 1200 VS ( 1143-44 CE ) inscription .
The king of Kashi can be identified with the Gahadavala ruler Govinda-Chandra , who appears to have maintained friendly relations with the Chandelas .
Conflict with Jayasimha Siddharaja
A Kalanjara inscription states that Madanavarman defeated the Gurjara king in an instant , just like Krishna defeated Kamsa . Gurjara here refers to Gujarat , and its king is identified with the Gujarat Chaulukya ruler Jayasimha Siddharaja . The Chaulukya and the Chandela kingdoms were separated by the Paramara territory , and the defeat of the Paramaras by Jayasimha probably led to a conflict between the two powers .
The Prithviraj Raso of Chand Bardai mentions the defeat of a Chaulukya ruler , which seems to corroborate the claim made in the Kalanjara inscription . However , the Gujarat chronicles state that it was Jayasimha who emerged victorious in this conflict . According to the Kumarapala-Charita , Jayasimha defeated the king of Mahoba ( that is , Madanavarman ) . The Kirti-Kaumudi states that Madanavarman paid a tribute to Jayasimha after seeing the fate of ruler of Dhara ( the Paramara king ) .
The Kumarapala-Prabandha narrates a similar legend : A bard once told Jayasimha that the Chandela king was a very wise , generous and pleasure-loving ruler , whose court was as splendid as that of Jayasimha . On hearing this , Jayasimha deputed another person to verify this claim . When the claim was confirmed , they marched against the Chandelas . After reaching the outskirts of Mahoba , they sent an emissary , asking Madanavarman to surrender . Madanavarman was busy celebrating the spring festival , and did not take the demand seriously . When the emissary reminded them about the fate of the Paramaras , they derisively asked their minister to make Jayasimha return by paying them some money . Jayasimha received the money , but when they heard about Madanavarman 's nonchalance , they refused to return without meeting the Chandela king . They visited the Chandela palace with a large retinue . Only four of their attendants were allowed to accompany them inside the palace , but Madanavarman offered them a warm reception . Consequently , Jayasimha returned to their capital peacefully .
According to K. M. Munshi , the above-mentioned legend is `` fanciful '' , and Jayasimha did not achieve much success against the Chandelas . Historian R. K. Dikshit theorizes that the conflict between Jayasimha and Madanavarman was inconclusive , with both the sides claiming victory .
Other campaigns
A fragmentary Mahoba inscription dated 1240 VS ( 1183-84 CE ) contains a vague reference to wars with Anga , Vanga and Kalinga . These probably refer to Madanavarman 's campaign in eastern India .
Extent of the kingdom
Compared to the other Chandela rulers , an unusually large number of coins and inscriptions are available from their reign . The locations of their discoveries and the place names mentioned in the various inscriptions indicate that Madanavarman 's kingdom roughly included the Vindhyan region from Kaimur Range in the west to the Bhanrer Range in the east , between the Betwa and the Yamuna rivers .
Inscriptions from their reign have been found at Augasi ( Banda district ) , Ajaygarh , Barigar ( near Charkhari ) , Kalanjara , Khajuraho , Mahoba , Mau , and Papaura ( Tikamgarh district ) . The Augasi copper-plate inscription states that it was issued at Bhilsa ( Vidisha ) , which indicates that Bhilsa was also a part of their kingdom . The Barigar ( Varidurga ) inscription mentions several places which can be identified with parts of the present-day Damoh , Jhansi , and Sagar districts . A coin hoard found at Panwar in Rewa district suggests that the Bagelkhand area was also a part of their kingdom .
Administration
Madanavarman 's prime minister was Gadadhara , who had also served their father . The Mau inscription praises Gadadhara for their knowledge of the Vedas and their pious acts , including the construction of a Vishnu temple and a tank near Deddu village . Madanavarman 's chief counsellor was a learned Brahmin named Lahada , who was proficient in arts .
Madanavarman 's senapati ( chief general ) was Ajayapala , who is mentioned in Paramardi 's Semra inscription as the son of senapati Kilhana . Their maha-pratihara ( chief chamberlain ) was Samgrama-Simha , who is mentioned in a Kalanjara inscription .
Madanavarman issued gold , silver and copper coins featuring a seated goddess . They also issued copper coins featuring the deity Hanuman . These coins mention their name as Shriman Madana-Varma-Deva .
Public works
According to the Paramala-Raso , Madanavarman commissioned a large number of tanks and temples . They also gifted large amounts of gold , jewels , horses , and elephants to Brahmins .
Madanavarman 's name is found on the buildings at Ajaygarh and Kalanjara . The ruined Shiva and Vishnu temples located around the lake at Mahoba are ascribed to him . The ruined temple of Madanesha-Sagara-Pura in Ahar ( Tikamgarh district ) also bears their name . Tanks named `` Madana-Sagara '' ( or Madan Sagar ) after them are located in Mahoba , Jatara and Ahar-Narayanpura area of Tikamgarh district . Temples commissioned by them were once located on the banks of these tanks . Several other places are named after Madanavarman ; these include Madanpura in Jhansi district and Madankhera near Mahoba .
Several images of Jain tirthankaras from their reign have been found at Ahar , Khajuraho , Mahoba , Papaura and other places .
Personal life
An 1192 CE inscription of Madanavarman , now at Bharat Kala Bhavan , mentions three of their queens : Maharani ( chief queen ) Valhana-Devi , Rajni Lakhamadevi and Rajni Chaandala devi .
According to a Kalanjara inscription , Pratapa-Varman was their younger brother . Madanavarman 's son was Yasho-Varman II , and their grandson was Paramardi-Deva . Yasho-Varman either did not rule , or ruled for a very short time . Historical evidence suggests that Madanavarman was succeeded by Paramardi .
References
Bibliography
Chandelas of Jejakabhukti
12th-century Indian monarchs
Houghton-Portage Township Schools ( abbr . HPTS ) is a school district that covers the city of Houghton , Michigan and Portage Township . It includes three schools : Houghton Elementary School , Houghton Middle School , and Houghton High School .
References
School districts in Michigan
Education in Houghton County , Michigan
Houghton , Michigan
Babar Yaqoob Fateh Muhammad is a retired Pakistani civil servant who serves as chairperson of the Federal Land Commission of Pakistan ( with status of a Federal Minister ) , in office since April 2020 . Previously , they served in BPS-22 grade as the Cabinet Secretary of Pakistan , Chief Secretary Balochistan and Maritime Secretary ( in acting capacity ) . They also served as ECP Secretary and Chief Secretary Gilgit Baltistan . They belong to the Pakistan Administrative Service and is batchmates with Shehzad Arbab , Tariq Bajwa and Sajjad Saleem Hotiana .
Career
Babar Yaqoob currently serves as chairperson of the Federal Land Commission of Pakistan and enjoys the status of a Federal Minister . Previously , they served as Cabinet Secretary of Pakistan under Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and as Chief Secretary Balochistan from 2012 to 2014 . They also held the office of Maritime Secretary of Pakistan in an acting capacity . Earlier , they served as and Chief Secretary Gilgit Baltistan . They also remained as District Coordination Officer Kasur .
During the 2018 general elections , they served as the ECP Secretary . Babar is known for their upright and solid reputation .
See also
Government of Pakistan
Pakistan Administrative Service
External links
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Pakistani civil servants
Government of Pakistan
Pakistani government officials
Cee Cee Chapman ( born Melissa Carol Chapman on December 13 , 1958 in Portsmouth , Virginia ) is an American country music singer-songwriter . Chapman was signed to Curb Records . They charted five singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart .
Chapman was nominated for Top New Female Vocalist at the 1988 Academy of Country Music Awards . They were also nominated for Favorite Country New Artist at the American Music Awards of 1990 .
Jack Hurst of the Chicago Tribune gave Chapman 's eponymous second album three stars out of four , calling them a `` straight-ahead singer '' who `` attacks almost any kind of song here with obvious personal involvement that is often stunning . '' The album also received a favorable review from People , which stated that it was `` characterized by intelligent song selection '' and that Chapman `` at times [ sounds ] like Cher gone down-home . ''
Discography
Albums
Singles
Music videos
References
1958 births
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
Living people
Country musicians from Virginia
Musicians from Portsmouth , Virginia
Curb Records artists
Capitol Records artists
Singer-songwriters from Virginia
20th-century American singers
20th-century American women singers
21st-century American women
State Assembly ( Il Tymen ) ( , ) is the name for the unicameral legislature of the Sakha Republic , Russia . It is a legal successor of the Supreme Council of the Sakha Republic .
The State Assembly comprises seventy deputies who are elected for five-year terms . Most of its members are from United Russia , the dominant political party of Russia as a whole . The Communist Party of the Russian Federation , A Just Russia and the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia make up the opposition .
See also
List of Chairmen of the State Assembly of the Sakha Republic
References
Government of Russia
Politics of the Sakha Republic
Sakha
Sakha
The Palestine sunbird ( Cinnyris osea ) is a small passerine bird of the sunbird family , Nectariniidae . Found in parts of the Middle East and sub-Saharan Africa , it is also known as the orange-tufted sunbird , a name also used for the similar Cinnyris bouvieri , found further south in Africa . In 2015 , the Palestinian Authority adopted the species as a national bird . The specific name osea is derived from Ancient Greek ὁσια ( hosia , `` holy '' ) .
Description
The Palestine sunbird is 8 to 12 cm long with a wingspan of 14 to 16 cm . Males have an average weight of 7.6 g and females weigh around 6.8 g. The bill is fairly long , black and curves downwards . The plumage of breeding males is mostly dark but appears glossy blue or green in the light . There are orange tufts at the sides of the breast which are hard to see except at close range . Females and juveniles are grey-brown above with pale underparts . Non-breeding males are similar but may retain some dark feathers .
It has a high , fast , jingling song and various calls including a harsh alarm call .
Habitat and range
It occurs in areas with high temperatures and dry climate from sea level up to an altitude of 3200 m. It inhabits dry woodland , scrub , wadis , savannas , orchards and gardens . It is common in towns in some areas , and is a familiar sight in Tel Aviv .
The Middle Eastern subspecies C. o. osea breeds from Israel , the Palestinian territories and Jordan in the north , down through western Saudi Arabia to Yemen and Oman in the south . In recent decades it has colonized the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt . It has been observed breeding in Lebanon and regularly winters in both Lebanon and Syria . The African subspecies C. o. decorsei is found very locally in parts of Sudan , north-west Uganda , the Central African Republic , north-east Democratic Republic of Congo and northern Cameroon .
Feeding
The diet consists mainly of insects and nectar . The tongue is long and brush-tipped to extract nectar from flowers .
Reproduction
The purse-like nest hangs from a branch in a tree or bush . It is 18 cm long and 8 cm wide at the base . It is made of leaves , grass and other plant material which is bound together with hair and spider webs and lined with wool and feathers . One to three smooth , glossy eggs are laid . These are somewhat variable in colour ; often white or grey with faint markings at the broader end . They are incubated for 13 to 14 days . The young are downy with an orange-red mouth and fledge after 14 to 21 days .
References
Citations
General references
Harrison , Colin ( 1975 ) . A Field Guide to the Nests , Eggs and Nestlings of British and European Birds , Collins , London .
Hollom , P. A. D. , Porter , R. F. , Christensen , S. & Willis , Ian ( 1988 ) . Birds of the Middle East and North Africa , T & AD Poyser , Calton , England .
Sinclair , Ian & Ryan , Peter ( 2003 ) . Birds of Africa south of the Sahara , Struik , Cape Town .
Snow , D. W. & Perrins , C. M. ( 1998 ) . Birds of the Western Palearctic : Concise Edition , Vol . 2 , Oxford University Press , Oxford .
External links
Palestine sunbird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of the Middle East
Palestine sunbird
Fauna of Israel
National symbols of the Palestinian National Authority
National symbols of the State of Palestine
Palestine sunbird
`` Kites '' is a ballad written by Hal Hackady and Lee Pockriss . It was first recorded by the Rooftop Singers as their last single in 1967 .
The song then became a hit for Simon Dupree and the Big Sound , a group of the Shulman brothers , who went on to form the progressive rock band Gentle Giant . Their first releases had not been successful and they looked to their manager , John King , for inspiration . They suggested `` Kites '' , which they had obtained from Robbins ' Music . It was not their preferred style but King insisted .
The song was recorded at Abbey Road using unconventional instruments such as a wind machine and included a spoken interlude in Chinese , composed of `` sweet nothings '' and performed by the actor Jacqui Chan , a friend of the band . The spoken words are in Mandarin , a language which they did not usually speak . One translation is : `` I love you , I love you , My love is very strong . It flies high like a kite before the wind , Please do not let go of the string . ''
The single reached number 8 in the UK Singles chart in late 1967 and , as an example of the early psychedelic rock style , it has since appeared on many compilations , especially those themed around psychedelia . Music historian Paul Stump called it `` one of the first pop singles to employ a bank of keyboards simultaneously for melodic and colouristic purposes '' . The specific keyboards featured are organ , mellotron , piano , and vibraphone .
References
External links
Simon Dupree & The Big Sound
1967 songs
1967 singles
Songs written by Lee Pockriss
The Cyrkle songs
Parlophone singles
Macaronic songs
The Delaware Literary Institute was a secondary school located at Franklin , New York . In the mid-19th century it was one of the most prominent educational institutions in New York State . It operated from 1835 to 1902 .
History
The Delaware Literary Institute was chartered in 1835 as a `` literary institution for the instruction and education of youth of both sexes , '' with a primary aim of educating ministers and missionary teachers . The first building opened in 1836 ( Old Stone Hall ) and enrollment was 45 male and 38 female students . In 1852 , the student body stood at 409 . In 1852 , a large three story structure known as Ladies Boarding Hall was constructed . In 1855–1856 , Chapel Hall was built and the New Stone Hall constructed to replace the Old Stone Hall that was destroyed by fire .
Enrollment declined after the American Civil War and remained at about 225 through the next 30 years . Enrollment dropped in the 1890s due to competition from public schools . In 1902 , Delaware Literary Institute succumbed to public and financial pressures and leased its buildings for use as a Union Free School . Chapel Hall and the New Stone Hall are the only remaining structures . Chapel Hall is used by the Franklin Stage Company , a professional theater founded in 1996 , operating on an Actors Equity Association Small Professional Theater Tier IV contract .
Prominent graduates
Arthur C. Butts
Charles M. Preston
Charles W. Gillet
Samuel F. Miller ( US politician )
Charles J. Knapp
Ferris Jacobs , Jr .
William H. Steele
Washington Irving Warrey
N. B. Willey
References
Defunct schools in New York ( state )
Educational institutions established in 1835
Educational institutions disestablished in 1902
1835 establishments in New York ( state )
1902 disestablishments in New York ( state )
Sweet Steve is the man behind Baron Zen . Their recording career as Baron Zen started back in 1988 , collected in At the Mall .
Baron Zen is DIY music that wears its pop influence on its sleeve : covers of Joy Division , Gap Band , Katrina and the Waves , and high-energy disco classic “ When I Hear Music ” by Debbie Deb play alongside Sweet Steve 's originals .
At the Mall was followed up by the At the Mall : Remixes album in 2007 featuring remixes by the likes of Peanut Butter Wolf ( `` At the Mall '' ) , dam-funk ( `` Burn Rubber '' ) , James Pants ( `` Got ta Get Ridda Rick '' ) , Madlib , Arabian Prince , Tekblazer , M-80 , and J.Roc , among others .
Steve then re-connected with Tekblazer for Baron Zen 's Rhythm Trax Vol . 3 in January 2009 , the third installment of Stones Throws 's DJ Friendly Rhythm Trax Series ( preceded by James Pants and DJ Romes ) , and the follow-up to their early '90s four-track post-punk masterpiece , At The Mall . On Vol . 3 , Baron Zen departs from their garage band roots summoning the spiritual essence of early '80s electro pioneers such as Alexander Robotnik
and Ryuchi Sakamoto . The soundscapes of this Rhythm Trax contribution satisfy the need for synth-drenched funk while maintaining a murky atmosphere intended to move even the haughtiest New Wave revivalist . M-80 co-produced three tracks , as well .
Baron Zen released a six-track single in summer 2009 , produced by Sweet Steve and Tekblazer . `` Strange Woman 's Room '' features San Jose 's Dave Dub on vocals and includes a James Pants remix version . The B-side `` Talk to Me '' features a remix version by Peanut Butter Wolf .
Baron Zen and Tekblazer again teamed up for the electro-funky , synth-laden rap sound of `` Electrik Surgery '' ( 2011 ) , the vocal follow-up to their `` Rhythm Trax '' LP . This seven-track EP is executive produced by Peanut Butter Wolf , and features the likes of Koushik , Tchaka Diallo , Gary Davis , Zacky Force Funk , Nathan No Face , and Megabusive .
References
American punk rock musicians
Stones Throw Records artists
Living people
American hip hop record producers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Brienza is a town and comune in the province of Potenza , in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata .
History
Brienza was founded around a castle in the 7th century AD , during the Lombard rule of the Duchy of Benevento .
Between the late 19th and early 20th centuries , there was a mass migration of Brienza residents to the Americas , most notably to Buenos Aires , Argentina , and Chicago , in the United States . The Brienza immigrants in Argentina settled in the Mataderos ( Nueva Chicago ) neighborhood of Buenos Aires . The Argentine community retains a cultural affinity with Brienza through Asociacion Italiana Brienza .
Main sights
Caracciolo 's Castle on top of a rocky spur dominates the Melandro valley . It dates from the Angevin rule in the Kingdom of Naples ; now only a ruin , rises sheer from the river Pergola . Restored since the 20th century , the manor retains fragments of its original flooring and two statues ; it is now used for cultural events .
People
Mario Pagano , a philosopher , politician , lawyer , was born in Brienza on 8 December 1748 .
Cuisine
Lucanian Caciocavallo Podolico is one of the most characteristic cheeses of Basilicata . It is only produced with whole milk from the Podolic breed of cow which feeds mainly in the pastures . The Podolic breed is reared in the wild throughout the southern Apennine mountains . In the Basilicata region the cheese is produced in the province of Potenza ( at Brienza , Forenza , Viggiano , Atella , San Fele , Calvello , Pescopagano , Pietrapertosa , Tolve and Lagonegro ) , and in the province of Matera ( at Accettura , Salandra , Stigliano and Ferrandina ) .
For some time now a process has been undertaken with the purpose , of achieving the European Dop mark for Lucanian Caciocavallo Podolico and which has already led to the drafting of production regulations . Lucanian Caciocavallo Podolico is a stringy cheese . The milk , which comes entirely from the morning 's milking , must be processed within 24 hours .
The whole process and the seasoning are governed by strict regulations . The cheeses are characteristically pear-shaped , hung “ by the neck ” between the roof beams to mature . The bouquet is that of rosemary and heather .
References
Mary Jane Oliver ( September 10 , 1935 – January 17 , 2019 ) was an American poet who won the National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize . Them work is inspired by nature , rather than the human world , stemming from their lifelong passion for solitary walks in the wild . It is characterised by a sincere wonderment at the impact of natural imagery , conveyed in unadorned language . In 2007 , they were declared to be the country 's best-selling poet .
Early life
Mary Oliver was born to Edward William and Helen M. ( Vlasak ) Oliver on September 10 , 1935 , in Maple Heights , Ohio , a semi-rural suburb of Cleveland . Them father was a social studies teacher and an athletics coach in the Cleveland public schools . As a child , they spent a great deal of time outside where they enjoyed going on walks or reading . In an interview with the Christian Science Monitor in 1992 , Oliver commented on growing up in Ohio , saying `` It was pastoral , it was nice , it was an extended family . I do n't know why I felt such an affinity with the natural world except that it was available to me , that 's the first thing . It was right there . And for whatever reasons , I felt those first important connections , those first experiences being made with the natural world rather than with the social world . '' In 2011 , in an interview with Maria Shriver , Oliver described their family as dysfunctional , adding that though their childhood was very hard , writing helped them create their own world . Oliver revealed in the interview with Shriver that they had been sexually abused as a child and had experienced recurring nightmares .
Oliver began writing poetry at the age of 14 . They graduated from the local high school in Maple Heights . In the summer of 1951 at the age of 15 they attended the National Music Camp at Interlochen , Michigan , now known as Interlochen Arts Camp , where they were in the percussion section of the National High School Orchestra . At 17 they visited the home of the late Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Edna St. Vincent Millay , in Austerlitz , New York , where they then formed a friendship with the late poet 's sister Norma . Oliver and Norma spent the next six to seven years at the estate organizing Edna St. Vincent Millay 's papers .
Oliver studied at The Ohio State University and Vassar College in the mid-1950s , but did not receive a degree at either college .
Career
They worked at `` Steepletop '' , the estate of Edna St. Vincent Millay , as secretary to the poet 's sister . Oliver 's first collection of poems , No Voyage and Other Poems , was published in 1963 , when they were 28 . During the early 1980s , Oliver taught at Case Western Reserve University . Them fifth collection of poetry , American Primitive , won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1984 . They were Poet In Residence at Bucknell University ( 1986 ) and Margaret Banister Writer in Residence at Sweet Briar College ( 1991 ) , then moved to Bennington , Vermont , where they held the Catharine Osgood Foster Chair for Distinguished Teaching at Bennington College until 2001 .
They won the Christopher Award and the L. L. Winship/PEN New England Award for their piece House of Light ( 1990 ) , and New and Selected Poems ( 1992 ) won the National Book Award . Oliver 's work turns towards nature for its inspiration and describes the sense of wonder it instilled in them `` When it 's over , '' they say , `` I want to say : all my life / I was a bride married to amazement . I was the bridegroom , taking the world into my arms . '' ( `` When Death Comes '' from New and Selected Poems ( 1992 ) ) Them collections Winter Hours : Prose , Prose Poems , and Poems ( 1999 ) , Why I Wake Early ( 2004 ) , and New and Selected Poems , Volume 2 ( 2004 ) build the themes . The first and second parts of Leaf and the Cloud are featured in The Best American Poetry 1999 and 2000 , and their essays appear in Best American Essays 1996 , 1998 and 2001 . Oliver was the editor of the 2009 edition of Best American Essays .
Poetic identity
Mary Oliver 's poetry is grounded in memories of Ohio and their adopted home of New England , setting most of their poetry in and around Provincetown after they moved there in the 1960s . Influenced by both Whitman and Thoreau , they are known for their clear and poignant observances of the natural world . In fact , according to the 1983 Chronology of American Literature , the `` American Primitive , '' one of Oliver 's collection of poems , `` ... presents a new kind of Romanticism that refuses to acknowledge boundaries between nature and the observing self . '' Them creativity was stirred by nature , and Oliver , an avid walker , often pursued inspiration on foot . Them poems are filled with imagery from their daily walks near their home : shore birds , water snakes , the phases of the moon and humpback whales . In Long life they say `` [ I ] go off to my woods , my ponds , my sun-filled harbor , no more than a blue comma on the map of the world but , to me , the emblem of everything . '' They commented in a rare interview `` When things are going well , you know , the walk does not get rapid or get anywhere : I finally just stop , and write . That 's a successful walk ! '' They said that they once found themselves walking in the woods with no pen and later hid pencils in the trees so they would never be stuck in that place again . They often carried a 3-by-5-inch hand-sewn notebook for recording impressions and phrases . Maxine Kumin called Oliver `` a patroller of wetlands in the same way that Thoreau was an inspector of snowstorms . '' Oliver stated that their favorite poets were Walt Whitman , Rumi , Hafez , Ralph Waldo Emerson , Percy Bysshe Shelley and John Keats .
Oliver has also been compared to Emily Dickinson , with whom they shared an affinity for solitude and inner monologues . Them poetry combines dark introspection with joyous release . Although they were criticized for writing poetry that assumes a close relationship between women and nature , they found that the self is only strengthened through an immersion with nature . Oliver is also known for their unadorned language and accessible themes . The Harvard Review describes their work as an antidote to `` inattention and the baroque conventions of our social and professional lives . They are a poet of wisdom and generosity whose vision allows us to look intimately at a world not of our making . ''
In 2007 The New York Times described them as `` far and away , this country 's best-selling poet . ''
Personal life
On a visit to Austerlitz in the late 1950s , Oliver met photographer Molly Malone Cook , who would become their partner for over forty years . In Our World , a book of Cook 's photos and journal excerpts Oliver compiled after Cook 's death , Oliver writes , `` I took one look [ at Cook ] and fell , hook and tumble . '' Cook was Oliver 's literary agent . They made their home largely in Provincetown , Massachusetts , where they lived until Cook 's death in 2005 , and where Oliver continued to live until relocating to Florida . Of Provincetown they recalled , `` I too fell in love with the town , that marvelous convergence of land and water ; Mediterranean light ; fishermen who made their living by hard and difficult work from frighteningly small boats ; and , both residents and sometime visitors , the many artists and writers. [ ... ] M. and I decided to stay . ''
Oliver valued their privacy and gave very few interviews , saying they preferred for their writing to speak for itself .
Death
In 2012 , Oliver was diagnosed with lung cancer , but was treated and given a `` clean bill of health . '' Oliver died of lymphoma on January 17 , 2019 , at the age of 83 .
Critical reviews
Maxine Kumin describes Mary Oliver in the Women 's Review of Books as an `` indefatigable guide to the natural world , particularly to its lesser-known aspects . '' Reviewing Dream Work for The Nation , critic Alicia Ostriker numbered Oliver among America 's finest poets : `` visionary as Emerson [ ... they are ] among the few American poets who can describe and transmit ecstasy , while retaining a practical awareness of the world as one of predators and prey . '' New York Times reviewer Bruce Bennetin stated that the Pulitzer Prize–winning collection American Primitive , `` insists on the primacy of the physical '' while Holly Prado of Los Angeles Times Book Review noted that it `` touches a vitality in the familiar that invests it with a fresh intensity . ''
Vicki Graham suggests Oliver over-simplifies the affiliation of gender and nature : `` Oliver 's celebration of dissolution into the natural world troubles some critics : their poems flirt dangerously with romantic assumptions about the close association of women with nature that many theorists claim put the woman writer at risk . '' In their article `` The Language of Nature in the Poetry of Mary Oliver '' , Diane S. Bond echoes that `` few feminists have wholeheartedly appreciated Oliver 's work , and though some critics have read their poems as revolutionary reconstructions of the female subject , others remain skeptical that identification with nature can empower women . '' In The Harvard Gay & Lesbian Review , Sue Russell notes that `` Mary Oliver will never be a balladeer of contemporary lesbian life in the vein of Marilyn Hacker , or an important political thinker like Adrienne Rich ; but the fact that they choose not to write from a similar political or narrative stance makes them all the more valuable to our collective culture . ''
Selected awards and honors
1969/70 Shelley Memorial Award from the Poetry Society of America .
1980 Guggenheim Foundation Fellowship
1984 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry for American Primitive
1991 L.L . Winship/PEN New England Award for House of Light
1992 National Book Award for Poetry for New and Selected Poems
1998 Lannan Literary Award for poetry
1998 Honorary Doctorate from The Art Institute of Boston
2003 Honorary membership into Phi Beta Kappa from Harvard University .
2007 Honorary Doctorate Dartmouth College
2008 Honorary Doctorate Tufts University
2012 Honorary Doctorate from Marquette University
2012 Goodreads Choice Award for Best Poetry for A Thousand Mornings
Works
Poetry collections
1963 No Voyage , and Other Poems Dent ( New York , NY ) , expanded edition , Houghton Mifflin ( Boston , MA ) , 1965 .
1972 The River Styx , Ohio , and Other Poems Harcourt ( New York , NY )
1978 The Night Traveler Bits Press
1978 Sleeping in the Forest Ohio University ( a 12-page chapbook , p. 49–60 in The Ohio Review—Vol . 19 , No . 1 [ Winter 1978 ] )
1979 Twelve Moons Little , Brown ( Boston , MA ) ,
1983 American Primitive Little , Brown ( Boston , MA )
1986 Dream Work Atlantic Monthly Press ( Boston , MA )
1987 Provincetown Appletree Alley , limited edition with woodcuts by Barnard Taylor
1990 House of Light Beacon Press ( Boston , MA )
1992 New and Selected Poems [ volume one ] Beacon Press ( Boston , MA ) ,
1994 White Pine : Poems and Prose Poems Harcourt ( San Diego , CA )
1995 Blue Pastures Harcourt ( New York , NY )
1997 West Wind : Poems and Prose Poems Houghton Mifflin ( Boston , MA )
1999 Winter Hours : Prose , Prose Poems , and Poems Houghton Mifflin ( Boston , MA )
2000 The Leaf and the Cloud Da Capo ( Cambridge , Massachusetts ) , ( prose poem )
2002 What Do We Know Da Capo ( Cambridge , Massachusetts )
2003 Owls and Other Fantasies : poems and essays Beacon ( Boston , MA )
2004 Why I Wake Early : New Poems Beacon ( Boston , MA )
2004 Blue Iris : Poems and Essays Beacon ( Boston , MA )
2004 Wild geese : selected poems , Bloodaxe ,
2005 New and Selected Poems , volume two Beacon ( Boston , MA )
2005 At Blackwater Pond : Mary Oliver Reads Mary Oliver ( audio cd )
2006 Thirst : Poems ( Boston , MA )
2007 Our World with photographs by Molly Malone Cook , Beacon ( Boston , MA )
2008 The Truro Bear and Other Adventures : Poems and Essays , Beacon Press ,
2008 Red Bird Beacon ( Boston , MA )
2009 Evidence Beacon ( Boston , MA )
2010 Swan : Poems and Prose Poems ( Boston , MA )
2012 A Thousand Mornings Penguin ( New York , NY )
2013 Dog Songs Penguin Press ( New York , NY )
2014 Blue Horses Penguin Press ( New York , NY )
2015 Felicity Penguin Press ( New York , NY )
2017 Devotions The Selected Poems of Mary Oliver Penguin Press ( New York , NY )
Non-fiction books and other collections
1994 A Poetry Handbook Harcourt ( San Diego , CA )
1998 Rules for the Dance : A Handbook for Writing and Reading Metrical Verse Houghton Mifflin ( Boston , MA )
2004 Long Life : Essays and Other Writings Da Capo ( Cambridge , Massachusetts )
2016 Upstream : Selected Essays Penguin ( New York , NY )
Works in translation
Catalan
2018 Ocell Roig ( translated by Corina Oproae ) Bilingual Edition . Godall Edicions .
See also
Poppies , poem by Mary Oliver
In Blackwater Woods , poem by Mary Oliver
Lesbian Poetry
Notes
References
Bond , Diane . `` The Language of Nature in the Poetry of Mary Oliver . '' Womens Studies 21:1 ( 1992 ) , p. 1 .
Graham , Vicki . `` 'Into the Body of Another ' : Mary Oliver and the Poetics of Becoming Other . '' Papers on Language and Literature , 30:4 ( Fall 1994 ) , pp . 352–353 , pp . 366–368 .
McNew , Janet . `` Mary Oliver and the Tradition of Romantic Nature Poetry '' . Contemporary Literature , 30:1 ( Spring 1989 ) .
`` Oliver , Mary . '' American Environmental Leaders : From Colonial Times to the Present , Anne Becher , and Joseph Richey , Grey House Publishing , 2nd edition , 2008 . Credo Reference .
Russell , Sue . `` Mary Oliver : The Poet and the Persona . '' The Harvard Gay & Lesbian Review , 4:4 ( Fall 1997 ) , pp . 21–22 .
`` 1992 . '' The Chronology of American Literature , edited by Daniel S. Burt , Houghton Mifflin , 1st edition , 2004 . Credo Reference .
External links
Official website
Mary Oliver at the Academy of American Poets
Biography and poems of Mary Oliver at the Poetry Foundation .
Interview with Krista Tippett , `` On Being '' radio program , broadcast 5 February 2015 .
1935 births
2019 deaths
American women poets
American lesbian writers
National Book Award winners
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry winners
Ohio State University alumni
Vassar College alumni
American LGBT poets
Poets from Ohio
20th-century American poets
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American poets
21st-century American women writers
People from Cuyahoga County , Ohio
LGBT people from Ohio
Bucknell University faculty
Sweet Briar College faculty
Bennington College faculty
Deaths from lymphoma
Deaths from cancer in Florida
Lesbian academics
American women academics
The 1994 Senior PGA Tour was the 15th season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 ( it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016 ) . The season consisted of 37 official money events with purses totalling $ 29,150,000 , including four majors . Lee Trevino won the most tournaments , six . The tournament results , leaders , and award winners are listed below .
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1994 season . `` Date '' is the ending date of the tournament . The numbers in parentheses after the winners ' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event . Senior majors are shown in bold .
Source :
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source :
Money List leaders
Source :
Career Money List leaders
Source :
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
The Lilies of the Valley egg is a jewelled Fabergé egg made under the supervision of the Russian jeweller Peter Carl Fabergé in 1898 by Fabergé ateliers . The supervising goldsmith was Michael Perchin . The egg is one of the two eggs in the Art Nouveau style ( the other is the Pansy Egg ) . It was presented on April 5 to Tsar Nicholas II , who gave it as a gift to their wife , the Tsarina , Empress Alexandra Fyodorovna . The egg is part of the Victor Vekselberg Collection , owned by The Link of Times Foundation and housed in the Fabergé Museum in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Description
The egg is covered in pearls and topped with rose pink enamel on a guilloché field . The egg is supported by cabriole legs of green-gold leaves with rose-cut diamond dewdrops . The gold-stemmed lilies have green enameled leaves and flowers made of gold set with rubies , pearls , and diamonds .
Surprise
This egg 's surprise is 'elevated ' out of the egg by twisting a gold-mounted pearl button . When fully raised , three portraits are visible under the Imperial crown set with a ruby : Tsar Nicholas II and their two oldest daughters , Grand Duchess Olga and Grand Duchess Tatiana , painted on ivory by Johannes Zehngraf . The portraits are framed in rose diamonds and backed with gold panels engraved with the presentation date of July 31 , 1898 .
References
Sources
External links
Faberge - Treasures of Imperial Russia
Imperial Fabergé eggs
Art Nouveau works
1898 works
Fabergé Museum in Saint Petersburg , Russia
Lucien Rebatet ( 15 November 1903 – 24 August 1972 ) was a French writer , journalist , and intellectual . They are known as an exponent of fascism and virulent antisemite but also as the author of Les Deux étendards , regarded by some as one of the greatest novels of the post-war era .
Biography
Early life
Rebatet was born and died in Moras-en-Valloire , Drôme . As a young man , Rebatet was educated in Saint-Chamond , Loire . From 1923 to 1927 they studied at the Sorbonne , after which they became an insurance agent . It was only in 1929 that they began their career as a writer , becoming a music and film critic ( the latter under the pseudonym François Vinneuil ) for the far right integralist Action Française newspaper . In 1932 Rebatet became a contributor to the right-wing newspaper Je suis partout , for which they wrote until the Allied liberation in 1944 . In 1938 they became head of information for Action Française and worked closely with the movement 's founder , Charles Maurras .
Long before the outbreak of war between France and Nazi Germany , Rebatet expressed sympathy for National Socialism , notably in their articles for Je suis partout ( `` I Am Everywhere '' ) , in which they accused Jews of fomenting a war to topple Adolf Hitler 's régime . In 1940 they were drafted into the French Army and , although they served , openly hoped for a `` short and disastrous war for France '' .
Collaboration
After the fall of France they became a radio reporter for the Vichy government . They soon left this post , as well as Action Française , to join Jacques Doriot 's newspaper Cri Du Peuple , and to continue their writings for Je suis partout .
In 1942 Rebatet published a lengthy pamphlet entitled Les Décombres ( `` The Ruins '' ) , in which they traced the forces they believed to have led France to its fall . They firmly accused Third Republic politicians and its military leadership , as well as French Jews - who they claimed were the prime cause of France 's political and military woes . Les Décombres is the clearest expression of Rebatet 's fascism , as well as their most virulently antisemitic work . The same year , they began writing Les Deux étendards ( `` The Two Standards '' ) , their first novel .
In August 1944 Rebatet fled France for Germany , travelling to the Sigmaringen enclave ( place of refuge for Vichy authorities as well as the more famous French writer , Céline ) . It was in Sigmaringen that Rebatet completed Les Deux étendards , which would be published in 1952 by Gallimard . They were arrested in Austria in 1945 .
After the war
Rebatet was sent back to France and , in 1946 , received a death sentence , which was commuted to forced labor the next year . Released from prison in 1952 , they returned to journalism in 1953 , becoming the director of the literary section of Dimanche Matin . In 1954 , Gallimard published Rebatet 's second novel , Les Épis Mûrs ( `` The Ripe Grains '' ) . Their final work was a history of music which they began writing in 1965 , and which was published by Laffont in 1969 . In 1969 too they said : '' savor the historical paradox that led the Jews of Israel to defend all the patriotic , moral , military values that they most violently fought during a century in their adopted country '' while in 1967 they said : `` The cause of Israel over there is that of all Westerners . It would have surprised me if I had been prophesied in 1939 that I would one day wish for the victory of a Zionist army . But this is the solution that I find reasonable today '' .
Although Rebatet continued to proclaim their adherence to fascism until their death , their antisemitism became less pronounced after the war , showing even admiration for the state of Israel .
Despite their controversial biography , there are those , such as George Steiner , who claim that Lucien Rebatet was a great writer , and that Les Deux étendards in particular deserves to be considered an important novel in French literary history .
Cultural references
Rebatet is depicted in Jonathan Littell 's historical novel Les Bienveillantes , where they are a friend of the main character Maximilian Aue .
References
1903 births
1972 deaths
People from Drôme
French art critics
French collaborators with Nazi Germany
French fascists
French literary critics
French political writers
People affiliated with Action Française
French military personnel of World War II
French anti-communists
20th-century French novelists
French male essayists
French male novelists
French prisoners sentenced to death
Prisoners sentenced to death by France
20th-century French essayists
20th-century French journalists
20th-century French male writers
Vyshneve ( ) is an urban-type settlement in the Pokrovsk Raion , Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine . The population is
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001 :
Ukrainian 27.3 %
Russian 72.7 %
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Oka Radha Iddaru Krishnula Pelli ( ) is a 2003 Telugu comedy film directed by G. Nageswara Reddy and produced by D. V. V. Danayya and J. Bhagavan under Sri Balaji Creations . The film stars Srikanth , Prabhu Deva and Namitha in the lead roles . The film was remade in Tamil as Enga Raasi Nalla Raasi ( 2009 ) .
Cast
Srikanth as Viswam
Prabhu Deva as Murugan
Namitha as Sashi Rekha & Meghana ( dual role )
Tanikella Bharani as Buchaiah
Chandra Mohan
Chalapathi Rao
Sunil as Bala Raju
Brahmanandam
M. S. Narayana as Appa Rao
Jaya Prakash Reddy
L. B. Sriram as Papa Rao
Kovai Sarala
Delhi Rajeswari
Melkote as Melkoti
Music
The music was composed by Chakri .
References
External links
2003 films
2000s Telugu-language films
Telugu films remade in other languages
Films directed by G. Nageswara Reddy
Meta refresh is a method of instructing a web browser to automatically refresh the current web page or frame after a given time interval , using an HTML meta element with the http-equiv parameter set to `` refresh '' and a content parameter giving the time interval in seconds . It is also possible to instruct the browser to fetch a different URL when the page is refreshed , by including the alternative URL in the content parameter . By setting the refresh time interval to zero ( or a very low value ) , meta refresh can be used as a method of URL redirection .
History
This feature was originally introduced by Netscape Navigator 1.1 ( circa 1995 ) , in a form of HTTP header and corresponding HTML meta HTTP-equivalent element , which allows document author to signal client to automatically reload the document or change to a specified URL after a specified timeout . It is the earliest polling mechanism available for the web , allowing a user to see the latest update in a frequently-changing webpage , such as ones displaying stock price or weather forecast .
Usability
Use of meta refresh is discouraged by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) , since unexpected refresh can disorient users . Meta refresh also impairs the web browser 's `` back '' button in some browsers ( including Internet Explorer 6 and before ) , although most modern browsers compensate for this ( Internet Explorer 7 and higher , Mozilla Firefox , Opera , Google Chrome ) .
There are legitimate uses of meta-refresh , such as providing updates to dynamic web pages or implementing site controlled navigation of a website without JavaScript . Many large websites use it to refresh news or status updates , especially when dependencies on JavaScript and redirect headers are unwanted .
Examples
Place inside the < head > element to refresh page after 5 seconds :
< meta http-equiv= '' refresh '' content= '' 5 '' >
Redirect to https : //example.com/ after 5 seconds :
< meta http-equiv= '' refresh '' content= '' 5 ; url=https : //example.com/ '' >
Redirect to https : //example.com/ immediately :
< meta http-equiv= '' refresh '' content= '' 0 ; url=https : //example.com/ '' >
Drawbacks
Meta refresh tags have some drawbacks :
If a page redirects too quickly ( less than 2–3 seconds ) , using the `` Back '' button on the next page may cause some browsers to move back to the redirecting page , whereupon the redirect will occur again . This is bad for usability , as this may cause a reader to be `` stuck '' on the last website .
A reader may or may not want to be redirected to a different page , which can lead to user dissatisfaction or raise concerns about security .
Alternatives
Meta refresh uses the http-equiv meta tag to emulate the Refresh HTTP header , and as such can also be sent as a header by an HTTP web server . Although Refresh is not part of the HTTP standard , it is supported by all common browsers .
HTTP Header example of a redirect to https : //example.com/ after 5 seconds :
Refresh : 5 ; url=https : //www.example.com/
Alternatives exist for both uses of meta refresh .
For redirection
An alternative is to send an HTTP redirection status code , such as HTTP 301 or 302 . It is the preferred way to redirect a user agent to a different page . This can be achieved by a special rule in the Web server or by means of a simple script on the Web server .
JavaScript is another alternative , but not recommended , because users might have disabled JavaScript in their browsers .
The simplest way of JavaScript redirect using the onload property of the body tag :
< body onload= '' window.location = 'http : //example.com/ ' '' >
< ! -- Your content here -- >
< /body >
For refresh
An alternative method is to provide an interaction device , such as a button , to let the user choose when to refresh the content . Another option is using a technique such as Ajax to update ( parts of ) the Web site without the need for a complete page refresh , but this would also require that the user enable JavaScript in their browser .
You can refresh a web page using JavaScript location.reload method . This code can be called automatically upon an event or simply when the user clicks on a link . If you want to refresh a web page using a mouse click , then you can use the following code : < a href= '' javascript : location.reload ( true ) '' > Refresh this Page < /a >
References
External links
W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines ( 1.0 ) : Ensure user control of time-sensitive content changes
meta refresh deprecated by W3C
Use standard redirects : do n't break the back button !
H76 : Using meta refresh to create an instant client-side redirect
JavaScript Page Refresh
HTML
Hypertext Transfer Protocol headers
Donald Barrington Buchanan or Danny Buck ( born in Saint Elizabeth Parish on September 28 , 1942 ; died January 10 , 2011 ) was a former Minister of Labour and Social Security for Jamaica . They also served in the Parliament of Jamaica where they represented St. Elizabeth South Western . They died of Colorectal cancer . Their son is also a politician .
References
Government ministers of Jamaica
People 's National Party ( Jamaica ) politicians
People from Saint Elizabeth Parish
Deaths from colorectal cancer
1942 births
2011 deaths
Deaths from cancer in Jamaica
Ddakjibon , which literally means `` ddakji novel , '' was a popular type of book format during the early 1910s , when Korea was under Japanese imperial rule . Around this time , esoteric books were becoming less popular , while books meant for leisurely reading were becoming more common . Thus , many novels meant for light reading were published in this format during this time .
The name `` ddakjibon '' comes from the name of the scraps of paper used to play a traditional Korean version of milkcaps , which were called ddakji . Ddakjibon covers were quite colorful , just as ddakji were , hence the name . Ddakjibon were also called `` gyungpan . '' ( 京板 in Hanja )
Ddakjibon were popular due to their cheap cost and portable size ; they often cost no more than 6 Korean won , and were made to be quite thin . Due to this , this format 's popularity became widespread throughout the country .
Among the most famous books published in this format is `` The Record of Lady Sa 's Trip to the South '' by Kim Man-jung .
References
Korean books
Book formats
Branko Vukićević ( born 18 December 1961 ) is a Serbian former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Vukićević played for Cibona Zagreb until June 1991 , when they left for Belgrade after a dispute with the club management . They later received a sports pension from Serbia .
References
1961 births
Living people
Basketball players from Belgrade
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Competitors at the 1983 Mediterranean Games
KK Cibona players
KK Novi Sad players
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
OKK Beograd players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Croatia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Slovakia
Serbian men 's basketball players
Yugoslav men 's basketball players
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Centers ( basketball )
Jog is a Raga in Hindustani classical music . It is one of the more popular ragas appearing often in films . Sometimes , experts assign this raga to be a member of Kafi thaat .
Structure
Raga Jog omits the second and the sixth intervals , Ri and Dha , making it pentatonic , or Audav in nature . In ascending , it uses Shuddha Ga , and in descending , it uses Komal Ga . It takes Raga Tilang for its base which itself is derived from Khamaj .
The Arohana is : Sa Ga Ma Pa ni ( komal ) Sa '
The Avarohana is : Sa ' ni ( komal ) Pa Ma Ga ( shuddha ) Ma ga ( komal ) Sa
In the notes of the Western scale in the key of C , these roughly correspond to C , E , F , G , B , C ; C , B , G , F , E , F , E , C .
Time of the day
The raga is played during the late evening ( 9 PM - 12 night ) :
2nd Prahar of the night ,
Ratri ka Dwitiya Prahar
Notable recordings in raga Jog
Pramadhavanam by Raveendran Master in Their Highness Abdullah ,
Ravi Shankar on their 1956 album Three Ragas ,
Hariprasad Chaurasia & Zakir Hussain ,
Ali Akbar Khan & L Subramanian .
Film songs
Language : Tamil
Non-film songs
Hindustani ragas
Articles containing video clips
The Alexis Opera House is a historic theater building located at 101–105 N. Main St. in Alexis , Illinois . The building , which operated from 1889 until 1920 , hosted traveling entertainment and community functions . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 30 , 1987 .
History
The opera house was constructed in 1889 by William S. Weir , a Monmouth business person who also owned the Bank of Alexis . It hosted its first show on November 1 of the same year , when the May Bretonne Company performed there . The opera house hosted traveling theatrical acts , musicians , and lecturers and advertised itself as hosting an act every three weeks . In addition , a number of civic functions were held in the building ; Alexis High School held its graduation ceremony in the opera house every year until the building 's closure , and numerous public meetings and community performances took place there as well . In the 1910s , religious services were also held in the building .
In 1920 , the state 's fire marshal shut down the opera house over safety code violations , as the building had no fire escape and its seats were not attached to the floor . The building 's owner , William A. McKnight , considered the changes too expensive to be worth undertaking and never reopened the opera house . McKnight continued to run a funeral parlor and hardware store in the building 's commercial spaces through 1950 .
Architecture
The Alexis Opera House was designed in the Romanesque Revival style . The two-story building 's plan features three storefronts on its first floor and the theater on its second . The front facade is divided into bays delineating the three storefronts ; the storefronts feature recessed glass entrances supported by columns , while the second floor is constructed of brick . Brick piers which extend through the roofline separate the second-story bays . Each bay features three vertical sets of windows , with one wide set in the middle of each bay and narrower sets on its sides . Limestone coursing marks the top and bottom of the second-story windows and separates the clerestory windows from the rest . The parapet roof features ornamental brickwork .
References
Romanesque Revival architecture in Illinois
Theatres completed in 1889
Buildings and structures in Warren County , Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Warren County , Illinois
Opera houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Stanislav Štech ( born 23 August 1954 ) is a Czech politician and psychologist . From June to December 2017 , they were the Minister of Education , Youth and Sports of the Czech Republic in the Cabinet of Bohuslav Sobotka .
On June 23 , 2011 , they were awarded the grade of Officer of the Order of Academic Palms for their contributions to education and training .
References
1954 births
Living people
Education ministers of the Czech Republic
People from Louny District
Czech Social Democratic Party Government ministers
Czech psychologists
Charles University alumni
Lycée Carnot alumni
Czech educators
Officiers of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques
Ala Younis is a research-based artist and curator , based in Amman . Younis initiates journeys in archives and narratives , and reinterprets collective experiences that have collapsed into personal ones . Through research , they build collections of objects , images , information , narratives , and notes on why/how people tell their stories . Them practice is based on found material , and on creating materials when they can not be found or when they do not exist .
Early life and education
Born in Kuwait in 1974 , Younis moved to Amman in 1984 . They graduated as an architect from the University of Jordan in 1997 . They hold a Masters in Research in Visual Cultures from Goldsmiths , University of London .
Career
Younis has produced art installations , video works , publications , temporary collectives , publishing projects , and curated exhibitions . Them curatorial projects include Kuwait 's first national pavilion at the Venice Biennale in 2013 , the nomadic collection of museums of Manufactured Response to Absence , and `` An Index of Tensional and Unintentional Love of Land '' at New Museum in the context of `` Here and Elsewhere '' exhibition organized in 2014 . Them work was shown at the Institute du Monde Arabe ( 2013 ) , 9th Gwangju Biennial ( 2012 ) , Museum of Modern Arab Art in Doha ( 2012 ) , New Museum Triennial ( 2012 ) , 12th Istanbul Biennial ( 2011 ) , Home Works ' 5 Beirut ( 2010 ) , The Jerusalem Show ( 2009 ) , PhotoCairo 4 ( 2008 ) and other places .
Them publication projects include 'Needles to Rockets ' ( 2009 ) , 'Tin Soldiers ' ( 2012 ) , and the non-profit publishing initiative Kayfa-ta , a series of cost-effective Arabic monographs on how to , co-founded with artist Maha Maamoun . They are a recipient of the Bellagio Creative Arts Fellowship , as well as art prizes from Cairo 's 17th Youth Salon ( 2005 ) and Jordanian Artists Association ( 2005 ) . Younis co-directed Global Art Forum 8 ( 2014 ) , and has spoken in conferences and symposiums including Venice Agendas ( 2013 ) , Berlinale 's Forum Expanded ( 2013–2015 ) , Sweet Sixities Beirut ( 2013 ) , Global Art Forum 7 in Doha ( 2013 ) , and ThinkFilm in Berlin ( 2012 ) . Younis worked as the Artistic Director ( 2009–10 ) , Acting Director ( 2008–09 ) and Assistant Director ( 2006–08 ) of Darat al Funun – The Khalid Shoman Foundation in Amman . They also curated film programs for the three editions of Arab Shorts – Independent Arab Film Festival ( 2009–2011 ) organized by Goethe Institut Cairo , and is on the advisory board of Berlinale 's Forum Expanded .
Curatorial projects
In 2013 , for Kuwait 's first national pavilion at the 55th Venice Biennale , Ala Younis curated `` National Works '' . The show disassembled symbols of grandeur in paused/post glorious times , in an attempt to re-interpret Kuwait 's modernization project , while the exhibition 's publication explored the emotional and theoretical contexts of works at a time when national identity was not questioned , and when modernist projects , cultural or contractual , were national works . `` `` The sleeper hit of the summer among the pavilions from this part of the world is Kuwait 's pavilion , nimbly curated by Ala Younis . It features a curious installation delving into the heart-stopping history of Sami Mohammad 's statues , alongside a ruminative , achingly lonely series of photographs mounted on light boxes by the artist Tarek al-Ghoussein . Younis ' sensitive excavation of Mohammad 's work allows for some searching self criticality on nationalism and modernity from within the pavilion itself . Ghoussein 's `` K-Files '' represent a seamless and gorgeous continuation of their staged self-portraiture series , working in a mode they call performance photography . ''
This show followed their curated `` Museum of Manufactured Response to Absence ( MoMRtA ) '' which premiered at Museum of Modern Art in Kuwait and Museum of Modern in 2012 . Initiated and produced by MinRASY Projects , the museum is a nomadic collection of commissioned objects that respond to the absence of Palestinians and their history from Kuwait , each object of which is an impossibility or exaggeration . The show premiered at Kuwait 's Museum of Modern Art in May 2012 .
Them other curatorial projects include :
`` An Index of Tensional and Unintentional Love of Land '' exhibition set within `` Here and Elsewhere '' exhibition at New Museum in New York , 2014
`` This land first speaks to you in signs '' , exhibition of archival materials and some films from the collection of Cimatheque , Cairo and Berlin , 2015
`` The closest I 've ever come to a scientific experiment '' , at the project space of Mathaf : Arab Museum of Modern Art , Doha , 2014
`` Covering One 's Back '' , a photography exhibition co-curated with Maha Maamoun , Gezira Art Center , Cairo , 2013
`` The Crowd Behind Us '' , presented at three venues within the Image Festival in Amman , 2012
`` Momentarily Learning from Mega-Events '' at Makan art space , Amman , 2011
`` Outre mesure et programmes radio '' at La Galeriem Noisy-Le-Sec , Paris , 2011
`` Out of Place '' , co-curated with Kasia Redzisz for Tate Modern and Darat al Funun 's collaboration project , presented at both institutions in 2011 .
Art projects
Them projects begin with found objects and images that might initially seem odd or intriguing , for instance Nefertiti ( 2008 ) is an installation of video and defunct sewing machines ( Nefertiti ) that were produced and sold in Egypt after the 1952 revolution , and were among the country 's plan to nationalize industrial production and to create productive symbols of Egyptian sovereignty . The manufacture of Nefertiti was discontinued in the 1980s , due to various flaws in the design . `` For Younis , its manufacture was a 'feminist project ' that , although it confined women to the domestic space , also , 'aimed at empowering Egyptian housewives , since it gave them a chance to earn money while their husbands were away fighting ' . Yet once the old , elegant , curvaceous Nefertiti was retired , the market was flooded with aesthetically inferior Western machines . The Nefertiti became a focus for nostalgia , and this video explores people 's attachment to their old sewing machines . ''
Them found objects become part of a web of stories in which the personal is inextricable from the collective , like in the publication version of `` Tin Soldiers '' ( 2010–2 ) which is made of text and image portraits of contemporary ( in ) formal Middle Eastern soldiers , and the virtual and alternative spaces they practice their version of militarism in . `` Tin Soldiers '' is also an installation of 12,265 metal figurines depicting nine armies of the Middle East . The project was produced and shown at HomeWorks 5 in Beirut ( 2010 ) and at the Istanbul Biennial ( 2011 ) . The publication version was also installed as an exhibition at the New Museum Triennial and at the Gwangju Biennial , both took place in 2012 .
`` UAR '' ( 2014 ) is a series , of drawings and found objects , that studies the stories and mechanisms that produced Gamal Abdel Nasser 's historical figure in the time of the United Arab Republic ( 1958–1971 ) . The project starts from a photograph of Nasser looking onto an enthusiastic and proud Arab crowd during the signing of a sovereign union agreement between Egypt and Syria in 1958 .
Oraib Toukan and Ala Younis collaborate on exploring film footage , discarded by the former Soviet Friendship Society in Amman . They both `` developed a peculiar archeology of research that looks at early Palestinian film production , technocratic Soviet friendships , cine clubs , and Russian language films in Amman . '' Their 3-minute film from this research , titled `` From the impossibility of one-page being like the other '' , was broadcast on Channel 4 ( UK ) at New York Film Festival in 2014 .
Them project `` Plan for Greater Baghdad '' was selected for `` All the World 's Futures '' curated by Okwui Enwezor for the 56th International Art Exhibition – La Biennale di Venezia , and show in Arsenale in 2015 . Produced in two and three-dimensional prints , `` Plan for Greater Baghdad '' traces the stories and links around Saddam Hussein Gymnasium in Baghdad that was designed by Le Corbusier . Activated by a set of 35mm slides taken by architect Rifat Chadirji in 1982 , the project reproduces documents that relate to monuments , architects , governments , and the shifts and tensions between ideals and ideologies . The project borrows its title from Frank Lloyd Wright 's proposal for a cultural center and an Opera House in Baghdad . Their `` Plan for Greater Baghdad '' was a result of their visit to Baghdad in 1957 , yet it was never built .
Younis received the 2nd prize at the 17th Youth Salon , Painting for Non Egyptians , in Cairo ( 2005 ) ; and the 3rd Prize at the Annual Exhibition of Jordanian Artists Association in Amman ( 2005 ) . In 2012 they were selected by Christine Tohme as one of ArtReview 's 'Future Greats 2012 ' .
Selected exhibitions
2015 :
-All the World 's Futures , 56th International Art Exhibition – La Biennale di Venezia , curated by Okwui Enwezor , Venice
2014 :
– New York Film Festival , New York
– Here and Elsewhere , exhibition curated by Massimiliano Gioni and team , New Museum , New York . Participation took the form of a curated exhibition at the 5th floor titled `` An Index of Tensional and Unintentional Love of Land ''
– Multitude , Sesc Pompeia , São Paulo
– Tea with Nefertiti , Staatliches Museum Ägyptischer Kunst , Munich
– UAR , solo exhibition at Gypsum Gallery , Cairo
– Meeting Points 7 , Ten a thousand wiles and a hundred thousand tricks , Cairo , Hong Kong , Beirut , Antwerp and Zaghreb
2013 :
– Tea with Nefertiti , IVAM Instituto Valenciano de Arte Moderno , Valencia ; Institut du Monde Arabe , Paris ; Mathaf : Arab Museum of Modern Art , Doha
– 59th International Short Film Festival Oberhausen , Lichtburg Filmpalast , Oberhausen
2012 :
– ROUNDTABLE , 9th Gwangju Biennial , curated by Nancy Adajania
– The Ungovernables , exhibition curated by Eunjie Joo , New Museum Triennial , New York
– A Gathering , curated by Maria-Thalia Carras and Olga Hatzidaki , Athens
– London Palestine Film Festival , London
2011 :
– Untitled ( 12th Istanbul Biennial ) , curated by Adriano Pedrosa and Jens Hoffman , Istanbul
2010 :
– Home Works 5 ' , forum and exhibition curated by Christine Tohme , Beirut Art Center , Beirut
– Solo exhibition at Delfina Foundation , London
2009 :
Solo exhibition at Darat al Funun , Amman
2008 :
– PhotoCairo 4 : The Long Shortcut , curated by Aleya Hamza and Edit Molnar , Hungarian Cultural Center , Cairo
– The Third International Biennale for the Artist 's Book 2008 , Bibliotheca Alexandrina
Publications
Ala Younis published `` Needles to Rockets '' with Motaz Attalla in 2009 . The publication collects personal responses to questions that emerge around the place of consumer products in the lives of people and in society at large in Egypt . The people 's answers illustrate how objects become iconic and acquire personas , and they tell some of the myths that surround them . The publication is named after Gamal Abdel Nasser 's famous slogan of industrial promise .
References
External links
Official website
Kayfa ta Publishing Initiative
Museum of Manufactured Response to Absence ( MoMRtA )
Out of Place at Tate Modern
Plan for Greater Baghdad features on Nafas
Living people
Kuwaiti artists
Jordanian women artists
Jordanian women painters
1974 births
People from Amman
University of Jordan alumni
Cruceros Skorpios is a cruise company of Chile based in Puerto Montt which offers fjord cruises throughout South Chile until Laguna San Rafael .
History
Passenger shipping and Skorpios SA is a family business founded in 1978 by Don Constantino Kochifas Carcamo . Today the company has one of the largest shipping fleets in the Southern Cone , 2 tourist vessels and more than 37 cargo ships , a shipyard and naval arsenal , shipping terminals of passengers and freight , baths in Fjord Quitralco , offices in Santiago , Puerto Montt , Punta Arenas and Puerto Natales .
The shipping owner Constantino Kochifas Cárcamo , of greek origins , began shipping entrepreneur activities in the regional coastal area of Puerto Montt in 1956 , with their brothers . Subsequently , they are forming their own independent shipping company operating cargo ships to the Aysen region . It was thus realized that development could have the shipping tourism in Patagonia , founding Maritime Cruise Skorpios ( `` scorpion '' in greek ) . It started cruise to San Rafael Glacier in 1976 , in a small cargo ship named MV Mimi , then carrying only 12 passengers per trip . Then , built in 1978 , the MV Skorpios I , the first tour Cruise Ship company in Chile , decommissioned in the channels of southern Chile in 2008 reaching to perform more than 600 cruises to Laguna San Rafael . The Ship was finally Scrapped in 25 October 2018 .
In 1988 , the MV Skorpios II is inaugurated , with capacity for 106 passengers , being the largest ship Skorpios fleet capacity and currently maintains the original route of the MV Skorpios I , now known as Route Chonos . In 1995 , the company inaugurated a new cruise ship , the MV Skorpios III , for 90 passengers . In 2003 , Skorpios Cruises extends its operations to the region of Magallanes , inaugurating a new tourist route called Route Kaweskar , to the glaciers of the Southern Ice Field , comprising route from Puerto Natales to the glaciers of the Southern Ice Field . For this purpose , the MV Skorpios III moves and a maritime terminal in Puerto Natales is built .
Fleet
Former Coastal Cruises
1978-2008 > MV Skorpios I
Current Coastal Cruises
1988- > MV Skorpios II
1995- > MV Skorpios III
Accident
On February 5 , 2015 , the 70 meter long cruise ship , with 89 passengers and 31 crew members aboard , MV Skorpios II ran aground and stranded during normal conditions appreciating the Chile Fjords near Puerto Montt , Chile . The Ship was left on the beach , high and dry until high tide , without any damage , injuries or pollution released . Passengers were transferred to a Chilean patrol boat and taken back . Ship was following floated out again and went back to Puerto Montt .
References
External links
Cruceros Skorpios ( Spanish )
Cruise lines
RNA , 28S ribosomal 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the RNA28S1 gene .
References
Party-directed mediation ( PDM ) is an approach to mediation that seeks to empower each party in a dispute , enabling each party to have more direct influence upon the resolution of a conflict , by offering both means and processes for enhancing the negotiation skills of contenders . The intended prospect of party-directed mediation is to improve upon the ability and willingness of disputants to deal with subsequent differences .
The concept behind party-directed mediation , depending upon the degree to which a case lends itself , is that if and when parties wish to spend the time to acquire the skills necessary to become more effective negotiators , then they can be empowered to achieve a self-directed resolution . The concept is most effective for disputants who wish to have a greater hand in resolving their own conflicts .
Party-directed mediation is of special value where individuals or stakeholders will continue to have ongoing interactions , as well as for conflicts with significant interpersonal aspects . As people become more talented negotiators , through adoption of enhanced negotiation skills , they tend to deal more effectively with conflict .
Essential elements
Two of the most salient elements of party directed mediation generally are :
A pre-caucus or pre-mediation meeting between the mediator and each of the parties prior to the joint session , and
A 'joint session ' , where parties face each other and speak directly to each other , rather than through the mediator
In some instances , the pre-caucus may be so effective that parties go on to solve their conflict without a mediator . In fact , most people are able to resolve most of their conflicts without a mediator . There are times , however , when mediators are very much needed .
Pre-caucus
In the pre-caucus , the mediator meets with each party separately , away from other parties , before they are ever brought together into a joint session . The purpose of the pre-caucus is to help each party release their pent up concerns enough to enable them to gain a broader perspective , and to prepare the parties to pursue their own agenda in the ensuing joint session . This is done through a listening approach called Non-Directive Empathic Listening developed by Gregorio Billikopf and then helping participants through a self-evaluative process and sharing interpersonal negotiation skills with them .
Joint session
In the joint session , individuals are situated so they sit face to face in order to address each other directly , rather than through the mediator . To enhance this delegation of responsibility , clients sit facing directly across a table from each other , while the mediator sits at a distance from both . This assures that both parties must address each other , directly . Parties often must be reminded that the mediator is there to help the parties take responsibility for managing their own conflict , rather than to judge between the merits of the position of one party or the other .
Concept origins
The party-directed mediation model was developed by Gregorio Billikopf of the University of California . One aspect of the mediation model focuses on listening , using the techniques of client centered therapy developed by Carl Rogers . The role of the mediator is primarily to be a good listener and coach , thereby allowing the parties involved to have free rein over the specific steps taken toward resolving a conflict or achieving a compromise .
References
External links
Party-Directed Mediation : Facilitating Dialogue Between Individuals by Gregorio Billikopf , free complete book PDF download , at the University of California ( 3rd Edition , posted 24 March 2014 )
Party-Directed Mediation : Facilitating Dialogue Between Individuals by Gregorio Billikopf , free complete book download , from Internet Archive ( 3rd Edition , multiple file formats including PDF , EPUB , and others )
Training , Coaching & Mediation by Sayed Sayedy
Non-Directive Empathic Listening by Gregorio Billikopf
Interpersonal Negotiation Skills two-hour seminar by Gregorio Billikopf , a summary of Chapter 4 of Party-Directed Mediation .
Empathic Listening Audio by Gregorio Billikopf , download hour lecture on MP3 files , at the University of California ( 2009 , Chapter 2 of Party-Directed Mediation ) .
Mediation
Helloween are a German power metal band from Hamburg . Formed in 1984 , the group was originally a quartet featuring Kai Hansen on lead vocals and rhythm guitar , Michael Weikath on lead guitar and backing vocals , Markus Grosskopf on bass and backing vocals , and Ingo Schwichtenberg on drums . The band 's current lineup includes constant members Weikath and Grosskopf , alongside Hansen ( who rejoined in 2016 after leaving in 1989 ) , co-lead vocalists Michael Kiske ( from 1986 to 1993 , and since 2016 ) and Andreas `` Andi '' Deris ( since 1994 ) , rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist Sascha Gerstner ( since 2002 ) , and drummer Daniel `` Dani '' Löble ( since 2005 ) .
History
1984–1994
Helloween were formed in 1984 by Kai Hansen , Michael Weikath , Markus Grosskopf and Ingo Schwichtenberg . The band signed with German heavy metal label Noise Records before the end of the year and released their self-titled debut EP in April 1985 . After the group issued their debut full-length album Walls of Jericho later the same year , Hansen decided to step back from the role of lead vocalist to focus on their guitar playing . After a lengthy process of trying to find a replacement , in November the role was filled by Michael Kiske . Keeper of the Seven Keys : Parts I and II followed in 1987 and 1988 , respectively , before Hansen left completely on New Year 's Day 1989 due to `` the ever-increasing stress of touring '' . They were quickly replaced by Roland Grapow and the band returned to touring .
With new guitarist Roland Grapow , the band released two studio albums – Pink Bubbles Go Ape in 1991 and Chameleon in 1993 – before more lineup changes occurred . During the 1993 tour in promotion of Chameleon , Schwichtenberg was fired due to drug addiction and mental health issues , with Riad `` Ritchie '' Abdel-Nabi taking their place for the rest of the shows . By the end of the year , Kiske had also been fired after growing tensions between the two members had led Weikath to refuse to work with the vocalist . Schwichtenberg would later commit suicide in 1995 .
1994–2003
After firing two members in late 1993 , Helloween returned early the following year with new vocalist Andreas `` Andi '' Deris and drummer Ulrich `` Uli '' Kusch . This lineup remained stable for several years , issuing a string of commercially successful albums . However , in August 2001 it was announced that both Kusch and guitarist Roland Grapow had parted ways with Helloween . In a statement issued the day after the official announcement , the dismissals were credited to `` differences in priority '' , with a spokesperson for the band adding that `` It was felt Roland and Uli were paying too much time and attention to their solo projects . After a very successful tour behind The Dark Ride album Michael , Markus and Andi felt quite rightly that the focus of Helloween members must be 100 % on Helloween . ''
In early September , Kusch 's replacement was announced as former Metalium drummer Mark Cross . Helloween remained without a second guitarist until August 2002 , when it was announced that Sascha Gerstner , who had left Freedom Call a year earlier , had joined the band . Recording subsequently began for the group 's next album , however Cross was forced to sit out after contracting mononucleosis , with Mikkey Dee of Motörhead taking their place in the studio . In February 2003 , Cross was officially replaced by former U.D.O . and Accept drummer Stefan Schwarzmann .
Since 2003
Within two years of joining , drummer Stefan Schwarzmann had left Helloween , with Daniel `` Dani '' Löble taking their place in February 2005 . The lineup remained stable for more than ten years , before it was announced in November 2016 that founding member Kai Hansen and former vocalist Michael Kiske would be returning to Helloween for the Pumpkins United World Tour starting the following year . At the start of the tour , the newly expanded group released the single `` Pumpkins United '' , featuring Kiske , Hansen and continuing vocalist Andi Deris on vocals . Following the touring cycle , the seven-piece incarnation of Helloween remained in place , with a new studio album slated for release in 2020 .
Official members
Current
Former
Backup musicians
Session
Touring
Timeline
Lineups
References
External links
Helloween official website
Helloween
Croyland Abbey is a Grade II-listed manor house ( currently used as offices ) , in Wellingborough , Northamptonshire .
History
The building was never an abbey . It is named after Croyland ( or Crowland ) Abbey in Lincolnshire , for which it was a monastic grange from the 10th century . Although there was never an Abbey here , there were monks here that lived and worshipped at the site . A Grade I tithe barn , dating to the 15th Century , is the only remaining building that was attached to the medieval grange . The ironstone barn survived a fire in 1972 .
The present structure is Jacobean and was constructed in the 17th century . It has been heavily altered and rebuilt ; with large parts of the 17th-century house demolished in the early 19th-century . However , traces of the medieval grange exist , in the form of a 12th-century doorway .
The Abbey adjoins Croyland Hall , originally a farmhouse , which was home to Wellingborough Heritage Centre until 2006 . Renamed Wellingborough Museum , it relocated to the building that used to be Dulleys swimming baths in Castle Way , with the help of the Heritage Lottery Fund .
Both Croyland Hall and Croyland Abbey are now occupied as offices by Wellingborough Borough Council .
There is a Cleric with the Title Abbot of Croyland .
References
Country houses in Northamptonshire
Wellingborough
Chaetostomella zhuravlevi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae .
Distribution
Russia .
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 2000
Diptera of Asia
Ipembe is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania . In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 2,039 people in the ward , from 1,858 in 2012 .
References
Wards of Singida Region
Group E of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament was one of the seven groups to decide the teams which qualified for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations finals tournament . Group E consisted of four teams : Ghana , Guinea , Uganda , and Togo , who played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format .
Standings
Matches
Goalscorers
Discipline
Notes
References
External links
Orange Africa Cup Of Nations Qualifiers , CAFonline.com
Group E
Qual
Sanja Ožegović ( born 15 June 1959 ) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
1959 births
Living people
Basketball players from Zagreb
Yugoslav women 's basketball players
Croatian women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Shooting guards
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Saint-Rémi may refer to :
Saint Rémi or Remigius ( c. 437–533 ) , Bishop of Reims
Basilica of Saint-Remi , a medieval abbey church in Reims , France
Musée Saint-Remi , a former abbey in Reims , France
French ship Saint-Rémi , a 400-ton ship active in 1785
Saint-Rémi , Quebec , a city in Les Jardins-de-Napierville
Saint-Rémi-de-Tingwick , Quebec , a municipality in Centre-du-Québec
Hrudaya Sangama is a 1972 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by Rashi Brothers and produced by MJM Productions . It starred Rajkumar and Bharathi . The film was part black-and-white and part color , thus making it a partial color film . Vijaya Bhaskar scored the music and the story was written by H. N. Muddukrishna.The movie saw a theatrical run of 18 weeks .
The film , upon release , was critically acclaimed and went on to win the Karnataka State Award for fourth best film for the year 1972–73 .
Rajkumar plays a dual role in the movie . However , this movie is not considered as a movie with double role since the second character appears only for three minutes on-screen in spite of it being an important plot twist .
Cast
Rajkumar as Jamindaar Rajanna and Kumar ( dual roles )
Bharathi
Balakrishna
K. S. Ashwath
Loknath
Pandari Bai
Vasanthi
Jayaram
Sampath
Shivaram
Ganapathi Bhat
Shakti Prasad
Soundtrack
The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar . The song `` Née Thanda Kanike '' was received extremely well and considered as one of the evergreen duet songs .
Track list
See also
Kannada films of 1972
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Kannada-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Indian drama films
Films scored by Vijaya Bhaskar
Pathanamthitta Lok Sabha constituency is a Lok Sabha constituencies in Kerala state in southern India . It is a newly formed constituency in the Central Travancore region of Kerala for the election of a member of the Lok Sabha .
The district , which was previously fragmented into different parliamentary constituencies , was unified into a single Parliamentary constituency as per the Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly . Constituenciesc Order , 2008 .
Assembly Segments
Pathanamthitta Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments :
Members of Parliament
Election results
In the first election held in this district on 16 May 2009 , United Democratic Front ( UDF ) candidate Anto Antony Punnathaniyil of the Indian National Congress was elected by 408,232 votes over K. Ananthagopan of the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) 297,026 ; B. Radhakrishna Menon of the Bharatiya Janata Party 56,294 ; K. K. Nair of the Bahujan Samaj Party 22,424 ; and Mani C. Kappan of the Nationalist Congress Party 4,445 votes .
Indian general election , 2019
According to Election Commission , there are 13,40,193 registered voters in Pathanamthitta Constituency for 2019 Lok Sabha Election . Pathanamthitta Constituency was polled 74.19 % of total electorate .
Indian general election , 2014
Indian general election , 2009
See also
2014 Indian general election
Indian general election , 2014 ( Kerala )
Kottayam District
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
Pathanamthitta district
References
External links
Pathanamthitta Lok Sabha Elections detail results 2019
Lok Sabha constituencies in Kerala
Politics of Pathanamthitta district
Daryl William Mathew Gabriel McInnes ( born 10 September 1963 ) is an Australian film and television actor and writer . They portrayed the role of Matt Tivolli in The Time of Our Lives . They are best known for their roles as Senior Constable Nick Schultz in Blue Heelers and Max Connors in SeaChange .
Early life
McInnes was born in Redcliffe , Queensland . They studied drama at the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts and graduated in 1988 . They were made a fellow of the academy in 2010 . They also have a degree and honorary doctorate from Central Queensland University in Rockhampton .
Career
Television
After a recurring role in A Country Practice in 1990 , McInnes appeared in series such as Bligh , Ocean Girl , Good Vibrations and Snowy before making their name as Senior Constable Nick Schultz on Blue Heelers in 1993 . McInnes starred on the show until 1998 , when they left to focus on other work . In 1999 , they joined the cast of SeaChange as Max Connors , the new love interest of the main character Laura Gibson ( Sigrid Thornton ) after Diver Dan ( David Wenham ) left the series .
In 2001 , they starred in an episode of Halifax f.p .. In 2002 , McInnes was part of the cast of Marshall Law , which was cancelled after one season ; and they returned for several episodes of Blue Heelers in 2004 and 2005 . They also had a recurring role as Rosie 's sleazy ex Colin in 2003 's CrashBurn ; and a noted comic turn as Sandy Freckle in two episodes of Kath & Kim , under the pseudonym `` Rock Hampton '' . In 2006 they completed the telemovie Stepfather of the Bride .
McInnes was the first guest host of Let Loose Live on 29 May 2005 ; the show was axed by the Seven Network after just two weeks . They also appeared as themselves on Micallef Tonight on the Nine Network but it was also quickly axed . McInnes lent their voice for the Nine Network factual series The Code : Crime and Justice . They are sometimes credited as `` Rock Hampton '' ( e.g . in Kath & Kim and the 2005 film You and Your Stupid Mate ) , as a nod to their university time spent in the city of the same name . In 2007 they played the title role in the telemovie Curtin .
In late 2007 , they had the lead role in SBS 's East West 101 . In 2008 , they also appeared in Network Ten 's telemovie The Informant .
Film
Early film roles include My Brother Jack ( 2001 ) , Do Or Die ( 2001 ) , Dirty Deeds ( 2002 ) and the TV Movie The Shark Net ( 2003 ) .
McInnes featured in the lead role in Look Both Ways ( 2005 ) , directed by their wife Sarah Watt . Subsequent film roles include in 2006 Irresistible , with Susan Sarandon , and Kokoda , the lead role in the romantic drama Unfinished Sky in 2007 , and in 2009 Prime Mover , featuring Andrew S. Gilbert , Ben Mendelsohn and Anthony Hayes , and Sarah Watt 's follow-up film My Year Without Sex .
Radio
In December 2016 , McInnes hosted Summer Afternoons across ABC Local Radio .
Writing
McInnes released their first book A Man 's Got to Have a Hobby on 1 August 2005 . Their second book Cricket Kings was released in 2006 and their third , That 'd Be Right , in August 2008 . Their fourth book , The Making of Modern Australia , was released in 2010 ; it was accompanied by a television documentary series of the same name on the ABC that McInnes narrated . In 2011 they released their fifth book , Worse Things Happen at Sea , co-written by their wife Sarah Watt . In 2014 they released Holidays , a collection of stories loosely based around their and other people 's holidays . They wrote a regular column called `` William Tells '' for The Australian Women 's Weekly .
Other
On 16 February 2009 , John Faulkner , then Special Minister of State and Cabinet Secretary , appointed McInnes as the new chair of the Advisory Council of the Museum of Australian Democracy at Old Parliament House . McInnes has spoken in many of their media appearances about the museum and its work and the importance of democratic values and civics education . They succeeded Doug Anthony as chair of the council .
Awards
McInnes has won , and been nominated for , several awards including :
Won
2000 – Most Outstanding Actor at the Logie Awards , for SeaChange
2002 – Most Outstanding Actor at the Logie Awards , for My Brother Jack
2008 – Most Outstanding Actor at the Logie Awards , for East West 101
2008 – Best Actor in a Leading Role at the 50th Australian Film Institute Awards for Unfinished Sky
Nominated
1997 – Most Outstanding Actor at the Logie Awards , for Blue Heelers
1998 – Most Outstanding Actor at the Logie Awards , for Blue Heelers
2001 – Most Outstanding Actor at the Logie Awards , for SeaChange
2001 – Most Popular Actor at the Logie Awards , for SeaChange
2001 – Best Actor in a telemovie at the AFI Awards , for My Brother Jack
2001 – Best Actor in a Television Series at the AFI Awards , for SeaChange
2004 – Most Outstanding Actor at the Logie Awards , for The Shark Net
2005 – Best Lead Actor at the AFI Awards , for Look Both Ways
2008 – Best Lead Actor at the AFI Awards , for East West 101
In 2009 as part of the Q150 celebrations , McInnes was announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for their role as an `` Influential Artist '' .
Personal life
They were married to film actor , animator and director Sarah Watt . They had two children , Clem and Stella . Sarah Watt died of cancer in 2011 .
Works
Non-fiction
Fiction
References
External links
1963 births
Australian male film actors
Australian male television actors
Australian non-fiction writers
Best Actor AACTA Award winners
Central Queensland University alumni
Living people
Logie Award winners
Male actors from Queensland
20th-century Australian male actors
21st-century Australian male actors
Audiobook narrators
Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts alumni
Jumpman Junior is a platform game written by Randy Glover and published by Epyx in 1983 for the Atari 8-bit family and Commodore 64 . In 1984 , a port was released for ColecoVision in Australia , France , Germany , Italy and the UK . It is a follow-up to Jumpman ( 1983 ) . While Jumpman has 30 levels , Jumpman Junior has 12–all of which are different from the previous game . The game was reduced in scope so it could be released in cartridge form .
Gameplay
Jumpman Junior has the same gameplay as Jumpman but with new levels . The goal is to disarm the bombs before they explode . To reach the bombs the player must navigate up platforms , ladders , and ropes by jumping and climbing . Each level has a different theme and different obstacles . There are 12 levels and 8 game speeds .
Reception
Antic liked the `` excellent '' graphics , and faulted it only for the way it started over from the beginning after losing a life .
Electronic Games started its review by calling the original Jumpman `` a genuine classic '' with levels that were `` a coherently-written collection of some of the most interesting play mechanics ever devised . '' They conclude that the new version is `` so good—the playfields are reminiscent of the original , but are all new—that even veteran Jumpmen should check it out . ''
Computer and Video Games rated the ColecoVision version 89 % in 1989 .
Legacy
In 2004 , Jumpman Junior was re-released on the C64 Direct-to-TV .
References
1983 video games
Atari 8-bit family games
ColecoVision games
Commodore 64 games
Platform games
Video games about bomb disposal
Video games about terrorism
Video games developed in the United States
Greene County Airport may refer to :
Greene County–Lewis A. Jackson Regional Airport , an airport serving Xenia , Ohio , United States ( FAA : I19 )
Greene County Airport ( Pennsylvania ) , an airport serving Waynesburg , Pennsylvania , United States ( FAA : WAY )
Francis Gwyn PC ( 1648 – 14 June 1734 ) , of Llansannor Court , was a Welsh Tory politician who sat in the English and House of Commons at various times between 1673 and 1727 .
Background
Gwyn was the son and heir of Edward Gwyn of Llansannor , Glamorganshire , who married Eleanor , the youngest daughter of Sir Francis Popham of Littlecott , Wiltshire . They were born at Combe Florey in Somerset about 1648 . They matriculated at Christ Church , Oxford , on 1 June 1666 , aged 17 and was admitted at Middle Temple in 1667 . Although they trained as a lawyer , they had ample means and went into politics .
Member of Parliament
Gwyn was elected as Member of Parliament for Chippenham at the general election of 1673 and although their election was voided on 6 February , they were returned at a by-election on 11 February 1673 . They were defeated at Chippenham at the 1679 general election and remained outside the House of Commons discharging their official duties . At the 1685 general election they were returned unopposed as MP for Cardiff . They were returned unopposed as MP for Christchurch on the recommendation of Lord Clarendon in 1689 and sat in the Convention Parliament of 1689 to 1690 and in its successor from 1690 to 1695 .
At the 1695 general election , Gwyn was returned unopposed as MP for Callington . They were returned unopposed as MP for Totnes at a by-election on 11 January 1699 and at the first general election of 1701 . They were then returned unopposed for Christchurch at the second general election of 1701 , in 1702 , 1705 and in 1708 . At the 1710 general election they were elected MP for Totnes and was returned unopposed in 1713 .
Gwyn was a Tory , and lost their seat at 1715 general election after the accession of George I . They were returned unopposed as MP for Christchurch at a by-election on 9 March 1717 . At the general election in 1722 they were returned unopposed for both Christchurch and elected in a contest at Wells and chose to sit for Wells . At the dissolution in 1727 they retired from parliamentary life .
Official
In return for the sum of £2,500 Sir Robert Southwell vacated for Gwyn the post of clerk of the council , and they were sworn in on 5 December 1679 , holding the office until January 1685 . Until the death of Charles II they were a Groom of the Bedchamber , and they were twice under-secretary of state , from February 1681 to January 1683 , under their cousin , Edward , Earl of Conway , and from Christmas 1688 to Michaelmas 1689 .
When Lord Rochester was lord high treasurer under James II , Gwyn was joint secretary to the treasury with Henry Guy , and when Rochester was made lord-lieutenant of Ireland in 1701 Gwyn was their chief secretary , and a privy councillor . At one time they served as a commissioner of public accounts . From June 1711 to August 1713 they were a commissioner of the board of trade , and they were then secretary at war until 24 September 1714 , when they received a letter of dismissal from Lord Townshend . They were recorder of Totnes and flight attendant of Brecknock .
Works and correspondence
The minutes of the business which they transacted during their periods of office were sold with the effects of Ford Abbey in 1846 . They accompanied James on their expedition to the west in November 1688 , and their diary of the journey was printed by C. T. Gatty in the Fortnightly Review , xlvi . 358–64 ( 1886 ) . When the House of Lords met at the Guildhall , London , in December 1688 , they acted as their secretary , and kept a journal of the proceedings .
Several letters by Gwyn dated 1686 and 1687 , one of which was written when they were setting out with Lord Rochester and James Kendall on a visit to Spa , are printed in the 'Ellis Correspondence ' ( ed . by Lord Dover ) , i . 170–171 , 202–3 , 253–4 , 314–15 . In 'Notes and Queries , ' 2nd ser . xii . 44 ( 1861 ) , is inserted a letter from them to Harley , introducing Narcissus Luttrell the diarist , and many other communications to and from them are referred to in the Historical MSS . Commission 's reports . The constancy of their friendship with Rochester was so notorious that in the 'Wentworth Papers , ' p. 163 , occurs the sentence 'Frank Gwin , Lord Rotchester 's gwine as they call him . '
Family
In 1690 Gwyn married their cousin Margaret Prideaux , third daughter of Edmund Prideaux , and their wife Amy Fraunceis , coheiress of John Fraunceis of Combe Florey , and granddaughter of Edmund Prideaux , attorney-general of Cornwall . They had four sons and three daughters , besides others who died young , and their issue is set out in the pedigree in John Hutchins 's History of Dorset . They were succeeded in turn by their son Edward and William who were also Members of Parliament .
By their marriage Gwyn eventually became owner of the property of that branch of the Prideaux family , including Forde Abbey . The property passed from the family on the death of J. F. Gwyn in 1846 , when there was an eight days ' sale of the abbey 's contents . The sale of the plate , some of which had belonged to Francis Gwyn , occupied almost the whole of the first day . The family portraits , collected by them and their father-in-law , were also sold . In the grand saloon was hung the tapestry said to have been wrought at Arras , and given to Gwyn by Queen Anne , depicting the cartoons of Raphael , for which Catharine of Russia , through Count Orloff , offered £30,000 ; and this was sold to the new proprietor for £2,200 . One room at Ford Abbey was called 'Queen Anne 's , ' for whom it was fitted up when its owner was secretary at war ; and the walls were adorned with tapestry representing a Welsh wedding ; the furniture and tapestry were also purchased for preservation with the house .
Gwyn died at Forde Abbey on 2 June 1734 , aged 86 , and was buried in its chapel .
References
1648 births
1734 deaths
17th-century Welsh politicians
18th-century Welsh politicians
Members of the Parliament of England ( pre-1707 ) for constituencies in Wales
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
People from Somerset
English MPs 1661–1679
Burials in Dorset
English MPs 1685–1687
English MPs 1689–1690
English MPs 1690–1695
English MPs 1695–1698
English MPs 1698–1700
English MPs 1701
English MPs 1701–1702
English MPs 1702–1705
English MPs 1705–1707
British MPs 1707–1708
British MPs 1708–1710
British MPs 1710–1713
British MPs 1713–1715
British MPs 1715–1722
British MPs 1722–1727
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Totnes
Members of the pre-1707 English Parliament for constituencies in Cornwall
Civil servants in the Audit Office ( United Kingdom )
Chief Secretaries for Ireland
Members of the Parliament of England ( pre-1707 ) for Totnes
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Wells
Cassephyra cyanosticta is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by George Hampson in 1907 . It is found in southern India .
References
Moths described in 1907
Ennominae
Eye of the Spider ( ) is a 1971 Italian crime film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero and starring Klaus Kinski .
Cast
Klaus Kinski - Hans Fischer
Antonio Sabàto - Paul Valéry / Frank Vogel
Van Johnson - Prof. Orson Krüger
Romalı Perihan - ( as Perihan )
Lucretia Love - Gloria
Teodoro Corrà
Goffredo Unger - ( as Fredy Unger )
Franco Marletta
Claudio Biava
Brigitte Brandt
W. E. Arnold
Style
Despite the title and posters imagery which makes the film sound like a giallo , Italian film historian Roberto Curti referred to the film as a `` rather typical film noir ''
Release
Eye of the Spider was released on 1 November 1971 in Italy . Due to the growing popularity of and commercial success of the poliziotteschi through the 1970s , the film was re-released as Caso Scorpio : sterminate quelli della calibro 39 . The film grossed 133,333,000 Italian lire domestically .
See also
Klaus Kinski filmography
List of crime films of the 1970s
List of Italian films of 1971
Notes
References
External links
Eye of the Spider at Variety Distribution
1971 films
1970s Italian-language films
1971 crime films
Films directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero
Films scored by Carlo Savina
Italian crime films
1970s Italian films
Satkhira Medical College ( SMC ) ( ) is a government medical college in Bangladesh , established in 2011 . It is located in the south-western city of Satkhira in Khulna Division .
It offers a five-year medical education course leading to an MBBS degree . A one-year internship after graduation is compulsory for all graduates . The degree is recognized by the Bangladesh Medical and Dental Council .
The 500 bed Medical College Hospital has emergency , ICU and CCU facilities . Area of this Medical College is about 45 acres .
History
23 July 2010 : Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina came to Satkhira to visit Cyclone Aila victims and promised to set up a Medical College in Satkhira .
6 February 2011 : In a conference , the prime minister first publicly committed to Satkhira Medical College .
9 August 2011 : The name of SMC was first published in the MBBS admission circular for the session 2011–12 .
16 October 2011 : Satkhira Medical College officially launched . `` Birthday '' of SMC . ( SMC Day )
13 January 2012 : 1st batch ( SMC-01 ) orientation occurred .
23 January 2012 : Academic activities of SMC began . `` Anniversary of SMC-01 . ''
20 July 2012 : The foundation stone of the permanent campus of SMC was laid by former Health Minister Prof. Dr. AFM Ruhul Haque .
30 August 2013 : The permanent campus was started at Bakal , Satkhira .
4 April 2015 : Health Minister Mohammed Nasim inaugurated the 500-bed Satkhira Medical College Hospital .
22 May 2017 : 1st batch started their internship in SMCH .
Current batches
As of January 2022 , there are 10 batches . They are SMC-01 , SMC-02 , SMC-03 , SMC-04 , SMC-05 , SMC-06 , SMC-07 , SMC-08 , SMC-09 & SMC-10 . SMC-04 are now doing their internship after completing the five-year MBBS course . Other batches are in different years .
Every batch also has a name .
SMC-01 : Agrodeep .
SMC-02 : Adommo .
SMC-03 : Spondon .
SMC-04 : Anuronon .
SMC-05 : Avijatrik .
SMC-06 : Aniruddho .
SMC-07 : Dipyoman .
SMC-08 : Nirantar .
SMC-09 : Durnibar .
SMC-10 : Diptakkho .
Principals
Prof. Dr. SZ Atique ( 2012-2014 )
Prof. Dr. Kazi Habibur Rahman ( 2015–2021 )
Prof. Dr. Ruhul Quddus ( 2021- present )
See also
List of medical colleges in Bangladesh
References
Further reading
সাতক্ষীরা মেডিকেলের যাত্রা শুরু
Construction of Satkhira Medical College begins
২৫০ শয্যা সাতক্ষীরা মেডিকেল কলেজ হাসপাতালের শুভ উদ্ধোধন
Medical colleges in Bangladesh
Hospitals in Bangladesh
Educational institutions established in 2011
2011 establishments in Bangladesh
Organisations based in Khulna
Leptocoris is the largest genus of the soapberry bug subfamily . The 41 species of this genus are distributed throughout Africa , South Asia , and Oceania and are thought to have originated in Africa , where the greatest diversity of Leptocoris species are found . Members of this genus are large-bodied and have short , wide pronota ; they are similar in appearance to the New World genus Jadera ( of which there is no range overlap ) . Leptocoris species can be easily distinguished from the small , slender Boisea ( of which there is substantial range overlap ) . The Australian Leptocoris tagalicus has been studied for its ability to rapidly adapt to invasive hosts ( e.g . balloon vine ) and is seen as a possible means of biocontrol for environmental weeds . The southeast Asian species Leptocoris vicinus is common in urban settings , although it is frequently misidentified as Leptocoris augur .
Species
Leptocoris abdominalis
Leptocoris aethiops
Leptocoris affinis
Leptocoris albisoleatus
Leptocoris amictus
Leptocoris augur
Leptocoris bahram
Leptocoris capitis
Leptocoris chevreuxi
Leptocoris cinnamomensis
Leptocoris corniculatus
Leptocoris coxalis
Leptocoris dispar
Leptocoris fuscus
Leptocoris griseiventris
Leptocoris hexophthalmus
Leptocoris insularis
Leptocoris intermedia
Leptocoris isolatus
Leptocoris lanuginosa
Leptocoris lata
Leptocoris longiusculus
Leptocoris marquesensis
Leptocoris minusculus
Leptocoris mitellatus
Leptocoris mutilatus
Leptocoris nigrofasciatus
Leptocoris obscura
Leptocoris paramictus
Leptocoris pectoralis
Leptocoris productus
Leptocoris rufomarginatus
Leptocoris seidenstueckeri
Leptocoris stehliki
Leptocoris subrufescens
Leptocoris tagalicus
Leptocoris teyrovskyi
Leptocoris toricollis
Leptocoris ursulae
Leptocoris verticalis
Leptocoris vicinus
Leptocoris wagneri
References
Serinethinae
Taxa named by Carl Wilhelm Hahn
Pentatomomorpha genera
Tessa King-Farlow ( born 2 February 1941 ) is a British garden designer , former chair of the Birmingham Royal Ballet , and former High Sheriff of the West Midlands .
Tessa King-Farlow was educated at Downe House School . They moved to Birmingham in 1967 . They studied English Language at the University of Birmingham as a mature student , graduating with a BA degree . Farlow-King was High Sheriff of the West Midlands from 2001 to 2002 . They are chair of the Royal Opera House Benevolent Fund . They were chair of Birmingham Royal Ballet from 2004 to 2009 and had been a member of the board . They were a governor of the Royal Ballet School and of Elmhurst School for Dance . They were a Justice of the Peace on the Birmingham Bench . They were chair of the Council of St Philip 's Cathedral , Birmingham , from 2003 to 2004 . They were also a member of the Advisorary Committee of Birmingham Botanical Gardens , of the board of the City of Birmingham Touring Opera , of the board of Ikon Gallery , and of the board of Kings Norton Community Development Trust . They were trustee of Music in May at St Ives . They are a current trustee of the Sacconi Trust . King-Farlow was awarded the Honorary degree of Doctor of Music ( DMus ) by the University of Birmingham in 2009 .
References
High Sheriffs of the West Midlands
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
People educated at Downe House School
1941 births
Living people
Merja Larivaara ( born 4 July 1964 in Haukipudas , Finland ) is a Finnish actor .
Larivaara began their career in 1988 in Rengasmatka and has thirty or so appearances on film and television , often appearing on shows as herself .
They starred in the 1994 film Aapo with actors such as Taisto Reimaluoto , Ulla Koivuranta , Kai Lehtinen , Martti Suosalo and Esko Nikkari .
In 2005 , they appeared in TV series Game Over .
Selected filmography
The Well ( 1992 )
Ripa Hits the Skids ( 1993 )
The Path of the Righteous Men ( 2012 )
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
People from Haukipudas
Finnish actores
Barnardichthys fulvomarginata is a species of sole endemic to the coasts of South Africa . This species grows to a length of TL . This species is the only known member of its genus .
References
Soleidae
Monotypic fish genera
Fish of South Africa
Marine fish of Africa
Taxa named by Paul Chabanaud
Rüssingen is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Donnersbergkreis
Brian Babit ( born 21 March 1993 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Swift Hesperange .
Club career
Babit made their professional debut in November 2012 in a 2–1 victory against Nîmes .
After Dijon , ASM Belfort , Sarreguemines and Virton , they moved to Swift Hesperange in December 2018 .
References
External links
Brian Babit foot-national.com Profile
1993 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
French footballers
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Dijon FCO players
Amiens SC players
ASM Belfort players
R.E . Virton players
People from Saint-Avold
Footballers from Grand Est
Sportspeople from Moselle ( department )
French expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Luxembourg
French expatriate sportspeople in Luxembourg
FC Swift Hesperange players
John George Anderson was a Canadian Anglican bishop in the 20th century .
Anderson was born in Orkney , Saskatchewan , Canada on 23 March 1866 . They were educated at St. John 's College , University of Manitoba .
Anderson ordained in 1889 after which they were a Church Mission Society ( CMS ) missionary at Long Sault and then Vicar of St Peter 's Manitoba . From 1899 to 1909 they were Rural Dean of Lisgar . In 1909 they became Bishop of Moosonee , a post they held until 1943 , for the last three years of which they were also Metropolitan of Ontario . They died on 15 June 1943 .
References
1866 births
University of Manitoba alumni
Anglican bishops of Moosonee
20th-century Anglican Church of Canada bishops
Metropolitans of Ontario
20th-century Anglican archbishops
1943 deaths
Erautt is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Eddie Erautt ( 1924–2013 ) , American baseball player
Joe Erautt ( 1921–1976 ) , Canadian baseball player
Nicholas Hamner Cobbs ( February 5 , 1796 – January 11 , 1861 ) was a minister and evangelist of the Episcopal church who served as the first Bishop of Alabama from 1844 to 1861 .
Early and family life
Nicholas Cobbs was born on February 5 , 1796 in Bedford County , Virginia , to the former Susanna Hamner and their planter husband , John Lewis Cobbs . Although their father was not religious , their mother Susanna was a devout Episcopalian . They carried the boy 50 miles on horseback to be baptised at their childhood home in Albemarle County .
Their paternal grandfather Edmund Cobbs was likewise a planter . They had married Sarah Lewis of Albemarle County and raised a large family . Their immigrant ancestor Ambrose Cobbs had come to the Chesapeake Bay colony from England and patented lands in Tidewater York County in 1639 .
Nicholas Cobbs received a private education suitable to their class . They taught school at the New London Academy at the former Bedford County seat of New London , Virginia .
They married their cousin Lucy Cobbs of Locust Grove plantation in Lynchburg , Virginia . They raised a large family .
Ecclesiastic career
On May 23 , 1824 , in Staunton , Virginia , Virginia bishop Richard Channing Moore both confirmed Cobbs as an Episcopalian and ordained them as a deacon on the same day . The young missionary taught school during the week , then on weekends traveled by horse drawn wagon with a small choir to various Episcopalian homes in the Piedmont , Shenandoah Valley and Blue Ridge mountain region between Bristol and Lynchburg .
A year later , on May 23 , 1825 , Bishop Moore ordained Cobbs as priest at Monumental Church in Richmond . Rev . Cobbs re-established or became rector of two parishes in their home of Bedford County : Trinity Church and St. Stephen 's , and several others in the region . In 1837 , Rev . Cobbs became the Episcopal chaplain at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville in Albemarle County . They continued teaching and evangelizing in the region .
In 1839 Rev . Cobbs accepted a position slightly eastward at St. Paul 's Church in Petersburg , Virginia . They also attended the General Conventions of the Episcopal Church as one of the Virginia delegates from 1828 until 1841 . Their sermon , `` The Doubting Christian Encouraged '' , was reprinted several times .
In 1843 , Cobbs moved westward and accepted a position as rector of St. Paul 's church ( later the Episcopal cathedral ) in Cincinnati , Ohio . The city had become a major gateway for travel on the Ohio River and settlement of both the Midwest ( which did not allow slavery pursuant to the Northwest Ordinance and subsequent state constitutions , but which adopted various legalisms to allow visiting slaveholders to continue to own enslaved individuals ) and the non-seaboard South ( from Kentucky across the Ohio River and further south into Tennessee , Mississippi , Alabama and Louisiana ) .
Cobbs owned enslaved people , as did their relatives who stayed in Virginia . In the 1830 U.S. Federal Census , Rev . Cobbs had owned five enslaved individuals : two males and two females of between 10 and 23 years old , and a woman of between 24 and 34 years old . Ten years later , in the 1840 U.S. Federal Census , Rev . Cobbs ' household of 13 included four enslaved persons : a man of between 35 and 45 years old , and three women ( 1 in each of the 10–24 years old , 24 to 35 year old , and 35 to 45 year old categories ) .
They probably are the N. Cobbs who owned seven enslaved individuals in Tuscaloosa , Alabama in the 1850 federal census , since his , their wife 's and children 's names were spelled out in the corresponding census . In the 1860 federal census , Rev . Cobbs owned two enslaved 20 and 25-year-old Black women , a 45-year-old Black man , and a 14-year- old boy .
In 1844 , Rev . Cobbs was elected the first bishop of the newly formed Episcopal Diocese of Alabama . After accepting the position , they were consecrated in Christ Church , Philadelphia , on October 20 , 1844 . Cobbs opposed Alabama 's secession from the Union upon the election of Abraham Lincoln as President . When such occurred , Bishop Cobbs ordered Alabama clergy to omit prayers for the Confederate Congress and President from services .
Death and legacy
Cobbs died in Montgomery , Alabama , on January 11 , 1861 , the day of their state 's secession from the Union on the eve of the American Civil War . The Bishop Cobbs Home for Orphans in Montgomery was named for him .
References
External links
Consecration sermon October 20 , 1844
Nicholas Hamner Cobbs
People from Montgomery , Alabama
1796 births
1861 deaths
Episcopal bishops of Alabama
American slave owners
19th-century American Episcopalians
People from Bedford County , Virginia
Religious leaders from Virginia
19th-century American clergy
Fredericktown is a historic unincorporated community at the confluence of the north and middle forks of Little Beaver Creek in northeastern St. Clair Township , Columbiana County , Ohio , United States . It lies about six miles north of nearby East Liverpool and about 50 miles west of Pittsburgh . It is known for its historic buildings and its natural environment .
History
Fredericktown was laid out in 1833 by George Frederick , and named for him . A former variant name was Saint Clair . A post office called Saint Clair operated between 1848 and 1918 .
Historic sites
Despite its small size , Fredericktown has a number of historic buildings . These include an unusual octagonal building which was used variously over the years as a general store , a school and the village post office ; two churches ( one of which was deconsecrated and is now privately owned ) ; several private homes constructed of locally quarried sandstone ; several log cabins ; a one-room schoolhouse ; a number of barns ; and the former Stagecoach Inn , which has been a private home for some years .
Notes
References
The Enchanted Village : The History of Fredericktown , Ohio by Regis Scharf and Gary Winterburn was privately published in 1992 . It has long been out of print , although a new edition is being planned .
St. Clair Township Travel & Tourism Bureau
February 10 , 1976 letter from President Gerald R. Ford entitled `` Message to the Congress Transmitting Report on Little Beaver Creek , Ohio ''
The Ohio Historical Society
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Columbiana County , Ohio
1833 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1833
The Māori people of New Zealand use the word rohe to describe the territory or boundaries of iwi ( tribes ) , although some divide their rohe into several takiwā .
The areas shown on the map ( right ) are indicative only , and some iwi areas may overlap .
The term rohe also combines with other words to form more modern terms . These include rohe pōti , meaning an electoral district or constituency , rohe wā , meaning time zone , and whatunga rohe paetata , meaning a local area network . The term rohe on its own has also been adopted to mean an internet domain . The term is also used for the mission districts ( rohe mihana ) of Te Pīhopatanga o Aotearoa , the Māori Anglican Church in Aotearoa/New Zealand .
See also
List of Māori iwi
References
External links
Iwi and hapū
Māori words and phrases
The Adventures of Barry Ween , Boy Genius is a comic book metaseries created , written and illustrated by Judd Winick . It follows the comical escapades of the eponymous character , a 10-year-old boy who secretly possesses the most powerful intellect on Earth , along with their impulsive best friend Jeremy and their crush Sara . Barry puts their genius to work primarily in creating outlandish inventions that are centuries ahead of their time , such as teleportation devices , jetpacks and wallet-sized nuclear devices . Many of the storylines involve one of Barry 's inventions going horribly wrong ( usually due to Jeremy 's clumsiness ) and the two boys ' efforts to right the situation before anyone can find out . Barry takes great care to keep their genius a secret and maintains Jeremy as their only confidant . The pair 's dialogue is rife with profanity , often complex in its construction , and this foul-mouthed irreverence is reflected to a lesser extent in several of the other characters .
Publication history
Barry Ween 's adventures were first published in a three-issue mini-series by Image Comics in 1999 . Oni Press picked up the title for two additional miniseries : three issues in 2000 , and six issues in 2001 and 2002 . The most recent issue was released in February 2002 . For a time Winick 's website listed Barry Ween : Boy Genius in Space as an upcoming work , which after being on hiatus for 8 years has recently been announced to be in progress .
Characters
Barry Ween
Barry is ten years old and by far the smartest organism on the planet . No explanation is ever provided for their vast intellect , although the first issue begins with Barry stating that `` I was smart even before birth , and I 'm not talking a little smart . I mean way smart , like , self-awareness-in-the-womb-smart . '' They are an extremely prolific inventor and has built an immense secret lair underneath their suburban home full of robots , futuristic transports , and weapons . Due to their knowledge of the workings of the human body , they are exceptionally skilled at hand-to-hand combat . Despite their genius , however , Barry is prone to making errors in their experiments that can lead to near-catastrophic consequences , like turning their aunt into an enormous deformed blob , knocking the Earth out of the sun 's orbit , or accidentally creating an inter-dimensional rift in their basement . They cope with their unusual lifestyle by adopting a sardonic sense of humor and a thinly veiled contempt for most of their schoolmates . Despite the great power that their intelligence grants him , they admit later in the series that their superior mind is a kind of curse : they can not stop thinking , calculating probabilities , and formulating plans ; so they never sleeps . In fact , they attend school because they believe social interaction will slow their descent into madness .
Jeremy Ramirez
Jeremy is the only human to know of Barry 's abilities ( other characters have discovered them at various points in the series , only to have Barry erase their memories ) . Like Barry , Jeremy is a profane and irreverent ten-year-old , although Jeremy shows a great deal less maturity and restraint . They have an enormous and somewhat curious interest in women , despite not having yet entered puberty . They tag along for all of Barry 's adventures , usually to provide comic relief . They fervently deny any attraction to Roxie ( despite evidence to the contrary ) . When asked by Roxie why they keep Jeremy around , Barry replies that they enjoy having someone not in awe of their genius or asking questions to keep them a bit grounded .
Sara Tan
A classmate and friend to Barry and Jeremy , Sara ( sometimes spelled `` Sarah , '' most likely a typo ) is probably the smartest character in the series next to Barry . They are confident , brave , and resourceful ; qualities that have made them an able participant in some of Barry 's more dangerous escapades . Barry is very attracted to her , and dealing with their relationship has been perhaps one of the few challenges they can not surmount with their intelligence alone . It is not clear to what degree Sara reciprocates this affection , although they clearly like and respects Barry . They have twice learned of their intelligence , but Barry erased their memory the first time and altered the past through time travel the second time in order to save them from death . Though Sara 's death was averted , Barry was intensely - though privately - devastated by the experience .
Whether or not Barry will eventually admit them into their confidence remains to be seen .
Roxie
Roxie is a Bigfoot whom Barry and Jeremy met when Barry 's parents were kidnapped and nearly eaten by another Sasquatch . Far more intelligent and ambitious than the lazy majority of their kind , they were able to secure Barry 's help in removing most of their hair so that they could pass for human . Despite looking like an eleven-year-old girl , Roxie is extremely strong , fast and agile , and often forgets that they must pretend to be weaker to maintain their cover . They are a voracious reader , and prior to meeting Barry used to break into libraries in order to gain access to books . They have so far only appeared in two issues .
Notable quotes
From Barry
`` Color me nine different shades of not giving a fuck ! ''
`` Considering [ Jeremy 's ] attention span now , imagine them at five . They were like a hummingbird on crack . ''
`` In The Sun Also Rises , Ernest Hemingway describes genius as the ability to learn at a greater velocity . For a suicidal drunk with a pathological fear of latent homosexuality , Papa did all right . ''
`` When asked if they felt like a failure after their 'ten thousandth ' unsuccessful attempt to create a working electric light bulb , Thomas Alva Edison said : 'Why ? I have not failed . I 've just found ten thousand ways that wo n't work . ' What an asshole . Smart guy , but also a patent thief that had an ego to almost eclipse the mountain of self-importance I possess . ''
`` At 8 months of age , I made my first high-powered telescope by cannibalizing a video camera and an Atari 2600 ( not like anyone was going to miss it ) . And my studies have concluded that extraterrestrials exist ... and they 're generally a bunch of jerk-offs . Alien visitation to Earth falls into two categories . One : The National Geographic Special . These are camera crews who come to Earth to film us in our natural habitat . And Two : The intergalactic equivalent of cow-tipping . It 's predominately drunken alien frat-boys mutilating cattle , flying in observed airspace , and anal probing . But there are exceptions to these two categories ... ''
From Roxie
`` These douchebags would n't know a book if one crawled up their furry gams and started blowing them ! '' ( Referring to the other Sasquatches ' lack of learning and intelligence )
`` Ray-Ray could n't find their asshole with a stick and eight hands . '' ( They apparently also have a lousy sense of direction )
Bibliography
The Adventures of Barry Ween : Boy Genius vol . 1 , three issues , March–May 1999 , Image Comics
The Adventures of Barry Ween : Boy Genius 2.0 , three issues , February–April 2000 , Oni Press
Oni Press Summer Vacation Supercolor Fun Special , one-shot , July 2000 , Oni Press
Featured Story : Weenout : The Carrie-Ween Crossover , featuring Carrie Stetko from Whiteout ; co-written by Greg Rucka & Winick , and illustrated by Winick
The Adventures of Barry Ween : Boy Genius - Monkey Tales ( six issues , February–October 2001 & February 2002 , Oni Press )
The Adventures of Barry Ween : Boy Genius - Secret Crisis Origin Files ( reprint of Monkey Tales # 4 for Free Comic Book Day , published July 2004 by Oni Press )
Collected editions
The series has been collected into a number of trade paperbacks :
The Adventures of Barry Ween : Boy Genius , Volume 1 ( collects vol . 1 # 1-3 , August 2000 , Oni Press , )
The Adventures of Barry Ween : Boy Genius , Volume 2 - 2.0 ( collects vol . 2 # 1-3 , 2001 , Oni Press , )
The Adventures of Barry Ween : Boy Genius , Volume 3 - Monkey Tales ( collects Monkey Tales # 1-3 , 2001 , Oni Press , )
The Adventures of Barry Ween : Boy Genius , Volume 4 - Gorilla Warfare ( collects Monkey Tales # 4-6 , 2002 , Oni Press , )
The Big Book of Barry Ween : Boy Genius ( collects all 12 issues of all 3 limited series , 2008 , Oni Press , )
Other appearances
Oni Press Color Special 2001 ( one-shot , June 2001 , Oni Press )
Barry makes an appearance in the opening story , Who Killed Madman ? '' , as rendered by Mike Allred
References
External links
The Worlds of Judd Winick
Direct Link To Barry Ween Section of above site
Oni Press titles
Child superheroes
USA-154 , also known as GPS IIR-6 and GPS SVN-41 , is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System . It was the sixth Block IIR GPS satellite to be launched , out of thirteen in the original configuration , and twenty one overall . It was built by Lockheed Martin , using the AS-4000 satellite bus .
USA-154 was launched at 17:14:02 UTC on 10 November 2000 , atop a Delta II carrier rocket , flight number D281 , flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration . The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , and placed USA-154 into a transfer orbit . The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor .
By 13 November 2000 , USA-154 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 724.28 minutes , and 55 degrees of inclination to the equator . It was used to broadcast the PRN 14 signal , and operated in slot 5 of plane F of the GPS constellation . The satellite had a mass of , and a design life of 10 years . As of July 2020 it is no longer in service .
References
Spacecraft launched in 2000
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Czarnołozy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-west of Wojsławice , south of Chełm , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Black Rose or Black Roses may refer to :
Books
Black Rose ( .hack ) , a fictional character from the .hack media franchise
Black Rose ( magazine ) , an anarchist magazine published in Boston during the 1970s and 1980s
Black Roses ( novel ) , 1929 novel by Francis Brett Young
The Black Rose ( novel ) , a 1945 historical novel by Thomas B. Costain
Black Rose Books , a Montréal publishing house primarily known for its anarchist titles
Kodachi Kuno ( `` The Black Rose '' ) , a character in Rumiko Takahashi 's Ranma media franchise
Black Rose , an incarnation of Roxanne Simpson in Ghost Rider comic books
Film and TV
Black Roses ( 1921 film ) , a 1921 American crime drama film
Black Roses ( 1932 film ) , a Swedish drama film
Black Roses ( 1935 film ) , a 1935 German historical drama film
Black Roses ( 1945 film ) , a 1945 Swedish drama film
The Black Rose , a 1950 adaptation of the book , starring Orson Welles
Black Roses ( 1988 film ) , a 1988 horror film
Black Rose ( 2014 film ) , a 2014 action film
Black Rose ( 2018 film ) , a 2018 Nigerian drama film
Television
Black Rose ( Singaporean TV series ) , a Singaporean television variety show that aired on MediaCorp Channel 8 in 2010 and again in 2014
Black Rose ( Turkish TV series ) , a 2013–2016 Turkish drama television series that aired on Fox Turkey
Music
Classical
`` Black Roses '' , song by Delius
`` Black Roses '' , song by Sibelius
Musical ensembles
Black Rose , a Danish rock band featuring King Diamond
Black Rose ( British band ) , an English heavy metal band
Black Rose ( Fiji group ) , otherwise known as Rosiloa
Albums
Black Rose ( Cher album ) , 1980
Black Rose ( J. D. Souther album ) , 1976
Black Rose ( Tyrese album ) , 2015
Black Rose : A Rock Legend , a 1979 album by Thin Lizzy
The Black Rose EP , a 2007 EP by Blindside
Black Roses ( The Rasmus album ) , 2008
Black Roses , an unreleased album by Foxy Brown ( rapper )
Songs
`` Black Rose '' , by Borealis from the album World of Silence
`` Black Rose '' , by Buffalocomotive from the album Tears of the Enchanted Mainframe
`` Black Rose '' , by John Cale from the album Artificial Intelligence
`` Black Rose '' , by Trapt from the album Only Through the Pain
`` Black Rose '' , by Volbeat from the album Seal the Deal & Let 's Boogie
`` A Black Rose '' , by Therion , from the album Symphony Masses : Ho Drakon Ho Megas
`` Grim Heart/Black Rose '' , by Converge from the album No Heroes
`` Black Roses '' , by Clare Bowen from the soundtrack The Music of Nashville : Season 2 , Volume 2
`` Black Roses '' , by Charli XCX from the album True Romance
`` Black Roses '' , by Inner Circle
`` Black Rose '' , by Billy Joe Shaver , sung by Waylon Jennings , from the album Honky Tonk Heroes
`` Black Roses '' , by Trey Songz from the album Ready
Other
Black rose ( symbolism ) , a rose with black petals
Black Rose ( BDSM organization ) , a BDSM organization headquartered in Washington , DC
Black rose ( grape ) , a grape cultivar
Black Rose ( pinball ) , a pinball machine produced by Midway
Black Rose ( wrestler ) ( born 1981 ) , Puerto Rican wrestler
Black Roses ( American Samoan football club )
See also
Blue Rose ( disambiguation )
Red rose ( disambiguation )
White Rose ( disambiguation )
Yellow rose ( disambiguation )
was a Japanese entomologist specialising in the Leaf beetle family ( Chrysomelidae ) .
Publications
Gressitt , J.L . & Kimoto S. ( 1961 ) . The Chrysomelidae ( Coleopt . ) of China and Korea . Part 1 . Pacific Insects 1A : 1–299 .
Gressitt , J.L . & Kimoto S. ( 1963 ) . The Chrysomelidae ( Coleopt . ) of China and Korea . Part 2 . Pacific Insects 1B : 301–1026 .
Gressitt , J.L . & Kimoto S. ( 1963 ) . Supplement to `` The Chrysomelidae ( Coleopt . ) of China and Korea '' . Pacific Insects 5 ( 4 ) : 921–932 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1967 ) . Notes on the Chrysomelidae from Taiwan I. Kontyû 35 ( 4 ) : 368–374 .
Kimoto , S. ( 1969 ) . Notes on the Chrysomelidae from Taiwan II . Esakia 7 : 1–68 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1971 ) . Notes on the Chrysomelidae from Taiwan VI . Entomological review of Japan 23 ( 2 ) : 73–87 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1974 ) . Notes on the Chrysomelidae from Taiwan VII . Entomological review of Japan 26 ( 1–2 ) : 21–26 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1976 ) . Notes on the Chrysomelidae from Taiwan VIII . Entomological review of Japan 29 ( 1–2 ) : 1–9 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1978 ) . Revisional Study on the Japanese Species of Genus Hemipyis Dejean ( Coleoptera , Chrysomelidae , Alticinae ) . Entomological review of Japan 31 ( 1–2 ) : 13–21 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1978 ) . Notes on the Chrysomelidae from Taiwan IX . Entomological review of Japan 31 ( 1–2 ) : 69–74 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1979 ) . New or little known Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) from Japan and its adjacent regions , II . Entomological review of Japan 33 ( 1–2 ) : 41–45 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. & Gressitt , J.L . ( 1979 ) . Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) of Thailand , Cambodia , Laos and Vietnam . I. Sagrinae , Donaciinae , Zeugophorinae , Megalopodinae and Criocerinae . Pacific Insects 20 ( 2–3 ) : 191–256 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1981 ) . Revisional Study on the Japanese Species of Genus Medythia Jacoby ( Col. , Chrysomelidae , Galerucinae ) . Entomological review of Japan 35 ( 1–2 ) : 7–11 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. & Takizawa , H. ( 1981 ) . Chrysomelid-beetles of Nepal , Collected by the Hokkaido University Scientific Expeditions to Nepal Himalaya , 1968 and 1975 . Part III ( Coleoptera ) . Entomological review of Japan 35 ( 1–2 ) : 51–65 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1981 ) . Notes on the Chrysomelidae from Taiwan , China , X. Entomological review of Japan 36 ( 1 ) : 1–4 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1981 ) . The Cassidinae of Nepal , Bhutan and Northern Territories of India , in the Natural History Museum in Basel ( Coleoptera , Chrysomelidae ) . Entomological review of Japan 36 ( 1 ) : 55–62 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. & Gressitt , J.L . ( 1981 ) . Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) of Thailand , Cambodia , Laos and Vietnam . II . Clytrinae , Cryptocephalinae , Lamprosomatinae and Chrysomelinae . Pacific Insects 23 ( 3–4 ) : 286–391 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1982 ) . The Galerucinae of Nepal , Bhutan and Northern Territories of India , in the Natural History Museum in Basel . II . ( Coleoptera , Chrysomelidae ) . Entomological review of Japan 37 ( 1 ) : 7–24 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. & Gressitt , J.L . ( 1982 ) . Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) of Thailand , Cambodia , Laos and Vietnam . III . Eumolpinae . Esakia 18 : 1–141 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1983 ) . Revisional Study on Megalopodinae , Donaciinae and Clytrinae of Japan ( Coleoptera : Chrysomelidae ) . Entomological review of Japan 38 ( 1 ) : 5–23 .
Kimoto , S. ( 1983 ) . New or little known Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) from Japan and its adjacent regions , III . Entomological review of Japan 38 ( 1 ) : 45–54 .
Kimoto , S. ( 1984 ) . Notes on Chrysomelidae from Taiwan , China , XI . Entomological review of Japan 39 ( 1 ) : 39–58 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1986 ) . New or little known Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) from Japan and its adjacent regions , V. Entomological review of Japan 41 ( 2 ) : 123–129 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1987 ) . Descriptions of Two New Species of Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) Collected by the Nagoya University Scientific Expedition to Taiwan in 1986 . Entomological review of Japan 42 ( 2 ) : 95–98 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1989 ) . Revisional Study on the Japanese Species of Genus Argopus Fischer ( Col , Chrysomelidae , Alticinae ) . Entomological review of Japan 44 ( 1 ) : 21–24 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1989 ) . Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) of Thailand , Cambodia , Laos and Vietnam . IV . Galerucinae . Esakia 27 : 1–241 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1989 ) . Description of a new genus and three new species of Taiwanese Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) collected by Dr. Kintaro Baba , on the occasion of their entomological survey in 1986 . Entomological review of Japan 44 ( 2 ) : 73–78 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1990 ) . Check-list of Chrysomelidae of South East Asia , South of Thailand and West of Irian-Jaya of Indonesia , VI . Galerucinae , 2 . Kurume University Journal 39 : 201–237 .
Kimoto , S. ( 1991 ) . Description of a new genus and six new species of Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) collected by Dr. Kintaro Baba , in Taiwan , China . Entomological review of Japan 46 ( 1 ) : 13–20 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1991 ) . Notes on Chrysomelidae from Taiwan , China , XII . Entomological review of Japan 46 ( 2 ) : 115–124 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. & Takahashi , Y . ( 1992 ) . Description of a New Species of Galerucinae ( Chrysomelidae , Col. ) from Japan . Entomological review of Japan 47 ( 2 ) : 99–101 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1993 ) . New or little known Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) from Japan and its adjacent regions , VI . Entomological review of Japan 48 ( 2 ) : 93–101 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1994 ) . Description of a new galerucid species from Taiwan , China ( Coleoptera : Chrysomelidae ) . Transactions of the Shikoku Entomological Society 20 : 191–192 .
Kimoto , S. & Osawa , S. ( 1995 ) . Description of a New Species of the Genus Ambrostoma Motschulsky from Taiwan , China ( Coleoptera , Chrysomelidae , Chrysomelinae ) . Entomological review of Japan 50 ( 1 ) : 15–16 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. & Chu , Y . ( 1996 ) . Systematic catalog of Chrysomelidae of Taiwan ( Insecta : Coleoptera ) . Bulletin of the Institute of Comparative Studies of International Cultures and Societies 16 : 1–152 .
Kimoto , S. ( 1996 ) . Notes on Chrysomelidae from Taiwan , China , XIII . Entomological review of Japan 51 ( 1 ) : 27–51 ; pdf
Kimoto , S. ( 1998 ) . Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) of Thailand , Laos and Vietnam . V. Cassidinae . Bulletin of the Institute of Comparative Studies of International Cultures and Societies 21 : 1–88 .
Kimoto , S. ( 1998 ) . Check-list of Chrysomelidae of South East Asia , south of Thailand and west of Irian-Jaya of Indonesia , VII . Cassidinae . Bulletin of the Institute of Comparative Studies of International Cultures and Societies 22 : 59–113 .
Kimoto , S. ( 2001 ) . The Chrysomelidae ( Insecta : Coleoptera ) collected by the Kyushu University Scientific Expedition to the Nepal Himalaya in 1971 and 1972 . Bulletin of the Kitakyushu Museum of Natural History 20 : 17–80 .
Kimoto , S. ( 2003 ) . The Chrysomelidae ( Insecta : Coleoptera ) collected by Dr. Akio Otake , on the occasion of their entomological survey in Sri Lanka from 1973 to 1975 . Bulletin of the Kitakyushu Museum of Natural History and Human History Series A Natural History 1 : 23–43 .
Kimoto , S. ( 2005 ) . Systematic catalog of the Chrysomelidae ( Coleoptera ) from Nepal and Burma . Bulletin of the Kitakyushu Museum of Natural History and Human History Series A Natural History 3 : 13–114 .
References
1933 births
2009 deaths
Coleopterists
Japanese entomologists
Law Abiding Citizen is a 2009 American vigilante action thriller film directed by F. Gary Gray , written by Kurt Wimmer , and starring Jamie Foxx and Gerard Butler ( who also co-produced ) . The film takes place in Philadelphia , telling the story of a man driven to seek justice while targeting not only their family 's killer but also those who have supported a corrupt criminal justice system , intending to assassinate anyone supporting the system . Law Abiding Citizen was filmed on location in Philadelphia , and released theatrically by Overture Films in North America on October 16 , 2009 .
The film grossed $ 127 million worldwide and received generally negative reviews from critics . Despite this , it was nominated for a Saturn Award as the Best Action/Adventure/Thriller Film of the year , as well as NAACP Image Award nominations for both Foxx ( Outstanding Actor in a Motion Picture ) and Gray ( Outstanding Directing in a Motion Picture ) .
Plot
In a Philadelphia home invasion , Clarence Darby murders the wife and daughter of engineer Clyde Shelton , who is forced to watch . Prosecuting attorney Nick Rice is unable to securely convict Darby due to mishandled evidence . Unwilling to risk lowering their high conviction rate , they make a deal with Darby ; in exchange for testifying against their accomplice , Rupert Ames ( who only intended to steal from Clyde and flee ) , Darby will plead guilty to third degree murder and receive a lighter sentence . Ames is convicted and sentenced to death , while Darby is released after a few years . Clyde feels betrayed by Nick and the justice system .
Ten years later , Ames is executed via lethal injection , but they die in agonizing pain due to a chemical alteration ; evidence implicates Darby , who is alerted by an anonymous caller . The caller , using an electronically distorted voice and knowledge of cocaine and a prostitute in their apartment , warns Darby that he 's looking at life in prison . Darby hijacks a police car , forcing a lone officer to drive to a deserted warehouse . The officer reveals that they are Clyde , and was also the caller . Their gun paralyzes Darby with tetrodotoxin-coated spikes ; Clyde straps Darby to a table , makes medical preparations to prolong Darby 's suffering , and then video-records themselves slowly dismembering Darby before eventually decapitating him . When Darby 's remains are found , evidence ties their death to Clyde ; Clyde willingly surrenders and goes to prison .
In prison , Clyde demands a new mattress in their cell in exchange for a `` confession . '' Nick initially refuses , but after learning that Clyde traumatized Nick 's family with the video of Darby 's murder , District Attorney Jonas Cantrell orders Nick to make the deal . In court , Clyde represents themselves and successfully argues they should be granted bail , but is jailed for contempt of court after berating the judge for accepting the legal precedent they cited , believing them too easily convinced and eager to let madmen and murderers back on the street .
After giving Nick their confession , Clyde demands an elaborate steak lunch and a music player be delivered to their cell by a specific time , in exchange for the location of Darby 's lawyer , who was reported missing . Nick agrees , though the lunch is delayed a few minutes by the warden 's security measures . Once they have their meal , Clyde provides the location of the lawyer . Nick is too late to save Darby 's lawyer as they were suffocated by time-mechanized materials while Clyde 's lunch was delayed . After sharing their meal with a cellmate , Clyde proceeds to kill them with their steak bone , forcing the warden to secure them in solitary confinement .
Cantrell and Nick meet the former 's CIA contact , learning Clyde previously worked with the agency , creating imaginative assassination devices and orchestrating intricate lethal tactics against nearly impossible targets . They are warned Clyde can kill anyone anytime they wish and that if they are in jail , it is all part of a bigger plan . During a meeting with Nick and Cantrell , the judge is killed by an explosive hidden in their cell phone . Clyde explains to Nick that the murders are not about revenge , but the failures of the justice system . They then demands to be released and all charges against them dropped or they will `` kill everyone '' .
Nick takes precautionary measures instead . After Clyde 's deadline passes , a number of Nick 's assistants die from car bombs . Nick meets with Clyde in private , beats him , and yells at them in frustration that , if they had tried to convict Ames and Darby , they might have gone free . Clyde counters that Nick did not care and that if they had at least tried but failed , Clyde would have accepted it . Nick demands an end to the killings , but Clyde tells them that they are just beginning to destroy the corrupt system and all who believe in it . While leaving the funeral of a colleague , Cantrell is killed by a weaponized bomb disposal robot . Nick is ready for their resignation ; however , the irate mayor puts the city on lockdown and promotes Nick to acting District Attorney .
Nick learns that Clyde owns an auto garage near the prison . A tunnel leads to a cache of guns , disguises , and other equipment below the solitary confinement cells , with secret entrances to each cell . They realize that Clyde wanted to be in solitary confinement all along ; this allowed them to easily leave the prison without detection and carry out their premeditated murders while misleading the police , who assumed their murders to be accomplices ' doing . Evidence points to Clyde 's next target , City Hall , where the mayor is holding an emergency meeting . Nick and their men can not find Clyde , but discover a cell-phone-activated suitcase bomb planted in the room directly below the meeting .
Clyde returns to their cell and is surprised to find Nick waiting for him . Clyde suggests another deal , but Nick , having finally come to understand him , says they no longer makes deals with murderers . Nick tries to reason with Clyde , but Clyde activates the suitcase bomb , causing Nick to leave while locking Clyde 's cell behind him . Hearing the ringtone of the detonator , Clyde discovers the bomb underneath their bed and realizes too late that Nick had moved the bomb to their cell . Clyde briefly smiles and returns to their bed . They pull out and looks at their daughter 's bracelet as the bomb explodes .
The epilogue shows Nick watching their daughter in a musical stage performance , an event which they previously had difficulty finding time to attend .
Cast
Jamie Foxx as Nicholas `` Nick '' Rice
Gerard Butler as Clyde Alexander Shelton
Viola Davis as Mayor April Henry
Bruce McGill as Jonas Cantrell
Leslie Bibb as Sarah Lowell
Colm Meaney as Detective Dunnigan
Regina Hall as Kelly Rice
Michael Kelly as Bray
Michael Irby as Detective Garza
Roger Bart as Brian Bringham
Christian Stolte as Clarence James Darby
Gregory Itzin as Warden Iger
Emerald-Angel Young as Denise Rice
Annie Corley as Judge Laura Burch
Richard Portnow as Bill Reynolds
Josh Stewart as Rupert Ames
Development
Gerard Butler was initially signed on to play the prosecuting attorney , while Jamie Foxx was the criminal mastermind operating from inside prison , a reversal of their roles in the final version .
Frank Darabont was expected to direct the film , but they left production due to creative differences with the producers .
Production
Filming began in January 17 , 2009 and took place in and around Philadelphia . Filming locations included Philadelphia 's City Hall , Laurel Hill Cemetery and the now closed Holmesburg Prison . Holmesburg 's `` Thunderdome command center '' is quite evident in the movie .
The film was edited after being threatened with an NC-17 rating for violence , with the full version released unrated on Blu-ray .
Soundtrack
The score to Law Abiding Citizen was composed by Brian Tyler , who recorded their score with a 52-piece ensemble of the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Sony Scoring Stage with help from Kieron Charlesworth . The film also uses `` Eminence Front '' by The Who and `` Engine No . 9 '' by Deftones on Clyde 's iPod while they are eating their steak in their cell . While Clyde calls Darby to help them 'escape ' the police after Ames ' execution , `` Bloodline '' by Slayer is Darby 's ringer .
The tune at the end for closing credits is `` Sin 's A Good Man 's Brother '' by Grand Funk Railroad .
Release
The film was released theatrically on October 16 , 2009 in the United States . The first theatrical trailer was released on August 14 , 2009 , and was attached to District 9 .
The premiere was held on November 15 , 2009 , at the Cineworld complex in Glasgow , Butler 's home town . Many British tabloids labeled the event as the `` Homecoming Premiere '' , in reference to the Homecoming Scotland 2009 celebrations .
Reception
Box office
Law Abiding Citizen grossed $ 73.4 million in the United States and Canada , and $ 54.6 million in other territories , for a worldwide total of $ 127.9 million .
The film took second place in its opening weekend , with $ 21 million , behind Where the Wild Things Are . It went on to gross $ 126.6 million in total worldwide .
Critical response
Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported 26 % of 159 critics gave the film a positive review , with an average rating of 4.3/10 . The site 's critical consensus states : `` Unnecessarily violent and unflinchingly absurd , Law Abiding Citizen is plagued by subpar acting and a story that defies reason . '' On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 34 out of 100 based on 26 critics , indicating `` generally unfavorable reviews '' .
In their review for the Chicago Sun Times , Roger Ebert said , `` Law Abiding Citizen is the kind of movie you will like more at the time than in retrospect . '' They then went on to say , `` Still , there 's something to be said for a movie you like well enough at the time . '' Ebert rated the film 3 out of 4 stars .
Sequel
In May 2022 , it was announced that a standalone sequel is in development . Kurt Wimmer was hired to return in their role as screenwriter , while Gerard Butler will serve as producer alongside Alan Siegel , Lucas Foster , Rob Paris , and Mike Witherill . Foster stated in their returning role as a producer that the studios look forward to `` revisit [ ing ] these great characters '' stating that the premise `` seems even more relevant today than when ... the original film '' released . The filmmaker stated : `` We 're going to blow your mind… again . '' While the plot has not been revealed , Paris and Witherill jointly stated that the creatives involved , see the movie as a `` franchise opportunit [ y ] . '' The project will be a joint-venture production between G-Base Productions , Rivulet Films , Warp Films , and Village Roadshow Pictures .
See also
Vigilante film
List of films featuring home invasions
References
External links
2009 films
2000s vigilante films
2009 action drama films
2009 action thriller films
2009 psychological thriller films
2009 crime drama films
2009 crime thriller films
2000s prison films
2000s psychological drama films
American films about revenge
American action drama films
American action thriller films
American crime drama films
American crime thriller films
American vigilante films
American prison films
Fictional portrayals of the Philadelphia Police Department
Films about capital punishment
Films about corruption
Films about murderers
Films directed by F. Gary Gray
Films produced by Lucas Foster
Films scored by Brian Tyler
Films set in 1999
Films set in 2009
Films set in Philadelphia
Films shot in Philadelphia
Films with screenplays by Kurt Wimmer
Home invasions in film
Overture Films films
American rape and revenge films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
The Mormons are an American punk rock band formed in 1998 in Los Angeles . The band 's influences include Devo , Minor Threat , Screeching Weasel , Bad Brains and Talking Heads . Although no band members are members of the LDS Church , they wear outfits inspired by Mormon missionaries : bicycle helmets , backpacks , stud belts , Dickies , scatterings of facial hair and thrift store ties .
The Mormons have been featured in The Salt Lake Tribune and L.A . Alternative . They have received a write-up in BYU NewsNet .
The current band lineup consists of Patrick Jones ( vocals ) , Vince O'Campo ( guitar , vocals ) , Pete Tintle ( guitar ) , Jimmy Castillo ( Bass ) , and Tucker Robinson ( Drums ) .
Band members
Current line-up
Patrick Jones- vocals ( 1998-present )
Vince O'Campo - guitar , bass ( 1998-present )
Jimmy Castillo - bass , guitar ( 2001~2009 , 2011-present )
Pete Tintle - rhythm guitar ( 2008 , 2013-present )
Tucker Robinson - drums ( 2013-present )
Past members
Louie Rodriguez - rhythm guitar ( 1999-2007 )
Johnny Mesa - drums ( 2003-2007 )
Drew Gale - bass ( 1999-2000 )
Dan Buccat - drums , guitar ( 2007-2013 )
Kelly Kusumoto - drums ( 2007 )
Discography
Albums
Statement of No Statement ( 2004 , Nickel & Dime Records )
'' Rock Out Correctly '' ( 2016 , Self Released )
EPs
Forge Ahead EP ( 2010 , MorMusic )
References
External links
The Mormons official website
The Mormons on Bandcamp
The Mormons on Facebook
Punk rock groups from California
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Banteay Srei ( , literally `` Women 's Fortress '' ) is a district located in Siem Reap province , in north-west Cambodia . The temple of Banteay Srei is also located within the district . According to the 1998 census of Cambodia , it had a population of 32,271 .
Administrative divisions
References
http : //db.ncdd.gov.kh/gazetteer/view/index.castle
Districts of Cambodia
Geography of Siem Reap province
Channa-Upuli Performing Arts Foundation is a Sri Lankan performing arts organization based in Dehiwala , Sri Lanka .
Background
Channa Wijewardena and their wife Upuli Panibharatha founded the Channa-Upuli Performing Arts Foundation .
Channa and Upuli specializes in all forms of traditional and creative dancing in Sri Lanka – namely Kandyan and Sabaragamuwa ; and also Channa in their own creative modern ballet .
Dancing style
Channa 's modern dance which they call “ Body Language ” is also based on “ Thribanga ” which signifies the three curves of a woman 's body and is a flexible style performed by their graceful dancers .
Channa 's performances also include all types of traditional Sri Lankan drum patterns with the traditional Kandyan , low country and Sabaragamuwa drums .
Channa learned traditional Sri Lankan dance forms under Dr. Chitrasena in Sri Lanka at a young age , and then they later studied other forms of dance in India and classical ballet in France .
International performances
The troupe has performed in many famous theatres , including Sadler 's Wells Theatre and the Queen Elizabeth Hall in the UK , as well as the Sydney Opera House and the Regent Theatre in Australia .
In 1998 Channa and their troupe performed in the presence of Charles , Prince of Wales at the Presidential House when Sri Lanka celebrated its 50 years of Independence .
This dance troupe brought great pride to Sri Lanka when they won first place out of 178 countries participating in the Lions Parade at the International Lions Convention in Denver in 2003 .
They also participated in the International Lions Convention in Hong Kong in 2004 , Chicago in 2007 and Thailand in 2008 .
Awards
Channa and Upuli have won awards , both locally and internationally , for their dance achievements .
Japanese government bestowed to Channa the honorary award for “ Performing Arts ” .
In 2005 the President of Sri Lanka awarded Channa the highest honorary award “ Kala Suri . ”
See also
Dances of Sri Lanka
References
Asian dances
Sri Lankan dances
Sri Lankan culture
Performing arts in Sri Lanka
Arts organisations based in Sri Lanka
Art schools in Sri Lanka
Organisations based in Sri Lanka
Arts organizations established in 1998
1998 establishments in Sri Lanka
A gender script is a concept in feminist studies of science and technology and refers to how designers ' ideas about gendered identities and relationships translate into the design and use of technical artifacts . It comes from science and technology scholar Steve Woolgar 's notion of `` configuring the user '' , where designers and advertisers struggle to define , enable , and constrain users in particular ways . It also comes from science and technology scholar Madeleine Akrich 's concept of `` script '' , which illustrates how designers ideas about users influence development , and how that use shapes users ' environments . Gender scripts have been called a demonstration of the social construction of gender .
Concept
As science and technology scholar Ellen van Oost writes , `` gender can be an explicit or implicit element in the design process '' . When products are specifically designed for a specific gendered group of consumers , gender is often explicit . In explicit cases , existing or stereotypical ideas about gender will show up in technical artifacts .
Technological scripts are pre-existing , pre-attributed traits that have been designated to the technology , in which those who use it “ attribute and delegate specific competencies , actions , and responsibilities ” to the envisioned user of the technology . These technologies thus reveal specific gender patterns that soon become gender scripts .
Examples
Children 's toys are an explicit example how gender scripts ; toys designed for girls will be pink and toys designed for boys will be blue . Another example Oost gives is of razors and other shaving products , which tend to be pink or white for women , and darker for men—even though both products work virtually the same . Other technological examples include pink earphones for women , pink computers , and even pink guns . Pinterest is another example . In their article investigating the gender script of the site , scholars Amanda Friz and Robert Gehl demonstrate how specific aspects of the site is geared toward women , especially during the sign-up process .
A specific example that looks at the feminization of an existing product is the process of redesigning cellphones to sell to a female audience . In the attempt to appeal to a female audience , both telephone technologies and design were altered . As mobile phones were first introduced to women in the 1990s , it was marketed as a tool for `` remote mothering '' , or as safety devices for traveling . As cellphone use began to gain momentum , the design and marketing of mobile phones for females shifted to include branding the devices as `` branded fashion accessories and as status symbols through limited edition haute couture items . Customization in the form of ringtones and wallpapers were deemed to appeal to a female audience , and thus introduced to the mobile market . The Nokia 7270 folding phone was a fusion of functionality , usability and fashion ; it featured `` chic , interchangeable fabric wraps ... allow [ ing ] you to impulsively change your look as often and as boldly as you please '' . This sort of `` trendy and impulsive consumption styles '' were generally regarded as female consumption patterns . By doing so , Nokia was able to market their mobile phones ( being that technology enthusiasm were usually regarded as typically a male interest ) to a larger market .
Critique
In implicit processes , the gender politics will be less obvious . As van Oost notes , many objects are designed for `` everybody '' , with no specific user group in mind . However , some studies have demonstrated that even in these cases , there may be an unconscious bias where designers base their choices on a one-sided , default male user image . This can be due to many factors . One factor could be the result of who is involved in design and engineering . On teams where men are the majority , they may use the I-methodology , where they only see themselves as the intended users . This can create a bias toward male-oriented symbols and interests . This can also happen at the level of user testing if the user testers are all male and nobody considers the user needs of all potential users . By configuring the user as `` everybody '' , technology can therefore only represent the interests of dominant social groups . An example of this could be the design of Wikipedia . With the majority of Wikipedia 's engineers and editors being men who have technical skills , the design of the user interface can unintentionally make it more difficult for people from different social groups to contribute . This can result in an underrepresentation of diverse viewpoints , skewing the comprehensiveness of data available .
Like gender , however , the gender script is not fixed but is constantly negotiated . Users do not have to accept the scripts but can also reject or adapt to it . At the same time , however , scripts tend to act in inviting or inhibiting ways for those who wish to resist them .
References
Feminism and society
Rebaste may refer to several places in Estonia :
Rebaste , Põlva County , village in Estonia
Rebaste , Tartu County , village in Estonia
Rebaste , Viljandi County , village in Estonia
The Radio and Electronic Officers ' Union ( REOU ) was a trade union representing radio operators on British civilian ships .
History
The union was founded in 1921 , when the Association of Wireless Telegraphists merged with the Cable and Telegraph Operators ' Association , forming the Association of Wireless and Cable Telegraphists . The majority of early members worked for the Marconi Company , Siemens Brothers , or the Radio Communication Company .
The union was successful , and by 1922 it had about 4,500 members , and was a member of the Seafarers ' Joint Council . It undertook a strike in 1922 , which achieved agreement on a standard pay scale , and another in 1925 in opposition to a pay cut . However , it devoted much of its time to negotiating with the Engineering Employers ' Federation .
In 1937 , the union renamed itself as the Radio Officers ' Union . It affiliated to the Trades Union Congress in 1936 , the Officers ' ( Merchant Navy ) Federation in 1940 , and the National Maritime Board in 1941 .
In 1967 , the union lengthened its name to the Radio and Electronic Officers ' Union , in light of it also admitting technicians . By this time , it had members in the Merchant Navy , and also on fishing vessels , oil rigs and related onshore industries .
The union merged with the Merchant Navy and Airline Officers ' Association and the Mercantile Marine Service Association in 1985 , forming the National Union of Marine , Aviation and Shipping Transport Officers .
General Secretaries
1921 : E. R. Tuck
1929 : T. J. O'Donnell
1938 : Harry J. Perkins
1949 : Hugh O'Neill
1968 : Kevin Murphy
References
Defunct trade unions of the United Kingdom
Maritime officers ' trade unions
Transport trade unions in the United Kingdom
Trade unions established in 1921
Trade unions disestablished in 1985
Trade unions based in London
Clare Birgin is an Australian diplomat who was the Ambassador to Serbia from May 2007 until June 2010 . They had concurrent accreditation to Montenegro and the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , and Romania . Birgin was also Ambassador to Hungary from 2004 until 2007 .
Damir Dokić was sentenced to jail time after threatening Birgin with a hand grenade “ if they did n't stop negative articles about them from being published in Australia . ”
Birgin earned a Bachelor of Arts degree and a master 's degree in international law from the Australian National University .
Publications
Ignore the Polish election result at your peril
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Australian women ambassadors
Ambassadors of Australia to Serbia
Ambassadors of Australia to Montenegro
Ambassadors of Australia to North Macedonia
Ambassadors of Australia to Hungary
Ambassadors of Australia to Romania
Australian National University alumni
Taiwan mazesoba ( , ) is a dry noodle dish that originated in Nagoya , Aichi Prefecture , and is now considered a Nagoya delicacy . The dish was popularized by the ramen chain Menya Hanabi in 2008 .
See also
Japanese cuisine
Mazesoba
References
Japanese noodle dishes
Japanese cuisine terms
Japanese inventions
30 Years of Bananarama is a CD/DVD retrospective of British girl group Bananarama 's musical career from 1981 through 2009 . This compilation album was issued by Rhino Records on 9 July 2012 to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the group . The album entered the UK album chart on 16 July at number 62 .
The CD features Bananarama 's 22 best-known singles , from their 1981 debut , `` Aie a Mwana '' , to their 2009 effort , `` Love Do n't Live Here '' . All songs are presented in chronological order . The digital version includes three extra tracks `` Rough Justice '' , `` Long Train Running '' , and `` A Trick of the Night '' , adding up to a total of 25 tracks .
The DVD showcases 35 music videos and marks the first time where the group 's videos have been officially made available on this format .
Track listing
CD : The Sound
`` Aie a Mwana ''
`` Really Saying Something '' ( with Fun Boy Three )
`` Shy Boy ''
`` Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye ''
`` Cruel Summer ''
`` Robert De Niro 's Waiting ... ''
`` Venus ''
`` I Heard a Rumour ''
`` Love in the First Degree ''
`` I Ca n't Help It ''
`` I Want You Back ''
`` Love , Truth and Honesty ''
`` Nathan Jones ''
`` Help ! '' ( featuring Lananeeneenoonoo )
`` Only Your Love ''
`` Preacher Man ''
`` Movin ' On ''
`` Every Shade of Blue ''
`` Move in My Direction ''
`` Look on the Floor ( Hypnotic Tango ) ''
`` Love Comes ''
`` Love Do n't Live Here ''
`` Rough Justice '' ( digital only )
`` Long Train Running '' ( digital only )
`` A Trick of the Night '' ( digital only )
DVD : The Vision
`` Really Saying Something ''
`` Shy Boy ''
`` Cheers Then ''
`` Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye ''
`` Cruel Summer ''
`` Robert De Niro 's Waiting ''
`` Rough Justice ''
`` Hotline To Heaven ''
`` The Wild Life ''
`` Do Not Disturb ''
`` Venus ''
`` More Than Physical ''
`` A Trick Of The Night ''
`` I Heard A Rumour ''
`` Love In The First Degree ''
`` I Ca n't Help It ''
`` I Want You Back ''
`` Love Truth & Honesty ''
`` Nathan Jones ''
`` Help ! ''
`` Only Your Love ''
`` Preacher Man ''
`` Long Train Running ''
`` Tripping On Your Love ''
`` Movin ' On ''
`` Last Thing On My Mind ''
`` More More ''
`` Every Shade Of Blue ''
`` Take Me To Your Heart ''
`` Move In My Direction ''
`` Look On The Floor ''
`` Love Comes ''
`` Love Do n't Live Here ''
`` Venus '' ( 12 '' )
`` I Ca n't Help It '' ( 12 '' )
Charts
References
Bananarama compilation albums
2012 greatest hits albums
Rhino Records compilation albums
Bananarama video albums
Music video compilation albums
2012 video albums
Rhino Records video albums
Idlès ( Arabic : إدلس ) is a municipality in Tazrouk District , Tamanrasset Province , Algeria . According to the 2008 census it has a population of 4,945 , up from 3,791 in 1998 , with an annual growth rate of 2.7 % . Its postal code is 11110 and its municipal code is 1105 . The largest nearby city is Tamanrasset ; other smaller towns include In Amguel to the west and Tazrouk to the south .
Geography
Idlès is located at an elevation of in the Hoggar mountains of southern Algeria . The town lies on the eastern bank of the Oued Tarouda . The surrounding area belongs to the West Saharan montane xeric woodlands ecoregion .
Climate
Idlès has a hot desert climate ( Köppen climate classification BWh ) , with very hot summers and mild winters , and very little precipitation throughout the year . Compared to other towns in the Sahara of southern Algeria its summers are less hot and it receives somewhat more precipitation due to its altitude .
Transportation
Idlès lies just north of the N55 national highway , which leads west to In Amguel and east to Bordj El Houasse . Another road leads south from the highway to Tazrouk .
Education
1.7 % of the population has a tertiary education ( the equal lowest in the province ) , and another 10.6 % has completed secondary education . The overall literacy rate is 65.1 % , and is 79.9 % among males and 48.4 % among females .
Localities
The commune is composed of six localities :
Idlès
Mertoutek
Hirhafek
Tizaït
Tassili Alaksad Partie Nord
Amguid
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Communes of Tamanrasset Province
Tuareg
Roberto Mazzoni ( born 9 January 1937 ) is an Italian former sports shooter . They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
References
1937 births
Living people
Italian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Italy
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Florence
Trembita ( ) is a 1968 Soviet comedy film directed by Oleg Nikolayevsky .
Plot
The film takes place after the war . The film tells about the former butler of a count who returns to their native village with the hope of finding a treasure and taking possession of it .
Cast
Evgeniy Vesnik as Bogdan Susik
Olga Aroseva as Parasya
Aleksey Chernov as Atanas
Nikolay Trofimov as Shik
Lyudmila Kupina as Vasilina
Boris Savchenko as Alexey
Yulia Vukkert as Olesya
Anatoli Galevsky as Mikola
Ivan Pereverzev as Prokop , Mikola 's father
Saveliy Kramarov as Petro
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Russian-language films
Soviet comedy films
1968 comedy films
Raimund Faltz ( 1658-1703 ) was a medallist active in Germany . Faltz was born in Stockholm , studied under medallist Charles-Jean-François Chéron in Paris , and in 1688 moved to Berlin where they made a large number of medals and reliefs until their death .
References
Staats- und Gesellschafts-Lexikon : neues Conversations-Lexikon : in Verbindung mit deutschen Gelehrten und Staatsmännern , Volume 13 , Friedrich Wilhelm Hermann Wagener , Berlin , 1863 , page 146 .
Conversationslexicon für bildende Kunst , Volume 3 , J . A. Romberg ( editor ) , Leipzig , 1846 , page 408 .
Handbook of the Arts of the Middle Ages and Renaissance : As Applied to the Decoration of Furniture , Arms , Jewels , & c. & c , Charles Jules Labarte , John Murray , 1855 , page 35 .
German medallists
Bruno Souza may refer to :
Bruno Fernandes de Souza ( born 1984 ) , Brazilian footballer
Bruno Souza ( architect ) ( born 1925 ) , Indian architect
Bruno Souza ( handballer ) ( born 1977 ) , Brazilian handballer
Bruno Souza ( programmer ) , Brazilian Java programmer
The greenish schiffornis ( Schiffornis virescens ) , also greenish mourner or greenish manakin ( not to be confused with the green manakin ) , is a species of bird in the family Tityridae . It has traditionally been placed in the manakin family , but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae , where it is now placed by the South American Classification Committee .
It is found in southern Brazil , also eastern Paraguay , and extreme northeastern Argentina . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , and heavily degraded former forest .
The egg shapes for this bird can range from oval to elliptical shapes . It usually breeds between October and February , which is a common breeding time for forest birds .
References
External links
`` Greenish mourner '' videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Greenish schiffornis photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Photo-High Res ; Article ib.usp.br— '' Tityridae ''
Marini , Miguel Angelo , and Neander Marcel Heming . `` Breeding of the Greenish Schiffornis ( Schiffornis virescens , Tityridae ) . '' REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ORNITOLOGIA 25.4 ( 2017 ) : 269–272 .
greenish schiffornis
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
greenish schiffornis
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of Paraguay
Shannon Thunderbird is a Coast Tsimshian First Nations singer-songwriter , speaker , educator , recording artist , playwright , and author .
Biography
They are an Elder of the Giluts'aaw tribe , Royal House of Niis'gumiik , Gispwudwada ( Orca ) Clan . They are a medicine wheel teacher and artist/educator who communicates time-honoured indigenous knowledge in a variety of ways , workshops/seminars , drumming circles , stage shows , written word . Thunderbird has worked with thousands of people all over North America , Europe and Asia . In particular , they and their performance partner , Sandy Horne of the Canadian synthpop band the Spoons , have presented to over three hundred and fifty thousand students in elementary , secondary schools , universities and colleges across Canada and the United States . They are President of Teya Peya Productions , a First Nations arts/education company they founded in 1991 that includes the Thunderbird Native Theatre and Red Cedar Sisters Vocal Trio to which they are the Artistic Director .
Them touring shows include `` Wolf Thunder : Big Drums Are Calling ! `` , `` Turtle Thunder Sings '' , `` Sweet Thunder Medicine Wheel '' , `` Daughter of the Copper Shield '' , `` Thunder Rolling in the Mountains '' , Thunder Wolf Songwriting , Vocals and Drumming , Spirit Thunder Drumming and vocal workshops celebrating cultural diversity and North American indigenous cultures .
Thunderbird is a strong voice for Missing and Murdered Women and Girls . They are also a speaker on the culture , history and spirituality of Indigenous people . Them Fireside Chats , include : Seven Steps to the Colonization of Indigenous People ; Power of the Matriarchy : Women Take Back the Drum ; Indigenous Restorative Justice : Truth and Reconciliation ; Truth and Timelessness of the Medicine Wheel . They are a strong advocate for the right of Indigenous women to practice their culture wherever , whenever and however they choose . This includes the playing of the big drums . They are currently the keeper of two big drums , Gyemk Loop and K'ool Gyet Nah Hool and speaks widely about the CORRECT history of Indigenous women and their powerful places within tribal structures including the creation of stories , songs , ceremonies and the playing of the big drums .
Written works
Truth and Timelessness : Indigenous Medicine Wheel Knowledge . 2020
Featured Contributor : We Do It This Way , ED . Dr. April Go Forth , Thoz Womenz Inc. , Alturas , California , 2014
Featured Contributor : The Art of Living , A Practical Guide to Being Alive . ED . Claire Elizabeth Terry , Kairos , Spain , 2008 .
Discography
Wind Centre ( released , March 2011 with Performance Partner , Sandy Horne .
May Your Spirit Be Strong
New CD , `` Red Cedar Sisters '' due out 2020 .
References
External links
Official website
First Nations dramatists and playwrights
First Nations musicians
Canadian storytellers
Women storytellers
Canadian women singers
Canadian women dramatists and playwrights
Canadian women novelists
Living people
Tsimshian people
21st-century Canadian dramatists and playwrights
21st-century Canadian women writers
First Nations women writers
First Nations novelists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century First Nations writers
Texas Civil Rights Project ( TCRP ) is an 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit organization based in Austin , Texas , that advocates for voter rights , racial and economic justice , and criminal justice reform . It was formated in 1990 by attorney James C. Harrington .
History
The South Texas Project ( STP ) was founded in 1972 by the ACLU . In 1978 , attorney James C. Harrington created Oficina Legal del Pueblo Unido , Inc. ( OLPU ) as a grassroots foundation in South Texas . STP came under the auspices of OLPU soon after OLPU was founded . OLPU was a part of the late-1960s farmworker movement headed by César Chávez . Chávez 's efforts to organize the South Texas farmworker community and to ultimately secure union contracts for them led to the birth of both OLPU and the United Farm Workers . OLPU is one of the oldest and foremost proponents of civil rights in the Rio Grande Valley , and has long worked on behalf of farmworkers , abused immigrant women , people with disabilities , and economically disadvantaged people along the US/Mexico border .
In September 1990 , James Harrington founded Texas Civil Rights Project ( TCRP ) as a program of OLPU in Austin , Texas . STP also became a project of TCRP the same year . Harrington would go on to direct TCRP for 25 years , growing the organization into the sophisticated legal advocacy organization it is today .
In February 2016 , Mimi Marziani , a nationally recognized expert in voting rights and democracy reform , was announced as the group 's second Executive Director . Under Marziani 's leadership , TCRP has become internationally recognized in issues of racial and economic justice , voting rights , and criminal justice reform .
Office locations and service areas
Today , TCRP 's main office is located at the Michael Tigar Human Rights Center in Austin , Texas . Other regional offices are Houston , Dallas , San Antonio , and South Texas , which remained in its initial location in San Juan until the grand opening of its new facility in Alamo , Texas , on June 22 , 2011 . Most recently , TCRP opened an office in San Antonio in 2018 . While TCRP operates out of these regional offices , its services are available to individuals across the state .
Issues
TCRP has traditionally worked on the issues related to voting rights , institutional discrimination , criminal justice , and First Amendment rights . Today , TCRP 's focus is honed on voting rights , racial and economic justice , and criminal justice reform , which are divided across three programmatic teams .
In 2016 , TCRP 's advocacy was geared towards improving Texas ' voter registration system .
Special programs
Immigrant victims services
An estimated five million Texans have experienced family violence in their lifetimes and immigrants are even more vulnerable to exploitation and abuse than their citizen counterparts . TCRP empowers immigrant victims of abuse to leave abusers and become self-sufficient by providing direct legal services , as well as providing education and community advocacy to support survivors . Specifically :
TCRP provides direct legal services to more than 1,500 victims of abuse on an annual basis .
In 2015 , TCRP 's program educated more than 500 people about the best practices for working with battered immigrants .
TCRP 's services are focused in rural Texas .
Veteran services
Texas is home to over 1.6 million veterans of military service , the highest number in the nation . Veterans returning from deployment sometimes have mental , emotional , and physical injuries stemming from their service . TCRP empowers veterans and educates the community to remove any stigma the effects of war may still carry . TCRP provides advocacy and legal assistance to veterans with disabilities who experience serious civil rights violations or who face discrimination . TCRP also hosts `` Know Your Rights '' presentations with a focus on veterans ' issues . In addition to offering veterans the same services TCRP offers all individuals for civil rights protections , TCRP also works on several issues most common to veterans . Specifically :
TCRP ensures service animals are not denied entry to protected public places .
TCRP advocates for the expansion of Veteran Treatment Courts .
TCRP assists veterans with discharge status upgrades .
TCRP is accredited to assist veterans with applications for VA benefits when they are assisting those individuals with an accompanying legal issue .
Major litigation
Disability rights
TCRP 's efforts to promote ballot accessibility for blind voters have set the national model for ballot accessibility and their annual regional Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( ADA ) compliance campaigns throughout Texas to commemorate every anniversary of the ADA ( see Disability Campaign below ) have prompted a myriad of businesses and public facilities to become more accessible to elderly and disabled persons . In 2010 for example , TCRP sued Austin Duck Tours , Congressman Lamar Smith 's Austin office , Pure Nightclub in downtown Austin , and the University of Texas at Austin School of Architecture , among other Austin-area establishments , for ADA compliance .
TCRP also helped a woman in a wheelchair sue a Texas movie theater , resulting in national requirements for wheelchair accessibility in theaters .
To commemorate the anniversary of the ADA , TCRP holds a disability rights campaign every summer . TCRP teams up with people from the disability community to enforce the compliance of Texas businesses and institutions with the ADA . In past years , TCRP has sued city buildings , schools , retail stores , restaurants , and hotels , among other businesses , to enforce ADA compliance .
Rural economic justice
TCRP helps farm laborers and other low-income workers rectify injustice in the workplace and improve working conditions . TCRP 's efforts have addressed wage claims , sexual harassment by crew leaders and managers of housing projects , field sanitation , and protecting the right to organize to improve labor conditions and life in the colonias .
To combat predatory financial practices , TCRP also conducts community education and litigation on behalf of low-income Hispanic families cheated on fraudulent land-purchase schemes and exorbitant water district fees in colonias , unincorporated low-income communities along the Texas-Mexico border that often lack basic infrastructure such as potable water , access to electricity , and paved roads .
Title IX compliance in secondary school
To ensure that girls and young women in Texas schools receive equal treatment and opportunities , TCRP implemented extensive educational efforts and litigation in rural communities regarding student peer sexual harassment and comparable sports and educational benefits in Texas schools .
Racial discrimination
TCRP also assisted Texans who were discriminated against after the 9/11 attacks . These included American citizens , permanent residents , and university students with South Asian or Arab backgrounds . For example , TCRP helped Mohammed Ali Ahmed , an American citizen asked to leave an American Airlines flight with their three children after the pilot saw their name on the passenger manifesto , file suit against American Airlines .
In 2009 TCRP filed a racial discrimination suit against employees of a West Texas inn , on behalf of Gwenda Gault , a woman whose hotel reservation was rejected by the hotel manager because of their race .
Criminal justice system
The Texas Youth Commission ( TYC ) , a juvenile detention center that earned notoriety after allegations of child sexual abuse emerged , was sued by TCRP on behalf of four children who were physically and sexually abused by TYC guards . In addition to the $ 625,000 paid to the plaintiffs , TYC also agreed to make significant changes to its operations as a result of the lawsuit .
TCRP also brought a case against the Otero County Sheriff 's Department , which resulted in sweeping reform and increased training within the police force , after officials illegally searched homes , harassed and interrogated residents , and racially profiled and stopped citizens in an effort to target undocumented immigrants .
TCRP also represented a magazine publisher and filed suit against a jail that had denied inmates access to the publication Prison Legal News . The jail was required to modify policy as a consequence .
The efforts of TCRP 's Prisoners ' RIghts Program have also led to greater due process rights for paroled Texas prisoners .
Police brutality
When police responded to a report of a mentally ill man sleeping at a bus station , an officer beat them with a baton and filed a false report causing the man to spend ten weeks in jail . TCRP represented the man in a lawsuit requiring the city to pay them a total of $ 62,000 .
A police officer slammed an African American college student to the ground , knocking them unconscious , after the student complained the officer was treating an unrelated suspect too harshly . When an ambulance arrived to take the student to hospital , the officer took them out of the ambulance and sent them to jail instead . A TCRP lawsuit forced the city to pay $ 31,000 .
Protecting free speech
TCRP sued the City of Round Rock in 2006 , after hundreds of students were arrested and charged with truancy for leaving their classes to protest anti-immigrant sentiment and legislation . The suit was filed on behalf of 98 students whom TCRP represented , claiming that their First Amendment rights had been violated , and was eventually won . The City of Round Rock was forced to halt all prosecutions , erase the arrests from the students ' records , and arrange a scholarship fund for the students .
The organization also sued the City of Austin in 2001 , after protestors demonstrating against then President George W. Bush 's first visit back to Austin were blocked by police from entering the free speech zone near the Texas Governor 's mansion . Eventually , in 2006 , a district judge ruled that the City had indeed violated the protestors ' First Amendment rights .
When Raul G. Salinas , Mayor of Laredo , had issues of local newspaper LareDOS removed from distribution because they contained criticism and caricatures of Salinas , TCRP sued on behalf of the newspaper . TCRP Director James C. Harrington called Salinas ' actions `` classic political retaliation '' against unfavorable coverage . As a result of the suit , Salinas was fined $ 15,000 and was forced to apologize for violating freedom of the press .
When members of the San Angelo-based American White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan ( KKK ) came to Austin City Hall to demonstrate in support of Proposition 2 , the Texas constitutional amendment that banned gay marriage in 2005 , about 3,000 counterprotesters flooded downtown Austin to demonstrate against them . However , the counterprotesters were met by police barricades that kept the counterprotesters two blocks away from where the KKK was demonstrating . Because the counterprotesters were prevented from exercising their rights to free speech and members of the independent media were blocked by the city from covering the protests , TCRP sued the City of Austin for violating the First Amendment . This suit eventually required the city to `` establish reasonable perimeters for future demonstrations , and establish objective press credentialing criteria . ''
Right to privacy
In 2010 , the organization sued the Texas State Department of State Health Services , after Texas parents discovered that the State was , without parental consent , creating a database of newborn babies ' blood with the leftover blood from the testing of newborns for serious genetic diseases . The State was also selling these baby blood samples to pharmaceutical companies and the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology , and bartering with it for medical supplies . The lawsuit was settled and all samples taken and stored without parental consent were destroyed . The Texas Legislature took additional action , requiring the State to obtain parental consent to store future samples through an `` opt out '' consent form .
See also
Civil and political rights
United States Bill of Rights
Violence Against Women Act
Violence against LGBT people
References
FROM MICHIGAN 'S STRAWBERRY FIELDS TO SOUTH TEXAS 'S RIO GRANDE VALLEY : THE SAGA OF A LEGAL CAREER AND THE TEXAS CIVIL RIGHTS PROJECT , CUNY Law Review ( vol . 19.2 ) , http : //www.cunylawreview.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/From-Michigans-Strawberry-Fields-to-South-Texass-Rio-Grande-Valley-The-Saga-of-a-Legal-Career-and-The-Texas-Civil-Rights-Project.pdf
External links
Civil rights organizations in the United States
Legal advocacy organizations in the United States
Texas law
Education in Texas
James Forward Bond ( 1785–1829 ) was an Irish Anglican priest in the first half of the 19th-century .
Bond was the son of Wensley Bond , Dean of Ross , Ireland from 1772 to 1813 . They were born in County Sligo and educated at Trinity College , Dublin They were Dean of Ross , Ireland from 1813 until their death .
References
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Deans of Ross , Ireland
1829 deaths
1785 births
Clergy from County Sligo
Jani Lehtinen ( born 23 February 1974 ) is a Finnish racewalker . They competed in the men 's 50 kilometres walk at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics .
References
1974 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Finnish male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Finland
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Rupert Deese ( born Rupert Julian Deese and known as Rummy ) ( July 16 , 1924 – July 12 , 2010 ) was an American ceramic artist . They are known for innovative design and decoration of high fired ceramics . Deese wrote `` It is my hope in making these vessels that as the perception of their beauty diminishes over time , they will sustain themselves by pleasant usefulness . ''
Biography
Rupert Deese was born in Agana , Guam , where their father served as a Marine Corps officer . After graduation from high school in 1942 , they enlisted in the Army Air Corps , serving stateside as a B-17 mechanic . Deese graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1950 from Pomona College . After graduation , they 're starting working as a ceramist in Claremont , California , sharing a studio with ceramist Harrison McIntosh . Their working relationship lasted for more than 60 years . Deese and Helen Smith ( September 15 , 1925 – June 4 , 2010 ) married in 1951 and reared four children .
In the mid-fifties , supported by a grant from local art patrons Robert and Catherine Garrison , Deese entered Claremont Graduate School , studying ceramics with Richard Petterson and sculpture with Albert Stewart . They also benefited from the community of artists living in Claremont , most notably architect Millard Sheets and Jean and Arthur Ames , who provided encouragement and support in the early years of their career , and from a close-knit circle of young artists including woodworker Sam Maloof and painters Melvin Woods , Jim Hueter , Jim Fuller , and Karl Benjamin .
After receiving their Master of Fine Arts in ceramics in 1957 , Deese continued making their own ceramics in their studio . However , like many artists , they found it necessary to supplement their income . After graduation they began teaching ceramics at Mt . San Antonio College in Walnut , California and remained on the faculty until 1971 . In 1958 Deese and McIntosh moved their studio to a purpose-built space next to McIntosh 's new home in Padua Hills in Claremont . Deese 's pottery gained national recognition in 1960 when their covered bean jar won the IBM sweepstakes prize at the prestigious 21st Ceramic National Exhibition at the Everson Museum in Syracuse , New York .
In 1964 , Deese accepted a full-time position as a designer in the Franciscan Ceramics division of Interpace ( International Pipe and Ceramics Corporation ) in Los Angeles . Millard Sheets , as a consultant to the Franciscan Ceramics division , assembled a design team of talented artists , including ceramists Richard Petterson , Dora De Larios , Helen Richter Watson , Henry Takemoto and Jerry Rothman . For the next twenty years until their retirement in 1984 , Deese created shapes and patterns for Franciscan dinnerware , glassware , and flatware , including the dinnerware shapes for Madeira , one of the company 's best-selling dinnerware patterns . In the evenings and on weekends they continued to work on their own ceramics in their Padua Hills Claremont studio .
In the 1950s , Deese 's hand thrown ceramics were available from several interior design firms , including Dean Marshall in La Jolla , California . In the 1970s Deese 's ceramics were sold at Gallery 8 in Claremont and in the 1990s at Tobey C. Moss Gallery in Los Angeles . Deese created numerous custom pieces , many of them commissioned by Millard Sheets for clients of their Claremont design studio , including a drinking fountain for Oakmont Elementary School , personalized ashtrays for benefactors of Harvey Mudd College , a bronze tree for the Home Savings of America in Beverly Hills , and a planter for the United States Capitol Members ' Dining Room .
Exhibitions
1950-1956 Los Angeles County Fair Exhibition , Pomona , California
1950-57 Scripps College Art Museum , Claremont , California , Annual Ceramic Show
1951-52 Everson Museum , Syracuse , New York , Ceramic National Exhibition
1951-52 California State Fair , Sacramento , California
1954 Everson Museum , Syracuse , New York , Ceramic National Exhibition
1955-57 Pasadena Art Museum , Pasadena , California , California Designed Exhibition I , II , III
1956 Everson Museum , Syracuse , New York , Ceramic National Exhibition
1957 California State Fair , Sacramento , California
1960 Everson Museum , Syracuse , New York , 21st Ceramic National Exhibition
1965 Pasadena Art Museum , Pasadena , California , California Design 9
1995 Hillcrest Arts Festival , La Habra , California
1996 Tobey C. Moss Gallery , Los Angeles , Four Friends , The Work of Rupert Deese , Jim Hueter , Sam Maloof , and Harrison McIntosh
1996 Craft and Folk Art Museum Shop , Los Angeles
1997 The Chinati Foundation and The Judd Foundation , Marfa , Texas , Rupert Deese , Barnett Newman and Dan Flavin
1998 Chaffey Community Art Association , Ontario , California
1999 Tobey C. Moss Gallery , Los Angeles , Stoneware
2000 Tobey C. Moss Gallery , Los Angeles , Rupert J. Deese ( the Elder ) Off the Wall , Rupert T. Deese ( the Younger ) On the Wall
2003 Tobey C. Moss Gallery , Los Angeles , Rupert Deese : Stoneware
2003 Cuttress Gallery , Pomona , California , Paul Soldner , John Blough , Rupert Deese , and Harrison McIntosh
2006 Tobey C. Moss Gallery , Los Angeles , California Modernism
2011 Compact Gallery , San Luis Obispo , California , Six Decades of Stoneware
2011 The Huntington Library , California , The House That Sam Built : Sam Maloof and Art in the Pomona Valley , 1945–1985
2011 Los Angeles County Museum of Art , California , California Design , 1930–1965 : Living in a Modern Way
2011 American Museum of Ceramic Art , California , Common Ground : Ceramics in Southern California 1945–1975
Awards
1950-1951 Los Angeles County Fair Exhibition , Pomona , California . Honorable mention .
1951 Everson Museum , Syracuse , New York , Ceramic National Exhibition . Honorable mention
1952 California State Fair . Second prize for glaze .
1953 St. Paul Gallery , Fiber-Clay-Metal exhibition . Honorable mention and purchase award .
1960 Everson Museum , Syracuse , New York , 21st Ceramic National Exhibition . IBM sweepstakes prize .
Collections
Museum of Fine Arts , Boston , Boston
Everson Museum , Syracuse , New York
Henry Art Gallery , University of Washington , Seattle
Long Beach Museum of Art , Long Beach , California
Los Angeles County Museum of Art , Los Angeles
Maloof Foundation , Alta Loma , California
Millard Sheets Collection , Gualala , California
Mingei International Museum , San Diego
Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art , Logan , Utah
Renwick Gallery , Smithsonian Institution , Washington , DC
Richard & Alice Petterson Museum , Claremont , California
Roger Corsaw Collection , Alfred University , Alfred , New York
Scripps College , Claremont , California
St. Paul Gallery , Minneapolis
Walker Art Center , Minneapolis
American Museum of Ceramic Art , Pomona , California
References
Books
American Museum of Ceramic Art . Common Ground : Ceramics in Southern California , 1945-1975 . American Museum of Ceramic Art ( 2013 )
Elliot-Bishop , James F. Franciscan Hand-decorated Embossed Dinnerware . Schiffer Publishing ( 2004 )
Lauria , Jo and Gretchen Adkins , Garth Clark , Rebecca Niederlander , Susan Peterson , Peter Selz . Color and Fire : Defining Moments in Studio Ceramics , 1950-2000 : Selections from the Smits Collection and Related Works at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art . Rizzoli International Publications ( 2000 ) , pp . 97
Nelson , Glenn C. Ceramics , A Potter 's Handbook , Second Edition . Holt , Rinehard and Winston , Inc. ( 1966 ) , pp . 268–269
Page , Bob and Dale Frederiksen , Dean Six . Franciscan : An American Dinnerware Tradition . Page/Frederiksen Publications ( 1999 )
Perry , Barbara . American Ceramics : The Collection of Everson Museum of Art . International Publications ( 1989 ) , pp . 231
Kaplan , Wendy . California Design , 1930-1965 : `` Living in a Modern Way '' . The MIT Press ( 2011 ) , pp . 6 , 18 , 184 , 212 , 325
Nelson , Harold B . The House that Sam Built : Sam Maloof and Art in the Pomona Valley , 1945-1985 . Huntington Library Press ( 2011 ) , pp . 17 , 25 , 96 , 120-21
O'Connor , Tish . Standing Room Only , Scripps 60th Ceramic Annual . Perpetua Press ( 2004 ) , p. 16
Tigerman , Bobbye . A Handbook of California Design . Los Angeles : Los Angeles County Museum of Art . ( 2013 ) .
External links
Rupert Deese
Modern San Diego : Dean Marshall Interiors
American ceramists
American potters
Dinnerware designers
People from Claremont , California
People from Hagåtña , Guam
1924 births
2010 deaths
American industrial designers
Pomona College alumni
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
United States Army Air Forces soldiers
Calochilus ammobius , commonly known as the sand beard orchid , is a species of orchid endemic to Queensland . It has a single leaf which is not present during flowering and up to three dull green flowers with reddish brown streaks and a labellum with a purple `` beard '' .
Description
Calochilus ammobius is a terrestrial , perennial , deciduous , herb with an underground tuber and a single leaf long and wide but which is not present during flowering . Up to three short-lived dull green flowers with reddish brown streaks , long and wide are borne on a thin , wiry flowering stem tall . The dorsal sepal is long and about wide . The lateral sepals are a similar length but narrower . The petals are about long and wide . The labellum is flat , pale green and red , about long and wide . There are purplish hairs covering about three quarters of the labellum . The column has two purple sham `` eyes '' . Flowering occurs from December to February but each flower only lasts a few hours .
Taxonomy and naming
Calochilus ammobius was first formally described in 2002 by David Jones and Bruce Gray and the description was published in The Orchadian from specimens collected near Chewko . The specific epithet ( ammobius ) is derived from the Ancient Greek words ammos meaning `` sand '' and bios meaning `` life '' .
Distribution and habitat
The sand beard orchid grows in low forest with Melaleuca viridiflora , shrubs and grass tussocks in a small area near the type location .
References
ammobius
Orchids of Australia
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 2002
Patchett is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Alfred Patchett Warbrick ( 1860–1940 ) , New Zealand boatbuilder , rugby player and tourist guide
Ann Patchett ( born 1963 ) , American author
Arthur Patchett Martin ( 1851–1902 ) , Australian writer
Dale Patchett ( born 1950 ) , American politician
George William Patchett , British motorcycle racer and engineer
Irene Amy Patchett ( 1887–1989 ) American anatomist
Jean Patchett ( 1926–2002 ) , American fashion model
John Patchett ( 1797–1876 ) , the first person to plant a commercial vineyard and build a commercial wine cellar in the Napa Valley
Katrina Patchett ( born 1986 ) , professional ballroom dancer from Perth , Australia
Terry Patchett ( 1940–1996 ) , politician in the United Kingdom
Wayne Patchett , Australian Paralympic athlete
William Patchett ( died 1843 ) , among the Europeans who died in the Wairau Affray
See also
Patchett gun or Sterling submachine gun , British submachine gun used in the British Army from 1944 to 1994
Patchett House , located at Ward Street ( NY 17K ) , on the junction with Factory Street , in Montgomery , New York
Patch ( disambiguation )
Patchen ( disambiguation )
The 36th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army .
History and Lineage
World War I
The 36th Field Artillery Regiment was organized on 7 August 1918 at Camp McClellan , Alabama , as a 155 mm howitzer regiment , and assigned to the 12th Division . It reached a peak strength of 1,733 men , 40 horses , and 12 155mm howitzers , organized as a regimental headquarters battery and six firing batteries . The regiment trained for combat but did not deploy overseas . After the end of the war , the regiment rapidly transferred its soldiers and equipment to other units , and it was demobilized on 8 February 1919 .
Preparation for World War II
2d Battalion , 36th Field Artillery , consisting of battalion headquarters and Batteries C and D , was reactivated on 1 October 1933 at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , by transfer of all personnel and equipment from 2d Battalion , 5th Field Artillery , which was inactivated . At that time , D Battery 5th Field Artillery was the oldest unit in the active army , tracing its lineage to the New York Provisional Company of Artillery , formed by Alexander Hamilton on 6 January 1776 . Throughout the second world war , many of the soldiers of the 36th Field Artillery , especially the second battalion , would still consider themselves to be the `` Alexander Hamilton Battery '' . The battalion was equipped with the French 155mm rifle , Model 1917 , known as the G.P.F. , and the 240mm gun , and was one of the heaviest artillery units in the army . In the fall of 1939 , the battalion was expanded to a full regiment , with headquarters and three battalions of two firing batteries each . Most of the soldiers required for the expansion were draftees inducted under the 1940 Selective Service Act . The rapid expansion of the unit , with many completely raw recruits , presented a tremendous training challenge and opportunity , and the regimental leadership began forming the unit into the cohesive , highly skilled unit that was to become one of the most-requested artillery assets in the European Theater . At the same time , the 240mm gun battery was transferred to become the nucleus of the newly activated 79th Field Artillery , and the regiment was all 155mm guns . In late 1940 , the regiment was reorganized to two battalions , each with three firing batteries , headquarters battery , and service battery . Just before the fall 1941 Carolina Maneuvers , the regiment was given two of the new American M1 155mm guns , later called the `` Long Toms '' by the British . This was the first tactical test of the new gun , which proved to be a great success . The two sections were organized as a temporary `` X '' Battery , under the command of Lieutenant ( later Colonel ) Robert Reed . Lieutenant Reed experimented with new tactics , taking advantage of the longer range and better mobility of the new gun to fire on division and corps headquarters that were out of range of the older guns . These tactics later formed the basis of the operating procedures for the regiment in combat .
World War II
In the spring of 1942 the regiment completed reequipping with the American 155mm gun . On 1 August it left Fort Bragg for the New York Port of Embarkation , and it arrived in Britain on 17 August , one of the first American combat units deployed to the European Theater . On 10 December 1942 , the 1st Battalion , 36th Field Artillery landed at Oran , Algeria . At 1217 hrs on Christmas Eve , near Medjez El Bab , 2d section , Battery A fired the first American heavy artillery round in the European Theater , starting a mission that silenced a German battery . During the Tunisia campaign , the two battalions of the regiment supported nearly all of the Allied forces involved in the battle . The battalions were constantly separated because they were the only field artillery in the theater with their 25,000-yard range , and their services were eagerly sought by both British and American commanders . Lieutenant William Wall , Forward Observer for Battery A , broke up a large German armored attack by directing their battery 's fire on it . They opened fire at 18,000 yards , and the tanks closed to 7,000 yards before withdrawing . At this range only one of the battery 's guns could continue to fire , and the rest of the battery had loaded into trucks and was prepared to abandon the position and destroy the guns . The commander of the tanks , during questioning after their capture , said that they turned around because they were not willing to face the 155mm guns in direct fire . During this campaign , the 1st Battalion achieved another `` first '' , becoming the first American field artillery unit of the war to destroy enemy aircraft by artillery fire , during an artillery `` raid '' on a forward airfield . During the Sicily campaign the two battalions were again separated , supporting different divisions . During the last part of the Sicilian campaign , Headquarters Battery , 36th Field Artillery served as the provisional headquarters for all American artillery in Sicily . From 29 August to 3 September 1943 the 2d Battalion fired the first American artillery to hit the European mainland , across the straits of Messina in support of the British 8th Army . The battalion set an ammunition dump on fire and silenced five German 170mm gun positions . The 36th Field Artillery landed on the hot Salerno beach beginning on 12 September , and participated in the drive on Naples and the Foggia airfields , then turning north to Cassino . During these operations , Battery C fired a `` perfect mission '' , setting an ammunition train at Avellino on fire with the first round in adjustment at a range of 22,000 yards . Also during this period , the regiment conducted the first operations with high-performance aircraft adjusting artillery fire , cooperating with P-51s and artillery-trained pilots . While the 2d Battalion continued fighting at Cassino , the 1st Battalion withdrew from the line and prepared for the Anzio invasion , landing on D day , and providing the heaviest artillery support on the beachhead for the next five months . Both battalions then participated in the drive which freed Rome and continued into the Alban hills . On 5 March 1944 , the regiment was broken up , with Regimental Headquarters , 1st Battalion and 2d Battalion redesignated HHB , 36th FA Group , 36th FA Battalion , and 633d FA Battalion , respectively . On 8 June 1944 , the 1st Battalion was again withdrawn from the line for its longest break , this time in preparation for the invasion of Southern France . The battalion landed on D day , 15 August and raced north with VI Corps to the German border . Here , at the town of Mutzig , first section of Battery B fired the regiment 's only direct-fire mission of the war using the Long Toms , at a German fort being held by 92 men . From 1 December until the end of the war , the battalion operated with two M12 self-propelled 155mm guns , which were used for special missions , especially direct fire . At the end of the war one battery was in firing position at Seefeld , Austria , prepared to fire on Innsbruck in support of the 103d Infantry Division . Fortunately , negotiations with the city 's leaders led to the surrender of the city with no firing . Meanwhile , the 2d Battalion continued northward through Italy , crossing the Po River in April 1945 and reaching the foothills of the Italian Alps . At one time , while supporting the French Expeditionary Corps , the battalion earned the wrath of one regimental commander for occupying their objective before they reached it . They insisted that they leave the position so that they could secure it . Regimental Headquarters , known as Headquarters , 36th FA Group , participated in the Southern France invasion and ended the war in Germany . The regiment earned streamers for 11 World War II campaigns , more than any other regiment in the army . Elements of the regiment earned arrowheads for four amphibious assaults ( Sicily , Salerno , Anzio , and Southern France ) ; the only regiments in the history of the army to earn more were the 509th Infantry ( five ) and the 1st Special Forces ( seven ) .
Post World War II
All of the components of the 36th Field Artillery were inactivated shortly after the end of World War II . Each component thereafter had a separate history . Regimental Headquarters ( Headquarters , 36th FA Group ) was activated 1 April 1951 in Germany and assigned to 7th Army . It was redesignated HHB , 36th Artillery Group on 1 June 1958 , and inactivated 30 April 1972 . The 1st Battalion ( 36th FA Battalion ) was activated 1 October 1948 at Fort Lewis , Washington , as a 105mm howitzer battalion . It was inactivated 18 Dec 1950 , except for Battery A , which was transferred to Fort Richardson , Alaska and inactivated 10 June 1951 . The battalion was activated again on 18 January 1952 at Fort Sill , Oklahoma , as a towed 155mm gun battalion . In 1957 the battalion was designated a gyroscope 8-inch howitzer ( atomic ) unit , and it transferred to Germany , arriving in Bremerhaven on 12 February 1958 . On 25 June 1958 the 36th Field Artillery reorganized under the Combat Arms Regimental System , and the 36th Field Artillery Battalion became the new 1st Battalion , 36th Field Artillery , tracing its lineage from Battery A , 36th Field Artillery . On 1 August 1963 the battalion was reorganized as an 8-inch howitzer battalion . Since its arrival in Germany , it was stationed at Schwaebisch Hall , Erlangen , Neu Ulm , and Augsburg . In February 1987 , it was one of the first nondivisional 8 inch battalions to be re-organized in the 24-gun , split battery configuration . It was one of the leading units in the army developing tactics for this structure . The 2d Battalion , 36th Field Artillery ( 633d FA Battalion ) was redesignated the 546th FA Battalion and activated 15 September 1948 at Fort Sill , Oklahoma . Due to personnel shortages it was inactivated 25 January 1949 at Fort Sill . It was activated 1 April 1951 at Fort Lewis , Washington , and later transferred to Germany , where it was inactivated on 25 June 1958 . Concurrently , the new 2d Battalion , 36th Field Artillery , tracing its lineage from Battery B , 36th Field Artillery , was activated at Fort Sill , Oklahoma as an 8 '' self propelled howitzer battalion , where it remained until 1986 , when it was inactivated . The 3d Battalion , 36th Field Artillery , tracing its lineage from Battery C , 36th Field Artillery , was activated in the US Army Reserve on 1 June 1959 at Hampton , Virginia , as an 8-inch howitzer battalion . It was inactivated at Hampton , Virginia on 31 January 1968 . The 4th Battalion , 36th Field Artillery , tracing its lineage from Battery D , 36th Field Artillery , was activated in the US Army Reserve on 1 June 1959 at Akron , Ohio , as an 8-inch howitzer battalion . It was inactivated at Akron , Ohio on 31 January 1968 .
Distinctive unit insignia
Description
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 3/16 inches ( 3.02 cm ) in height consisting of a shield blazoned : Per chevron Gules and Or .
Symbolism
The “ per chevron ” division of the shield signifies that the organization has been placed on the active list twice .
Background
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 36th Field Artillery on 10 September 1934 . It was redesignated for the 36th Field Artillery Battalion on 27 November 1944 . The insignia was redesignated for the 36th Artillery Regiment on 21 November 1958 . It was redesignated for the 36th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971 .
Coat of arms
Blazon
Shield
Per chevron Gules and Or .
Crest
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules , two sprays of long leaf Southern pine in saltire Proper .
Motto
IN ORDER .
Symbolism
Shield
The “ per chevron ” division of the shield signifies that the organization has been placed on the active list twice .
Crest
The crest of long leaf pine denotes the allocation of the regiment .
Background
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 36th Field Artillery on 10 September 1934 . It was redesignated for the 36th Field Artillery Battalion on 27 November 1944 . The insignia was redesignated for the 36th Artillery Regiment on 21 November 1958 . It was redesignated for the 36th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971 .
Current configuration
1st Battalion , 36th Field Artillery Regiment
2d Battalion , 36th Field Artillery Regiment
3d Battalion , 36th Field Artillery Regiment
4th Battalion , 36th Field Artillery Regiment
5th Battalion , 36th Field Artillery Regiment
6th Battalion , 36th Field Artillery Regiment
See also
Field Artillery Branch ( United States )
U.S. Army Coast Artillery Corps
References
Historical register and dictionary of the United States Army , from ... , Volume 1 By Francis Bernard Heitman
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110722213412/http : //www.tioh.hqda.pentagon.mil/Heraldry/ArmyDUISSICOA/ArmyHeraldryUnit.aspx ? u=3439
External links
http : //www.history.army.mil/html/forcestruc/lineages/branches/fa/default.htm
036
Military units and formations established in 1918
Avenir Sportif de Soliman is a Tunisian football club based in Soliman , Tunisia .
The club finished in first place of Group A of the 2018–19 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2 season , earning promotion to the 2019–20 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Current squad
References
Association football clubs established in 1960
Football clubs in Tunisia
Colorado Springs Ascent were an American soccer team who were members of the United Soccer Leagues Premier Development League ( PDL ) , the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid , in 2000 and 2001 , after which the team left the league and the franchise was terminated .
Year-by-year
Sports in Colorado Springs , Colorado
A
Defunct Premier Development League teams
USISL teams
2000 establishments in Colorado
2001 disestablishments in Colorado
Association football clubs established in 2000
Association football clubs disestablished in 2001
Elmer Hildebrand ( born 1935 ) is a Canadian business person , investor , philanthropist and broadcaster from Altona , Manitoba and current CEO & President of Golden West Broadcasting ( Canada ) . Hildebrand joined Golden West in 1961 , just four years after its inception , and served as president for many decades , growing the company to more than forty radio stations , and the largest independent radio broadcaster in Canada . They are a former director of the Canadian Association of Broadcasters and was inducted into the CAB Hall of Fame , Manitoba Business Hall of Fame , and Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame . They also served as President of the Mennonite Heritage Village in Steinbach , Manitoba .
They were awarded the Order of Manitoba in 2007 and made a member of the Order of Canada in 2013 .
They live in Winnipeg with their wife Hilda and also owns a historic Mennonite housebarn in Neubergthal , Manitoba , a National Historic Site of Canada .
References
1935 births
Canadian Mennonites
21st-century Canadian businesspeople
20th-century Canadian businesspeople
Members of the Order of Canada
Living people
The white-bellied fantail ( Rhipidura euryura ) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae .
It is endemic to Java . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
white-bellied fantail
Birds of Java
white-bellied fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lateral bodies are structures that sit on the concave sides of the viral core of a poxvirus and is surrounded by a membrane . They serve as immunomodulatory delivery packets , and membrane cloaking to spread poxviruses . They were first visualized using electron microscopy in 1956 and shortly after , it was shown that they detach from the viral core upon membrane fusion .
Lateral body proteins
Lateral bodies are made up of at least three proteins , phosphoprotein F17 , dual-specificity phosphatase H1 and the viral oxidoreductase G4 . F17 is the main structural protein and may play a role in modulating cellular immune response through MAPK signaling pathways . H1 dephosphorylates STAT1 to prevent nuclear transcription and block IFNy-induced immune signaling . Finally , G4 is essential for viral morphogenesis . Additionally , the proteins packed in lateral bodies are redox proteins , which modulates the host oxidative response impacting early gene expression and virion production .
References
Viruses
Genervie Kam Shi Ling ( ; born 24 May 1980 ) , known professionally as Genervie Kam , is a Malaysian violinist , pianist , music director and arranger . Kam began their studies after they turned three years old , when they received their first piano lesson from Yamaha School . With their mother Penny Kam 's support , six years later they started studying the violin with their father 's friend , Andrew Chye .
In addition to their native Chinese ( Cantonese and Hokkien ) , they are fluent in both English and Malay .
Early education
Kam began their formal piano education at the Yamaha Music School in Petaling Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia and graduated in Junior Special Advanced Course – a special course for gifted children . At the age of twelve , Kam passed the Advanced Certificate Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music ( ABRSM ) with distinction . They continue to learn and excel for their Performer 's Licentiate Diploma at the Trinity College of Music , London when they were fourteen . Kam enrolled themselves at the International College of Music ( ICOM ) and received their degree in Music in Arranging , which is validated by Westminster University , London . At the same time , they also pursued their Fellowship major in Piano .
Career
Concerts
Kam toured as a keyboardist , violinist and percussionist and they were the youngest member of the Jacky Cheung Music Odyssey 2002 ( World Tour ) .
This mega concert kicked off in Australia and covered over 50 shows worldwide including Malaysia , Singapore , China , Taiwan , Japan , Brunei , England , US , Canada and ended in Hong Kong . In 2007 and 2008 , they also performed for short tours for The Year of Jacky Cheung World Tour 2007 for all shows in Malaysia and Singapore and also for their concert in Bukit Jalil Outdoor Stadium .
They also toured with Singaporean singer- songwriter superstar , Stefanie Sun Yan Zi for their tour within Asia in 2004 , 2005 , 2006 and short tour 2010 in Beijing .
Performances
Kam already had numerous performances and shows for the live and recorded television shows , corporate events , private shows , product launching for the RTM , TV3 , Ntv7 , Astro , MediaCorp Singapore , Martell , Bedat & Co. , TW Steel , Technomarine , Audemars Piguet , Louis Vuitton , Salvatore Ferragamo , Bernhard Lederer , Mont Blanc , World Savings Banks Institute , BNP Paribas , Citibank , CIMB Bank , Prudential , Acer , Mild Seven , Brabus , Volvo , Lexus , BMW , Mercedes , Munchy 's , Amway , Castrol , Petronas and Shell .
Award ceremonies
Kam is a well known versatile musician in the region as they have been active in the industry since 1984 but only started playing amongst other professional musicians for local prestigious award ceremonies such as Anugerah Juara Lagu ( AJL ) , Anugerah Industri Muzik ( AIM ) , Anugerah Radio ERA , Anugerah Bintang Popular ( ABP ) and Anugerah Skrin ( ASK ) from 2003 onwards .
Orchestra
Kam has performed with the ( NSO ) National Symphony Orchestra . Additionally , they also performed under the baton of conductors such as Takahisa Ota , Mustafa Fuzer Nawi and others .
Instruments
Currently , they play on a Ted Brewer 5 string Crossbow purchased in 2002 . For two years since 2001 , they have been using a Fender electric violin given by their youngest brother , Arthur Kam who in 2003 was listed in the Malaysia Book of Records as `` The Youngest Person To Complete A Professional Drum Course '' . Before that , they use a Gasparo da Salo given by their grand uncle , Kam Kee Chye and is still using it until now .
Awards
Kam has won prizes for their violin and piano playing and also for music arranging .
2011 – Awarded ICONIC WOMEN by ICON Magazine Malaysia . http : //www.bluinc.com.my/iconic-ball/
2009 – Received the Anugerah Bakat Muda ( Penggubah Muzik ) by the Ministry of Unity , Culture , Arts and Heritage Malaysia ( Anugerah Seni Negara ) .
2004 – Received the Founder President 's Award for Excellence by Westminster University .
2003 – Won the Best Student Performer Award , January 2003 at ICOM .
2002 – Won 1st prize in the Asian Beat Band Competition National Grand Finals and was awarded the Best Keyboardist Award .
2001 – Took part in 3 categories at the Expo Muzik 2001 and won 2nd prize for piano and 3rd prize for violin in the Overall Classical Section , 1st prize in the Pop Jazz Instrumental Solo section , 1st prize in the Pop Jazz Instrumental Group section and consolation prize in the Song Writing Section .
2000 – Awarded scholarship by Malaysia Authors ' Copyright Protection ( MACP ) .
1997 – Chosen to perform in a master class conducted by Jean Harvey – chief examiner of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music , London .
1997 – One of the six most gifted young Malaysian pianists chosen to perform together with five international young pianists in the International Young Pianists ' Concert .
1993–1995 – Them talents also took them to Europe where they participated in International Piano Competitions in Ústí nad Labem in the Czech Republic in 1993 , 1994 and 1995 . In November 1995 , they bagged the prestigious Mayor of the Town award at Ústí nad Labem . Victory topped off with a number of performances in Budapest and Copenhagen in 1994 and 1995 where Kam carved a name for themselves winning the hearts of the numerous work renowned musical dilettantes in those nations .
1992 – They also directed their talents into compositions and has since of late composed several pieces ; their latest being the `` Ballade – Homage a F. Chopin '' which is fast gaining kudos from a number of musical connoisseurs hitherto . * This piece was the one that brought Kam to the Mayor of the Town award in Ústí nad Labem , Czech Republic .
1991 – Bestowed the Award by the Minister of Unity and Social Development , YB Dato ' Napsiah Omar Suleiman in recognition of their musical talent and consequently as a child prodigy .
Personal life
Genervie Kam tied the knot with singer , Hazama Azmi on 15 January 2017 . They were previously a Christian before embracing Islam in mid-2016 .
References
External links
www.facebook.com/GenervieKam | Official Fan Page
www.youtube.com/GenervieKam | Official Video Page
Malaysian musicians
1980 births
Living people
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
People from Selangor
zFS was an IBM research project to develop a distributed , decentralized file system . It was a follow-on to the IBM DSF ( Data Sharing Facility ) project to build a serverless file system .
References
Disk file systems
IBM file systems
IBM mainframe operating systems
Francis West ( 1586–1633/4 ) was the deputy governor of the Colony and Dominion of Virginia .
Francis West may also refer to :
Francis West ( bishop ) ( 1908–1999 ) , Bishop of Taunton in the Church of England
Francis West ( colonel ) ( 1711–1796 ) , Sheriff of King William County in the Colony and Dominion of Virginia and its representative in the House of Burgesses
Francis H. West ( 1825–1896 ) , Union Army general
Bing West ( Francis J . West , born 1940 ) , American military writer and former Defense Department official
See also
Frank West ( disambiguation )
Francis Weston ( 1511–1536 ) , courtier executed for alleged adultery with Queen Anne Boleyn
Computer Automation Inc. was a computer manufacturer founded by David H. Methvin in 1968 , based originally in Newport Beach , California , United States . It opened a sales , support and repair arm in the UK in 1972 , based at Hertford House , Maple Cross , Rickmansworth , Hertfordshire . Later relocated to Suite 2 Milfield House , Croxley Centre , Croxley Green , Watford , Hertfordshire .
In 1981 they moved the corporate offices to Boulder , Colorado , manufacturing and sales remained in California . In 1985 the offices moved to Irvine , California .
Finally in 1990 they moved to Richardson , Texas . They had previously opened a manufacturing and engineering development facility there in 1978 as a way to escape high California tax and labor rates .
The first products were the Computer Automation PDC 404 and PDC 808 `` Programmed Digital Controllers '' . The PDC 808 announced circa July 1969 was designed for control , monitoring and/or data logging applications . It featured 4K 8-bit core memory expandable to 16K with DTL logic circuits .
In 1969 CA announced full production of the Model 816 , a 16 bit general purpose computer using TTL integrated circuits for logic and a 3D core memory .
In 1971 CA introduced the Alpha 8 , an eight bit machine , and Alpha 16 which merely doubled up this concept to make a 16-bit machine . Both were built using DTL and TTL devices . The processor for the Alpha 8 and Alpha 16 each comprised three full sized circuit boards about 18 inches square , then there were the memory options , 4k , 8k and rarely 16k magnetic core full cards . There were a number of options for data input , paper tape via a board called the utility controller which could also be used to drive other devices such as printers , etc . There was a magnetic tape controller which was a full card and a Winchester interface disk controller which was two full cards with a circuit board jumper which interlinked the two cards . The programmers console had a row of toggle switches for data entry of bootstrap routines , etc . Two chassis were available , standard and jumbo with separate power supplies . There were a variety of other cards available for various forms of input/output and process control , relay cards , dual teletype cards , etc .
In 1973 the LSI-1 was announced , a single board low-cost 16-bit computer . To achieve the ambitious goals , the company ventured into development of full-custom LSI chips : a 4-bit slice arithmetic logic unit and 3-chip control unit . The control unit was based on programmable logic arrays ( PLA ) . The control unit PLA transformed the machine instructions and events into series of microinstructions to operate the ALU and related functions . The concept was conceived by Ken Gorman and was designed by Gorman and Roy Blacksher . Although the design was proven in the lab using first iteration chips , a disastrous processing error by chip foundry National Semiconductor during a bug-fix iteration caused a six-month schedule slip from which the project could not recover . Therefore , the LSI-1 never entered the marketplace . Gorman subsequently became manager of the Processor Development Department and oversaw computer processor engineering through 1975 . For one project , Gorman worked with AMD in the conceptualization of the Am2900 4-bit slice chip that was employed in Computer Automation 's high-end processors and gained widespread acceptance in the marketplace .
The LSI-1 was superseded by the LSI-2 which implemented the same architecture using standard TTL logic . The LSI-2 comprised a single full card with two piggyback half cards , on the lefthand side viewed from the back was the card containing the microcode in fuse link bipolar PROMs , on the right the options card with the bootstrap Proms and serial interface for current loop teletype or RS-232 device . There were a couple of speed options of processor available , the 2/10 with a 10 MHz clock and 2/20 with a 20 MHz clock . Another option was the 2/60 which used different microcode on the half card to support an enhanced instruction set used uniquely by Computer Automation 's SyFa ( System For access ) data processing systems . There were two types of console available , the operator 's console which merely had enough functionality to enable an operator to boot the system , and a programmer 's console which would enable data entry for bootstrap routines , etc . Memory options included magnetic core of between 4 and 16k and later semiconductor memory of up to 32k in a variety of formats , full card and half card . Memory banking where blocks of memory could be switched in or out to a degree bypassed the restrictions of a 16-bit address bus . The format for input/output devices remained the same as the Alpha 8 and Alpha 16 products , therefore many of the I/O devices for the earlier product could still be used . However , the LSI 2 had a different dual-card hard disk controller and a number of different options for half-card floppy controllers . The chassis available had five slots with internal PSU or nine slots with external PSU .
Both the Alpha systems and LSI systems were tested using a programme called QCD – quality-control diagnostic . There were a number of different versions of this around , for the Alpha machines on paper tape , hard disk or magnetic tape , and for the LSI systems paper tape , floppy disk , hard disk and magnetic tape . There were also other diagnostics for every product , many I/O devices requiring a wired loopback header connecting output to input in a particular pattern so that the device could test itself .
Another product of the mid-1970s was a cut down and cut-price half card processor , the 3/05 . This had its own unique half card chassis and power supply , plus its own console .
In the late 1970s a major redesign of the LSI 2 took place to integrate the two piggyback cards into the main full card , this became the 2/40 and 2/120 . Another enhancement to speed operation was the introduction of cache in the form of another full card , plus an expansion of memory with 64k semiconductor modules in the form of a full card becoming available . Again the restrictions of the 16-bit address bus still meant memory banking was a necessity for memory greedy applications . The increase speed of the “ Super 2 ” as the systems were called required a new revision of motherboard but this was backwards compatible with the earlier systems .
Another product range emerged in the late 1970s , the Naked Mini 4 range of systems . These were still implemented in TTL but used a different and enhanced instruction set . They ranged from the 4/10 , which was a half card replacement for the 3/05 , through the full card 4/30 to the 4/95 . Although there was some compatibility with a few of the I/O cards from the LSI-2 , everything about the NM4 series was generally speaking unique . Naked Mini products saw extensive use in early computer controlled typesetting machines and automatic teller machines .
The 4/10 processor was based on a pair of custom LSI integrated circuits , the DATA chip and the CONTROL chip . The custom chips were fabricated by Western Digital and another California-based company was a second source . The microcode for controlling these chips was stored in four 8-bit wide bipolar PROMs . In 1978 , the Richardson , Texas manufacturing facility added a small engineering development group headed by Frank J. Marshall that was tasked with building a small , low-cost 16-bit mini-computer product line using the LSI 4/10 custom chips . The resulting product line was the 4/04 , also known as the SCOUT ( Small Computer Optimized for Use by the Thousands ) or Naked Milli . The 4/04 system used small ( around 6 x 9 inches ) circuit boards and made heavy used of PAL logic chips . The boards plugged into a chassis that had 4 to 12 slots for cards . One side of the chassis was the system power supply , which was 5 volts only . Boards that needed other voltages generated them with small DC-DC converters . The SCOUT had many advanced features for its time including built-in self test diagnostics , a plug-and-play driver and bootloader facility , and automatic memory address allocation for memory boards .
As Computer Automation moved into the 1980s it became apparent that the concept of the minicomputer was getting a little long in the tooth . Microprocessors such as the 8080 , Z80 and 6502 could be incorporated into much process control equipment . The marketing and engineering groups at Computer Automation realized this and proposed a new product line and direction for the company to be called `` Triad '' . This was to be based on Motorola microprocessors on the VME or Versa bus and running a Unix-based operating system . Dave Methvin , the founder and president of the company was adamantly opposed to non-proprietary systems and architectures and killed the project .
Computer Automation consisted of three were divisions , firstly :
Naked Mini which sold minicomputer 's to OEMs , where they were used in process control .
IPD ( Industrial Products Division ) manufactured automatic test equipment . Computer Automation had designed an ATE to production test its own product in-house . CA decided this was a marketable product which was dubbed `` Capable '' . The first Capable testers used an Alpha 16 , later models used the LSI-2 . These were functional ATE which ran a program against the UUT ( Unit Under Test ) to exercise all logic functions . A later development was the Marathon in-circuit tester , which as the name suggests measured viability of components in-circuit .
SyFa ( Systems for Access ) manufactured programmable distributed data processing systems using the LSI 2/60 and later the 2/120 as the core . These were used by many companies to perform jobs such as stock control , order processing , etc . Originally the systems were manufactured and assembled in the States and shipped to the UK for commissioning , but by the late Seventies a production facility was in place at a separate unit at Maple Cross near Rickmansworth in England .
In 1979 a production facility opened up at Clonshaugh in Dublin , taking advantage of tax concessions introduced by the Irish Government .
The company last filed a financial statement in 1992 .
References
1968 establishments in Texas
1992 disestablishments in Texas
American companies established in 1968
American companies disestablished in 1992
Companies based in Boulder , Colorado
Computer companies established in 1968
Computer companies disestablished in 1992
Defunct companies based in Texas
Defunct computer companies of the United States
Defunct computer hardware companies
History of Irvine , California
Manufacturing companies based in Texas
Richardson , Texas
Once Again is the second studio album by American singer John Legend , released by GOOD Music , Sony Urban Music and Columbia Records on October 24 , 2006 . Legend co-wrote and co-produced the bulk of the album , working with collaborators such as Kanye West , will.i.am , Raphael Saadiq , Craig Street , Sa-Ra , Eric Hudson , Devo Springsteen , Dave Tozer and Avenue .
Singles from the album include `` Save Room '' , `` Heaven '' , `` P.D.A . ( We Just Do n't Care ) '' , `` Stereo '' , `` Another Again '' , `` Slow Dance '' , `` Show Me '' and `` Each Day Gets Better '' . Once Again has been certified platinum by the RIAA , after shipping over one million copies . The song `` Heaven '' won the Grammy Award for Best Male R & B Vocal Performance . Also , `` Save Room '' was nominated for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance .
Reception
The album so far has a score of 77 out of 100 from Metacritic based on `` generally favorable reviews '' . Yahoo ! Music UK gave it a score of nine stars out of ten and called it `` frequently staggering '' . Paste gave it four-and-a-half stars out of five and said , `` Legend has grown by leaps on this disc , delivering a richer sound and more adventurous experimentation . '' The A.V . Club gave it a B+ and said that `` While [ the album ] occasionally slips from understated to sleepy , there is n't a bum track on the album . '' Mojo also gave the album four stars out of five and said of Legend , `` His most impressive skill is echoing the laid-back charm of Bill Withers and the melodic instincts of Stevie Wonder . '' Blender likewise gave it four stars out of five and said it `` sets out to rebuild the dramatic storytelling and redemptive power of soul music on a hip-hop foundation . '' Q likewise gave it four stars , calling it `` soulful '' and `` not funky '' . Billboard gave it a positive review and called it `` A timeless , feel-good album that could easily slide into your papa 's Sam Cooke and Percy Sledge collections , yet still sounds contemporary . '' The Village Voice also gave it a positive review and stated , `` There are a number of words to describe contemporary mainstream r & b , but `` elegant , '' `` mature , '' `` breezy , '' and `` sophisticated '' are n't usually among them . Luckily , they apply to John Legend 's subtle follow-up to 2005 's Grammy-winning , multiplatinum Get Lifted . '' Hartford Courant likewise gave it a positive review and called its songs `` Soul music impeccably poised between past and future , anchored by a warm voice comfortingly similar to Bill Withers ' . ''
Other reviews are average or mixed : The Observer gave it three stars out of five and said that Legend `` has stepped up into territory that references their background in gospel and soul but avoids the more obvious nods to the past . '' Slant Magazine also gave it three stars and said that the album 's midsection `` bulges with excess MOR fat , but unlike Legend 's debut , the album does n't resurrect itself by the end . '' Now likewise gave it three stars and said , `` Legend 's lounge-track sentimentality often spills into schmaltzed-out Streisand-on-Broadway territory . '' Prefix Magazine gave it a score of five out of ten and stated that `` The album 's second half is still woefully lacking , one big mess of boredom and monotony . '' Vibe gave it two-and-a-half stars out of five and called it `` frustratingly uneven '' . The Independent gave it two stars out of five and stated , `` It 's hard not to feel underwhelmed by this follow-up to Legend 's major-label debut Get Lifted , which secured three million sales through a judicious blend of their gospel roots and hip-hop ties . The lunge for the mainstream is too pronounced , and probably ill-advised , inasmuch as it places them in direct comparison with more expressive , adept singers . ''
Commercial performance
Once Again debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 behind the soundtrack to Disney 's Hannah Montana and My Chemical Romance 's The Black Parade , selling 231,000 copies in its first week . This became Legend 's second US top-ten debut and their highest-charting album . In its second week , the album dropped to the number four on the chart , selling an additional 115,000 copies . On December 5 , 2006 , the album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for shipments of over one million units in the United States . As of September 2007 , the album has sold over 2.5 million copies worldwide .
Track listing
Notes
signifies co-producer
signifies additional producer
Personnel
Credits adapted from album 's liner notes .
Chris Allen – assistant engineer ( track 8 )
Sasha Allen – background vocals ( tracks 1 , 6 , 13 )
Cooper Anderson – engineer ( track 12 )
Vaughn Anthony – background vocals ( track 2 )
Taz Arnold – producer , engineer , and instruments ( track 9 )
Rob Bacon – guitar ( track 4 )
Stephen Barber – string arrangements ( tracks 4 , 10 , 13 )
Art Baron – trombone ( track 6 )
Mark Biondi – drums ( track 11 )
Doyle Bramhall – guitar ( tracks 6 , 8 , 13 )
Chris Bruce – guitar ( tracks 6 , 12 )
Steve Bruner – bass ( track 9 )
Chuck Brungardt – engineer ( track 4 )
Helen Campo – alto flute ( track 13 )
Hector Castillo – engineer ( tracks 8 , 10 , 12 , 13 ) , strings engineer ( 4 )
Evan Conquest additional guitar and additional engineering ( track 3 )
Nick Cords – viola ( tracks 4 , 10 , 13 )
Tom Craskey – co-producer , guitar , piano , and additional vocals ( track 3 ) ; bass ( 3 , 11 )
Karesha Crawford – horns ( tracks 1 , 5 , 7 )
Andrew Dawson – engineer ( track 2 )
Jenaee Dixon – horns ( tracks 1 , 5 , 7 )
Ethan Donaldson – assistant engineer ( track 10 )
Karen Dreyfus – viola ( tracks 4 , 13 )
Elizabeth Dyson – cello ( tracks 4 , 10 , 13 )
Larry Eagle – drums ( track 10 )
Ron Fair – piano ( track 5 )
Andrea Fisher – flute ( track 12 )
Katherine Fong – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 )
Jason Freeman – horns ( track 6 )
Jerry Freeman – horns ( track 6 )
Anthony `` Rocky '' Gallo – engineer ( tracks 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 11 , 13 )
Tom Gloady – assistant engineer ( track 10 )
Diva Goodfriend – alto flute ( track 13 )
Didi Gutman – keyboards ( tracks 4 , 6 )
Michael Harmon – engineer ( track 11 )
Keith Harris – keyboards ( track 13 )
Earl Harvin – drums ( tracks 4 , 6 , 8 , 13 )
Sharif Hobley – guitar ( tracks 1 , 2 , 5 , 7 , 13 )
Corey Hogan – horns ( tracks 1 , 5 , 7 )
S. Husky Höskulds – engineer ( tracks 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 , 13 )
Eric Hudson – producer , bass , and piano ( track 6 )
Shafiq Husayn – producer , engineer , and instruments ( track 9 )
Chris Jennings – assistant engineer ( track 10 )
Hyomin Kang – assistant engineer ( track 10 )
Mindy Kaufman – alto flute ( track 13 )
Om'Mas Keith – producer , engineer , and instruments ( track 9 )
Ryan Kennedy – mixing assistant ( track 13 )
Padraic Kerin – engineer ( tracks 1 , 5 , 7 , 13 )
Anthony Kilhoffer – engineer ( tracks 1 , 2 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 10 , 13 )
Lisa Kim – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 , 13 )
Josh Kramer-Burkhart – assistant engineer ( track 10 )
Soo Hyun Kwon – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 , 13 )
Gelly Kusuma – assistant engineer ( tracks 1 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 10 , 13 )
Krystof Kuznik – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 )
Julie Landsman – French horn ( track 13 )
Jeanne Leblanc – cello ( tracks 4 , 13 )
John Legend – lead vocals ( all tracks ) , backing vocals ( tracks 1–9 , 11–13 ) , piano ( 5 , 7-10 , 12 , 13 ) , organ ( 2 ) , additional keyboards ( 1 ) , producer ( 1 , 5 , 7 , 8 , 10 , 13 ) , co-producer ( 2 , 6 , 9 , 12 ) , additional production ( 4 ) , vocal producer and arranger ( 11 )
Ken Lewis – co-producer and engineer ( track 12 )
Kuan Lu – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 )
Daniele Luppi – string arrangements ( track 6 ) , additional string arrangements ( 4 )
Andy Marcinkowski – mixing assistant ( tracks 1–3 , 5–7 , 9 , 11 )
Tony Maserati – mixing ( all tracks ) , engineer ( track 12 )
Harvey Mason – drums ( track 4 )
Tara Michel – background vocals ( tracks 5 , 7 , 13 )
Bill Mims – assistant engineer ( tracks 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 , 13 )
Dror Mohar – assistant engineer ( track 10 )
Jamie Muhoberac – keyboards ( tracks 6 , 8 , 12 )
Ichiho Nishiki – mixing assistant ( tracks 4 , 8 , 10 , 12 )
Sarah O'Boyle – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 )
Richard Owens – horns ( track 6 )
Bobby Ozuna – co-producer and drums ( track 4 )
George Pajon , Jr. – guitar ( track 13 )
Sandra Park – violin and concertmaster ( tracks 4 , 6 , 10 , 13 )
David Piltch – bass ( tracks 6 , 8 , 10 , 13 )
Herb Powers Jr. – mastering
Wen Qian – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 )
Lenesha Randolph – background vocals ( track 13 )
Chris Rob – organ ( track 3 )
Raphael Saadiq – producer , guitar , and bass ( track 4 )
Joshua Sadlier-Brown – engineer ( track 3 )
Tatsuya Sato – engineer ( tracks 6 , 12 )
Jack Splash – producer and drum programming ( track 6 )
Devo Springsteen – producer ( track 3 )
Glenn Standridge – co-producer and engineer ( track 4 )
Charlie Stavish – assistant engineer ( track 10 )
Craig Street – producer ( tracks 8 , 10 ) , co-producer ( 6 ) , additional production ( 4 , 12 , 13 )
Swiss Chris – drums ( tracks 1 , 3 )
Caterina Szepes – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 )
James Tanksley – assistant engineer ( track 4 )
Steve Tirpak – trumpet and flugabone ( track 11 )
David Torn – guitar ( tracks 4 , 6 , 8 , 12 )
Dave Tozer – producer , engineer , acoustic guitar , piano , and drum programming ( track 11 )
Alex Venguer – assistant engineer ( track 10 )
Patrick Warren – keyboards ( tracks 6 , 8 , 12 )
Kanye West – producer ( tracks 2 , 12 )
will.i.am – producer and engineer ( tracks 1 , 5 , 7 , 13 ) , drums ( 1 , 5 , 7 ) , bass ( 7 ) , drum programming ( 13 )
Kebbi Williams – horns ( track 6 )
Steve Williamson – clarinet ( track 13 )
Jessyca Wilson – background vocals ( tracks 1 , 2 , 5–7 , 9 , 11–13 ) , ad-lib vocals ( 7 )
Mateuz Wolski – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 )
Shelly Woodworth – oboe ( track 13 )
Sharon Yamada – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 , 10 , 13 )
Jung Sun Yoo – violin ( tracks 4 , 6 )
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
JohnLegend.com — official site
2006 albums
Albums produced by Craig Street
Albums produced by Dave Tozer
Albums produced by Devo Springsteen
Albums produced by Eric Hudson
Albums produced by Jack Splash
Albums produced by John Legend
Albums produced by Kanye West
Albums produced by Raphael Saadiq
Albums produced by will.i.am
Albums produced by No I.D .
Columbia Records albums
John Legend albums
GOOD Music albums
Susta is a disputed territory between Nepal and India . It is administered by India as part of West Champaran district of Bihar . It is claimed by Nepal as part of Susta rural municipality , under West Nawalparasi District in Lumbini Province .
The disputed territory is located on the eastern side of the Gandak river ( Narayani River in Nepal ) . Nepal claims the area a part of West Nawalparasi District under Susta rural municipality ( part of ward no . 5 ) , alleging that over 14,860 hectares of Nepali land in Susta has been encroached upon by India while India claims `` Susta '' to be a part of West Champaran district .
According to the Sugauli Treaty signed between British East India Company and Nepal in 1816 , the Gandak river is the international boundary and eastern part of the river belongs to India and western part of the river belongs to Nepal . At the time the treaty was signed Susta village was situated west of the river . But , over the years , the Gandak river changed its course and Susta moved to the east side of the river , that is now on the Indian side of the river .
Nepal maintains the Gandak 's course in 1816 to be taken as the fixed international boundary but India claims that land on the eastern side of the river is its own territory .
References
Parasi District
Lumbini Province
Territorial disputes of Nepal
Territorial disputes of India
India–Nepal relations
Lairawn Baptist Association ( LBA ) is the organization of 65 Baptist churches throughout Kalay Valley , Sagaing Division , Myanmar . The majority of the Burmese population is made of profess Theravada Buddhism and only 6 % practices Christianity , with two-thirds of them being considered Protestant . Almost half of these Protestants are Baptist . The LBA mainly serves the Chin people who speak Falam dialect . It is one of the twenty eight associations of Chin Baptist Convention which is under the umbrella of Myanmar Baptist Convention ( MBC ) . As of 2015 , the association has 78 pastors and 21305 members . The association is divided into 12 areas and each area has their own by-law and constitution , but they work together with each other in unity in the context of LBA , encouraging and resourcing each other . The motto is Pitlin Lam Pan ( Epsesians 4:14 ) .
Background
Lairawn is a Chin version of today 's Kalay Valley , Myanmar . The rich agriculture land and its climate made is possible to grow crops for the whole year . The area has a good transport link with the rest of the country and it is also an industrial area . Since it is a good place for living , the Chin people of Myanmar started to migrate to the area as early as 1915 . The mass migration started after the Second World War . As the population of Chin people are increasing , Churches were established throughout the area . Each Protestants denomination such as Methodist and Baptist established churches respectively . Baptist Churches were also established independently in the area as early as 1952 . The then Baptist Church pastors saw the need of an association to uplift their moral and spiritual supports . Thus , they formed the Kalay Valley Baptist Association ( KVBA ) for all of the Baptist churches in the area , regardless of the languages . Since , there were many different dialect within the KVBA , Burmese language were used for Church services . All of the Baptist churches in the area were under the KVBA until 1989 .
As more Chin people migrated and the community grew stronger , the people wanted to worship in their own dialect . The villages which the Falam people live during 1945–1955 in Kalaymyo are Thiamthi , Angteng , Vanbaal , Pamunchaung , Chaungkhuah , Myaungsone , Myaunghlah , Cicai , Sentaw , Tuanchaung , Sadaw , Cekan , Taungphila , Tahan , Hmunlai and Pinkhung . At this time , Falam people have affiliation with Falam Baptist Association .
As there are many different dialects among the Chin i.e . Falam , Hakha , Tedim etc ... several associations were formed on the basis of their particular dialect . In 1990 , the people who use Falam dialect broke away from the Kalay Valley Baptist Association ( KVBA ) and formed Lairawn Baptist Association ( LBA ) . Hakha formed their own association called Chin Baptist Association and the KVBA remains as it was but its member were mainly Tedim dialect speakers . The LBA has just celebrated its Silver Jubilee in 2015 .
The Formation of LBA
Christian History in Chin Hills and Kalay Valley
The Kingdom of Burma fell under the British Empire in AD 1885 . The whole Chin State also conquered by the British in AD 1890 . From the beginning of 1889 , the American Baptist International Ministries and Karen Evangelists came to Chin Hills to start a Christian mission . As a result , the Chin people became Christians and are growing by the tireless effort of the missionaries . When the Chin people started to migrate into Kalay Valley , the established Baptist churches independently .
The Formation of KVBA
In 1952 , pastor Thuam Khan Do was sent by Tedim Baptist Association to be a minister for the Chin army in Kalay valley . At that time , Pastor Ir Lian was at Taungphila , Pastor Ngo Kam was at Thing Unau , Pastor Hrin Cung Nung was at Pyinkhonegyi , Pastor Za Kheng was at Myaungsone , and they were visiting the churches around the villages in Kalaymyo . Rev . S.T Haugo M.R.E class of 1950 from Eastern Baptist Theological Seminary , Philadelphia , Penn USA advised Rev . Thuam Khan Do `` You , Tedim people , Falam people , Hakha people , who live at Kalay valley , should be forming an association . We are different , but we are one body in Christ . You , Kalay Valley , will be the strongest in that way '' . Rev . Thuam Khan Do then invited the churches from the area and they agreed to form an Association . Therefore , Rev . Thuam Khan Do was called the Founding Father of the association .
The Baptist churches from Chin State were affiliated with the Baptist churches from Kalay valley , Kalamyo area . Because of existing some difficult relationship with Chin State , the meeting was set up at Taungphila Baptist on January 16 , 1955 for regarding form a new association by the advice of some reliable thinkers . And then , the Chin people from the area had decided to have an association . The association consisted of the churches from Taungphila , Thing Unau , Pinkhung , Kalaymyo , Myaungsone , Cicai , Sentaw , and Varpi . The association is named as Kalay Valley Baptist Association . Most churches were administered by KVBA until 1989 .
The birth of Lairawn Baptist Association ( LBA )
In the late 1980s , the Falam people from Kalay Valley Baptist Association arranged to have their own association . They thought that they would have their own Bible , Hymnal books , and Sunday School lessons if they could have their own association . During the Falam Chin Literature annual meeting at Pinkhung Baptist Church on 5 April 1989 , the Association Commission was formed . The Commission held a mass meeting at Haikhawl Baptist Church on 22 December 1989 to discuss the formation of a new association . Two delegates from each Baptist church in the area and all pastors were invited to the meeting . There , they agreed to form a new association called Lairawn Baptist Association . U Mang Kulh offered their house rent free for the association office for one year . The open ceremony of the office , U Mang Kulh 's house , was held on March 1 , 1990 . Today , Lairawn Baptist Association has 62 churches in the Kalay Valley and its area is divided into 12 Areas .
The Founding of Bethel Theological Seminary ( BTS )
The history of BTS and LBA can not be separated . The BTS was founded by Rev . Billy Saw Ling and Dr. Za Hlei Thang . The idea of founding a seminary was envisioned anew by Rev . Billy Saw Ling . They discussed their vision with Rev . En Thang on the morning of 1 April 1989 which was the starting point of BTS . The matter was further discussed on 4 April 1989 at Pyinkhonekyi Baptist Church , during the annual meeting of Falam Chin Christian Literature Society . Then , a further meeting was held at Falam Chin Christian Literature Society office , Tahan-Kalaymyo on the first week of April 1989 . The meeting was attended by Rev . Bil Saw Ling , Rev . Hrang Cung Nung , Rev . Bernard Luai Hre , and Rev . L. Sang Hlei Khuai and they decided to establish a Seminary . Dr. Za Hlei Thang offered their real estate in Tahan-Kalaymyo for Seminary . The proposal for the establishment of a seminary was put to a vote and passed unanimously , and Bethel Theological Seminary ( BTS ) was chosen as the official name . Thus , the Seminary was opened on June 13 , 1989 with twenty-six students and five teachers ( Five faculty members ) .
Bethel Theological Seminary started a program of Theological studies at the Diploma level in 1989 , Bachelor of Theology ( B.Th program ) in 1992 , Master level , Master of Theology in 2007 , and Master level Master of Divinity program in 2010 with English as a medium of instruction . Bethel Theological Seminary becomes one of accredited member Institution of the Association for Theological Education in South East Asia ( ATESEA ) in 2000 . In 2011 , the Seminary was re-accredited by the ATESEA . The owner of the Bethel Theological Seminary is the Lairawn Baptist Association .
The 12 Areas of LBA
The Lairawn Baptist Association was divided into 12 Areas as follows .
1 . Angteng Pastor Area
2 . Cicai Pastor Area
3 . Kalaymyo Baptist Churches Area
4 . Nanchaung Pastor Area
5 . Kanaan Pastor Area
6 . Khampat Baptist Pastor Area
7 . Letpanchaung Area Baptist Churches
8 . Tanphu Pastor Area
9 . Taungphila Pastor Area
10 . Myaungsone Baptist Pastor Area
11 . Pynkhongyi Pastor Area
12 . Local Churches ( Tamu Zidan-7 , Tamu Zidan-10 , Khawhmunnuam and Htantapin )
All of the above are located within the Kalay Valley .
The List of Former Leaders in Lairawn Baptist Association
1990 – 1993 Officers and Staffs
President : Rev.R Tha Bik
Vice President : Pa Saw Hmun
General Secretary : Rev.Lian Khaw Thang
Associate General Secretary : Rev . Biak Cung Nung
Treasurer ; U Ngun Nei Sawn
Asst . Treasurer ; U Biak Lian Thang
CE Secretary : Rev . Than Rap
Youth Secretary : Rev . Lian Mang
E & M Secretary : Rev . Tha Nei Thang
Woman Secretary : Sayama Van Dim
1994-'97 Officers and Staffs
President : Rev.Lian Khaw Thang
Vice President : U Khuang Lian Thang
General Secretary : Rev.Dr.Hrang Cung Nung
Woman Secretary : Pastor Nai Ciang
1998-2001 Officers and Staffs
President : Rev.Dr.Hrang Cung Nung
Vice President : Pa Khuah Ir
General Secretary : Rev.R.Tha Biak
Woman Secretary : Pastor Sui Hlawn Rem
2002-2003 Officers and Staffs
President : Rev.R.Tha Biak
Vice President : Pa Lian Be
General Secretary : Rev . Dr.Billy Saw Ling
Woman Secretary : Pastor Thiam Hlei Thluai
2004-2005 Officers and Staffs
President : Rev.R.Tha Biak
Vice President : Pa Lian Be
General Secretary : Rev.Lai Lian Sum
Woman Secretary : Pastor Thiam Hlei Thluai
2006-2007 Officers and Staffs
President : Rev.Lai Lian Sum
Vice President : Pa Kap Thang
General Secretary : Rev.Dr.B.Luai Hre
Woman Secretary : Pastor Biak Rem Par
2008-2009 Officers and Staffs
President : Rev.Lai Lian Sum
Vice President : Pa Kap Thang
General Secretary : Rev.Khaw Lian Hre
Woman Secretary : Pastor Biak Rem Par
2010-2011 Officers and Staffs
President : Rev.Lian Mang
Vice President : Pa Tha Hlei Thuan
General Secretary : Rev.Khaw Lian Hre
Woman Secretary : Pastor Thiam Hlei Thluai
2012-2014 Officers and Staffs
President : Rev.Lian Mang
Vice President : Pa Tha Hlei Thuan
General Secretary : Rev.Run Herh Ling
Woman Secretary : Pastor Thiam Hlei Thluai
2014-2016 Officers and Staffs
President : Rev.Khaw Lian Hre
Vice President : Pa Za Biak Thang
General Secretary : Rev.Micah Bawi Ceu
Woman Secretary : Pastor Khin Than Shwe
References
Baptist Christianity in Myanmar
A Mít ( born 27 July 1997 ) is a Vietnamese footballer of ethnic Degar descent who plays as a midfielder for V-League ( Vietnam ) club Thanh Hóa
Early life
A Mít was born one of eight children to a poor Degar family of melon farmers in Kon Tum . At the age of just 12 A Mít traveled to Pleiku to join the HAGL – Arsenal JMG Academy . However A Mít 's small size and frequent injuries and sicknesses caused them to quit and go back to their families farm . A couple years latter a scout from SHB Đà Nẵng took notice and invited A Mít to the club 's academy . A Mít showed impressive improvement and in 2016 made their league debut .
References
1997 births
Living people
Vietnamese footballers
Association football midfielders
V.League 1 players
SHB Da Nang FC players
People from Kon Tum Province
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Senator May may refer to :
Clark W. May ( 1869–1908 ) , West Virginia State Senate
Edgar May ( 1929–2012 ) , Vermont State Senate
Rachel May ( fl . 1970s–2010s ) , New York State Senate
Ron May ( Colorado legislator ) ( born 1934 ) , Colorado State Senate
Scopula nemoraria is a moth of the family Geometridae . It is found from central to eastern Europe , east to Russia and China .
The wingspan is . Adults are on wing in June .
The larvae feed on Hypericum perforatum and Lysimachia vulgaris .
References
External links
Lepiforum.de
Moths described in 1799
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
nemoraria
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Association Sportive Somasud is a Malagasy football club based in Toliara in the Ihorombe Region in south Madagascar .
In 1981 the team has won the THB Champions League .
Stadium
Currently the team plays at the 5000 capacity Stade Maître Kira .
Honours
THB Champions League
Champion ( 1 ) : 1981
References
External links
Team profile - wildstat.com
Somasud
Suzanne Hearn ( born 13 February 1956 ) is an Australian Olympic dressage rider . Representing Australia , they competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , where they finished 54th in the individual and 9th in the team competition .
At age of 60 , they became the second oldest Australian debuting Olympian , behind sailor Harold Brooke who made their debut as a 61-year old at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
In February 2019 , Hearn won the CDI4 * Grand Prix in Bawley Point , the first ever 4 * dressage competition held on the Southern hemisphere .
Notable horses
Remmington – 2002 Brown Australian Warmblood Gelding ( River Dance x Imperial Prince )
2016 Olympics – Team 9th Place , Individual 54th Place
2016 Aachen Nations Cup – Team 8th Place , Individual 29th Place
2018 Melbourne World Cup – 1st Place
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Australian female equestrians
Olympic equestrians of Australia
Equestrians at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Tippecanoe County is located in the west-central portion of the U.S. state of Indiana about 22 miles east of the Illinois state line and less than 50 miles from the Chicagoland area and the Indianapolis metro area . As of the 2010 census , the population was 172,780 . The county seat and largest city is Lafayette . It was created in 1826 from Wabash County portion of New Purchase and unorganized territory .
Tippecanoe County was formed March 1 , 1826 , and named for the anglicization of `` Kiteepihkwana '' , a Miami people term meaning `` place of the buffalo fish people . '' The county is best known for Purdue University , the 1811 Battle of Tippecanoe , and the Tippecanoe County Courthouse , a structure built in 1881 and included in the National Register of Historic Places .
Tippecanoe County is part of the Lafayette , Indiana , Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
The history of Tippecanoe County spans six distinct political and cultural periods : Native American lands from at least 8000BC , including the Mississippian culture , French occupation ( part of New France beginning in the 1670s ) , British occupation starting in 1763 , part of the United States Northwest Territory in 1787 , part of Indiana Territory in 1800 , and finally part of the State of Indiana in 1816 . The political organization of the county began in 1826 by the act of the Indiana Legislature .
The first European explorers arrived in the 1670s and the first permanent settlement was Fort Ouiatenon by the French established in 1717 . Lafayette was platted in 1825 and Purdue University founded in 1869 .
Geography
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 99.32 % ) is land and ( or 0.68 % ) is water . The county 's highest point is in the Lauramie Township .
Adjacent counties
White County ( north )
Carroll County ( northeast )
Clinton County ( east )
Montgomery County ( south )
Fountain County ( southwest )
Warren County ( west )
Benton County ( northwest )
Communities
Cities
Lafayette
West Lafayette ( home of Purdue University )
Towns
Battle Ground
Clarks Hill
Dayton
Otterbein ( east half )
Shadeland
Romney
Census-designated places
Americus
Buck Creek ( formerly Transitville )
Colburn ( formerly Chapmanville )
Montmorenci ( formerly Bringham 's Grove )
Stockwell ( formerly Lauramie )
West Point ( formerly Middleton )
Other unincorporated places
Ash Grove
Cairo
Concord
Delp
Eastwich
Glen Hall
Monroe ( formerly Huntersville )
Octagon
Odell
Old Halfway
Pettit
Romney ( formerly Columbia )
Taylor
Extinct
Archerville
Beeville
Chauncey ( consolidated into West Lafayette )
Corwin
Columbus
Cincinnatus
Clarksburg
Cleveland
Conroe
Erie
Florentine
Fulton ( absorbed by Lafayette )
Gerard
Granville ( aka Weaton )
Heath
Harrisonville ( consolidated into Battle Ground )
Kingston ( consolidated into West Lafayette )
LaGrange
Linwood ( absorbed by Lafayette )
Little Chicago
Monitor ( formerly Cynthyana )
New Market
North Crane
Oakland ( absorbed by Lafayette )
Ouiatenon
Polk-White Corners
Prairieville
Sidney
South Raub
Sugar Grove
Sunberry
Texas
Wheeler 's Grove
Wyandot
Yorktown
Townships
Fairfield
Jackson
Lauramie
Perry
Randolph
Sheffield
Shelby
Tippecanoe
Union
Wabash
Washington
Wayne
Wea
Climate and weather
In recent years , temperatures in Lafayette have ranged from an average low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from inches in February to inches in June .
Transportation
Highways
Interstate 65
U.S. Route 52
U.S. Route 231
Indiana State Road 25
Indiana State Road 26
Indiana State Road 28
Indiana State Road 38
Indiana State Road 43
Indiana State Road 225
Railroads
Three different railroad lines intersect in Tippecanoe County , all running through the Lafayette area . CSX Transportation operates a north–south line ; Norfolk Southern Railway operates a southwest-to-northeast line , and the Kankakee , Beaverville and Southern Railroad operates a daily-service line running from the northwest to the southeast .
The Amtrak Cardinal stops at the Lafayette Station 3 times a week , and is the only provider of passenger rail service to Greater Lafayette .
Airport
The county contains one public-use airport : Purdue University Airport ( LAF ) in West Lafayette , Indiana .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The county council is the fiscal branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county . The county council and the board of commissioners shares legislative authority . Representatives are elected from county districts . The council members serve four-year terms . They are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners . The commissioners are elected county-wide , in staggered terms , and each serves a four-year term . One of the commissioners , typically the most senior , serves as president . The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council , collecting revenue , and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government .
Court : The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases . The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
County Officials : The county has several other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk . Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
Politics
In the 2008 Democratic primary , Tippecanoe County was one of 10 ( out of 92 ) Indiana counties to give the majority of its votes to Barack Obama . In the 2008 Presidential election , Tippecanoe County was one of 15 Indiana counties to give the majority of its votes to Obama/Biden . Thanks to the sizable support of Purdue University students , Tippecanoe County played a pivotal role in Barack Obama 's upset win in Indiana ( 49.9 % -49.0 % ; 1,367,264 votes to 1,341,101 votes ) by supporting the Democratic ticket of Barack Obama/Joe Biden 55.1 % -43.5 % over the Republican ticket of John McCain/Sarah Palin . However , in the 2020 Presidential election , Tippecanoe County also voted for Democrat Joe Biden by a margin of 436 votes , the first time since 2008 the county went for the Democrats .
Historically , Tippecanoe has been somewhat conservative for a county dominated by a college town . While most such counties swung hard to the Democrats in the 1990s Obama 's win in 2008 was only the fourth time it went Democratic in a presidential election since 1888 .
Tippecanoe County is one of only thirteen counties to have voted for Obama in 2008 , Romney in 2012 , Trump in 2016 , and Biden in 2020 .
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 172,780 people , 65,532 households , and 37,003 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 71,096 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 84.0 % white , 6.2 % Asian , 4.0 % black or African American , 0.3 % American Indian , 3.3 % from other races , and 2.2 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 7.5 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 27.5 % were German , 13.9 % were Irish , 10.8 % were English , and 6.1 % were American .
Of the 65,532 households , 28.5 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 42.4 % were married couples living together , 9.8 % had a female householder with no husband present , 43.5 % were non-families , and 29.2 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.02 . The median age was 27.7 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 60,367 . Males had a median income of $ 45,018 versus $ 31,995 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 22,203 . About 10.3 % of families and 20.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 18.2 % of those under age 18 and 5.0 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Public schools in rural/suburban Tippecanoe County are administered by the Tippecanoe School Corporation , while those in the cities are under either the Lafayette School Corporation or West Lafayette Community School Corporation . Purdue and Ivy Tech each have campuses at other sites in Indiana .
Libraries
Tippecanoe County Public Library
West Lafayette Public Library
Universities and colleges
Purdue University
Ivy Tech Community College of Indiana
High Schools
TSC - Elston Alternative Education Center
LCSS - Lafayette Central Catholic Jr/Sr High School
LSC - Lafayette ( city ) Jefferson High School
LSC - Lafayette ( city ) Oakland High School
TSC - Lafayette ( suburban—south ) McCutcheon High School
WLCSC - West Lafayette ( city ) West Lafayette Junior-Senior High School
TSC - West Lafayette/Lafayette ( suburban—north ) Harrison High School
Middle Schools/Junior High Schools
Lafayette Sunnyside Middle School
Lafayette Tecumseh Junior High School
TSC ( Harrison ) Battle Ground Middle School
TSC ( Harrison ) East Tipp Middle School
TSC ( Harrison ) Klondike Middle School
TSC ( McCutcheon ) Southwestern Middle School
TSC ( McCutcheon ) Wainwright Middle School
TSC ( McCutcheon ) Wea Ridge Middle School
West Lafayette Junior-Senior High School
Elementary Schools
Lafayette Edgelea Elementary School
Lafayette Glen Acres Elementary School
Lafayette Miami Elementary School
Lafayette Miller Elementary School
Lafayette Murdock Elementary School
Lafayette ( charter ) New Community School
Lafayette Vinton Elementary School
TSC ( Harrison ) Battle Ground Elementary School
TSC ( Harrison ) Burnett Creek Elementary School
TSC ( Harrison ) Hershey Elementary School
TSC ( Harrison ) Klondike Elementary School
TSC ( McCutcheon ) Dayton Elementary School
TSC ( McCutcheon ) James Cole Elementary School
TSC ( McCutcheon ) Mayflower Mill Elementary School
TSC ( McCutcheon ) Mintonye Elementary School
TSC ( McCutcheon ) Wea Ridge Elementary School
TSC ( McCutcheon ) Woodland Elementary School
TSC ( Harrison/McCutcheon ) Wyandotte Elementary School
West Lafayette Cumberland Elementary School
Private Schools
Apostolic Christian Academy
Concord School
Faith Christian School
First Assembly Christian Academy
Highland Christian School k-8
Lafayette Catholic Schools k-12
Lafayette Christian School k-8
Lafayette Faith Baptist
Lighthouse Baptist Christian Academy
Pleasantview Christian School
St Boniface 4-6
St James Lutheran k-8
St Mary Cathedral Elementary K-3
Economy
Much of the economy of Tippecanoe County is centered in its two largest communities : Lafayette and West Lafayette . Purdue University is by far the largest employer in the county , but private industry and commerce independent of the university also employ many others . Major employers include Subaru-Indiana Automotive , Wabash National , Caterpillar , Fairfield Manufacturing , Franciscan Health Lafayette , Alcoa , State Farm , and IUHealth Arnett .
Notable people
Jesse Lloyd
See also
List of public art in Tippecanoe County , Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tippecanoe County , Indiana
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Tippecanoe County official website
Tippecanoe County Public Library
Tippecanoe County Historical Association
Lafayette Online
Lafayette - West Lafayette Convention and Visitors Bureau
GIS ( Geographic Information System ) for Tippecanoe County
Lafayette Ski Club
Indiana counties
Indiana placenames of Native American origin
1826 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1826
Lafayette metropolitan area , Indiana
The Egyptian Feminist Union ( ) was the first nationwide feminist movement in Egypt .
History and profile
The Egyptian Feminist Union was founded at a meeting on 6 March 1923 at the home of activist Huda Sha'arawi , who served as its first president until their death on December 12 , 1947 . Before becoming the EFU , the organization which had ties to the Wafd Party was called the Wafdist Women 's Central Committee in 1920 . The creation of the Egyptian Feminist Union came in response to feminist dissatisfaction with the Egyptian independence movement , which placed women 's rights as secondary in the struggle for independence .
Its mission was to gain comprehensive rights for women . Some of the demands of the EFU were but are not limited to : women 's suffrage , the advancement of women and children 's education , stopping government legalized prostitution , reforming the Personal Status law , as well as better healthcare for women and children . These demands were chronicled and published in their fortnightly periodical L'Egyptienne from 1925 , and from 1937 the journal el-Masreyyah ( The Egyptian Woman ) . They would eventually become successful in the struggle for women 's suffrage , with Egypt granting the right to vote to women in 1956 , as well as ending legalized prostitution . Demands for education reforms by the union were met in 1925 when the government made primary education compulsory for girls as well as boys , and later in the decade women were admitted to the national university for the first time .
The union 's campaign for the reform of family law , however , was unsuccessful . The EFU was not able to reform parts of the family law and Personal Status Codes that allowed males to divorce their spouses without the spouses ' consent , as well as ending polygamy . In February 1951 , Doria Shafik managed to secretly bring together 1500 women from Egypt 's two leading feminist groupings ( the union and Bint Al-Nil ) . They organized a march that interrupted parliament for four hours after they gathered there with a series of demands mainly related to women 's socioeconomic rights . Mufidah Abdul Rahman was chosen to defend Shafik in court in regards to this . When the case went to trial , many Bint al-Nil supporters attended the courtroom , and the judge adjourned the hearing indefinitely . However , in spite of receiving promises from the President of the Senate , women 's rights experienced no improvements .
The union was affiliated to the International Woman Suffrage Alliance . In 1923 the International Woman Suffrage Alliance held a meeting in the capital of Italy which the EFU sent delegates to attend .
The union also supported complete independence from the United Kingdom , but like upper-class male leaders of the Wafd Party , promoted European social values and had an essentially secular orientation .
The union organised the Eastern Women 's Conference for the Defense of Palestine in Cairo , and Huda Sharawi suggested the individual countries establish feminist unions , and that those unions form an umbrella organization , spanning the Arab world . In December 1944 , the EFU convened the Arab Feminist Congress or Arab Women 's Congress in Cairo , which formally established the Arab Feminist Union ( AFU ) .
EFU Under Nasser
Under the first years of Gamal Abdel Nasser Presidency the EFU had their demands met by being granted the right to vote ( 1956 ) . Nasser also created equal opportunity for women in education and employment , while promising middle and lower class citizens the right to education , healthcare , and economic mobility for both men and women . The Egyptian Feminist Union became restricted under the government controlled by President Gamal Abdel Nasser during and after 1956 . The Nasser regime would go on to dissolve The EFU in 1956 and absorb the organization , going from an independent organization to a government run charity renamed the Huda Sha'arawi Association . The Nasser regime passed the law 32/1964 which gave the government the ability to regulate organizations that were not already associated under the government . This made it difficult for the organization to demand political and economic rights . The union reformed as a non-profit , non-governmental organization under the original name but with a different goal and team in 2011 .
See also
Feminism in Egypt
List of women 's rights organizations
References
External links
Alliance for Arab Women submits papers to establish Women 's Federation Egypt
President of the Federation of Egyptian women `` We will not allow the President imposes the veil on us ''
1923 establishments in Egypt
Organizations established in 1923
Feminist organisations in Egypt
This is a list of seasons played by Athletic Bilbao in Spanish and European football , from 1898 to the most recent completed season . It details the club 's achievements in major competitions , and the top scorers for each season .
The club has won the League eight times , the Spanish Cup 24 times ( including one disputed victory competing as Vizcaya ) , the Spanish Super Cup three times ( once by default after completing a double ) , and the Copa Eva Duarte once .
Key
Key to league record :
Pos = Final position
Pld = Matches played
W = Matches won
D = Matches drawn
L = Matches lost
GF = Goals for
GA = Goals against
Pts = Points
Key to rounds :
W = Winner
F = Final
SF = Semi-finals
QF = Quarter-finals
R16 = Round of 16
R32 = Round of 32
R64 = Round of 64
R5 = Fifth round
R4 = Fourth round
R3 = Third round
R2 = Second round
R1 = First round
GS = Group stage
Seasons
References
External links
Athletic Club at La Liga
Club profile at BDfutbol ( match summaries in each season , dating from 1928–29 )
From official website :
Current season matches
Current season league statistics
Current season cup statistics
Current season continental statistics
Past seasons ( sortable by competition and year )
Seasons
Athletic Bilbao
Seasons
Anfu ham ( ) is a type of dry-cured ham named after the town of Anfu in Jiangxi , China , where it originated . The ham gets its flavor from being salted and smoked and can be eaten on its own or used to add flavor to dishes . It is made in Anfu and other locations .
Anfu ham originates from the Qin Dynasty . In 1915 , Anfu ham was featured in the Panama–Pacific International Exposition . Its skin is very thin but the meat is very thick . It is red with a yellowish tint . Chinaculture.org , a project of the Ministry of Culture of the People 's Republic of China and the China Daily , described its shape as being `` like willow leaves '' . Anfu ham can remain edible for years .
See also
List of ancient dishes
List of hams
Chinese hams
Jinhua ham
Rugao ham
Xuanwei ham
References
Further reading
《中国民俗知识 : 江西民俗》。 甘肃人民出版社 , 2008. p. 1-2 .
《中国名食集萃》。 中国展望出版社 , 1986. p. ix , 155 , 156 .
External links
Chinese Ham You Never Know Before . Study in China .
Chinese cuisine
Jiangxi
Ham
Ancient dishes
Since June 4 , 2001 , the Canadian province of Nova Scotia has offered Domestic partnership registration to unmarried couples , both same-sex and different-sex , thereby entitling them to some , but not all , of the rights and benefits of marriage .
Legislation
In the previous year , the General Assembly passed the Law Reform ( 2000 ) Act , the full title of which is `` An Act to Comply with Certain Court Decisions and to Modernize and Reform Laws in the Province . '' The act was passed in the wake of the landmark decision of the Supreme Court of Canada in the case of M. v. H. on May 19 , 1999 .
In the first six months after the law came into effect , only 94 domestic partnerships were registered , in contrast to about 5500 marriages per year in the province . Of the 94 partnerships , 83 ( 88 % ) were same-sex couples .
Rights and Benefits
At the time the 2000 act was passed , domestic partners who registered with the provincial authorities were entitled to the same rights and obligations as spouses under the following laws :
the Fatal Injuries Act
the Health Act
the Hospitals Act
the Insurance Act
the Intestate Succession Act
the Maintenance and Custody Act
the Matrimonial Property Act
the Members ' Retiring Allowances Act
the Pension Benefits Act
the Probate Act
the Provincial Court Act
or as a widow or widower under the Testators ' Family Maintenance Act
Registration
Unmarried adults over age 19 in a conjugal relationship , not party to another domestic partnership , who live in Nova Scotia or own property there may file a declaration of domestic partnership with the Nova Scotia Vital Statistics Agency . By registering , the couple immediately gains the family court legal recognition , rights and benefits available to common law spouses under provincial law .
Termination
Domestic partnerships in Nova Scotia may be terminated in one of the following ways :
both parties jointly file a Statement of Termination with Vital Statistics
one party files an affidavit with Vital Statistics that the couple have lived separate and apart for more than a year
the parties enter into a separation agreement pursuant to the Maintenance and Custody Act and file proof of such an agreement with Vital Statistics
one of the parties files with Vital Statistics proof of marriage to a third party , which automatically ends the domestic partnership
See also
Same-sex marriage in Nova Scotia
Same-sex marriage in Canada
References
External links
Domestic Partnerships , Vital Statistics Agency , Nova Scotia
Third Reading version of the Law Reform ( 2000 ) Act , General Assembly of Nova Scotia
Final Report of the Review Panel on Common-Law Relationships to the Attorney General of Manitoba , 2001
Marriage and Legal Recognition of Same-sex Unions , A Discussion Paper , Department of Justice , Canada , November 2002
Sexual Orientation and Legal Rights , a review paper by the Library of Parliament , Ottawa , revised 28 July 2005
Marriage , unions and partnerships in Canada
Nova Scotia provincial legislation
Family law in Canada
Pope Clement X ( r. 1670–1676 ) created 20 cardinals in six consistories .
December 22 , 1670
Federico Borromeo , iuniore
Camillo Massimo
Gasparo Carpegna
August 24 , 1671
Bernhard Gustave von Baden-Durlach - Cardinal Priest
César d'Estrées - Cardinal Bishop
Juan Everardo Nithard , S.J . - Cardinal Priest
February 22 , 1672
Piero de Bonzi
Vincenzo Maria Orsini
January 16 , 1673
Felice Rospigliosi
June 12 , 1673
Francesco Nerli ( iuniore )
Girolamo Gastaldi
Girolamo Casanate
Federico Baldeschi Colonna
Pietro Basadonna
May 27 , 1675
Galeazzo Marescotti
Alessandro Crescenzi
Bernardino Rocci
Fabrizio Spada
Mario Alberizzi
Philip Howard
References
Clement X
College of Cardinals
17th-century Catholicism
Pope Clement X
Šterjo Nakov is a Macedonian business person of Aromanian origin . Their family origins from Kalin Kamen in Kriva Palanka Municipality . They are a Honorary Consul of Romania in Macedonia .
Companies
Feršped AD ( 1995 )
Hotel Aleksandar Palace
Hotel Metropol - Ohrid ( 2004 )
Skovin Winery ( 2001 )
Feršped Broker
Allegedly they own businesses in the ports of Thessaloniki , Greece and Durrës , Albania that was never confirmed .
Former companies
Alfa TV ( 2008-2012 )
Rabotnichki Basketball Club ( 2000-2009 )
Media
Šterjo Nakov was portrayed in the satirical animated TV Show Ednooki in 2007 and 2008 .
Wealth
Rankings :
2012 2nd by Forbes ranking of Macedonian business person
2014 2nd by European Research Company for wealth
Awards
2008 Order of the Holy Macedonian Cross
External links
Feršped AD Official Page
Skovin Winery Official Page
Hotel Aleksandar Palace Official Page
Hotel Metropol Official Page
Feršped Broker Official Page ( Macedonian )
References
1984 births
Living people
Macedonian businesspeople
Macedonian people of Aromanian descent
Turvânia is a municipality in eastern Goiás state , Brazil .
Location
Turvânia is located west of Goiânia , east of São Luís de Montes Belos .
Highway connections from Goiânia are made by state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia , through Trindade , Santa Bárbara de Goiás , and then 50 kilometers west to Turvânia . Neighboring municipalities are Firminópolis , São Luís de Montes Belos , Adelândia , Nazário and Anicuns .
Demographics
The population density was 10.51/km2 ( 27.2/mi2 ) ( 2007 ) . The urban population was 4,036 ( 2007 ) and the rural population was 926 .
The economy
The economy is based on subsistence agriculture , cattle raising , services , public administration , and small transformation industries . There was one dairy in 2007 . The cattle herd had 65,000 ( 2006 ) . The main crops were rice , bananas , sugarcane ( 2,200 hectares ; 5,400 ac ) , beans , manioc , corn , tomatoes , and soybeans .
Health and education
The adult literacy rate was 85.5 % ( 2000 ) ( the national average was 86.4 % ) . There were 2 hospitals with 37 beds . The infant mortality rate was 26.08 ( 2000 ) ( the national average was 33.0 ) . The classification on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.736 ( state ranking : 122 out of 242 municipalities and national ranking of 1,267 out of 5,507 municipalities . For the complete list see frigoletto.com.br
History
Turvânia began in 1930 with the establishment of a settlement called Poções , from the nearby stream . The site originally had a cemetery called `` por enquanto '' ( for the time being ) . In 1943 land was donated to build a chapel and the first constructions and streets appeared . In the beginning progress was difficult because of malaria , the lack of medicine and roads . In 1958 it became a municipality with the name `` Turvânia '' because of the Turvo River that crosses the region . Source : Sepin
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions in Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Sepin
Municipalities in Goiás
Virumaa ( ; Low German : Wierland ; Old Norse : Virland ) is a former independent county in Ancient Estonia . Now it is divided into Ida-Viru County or Eastern Vironia and Lääne-Viru County or Western Vironia . Vironians built many strongholds , like Tarwanpe ( modern Rakvere ) and Agelinde ( now Punamägi Hill in Äntu village ) .
Vironian was divided into five clans ( kilikunda ) , Maum ( in Estonian `` Mahu '' ) , Laemund ( Lemmu ) also known as Pudiviru , Askele , Revele ( Rebala ) , Alentagh ( Alutaguse ) . Like other Estonian tribes , Vironians remained predominantly pagan before Northern Crusades in the 13th century .
History
According to the Livonian Chronicle of Henry , Vironians believed that Tharapita , a god worshipped by Osilians ( the tribe inhabiting Saaremaa ) was born in Vironia . However , Vironian elder Thabelin of Pudiviru had endorsed Christianity before the German and Danish crusaders reached Estonia . Thabelin ( Tabellinus ) was baptized by Germans in Gotland island . Later , when competing Danish crusaders arrived to Vironia , Thabelin was suspected of being too pro-German and hanged .
In 1219 , the German crusaders of the Livonian Brothers of the Sword made a raid against Vironians together with recently christened Letts , Livonians , and several proto-Estonian tribes ( Sakalians , Ugaunians and Jervians ) . After five days of killing and pillaging , Kyriavan , Thabelin and other Vironian elders asked for a truce . According to the chronicle , Kyriavan told they had a `` very bad god '' before and therefore was ready to accept the Christian god . After truce was made , Vironian elders accepted Christianity . Some sons of elders from all five Vironian clans were taken hostages by the crusaders as part of the truce . In 1221 , Vironians took part in failed attempt to oust Danes who had built a fortress in the place of modern Tallinn in the neighboring province of Revelia . Danes retaliated , killed several Vironian elders and put Vironians under heavy taxes .
In 1225 , Danes and German crusaders clashed with each other over the ownership of Vironia . In 1226 , The papal legate William of Modena arrived to Vironian stronghold of Tarwanpe and mediated peace between Germans , Danes and Estonians . A year later the Vironian territories were taken by Brothers of the Sword . Vironians sided with the new Papal Legate Baldwin of Alna who in 1230 tried to create a Papal Vassal State in Northern Estonia , including Vironia . In 1233 , the supporters of Baldwin were defeated by the Order in the city of Reval ( Tallinn ) . Vironian territories were snatched by the Order again as Baldwin of Alna complained in their report to the Pope in 1234 . The Order was also accused of oppressing Vironian converts and expelling local supporters of Church .
In 1238 , Vironia was given to Denmark again according to the Treaty of Stensby . The area went into hands of powerful vassals of Danish king , many of which were of local origin , like Dietrich of Kievel ( probably 'Kivela ' - 'land of stone ' in Estonian ) who controlled Eastern part of Vironia , where they started to build the stronghold of Narva . Vironians and Vironian vassals took part in Order 's and Denmark 's failed crusade against Novgorod Republic 1240-1242 . The names Virumaa , Vironia and Virland have been continuously used for the North-Eastern Estonia . For example , in 1266 , Margaret Sambiria , Dowager Queen of Denmark was named the Lady of Estonia and Virland .
Parishes
Maum ( Mahu )
Laemund ( Lemmu , also known as Pudiviru )
Askælæ ( Äskälä )
Repel ( Rebala )
Alentagh ( Alutaguse )
See also
Danish Estonia
Kunda culture
Livonian Crusade
Vironians
List of Estonian rulers
References
External links
The flag of Vironia ( see : Vironia )
Ancient counties of Estonia
Ida-Viru County
Lääne-Viru County
A pura is a Balinese Hindu temple , and the place of worship for adherents of Balinese Hinduism in Indonesia . Puras are built in accordance to rules , style , guidance and rituals found in Balinese architecture . Most puras are found on the island of Bali , where Hinduism is the predominant religion ; however many puras exist in other parts of Indonesia where significant numbers of Balinese people reside . Mother Temple of Besakih is the most important , largest and holiest temple in Bali . Many puras have been built in Bali , leading it to be titled `` the Island of a Thousand Puras '' .
Etymology
The term pura originates from the Sanskrit word ( -pur , -puri , -pura , -puram , -pore ) , meaning `` city '' , `` walled city '' , `` towered city '' , or `` palace '' , which was adopted with the Indianization of Southeast Asia and the spread of Hinduism , specially in the Indosphere . During the development of the Balinese language the term pura came to refer to a religious temple complex , while the term puri came to refer to palace , the residence of kings and nobles , similar to Javanese kratons .
Design and layout
Unlike the common towering indoor Hindu temples of the Indian Subcontinent , puras are designed as an open air place of worship within enclosed walls , connected with a series of intricately decorated gates between its compounds . These walled compounds contain several shrines , meru ( towers ) , and bale ( pavilions ) . The design , plan and layout of the pura follows the trimandala concept of Balinese space allocation . Three mandala zones arranged according to a sacred hierarchy :
Nista mandala ( jaba pisan ) : the outer zone , which directly connects the pura compound with the outer realm , and the entrance to the temple . This zone usually takes the form of an open field or a garden that can be used for religious dance performances , or act as an additional space for preparations during religious festivals .
Madya mandala ( jaba tengah ) : the middle zone of the temple , where the activity of adherents takes place , and also the location for supporting facilities of the temple . In this zone usually several pavilions are built , such as the bale kulkul ( wooden Slit drum tower ) , bale gong ( gamelan pavilion ) , wantilan ( meeting pavilion ) , bale pesandekan , and bale perantenan , the temple 's kitchen .
Utama mandala ( jero ) : the holiest and the most sacred zone within the pura . This enclosed and typically highest of the compounds usually contains a padmasana , the towering lotus throne of the highest god , Acintya ( the Sang Hyang Widhi Wasa , or `` All-in-one God '' , in modern Balinese ) , the pelinggih meru ( a multi-tiered tower-shrine ) , and several pavilions , such as bale pawedan ( vedic chanting pavilion ) , bale piyasan , bale pepelik ( offering pavilion ) , bale panggungan , bale murda , and gedong penyimpenan ( storehouse of the temple 's relics ) .
However , the layout rules for arrangements the facilities of the two outer zones , nista mandala and madya mandala , are somewhat flexible . Several structures , such as the bale kulkul , could be built as outer corner tower ; also , the perantenan ( temple kitchen ) could be located in the Nista mandala .
Gates
There are two types of gates within Balinese architecture : the split gate , known as candi bentar , and the roofed tower gate known as paduraksa or kori agung . Both types of gates have specific roles in Balinese architectural design . Candi bentar is the gate used in the nista mandala , while the kori agung is employed as the gate between the madya mandala and Utama mandala inner compounds . The rules for gate types are also valid for non-religious compounds such as puri , nobles ' and kings ' residences .
Types of pura
There are several types of pura , each serving certain functions of Balinese rituals throughout the Balinese calendar . The Balinese temples are arranged according to the physical and spiritual realm of Balinese people , which corresponds to kaja-kelod sacred axis , from mountain tops the realms of gods , hyang spirits , the middle fertile plain the realm of humans and other beings , all the way to the beach and ocean , and the many realms in Indonesia .
Pura kahyangan jagad Pura that are located in the mountainous region of the island , built upon mountain or volcano slopes . The mountains are considered as the sacred magical and haunted realm , the abode of gods or hyang . The most important pura kahyangan in Bali is Mother Temple of Besakih complex on the slopes of Mount Agung . Another example is Pura Parahyangan Agung Jagatkarta on slopes of Mount Salak , West Java .
Pura tirta `` Water temples '' , a type of pura that other than religious function , also have water management function as part of Subak irrigation system . The priests in these temples have authority to manage the water allocation among rice paddies in the villages surrounds the temple . Some tirta temples are noted for its sacred water and having petirtaan or sacred bathing pool for cleansing ritual . Other water temple are built within lakes , such as Pura Ulun Danu Bratan . The best example of this type of temple is Pura Tirta Empul .
Pura desa A type of pura dedicated to the worship of Brahma the Gods and deities , that are located within villages or cities , serving as the center of Balinese people 's religious activities .
Pura puseh A type of pura dedicated to the worship of Vishnu .
Pura dalem A type of pura dedicated to the worship of Shiva , Durga , Mother nature , Banaspatiraja ( barong ) , Sang Bhuta Diyu , Sang Bhuta Garwa , and other deities , Usually Shiva 's shakti , Durga , is venerated in this temple . In human life cycle , the temple is connected to rituals concerning death . It is also common for a pura dalem to have a big tree like a banyan tree or a kepuh which is usually also used as a shrine . The Pura Dalem is typically located next to the graveyard of the deceased prior to ngaben ( cremation ) ceremony .
Pura mrajapati A type of pura to worship prajapati ( the lord of people ) or the cosmic might . Most often , in this temple Shiva is worshipped in their form as prajapati .
Pura segara `` Sea temples '' , a pura that are located by the sea to appease the sea Gods and deities . It is usually important during the Melasti ritual . One example of this type of temple is Pura Tanah Lot and Pura Uluwatu .
Sad Kahyangan
The Sad Kahyangan , Sad Kahyangan Jagad or the `` six sanctuaries of the world '' are the six holiest places of worship on Bali . According to Balinese beliefs , they are the pivotal points of the island , and are meant to provide spiritual balance to Bali . The number of these most sacred sanctuaries always adds up six , but depending on the region , the specific temples that are listed may vary . A list of the Sad Kahyangan may include :
Pura Besakih in Karangasem , the `` mother temple '' of Bali and almost always included
Pura Lempuyang Luhur in Karangasem
Pura Goa Lawah in Klungkung
Pura Luhur Uluwatu in Badung
Pura Luhur Batukaru in Tabanan
Pura Pusering Jagat ( Pura Puser Tasik ) in Gianyar
Dang Kahyangan
Based on the ejection of Dwijendra Tattwa , which in this study was determined as Dang Hyang Nirartha 's history , which in Balinese society is commonly called the History of Gede , mentioned Pura Parama Dharma , which is to pretend that Dang Kahyangan was built by Dang Hyang Nirartha or was awakened by the community to respecting and remembering Dharmayatra ( religious holy journey ) Dang Hyang Nirartha mentioned a number of 34 temples , some of them :
Pura Yeh Jeruk in Gianyar
Pura Pekendungan near Tanah Lot in Tabanan
Pura Dalem Sakenan on Serangan island
Pura Tirta Empul in Tampaksiring
Pura Penataran Sasih in Pejeng
Pura Dasar Bhuana in Gelgel
Pura Kehen in Bangli
Sea Temples
Bali has a number of important `` sea temples '' ( Balinese : pura segara ) , which were founded in the 16th century by a Majapahit Brahmin from Java , named Nirartha , to honour the gods of the sea . Each of the temples is traditionally said to be visible from the next , forming a 'chain ' around the coast of Bali . Many of the most important sea temples are located along the south-west coast of the island . The temples ' positions were meant to provide a chain of spiritual protection for the Bali island .
Listed counterclockwise from Nirartha 's legendary point of arrival in Bali , some of the most prominent Balinese sea temples include :
Pura Pulaki near Pemuteran , northeast of Gilimanuk ( ) .
Pura Gede Perancak , to the south of Negara ( ) .
Pura Rambut Siwi , to the east of Negara ( ) At this site Nirartha is said to have made a gift of a lock of their hair , which was worshipped . Rambut Siwi translates as 'worship of the hair ' and the tale is reminiscent of the Buddhist story of Gautama giving eight hairs to Tapussa and Bhallika , which are now enshrined at Shwedagon .
Pura Tanah Lot , west of Canggu and south of Tabanan city where two puras were built on a coastal rock overlooking the Indian Ocean as the shrine to honor sea deities . ( ) .
Pura Luhur Uluwatu , at the southwestern extremity of the Bukit Peninsula ( ) . This is the only Balinese sea temple that is also one of the six Balinese directional temples .
Pura Mas Suka , at the southern tip of the Bukit Peninsula , near Greenbowl Beach ( ) .
Pura Sakenan on Serangan island , an island between Tanjung Benoa and Sanur ( ) .
See also
Balinese architecture
Pura Besakih
Candi of Indonesia
Dambana
List of Hindu temples in Indonesia
Notes
References
Sudharta , Tjok . Rai . Beda Sadkahyangan dengan Sadwinayaka , Kolom Tatwa . Majalah Sarad Bali , Ed . No . 69/Tahun VII , Januari 2006 .
External links
Balinese Temples ( Mapview ) at Bali.com
Pura Besakih ( description ) at footprint guides
Pura Penataran Agung ( layout ) Rough Guide to Bali & Lombok
Balinese culture
Hindu temples
Hindu temples in Indonesia
Balinese sea temples
Bali
Balinese
The Church of Christ with the Elijah Message is the name of three related church groups and a denomination of the Latter Day Saint movement , headquartered in Independence , Missouri . It split from the Church of Christ ( informally referred to as the `` Fettingites '' ) in 1943 in a dispute over claimed revelations given to its founder William A. Draves . Draves , an elder in the Fettingite group , claimed to be receiving messages from an angelic being who identified themselves as John the Baptist—the same person who had allegedly appeared to Fettingite founder Otto Fetting , a former apostle of the Temple Lot Church of Christ . While many Fettingites accepted these new missives , some did not , leading Draves to form their own church . Their adherents claim it to be the sole legitimate continuation of Fetting 's organization , as well as that of the Temple Lot church . As of 1987 , the church had approximately 12,500 adherents spread between Africa , Europe , Asia , Australia and the Americas .
Origin of name
The church 's name originates in the alleged visitations of John the Baptist to Otto Fetting and William Draves . In the Gospel of Matthew 11:14 , Jesus Christ identifies John with the prophet Elijah in the Book of Malachi ; hence the use of `` Elijah Message '' . Malachi 4:5-6 says : `` Behold , I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord . And They shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children , and the heart of the children to their fathers ; lest I come and smite the land with a curse '' . Members believe that the purported visits of this `` messenger '' fulfill Malachi 's prophecy , as well as others found in Revelation 14:6 , Malachi 3:1 , Deuteronomy 18:15-19 , and Daniel 7:9-10 .
History
Otto Fetting
Otto Fetting was born on 20 November 1871 in Casco , St. Clair County , Michigan . Making their home in Port Huron , Michigan , they were baptised into the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints on February 9 , 1891 , and ordained to its priesthood in 1899 . In 1925 , dismayed by the `` Supreme Directional Control '' controversy within the RLDS church , Fetting switched their allegiance to the Temple Lot Church of Christ ( also informally known as `` Hedrickites '' ) . At the time , this did not require rebaptism or reordination , as each group accepted the priesthood and sacraments of the other . In the spring of 1926 , they were among seven men ordained to be Apostles in the Church of Christ .
On February 4 of 1927 , Otto Fetting claimed that they had been visited by John the Baptist , who had delivered a message for them to relay to the Temple Lot organization . This missive directed the construction of the long-awaited Temple in Independence , Missouri , first foretold by Latter Day Saint founder Joseph Smith in 1831 . The Temple Lot church had a long history of direction via revelation and angelic visits and thus was originally receptive to these alleged visits of the Biblical prophet , publishing Fetting 's messages in their monthly periodical Zion 's Advocate . They also began work on the temple with a groundbreaking ceremony held on 6 April 1929 . According to Fetting , the Hedrickites were given seven years to complete the structure .
Fetting 's messenger revealed various architectural details for the building and specifically directed surveyors to move their markers ten feet to the east of where they had originally been placed . The angel also revealed the location of two of Joseph Smith 's original marker stones , which Smith had buried 98 years before to indicate the location for their planned temple . Another revelation indicated that the `` Articles of Faith and Practice '' of the Temple Lot church were correct , and should not be changed from their original form . On other occasions , the messenger indicated particular men to be ordained within the organization , including to its Quorum of Twelve Apostles .
Trouble on the Temple Lot
Although the Temple Lot organization had enthusiastically accepted the first eleven of Fetting 's messages , this would not hold true for the twelfth . In verse four of this missive , John the Baptist states that all persons coming into the Church of Christ must be rebaptized , as `` the Lord has rejected all creeds and factions of men '' . While this reflects the practice of the majority of Latter Day Saint denominations ( including the Temple Lot church itself , today ) , it did not reflect the policy of the Temple Lot church at the time , which accepted members during this period from the Reorganized church , certain other Latter Day Saint organizations , and Joseph Smith 's pre-1844 church on their original baptisms . This message equally declared Fetting to have been given the same `` keys to the priesthood '' that were given to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery on May 15 , 1829 .
Controversy over the meaning and application of Fetting 's twelfth message became so great that Fetting themselves was `` silenced '' in October 1929 by the Temple Lot organization . Choosing to withdraw rather than continue under such a restriction , Fetting led approximately half of the Church of Christ members ( including some of its apostles ) to found a `` Church of Christ '' of their own , which became known as the Church of Christ ( Fettingite ) . Since the main Temple Lot organization retained possession of the Temple Lot and its meetinghouse , Fetting 's organization met in members ' homes for a considerable period prior to building their own worship facilities .
Fetting would claim to be visited a total of 30 times by the messenger prior to their death on 30 January 1933 .
William A. Draves
Four years after Fetting 's death , a young Fettingite elder named William A. Draves from Nucla , Colorado claimed that the same messenger who had appeared to Fetting had begun to appear to him , as well . While the Fettingite organization was initially receptive to these new missives , it ultimately decided to reject them all , leading to a split in the Fettingite organization in 1943 . Draves ' adherents formed the Church of Christ with the Elijah Message , which claims to be the sole legitimate continuance of Fetting 's original organization . Draves themselves announced a total of 90 messages prior to their death in 1994 , which were combined with Fetting 's into a book entitled The Word of the Lord Brought to Mankind by an Angel . Fetting 's organization publishes its own compendium , simply entitled The Word of the Lord , which contains only Fetting 's original 30 messages .
Prior to W.A . Draves 's death in 1994 the final three messages they had recorded reflected leadership disputes within The Church of Christ with the Elijah Message . These led to a division causing Apostles W.A . Draves , Leonard Draves and Mervyn Johnson to be blocked from church property by way of a restraining order . After a short legal battle , a failure to reconcile , and the death of W.A . Draves , six of the twelve leading Apostles decided to reincorporate the Church under the name The Church of Christ with the Elijah Message , Inc. in August 1994 . This new organization would go on to become the Church of Christ With the Elijah Message , The Assured Way of the Lord , Inc . The remaining five Apostles , including those who filed the above restraining order , retained the corporate name `` The Church of Christ with the Elijah Message , Established Anew 1929 '' and all properties including the headquarters building at 608 Lacy Rd . Independence , Missouri .
Doctrine and practices
Other than their acceptance of Fetting 's 30 messages and the 90 offered by William Draves , the beliefs and practices of the Elijah Message organization are virtually identical to those of the Church of Christ ( Temple Lot ) . In common with the Temple Lot church , the Elijah Message church rejects the office of President of the Church , being led instead by their Quorum of Twelve Apostles ; all members of that quorum are considered equal .
Also , like their Temple Lot cousins , the church rejects the Doctrine and Covenants and the Pearl of Great Price , as well as Joseph Smith 's Inspired Version of the Bible , preferring to use only the King James Bible and the Record of the Nephites ( their name for the Book of Mormon ) as standards . They also await an as-yet-unrevealed work of scripture which the Messenger was alleged to have shown to Draves in 1946 . Baptism for the Dead , eternal marriage , polygamy and the eternal progression doctrine are all rejected . Members of the Church of Christ with the Elijah Message still believe that a temple will be reared on the Temple Lot , but it will not be like any of the LDS or Community of Christ temples currently in use .
In verse 6 of their twelfth message , Otto Fetting quoted John the Baptist as saying that Joseph Smith had indeed been a true prophet , but that they `` sinned before God '' due to `` pride , and the love and praise of men '' . `` Much of their work has been destroyed '' , wrote Fetting , `` but they will be saved as by fire , and will be numbered with the prophets of old '' . Accordingly , the Elijah Message church respects Joseph Smith as a prophet but does not necessarily accept all of their teachings . In verse 1 of their first message , Fetting 's heavenly envoy commanded that the `` Articles of Faith and Practice '' of the Temple Lot organization ( of which Fetting was then still an apostle ) were to remain unchanged , `` because the Lord inspired the men that wrote them '' . Hence , these remain the same in the Elijah Message organization , as well as within all Fettingite sects .
See also
Factional breakdown : Followers of Granville Hedrick
References
External links
Church of Christ with the Elijah Message - The Assured Way of the Lord . Official church website of The Church of Christ with the Elijah Message - The Assured Way of the Lord , Inc . Contains The Word of the Lord Brought to Mankind by an Angel in 4 languages .
Church of Christ with the Elijah Message . Official church website of The Church of Christ with the Elijah Message , Inc . Contains The Word of the Lord Brought to Mankind by an Angel .
Church of Christ - `` The Church with the Elijah Message '' - Established Anew in 1929 . Official church website of The Church of Christ - `` The Church with the Elijah Message '' - Established Anew in 1929 . Contains The Word of the Lord Brought to Mankind by an Angel .
The Church of Christ ( Temple Lot ) , and Their Quest to Build a Temple in Zion , by R. Jean Adams . Overview of the efforts to build a temple during the '20s and '30s , including Fetting and their messages .
Testimonies of Otto Fetting and William A. Draves . Includes photos of each man .
1939 establishments in Missouri
Christian denominations established in the 20th century
Churches in Independence , Missouri
Hedrickite denominations in the Latter Day Saint movement
Latter Day Saint movement in Missouri
Organizations based in Missouri
Christian organizations established in 1939
The geography of southern California refers to the geography of southern California in the United States .
Climate
Despite the popular image of California as a place of sunshine and perfect weather , the local climate can be very diverse , with some areas experiencing more extreme conditions . However , the weather in the region is usually mild , especially in the winter , and dry , with rainfall ranging from moderate in the coastal regions to almost none at all in the desert .
Around the coastal areas , the weather does not vary as dramatically as it does inland . Climate is affected by factors such as latitude , topography , and proximity to water masses - primarily the Pacific Ocean , and southern California 's mountain ranges . The Transverse Ranges and the Peninsular Ranges are key players in the region 's climate .
Essentially , the mountain ranges separate southern California into two distinct climatic regions : The heavy-populated coastal area west of these mountains is the one most associated with the term `` southern California '' and is characterized by pleasant weather all-year round , without frequent heat spells in the summer and without low temperatures in winter . By comparison , the area east of the ranges , between the mountains and the borders with Nevada and Arizona , is dominated by the Sonoran Desert and the Mojave Desert and tends to be more arid and register more extreme temperatures in both summer and winter .
Low clouds and fog
This is a common weather prediction for southern California . Due to the topographic features and proximity to the Pacific , southern California has its share of both low clouds and fog .
Coastal fogs are frequently generated by interaction between seasonal inversion layers and the coastal marine layer , and may reach as far inland as 20 miles , butting up against inland mountains or coastal mountain ranges . While fog generally is the collection of water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the air at or near the Earth 's surface , southern California 's fog varies from the light 'ground fogs ' to a dense almost `` Tule fog '' ( pronounced ˈtuːliː fog ) in the Winter and Spring , depending on the interaction of cold air brought down from the local mountains and the warmer ocean air masses .
However , over the last few decades , clouds have become less prevalent on the coast , due to urban heat and climate change . When compared with data from the 1970s , scientists discovered that the stratus cloud cover has decreased between 25 % and 50 % .
`` May Gray '' and `` June Gloom ''
In contrast with the sunny summer , late spring in southern California is often overcast . This period , known to the locals as `` May Gray '' and `` June Gloom '' , dims the coastal skies of sunny southern California . During this time , the coastal clouds may remain all day , but often give way to some hazy afternoon sunshine . The number of gloomy days during this period vary from year to year . Years with warmer ocean temperatures , influenced by the broader El Niño weather pattern , may result in fewer gray days in June , whereas the cooler ocean temperatures associated with a La Niña pattern , usually foretell more gray days in the season .
Wildfires
Because of the hot , dry and windy nature of southern California , wildfires are common . While most of them only affect small areas , wildfire can quickly get out of control and spread across large areas of woodland , particularly when fanned by the Santa Ana winds . Hot and extremely dry , they are also known as `` Devil winds '' , and descend on the coastal region from the continental interior of the American West , increasing in temperature as they approach the ocean .
Because natural wildfires are more likely to appear towards the end of long , dry summers , they have become a more serious problem in recent years because of climate change , which makes wildfires increasingly larger and more frequent . Climate change has also widened the wildfire `` season '' from a few summer months to virtually the entire year . At the same time , climate scientists are expecting that climate change will diminish the strength of the Santa Ana winds , potentially limiting its role in spreading wildfires .
Physical geography
Other than the Pacific Coast , the Transverse Ranges and the Peninsular Ranges are the two most important physical landscapes in the region . Both ranges have their particular characteristics , from the trend of the mountains , to the different climates within each range .
Transverse Ranges
The Transverse Ranges is a unique set of mountain ranges in California . They are the only mountain ranges that run west to east , as opposed to the rest of California 's ranges that run north to south . These mountain ranges run from Santa Barbara County into San Bernardino County . They derive the name Transverse Ranges due to their east-west orientation , making them transverse to the general north-south orientation of most of California 's coastal mountain ranges .
Climate
The Transverse Ranges experience temperature differences from winter to summer of about . One factor contributing to this variability is the distance from the ocean : the eastern part of the Transverse Ranges is furthest from the coast and has the most drastic temperature variation , whereas the western part is closest to the ocean and therefore has less variance .
The amount of precipitation of any area is affected by elevation , and topography influences temperature within elevation ranges . The higher the elevation , the lower the temperatures , and with lower temperatures come increased precipitation . The highest point of the Ranges is Mt . San Gorgonio ( 11,503 feet ) in the San Bernardino Mountains at the eastern end of the Ranges . The southeastern part of the Transverse Ranges can be considered to have a desert climate . Mountain ranges can cause a rain shadow effect , when air flow inland from the ocean and it rises , it begins to cool and after it reaches the other side of the mountain it becomes warm and evaporates . This is one of the reasons for the dry conditions in the Transverse Ranges that are furthest from the coast . The Ranges are also affected by the Santa Ana winds , a regional wind system created when air is forced from a high pressure to a low pressure , causing air to move from inland towards the ocean . These dry winds usually originate at the eastern end of the Ranges .
Geology
The San Andreas Fault and many other faults run through the Transverse Ranges . Because of this , this area is one of the most geologically active regions in California , with surface changes from fractions of an inch to six feet . Sedimentary rocks from the late Mesozoic era and early Cenozoic era are found in the western part of the region . Near the eastern ranges , such as the San Bernardino Mountains , metamorphic rocks that resemble rocks of the Sierra Nevada can be found .
Composite ranges
These east-to-west running ranges include a variety of different mountains . Some mountains are steep like the San Gabriel Mountains . Other areas of the Transverse Ranges have a very low elevation like the Mojave Desert . The mountains range comprising the Transverse ranges include :
Santa Ynez Mountains
San Rafael Mountains
Sierra Madre Mountains
Topatopa Mountains
Santa Susana Mountains
Simi Hills
Chalk Hills
Santa Monica Mountains
San Gabriel Mountains
San Rafael Hills
Puente Hills
San Jose Hills
San Bernardino Mountains
Little San Bernardino Mountains
Tehachapi Mountains
Sierra Pelona Mountains
San Emigdio Mountains
Urban interaction
People have taken full advantage of the Transverse Ranges . The Ranges create a number of coastal plains and valleys which have become densely populated because of their prime living conditions . These valleys include Oxnard Plain , San Fernando Valley , Simi Valley , San Gabriel Valley , and the Inland Valley . The mountain ranges create recreation and living areas and have several ski resorts and provide several hiking and off-road vehicle use areas . Many people reside in the hills of the Transverse Ranges , where they may work locally or commute to work in more populated areas 'down the hill . ' Such communities provide an alternative to city and suburban living in southern California .
Peninsular Ranges
The Peninsular Ranges are a group of mountain ranges in the Pacific Coast Ranges , which stretch over 900 miles from southern California in the United States to the southern tip of Mexico 's Baja California peninsula . They are part of the North American Coast Ranges that run along the Pacific coast from Alaska to Mexico . Elevations range from 500 ft to 11,500 ft ( 150 m to 3,500 m ) and vegetation in these ranges varies from coastal sage scrub to chaparral , and from oak woodland to conifer forest .
The Peninsular Ranges of southern California include the Santa Ana Mountains , San Jacinto Mountains , and the Laguna Mountains . The Peninsular Ranges of Baja California include the Sierra Juarez , Sierra San Pedro Martir , Sierra de la Giganta , and Sierra de la Laguna . These ranges run from north to south .
The Santa Ana Mountains are the largest natural landscape along the coast of southern California . These mountains peak at about 5,689 feet , on Santiago Peak . This range starts in the north , in the Corona area heading southeast of the Puente Hills region .
The San Jacinto Mountains are located in the desert areas in the north and east side of southern California . They peak at about 10,833 feet . They run from the San Bernardino Mountains southeast to the Santa Rosa Mountains . This mountain range is the northernmost part of the Peninsular Range .
The Santa Rosa Mountains are located at the southern end of the San Jacinto Mountains , where they connect to it . The range extends for approximately 30 miles ( 48 km ) through Riverside , San Diego and Imperial counties , along the western side of the Coachella Valley , where they bound the Anza-Borrego portion of the Colorado Desert . The highest peak in the range is Toro Peak ( 8,717 feet ) .
The Laguna Mountains are located in the eastern part of San Diego County . They range northwest to southeast for approximately 20 miles and peak at Cuyapaipe Mountain ( 6,378 feet ) . These mountains extend northwest about 35 mi ( 56 km ) from the Mexican border at the Sierra de Juárez . The Sonora Desert lies to the east and the Santa Rosa Mountains are to the northwest .
Climate
As with the Transverse Ranges , areas along the coast tend to have less temperature variation than do inland areas . The Peninsular Ranges also form a rain shadow on the Colorado Desert region of California and on much of the larger Sonora Desert . The ranges are affected by the marine layer that provides cooling temperatures and fog , and rainfall varies seasonally with tropical storm activity .
References
Geography of California
Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche ( ) ( born 1963 ) is a Tibetan lama , teacher , and author in the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism . They are the founder of the Dzogchen Centre Belgium , a branch of the Dzogchen Monastery in Tibet .
Biography
Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche was born close to Rutam Orgyen Samten Chöling ( Dzogchen Monastery ) in the centre of Kham , Eastern Tibet , in 1963 . Their mother hailed from the family of their previous incarnation . Their father was called Drupa . As a child they demonstrated excellent abilities in learning quickly and effortlessly . They began their studies at Dzogchen Monastery where they were also trained in Tantric rituals and assigned to the position of chöchen , the great chöpon . At that time they participated in reconstructing Dzogchen Monastery by drawing , painting and making masks .
Later they continued their studies at Dzogchen Shri Singha University where they studied the traditional Tibetan curriculum from the practices of the three bases of discipline to the highest Tantras . They engaged in the practice of listening , reflecting and meditating through which they gained knowledge of great Indian commentaries and gained meditative experience . Through the practice of discipline they tamed their mindstream .
Among their teachers were great masters such as Khenchen Dechen Namdröl , Khenchen Pema Tsewang , Drukpa Rinpoche Thupten Nyima , Kyabje Pema Kalzang Rinpoche and Kyabje Alak Zenkar Rinpoche .
Patrul Rinpoche continued their career of enlightened activity in Drupong Dzogchen monastery ( Dzogchen Monastery in southern India ) where they taught as a Khenpo for four years . While there , they founded a Dharma Centre of the Nyingthik Diamond Vehicle . At that time , Choktrul Sogyal Rinpoche bestowed them the title of supreme Dorje Lopön ( master of ritual ) and requested them to remain in the external seat of the Dzogchen Monastery for a long time .
Also at that time , Minling Trichen Gyurme Kunzong Ongyal and Shapchoke Dzogchen Rinpoche announced that they were a true reincarnation of the former tulku and offered them the crown title of holder of the teachings of Drupe Ongshuk Gyalwa Dzogchenpa .
Recognition and Enthronement
Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche was officially recognised as the fourth reincarnation of Dza Patrul Rinpoche ( third reincarnation of Ranyak Patrul ) on 7 April 1997 by Mindrolling Trichen Rinpoche , then head of the Nyingma school . In this letter was also an acknowledgement that there would be obstacles to Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche 's activity and Mindrolling Trichen Rinpoche specified the practices that should be performed in Dzogchen . Dzogchen Jikme Losal Wangpo Rinpoche ( the current reincarnation of Dzogchen Rinpoche ) wrote a letter containing an aspiration prayer for the development of Patrul Rinpoche 's activities for the benefit of the teachings and all beings . In 1999 , the 14th Dalai Lama wrote a letter supporting Mindrolling Trichen Rinpoche 's recognition letter .
Kyabje Pema Kalzang Rinpoche performed the enthronement ceremony in Brussels , Belgium , on 11 June 2000 , and wrote a letter to say that Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche was one of the Dzogchen teachers from Tibet and that they acted as the representative of all the other Dzogchen masters of the Dzogchen Valley who could not be present on that day . Tulku Dakpa Rinpoche was also present .
Altruistic Projects
In the West , Patrul Rinpoche has continued their activities to benefit beings and disseminate the Buddha 's teachings around the world . Their projects include :
Zangdok Palri Institute in the West - runs two types of courses : a six-year degree course for Dzogchen practitioners and a non-degree course in general Buddhist studies .
Zangdok Palri Temple in Tibet - is a preservation project for Tibetan culture and religion . Inaugurated in 2010 .
Sambhota Primary School - provides basic education to children from poor families .
Sambhota Translation Group - preservation , translation and distribution of buddhist teachings , especially from the Longchen Nyingthik cycle .
Wisdom Treasury Publishing House - prints a large number of Tibetan Buddhist texts , especially from the Longchen Nyingthik cycle , in Tibetan and Western languages .
In addition to teachings and drupchens at the Zangdok Palri Institute , Patrul Rinpoche travels the entire year , giving teachings at their Semrig Centers in Europe ( Belgium , Bulgaria , Denmark , Georgia , Germany , Latvia , Luxembourg , Netherlands , Poland , Portugal , Russia , Sweden , Switzerland , Ukraine , United Kingdom ) and Asia ( Japan ) .
Publications
In English :
Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche , The True Words of the Great Rishi , Brussels , Belgium : Wisdom Treasury , 2008
Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche , The Jewel Staircase to Liberation : A Brief Preliminary Practice , Brussels , Belgium : Wisdom Treasury , 2012
Dzogchen Practitioners ' Six-Year Course series :
Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche , Searching for Self-Liberation , Brussels , Belgium : Wisdom Treasury , 2006 ( First year book )
Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche , Self-Liberation of Great Beings , Brussels , Belgium : Wisdom Treasury , 2006 ( Second year book )
Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche , Great Oral Transmission of Self-Liberation , Brussels , Belgium : Wisdom Treasury , 2012 ( Third year book )
In Russian :
Дзогчен Раньяк Патрул Ринпоче , Истинные Слова Великого Риши , Brussels , Belgium : Wisdom Treasury , 2008
References
External links
Official homepage
Zangdok Palri Institute
RTS Swiss TV : Documentary film by Chloé Cramer about inauguration of Zangdok Palri Temple in Tibet by Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche
TeleBrussels : interview with Dzogchen Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche
1963 births
Living people
Nyingma lamas
Nyingma tulkus
Rinpoches
Tibetan writers
Tibetan Buddhism writers
20th-century lamas
Dzogchen lamas
106 & Park is an American hip hop and R & B music video show , set up in a countdown format , that was broadcast on weekdays at 6:00 pm ET/5:00 pm CT on BET ; it aired on a one-day delay on BET International . It was the network 's highest-rated show throughout its run . On November 14 , 2014 , BET cancelled 106 & Park , with an alleged shift to a digital-only format , with occasional specials during network event programming , though the last time it was seen in any form was the 2016 BET Experience , and the digital-only program never aired .
Location
The show was originally produced in Harlem , New York City , and the title of the show is derived from the original studio location , NEP 's Metropolis Studios , at East 106th Street and Park Avenue . In 2001 , Viacom 's acquisition of BET prompted a change to the CBS Broadcast Center at 524 West 57th Street between 10th & 11th Avenues , in the Hell 's Kitchen section of Midtown Manhattan , turning its title into a misnomer for the rest of its history .
Hosts
A. J . & Free ( 2000–2005 )
A. J. Calloway and Marie `` Free '' Wright were the original hosts of the show from September 11 , 2000 until July 28 , 2005 , when Calloway announced that it would be their last show , as well as for Free ( who spoke via phone ) , as the show was either presented by Calloway or Wright .
Julissa & Big Tigger ( 2005–2006 )
On August 1 , 2005 106 & Park presented by television personality and model Julissa Bermudez and Rap City : Tha Basement '' 's Big Tigger until July 3 , 2006 as temporary replacements for the show until they find another female co-host for Terrence J . Around this time , Terrence J would be guest co-host the show with Julissa . Celebrities ( Bow Wow and Mýa ) hosted the show as well .
Terrence J & Rocsi ( 2006–2012 )
On July 6 , 2006 , Rocsi ( Raquel Diaz ) , then an afternoon host for Chicago 's radio station WPWX ( 92.3 ) , and Terrence J ( Terrence Jenkins ) became the hosts after winning BET 's `` New Faces '' contest . On May 29 , 2012 , Rocsi and Terrence J announced they would be leaving 106 & Park in 2012 . Thus beginning a nationwide search for the next hosts of 106 & Park , which has been active since June 1 , 2012 and ended on October 1 , 2012 . Terrence J and Rocsi 's last episode as hosts was broadcast on September 28 , 2012 . The announcement for the new hosts of 106 & Park was broadcast on Monday .
The highly anticipated farewell episode aired on September 28 , 2012 , and was hosted by La La Anthony and Pooch Hall . In the taped video messages , several celebrities wish their farewell for Terrence J and Rocsi . They included Jim Jones , French Montana , Julissa and Big Tigger , 2 Chainz , Ace Hood , Alicia Keys , Amar ' e Stoudemire , Big Sean , B.o.B , Bobby V. , Brandy Norwood , Busta Rhymes , Cassidy , Ciara , Common , Doug E. Fresh , DMX , Dwyane Wade , Elle Varner , E-40 , Future , Jacob Latimore , Keke Palmer , Mary J. Blige , MGK , Mike Epps , Ne-Yo , Shannon Brown and Monica , Stalley , Rick Ross , Robin Thicke , T.I. , Wyclef Jean and Bow Wow .
Bow Wow & `` The Search '' ( 2012–2013 )
On October 1 , 2012 , the new hosts for 106 & Park were announced , including Shad `` Bow Wow '' Moss , Jordan `` Shorty da Prince '' Johnson , Kimberly `` Paigion '' Walker and Mykel `` Miss Mykie '' Gray . For the first time in the show 's 12-year history , there were officially four hosts for 106 & Park , instead of two . On January 15 , 2013 , 106 & Park revealed a new set , graphics , logo , and theme music . On January 23 , 2013 , former host Rocsi Diaz made an unannounced appearance on the show . New segments included `` The Mykie Report '' , `` The Battle of the Sexes '' , `` Girl Chat '' , `` Inside the Rapper 's Studio '' , `` Virtually Famous '' and other shows with 106 & Park guest correspondent `` Franky J '' in future works . On July 3 , 2013 , after several weeks of rumors and speculation about the fates of Johnson , Walker and Gray returning to the show , BET released a statement confirming the news that they would not return to the show . The hosts had never appeared on the show in the nearly two months since May 2013 . Bow Wow remained as a permanent host on the show with Angela Simmons serving as a temporary co-host for the summer , their last day was on September 30 , 2013 , along with special guest co-hosts such as Adrienne Bailon .
Bow Wow & Keshia Chanté ( 2013–2014 )
On September 27 , 2013 , Canadian rapper Drake made the official announcement that Bow Wow would be joined by another Canadian Keshia Chanté as the official new co-host , who would officially start on October 1 , 2013 . On November 14 , 2014 , BET cancelled 106 & Park . The series aired its final episode on December 19 , 2014 .
Broadcasting history
The show launched as an hour-long show before expanding to 90 minutes in 2001 . In 2008 , the show was expanded to two hours , with occasional 90-minute episodes during event weeks . The show celebrated its 2,000th episode on August 20 , 2008 . From July 25 , 2011 , to September 2 , 2011 , the show was expanded to three hours .
The show 's 10th anniversary special was on October 6 , 2010 . The previous hosts A. J. Calloway & Free ( original ; 2000–2005 ) , Julissa & Big Tigger ( 2005–2006 ) returned to the show to celebrate along with current hosts Terrence J and Rocsi .
The show 's final episode ( `` The Final Act '' ) was on December 19 , 2014 . The previous hosts A. J. Calloway & Free ( original ; 2000–2005 ) , Julissa & Big Tigger ( 2005–2006 ) , Terrence J & Rocsi ( 2006–2012 ) and Shorty da Prince , Paigion and Miss Mykie of `` The Search '' ( 2012–2013 ) returned to the show to honor with current hosts Bow Wow and Keisha Chanté with a special guest appearance by Keyshia Cole .
BET Experience
The show returned during the 2015 BET Experience from Los Angeles . It was hosted by Ray J and Tinashe on June 26 , 2015 , and Yara Shahidi , Marcus Scribner and Keshia Chanté on June 27 , 2015 . It returned again in 2016 for the last time .
106 & Park Video Hall of Fame
As with TRLs `` Retirement Home '' , a video which appeared on the countdown sixty-five times would be retired from further countdown consideration and be placed into the `` 106 & Park Video Hall of Fame '' . This normally occurred frequently , and earned Bow Wow the permanent title of Mr. 106 & Park , and Aaliyah ( died in 2001 ) the permanent title of Miss 106 & Park for having the most # 1 's of their respective genders . The final video to be retired was `` Ridin ' '' by Chamillionaire featuring Krayzie Bone on December 19 , 2014 .
Reception
In 2016 , a New York Times study of the 50 TV shows with the most Facebook likes to found that 106 & Park '' `` is popular in the New York metro area , generally ''
See also
106 & Gospel
Freestyle Friday
References
External links
106 & Park Connect
2000 American television series debuts
2000s American music television series
2010s American music television series
2014 American television series endings
BET original programming
English-language television shows
Hip hop television
Pop music television series
Percy Morris ( 6 October 1893 – 7 March 1967 ) was a British railway clerk , trade unionist and politician who became Mayor of Swansea and represented the town in Parliament . They specialised in railway issues in Parliament , and after being defeated for re-election , they served on public boards in the field of transport and social security .
Railway clerk
Morris was born in Swansea , one of ten children of Thomas , an Engineman at the local Copper Works and their wife Emma . They attended Manselton Elementary School followed by Dynevor Secondary School . On leaving school in 1908 they joined the administrative staff of the Great Western Railway . They joined the Railway Clerks ' Association of Great Britain and Ireland and became an active trade unionist . While they were still in their teens , they became involved in the political Labour movement and was said to be `` in much demand '' as a public speaker . They became a member of the executive committee of the Railway Clerks ' Association in 1930 .
1935 election
In 1927 Morris was elected to Swansea County Borough Council , on which they became chair of the Parliamentary Committee . They were selected in January 1934 to be the prospective Labour Party candidate for Swansea West after the previous candidate was made a Judge . When the general election campaign started Morris was gloomy about the economic prospects of Swansea which they saw losing out to Ebbw Vale in tinplate manufacture . Morris cut the majority of the sitting Liberal National MP from 6,016 to 2,081 in the election .
Civil defence in wartime
Morris was chosen as an Alderman of Swansea and became a Justice of the Peace on the local bench in 1939 . As chairperson of Swansea A.R.P . committee in 1941 , they were presented to the King and Queen when they visited Swansea . At the end of July they were appointed Deputy Regional Commissioner for Civil Defence in the Wales Region . They were also made President of the Railway Clerk 's Association in 1943 ( a post they held for ten years , including after the merger in which it became the Transport Salaried Staffs ' Association ) , and served as Deputy Mayor of Swansea from 1944 to 1945 .
As the war came to an end , Morris resigned their Civil Defence post , in order to fight for election in Swansea West in the 1945 general election . Although reports during the campaign suggested that the sitting member felt their campaign was successful , on polling day Morris was returned with a majority of 5,009 .
Railway nationalisation
Morris made their maiden speech in November 1945 , urging that the Government persuade both the United States and Soviet Union to discard the atomic bomb . They backed a rebel amendment to the loyal address in reply to the King 's Speech in November 1946 , opposing the operation of conscription in peace-time. , although they welcomed the nationalisation of the railways , saying that the big four railway companies had `` brought their difficulties on themselves by their stubborn neglect of the public interest '' .
In February 1947 , Morris again broke the whip to oppose a government amendment which allowed civic restaurants to sell alcoholic drinks , and to support an amendment to prevent their sale in Wales . They opposed the National Service Bill in 1947 which continued civilian conscription , and then voted to support rebel amendments to restrict conscription to England only , or to remove Wales .
Railway finances
Morris suffered a reduction in their majority to 3,665 at the 1950 general election . They pressed in the new Parliament for increased charges or subsidy to the railways in order to have industrial peace . In 1951 they criticised an opposition motion which called for increased railway charges to be annulled , arguing that the new charges on their own would not solve the problem . They stated that if the increased charges were rejected , then Labour members would recast the entire financial structure of the railway industry . At this time they were reckoned an ally of Herbert Morrison in the Labour Party .
In opposition
At the 1951 general election Morris ' majority was again reduced to 2,160 . They criticised the new Conservative Government 's approach to railways , describing the Transport Bill introduced in 1952 as giving the Minister powers that would `` make them the virtual dictator of transport '' and `` the Führer of British transport '' . They carried their opposition through the Bill 's Parliamentary stages and after it had come into force they said they believed it had been prompted by the Government 's need to repay a political debt to the Road Haulage Association . Morris pledged that a Labour government would renationalise road haulage when it got the opportunity .
Morris was the lead speaker for the opposition in a debate on the tinplate industry in January 1953 , in which they called for a full-time Minister for Wales instead of it being one of the responsibilities of the Home Secretary . In September 1953 they brokered a solution to a dispute between Swansea market meat traders and the Ministry of Food over the distribution of 30 sides of fat beef . In 1954 they were one of five Members of Parliament to tour British colonial territories in the far east .
Marginal seat
After a minor boundary revision , Morris had a difficult fight at the 1955 general election in which for the first time their opponent was a Conservative without affiliation to the National Liberal Party . The redevelopment of Swansea town centre was reckoned to help the Conservatives , although some large council housing estates had been built . Morris was chosen as Mayor of the town shortly before the election , and on polling day they retained their seat with the slender majority of 1,021 .
As Mayor of Swansea , Morris politely deferred to Cardiff which was applying for recognition as the capital of Wales . They became increasing interested in local government issues , especially finance , and in 1957 criticized the block grant system for neglecting education funding .
Swansea Castle
In April 1957 Morris was ordered to pay £1,350 damages to a pedestrian whom they had knocked down on a zebra crossing while driving their car . Morris remained an active member of Swansea council and in July 1957 as chairperson of the Parliamentary Committee , they pressed the Minister of Works to remove Swansea Castle from the list of ancient monuments . They argued that the castle was a `` shambles '' and that the council did not have the money to pay for its repair , but redevelopment of the site was in the town 's interests . In 1958 they were made a Freeman of the County Borough of Swansea .
Defeat
For the 1959 general election , Morris ' seat was one of the most high-profile marginal seats in the country . They had Aneurin Bevan to open their campaign , and attacked the Conservative Government for increasing unemployment . However , the Conservatives also had high-profile support including from Prime Minister Harold Macmillan . Local people were thought to be against nationalisation and Swansea Council had embarked on a controversial plan of comprehensive education to which Morris was tied by virtue of their high rank within the council leadership . An energetic young Conservative candidate , Hugh Rees defeated Morris by 403 votes .
Morris remained Chairman of the Parliamentary Committee on Swansea County Borough Council . Immediately after the election one Labour Alderman moved a motion protesting against remarks by Field-Marshal Lord Montgomery who had questioned the sanity of people who intended to vote for the Labour Party . Morris argued that as Montgomery `` had had the grace to apologise , the committee should have equal grace to accept the apology '' .
National Assistance Board
In early 1960 Morris was appointed to the Western Area Board of the British Transport Commission , and announced that they would not stand to try to regain their seat in Parliament . At the end of the year , they were also appointed to the National Assistance Board , and was reappointed for a further term two years later . In January 1965 they were promoted to be Deputy Chairman of the Board . When the National Assistance Board was replaced by the Supplementary Benefits Commission in 1966 , Morris retained their position ; they were also a member of the council of University College , Swansea .
Personal
Morris married , first , in 1920 Elizabeth , daughter of William Davies . They and Morris 's sister and brother-in-law , were killed during the German bombing of Swansea in January 1941 . They married , second , in 1956 Catherine Evans , Matron of Morriston Hospital . Their home was at Lôn Cedwyn , Sketty , Swansea . They died on 7 March 1967 .
References
1893 births
1967 deaths
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Councillors in Wales
Welsh Labour Party MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Swansea constituencies
Politicians from Swansea
Presidents of the Transport Salaried Staffs ' Association
Transport Salaried Staffs ' Association-sponsored MPs
UK MPs 1945–1950
UK MPs 1950–1951
UK MPs 1951–1955
UK MPs 1955–1959
Mayors of Swansea
Civil Defence Service personnel
Halfhill is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Albert P. Halfhill ( 1847–1924 ) , American groceryman and food manufacturer
Garrett Halfhill ( born 1993 ) , American soccer player
Taylor Elizabeth Louderman ( born December 21 , 1990 ) is an American actor , singer , and dancer . They are best known for originating the role of Regina George in the Broadway musical Mean Girls , for which they were nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical in 2018 .
Early life and education
Louderman was born in Madison , Wisconsin , and then raised in Bourbon , Missouri , a small town 60 miles southwest of St. Louis , Missouri . They are the eldest daughter of Roger and Suzanne Louderman and has four sisters , Hannah , Olivia , Morgan , and Madison .
In 2001 , at the age of 10 , they were cast in the title role of Annie at Ozark Actors Theatre in Rolla , Missouri .
They graduated from Sullivan High School and then attended the University of Michigan for two years before leaving the program to star as Campbell in the touring production of Bring It On : The Musical . In 2020 , they earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Liberal Arts from The New School .
Career
After their sophomore year at the University of Michigan , Louderman appeared as Margot in 2011 production of Legally Blonde at The Muny in St. Louis , Missouri . It was during this time they learned they had been cast as the lead role of Campbell in the touring production of Bring It On : The Musical . After its national tour , the show then transferred to Broadway in 2012 with Louderman , making their Broadway debut .
Louderman then appeared as Wendy Darling in NBC 's 2014 live production of the musical Peter Pan .
They were next seen on Broadway in January 2017 , taking over the role of Lauren in Kinky Boots .
Louderman starred as Regina George in the Tony Award-nominated Broadway musical , Mean Girls , written by Tina Fey with music and lyrics by Jeff Richmond and Nell Benjamin , respectively . The show had its world premiere as an out-of-town tryout at the National Theatre in Washington , D.C. , from October 31 , 2017 , to December 3 , 2017 , in which Louderman originated the role of Regina George . The musical , which is based on the film of the same name , began previews on March 12 , 2018 , and officially opened on Broadway on April 8 , 2018 , at the August Wilson Theatre in New York City . They received nominations for numerous awards for this role , including nominations for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical , the Drama League Award , and an Outer Critics Circle Award . Louderman announced via their Instagram that they would be departing Mean Girls on September 8 , 2019 .
In March 2019 , it was reported that Louderman landed a leading role in a new CBS show , The Emperor of Malibu .
As part of The Muny 's 101st season , Louderman reprised their role as Lauren in Kinky Boots in June 2019 . Calvin Wilson , writing for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , wrote of their performance : `` ... In a role that 's too small for their talent , Louderman is a sheer delight . ''
In July 2019 , Louderman announced via their Instagram that , following the conclusion of their current projects , they would be taking a hiatus from performing to focus on writing , teaching , and producing . Posting on July 12 , they captioned a photo of themselves as Regina George with : `` ... I have to be honest .. though I ask for forgiveness for expressing this if it 's not what you want to hear ... I am ready . I am sad being in these shoes most days ... still very grateful , but to the younger version of myself who dreamt this all up , I love you , please forgive me and thank you . ''
In February 2021 , Louderman joined the cast of the NBC sitcom Kenan , playing the recurring role of Tami Greenlake .
Personal life
On December 24 , 2019 , Louderman was engaged to their boyfriend , Brooks Toth . On June 15 , 2020 , they announced on their Instagram account that they and Toth were married at Jupiter Lighthouse Park in Florida .
Louderman announced in August 2022 that they and Toth would be expecting their first child to arrive later that year .
Theatre credits
•
Filmography
Film
Television
Discography
Cast recordings and soundtracks
Bring It On : The Musical – Original Broadway Cast Recording ( 2012 )
Peter Pan Live ! – Soundtrack from the NBC television event ( 2014 )
Life of an Actress : The Musical – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack ( 2015 )
Mean Girls – Original Broadway Cast Recording ( 2018 )
Collaborative projects
Broadway 's Carols for a Cure , Volume 14 ( 2012 )
Broadway 's Carols for a Cure , Volume 20 ( 2018 )
As featured artist
`` Rockin ' Around the Pole '' by The Hot Elves ( 2018 )
`` Break From The Line '' by Joey Contreras ( 2019 )
`` Little Miss Perfect '' by Joriah Kwamé ( 2019 )
Awards and nominations
References
External links
American stage actores
Living people
Actors from Madison , Wisconsin
University of Michigan alumni
American television actores
21st-century American actores
Actresses from St. Louis
1990 births
`` Wild West Show '' is a debut song co-written and recorded by American country music duo Big & Rich . It was released in December 2003 as the first single from their debut album Horse of a Different Color . It reached No . 21 on the U.S . Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks ( now Hot Country Songs ) charts . The song was written by Big Kenny , John Rich and Blair Daly .
Content
The song uses 19th-century Western imagery to describe an argument between a man and a woman ( `` It was a big showdown / Oh yeah , we stood our ground / Shot out the lights , it got a little crazy '' ) . The song also talks about forgiveness and a relationship .
Critical reception
Chuck Eddy of The Village Voice wrote that the song `` mixes a placid keyboard intro , spacious spaghetti-western guitars , and Andes flute solos into a tepee-and-peace-pipe lyric that repeatedly chants 'hey yaaaa ! ' '' Deborah Evans Price of Billboard magazine also gave it a positive review , saying that it has a `` very distinct vibe '' , also calling it `` hauntingly beautiful '' and saying that it had `` quirky Western imagery '' .
Personnel
From Horse of a Different Color liner notes .
Big Kenny - vocals
Dennis Burnside - keyboards
Mike Johnson - steel guitar
Wayne Killius - drums , shaker , peanut can
Duncan Mullins - bass guitar
John Rich - acoustic guitar , vocals
Adam Shoenfeld - electric guitar
Nicole Summers - flute
Chart positions
References
2003 debut singles
2003 songs
Big & Rich songs
Songs written by Blair Daly
Songs written by Big Kenny
Songs written by John Rich
Song recordings produced by Paul Worley
Song recordings produced by John Rich
Warner Records singles
There are at least 290 named mountain passes in Montana .
Ahern Pass , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Alder Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Ambrose Saddle , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Antelope Pass , Valley County , Montana , , el .
Antone Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Badger Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Badger Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Bannack Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Bannock Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Battle Ridge Pass , Gallatin County , Montana , , el .
Bear Creek Pass , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Bear Creek Pass , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Bear Creek Saddle , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Beaverhead Canyon Gateway , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Big Hole Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Big Hole Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Bitterroot Pass , Granite County , Montana , , el .
Blacktail Pass , Gallatin County , Montana , location unknown , el .
Blodgett Pass , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Bobcat Pass , Carbon County , Montana , , el .
Bobcat Saddle , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Boulder Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Boulder Pass , Park County , Montana , , el .
Bozeman Pass , Gallatin County , Montana , , el .
Brewster Tyler Saddle , Granite County , Montana , , el .
Brown Pass , Valley County , Montana , , el .
Brown Pass , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Browns Meadow Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Buck Creek Saddle , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Buck Horn Saddle , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Buffalo Horn Pass , Gallatin County , Montana , , el .
Bull of the Woods Pass , Park County , Montana , , el .
Bullion Pass , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
Burr Saddle , Sanders County , Montana , , el .
Burr Saddle , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
Cache Saddle , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
Cadotte Pass , Lewis and Clark County , Montana , , el .
Camp Creek Pass , Powell County , Montana , , el .
Camp Pass , Lewis and Clark County , Montana , , el .
Camps Pass , Powder River County , Montana , , el .
Carney Pass , Lincoln County , Montana , , el .
Cayuse Saddle , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
Champion Pass , Jefferson County , Montana , , el .
Chief Joseph Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Chilcoot Pass , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
Chilkoot Pass , Garfield County , Montana , , el .
Cinnabar Saddle , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Cinnamon Bear Saddle , Granite County , Montana , , el .
Colter Pass , Park County , Montana , , el .
Columbine Pass , Sweet Grass County , Montana , , el .
Comeau Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Cooper Pass , Sanders County , Montana , , el .
Coriacan Defile , Missoula County , Montana , , el .
Crazy Horse Gap , Sheridan County , Montana , , el .
Cube Iron Pass , Sanders County , Montana , , el .
Cut Bank Pass , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Cutaway Pass , Deer Lodge County , Montana , , el .
Daisy Creek Pass , Sanders County , Montana , , el .
Daisy Narrows , Meagher County , Montana , , el .
Daisy Notch , Meagher County , Montana , , el .
Daisy Pass , Park County , Montana , , el .
Daley Gap , Fergus County , Montana , , el .
Daly Pass , Gallatin County , Montana , , el .
Dawson Pass , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Deadman Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Deer Lodge Pass , Silver Bow County , Montana , , el .
Deer Pass , McCone County , Montana , , el .
Duck Creek Pass , Broadwater County , Montana , , el .
Durfee Gap , Fergus County , Montana , , el .
Eagle Pass , Lake County , Montana , ( Salish : nšt̓ew̓s sx̣ʷcusi ) , el .
Eagle Rock Saddle , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
East Fork Pass , Sanders County , Montana , , el .
East Fork Pass , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
Echo Pass , Powell County , Montana , , el .
Elbow Gorge , Teton County , Montana , , el .
Elbow Pass , Lewis and Clark County , Montana , , el .
Elk Horn Pass , Meagher County , Montana , , el .
Elk Park Pass , Silver Bow County , Montana , , el .
Elk Pass , Sanders County , Montana , , el .
Elk Pass , Lake County , Montana , , el .
Elk Pass , Lewis and Clark County , Montana , , el .
Elk Saddle , Judith Basin County , Montana , , el .
Emigrant Gap , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Expedition Pass , Madison County , Montana , , el .
Firebrand Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Flat Creek Pass , Chouteau County , Montana , , el .
Flathead Pass , Gallatin County , Montana , , el .
Flesher Pass , Lewis and Clark County , Montana , , el .
Fred Burr Pass , Granite County , Montana , , el .
Freeman Pass , Lake County , Montana , , el .
Freezeout Pass , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
Gable Pass , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Gaffeney Pass , Sheridan County , Montana , , el .
Game Pass , Granite County , Montana , , el .
Gates of the Rocky Mountains , Lewis and Clark County , Montana , , el .
Gateway Gorge , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Gateway Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Getaway Pass , Lake County , Montana , , el .
Gibbons Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Glidden Pass , Sanders County , Montana , , el .
Goat Pass , Missoula County , Montana , , el .
Goldstone Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Gordon Pass , Missoula County , Montana , , el .
Granite Pass , Missoula County , Montana , , el .
Granulated Pass , Silver Bow County , Montana , , el .
Griffin Pass , Powder River County , Montana , , el .
Guide Saddle , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Gunsight Pass , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Hagen Gap , Garfield County , Montana , , el .
Hahn Creek Pass , Powell County , Montana , , el .
Haines Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Half Moon Pass , Fergus County , Montana , , el .
Hardrobe Water Gap , Big Horn County , Montana , , el .
Haskell Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Hatcher Pass , Carbon County , Montana , , el .
Haymaker Narrows , Wheatland County , Montana , , el .
Headquarters Creek Pass , Teton County , Montana , , el .
Hell Gate , McCone County , Montana , , el .
Hellroaring Pass , Lake County , Montana , , el .
Hidden Lake Pass , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Himes Pass , Sanders County , Montana , , el .
Holloman Saddle , Missoula County , Montana , , el .
Homestake Pass , Jefferson County , Montana , , el .
Hoodoo Pass , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
Hoodoo Pass , Madison County , Montana , , el .
Horse Creek Pass , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Hungry Creek Pass , McCone County , Montana , , el .
Iceberg Notch , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Inspiration Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Inuya Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Jefferson Pass , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Joan Creek Pass , Sanders County , Montana , , el .
Jordan Pass , Sweet Grass County , Montana , , el .
Kings Hill Pass , Meagher County , Montana , , el .
Klondike Pass , Meagher County , Montana , , el .
Knox Pass , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
Kootenai Narrows , Lincoln County , Montana , , el .
Kootenai Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Larch Hill Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Ledoford Pass , Madison County , Montana , , el .
Lemhi Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Lewis and Clark Pass , Lewis and Clark County , Montana , , el .
Lick Creek Saddle , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Limestone Pass , Powell County , Montana , , el .
Lincoln Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Lion Creek Pass , Flathead County , Montana , , el .
Lions Pass , McCone County , Montana , , el .
Lodgepole Saddle , Granite County , Montana , , el .
Logan Pass , Glacier County , Montana , , el .
Lolo Pass , Missoula County , Montana , , el .
Lone Tree Pass , Beaverhead County , Montana , , el .
Lone Tree Pass , Lake County , Montana , , el .
Lookout Pass , Mineral County , Montana , , el .
Lost Buck Pass , Lincoln County , Montana , , el .
Lost Horse Pass , Ravalli County , Montana , , el .
Low Pass , Deer Lodge County , Montana , , el .
Low Pass , Madison County , Montana , , el .
Lulu Pass , Park County , Montana , , el .
See also
List of mountains in Montana
List of mountain ranges in Montana
Notes
Mountain passes
Montana
Nicholas Romayne ( September 1756 , in Hackensack , New Jersey – 21 July 1817 , in New York City ) was a physician of the United States .
Biography
They were the son of a silversmith , and received great educational advantages . At the beginning of the American Revolutionary War , they went to Edinburgh , where they were known as an able scholar , and took the degree of M.D. , presenting a thesis entitled “ De Generatione Puris , ” which was at one time famous . They subsequently studied in Paris , London , and Leyden , and on their return settled in Philadelphia , and then in New York City , where they practised their profession .
They embarked in the William Blount conspiracy in instigating the Cherokee and Creek Indians to aid the British in their attempt to conquer the Spanish territory in Louisiana in 1797 . They were seized and imprisoned , and subsequently again visited Europe .
They were the first president of the New York Medical Society , and of the New York College of Physicians and Surgeons , of which they were a founder , and in which they taught anatomy and the institutes of medicine . Their students included Valentine Seaman , who mapped the 1795 yellow fever epidemic in New York and introduced the smallpox vaccine to the United States in 1799 . Dr. John W. Francis said of him : “ He was unwearied in toil and of mighty energy , dexterous in legislative bodies , and at one period of their career was vested with almost all the honors the medical profession can bestow . ”
Romayne published an address before the students of the New York College of Physicians and Surgeons on The Ethnology of the Red Man in America ( New York , 1808 ) .
References
1756 births
1817 deaths
18th-century American physicians
People from Hackensack , New Jersey
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
John Ellerton Stocks M.D. , F.L.S ( 1822–1854 ) , was a native of Cottingham in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , who distinguished themselves as a botanist in India .
India
They joined the Bombay Medical Staff in the 1840s . For most part of their service , they were posted in Sind .
Sind
While in Sindh they served as vaccinator and inspector of drugs .
In 1853 , botanist George Bentham published Stocksia , which is a genus of flowering plants from Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan belonging to the family Sapindaceae and named after John Ellerton Stocks .
References
See also
John Ellerton Stock on Wikispecies
1822 births
1854 deaths
People from Cottingham , East Riding of Yorkshire
English botanists
BGIA may refer to :
Ikerasak Heliport by ICAO code
Institute for Occupational Safety and Health of the German Social Accident Insurance
de : BGIA
West Lake ( ) is a human-made recreational lake in Huicheng District of Huizhou , Guangdong , China . West Lake has a combined area of , of which is covered by water . It has been designated as a National AAAAA-level Scenic Spot .
History
During the Eastern Han dynasty ( 25–220 ) , West Lake is a field of wilderness .
In the Eastern Jin dynasty ( 317–420 ) , a Buddhist temple named `` Longxing Temple '' ( ) was built near the lake .
Emperor Xuanzong ( 712–756 ) changed Longxing Temple to `` Kaiyuan Temple '' ( ) in the Tang dynasty ( 618–907 ) . During the reign of Emperor Zhongzong ( 684 ) , Sizhou Tower was completed in West Mountain .
In the Northern Song dynasty ( 960–1127 ) , General Zhang Zhaoyuan ( ) honored the lake as `` Langguan Lake '' ( ) . In 1066 , Magistrate Chen Cheng ( ) enlarged the lake and added several bridges , towers and pavilions , during that time , the lake more commonly known as `` Feng Lake '' ( ; Feng means a bumper harvest . ) In 1094 , Su Shi was exiled to Huizhou , where they lived for three years . Su Shi wrote a lot of poetry about West Lake . In their poem Presenting Tanxiu ( ) , they compared Feng Lake to West Lake in Hangzhou , which became the earliest record of the name of West Lake . In 1096 , the locals erected causeway named `` Su Causeway '' ( ) and the Xixin Bridge ( ) in memory of Su Shi . That same year , Wang Zhaoyun , the most beloved concubine of Su Shi , was buried in the side of West Lake . Su Shi established a pavilion named `` Liuru Pavilion '' ( ) to commemorate them
In 1244 , in the 4th year of Chunyou period of the Southern Song dynasty ( 1127–1279 ) , locals founded the Juxian Hall ( ) within the West Lake , which was renamed `` Fenghu Academy '' ( ) later . It is the highest school during the Ming ( 1368–1644 ) and Qing dynasties ( 1644–1911 ) . Now the Fenghu Academy was rebuilt in 1801 by Magistrate Yi Bingshou ( ) .
From the 1950s to the 1980s , the area of the West Lake has been reduced by 46 % because of real estate development . In 2007 , the Huizhou Municipal Government has allocated 150 million yuan for the reconstruction project . Starting from the 1970s the water quality of the lake has deteriorated due to sewage flowing into its basin , resulting in high concentration of nutrients and eutrophication . However , in 2018 a basin of the lake has been successfully restored , using the method of biomanipulation .
Geography
The West Lake is divided into the South Lake ( ) , Feng Lake ( ) , Ping Lake ( ) , E Lake ( ) and Ling Lake ( ) .
The West Lake is in the subtropical monsoon climate zone , enjoying ample sunshine and abundant precipitation . The highest temperature is , and the lowest temperature is . Its total annual rainfall of .
Tourist attractions
Six lakes
South Lake ( )
Feng Lake ( )
Ping Lake ( )
E Lake ( )
Ling Lake ( )
Honghua Lake ( )
Nine bridges
Gongbei Bridge ( )
Xixin Bridge ( )
Mingsheng Bridge ( )
Yuantong Bridge ( )
Yanxia Bridge ( )
Yingxian Bridge ( )
Jiuqu Bridge ( )
Pipa Bridge ( )
Huazhou Bridge ( )
Natural history
As of 2004 , West Lake has 117 species of phytoplankton , 127 species of plants , 50 species of birds , 50 species of reptiles and amphibians , and over 50 species of fish .
Gallery
References
External links
Lakes of Guangdong
Huizhou
The Parachute Years : 1977–1981 is a compilation album 7-CD box set by John Zorn . It features recordings of Zorn 's game pieces originally released as self-produced albums on the Parachute label as well as previously unreleased performances . All of the discs in this box set have been subsequently given their own releases on Zorn 's Tzadik label .
The first two discs feature Zorn 's 1977 composition Lacrosse . The first disc was recorded at WKCR in June 1978 and features Mark Abbott , Polly Bradfield , Eugene Chadbourne , and LaDonna Smith and Zorn on 6 different takes of `` Lacrosse '' . Takes 3 , 4 and 6 were originally released on the Parachute Records double LP School ( 1978 ) . The second disc is the original recording of `` Lacrosse '' which was made by Eugene Chadbourne , Henry Kaiser , Bruce Ackley , and Zorn ( dubbed `` Twins '' ) in San Francisco , California in June 1977 . The third disc features 17 takes ( four electric and thirteen acoustic ) of the composition Hockey . Five of these takes were first released on vinyl on Parachute Records in 1980 , ( tracks 4-9 ) , along with Pool which features on disc four . The final three discs feature Zorn 's Archery composition in previously unreleased rehearsal takes and versions released on Parachute Records in 1982 .
Reception
The Allmusic review by Joslyn Layne awarded the album 4 stars stating `` This box set is for dedicated fans already intrigued by the early annals of Zorn and their musical game theories . However , Zorn skeptics and listeners with less patience for theory ( or history ) should definitely avoid The Parachute Years . This set will not win anyone over ; nor will the theories become more clear upon listening . The recordings in The Parachute Years helped the participants -- inspired and creative musicians , all -- to grow , but they also have more historical value than listening interest . `` .
The Penguin Guide to Jazz said `` Historically this is arguably as important a set as any Blue Note or Prestige milestone ... one can often hear things in this collection which echo more vividly than much of Zorn 's more obvious 'outrageous ' work '' .
In Jazziz Bruce Carnevale wrote `` This is not `` music '' in terms of traditional rhythm , tonal centres , or anything of that sort . It 's hardly even free jazz . Formed by Zorn 's formal instructions or moves chosen by the player , the recordings collected here present a discontinuous world of discrete sounds . Zorn 's signature jump-cut aesthetic s on display throughout the box . Here , however , a rawness takes form . This music bristles with energy that turns on and off as easily as a light switch '' .
Track listing
Disc one
`` Lacrosse Take 3 '' – 23:06
`` Lacrosse Take 4 '' – 19:06
`` Lacrosse Take 6 '' – 6:20
`` Lacrosse Take 1 '' – 7:01
`` Lacrosse Take 2 '' – 8:08
`` Lacrosse Take 5 '' – 8:16
Disc two
`` Lacrosse Twins Version '' – 29:56
Disc three
`` Hockey ( Electric Version ) : Take 1 '' - 1:13
`` Hockey ( Electric Version ) : Take 2 '' - 3:13
`` Hockey ( Electric Version ) : Take 3 '' - 11:32
`` Hockey ( Electric Version ) : Take 4 '' - 11:23
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 2 '' - 3:43
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 4 '' - 2:14
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 11 '' - 0:55
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 13 '' - 1:02
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 1 '' - 3:10
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 3 '' - 3:16
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 5 '' - 1:08
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 6 '' -1:00
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 7 '' - 1:07
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 8 '' - 0:45
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 9 '' - 1:02
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 10 '' - 1:07
`` Hockey ( Acoustic Version ) : Take 12 '' - 1:17
Disc four
`` Pool '' - 50:45
Disc five
`` Archery Rehearsal : Pt . 1 '' - 32:11
`` Archery Rehearsal : Pt . 2 '' - 16:14
`` Archery Rehearsal : Pt . 3 '' - 28:33
Disc six
`` Archery : A1-D2 '' - 20:35
`` Archery : D3-G1 '' - 20:08
Disc seven
`` Archery : G2-L4 '' - 23:52
`` Archery : L5-O14 '' - 23:30
All compositions by John Zorn
Personnel
Disc One and Two
John Zorn – alto saxophone , clarinet , soprano saxophone , liner notes
Mark Abbott – electronics
Bruce Ackley – soprano saxophone , liner notes
Allen Asaf – engineer
Polly Bradfield – violin , viola , electric violin
Eugene Chadbourne – acoustic guitar , dobro , electric guitar , twelve-string guitar , liner notes , tiple , six-string bass , twelve-string acoustic guitar
Henry Kaiser – electric guitar
LaDonna Smith – violin , viola
Davey Williams – banjo , electric guitar , hollow body guitar
Disc One recorded at WKCR in June 1978 and Disc Two recorded in San Francisco , California in June 1977 .
Disc Three
Polly Bradfield - Violin
Mark E. Miller - percussion , Contact Microphones , Vibraphone
Eugene Chadbourne - Electric Guitar , Personal Effects
Wayne Horvitz - Amplified Piano
Bob Ostertag - Electronics
John Zorn - Duck , Goose and Crow Calls , Clarinet , Mouthpiece
Recorded at Sorcerer Sound Studio , New York City on March 1 , 1980
Disc Four
Polly Bradfield - Violin
Mark E. Miller - percussion , Contact Microphones , Vibraphone
Charles K. Noyes - percussion , Saw , Knene
Bob Ostertag - Electronics
John Zorn - Alto And Soprano Saxophones , Bb Clarinet , Game Calls , E-flat Clarinet
Recorded at Sorcerer Sound Studio , New York City on March 1 , 1980
Disc Five , Six and Seven
Polly Bradfield - Violin
Eugene Chadbourne - Guitars , Dobro
Anthony Coleman - keyboards
Tom Cora - Cello
Robert Dick - Flute , Bass Flute , Piccolo , Game Calls
Wayne Horvitz - keyboards , Harmonica , Tape , Electronics
Bill Horvitz - Electric Guitar
Kramer - keyboards
Bill Laswell - Electric Bass
George Lewis - Trombone
David Moss - drums , Voice , Water , Hammered dulcimer , cymbals , Zither , etc .
John Zorn - Alto And Soprano Saxophones , Bb Clarinet , Game Calls , E-flat Clarinet
Recorded at the OAO Studio in Brooklyn , New York on September 12 and 13 , 1981
References
John Zorn compilation albums
1997 compilation albums
Tzadik Records compilation albums
Albums recorded at WKCR-FM
MYL could refer to :
Maryland railway station , England , National Rail code
McCall Municipal Airport , Valley County , Idaho , US , IATA airport code
Muslim Youth League , the youth wing of the Indian Union Muslim League
Mylan Laboratories Inc. , NASDAQ symbol
Standenbühl is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Donnersbergkreis
The 2007–08 Mid-American Conference women 's basketball season began with practices in October 2007 , followed by the start of the 2007–08 NCAA Division I women 's basketball season in November . Conference play began in January 2008 and concluded in March 2008 . Bowling Green won the regular season title with a record of 13–3 by one game over Miami . Kate Achter of Bowling Green was named MAC player of the year .
Miami won the MAC tournament over Ohio . Amanda Jackson of Miami was the tournament MVP . Miami lost to Louisville in the first round of the NCAA tournament . Bowling Green played in the WNIT .
Preseason awards
The preseason coaches ' poll was announced by the league office on October 18 , 2007 .
Preseason women 's basketball coaches poll
( First place votes in parenthesis )
East Division
Ohio
West Division
Honors
Postseason
Mid–American tournament
NCAA tournament
Women 's National Invitational Tournament
Postseason awards
Coach of the Year : Curt Miller , Bowling Green
Player of the Year : Kate Achter , Bowling Green
Freshman of the Year : Lauren Prochaska , Bowling Green
Defensive Player of the Year : Tiera DeLaHoussaye , Western Michigan
Sixth Man of the Year : Emily Maggert , Ball State
Honors
See also
2007–08 Mid-American Conference men 's basketball season
References
Varamdeh ( , also Romanized as Varāmdeh , Varām Deh , and Vāram Deh ; also known as Varāndeh ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 418 , in 107 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Futuro Imperfetto is the sixth studio album by the Italian band Punkreas , released in 2008 .
Track listing
Non cambio mai - 3:01
Ho bevuto la droga - 2:52
Mondo moderno - 2:55
Family gay - 2:53
Dritto in faccia - 2:59
Tyson rock - 3:08
Ultima spiaggia - 3:27
Cuore nero - 4:15
La spesa - 3:11
Life is now - 3:40
Io sono qua - 3:03
E così sia - 3:09
References
2008 albums
Punkreas albums
Grevillea arenaria , commonly known as sand grevillea is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to New South Wales . It is a spreading shrub with elliptic to egg-shaped leaves with the narrower end towards the base , and red , pink or orange flowers .
Description
Grevillea arenaria is an erect to spreading shrub that grows to a height of . The leaves are elliptic to egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base , long and wide with the edges turned down or rolled under . The flowers are arranged in groups of two to six on the ends of short side branches along a rachis long , and are red , pink or orange and hairy . The pistil is long and the ovary is sessile . Flowers are present in most months with a peak in spring .
Taxonomy
Grevillea arenaria was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown in Transactions of the Linnean Society of London from specimens collected near Port Jackson .
The names of two subspecies are accepted by the Australian Plant Census :
Greville arenaria R.Br . subsp . arenaria , commonly known as sand grevillea has leaves that are silky- or woolly-hairy on the lower surface and a gynoecium long ;
Grevillea arenaria subsp . canescens ( R.Br . ) Olde & Marriott commonly known as hoary grevillea has leaves that are velvety on the lower surface and a gynoecium long ;
Distribution and habitat
This grevillea grows in open forest , often in rocky places , near creeks or cliffs in south-eastern New South Wales . Subspecies arenaria mostly occurs on the eastern side of the Great Dividing Range and nearby ranges from Richmond to the Deua River and subspecies canescens is mostly found on the drier , western side of the ranges , from Tamworth and Gilgandra to Bathurst and western parts of the Blue Mountains .
References
External links
Grevillea arenaria : Images and occurrence data from Atlas of Living Australia
arenaria
Flora of New South Wales
Proteales of Australia
Taxa named by Robert Brown ( botanist , born 1773 )
Plants described in 1810
The Amato I Cabinet was the 49th cabinet of the Italian Republic , and the first cabinet of the XI Legislature . It held office from 28 June 1992 until 28 April 1993 , a total of 304 days , or 10 months .
The cabinet obtained the confidence of the Senate on 2 July 1992 with 173 votes in favour and 140 against . It obtained the confidence of the Chamber of Deputies on 4 July 1992 with 330 votes in favour , 280 against and 2 abstentions . The number of the ministries were reduced to 24 from 32 . The government resigned on 22 April 1993 .
Party breakdown
Beginning of term
Italian Socialist Party ( PSI ) : Prime minister , 7 ministers , 11 undersecretaries
Christian Democracy ( DC ) : 12 ministers , 18 undersecretaries
Italian Liberal Party ( PLI ) : 2 ministers , 3 undersecretaries
Italian Democratic Socialist Party ( PSDI ) : 2 ministers , 3 undersecretaries
Independents : 2 ministers
End of term
Italian Socialist Party ( PSI ) : Prime minister , 3 ministers , 11 undersecretaries
Christian Democracy ( DC ) : 13 ministers , 18 undersecretaries
Italian Liberal Party ( PLI ) : 2 ministers , 3 undersecretaries
Italian Democratic Socialist Party ( PSDI ) : 2 ministers , 3 undersecretaries
Independents : 3 ministers
Composition
| }
Notes
Italian governments
1992 establishments in Italy
1993 disestablishments in Italy
Cabinets established in 1992
Cabinets disestablished in 1993
The Voice for Animals Humane Society ( V4A ) in Edmonton , Alberta is a non-profit organization dedicated to protecting animals , through advocacy and education , from neglect , abuse and exploitation . This volunteer organization helps animals of all kinds through animal rescue , education , lobbying politicians , protests , letter writing and petitions . The president , Tove Reece , has been involved in animal rights ' work for over twenty years .
Campaigns
Lucy and Samantha
Lucy , an Asian elephant and Samantha , an African elephant live at the Edmonton Valley Zoo . Lucy suffers from arthritis and chronic foot infections . Samantha severed their trunk on a gate latch and lost 20 cm . or 8 inches of it . The Elephant Sanctuary in Hohenwald , Tennessee has agreed to take them both . A letter writing campaign and petition are ongoing .
Additionally , Zoocheck Canada launched a Kids Save Lucy campaign in June 2009 to help Lucy .
References
External links
The Voice for Animals Humane Society
The Elephant Sanctuary
Edmonton
Non-profit organizations based in Alberta
Mandrake is an original series created for the Brazilian branch of the HBO Latin America . The series was produced by HBO 's local partner , Conspiração Filmes , with a budget of US $ 6.5 million . It first aired on October 30 , 2005 , being broadcast on Sundays at 11 O'clock pm ( local Brazilian time : UTC -3 ) .
The first ever HBO original series produced in Brazil , Mandrake was adapted from the character created by Brazilian novelist , Rubem Fonseca . Fonseca is known for their analysis of Rio de Janeiro 's diverse society in their book A Grande Arte ( The Great Art ) . Fonseca was actively involved in the adaptation of their work for TV , and the general direction of the project was entrusted to their own son , José Henrique Fonseca .
The series was met with great enthusiasm by critics . A second batch of five episodes was produced in mid-2007 , and began airing on November 18 , 2007 . This is expected to complete a 13-episode first season . A second season was , at first , neither confirmed nor denied , with HBO quoted as saying they would be focusing on producing an international series immediately after the Mandrake first season ends . Finally , on May 20 , 2007 , HBO announced that it was beginning production of a 5-episode second season of the show
As part of a broader plan of distribution , the episodes were immediately dubbed in Spanish , so that HBO could distribute the show to its other Latin American branches .
Overview
The series focuses on the character of Mandrake , a criminal lawyer from Rio de Janeiro played by Marcos Palmeira . Their line of work consists mainly of helping wealthy individuals who are facing trouble with the shadier elements of the local society ( such as rich men who may be being blackmailed by corrupt cops ) . Mandrake 's job is to act as a go-between Rio 's subculture and their clients .
They work out of a small , but highly respected , practice , where they have a partner , seventy-year-old Wexler , a Jewish lawyer who was Mandrake 's late father 's associate in the same practice . In it , Wexler is responsible for the Civil cases , whereas Mandrake ( as was their father before him ) is responsible for the Criminal ones . Completely honest , Wexler often scolds Mandrake , who they treat like their own son , for their unorthodox and sometimes not completely honest dealings and methods .
Mandrake is also a womanizer , often dating two women at once and having numerous one-night stands . Other than women , their other confessed addictions are Cuban cigars and Portuguese wines .
The episodes are punctuated by narrations in off by Mandrake , where they ponder about the many aspects of human nature and life in modern society . Besides that , they also have informal discussions about life in general with some colleagues at a local bar , named Bar do Zé .
Funding
The funding for Mandrake was made possible by a program by the Brazilian government geared towards fomenting a domestic audiovisual production industry . Legislation ruling the media sector requires all paid TV networks to deposit an amount equal to 3 % of any funds to be sent abroad into a holding account . This account , which became known as Condecine , can not be accessed by the network except if to fund domestic audiovisual projects . If the given network does not use it within a certain period of time , than the amount deposited in the given period would go to the national fund for financing the arts .
Cast and characters
Paulo Mandrake ( Marcos Palmeira ) : The title character , they are a brilliant Criminal lawyer . Their main line of work is dealing with the characters from Rio de Janeiro 's underworld on behalf of their clients : wealthy people , or high middle class people , who find themselves entangled with this parallel reality .
Léon Wexler ( Luis Carlos Miéle ) : Mandrake 's associate ( and former associate of Mandrake 's father ) . They play the moral counterpart to Mandrake 's unorthodox approach to their profession . Occasionally assists with the troubles Mandrake gets themselves into .
Raul ( Marcelo Serrado ) : Mandrake 's childhood friend who joined the Force and is now a police officer . They provide Mandrake with the `` inside scoop '' , and often slips them privileged information that helps Mandrake win their cases .
Bebel ( Érika Mader ) : Mandrake 's considerably younger , `` regular '' lover .
Berta ( Maria Luiza Mendonça ) : The `` official girlfriend '' , they are always suspecting Mandrake 's indiscretions , and often calls them on little lies they tell them Seems willing to put up with a lot in order to prolong the relationship .
Junior ( Marcelo Adnet ) : The new intern in Mandrake 's office , they aspire to emulate Mandrake , but is an utter failure with women .
Verônica ( Virgínia Cavendish ) : Mandrake 's new secretary , they are a former Pentecostal Charismatic that starts to explore their sexuality with a little help from their employer .
Episodes
Guest spots
Several Brazilian actors and celebrities have played guest roles in the series :
A Cidade Não É O Que Se Vê Do Pão de Açúcar ( The City is Not What is Seen from the Sugarloaf ) :
Alexandre Frota ( former male model , actor ) : plays the pimp Célio
Daniel Dantas : plays the playboy , `` Baby Machado ''
Suzana Alves ( also known as `` Tiazinha '' — entertainer ) : plays the prostitute `` Linda ''
Otto ( singer ) : plays Orlandinho
Dia dos Namorados ( Valentine 's Day ) :
Bianca Soares ( model ) : plays the transsexual `` Viveca ''
Jean Pierre Noher ( Argentine actor ) : plays the business person J.J. Soares
Ítalo Rossi ( veteran actor ) : plays `` Dr. Graff ''
Castrinho ( veteran entertainer and actor ) : plays `` Saldanha ''
Juliana Galvão ( model ) : plays `` Leilane ''
Alexia Deschamps ( actor ) : plays `` Gilda ''
Lavínia Vlasak ( former model , actor ) : plays `` Alexia ''
Kolkata :
Cecil Thiré ( veteran actor ) : plays the millionaire and bon-vivant `` Julinho Pedrosa ''
Rodolfo Bottino ( veteran actor and amateur cook ) : plays Chef `` Enzo Fortuna ''
Evandro Mesquita ( singer and actor ) : plays the Kama Sutra guru `` Javi Kolkata ''
Brasília :
Antônio Grassi ( veteran actor ) : plays a retired cop who could n't handle the stress at work and turned into a radical vegan and doomsday believer .
Rosas Negras :
Bruna Lombardi ( former model , actor ) : plays `` Lena '' , the older woman who was Mandrake 's first love .
Tamara Taxman ( veteran actor ) : plays the owner of a flower shop , one of the few that sell black roses .
References
External links
Official page at HBO Brazil ( in Portuguese )
Flash presentation on official HBO Brazil website
Online version of Argentinian newspaper El Clarín announces Mandrake in Argentina ( in Spanish )
EPMTV , distributor of HBO in Colombia , announces Mandrake in the country ( in Spanish )
Brazilian drama television series
Portuguese-language HBO original programming
HBO Latin America original programming
2005 Brazilian television series debuts
2007 Brazilian television series endings
A Fistful of Death ( ) is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Demofilo Fidani and starring Klaus Kinski .
Cast
Hunt Powers as Butch Cassidy
Klaus Kinski as Reverend Cotton
Gordon Mitchell as Ironhead
Jeff Cameron as Macho Callaghan
Philip Garner as Sundance Kid
Dennis Colt as Buck O'Sullivan
Lucky McMurray
Grazia Giuvi as Saloon-Girl
Paul Crain as Member of gang
Giuseppe Polidori
Pietro Fumelli
Manlio Salvatori
Alessandro Perrella
Custer Gail
Giglio Gigli
Lorenzo Arbore
References
External links
1971 films
1971 Western ( genre ) films
1970s Italian-language films
Spaghetti Western films
Films directed by Demofilo Fidani
Films scored by Lallo Gori
1970s Italian films
Mimonectidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda .
Genera :
Cheloscina Shih & Hendrycks , 1996
Mimonectes Bovallius , 1885
Pseudomimonectes Vinogradov , 1960
References
Amphipoda
Crustacean families
The 1952–53 season was the 54th completed season of The Football League .
Final league tables
The tables below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79 , with home and away statistics separated .
Beginning with the season 1894–95 , clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average ( goals scored divided by goals conceded ) , or more properly put , goal ratio . In case one or more teams had the same goal difference , this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals . The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season .
From the 1922–23 season , the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election .
First Division
Arsenal won their second league title of the postwar era , finishing ahead of runners-up Preston North End on goal average - denying them a first league title since they won the first two English Football Leagues titles more than 60 years earlier . Wolverhampton Wanderers bounced back after two disappointing seasons to finish third , three points short of the title . They finished one point ahead of their local rivals West Bromwich Albion . Defending champions Manchester United , in a period of transition as the team captained by Johnny Carey started to make way for a younger generation of players , finished eighth .
Stoke City and Derby County , who had been among the First Division 's leading lights in the first few postwar seasons , went down to the Second Division after several seasons of gradually declining form . Liverpool , the 1947 champions , avoided the drop by just two points .
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1952-53 in English football
References
Ian Laschke : Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79 . Macdonald and Jane 's , London & Sydney , 1980 .
English Football League seasons
Eng
1952–53 in English football leagues
Se rentan cuartos is a Mexican sitcom television series created by David Hernández and produced by Viacom International Studios and Endemol Shine Boomdog for Comedy Central Latin America . It premiered on 30 October 2019 , and is stats Itatí Cantoral , Armando Hernández , Paco Rueda , Yare Santana , Irving Peña , Carlos Espejel , María Chacón , and Jorge Ortín . On 29 October 2019 , before its premiere it was confirmed that the series had been renewed for a second season to be released on 29 January 2020 .
Plot
Se rentan cuartos follow the story of a wealthy family that ends in bankruptcy and they have no choice but to start a new life in a house located in one of the most popular neighborhoods of the Mexico City . There they will learn valuable life lessons about the people they once despised .
Cast
Main
Itatí Cantoral as Graciela Garza De La Garza y Más Garza
Paco Rueda as Bobby Garza De La Garza y Más Garza
Yare Santana as Estefanía `` Stef '' Garza De La Garza y Más Garza
Jorge Ortín as El Chofer
Armando Hernández as José Ignacio `` Pepenacho '' Garza De La Garza y Más Garza
María Chacón as Shantallé
Carlos Espejel as Chicopasote
Irving Peña as Tato
Roberto Palazuelos ( season 2 )
Guest stars
Alejandra Bogue ( season 1 )
Luis Felipe Tovar ( season 2 )
Kikín Fonseca ( season 2 )
Ernesto Laguardia ( season 2 )
Ramiro Fumazoni ( season 2 )
Anabel Ferreira ( season 2 )
Tony y Archie Balardi ( season 2 )
Gustavo Munguía ( season 2 )
Marcos Valdez ( season 2 )
Episodes
Season 1 ( 2019 )
Season 2 ( 2020 )
Season 3 ( 2021 )
Season 4 ( 2022 )
References
Mexican television sitcoms
Comedy Central original programming
Spanish-language television shows
2019 Mexican television series debuts
Nototanaidae is a family of crustaceans belonging to the order Tanaidacea .
Genera :
Birdotanais Kakui & Angsupanich , 2012
Gamboa Bamber , 2012
Leptotanais
Nesotanais Shiino , 1968
Nototanais Richardson , 1906
Nototanoides Sieg & Heard , 1985
Paranesotanais Larsen & Shimomura , 2008
Stachyops Bird , 2012
References
Tanaidacea
Crustacean families
Fushenjan ( also Romanized as Fūshenjān ) , also known as Pushtanghan ( ) or Pushenjan ( ) in the historic sources of The Quarter of Nishapur ( ) in Khorasan , is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,457 , in 421 families .
This village has been claimed to be the birthplace of Haji Bektash Veli by Ministry of Cultural Heritage , Handicrafts and Tourism of Iran and is home to Baktash Archaeological Site of Nishapur which was uncovered by an archeological group led by the archeological department of the University of Neyshabur in an archeological excavation project initiated in the year 2016 . This site is part of the Iran National Heritage list with the national registration number of 24383 . There is no historical source or record which implies that Bektash was really born in Fushenjan . The cited websites clearly show that the Iranian government invented the place for tourist attraction and missionary activity .
Accessibility
This village and the village of Hamidabad are situated next to each other and are accessible by car from the road 44 of Iran along with different routes from the Baghrud Road of Nishapur ( Persian : جاده باغرود نیشابور ) . They are also really close to the capital city of the county , Nishapur and a road known as the Baghrud Road is used as their main pathway to the capital city .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Nishapur Quarter
Bektashi Order
Stephen John Ladyman ( born 6 November 1952 ) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for South Thanet from 1997 until 2010 .
Early life
They attended the Birkenhead Institute Grammar School for Boys ( became the comprehensive Birkenhead Institute High School then closed in August 1993 ) on Tollemache Road in Claughton , before studying at Liverpool Polytechnic where they received a BSc in Applied Biology .
They did work placements at Rothamsted Experimental Station in Harpenden and at Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food in Liverpool , before studying for a PhD awarded by the University of Strathclyde for researching natural isotopic abundances of elements to enable prediction of soil development when at the Natural Environment Research Council 's radiocarbon laboratory , in the Scottish Universities Research and Reactor Centre , East Kilbride .
They worked as a research scientist for the Medical Research Council ( MRC ) Radiobiology Unit at Harwell in Oxfordshire from 1979–85 , where they researched the removal of radionuclides from lung tissue , before becoming Head of Computing for the Mathilda and Terence Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology in Charing Cross ( now owned by Imperial College ) from 1985–90 , building computer systems for the Kennedy Institute ( also part of Hammersmith Hospital ) , the Arthritis and Rheumatism Research Council and Charing Cross Sunley Research Centre . From 1990–1 , they were an IT consultant at Pfizer Central Research in Sandwich , south Thanet , where Viagra was discovered , advising research scientists on the design of computer systems , before working as Head of Computer User Support until 1997 .
Political career
They contested the Wantage constituency in June 1987 , when 34 . From 1995–9 , Ladyman was a Thanet councillor and was appointed as Chairman of Finance of Thanet District Council . They were elected to Parliament in the 1997 United Kingdom general election , defeating Jonathan Aitken . They were a junior minister at the Department for Health from June 2003 until May 2005 , when they were appointed Minister of State for Transport having narrowly held their seat in the 2005 General Election with a majority of 664 votes .
In the General election of 6 May 2010 , Ladyman once again stood as the Labour Party candidate for Thanet South ; however , they were defeated by Conservative candidate Laura Sandys who took the seat with a majority of over 7,600 .
They were chairperson of Somerset Partnership NHS Foundation Trust from January 2013 to 2020 and appointed as Chair of Wiltshire Health and Care in 2020 and Chair of the National Autistic Society in November 2021 .
Top Gear
While Minister for Transport , Ladyman appeared on Top Gear in 2005 to discuss speed cameras with Jeremy Clarkson during the show 's Star in a Reasonably Priced Car segment . They revealed themselves to be a fan of cars , and admitted to having received several speeding fines and a total of nine penalty points . The Minister displayed a passion for fast cars including having owned an Alfa Romeo and posting a lap time in the 'Reasonably Priced Car ' towards the top of the leaderboard . They set a time of 1:48.8 , faster than Clarkson 's own time of 1:50 .
After presenter Richard Hammond was seriously injured in a high-speed crash in 2006 , Ladyman voiced their support for the programme . They denied that Top Gear encouraged dangerous driving , instead that they `` celebrate great engineering and , yes , they celebrate fast cars ... but , equally , they 've had me on the programme giving out road safety messages . People do n't go onto the road and break the speed limit because they watch Top Gear . ''
Personal life
They married Janet Pike ( née Baker ) in May 1995 on the Isle of Thanet . They have one daughter , one stepdaughter and two stepsons ( one deceased ) .
References
External links
Dr Stephen Ladyman MP official site
Department for Transport – Dr Stephen Ladyman MP
Voting record at the Public Whip
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Ask Aristotle : Stephen Ladyman MP
TheyWorkForYou.com – Stephen Ladyman MP
BBC Politics profile
Interviewed on The Westminster Hour about saving the planet
2005 campaign
Video clips
1952 births
Living people
People from Ormskirk
Labour Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Councillors in Kent
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
People from Birkenhead
Alumni of Liverpool John Moores University
Gregg Goslin was a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners for the 14th district which includes parts of Barrington , Inverness , Palatine , Rolling Meadows , Arlington Heights , Wheeling , Northbrook , Northfield and Glenview .
Early life
Goslin received their bachelor 's degree in political science and secondary education from Southern Illinois University in 1975 and completed postgraduate study in real estate .
Early political career
In 1985 , Goslin was elected the Township Supervisor for Northfield Township . They were elected in 1989 and 1993 . They were elected Republican Committeemen for Northfield Township in 1994 . During the 89th General Assembly , Republican incumbent Kevin Hanrahan resigned and Goslin was appointed to hold the seat for the remainder of their term in a caretaker capacity . The Republican candidate in the 1996 election , Elizabeth Coulson , succeeded him .
Cook County Commissioner
Goslin was elected to the Board of Commissioners on November 3 , 1998 , to succeed Richard Siebel . They served for 20 years on the board before being defeated for reelection in November 2018 by Democrat Scott Britton . They were on multiple committees for both the Board of Commissioners and Forest Preserve District . In addition to their role as chairperson of the Finance Committee for the Forest Preserve District of Cook County and chairperson for the Botanic Garden committee , Goslin participated on the following committees :
County Audit ( Vice Chair )
County Pension ( Vice Chair )
County Tax Delinquency ( Vice Chair )
County Criminal Justice
County Finance
Health and Hospitals
County Homeland Security and Emergency Management
County Law Enforcement
County Legislation and Intergovernmental Relations
County Roads & Bridges
County Technology & Innovation
County Zoning & Building
FPD Audit
FPD Capital Development
FPD Law Enforcement
FPD Legislation and Intergovernmental Relations
FPD Real Estate
FPD Recreation
FPD Workers ' Compensation
FPD Zoological
Post political career
Currently , Goslin is active member of the Glenview Chamber of Commerce , Independence Day Celebration Commission , Glenview Optimist Club , Glenview Naval Air Station Rescue Task Force and a board member at Thomas Place Senior housing . They are also a former officer of the Northwest Municipal Conference .
References
External links
Gregg Goslin
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Members of the Cook County Board of Commissioners
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
Southern Illinois University alumni
People from Northfield , Illinois
Cassa di Risparmio di Piacenza e Vigevano was an Italian savings bank based in Piacenza , Emilia-Romagna , as well as a second office in Vigevano , Lombardy . Despite the bank ceased to be existed , the former owner of the bank still operated as a charity organization .
History
Cassa di Risparmio di Piacenza e Vigevano was a merger of the saving banks ( ) of Piacenza and Vigevano , found in 1860 ( as part of Monte di Pietà di Piacenza ) and 1857 respectively . Due to Legge Amato , Cassa di Risparmio di Piacenza e Vigevano became two entity , società per azioni and the foundation in December 1991 , with the latter acted as a charity organization . The foundation sold a minority interests to the holding company Casse Emiliano Romagnole ( CAER ) , which the foundation in turn became a minority owner of CAER . The bank also recapitalized 24,022,900,000 lire in January 1992 . However , the bank withdrew in order to favour another merger with Cassa di Risparmio di Parma in December 1992 .
References
Banks established in 1860
Banks disestablished in 1992
1860 establishments in Italy
1992 disestablishments in Italy
Defunct banks of Italy
Companies based in Piacenza
Banca Intesa
Mounts of piety
Yisrael Borochov ( born in Tel Aviv in 1950 ) , is an Israeli musician , composer , and arranger .
Biography
Borochov was born in Tel Aviv , and raised in Tiberias . They are a self-taught musician who plays the fretless bass guitar , double bass , the dulcimer , jumbush , and percussion . They played in an IDF army band , and recorded with musicians including David Broza and Yehudit Ravitz .
Borochov was one of the original founders of The Natural Gathering ( HaBreira Hateeveet ) with Shlomo Bar , and played in and arranged the group 's first two albums .
Borochov founded the East West Ensemble in 1985 .
Over their 40-year-long career Borochov has merged East and West concepts and rhythms with their group , the East West Ensemble . They have played with famous names including Laurie Anderson , and L. Shankar from Shakti , Yas-Kaz , an avante-garde drummer from Japan , and has collaborated with influential eastern musicians such as Omar Faruk Tekbilek .
At the first Red Sea Jazz Festival in 1987 , their East West Ensemble won first place . When the State of Israel celebrated its 40th Anniversary , the East West Ensemble won an award for original art and culture in Israel . The labor union of Israel ( The Histadrut ) gave Borochov an award for their unique combination of musical traditions .
In the late 1990s , Borochov founded the first alternative World Music non-profit venue in Jaffa , Israel , calling it the East West House . Supported by the City of Tel Aviv-Jaffa , and the Ministry of Culture in Israel , about 30 bands a year , from Israel and abroad , vie for the chance to come to play at the house in Jaffa , known for its selection of highly unique and somewhat esoteric ethnic music derived from eastern traditions . Guest musicians to the house include those from Egypt , Iran , Jordan , India , Turkey , Europe and the United States .
Borochov has released five albums through the East West Ensemble cover , most recently Debka Fantasia an album which explores the early relationship between new Jewish pioneers to Israel in the 1920s onward , alongside the Bedouin people they encountered in the land of Israel .
They have composed music for film , theater and television , including the HBO movie Steal the Sky , featuring Muriel Hemmingway , and more recently for the Adam Sandler film You Do n't Mess with the Zohan .
Borochov , originally set out to trace the historical roots of the pioneers of Israeli song – Nahum Nardi , Mordechai Zeira , Moshe Wilensky , Sasha Argov , Emanuel Zamir , Emanuel Amiran , and many others – and discovered them in the music of the native-born Arab shepherd . This insight may not be anything new , but Borochov did not stop there : Working with Bedouin musicologist Muhammad Abu Ajaj and jazz musician Omer Avital , they decided to link the pioneering songs to their sources while also infusing them with a new sound . The result , `` Debka Fantasia , '' reflects tremendous research , knowledge , seriousness and cultural commitment , and is also noteworthy in terms of its near-symphonic sound and emotional impact .
Borochov has collaborated on a large number of theatre projects in Israel , and has taken their band to perform around the world , in the United States , Japan , Hong Kong , Berlin , Paris , Toronto and many more . They have developed projects for the highly coveted Israel Festival , three times . At the festival , Yisrael Borochov became the first advisor for ethnic music from around the world . One of their Israel Festival projects was The Hidden Spirituals , which investigated ancient Jewish musical traditions around the Diaspora which were influenced by Kabbalistic principles and prayers , and the Debka Fantasia project still being performed in Israel and around the world today .
Borochov is currently working on a new spiritual music project , revolving around Bucharian Jews . The program will be performed at the Piyut Festival in Jerusalem in September , 2015 .
Musical influences
Borochov gives their musical influences to be Shakti , Oregon , Night Ark , Kardes Turkuler , Peter Gabriel , Ludwig van Beethoven , David Darling , Weather Report , New York Rock & Roll Ensemble , and Santana .
Personal life
Both their sons Avri Borochov , a double bass player , and Itamar Borochov , a trumpet player , are accomplished musicians playing in the New York scene , Europe and in Israel . They are married to Karin Kloosterman , environment news writer . Their ex-wife Daniella Michaeli is an established theatre actor , choreographer and artistic director in Israel .
Discography
Imaginary Ritual ( 1988 )
Zurna ( 1992 )
Sinai Memories ( 1998 )
The Hidden Spirituals ( 2006 )
Debka Fantasia ( 2009 )
References
External links
Musicians from Tel Aviv
1950 births
Living people
Israeli bass guitarists
20th-century double-bassists
21st-century double-bassists
Israeli composers
So Fresh : The Hits of Winter 2007 is an Australian compilation album containing the latest music that were popular in Australia at the time of release . It was released on 16 June 2007 ( see 2007 in music ) . On 2 July 2007 the album was certified as platinum for selling 70,000 copies .
Track listing
Avril Lavigne – `` Girlfriend '' ( 3:38 )
Gwen Stefani featuring Akon – `` The Sweet Escape '' ( 4:07 )
Mika – `` Grace Kelly '' ( 3:08 )
Christina Aguilera – `` Candyman '' ( 3:15 )
Justin Timberlake – `` What Goes Around ... Comes Around '' ( 5:15 )
Pink – `` Leave Me Alone ( I 'm Lonely ) '' ( 3:20 )
Hinder – `` Lips of an Angel '' ( 4:22 )
Good Charlotte – `` Keep Your Hands off My Girl '' ( 3:25 )
Dean Geyer – `` If You Do n't Mean It '' ( 3:13 )
Nelly Furtado – `` All Good Things ( Come to an End ) '' ( 5:12 )
Ne-Yo – `` Because of You '' ( 3:49 )
TV Rock vs. Dukes of Windsor – `` The Others '' ( 3:25 )
Timbaland featuring Justin Timberlake and Nelly Furtado – `` Give It to Me '' ( 3:34 )
The All-American Rejects – `` It Ends Tonight '' ( 3:45 )
Kings of Leon – `` On Call '' ( 3:23 )
Sophie Ellis-Bextor – `` Catch You '' ( 3:18 )
James Morrison – `` Undiscovered '' ( 3:29 )
Amy Winehouse – `` Rehab '' ( 3:34 )
Young Divas – `` Searchin ' '' ( 3:33 )
Girlband – `` Electric '' ( 3:33 )
Charts
Certifications
See also
So Fresh
References
External links
Official site
So Fresh albums
2007 compilation albums
2007 in Australian music
Pseuderesia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropics . The genus Eresiomera is sometimes treated as a synonym of Pseuderesia .
Species
Pseuderesia eleaza ( Hewitson , 1873 )
Pseuderesia mapongua ( Holland , 1893 )
Pseuderesia vidua Talbot , 1937
References
Poritiinae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Arthur Gardiner Butler
Howrah - Rajendra Nagar Express is an Express train of the Indian Railways connecting Howrah Junction in West Bengal and Rajendra Nagar Terminal of Bihar . It is currently being operated with 12351/12352 train numbers on a daily basis .
Service
The 12351/Howrah - Rajendra Nagar Patna Express has an average speed of 55 km/hr and covers 529 km in 9 hrs 40 mins . 12352/Rajendra Nagar Patna - Howrah Express has an average speed of 56 km/hr and 529 km in 9 hrs 250 mins .
Route and halts
The important halts of the train are :
Coach composite
The train has standard LHB rakes with max speed of 130 kmph . The train consists of 22 coaches :
1 AC First-class
2 AC II Tier
5 AC III Tier
10 Sleeper Coaches
2 General
2 Second-class Luggage/parcel van
Traction
Both trains are hauled by a Howrah Loco Shed based WAP-7 electric locomotive from Rajendra Nagar to Howrah and vice versa .
See also
Rajendra Nagar Terminal railway station
Howrah Junction railway station
Notes
External links
12351/Howrah - Rajendra Nagar Patna Express
12352/Rajendra Nagar Patna - Howrah Express
References
Transport in Patna
Rail transport in Howrah
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Bihar
Rail transport in West Bengal
Rail transport in Jharkhand
Railway services introduced in 2010
Château Durfort-Vivens is a winery in the Margaux appellation of the Bordeaux region of France . It is also the name of the red wine produced by this property . The wine produced here was classified as one of fifteen Deuxièmes Crus ( Second Growths ) in the original Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855 .
While the 1855 classification is still legally in effect , more modern classifications have been performed to reconcile changes over time . In The Liv-ex Bordeaux Classification , in which quality of Bordeaux red wine is determined by demand in terms of price , Château Durfort-Vivens is listed as a Fifth Growth . In Alexis Lichine 's classification of Bordeaux wine , which is based on subjective criteria , it is a Grand Cru ( Great Growth ) , putting it in the third group on their list .
History
The Durfort property dates back to the 12th century having been owned by the influential Durfort de Duras family for seven centuries . The family also owned the nearby Château Lamothe , later renamed Château Margaux .
The property was purchased in 1824 by M. de Vivens , and renamed Château Durfort Vivens .
In the 20th century , the château was purchased by local négociants , and in 1961 it was purchased by Château Margaux , which was controlled by the Lurton family , which also owns Château Brane-Cantenac and Château Climens . Until that time , the wine was produced at Château Margaux .
Lucien 's son Gonzague Lurton , became the head of operations 1992 .
Vineyards and wine
The Chateau has planted with Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot , and Cabernet Franc . A second wine is produced under the label Vivens .
References
External links
Château Durfort-Vivens official site
Bordeaux wine producers
Sir Thomas Rouse , 1st Baronet ( 27 March 1608 – 26 May 1676 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1660 and supported the Parliamentary cause during the English Civil War .
Biography
Rouse was the son of Sir John Rouse of Rous Lench , Worcestershire who was MP in 1626 . They matriculated at Brasenose College , Oxford on 20 October 1626 and was awarded BA from Corpus Christi College , Oxford on 31 January 1628 . Also in 1628 , they entered Middle Temple . They were created Baronet Rouse of Rouse Lench on 23 July 1641 .
Rouse was added to the Committee for Worcestershire in 1645 and was High Sheriff of Worcestershire in 1648 . In 1654 , they were elected Member of Parliament for Worcestershire in the First Protectorate Parliament . They were an assessment commissioner in 1656 and was also Custos Rotulorum in 1656 .
In 1660 , Rouse was elected MP for Evesham in the Convention Parliament . They became a J.P. on 10 July 1660 .
Rouse died at the age of 67 and was buried at Rouse Lench , where there is a monument .
Rouse married firstly Jane Ferrers daughter of Sir John Ferrers of Tamworth Castle , secondly Frances Murray daughter of David Murray and thirdly Ann .
References
1608 births
1676 deaths
High Sheriffs of Worcestershire
Alumni of Brasenose College , Oxford
Alumni of Corpus Christi College , Oxford
Members of the Middle Temple
People from Evesham
English MPs 1654–1655
English MPs 1660
Roundheads
Members of the Parliament of England for Worcestershire
The People , Yes is a book-length poem written by Carl Sandburg and published in 1936 . The 300 page work is thoroughly interspersed with references to American culture , phrases , and stories ( such as the legend of Paul Bunyan ) . Published at the height of the Great Depression , the work lauds the perseverance of the American people in notably plain-spoken language . It was written over an eight-year period . It is Sandburg 's last major book of poetry .
References
1936 poetry books
1936 poems
Poetry by Carl Sandburg
Epic poems in English
American poetry books
ARA King is a World War II-era Argentine Navy warship , originally classified as minelayer and later as patrol ship . The vessel is named after Juan King , an Argentine naval officer that served in the Cisplatine War . It is the third Argentine naval ship with this name .
Design
King was as part of a program to build four mine warfare ships during the Second World War , of which two ( Murature and King ) were completed as patrol boats and the others ( Piedrabuena and Azopardo ) as antisubmarine frigates .
History
King was launched in 1943 and commissioned in 1946 .
In 1955 took part of rising against Juan Domingo Perón 's government known as Revolución Libertadora , when they protected as a floating battery the rebel naval base at Río Santiago .
After the decommissioning of their sister in 2014 , King is the oldest unit still in service in the Argentine navy as of 2018 . They were overhauled from 2015 to 2018 and was in service as of 2022 .
See also
List of ships of the Argentine Navy
References
Notes
Bibliography
Further reading
.
External links
Patrol ship ARA “ King ” - Histarmar website ( Historia y Arqueología Marítima – Patrullero ARA King ) ( accessed 2015-12-24 )
Argentine Navy website - Patrulleros Clase `` MURATURE '' ( in Spanish - accessed 2013-10-31 )
Murature-class patrol boats
Ships built in Argentina
1943 ships
Patrol vessels of Argentina
Riverine warfare
The Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law is a national legal-advocacy organization representing people with mental disabilities in the United States . Originally known as The Mental Health Law Project , the Center was founded as a national public-interest organization in 1972 by a group of specialized attorneys and mental disability professionals who were working to help the court define a constitutional right to treatment in terms of specific standards for services and protections . In 1993 , the organization changed its name to the Judge David L. Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law to honor the legacy of Judge David L. Bazelon , whose decisions as Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit had pioneered the field of mental health law .
Litigation
The Center 's precedent-setting litigation has established important civil rights for people with mental illnesses or developmental disabilities . These include the right to treatment in Wyatt v. Stickney ( decided in 1971 and successfully concluded in 1999 ) , and the Supreme Court 's 1999 Olmstead v. L.C . ex rel . Zimring decision affirming the right of people with disabilities to receive public services in the most integrated setting consistent with their needs .
Federal policy
The Center also engages in federal policy advocacy , working with Congress and the administrative agencies to ensure , for example , that people with mental disabilities are included under the protections of the Americans with Disabilities Act and amendments to the federal Fair Housing Act , and to generate resources such as Supplemental Security Income and Medicaid that can enable them to live and thrive in the community . In 2009 , a major thrust was the integration of mental health in healthcare reform .
Publications
The Bazelon Center 's publications include reports ; issue papers ; law , regulation , and policy analyses ; advocacy manuals ; and consumer-friendly guides to legal rights . These are available for free download from the center 's website , or print copies may be ordered by postal mail , telephone , or email .
Funding
most of the Bazelon Center 's revenue came from contributions , gifts , and grants . Notable organizations providing grant support to the Bazelon Center include the Open Society Foundations and the MacArthur Foundation . Beginning in 1978 , the MacArthur Foundation has awarded multiple grants to the Bazelon Center , totaling $ 14,035,000
See also
Morton Birnbaum
Public interest law
References
External links
National Resource Center on Psychiatric Advance Directives created through a collaboration between the Bazelon Center and Duke University .
Disability rights organizations
Disability organizations based in the United States
Mental health law in the United States
Mental health organizations in Washington , D.C .
Amir Hassan Ferdos ( 29 September 1929 – 1997 ) was an Iranian lightweight weightlifter . In 1951 they won a gold medal at the Asian Games and a bronze at the world championships . Next year they placed fifth at the 1952 Summer Olympics .
References
1929 births
1997 deaths
Iranian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Iran
Weightlifters at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1951 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Weightlifters at the 1951 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in weightlifting
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Ignatów may refer to :
Ignatów , Łódź Voivodeship , Poland
Ignatów , Lublin Voivodeship , Poland
Madhire Ravinder Reddy is an Indian producer and the owner of Dwaraka Creations . Its latest production is Hotel Beautifool . The film stars Rejith Menon , Johny Lever , Brijendra Kala , Jia Sharma , Shaanti , Sagarika Chettri , Vishavpreet Kaur , Alisha Farrer , Imam Siddique and Sandeep Ghosh .
Hotel Beautifool
Hotel Beautifool is based on the popular Hindi play Baat Baat mein Bigdey haalaat , written and directed by Sameer Iqbal Patel . Patel was planning to make it into a film when Mohammed Aslam Shaikh and Madhire Ravinder Reddy saw the play and decided to join with Patel in making it into a Hindi feature film .
The first shoot started at Mumbai 's future studio on 20 July 2014 and completed on 29 July . The second shoot ran from 27 September 2014 in Morjim , Goa .
References
Hindi film producers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County , Virginia .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Pulaski County , Virginia , United States . The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below , may be seen in an online map .
There are 23 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county . Another property was once listed but has been removed .
Current listings
| }
Former listing
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in Radford , Virginia
References
Pulaski
The European Community Shipowners ' Associations ( ECSA ) is the voice of the European shipping industry .
Founded in 1965 under the name Comité des Associations d'Armateurs des Communautés Européennes ( CAACE ) , ECSA promotes the interests of 19 member associations of the EU and Norway . As a trade association , ECSA strives for a regulatory environment that fosters the international competitiveness of European shipping .
ECSA works through a permanent secretariat in Brussels , a Board of Directors and a number of specialised committees and working groups .
ECSA 's current President is Philippos Philis , its Vice-President is Karin Orsel .
The organisation is recognised by the European Institutions as the representative body of the European shipping sector , and is registered in the European Commission 's Transparency Register for Interest Representatives since 23 June 2008 .
ECSA 's strategic priorities are :
Climate and Sustainability
Trade
Competitiveness
Internal Market
Innovation & Digitalisation
Human Resources
Safety
Legal Affairs
Taxation
Better Regulation
Member Associations
( in alphabetical order )
Belgium : Royal Belgian Shipowners ' Association
Cyprus : Joint Cyprus Shipowners ' Association
Denmark : Danish Shipping
Estonia : Estonian Shipowners ' Association
Finland : Finnish Shipowners ' Association
France : Armateurs de France
Germany : Verband Deutscher Reeder
Greece : Union of Greek Shipowners
Ireland : Irish Chamber of Shipping
Italy : Confederazione Italiana Armatori
Lithuania : Lithuanian Shipowners
Luxembourg : Fedilshipping
Malta : Malta International Shipping Council
Netherlands : Koninklijke Vereniging van Nederlandse Reders
Norway : Norwegian Shipowners ' Association
Portugal : Associacao de Armadores da Marinha de Comercio
Slovenia : Slovenian Association of Shipowners
Spain : Asociacion de Navieros Espanoles
Sweden : Swedish Shipowners ' Association
Many ECSA members are also members of the International Chamber of Shipping ( ICS ) .
The European shipping industry
The European shipping industry controls 39.5 % of the global merchant fleet . This amounts to 810 million deadweight tonnes or 550 million gross tonnes and 23,400 vessels .
Shipping is a valuable economic and geopolitical asset of the European Union . In 2018 , it delivered €54 billion to the EU 's GDP . This translates into €78,000 GDP per worker , compared to the EU average of €63,000 . Its direct economic impact is significant , with 685,000 persons employed in both sea- and land-based jobs in the same year . Taking into consideration the indirect and induced impacts , the total economic impact of European shipping amounts to €149 billion and 2 million jobs . For every €1 million GDP the European shipping industry creates , another €1.8 million is supported elsewhere in the EU economy .
See also
International Chamber of Shipping
International Maritime Organization ( the United Nations agency with responsibility for the safety of life at sea and the protection of the marine environment )
International Labour Organization
UNCTAD review of maritime transport ( annual UNCTAD publication )
European Transport Workers ' Federation
References
External links
Official website of ECSA
2020 Report of the ‘ Economic Value of the EU Shipping Industry ” by Oxford Economics
Professional associations based in Europe
International water transport
Shipping trade associations
Organizations established in 1965
Trade associations based in Belgium
Events in the year 1894 in Bulgaria .
Incumbents
Events
23 September – Parliamentary elections were held in the country . Voter turnout was unusually high .
References
1890s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Jedovnice is a market town in the Blansko District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic . It has about 2,800 inhabitants .
Geography
Jedovnice is located about east of Blansko and northeast of Brno . It lies in the Drahany Highlands . Small western part of the municipal territory lies in the Moravian Karst Protected Landscape Area . Eastern part of the territory comprises the Rakovec Nature Reserve .
Jedovnice lies on the Jedovnický Stream with a set of ponds . The largest of the ponds is Olšovec , which borders the built-up area . The pond was first mentioned in 1371 . It has an area of and the length of the dam is . It is a major recreation centre .
History
The first written mention of Jedovnice is from 1251 . In 1335 , the settlement was promoted to a market town .
Culture
In 2018 it was the venue for the Linux Bier Wanderung .
Sights
The parish Church of Saint Peter and Paul was built in the current Baroque form in 1783–1785 by extension and reconstruction of the original Gothic building . It is remarkable for the modern interior made by Mikuláš Medek , Jan Koblasa , Josef Istler , Karel Nepraš and Ludvík Kolek in 1963–1976 .
Twin towns – sister cities
Jedovnice is twinned with :
Aschheim , Germany
References
External links
Market towns in the Czech Republic
Populated places in Blansko District
Feelin 's may refer to :
Feelin 's ( Sonny Stitt album ) ( Roost , 1962 )
Feelin 's ( Teddy Edwards album ) ( Muse , 1975 )
See also
`` Feelins ' '' , a 1975 song by Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn
Feelins ' ( album ) , a 1975 album by Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn
Feelings ( disambiguation )
`` Dazz '' is a song by R & B/funk band Brick . `` Dazz '' is a combination of disco , funk and jazz , hence the title `` Dazz '' , a combination denominator for `` Disco Jazz '' . Released in 1976 from their debut album Good High , it would become their biggest hit , spending four weeks at the top of the R & B singles chart , while reaching number three on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 41 on Billboards year-end chart . In Canada , it reached number 26 .
Another popular 1970s-era soul group , the Dazz Band , took their name from the song .
References
1976 songs
1976 singles
Brick ( band ) songs
Bang Records singles
San Joaquin was a steam tanker built in 1913 by the Sir James Laing & Sons Ltd of Sunderland . They were the first of several tankers ordered by Wilhelm Wilhelmsen for their oil-carrying operations in the Pacific .
Design and Construction
In 1911 an English firm Fearnley & Eger and Wilhelm Wilhelmsen established the `` Norwegian Africa and Australia Line '' ( NAAL ) . At about the same time the two companies also took over the `` Norway Mexico Gulf Line '' ( NMGL ) involved in oil and oil products transportation to South America . In 1913 the company ordered their first tanker to serve the California-South America route for NOK 1,862,527.25 . The ship was laid down in 1913 at Sir James Laing & Sons Ltd. shipyard at Deptford , launched on November 14 , 1913 ( yard number 644 ) , and commissioned on December 20 of the same year . As built , the ship was long ( between perpendiculars ) and abeam , a mean draft of . San Joaquin was assessed at 6,987 GRT , and 10,360 DWT . The vessel had a steel hull , and a single 555 nhp triple-expansion steam engine , with cylinders of , , and diameter with a stroke , that drove a single screw propeller , and moved the ship at up to .
Operational history
San Joaquin was delivered to Wilhelm Wilhemsen on December 20 , 1913 . Upon delivery , they were chartered by the Union Oil Company for 10 years and immediately sailed to San Francisco . San Joaquin left Newcastle-upon-Tyne on Christmas Day 1913 and on February 27 , 1914 arrived on the US West Coast . The ship left San Francisco on March 8 for Chilean ports of Iquique and Antofagasta , stopping off to load oil at Port San Luis , the major oil storage and shipping facility for Union Oil . San Joaquin arrived in Antofagasta on March 29 , and departed two days later for Iquique , before returning to San Francisco in mid April .
For the remainder of 1914 and through 1918 San Joaquin continued transporting oil from Port San Luis in California to Chilean ports of Taltal , Iquique , Antofagasta , and Tocopilla , with occasional trips to and from Mexico , or up the West Coast of the US . In 1919 San Joaquin was moved to the Gulf of Mexico , as Union Oil sought to fulfill its South American contracts by buying oil from Mexico . The tanker made regular trips from Tampico and Tuxpan on the Gulf Coast of Mexico to the same Chilean ports through early 1922 . In April 1922 they returned to the West Coast , and delivered oil to Victoria on May 25 , 1922 , before resuming their South American routes .
By mid-1920s Wilhelm Wilhelmsen started to pull out of oil-carrying business , concentrating instead on oceanic liners . As a result , the company started slowly disposing of its tanker fleet . San Joaquin was acquired in June 1929 by a Norwegian whaling company A/S Hektor ( operated by Nils Bugge ) and renamed Melville . Hektor operated a whaling station on Deception Island and Melville served as a transportation ship for the company . Melville also transported members , equipment and aircraft of Sir George Hubert Wilkins 's expedition in late 1929 on their way to the South Shetland Islands . Hektor invested a lot of resources in their whaling business in 1930 , however , overproduction and a financial crisis led to a collapse of the market , and the entire Norwegian and part of the foreign whaling fleet had to be laid up in the 1931/32 season . As the company 's financial position weakened , Hektor had to negotiate with their creditors to obtain a deferral which after prolonged negotiations was successfully obtained in 1936 . However , as a result , the company had to sell most of its ships , including Melville which was bought in 1935 by a Greek Hellenic Tramp S.S. Co. who renamed the ship Iolcos .
Sinking
Following the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War , Greece declared neutrality . However , Metaxas saw the war as a great opportunity of making money and rearming Greek Armed Forces by selling ammunition and weapons to both parties of the conflict . Nationalists were furious with the Greeks selling weapons to Republicans , and even submitted a dossier to Greek ambassador in Burgos proving Greek government was complicit in selling arms to the Republicans . As a result , most Greek ships travelling in the Western Mediterranean were considered by Spanish Nationalists , as well as their German and Italian allies , as enemies .
On September 1 , 1937 Iolcos which was just recently renamed Woodford and in the process of being transferred to the British registry , was on their journey from Constanta to Valencia with a full load of fuel oil . The tanker just made a call in Barcelona on August 27 but was unable to unload their cargo , and was travelling along the east coast of Spain . The ship was under command of captain Gregorij Dimitrov , a Bulgarian , and had a crew of 32 composed mostly of Greeks , Romanians and Hungarians . Around 06:30 in the morning , sighted the tanker near Benicarló heading to Alicante . Not being able to catch up with the ship underwater , Diaspro attacked the ship on the surface by launching two torpedoes . The ship crew spotted them , managed to maneuver and avoid them altogether , and made an attempt to ram the submarine . Diaspro fired two more torpedoes which hit the ship on the starboard side , around holds 5 and 8 , and sank it in the position . Even though the ship was travelling under the British flag , the captain of the submarine , Giuseppe Mellina , believed the tanker was using a false name Woodford , as the crew appeared to be Romanian . As a result of the attack , the ship 's second engineer died and six people were wounded . The rest of the tanker 's crew successfully reached the Spanish coast .
Notes
References
1913 ships
Ships built on the River Wear
Merchant ships of Norway
Oil tankers
Maritime incidents in 1937
Ships sunk by Italian submarines
Shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
Shipwrecks of the Spanish Civil War
Salten District Court ( ) was a district court in Nordland county , Norway . The court was based in the town of Bodø . The court existed until 2021 . It served the Salten area which included the municipalities of Beiarn , Bodø , Fauske , Gildeskål , Meløy , Saltdal , Steigen , Sørfold , Værøy , and Røst . It also held jurisdiction over the outlying territory of Jan Mayen . Cases from this court could be appealed to Hålogaland Court of Appeal . The court was led by the chief judge ( ) Ingrid Johanne Lillevik . This court employed a chief judge , four other judges , and four prosecutors .
The court was a court of first instance . Its judicial duties were mainly to settle criminal cases and to resolve civil litigation as well as bankruptcy . The administration and registration tasks of the court included death registration , issuing certain certificates , performing duties of a notary public , and officiating civil wedding ceremonies . Cases from this court were heard by a combination of professional judges and lay judges .
History
On 26 April 2021 , the court was merged with the Lofoten District Court to create the new Salten og Lofoten District Court .
References
Defunct district courts of Norway
Organisations based in Bodø
2021 disestablishments in Norway
Abubakar Baker Shariff-Farr ( born 12 February 1994 ) , better known as Bakar , is a British singer . Known for their experimental indie rock style , they made their professional solo debut with the mixtape Badkid in May 2018 , subsequently releasing the extended play Will You Be My Yellow ? in September 2019 . They released their debut album Nobody 's Home in February 2022 .
Early life
Bakar grew up in Camden in North London and attended a state school before being sent to a boarding school in Surrey by their mother . They are of Yemeni and Tanzanian descent . They expressed that `` going outside of London and hearing other tastes and how that can relate to [ him ] , it definitely did something to [ him ] . ''
Career
2015–2017 : Online beginnings and solo debut
Bakar began creating music in 2015 by cutting up samples of Bombay Bicycle Club and King Krule songs and uploading them to an anonymous SoundCloud account . For the next few years , they continuously uploaded projects and works to the platform , several of which are no longer available .
Bakar officially independently released their debut single , `` Big Dreams '' in March 2017 . In 2018 , the song later gained popularity after being featured on the official soundtrack of the video game FIFA 19 . Bakar performed the song `` Scott Free '' on the online German music series ColorsxStudios in March 2017 , where it has amassed over 300 thousand views . Before the end of 2017 , Bakar had self-released the non-album singles `` Small Town Girl '' and `` Something I Said '' .
2018 : Badkid
In early 2018 , Bakar released the single `` A Million Miles '' and announced the their debut full length project , Badkid . In April 2018 , they released the project 's third single , `` All In '' , following the lead single `` Big Dreams '' ( 2017 ) and `` A Million Miles '' ( 2018 ) . Bakar performed at Live at Leeds in May 2018 , where they were described by NME as an `` electrifying performer '' who `` cemented themselves as one of Britain 's most exciting new acts '' . They released `` Badlands '' as the final single off of Badkid a week later . Bakar 's performance set at The Great Escape in May 2018 was also well received by critics . Badkid was released as a mixtape under Bakar 's own record label , * bash , on 22 May 2018 . They marked the release of the mixtape with a headlining performance at Camden Assembly in London . They announced a headlining tour of the United Kingdom including a performance at The Dome in London . After completing the sold out tour , Bakar released the non-album single `` Dracula '' in October 2018 .
2019–2020 : Will You Be My Yellow ?
Bakar signed to both Black Butter Records and September Management in early 2019 . In January 2019 , American rapper Sheck Wes mentioned a future collaboration with Bakar . In March 2019 , Bakar released the non-album single set `` Chill '' and `` Sold Your Soul '' alongside the announcement of another headlining European tour , Bakar & The Badkids . In August 2019 , Bakar announced the release of the EP , Will You Be My Yellow ? , and released its lead single `` Hell n Back '' . The single became a sleeper hit in the United States , experiencing the longest trip to No . 1 on the Triple A chart in Billboard chart history , eventually peaking on 30 June 2020 ( its 27th week ) . `` Hell n Back '' was also certified Gold in Australia in 2020 . The six-track EP Will You Be My Yellow ? was released to critical acclaim under Black Butter Records on 20 September 2019 . The project was written and recorded within just eight weeks , and was produced by frequent collaborators Zach Nahome and Matty Tavares . It featured the track `` Stop Selling Them Drugs '' featuring American musician Dominic Fike .
In November 2019 , Bakar performed `` Hell n Back '' for their second performance on the German music series ColorsxStudios , following their first performance `` Scott Free '' in March 2017 . The former was released commercially as a non-album single and has amassed over one million views on YouTube . In November 2019 , British singer Collard released the single `` Stone '' featuring Bakar . In December 2019 , the song `` Hell n Back '' was used in the promotional ad for Arsenal F.C . x Adidas 's Bruised Banana range , highlighting the lyric `` Will you be my yellow ? '' which Bakar sings in the video .
2020–present : Hell n Back
In January 2020 , the song `` Hell n Back '' placed No . 62 on triple j 's Hottest 100 of 2019 . In February 2020 , Bakar performed `` Circles '' by Mac Miller on BBC Radio 1Xtra as a tribute to the late rapper . Bakar was featured alongside American producer Kenny Beats on New Zealand singer Benee 's single `` Night Garden '' .
Bakar featured on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in 2021 , performing `` The Mission '' .
Artistry and other ventures
Musical influences cited by Bakar include Madlib and Foals . They have described their music as `` schizophrenic '' , and said that they attempt to `` bridge the gap '' between different music genres . Ones to Watch described their style as a `` melting pot of indie , rap , rock , and punk '' .
Bakar also modelled as part of Virgil Abloh 's debut runway show for Louis Vuitton In June 2018 and then again in February 2019 . In November 2019 , they modelled for Prada 's `` A Gift to Give '' campaign alongside models Pixie Geldof and Sara Blomqvist .
Reception
Joe Goggins of DIY compared Bakar 's vocal style to that of Kele Okereke from Bloc Party . Alex McFayden of Clash also compared their sound to that of Bloc Party . Ashleigh Kane of Crack Magazine deemed them as `` indie 's revivalist '' . Bakar 's style has been noted as a progressive shift from the 'stale ' sound of British rock in the late 2010s . Bakar has received endorsements from artists like Skepta , Elton John and fashion designer Virgil Abloh .
Discography
Studio albums
Mixtapes
Badkid ( 2018 )
Extended plays
Will You Be My Yellow ? ( 2019 )
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Guest appearances
SoundCloud releases
Happy BDay To Me - EP ( 2015 )
`` Little Secret '' - Single ( 2016 )
`` Sharing is Caring '' - Single ( 2016 )
`` Best For You '' - Single ( 2017 )
`` New Day '' - Single ( 2017 )
`` i-D '' - Single ( 2020 )
References
Living people
1994 births
21st-century Black British male singers
Black Butter Records artists
British alternative rock musicians
British indie rock musicians
English experimental musicians
English male singer-songwriters
English people of Tanzanian descent
English people of Yemeni descent
Experimental pop musicians
People from Camden Town
Singers from London
Quantum topology is a branch of mathematics that connects quantum mechanics with low-dimensional topology .
Dirac notation provides a viewpoint of quantum mechanics which becomes amplified into a framework that can embrace the amplitudes associated with topological spaces and the related embedding of one space within another such as knots and links in three-dimensional space . This bra–ket notation of kets and bras can be generalised , becoming maps of vector spaces associated with topological spaces that allow tensor products .
Topological entanglement involving linking and braiding can be intuitively related to quantum entanglement .
See also
Topological quantum field theory
Reshetikhin–Turaev invariant
References
External links
Quantum Topology , a journal published by EMS Publishing House
Quantum mechanics
Topology
Leason Heberling Adams ( January 16 , 1887 – August 20 , 1969 ) was an American geophysicist and researcher . Their principal achievement was their research on the properties of materials exposed to very high pressures , which they used to derive information on the nature of the Earth 's interior . They received the William Bowie Medal of the American Geophysical Union in 1950 for their work .
Biography
Born on 16 January 1887 , Adams grew up in central Illinois , where they received their early education in a one-room school . At the age of fifteen they entered the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign , graduating in 1906 with a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering .
After completing their university studies , they worked for the Technology Branch of the United States Geological Survey , first as an industrial chemist and then as a physical chemist . In 1910 they began working at the Geophysical Laboratory of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington , D.C . In 1937 they became the director of the Laboratory , and during World War II they served as the director of Division I ( ballistics ) of the Office of Scientific Research and Development . They were elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1943 .
Adams retired from the Carnegie Institution in 1952 but continued to carry out research , first as a consultant to the director of the National Bureau of Standards and then from 1958 until 1965 as a professor of geophysics at the University of California , Los Angeles .
They died on 20 August 1969 in Silver Spring , Maryland .
Research
Adams performed one of their first research projects during World War I , when they produced optical glass . They helped to develop a new method for annealing glass which was effective for large blocks , and then used this technique to make a 200-inch mirror for the Hale telescope at the Mount Palomar Observatory . For this work , they received the Edward Longstreth Medal of the Franklin Institute .
Geophysical work
Their most enduring work began in 1919 , when they were working at the Carnegie Institution for Science to develop new methods for high-pressure measurement . In the late 19th century the prevailing view of the Earth was that it was made up of a thin crust floating on a molten interior . By Adams ' day , this view was being challenged , especially by the findings of some seismologists who had found the wave velocities of the Earth at different depths . Wave velocities depend upon the elastic constants of the materials through which they pass , in particular the bulk modulus and stiffness .
It should be possible to combine the experimentally-determined wave velocities of the various parts of the Earth 's interior and the elasticity data from various rocks in order to find out about the Earth 's interior . However , by the early 20th century no one had been able to determine the elastic constants of common rocks , because almost all rocks are slightly porous , complicating conventional elasticity measurement methods .
Adams was able to solve this problem by fashioning rocks into cylinders , putting thin hermetically sealed metal jackets around them , and subjecting them to high pressures while inside a mobile liquid in a pressure vessel . By recording the piston displacement required in order to achieve a given pressure , Adams could find the volume change of the rocks and their bulk modulus .
Implications
These experiments had important implications for the field of geophysics . Adams used the measured bulk modulus of various rocks to find their wave velocities and then compared their results with the wave velocities of the Earth , which had been determined through seismology . They concluded that the high central density required for the known density of the Earth could not be accounted for by the compression of ordinary silicate minerals ; the inner core of the Earth must be composed of a heavy iron-nickel material .
In addition , research performed by the Croatian seismologist Andrija Mohorovičić indicated that there exists a region of the Earth 's interior , the Mohorovičić discontinuity , where high wave velocities coincide with shallow depths . Adams ' work showed that only two minerals , dunite and eclogite , could possible make up the discontinuity , and further exploration showed that dunite was a better fit than eclogite .
Therefore , by combining their own elasticity calculations with current seismographic research , Adams was able to show that the conventional view of the Earth 's interior as a uniform molten liquid was false , and that the Earth is in fact composed of a nickel-iron core , a thin crust , and that aside from a thin layer of dunitic material between the Earth 's crust and mantle , the rest of the Earth 's interior is iron , magnesium , silicon , and oxygen .
Awards and honors
1910 : Elected to member of the Philosophical Society of Washington ( and president in 1929 )
1921 or 1924 : Edward Longstreth Medal of the Franklin Institute
1943 : Elected to member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences
1948 : Presidential Medal for Merit
1950 : William Bowie Medal of the American Geophysical Union
References
Bibliography
External links
National Academy of Sciences Biographical Memoir
1887 births
1969 deaths
American geophysicists
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Medal for Merit recipients
Grainger College of Engineering alumni
American physical chemists
People from Cherryvale , Kansas
Johannesburg Festival Overture is a composition for orchestra by the English composer William Walton , composed for the 70th anniversary of Johannesburg in 1956 .
In January 1956 , Walton received a commission from Ernest Fleischmann , musical director of the Johannesburg Festival Committee , to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the city . Fleischmann included in their request to “ include some African themes ” .
Walton composed the overture between February and the end of May 1956 , and revised it before publication in 1958 and revised it again after that . For inspiration they requested recordings of African music from the African Music Society . The effect of these recordings can be heard with three percussionists performing on eleven instruments . The composer also incorporated the main theme from Jean Bosco Mwenda 's `` Masanga '' ( which had been released on record in 1954 ) .
Walton described the piece to their publisher as “ a non-stop gallop ... slightly crazy , hilarious and vulgar ” .
Instrumentation and duration
Three flutes ( third doubling piccolo ) , two oboes , cor anglais , three clarinets in A , three bassoons ( third doubling contrabassoon ) – four horns in F , three trumpets in B-flat , three trombones , tuba – timpani , three or four percussion ( side drum , cymbals , suspended cymbal , bass drum , xylophone , tambourine , triangle , tenor drum , maracas , rumba sticks , castanets , glockenspiel ) – harp – strings .
The piece takes about seven minutes to perform .
Score
Oxford University Press published an 84 page study score in 1958 . The score , edited by David Lloyd-Jones , is included in the William Walton Edition , in volume 14 , “ Overtures ” .
Vilém Tauský arranged a reduced orchestra version in 1957 .
First performance
Malcolm Sargent conducted the South African Broadcasting Corporation Symphony Orchestra on September 25 , 1956 in a broadcast from City Hall in Johannesburg .
Efrem Kurtz introduced the work to Britain in a Liverpool Philharmonic concert on 13 November 1956 .
First recording
The composer recorded the work with the Philharmonia Orchestra on 26 March 1957 .
André Kostelanetz recorded the work with the New York Philharmonic in the Columbia 30th Street Studios on 2 December 1959 .
References
Kennedy , Michael . Portrait of Walton . Oxford University Press , 1990 , pp . 195–196 .
Lloyd , Stephen . William Walton : Muse of Fire . The Boydell Press , 2001. pp . 229 , 244 , 257 , 307 .
North , James H. New York Philharmonic : The Authorized Recordings , 1917–2005 . The Scarecrow Press , 2006 , pp . 120 & 341 .
Tierney , Neil . William Walton : Their Life and Time . Robert Hale , 1984 , p. 202 .
Compositions by William Walton
Concert overtures
1956 compositions
Johannesburg
Burmese curry refers to a diverse array of dishes in Burmese cuisine that consist of protein or vegetables simmered or stewed in an aromatic curry base Burmese curries generally differ from other Southeast Asian curries ( e.g. , Thai curry ) in that Burmese curries make use of dried spices in addition to fresh herbs and aromatics , and are often milder . Burmese curries are readily available in curry houses throughout the country . They are traditionally accompanied with rice and a variety of side dishes , soups , and Burmese salads called athoke . Burmese curries may also be paired with flatbreads like nanbya , palata , aloo puri , and toshay .
Ingredients
A curry base of fresh onions , shallots , garlic , chilis , ginger , and turmeric powder is typically used to prepare most Burmese curries . Dried spices such as paprika , chili powder , spice mixes like garam masala ( generically called masala in Burmese ) also feature in many Burmese curries . The Burmese masala spice blend typically consists of ground cinnamon or cassia , cardamon , cloves , and black pepper .
The curry base and dried spices are then fried in heated oil , in a process called hsi that ( , ) . Some Burmese curries also require the use of fresh herbs , such as lemongrass , curry leaf , pyindawthein , and fresh tamarind paste . Shan and Kachin curries make more liberal use of fresh herbs such as galangal and sawtooth coriander . Burmese curries are generally seasoned using fish sauce , salt , or ngapi ( fermented shrimp or fish paste ) , and are traditionally cooked in a blend of peanut oil and sesame oil .
Terminology
The Burmese language does not have a single word for `` curry ; '' the closest approximation is the word hin ( ဟင်း ) , which is used to describe protein-based dishes eaten with rice . Burmese curries can be generally categorized by cooking technique , used ingredients , or region .
The most common variety is called sibyan ( ဆီပြန် ; ) , which is typified by a layer of oil that separates from the gravy and meat after cooked . The name itself refers to the cooking technique that is used . In sibyan , the curry ingredients are simmered in a combination of water and oil until the water has completely boiled off , leaving a layer of oil that separates and rises to the top , which enables the raw and potent curry paste ingredients to properly blend and become milder in taste . Another common variety of curries is called hnat ( နှပ် ; ) , in which gamier proteins like goat are braised or slowly simmered . The names of other Burmese curries are typically suffixed with -hin ( -ဟင်း ) or -chet ( -ချက် ) .
List of Burmese curries
The repertoire of Burmese curries has not been codified . Common variations of Burmese curries are listed below .
Pork
Pork sibyan ( ဝက်သားဆီပြန် ) – classic Burmese curry with fatty cuts of pork
Pork hnat ( ဝက်သားနှပ် ) – a sweetened pork curry braised with vinegar and soy sauce
Pork and pickled mango curry ( ဝက်သားသရက်သီးသနပ်ချက် ) – a sour and sweet pork curry cooked with pickled mangoes
Pork tripe sibyan ( ဝက်ကလီစာဆီပြန် ) – a curry of pork intestines and viscera ( kaliza )
Red braised pork curry ( ဝက်သားနီချက် ) – a sweet braised curry of caramelized pork belly and soy sauce similar to Chinese red braised pork belly
Fermented bean paste pork curry ( ဝက်ပုန်းရည်ကြီး ) – a curry of pork cooked with pon ye gyi ( fermented bean paste )
Pork and bamboo shoot curry ( ဝက်သားမျှစ်ချဉ် ) – a sour curry of pork and pickled bamboo shoots
Pork meatball sibyan ( ဝက်သားလုံးဆီပြန် ) – a curry of fried pork meatballs cooked in gravy
Fermented tea leaf pork hnat ( ဝက်သားလက်ဖက်နှပ် ) – a sour and spicy curry of pork braised with lahpet ( pickled tea leaves )
Poultry
Chicken sibyan ( ကြက်သားဆီပြန် ) – the classic Burmese curry , served with a thick gravy of aromatics
Bachelor 's chicken curry ( ကြက်ကာလသားချက် ) – a red and watery chicken curry cooked with calabash
Kachin-style chicken curry ( ကြက်ကချင်ချက် ) – an herbal curry of chicken cooked with basil , sawtooth coriander , Vietnamese coriander , and dried metlin bark
Mon-style chicken curry ( ကြက်မွန်ချက် ) – a watery chicken curry , cooked with dried marian plum , lemongrass stalks and sawtooth coriander
Chicken and potato curry ( ကြက်သားဟင်း ) – an Indian-inspired curry of chicken and potatoes cooked with a masala spice mix
Chicken and chickpea curry ( ကြက်သားကုလားပဲချက် )
Duck sibyan ( ဘဲသားဆီပြန် ) – a curry of duck cooked with dried spices ( e.g. , star anise or cumin ) , and served with a thick gravy of aromatics
Goat and beef
Beef hnat ( အမဲနှပ် ) – a braised beef curry similar to Indonesian rendang
Goat hnat ( ဆိတ်သားနှပ် ) – a braised goat curry spiced with masala , cinnamon sticks , bay leaf , and cloves
Goat and chickpea curry ( ဆိတ်သားကုလားပဲချက် )
Fish and seafood
Fried fish curry ( ငါးကြော်ချက် or ငါးကြော်နှပ် ) – a curry of deep-fried steak cuts of fish and tomatoes
Steamed hilsa curry ( ငါးသလောက်ပေါင်း ) – a curry of hilsa fish and tomatoes , which is slowly simmered to melt the fish bones
Sardine curry ( ငါးသေတ္တာချက် ) – a curry of sardines cooked with tomatoes
Prawn sibyan ( ပုစွန်ဆီပြန် ) – a curry of whole prawns cooked in a sibyan gravy and shrimp oil ( ပုစွန်ဆီ ) , similar to tomalley
Snakefish intestine sibyan ( ငါးရံ့အူဆီပြန် ) – a curry of striped snakefish intestines
Eel sibyan ( ငါးရှဉ့်ဆီပြန် )
Catfish and morinda sibyan ( ငါးခူရဲယိုရွက်ဆီပြန် ) – a curry of walking catfish and morinda leaves
Other
Egg curry ( ဘဲဥချဥ်ရည်ဟင်း ) – a sour curry made with hardboiled duck or chicken eggs , cooked in tamarind paste and mashed tomatoes
Eggplant curry ( ခရမ်းသီးချက် ) – a curry of slow-cooked eggplants and tomatoes
Lablab bean hnat ( ပဲကြီးနှပ် ) – a curry of braised lablab beans
Roselle curry ( ချဉ်ပေါင်ချက် ) – a sour curry of roselle leaves , bamboo shoots , and dried shrimp
Khayan thi ngachauk chet ( ခရမ်းသီးငါးခြောက်ချက် ) – aubergine cooked lightly with a small amount of oil , with dried fish and chilli
Kima palata ( ကီးမားပလာတာ ) – a paratha stuffed with curried ground meat ( keema )
Pyay palata ( ပြည်ပလာတာ ) – a salad of paratha , chicken and potato curry , and raw onions
Tofu curry ( တိုဟူးချက် ) – Sliced Burmese tofu curried with fresh tomatoes , onions and garlic , cooked in peanut oil and fish sauce , and garnished with coriander and green chilli
Noodle curries
Specially prepared curries also form the base for several Burmese noodle dishes , including :
Ohn no khauk swe ( အုန်းနို့ခေါက်ဆွဲ ) – a coconut milk noodle soup , served in a broth of chicken curry
Shwedaung khauk swe ( ရွှေတောင်ခေါက်ဆွဲ ) – a dry noodle dish of egg noodles , served with chicken curry and coconut milk
Nangyi thoke ( နန်းကြီးသုပ် ) – a salad of thick rice noodles , mixed with chicken curry and gravy
Panthay khauk swe ( ပန်းသေးခေါက်ဆွဲ ) – a fried noodle dish of Chinese Muslim origin , served with a chicken curry cooked in a blend of spices including cardamom , cloves , star anise , and bay leaf
References
See also
Burmese cuisine
Kaeng hang le
Burmese cuisine
Burmese culture
Food paste
Curry
Mong Yang Township ( ) is a township of Kengtong District ( Chiang Tung District ) in the Shan State of Burma . The capital town is Mong Yang . Mong Pawk is part of it but is under UWSA control .
References
Townships of Shan State
Mosque Tevragh Zeina is a mosque in Tevragh-Zeina , Nouakchott , Mauritania . It is located southeast of the Stade olympique , immediately to the east of the Clinique Chiva .
See also
Islam in Mauritania
References
Buildings and structures in Nouakchott
Mosques in Mauritania
The Information Technology Professional Examination Council ( ITPEC ) , is an organization that conducts information technology examinations throughout Asian countries . It was formed to promote information exchange among examination bodies in Asia , and to facilitate such efforts as the development of common examination questions and the administration of the exam on the same date and time . It was established to support international strategies in the spheres of software development and information technology human resources .
It was established in November 2005 by representatives from the countries that have adopted JITEC-IPA 's Examination Skill Standards to conduct the Common IP , FE and SW Examinations . These examinations are loosely based on the Japanese Information-Technology Engineers Examination .
The council 's members currently include the Philippines , Thailand , Vietnam , Myanmar , Malaysia , Mongolia , Japan and Bangladesh . These countries agreed to conduct the examination on the same date and time with the same set of questions , so that the examination is consistent among all of the member countries . This consistency enables accurate measurement of the skills of the examinees , as the region shares one set of IT Skill Standards .
ITPEC Members
Information Technology Promotion Agency ( IPA ) - Japan
Philippine National IT Standards Foundation ( PhilNITS )
Multimedia Technology Enhancement & Operations Sendirian Berhad ( METEOR ) - Malaysia
Myanmar Computer Federation ( MCF )
National IT Park ( NITP ) - Mongolia
NSTDA Academy - Thailand
Hi-tech Incubation and Training Center ( HITC ) - Vietnam
Bangladesh Computer Council ( BCC ) - Bangladesh
Certifications
ITPEC IP Exam
The ITPEC Information Technology Passport Examination ( ITPEC IP Exam ) is loosely based on the Japan Information Technology Passport Examination translated in English , Thai , Vietnamese , Mongol , and Burmese . The exam requires the person to have basic knowledge in IT that all business workers should commonly possess , perform and utilize IT related tasks in his/her charge .
Facts
Exam Duration : 120 minutes
Exam Type : Multiple Choice ( One per four choices ) , 100 questions
Short Question type - one question per item , 88 questions
Medium Question type - four questions per item , 12 questions ( 3 items )
Exam Sections :
Technology Field - 45 %
Management Field - 20 %
Strategy Field - 35 %
Point Allocation : 1000 points
Grading Method : According to raw points , point weight are allocated for each question
Passing criteria : A pass is granted when both conditions are satisfied :
Total points should be more than 60 % or 600+ points
Points in each field : more than 30 % of the maximum points in each of the three fields . ( Strategy more than 140 , Management more than 60 , Technology more than 110 )
Scope
Computer systems and networks ; office tools utilization .
Performance , characteristics and functions of information devices
OS settings and application software
Office tools utilization , other application software and groupware used in the workplace
Corporate activity and related tasks , systematic thinking and logical thinking , problem analysis and problem-solving methodologies .
Task work flows , issue identification
Simple analytical methods , IT and identity issues
Independent and consensus approach to solutions
Relevant laws and regulations , various information security provisions .
Compliance to information technology and intellectual property laws and regulations
Internal compliance programs
Processes to prevent leakage , loss or damage of information
Internet usage
Development and operations of information systems .
Investigation and organization of data
Systematization of tasks
ITPEC FE Exam
The ITPEC Fundamental Information Technology Engineer Examination ( ITPEC FE Exam ) is loosely based on the Japan Information Technology Fundamental IT Engineers Examination translated in English , Thai , Vietnamese , Mongol , and Burmese . The scope of the examination covers knowledge and skills required by individuals who have basic knowledge and skills related to general aspects of information technology , including those who compose program design sheets , construct programs , and conduct a series of operations to the extent of unit tests in information systems development projects .
The Information Technology Engineers Examination ( ITEE ) was first administered in Japan in 1969 , and in 1970 it became a national examination under the former Ministry of International Trade and Industry ( MITI , now Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry [ METI ] ) . It has grown into one of the largest scale national examinations in Japan and has played an important role in the development of IT engineers .
In October 2000 , the `` Asian Common IT Skill Standards Initiative '' , proposed by Japan , was adopted at the ASEAN plus Japan , the
People 's Republic of China , and the Republic of Korea meeting . In accordance with this initiative , we are working toward the mutual
recognition of skill standards for IT engineers in Asia . This collaboration is expected to help increase cross-border utilization of IT human resources and stimulate business alliances across the region . Since April 2006 , the common FE examination has been
conducted twice a year , in the first Sunday of April and third Sunday October at simultaneously starting 1000H Japanese Standard Time .
Test sections
The exam is administered for a total of five hours and broken into two parts :
The AM Exam is a multiple-choice examination that runs 150 minutes . It is composed of 80 questions , all of which are compulsory and in multiple choice . It generally involves application of the fundamental IT concepts and terms , simple numerical calculations and logical analysis . Total score is 1000 and each question has its own weight depending on its difficulty . 600 points is the passing score .
The PM Exam is a multiple-choice examination that runs 150 minutes . It covers knowledge and skills required by individuals who were able to implement pseudocodes and flowcharts . It will require skills in debugging and ability to trace the output of a structured program . Total score is 1000 and each question has its own weight depending on its difficulty . 600 points is the passing score .
Each question may have several sub-questions , each answered by multiple choice . The final portion is composed of two 4-question sets . The person must select only one question set depending on their choice of programming language to use ( either C programming language or Java programming language ) .
Scope
ITPEC AP Exam
The ITPEC Applied Information Technology Examination , formerly known as Software Design and Development Engineer Examination , is also loosely based on its Japanese counterpart , the IPA SW Exam , require individuals who have least two years work experience in software development and have the ability to compose internal design and program design sheets , construct effective programs for information systems development projects , and perform a series of processes ranging from unit tests to integrated tests . It is conducted once a year in the same venue of the FE Exams .
The exam is administered for a total of five and a half hours and broken into two parts :
AM Exam , a multiple-choice examination that lasts 150 minutes , and
PM Written Exams : First sub-part runs for 120 minutes and the final sub-part runs for 60 minutes .
External links
ITPEC Official website
PhilNITS ( Philippines )
IPA ( Japan )
BD-ITEC ( Bangladesh )
METEOR ( Malaysia )
NITP ( Mongolia )
MCF ( Myanmar )
NSTDA Academy ( Thailand )
VITEC ( Vietnam )
References
Professional associations based in Asia
Information technology qualifications
The United Wireless Arena is a multi-purpose venue in Dodge City , Kansas . The arena sits adjacent to the Boot Hill Casino and is connected to the Boot Hill Casino & Resort Conference Center . The United Wireless Arena and the Boot Hill Casino & Resort Conference Center are both managed by VenuWorks .
It was originally known as the `` Dodge City/Ford County Events Center '' before United Wireless purchased the naming rights to the facility in 2010 .
The conference center is one large space ( 7,200 sq feet ) that can be subdivided into six separate areas . The arena has a seating capacity of 5,300 spectators .
The arena became home to the Dodge City Law of the Champions Indoor Football ( CIF ) league from 2014 until 2017 . The Law were resurrected for the 2021 season after the Oklahoma Flying Aces withdrew one week before the season start by using the Flying Aces roster and staff . The CIF then granted an expansion team to Dodge City for the following season called the Southwest Kansas Storm . The arena hosts sporting events ( KSHSAA volleyball and basketball tournaments , NJCAA basketball playoffs , MMA wrestling matches ) along with music concerts , comedians , beauty pageants , other traveling events .
Every winter , United Wireless Arena freezes the arena floor for public ice skating and for local hockey leagues to practice on . It takes over 10,000 gallons of water to create one-inch of ice and over four days of full-time labor for four people to install the ice . The subfloor is lowered to 16 degrees ( F ) and the air temperature is below 58 degrees ( F ) to maintain the ice floor .
References
Indoor arenas in Kansas
Sports venues in Kansas
Arena football venues
Buildings and structures in Dodge City , Kansas
Tourist attractions in Ford County , Kansas
Dodge City Law
Aghondi is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania . In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 6,000 people in the ward , from 5,468 in 2012 .
References
Wards of Singida Region
Manyoni District
Silent Night , Bloody Night : The Homecoming is a 2013 British slasher film and remake of the 1972 American film Silent Night , Bloody Night .
Plot
Jeffrey inherits their grandfather 's abandoned home and arrives in town to negotiate its sale . No one knows an ax-wielding maniac lives in the house and does not like strangers .
Cast
Adrienne King as the mysterious voice
Alan Humphreys as Jeffrey Butler
Mel Stevens as Diane Adams
Sabrina Dickens as Marianne Butler
Philip Harvey as Wilfred Butler
See also
Silent Night , Bloody Night 2 : Revival , sequel to the original film
References
External links
2013 horror films
2013 films
2010s English-language films
Horror film remakes
2010s Christmas horror films
British Christmas horror films
2010s British films
Playacar is an upscale resort area of Playa del Carmen .
Located in Playa del Carmen in the state of Quintana Roo , Mexico in the municipality of Solidaridad , it is a gated community that has grown with Playa del Carmen , just south of its main urban area . Playacar is approximately 40 minutes drive from Cancun .
It is composed of 2 sections : the first one , Playacar Phase 1 offers by-the-sea secluded beaches and villas , very close to downtown Playa del Carmen . The second , Playacar Phase II , was built around a golf course designed by Robert von Hagge , and exposes all-inclusive resorts and private villas all around .
In popular culture
In I Love New York , the section is used as a location for filming in the season finale .
External links
Touristinfo ″Playa del Carmen - Playacar″
Populated places in Quintana Roo
Solidaridad ( municipality )
Seaside resorts in Mexico
Clement Clay may refer to :
Clement Comer Clay ( 1789–1866 ) , Governor of Alabama 1835–1837 , and U.S . Senator from Alabama 1837–1841
Clement Claiborne Clay ( 1816–1882 ) , son of Clement Comer Clay ; U.S . Senator from Alabama 1853–1861 , and Confederate States senator from Alabama 1861–1863
Bone Creek is a stream located entirely within Ritchie County , West Virginia .
Bone Creek was descriptively named for the animal bones discovered along its course . The animals were attracted to a salt lick .
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of Ritchie County , West Virginia
Rivers of West Virginia
The Zalău ( ) is a right tributary of the river Crasna in northwestern Romania . It flows through the town Zalău . It discharges into the Crasna in Sărmășag . Its length is and its basin size is .
Hydronymy
There are several hypotheses which have been made regarding the origin of the river 's name ( or of the town with the same name located on the upper reach of the river ) :
the name is derived from the word `` silaj '' , meaning belt in the language spoken by the Eurasian Avars
the name is derived from the expression `` sil es agz '' , meaning bed of elm trees in Hungarian
the name is a Hungarian transcription of the `` Zillenmarkt '' , the German name of Zalău city .
Tributaries
The tributaries of the Zalău are :
left : Valea Miței , Panic , Siciu , Lescuț
right : Guruslău
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Sălaj County
Wright Peak ( ) is a small rock Peak ( ) located south of Sutley Peak in the Jones Mountains . It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party of 1960–61 which named it for Herb Wright , a glacial geologist from the University of Minnesota and an advisor to the party and visited Antarctica in the 1961–62 season .
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Mony Mony is a studio album by Tommy James and the Shondells . It was released in 1968 . The record includes the band 's hit single `` Mony Mony '' which reached # 1 on the UK Singles Chart and # 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 . It reached # 193 on the Billboard 200 . While trying to come up with lyrics for the music they had already recorded , James spotted a sign for Mutual of New York , sing their acronym MONY .
Track listing
Charts
Album
Singles
References
1968 albums
Tommy James and the Shondells albums
Roulette Records albums
Laguépie is a railway station in Laguépie , Occitanie , France . The station is on the Brive–Toulouse ( via Capdenac ) railway line . The station is served by TER ( local ) services operated by SNCF .
Train services
The following services currently call at Laguépie :
local service ( TER Occitanie ) Toulouse–Figeac–Aurillac
References
Railway stations in Tarn-et-Garonne
Alan Brogan ( born 11 January 1982 ) is a Gaelic footballer from the St Oliver Plunketts/Eoghan Ruadh club who played for the Dublin county team from 2002 until their retirement in 2015 . They can play in the full forward line but usually played centre half forward for Dublin .
From a famous family , Brogan , is the son of former all-Ireland winning and All Star player Bernard Snr and is the brother of Dublin players Bernard Jnr and Paul . Their uncle Jim was also an inter-county footballer for Dublin . In September 2004 , Brogan was appointed as St Oliver Plunkett Eoghan Ruadh 's Games Promotion Officer . In 2008 , they captained Dublin in the Championship , replacing Colin Moran .
Having represented county , province and country , Brogan won their first Leinster Senior Football Championship medal in 2002 , won an All-Ireland under-21 medal with Dublin in 2003 and scored 9 points for Ireland in their 2004 International Rules Series victory over Australia .
Playing career
Early years : 2002 – 2005
Brogan made their debut for Dublin in 2002 against Wexford .
Brogan finished the 2005 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship with 2–20 compared to their league total of 0–03 . They were on the Dublin team that won the 2005 Leinster Senior Football Championship against Laois at Croke Park , finishing the game with just 0-01 .
They were named on Ireland 's preliminary international rules squad but opted out due to injury .
1st and 2nd All Star years : 2006 – 2007
In a controversial 2006 NFL game against Tyrone , Brogan was sent off for two yellow card offences and suspended for eight weeks in accordance with Rule 140 . Brogan , Ciarán Whelan , Bryan Cullen and Kevin Bonner , along with Tyrone 's Kevin Hughes , Michael McGee and Owen Mulligan were exonerated of all charges , the official reason given being ' a technicality ' .
Brogan finished the 2006 season with only 0-06 in the O'Byrne Cup . Their 2006 NFL tally was 1–08 , well behind their Dublin counterparts Tomás Quinn 3–22 ( 2–0 pens , 0-13f , 0–4 '45 ' ) and Conal Keaney 2–12 ( 0-6f ) . They were part of the Dublin team that beat Offaly to win a Leinster senior title that year . They were tipped , by some ( including those at the hoganstand.com ) to win an Star . Ahead of the Dublin Senior Club Football Championship quarter-final with their club St Oliver plunketts , Brogan was a doubt for the game after being taken off in the match with a suspected broken wrist . The injury proved minor and they went on to take Plunketts as far as a controversial loss against Na Fianna in the quarter-final of the 2006 Dublin championship . The club success continued with a Dublin league division two title which gives Brogans team automatic promotion to the top division in Dublin football which is Division one .
In 2006 , they won their first All Star in the half forward line for their performances with Dublin . Seán Boylan named them in their compromise rules squad to play Australia in the first test at Pearse Stadium on 29 October 2006 . Brogan was named on the inaugural GPA Gaelic Team of the Year which began in 2006 . They were named at centre half-forward on the 2006 Dublin Bus/Evening Herald Blue Star football XV .
Brogan had a disappointing league campaign as Dublin were relegated from NFL division one in 2007 . Yet they won the 2007 Leinster Senior Football Championship but Dublin were knocked out of the All-Ireland by Kerry in the semi-final . They were awarded an Star at left half forward .
Dublin captaincy : 2008
Brogan captained the 2008 Dublin senior team . They made their debut as captain against Carlow in the O'Byrne Cup . They won the Dublin AFL Division 1 title with their club St Oliver Plunketts Eoghan Ruadh . It was the first league title in the club 's history . With Dublin they won the 2008 O'Byrne Cup by beating Longford in the final .
They won their fifth Leinster title in 2008 , with Dublin beating Wexford by 3–23 to 0–9 and setting a new record the biggest Leinster final win . Brogan scored 1–03 .
Later years : 2009 –
In 2009 , Brogan won another Leinster title with Dublin , but their season ended with defeat to Kerry in the All-Ireland quarter-final .
Brogan scored 0–03 points for Dublin against Wexford in the 2011 Leinster Senior Football Championship at Croke Park . Dublin finished the game as Leinster champions with a 2–12 to 1–12 win . In a repeat of the previous years All-Ireland quarter-final , Dublin were drawn against Tyrone . Brogan produced another solid performance for Dublin , scoring 0–03 in a game that forward Connolly dominated play . Dublin ended the game with a comfortable win at a packed Croke Park . The game ended 0–22 to 0–15 and Dublin went on to meet Ulster Champions Donegal the All-Ireland semi-final . Brogan failed to score a goal in a game that finished on a low scoreline of 0–08 to 0–06 . Dublin were in an All-Ireland final for the first time since 1995 – their opponents , historical rivals Kerry . Brogan only scored 0–02 . Dublin won 1–12 to 1–11 , coming from behind in the last four minutes . On 21 October 2011 , Brogan won their third All Star and succeeded brother Bernard as All Stars Footballer of the Year .
On 20 September 2015 , Brogan won their third All-Ireland title when Dublin defeated Kerry by 0–12 to 0–9 in the final . Brogan came on for the last four minutes of the game and got Dublin 's last point of the game .
On 15 December 2015 , Brogan announced their retirement from inter-county football .
In a statement they said `` Today I would like to announce my retirement from inter-county football . I leave behind a wonderfully gifted football team but take with me many great memories , friendships and bonds . I would like to thank all the players that I soldiered with and against , and the managers and mentors who have guided me from an early age when I began the pursuit of my sporting dreams . ''
Career statistics
Honours
County
Leinster Senior Football Championship ( 11 ) : 2002 , 2005 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship ( 3 ) : 2011 , 2013 , 2015
National Football League ( 3 ) : 2013 , 2014 , 2015
References
External links
St. Oliver Plunkett 's G.A.A Club Website
Kevin Hughes Article On Suspension of Dublin and Tyrone Players ( 2006 )
1982 births
Living people
Alan
Dublin inter-county Gaelic footballers
Gaelic football forwards
Irish international rules football players
St Oliver Plunketts/Eoghan Ruadh Gaelic footballers
Sportspeople from Dublin ( city )
Winners of three All-Ireland medals ( Gaelic football )
People educated at St. Declan 's College , Dublin
Borów-Kolonia refers to the following places in Poland :
Borów-Kolonia , Krasnystaw County
Borów-Kolonia , Opole Lubelskie County
Victoria Bitter ( VB ) is a lager produced by Carlton & United Breweries , a subsidiary of Asahi , in Melbourne , Victoria . It was first and brewed by Thomas Aitken at Victoria Brewery in 1854 and is one of the best selling beers in Australia .
History
The origins of Victoria Bitter ( VB ) date back to the Victoria Brewery founder and head brewer Thomas Aitken , who developed the recipe in 1854 . Like most Australian lagers , VB is made using a wortstream brewing process , and uses a portion of cane sugar to thin out the body of the beer .
It is available in 750 mL bottles ( commonly referred to as a `` Longneck '' , `` Seven-Fifty '' , `` Bomber '' , `` King Brown '' , or a `` Tallie '' ) , 500 mL cans ( `` Lunch greens '' , `` The Big Cold Can '' ) , 375 mL bottles ( `` Stubbies '' , a `` Pint '' or `` Short-neck '' ) , 375 mL cans ( `` Tinnies '' , `` Boonies '' , `` Green Cans '' or `` Gweens '' ) , and 250 mL bottles ( `` Grenades '' , `` Twisties '' or `` Throwies '' ) . For a limited time only , VB was available in the Northern Territory in a 1-litre can nicknamed a 'Killer can ' ( Kilo can ) . As with all packaged beer sold in Australia it was for many years only available in 750 mL or 26 2/3 fl oz ( 1/6 imperial gallon ) bottles , until the introduction of `` stubbies '' and smaller cans . In a testament to its long history and popularity , VB has acquired a number of nicknames , ranging from the abbreviated `` Vic Bitter '' , `` Veebs '' , polite `` Very Best '' , `` vitamin B '' and `` Victory Beer '' , for after a win in the footy . At Australian gatherings ( for example , backyard barbeques ) it is referred to as `` The Staple '' as being the default brand of beer consumed .
The beer began to gain wide popularity in the mid 1960s with an innovative television advertising campaign featuring a very similar recording to the theme from the film The Magnificent Seven , images of working-class Australians at work and play , and a voice-over by notable Australian actor John Meillon used the slogan ; `` For A Hard Earned Thirst . '' The campaign was used until quite recently and was reinvented in 2018 with the launch of the 'New Knock Off Times ' Campaign . In 2004 , VB commanded more than a 25 per cent market share , meaning that one in four beers sold in Australia was a VB .
In July 2007 Foster 's announced it would cut the alcohol content of VB from 4.9 % to 4.8 % in a bid to save millions of dollars in tax payments . The brewer cut the alcohol percentage of VB further in 2009 , reducing it to 4.6 % in an effort to make further savings . On 3 September 2012 , CUB announced VB would be going back to its original 4.9 % alcohol recipe and its original packaging . CUB had received many complaints since it was changed to 4.6 % in 2009 , and the beer had lost a large amount of market share . The updated VBs began rolling out in late October 2012 . As of 2013 , VB was the most popular beer in Australia , with 12.2 per cent market share .
Sales and availability
According to ACNielsen in 2009 , Victoria Bitter was claimed to be Australia 's only billion dollar retail beer brand , selling the equivalent of one slab ( 24 x 375ml cans or bottles ) every second . At one time VB sold twice as much as any other full strength beer and was the only Australian beer brand that is in the top 3 sellers in every state . Victoria Bitter held the highest market share of all beer sold in Australia for more than two decades , but in 2012 lost this position to XXXX Gold .
In April 2011 VB held 13.7 % volume share and XXXX Gold had 11.7 % . Just one year on in April 2012 VB had dropped to 12.3 % , while XXXX Gold took the lead with 12.4 % .
In addition to being sold in Australia , Victoria Bitter is also available in New Zealand , Bali , Indonesia , the UK , and , to a limited extent , other countries abroad . When the joint venture Angkor Brewing Co. was established in Cambodia in 1992 , VB was briefly brewed in Sihanoukville , and later imported ; it held a significant share of the premium beer market until 1994 .
Despite its name , Victoria Bitter is a standard commercial lager rather than a bitter . Since late 2012 , Victoria Bitter has been sold at a strength of 4.9 % ABV after an interim period of producing the same product at an ABV of 4.6 % ( equal to virtually every other major Australian lager ) . The VB sold commercially in New Zealand is both 4.9 % and 4.6 % available in 375ml quantities in either bottles or cans .
VB Gold
In 2007 , Foster 's launched a new , midstrength version of VB called VB Midstrength Lager with an alcohol volume of 3.5 % , in order to capitalise on the growing market for midstrength beers , currently dominated by XXXX Gold . In May 2007 , The launch was Foster 's first ever mainstream variation of the VB brand . In 2009 , Carlton & United Breweries re-branded VB Midstrength to the new name VB Gold and in 2017 reduced the alcohol content to 3 % .
TV builder Scott Cam , a self-confessed VB fan , is the appointed VB Mid Ambassador .
On 24 July 2007 , The Australian reported that within three months of Fosters launching VB Midstrength , market share for the full strength VB and mid VB had increased . Foster 's regional marketing director Anthony Heraghty hinted at further VB brand extensions , saying Foster 's was `` trying to see past the big green giant '' .
During the 2008 Rugby League World Cup , VB Gold was advertised on TV by Australian Rugby League legends Wally Lewis and Gorden Tallis .
VB RAW
In September 2009 CUB released VB RAW to compete in the low carb market . The alcohol volume was 4.5 % . VB Raw was discontinued in late 2010 due to poor sales .
Marketing and promotion
In 2009 , Foster 's replaced the slogan from the '60s `` A hard earned thirst needs a big cold beer , and the best cold beer is Vic , Victoria Bitter '' with `` VB – The Drinking Beer '' as part of a marketing strategy to reposition VB to a broader range of drinkers . The new slogan , as part of a campaign called `` The Regulars '' included a brand website for the first time , including a production line live webcam . Advertising ran on TV and radio , in print , outdoor , online and at point of sale . In 2015 , Carlton and United Breweries revived the `` hard earned thirst '' campaign .
In 2018 Victoria Bitter revisited the idea of knock off with the launch of a new campaign called new knock off times expanding its brand positioning to celebrate Australia 's changing workforce .
Marking its 50th anniversary of TV advertising , the ad celebrates the change in Australia 's workforce that 's taken place over the half century . These days , there 's no one time that people knock off . 4.00pm might still be the end of the day for some , but for others , it might very well be the beginning of their day .
In 2005 , VB had started a promotion where David Boon became the face of Victoria Bitter ( VB ) beer for its 2005/06 summer advertising campaign , called Boonanza . Part of the promotion was the sale of a talking David Boon figurine with purchases of cartons of beer , which would make comments when prompted by Channel Nine commentary . In late 2006 , the Boonanza promotion returned as Boonanza II for the 2006–07 Ashes series . The promotion included former England cricket captain Ian Botham as a talking figure , who would interact alongside an updated David Boon figure .
For the 2007–08 Australian cricket series , Shane Warne took over as VB spokesperson from David Boon . Warne also had a talking figurine as part of a Warnie promotion , taking over from the highly successful Talking Boony dolls from the two previous Boonanza promotions .
On 6 July 2011 , Foster 's released VB packaged in limited edition 1958 heritage cans . The packaging had the original artwork of the 1958 VB product , but also included a standard ring pull on each can , something which was lacking on the original .
VB has invested heavily in sponsorships of Australian rugby league . It is currently the official beer of the NRL , the naming rights sponsor for NRL Friday Night Football and the main sponsor of the Australian national rugby league team , the Kangaroos .
Victoria Bitter was also the main sponsor of the Australian Tri-Series for five years between 2001–02 and 2005–06 . During this time the series was renamed The VB Series .
Victoria Bitter were sponsors the away Test , ODI and Twenty20 teams for the Australia national cricket team from 2008 tountil 2014 . In 2013 , Cricket Australia agreed to remove the logo of Muslim cricketer Fawad Ahmed 's uniform due to their faith 's ban on alcohol .
The previous advertising campaign was called the Stubby Symphony , where 100 members of the Melbourne and Victorian orchestras play the theme from The Magnificent Seven only using VB beer bottles . The campaign was created by George Patterson Y & R in Melbourne .
VB launched a new advertising campaign in Australia in July 2009 to coincide with the SBS television broadcast of the 2009 The Ashes cricket series . They will drop the famous tag `` For a hard earned thirst .. '' for `` VB – The Drinking Beer '' .
See also
Australian pub
Beer in Australia
List of breweries in Australia
References
External links
Official VB Website
Official product webpage
Australian beer brands
Foster 's Group
Culture in Victoria ( Australia )
Food and drink companies established in 1854
1854 establishments in Australia
Asahi Breweries
is a railway station in Iwakuni , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Yū Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line .
Layout
Yū Station has one side platform ( track 1 ) and one island platform ( track 2,3 ) . Both platforms are on ground and they are connected with an overpass . The station office with a Midori no Madoguchi ticket office is in front of the side platform .
Adjacent stations
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1897
Zarnell Stephen Fitch ( born July 6 , 1983 ) is an American football coach and former player . They were signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2006 , spent time with two other NFL teams and played in several other professional leagues . They are currently the Defensive Line Coach at Texas Tech Red Raiders football .
Early life
Fitch was born and raised by a single mother in Spencer , Oklahoma , a suburb of Oklahoma City . They graduated from Star Spencer High School in 2001 .
Playing career
College
The first two seasons of Fitch 's college football career came at Navarro College in Corsicana , Texas , where they were a two-year starter playing defensive tackle for the Bulldogs . As a sophomore in 2002 , they totalled 48 tackles , 2 sacks , a forced fumble and 2 fumble recoveries . They signed a national letter of intent to play at Tennessee in 2003 , but returned to Navarro that fall to completed their junior college academic requirements while not participating in football .
Following their one-year hiatus from competitive football , Fitch enrolled at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth , Texas in January 2004 . That fall , they played in eight games for the Horned Frogs , registering 10 tackles . In the first game of their senior season , Fitch registered a tackle for loss as TCU upset # 5 Oklahoma , 17-10 in Norman . They went on to start three games that season , helping the Frogs win a conference title in their first year as members of the Mountain West Conference . They registered 24 tackles for the season to go along with 1.5 sacks and 2 interceptions - including one in a 27-24 victory over Iowa State in the 2005 Houston Bowl .
Fitch graduated from TCU in May 2006 with a degree in communication and a minor in social work .
Professional
After going undrafted in the 2006 NFL Draft and sitting out the majority of that season , Fitch signed with the New York Jets in December and assigned to their practice squad . In the spring of 2007 , the Jets assigned Fitch to the Frankfurt Galaxy of NFL Europa where they started five games and helped lead the Galaxy to a berth in World Bowl XV .
Following an appearance in one preseason game for the Jets in 2007 , Fitch was waived on August 28 . They then signed with the Baltimore Ravens , spending the majority of the 2007 season with their practice squad but also being promoted to the active roster for 4 games . They signed with the Washington Redskins on July 27 , 2008 , but was waived two days later .
Fitch spent the 2009 season with the Green Bay Blizzard of the now-defunct AF2 , earning second-team All-AF2 honors They then spent the 2010 season with the Milwaukee Iron of the Arena Football League , registering one sack in 9 games .
Coaching career
The seeds of Fitch 's coaching career were sewn during their playing days , as their academic hiatus at Navarro JC in 2003 led to a battlefield promotion to serve as the Bulldogs ' defensive line coach at age 19 , and they served as a graduate assistant at TCU for part of the 2006 season prior to their signing with the Jets .
In 2011 , Fitch became an assistant coach at Lincoln High School in Dallas . After two seasons , they were promoted to become the Tigers ' head coach , leading them to a 7-4 record in 2013 that included a win over Dallas Carter in the Texas Class 4A State Playoffs .
Fitch returned to TCU in 2014 , when their former coach Gary Patterson hired them to become the Director of High School Relations on their staff , a position that placed them at the center of the Frogs ' recruiting operation . Two seasons later , Fitch was promoted to the on-field coaching staff as TCU 's Defensive Line Coach .
Under Fitch 's watch , five different TCU defensive linemen have earned 1st Team All-Big 12 honors :
Josh Carraway ( 2016 )
Mat Boesen ( 2017 )
Ben Banogu ( 2017 , 2018 )
L. J. Collier ( 2018 )
Ross Blacklock ( 2019 )
Additionally , current Horned Frog defensive tackle Corey Bethley was named a Freshman All-American in 2017 .
References
External links
Baltimore Ravens bio
TCU Horned Frogs bio
Washington Redskins bio
1983 births
Living people
Players of American football from Texas
American football defensive tackles
Navarro Bulldogs football players
TCU Horned Frogs football players
New York Jets players
Frankfurt Galaxy players
Baltimore Ravens players
Washington Redskins players
Green Bay Blizzard players
Milwaukee Iron players
Gona is a coastal village in Oro Province , Papua New Guinea .
History
Gona was the site of an Anglican church and mission .
During World War II , Imperial Japanese troops invaded on 21–22 July 1942 and established it as a base . Three missionaries were captured at Gona ; Father James Benson , May Hayman and Mavis Parkins . The two women and a six-year-old boy were beheaded on the beach . Father Benson was taken prisoner and sent to Rabaul where they remained until the end of the war in 1945 .
The was sunk by United States Army Air Forces and Royal Australian Air Force bombers in shallow water off Gona on 21 July 1942 . It later became known as The Gona Wreck .
Gona was recaptured by the Australian army during the Battle of Buna-Gona on 9 December 1942 .
References
William Manchester , American Caesar , 1978 , Little Brown Company , 793 pages ,
External links
Pacific War Wrecks
Populated places in Oro Province
John Hugh `` Adam '' Watson ( 10 August 1914 – 24 August 2007 ) was a British International relations theorist and researcher . Alongside Hedley Bull , Martin Wight , Herbert Butterfield , and others , they were one of the founding members of the English school of international relations theory .
They were born John Hugh Watson and educated at Rugby and King 's College , Cambridge . As an undergraduate at Cambridge , where they read History , Watson was taught by Herbert Butterfield ( later Sir Herbert , and Regius Professor of History ) . After a period of travel in central Europe in the late 1930s , they joined the British Diplomatic Service in 1937 , taking the nickname Adam `` after noticing that every head in the Foreign Office seemed to turn when someone asked for John '' . During the Second World War they acted as a liaison with the Free French in Cairo , played an unknown role in the Balkans , based in Bucharest , and was finally posted to Moscow , where they witnessed the victory celebrations of 1945 , standing alongside the Soviet Politburo and where they remained for the next four years .
In 1949 Watson joined the Foreign Office 's new Information Research Department ( IRD ) , which the historian Richard Aldrich has described as a 'covert political warfare section ' , as successor to the Political Warfare Executive ( PWE ) that had operated during the Second World War . A key figure in this organisation , they were first assistant to its Head , Ralph Murray , with the job of recruiting 'left-of-centre intellectuals ' for the production of anti-communist 'grey ' propaganda , and was later posted to Washington . In the USA they served as Britain 's 'psywar [ psychological warfare ] liaison officer ' ( Aldrich ) in Washington between 1950 and sometime in the mid-1950s , before becoming Head of the African Department of the Foreign Office during the Suez Crisis of 1956 . They served as Them Majesty 's Ambassador to Mali ( 1960–61 ) , Senegal , Mauritania and Togo ( 1960–62 ) , and finally Cuba ( 1962–66 ) . They returned to London in 1966 to spend two years as Assistant Under-Secretary of State at the Foreign Office before retiring early . After a period with British Leyland in the late 1960s , they entered academia , first at the Australian National University , at the invitation of Hedley Bull , and then in the United States , where they were Professor of International Studies at the University of Virginia .
In the late 1950s , it is likely that , given their extensive contacts in the United States and together with Kenneth W. Thompson , Watson was instrumental in facilitating the funding of the British Committee on the Theory of International Politics , chaired in its early years by their former supervisor , Butterfield , and funded by the Rockefeller Foundation . Watson became a member of Committee , attending when they were in the UK , and later becoming its third chairperson , in succession to Butterfield and to Martin Wight . They were instrumental in the production of The Expansion of International Society ( 1984 ) , edited with Hedley Bull , a key text of the English school of international relations . They also wrote a number of other significant works , including The Nature and Problems of the Third World ( 1968 ) , Diplomacy ( 1982 ) and The Evolution of International Society ( 1992 ) , a wide-ranging comparative study of historical international systems .
Works
1952 Problems of Adjustment in the Middle East ( Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science , vol . 282 )
1964 The War of the Goldsmith 's Daughter ( Chatto & Windus )
1984 ( ed . with H. Bull ) The Expansion of International Society ( Clarendon Press )
1992 The Evolution of International Society : A Comparative Historical Analysis ( Routledge )
1997 The Limits of Independence ( Routledge )
1998 The British Committee for the Theory of International Politics , some historical notes ( University of Leeds )
2002 International Relations and the Practice of Hegemony ( University of Leeds )
2002 Recollection of my discussions with Hedley Bull about the place in the history of International Relations of the idea of the Anarchical Society ( University of Leeds )
2004 Diplomacy : The Dialogue Between States , 2nd ed . ( Routledge )
2007 Hegemony & History ( Routledge )
References
Richard J. Aldrich , The Hidden Hand : Britain , America and Cold War Secret Intelligence ( Woodstock & New York : Overlook , 2002 )
Adam Bernstein , J. H. Watson , 93 ; British Envoy , Scholar , obituary , Washington Post , 14 September 2007
External links
Obituary in The Times , 17 October 2007
Some of their works , free for download
English School official website
1914 births
2007 deaths
British expatriate academics
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Mali
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Mauritania
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Cuba
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Togo
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Senegal
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of King 's College , Cambridge
Australian National University faculty
University of Virginia faculty
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Scholars of diplomacy
Information Research Department
The Luzon water redstart ( Phoenicurus bicolor ) , also known as the Luzon redstart , is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
It is endemic to the Philippines found primarily on Luzon with no records in Mindoro since 1965 . Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , and rivers .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
This species was formerly placed in the genus Rhyacornis but was moved to Phoenicurus based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2010 .
Description
EBird describes the bird as `` A fairly small bird of fast-flowing streams through foothill and montane forest or scrub . Slaty-blue with a rufous belly and tail . Female is a duller version of the male . Somewhat similar in color to Blue-headed Fantail , but has a shorter tail and is usually restricted to streams . Also similar to Blue Rock-Thrush , but smaller , with a dark tail . Song is a slightly ascending series of notes run together to sound like a quavering whistle . ''
They exhibit sexual dimorphism which males have the red belly and vents with the females having a plainer and more uniform blue plumage .
Its primary diet includes small invertebrates .
Habitat and Conservation Status
It inhabits the sides of clean , fast-flowing mountain streams and rivers , above 300 m. Adjacent habitat includes tropical montane forest , pine forest or just scrub and scattered trees . Records from Dalton Pass between August and December indicate that some birds wander post-breeding .
IUCN has assessed this bird as near-threatened with the population estimated at 2,500 to 9,999 mature individuals and continuing to decline . Its main threat is habitat degradation caused by pollution of its streams through mining and dumping of trash and agro-chemicals . It is also affected by legal and illegal logging and conversion of forest into farmland .
It occurs in a few protected areas such as Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park , Maria Aurora National Park , Balbalasang-Balbalan National Park , Mount Pulag National Park and Mt . Iglit-Baco National Park ( which is also the stronghold of the Tamaraw ) . However , as with most areas in the Philippines , protection from hunting and illegal logging is lax .
Conservation actions proposed include surveys of suitable mountain streams to clarify its distribution , population status and the influence of pollution and siltation on population . Research its ecological requirements and seasonal movements to facilitate conservation planning . Propose formal protection for other key sites . Stricted enforcement on controlling river pollution , mining and logging . Monitor water quality and habitat conditions in areas downstream of mining operations . Campaign for a ban on mining in key areas for this species .
References
Luzon water redstart
Birds of Luzon
Luzon water redstart
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Euchrysops banyo , the Banyo Mountain Cupid , is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in Nigeria and Cameroon . The habitat consists of submontane grassland .
References
Butterflies described in 2001
Euchrysops
American rapper Will Smith has released four studio albums , one compilation album , 18 singles ( 12 as lead artist and five as featured artist ) , one video album and 20 music videos ( 14 as lead artist , three as featured artist and three guest appearances ) . After working in the late 1980s and early 1990s with Jeff Townes as DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince , Smith began their solo career in 1997 with the release of `` Men in Black '' , the theme song for the film of the same name , which topped singles charts in several regions across the world , including the UK . `` Men in Black '' ( and second single `` Just Cruisin ' '' ) was later included on Smith 's debut solo album Big Willie Style , which reached the top ten of the US Billboard 200 and was certified nine times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) . The third single from the album , `` Gettin ' Jiggy wit It '' , became Smith 's first Billboard Hot 100 number one when it was released in 1998 .
Smith 's second album was again supported by the release of a film theme song as the lead single : `` Wild Wild West '' , featuring Dru Hill and Kool Moe Dee , topped the Billboard Hot 100 and was certified gold by the RIAA . The album in question , Willennium , reached number five on the Billboard 200 and was certified double platinum by the RIAA . `` Will 2K '' , the second single from the album , reached number 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 . Before the end of 1999 , a video album was released featuring Smith 's seven music videos released to date , which reached number 25 on the UK Music Video Chart . The same year , the rapper was also featured on The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air co-star Tatyana Ali 's single `` Boy You Knock Me Out '' , which reached number three on the UK Singles Chart and topped the UK R & B Singles Chart .
In 2002 , Smith returned with their third album Born to Reign , which reached number 13 on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA . The album 's lead single was Men in Black II theme song `` Black Suits Comin ' ( Nod Ya Head ) '' , which reached number three on the UK Singles Chart . Later in the year , Smith 's first compilation album The Greatest Hits was released , featuring songs from their three solo albums as well as those produced with DJ Jazzy Jeff . Smith 's latest album Lost and Found was released in 2005 , peaking at number six on the Billboard 200 . Lead single `` Switch '' reached the top ten of both the Billboard Hot 100 and the UK Singles Chart .
Smith released their first single in over ten years , `` Get Lit '' , on October 6 , 2017 .
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Video albums
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Promotional singles
Other charted songs
Guest appearances
Music videos
See also
DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince discography
Notes
References
External links
Will Smith discography at AllMusic
Will Smith discography at Discogs
Will Smith discography at MusicBrainz
Discography
Smith , Will
Smith , Will
The Stadium of Ksar is a sports field in northeastern Nouakchott , Mauritania . It is located to the northeast of the Presidential Palace , near the Old Fort and College d'Applicatio .
References
Sport in Nouakchott
Sports venues in Mauritania
The Galleries may refer to :
in England
The Galleries , Bristol , a shopping mall
Galleries Shopping Centre , Washington
The Galleries ( Wigan ) , a shopping centre
in the United States
The Galleries ( Vicksburg , Mississippi ) , listed on the NRHP in Mississippi
See also
Gallery ( disambiguation )
Przemko III , Duke of Opava ( also known as Přemek III or Primislaus III ; ; ; – 17 February 1493 ) was a member of the Opavian branch of the Bohemian Přemyslid dynasty . They were titular Duke of Opava and canon of Wrocław , Olomouc and Vienna , as well as Provost of the St. Othmar parish in Mödling . In the older literature Przemko III is often confused with their uncle Przemko II .
Life
Their parents were Duke William of Opava and Salome , a daughter of the Bohemian nobleman Půta III of Častolovice .
After their father 's death in 1452 , their brother Ernest took up the guardianship of Przemko and their four siblings . Przemko III and their brothers Frederick and Wenceslas III inherited a two thirds share of the Duchy of Opava ; their cousin john II held the remaining third . Their father had held the Duchy of Münsterberg for a while , however , Przemko and their brothers did not inherit it , because their father had swapped it with Ernest for the latter 's third of Opava . The brothers nevertheless sometimes used the title of `` Duke of Münsterberg '' . Ernest , in their capacity as their guardian , sold the brothers ' two-thirds of Opava in 1464 to Duke Bolko V of Opole . John II retained theirs share .
As Przemko III had no prospect of a steady income , their uncle destined them for a career in the clergy . In 1464 , they enrolled at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków under the name . They became a member of the Cathedral chapter in Wrocław , together with their uncle Przemko II , Duke of Opava ( and ) . The archives of Wrocław describe them as `` Duke of Münsterberg '' in 1466 . They also became canon of Olomouc , probably around the same time .
During the winter semester of 1471 , Przemko III studied at the University of Vienna , where they probably received their bachelor 's degree . In 1479 , they succeeded Paul Laubmann and Cathedral Dean in Vienna . In the certificate of their appointment , they are called . They also succeeded Paul Laubmann as provost of the St. Othmar parish in Mödling . They received this appointment from Emperor Frederick III , together with an apartment at the ducal court , where they lived for the rest of their life . Their coat of arms can still be seen in this apartment . They appear to have taken their job as pastor very seriously . In the episcopal archive in Vienna , several documents from the years 1481-1484 describe their work . Although they had been financially ruined by the destruction in the Duchy of Opava , their university degree made them one of the more outstanding and accomplished Moravian and Silesian noblemen of their time .
Przemko II died unmarried and childless on 17 February 1493 . They were buried in the St. Othmar church in Mödling . A red marble grave plate can still be found on the northern wall . It bears the inscription :
References
Zdeněk Měřinský : Marginálie k životním osudům Přemysla III . Opavského . In : Od Knížat ke Králům . , pp . 423–437 .
External links
Przemko III as pastor of Mödling , and their grave stone
Moravian nobility
Opavian Přemyslids
15th-century Polish Roman Catholic priests
Canons of Wrocław
1450 births
1493 deaths
Clement Bezold is a political scientist , author , futurist and a founder of the Institute for Alternative Futures ( IAF ) as well as its for-profit subsidiary Alternative Futures Associates .
Bezold received a Ph.D. in political science from the University of Florida .
In 1977 , Bezold established the Institute for Alternative Futures in Alexandria , Virginia . Its goal was to encourage `` Anticipatory Democracy '' . In 1982 , Bezold started Alternative Futures Associates as a consulting firm on corporate strategic planning .
Bezold has written or edited books related to the future , particularly on the future of health care . They serve as the Consulting Editor for the Journal of Futures Studies and sits on the editorial advisory boards of the journals Foresight : The International Journal of Applied Forecasting , Technology Forecasting and Social Change and World Future Review .
Books , Reports & Selected Articles
Anticipatory Democracy : People in Politics of the Future ( 1978 )
The Future of Work and Health ( 1985 )
External links
Institute for Alternative Futures
Disparity Reducing Advances ( DRA ) Project
Clem Bezold
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American futurologists
The Futurist people
American political scientists
Klang–Banting Highway , Federal route 5 , is a highway that connects Klang in the north with the town of Banting in the south . It is also known as Jalan Langat or Persiaran Tengku Ampuan Rahimah .
List of junction and towns
Highways in Malaysia
Clifford Judkins Durr ( March 2 , 1899 – May 12 , 1975 ) was an Alabama lawyer who played an important role in defending activists and others accused of disloyalty during the New Deal and McCarthy eras . They also are the lawyer who represented Rosa Parks in their challenge to the constitutionality of the ordinance , due to the infamous segregation of passengers on buses in Montgomery . This is what launched the 1955-1956 Montgomery bus boycott .
Durr was born into a patrician Alabama family . After studying at the University of Alabama , being president of their class , they went to Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar . They returned to the United States to study law , then joined a prominent law firm in Birmingham , Alabama in 1924 . In 1926 they married Virginia Foster , whose sister , Josephine , would be the first wife of Hugo Black .
Early life
Clifford Judkins Durr was born on March 2 , 1899 in Montgomery , Alabama to John Wesley Durr and Lucy Judkins Durr . Their grandfather , John Weseley Durr , was a business agent for cotton growers , while their other grandfather , James Henry Judkins , was a plantation owner prior to the Civil War . Both their grandfathers served in the Confederate Army during the civil war . Growing up Durr attended Miss Woodruff 's Academy and the Starke University School for Boys , a private academy in Montgomery . Durr started their college career at the University of Alabama where their fellow student body elected them President of their class . Later on in college they won the Rhodes scholarship to Queen 's College , Oxford University , in England . They graduated from Oxford with a third-class honours Bachelor of Civil Law degree after electing to sit for the more challenging examination . In April 1926 , Clifford married Virginia Foster Durr in hopes of them being a housewife and great social figure while they became a very successful and influential corporate lawyer . Clifford began their career in law at the Martin , Thompson , Foster , and Turner Law firm located in Birmingham , Alabama .
Government service
Clifford had risen to a full partner in their law firm by 1927 . Their income was such that they were little affected by the onset of the Great Depression in 1929 . As economic conditions worsened , both Clifford and Virginia were becoming more aware of the inequality and injustice which characterized many responses to the collapse . It was this awareness that caused Clifford to unexpectedly leave the firm early in 1933 . When members of the junior staff were laid off for financial reasons , Clifford suggested that the more senior members of the firm , including himself , take a pay cut in order to avoid future firings . This suggestion was not supported by the other senior staff . Cliff thus found their continued association with the firm to be untenable . A few weeks after leaving this position , Cliff 's brother-in-law , Black , then a Senator , asked them to come to Washington , D.C. to interview for a job with the Reconstruction Finance Corporation , the agency charged with recapitalizing banks and trusts . Durr took the job , becoming a dedicated New Dealer in the process . They resigned from that agency in 1941 after a series of disagreements with their superiors over their approval of agreements with defense contractors that allowed them to concentrate their monopoly position and derive windfall profits from war preparation efforts .
President Roosevelt then appointed Durr to the Federal Communications Commission , a politically sensitive position as FDR sought to counter the increasing power and concentration of broadcasters , many of whom were opponents of the New Deal . Durr supported FCC chairperson James Lawrence Fly in defending the commission 's program of regulation before the House Select Committee to Investigate the FCC , and unsuccessfully petitioned Speaker of the House Sam Rayburn to remove the committee 's chairperson , E. E. Cox , for conflict of interest . Durr campaigned to set aside frequencies for educational programs and to sell them to more diverse applicants , some of whom were attacked for their leftist politics . In 1945 , they were appointed the head of an FCC study to determine if radio broadcasters upheld their pledges to provide public service programs to which they found broadcasters were often plagued with excessive advertising and a very little educational programming . The resulting report , the Blue Book defined the guidelines of the FCC 's regulatory authority over programming including the requirement of public service programs of local culture , education , and community affairs . Investigations of the FCC by the House Un-American Activities Committee and J. Edgar Hoover 's FBI were then initiated in an attempt to find socialist ties .
Representing dissenters
Durr resigned from the FCC in 1948 after dissenting from its adoption of a loyalty oath demanded by the Truman administration . Although Durr did not know it , the FBI had already put them under surveillance in 1942 because they had defended a colleague accused of left-wing political associations . Their wife 's vigorous support for racial equality and voting rights for blacks and their friendship with Jessica Mitford , a member of the Communist Party , made both of them even more suspect . The FBI stepped up its interest in Durr in 1949 , when they joined the National Lawyers Guild . They subsequently became the President of the Guild .
Durr opened a law practice in Washington , D.C. after leaving the FCC . They were one of the few lawyers willing to represent federal employees who had lost their jobs as a result of the loyalty oath program ; they took many of their cases without charging them a fee . Durr did not apply any litmus test of their own , choosing to represent both those who had been members of or closely aligned with the Communist Party and those falsely accused of membership . Durr subsequently represented Frank Oppenheimer , brother of `` father of the atomic bomb '' Robert Oppenheimer , and several other scientists investigated for disloyalty by HUAC .
Durr and their wife moved to Colorado to work for the National Farmers Union when it became evident that they could not make a living defending those accused of disloyalty . However their wife 's political activities , as a member of the Southern Conference for Human Welfare and the National Committee for the Abolition of the Poll Tax , their past membership in the Progressive Party and their own political activities caused them to lose that position as well .
Civil rights work
The Durrs then returned to Montgomery , Alabama in the hope of returning to a more prosperous , less controversial life . However , Senator James Eastland of Mississippi soon subpoenaed Clifford Durr and their associate Aubrey Williams to a hearing of the Senate Subcommittee on Internal Security investigating the Highlander Folk School , with which both Durrs and Williams had been associated . With the assistance of Senator Lyndon Johnson Durr succeeded in discrediting the hearing , but only after nearly coming to blows with a witness in the hearing room . In the process , however , Durr 's health and law practice suffered , as Durr lost most of their white clients while the FBI increased its surveillance of them and those around him .
Durr continued to practice in Montgomery as counsel , along with a local attorney Fred Gray , for black citizens whose rights had been violated . They and Gray were prepared to appeal the conviction of Claudette Colvin , a 15-year-old African-American woman charged with violating Montgomery 's bus segregation laws in March , 1955 , but elected not to do so when E.D . Nixon , later of the Montgomery Improvement Association , and other black activists decided that theirs was not the case to use to challenge the law .
Durr was therefore ready in December , 1955 , when police arrested Rosa Parks for refusing to give their seat to a white man . Durr called the jail when authorities refused to tell Nixon what the charges against Parks were and they and their wife accompanied Nixon to the jail when Nixon bailed them out . Nixon and Durr then went to the Parks ' home to discuss whether they were prepared to fight the charges against them Durr and Gray represented Parks in their criminal appeals in state court , while Gray took on the federal court litigation , challenging the constitutionality of the ordinance .
Durr continued to represent activists in the Civil Rights Movement , supported by financial support from friends and philanthropists outside the South . They eventually closed their firm in 1964 . They lectured in the United States and abroad after their retirement . They died at their grandfather 's farm in 1975 .
References
Further reading
America 's Battle for Media Democracy : The Triumph of Corporate Libertarianism and the Future of Media Reform , by Victor Pickard ( professor ) , Cambridge University Press , 2014
The Conscience of a Lawyer : Clifford B. Durr and American Civil Liberties , 1899–1975 , by John Salmond , University of Alabama Press 1987
Hard Times : An Oral History of the Great Depression , by Studs Terkel , Pantheon 1970
Outside the Magic Circle : The Autobiography of Virginia Foster Durr , by Virginia Durr , edited by Hollinger F. Barnard , University of Alabama Press , 1985
Parting The Waters ; America In The King Years 1954-63 , by Taylor Branch ,
Standing Against Dragons : Three Southern Lawyers in an Era of Fear , by Sarah Hart Brown , 1998
The Jack Rabin Collection on Alabama Civil Rights and Southern Activists , including materials from and oral history of the Durrs and other Montgomery activists , available : https : //libraries.psu.edu/about/collections/jack-rabin-collection-alabama-civil-rights-and-southern-activists
External links
Clifford Durr capsule biography - National Lawyers Guild , Chicago
Oral History Interview with Clifford Durr at Oral Histories of the American South
Materials and oral history interview of Clifford and Virginia Durr at
1899 births
1975 deaths
Alabama lawyers
American Rhodes Scholars
Alumni of The Queen 's College , Oxford
University of Alabama alumni
American civil rights lawyers
20th-century American lawyers
Members of the Federal Communications Commission
Franklin D. Roosevelt administration personnel
Truman administration personnel
Vi Hilbert ( née Anderson , Lushootseed name : taqʷšəblu , July 24 , 1918 – December 19 , 2008 ) was a Native American tribal elder of the Upper Skagit , a tribe of the greater Coast Salish in Washington state , whose ancestors occupied the banks along the Skagit River , and was a conservationist of the Lushootseed culture and its language , of which they were the last fully fluent heritage speaker . They taught Lushootseed at the University of Washington for 17 years ( 1971 - 1988 ) , where they also transcribed and translated Lushootseed recordings from the 1950s . This work is preserved in the University 's audio library .
They were named a Washington Living Treasure in 1989 , and received a National Heritage Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts , presented by President Bill Clinton , in 1994 . They co-wrote Lushootseed grammars and dictionaries , partially with linguist Thom Hess , and published books of stories , teachings , and place names related to their native region , the Puget Sound ( also known as Whulge , anglicized from Lushootseed x̌ʷə́lč /χʷəlcç/ ) .
Childhood
Hilbert was born to Charlie and Louise Anderson on July 24 , 1918 near Lyman , Washington , on the Upper Skagit River . They were the only one of their eight children to live past the age of 3 . Them parents spoke Lushootseed with each other and their friends , which encouraged the young Hilbert to begin to learn the language . Them father was a fisherman , a logger , and a canoe maker , whose canoe the `` Question Mark '' is housed in the Smithsonian Museum Archive . The family moved frequently in search of work , which resulted in Hilbert attending 15 different schools . For a while , they attended a boarding school at Tulalip . In high school , they attended the Chemawa Indian Boarding School near Salem , Oregon . From there , they transferred to Franklin High School in Portland to get the best education they could find , while working as a domestic to support themselves financially .
Experience in WWII
In an interview , Hilbert stated that they were nearly a victim of the US policy of internment of Japanese Americans , however , they were ultimately able to prove their Native American heritage .
Personal life
Hilbert was married three times . Them first marriage was to Percy Woodcock in 1936 and they lived together in Taholah , Washington . They had two children : son Denny , born in 1937 , and daughter Lois , born in 1938 . Denny died of meningitis in 1940 , after which the couple separated and they moved to Nooksack ( near Bellingham , Washington ) to live with their parents .
Hilbert 's second marriage was to Bob Coy in 1942 at Tulalip ( near Marysville , Washington ) . They gave birth to son Ron in 1943 .
Them third and final marriage was in 1945 to Henry Donald `` Donny '' Hilbert , who honorably served in World War II , surviving the attack on Pearl Harbor while aboard the USS West Virginia . Donny subsequently adopted Hilbert 's children from their previous marriages . They lived in a house they built in south Seattle until 2003 , when they moved to Bow , Washington . Donny preceded Hilbert in death .
Death
Hilbert died at their home in La Conner on the morning of December 19 , 2008 . They were surrounded by their family at the time of their death .
The taqʷšəblu Vi Hilbert Ethnobotanical Garden , and Vi Hilbert Hall at Seattle University are named in their honor .
References
External links
1918 births
2008 deaths
Native American writers
Lushootseed language
Linguists of Salishan languages
National Heritage Fellowship winners
Last known speakers of a Native American language
Native American women writers
20th-century Native American women
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native American women
21st-century Native Americans
20th-century linguists
21st-century linguists
San Francisco de Conchos is a town and seat of the municipality of San Francisco de Conchos , in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua . As of 2010 , the town of San Francisco de Conchos had a population of 644 , up from 596 as of 2005 .
It was founded by Fray Alonso de la Oliva in 1604 and is the second oldest state of Chihuahua after Santa Barbara town receives its name in honor of its patron saint San Francisco de Asis and the people of the Conchos Indians .
History
From the mission and the convent of San Bartolome Valley ( 1570 and 1574 ) ranging from expeditions to the San Gregorio and Conchosrivers ; same that give rise to the Franciscan Mission San Francisco de Conchos .
It is a young missionary who made these expeditions in search of indigenous villages to take the gospel to the inhabitants : Fray Alonso de la Oliva .
In moving towards the north they came to the source of the Ojo de San Antonio ( now Ojo de Agua ) . By following the course of water that flowed through the shoal in the course of the millennium , they came to the confluence with the Rio Conchos . Before falling to the river waters they formed a small lake ( Galeana ) and that is where the Fray Alonso de la Oliva found the people of this area that they called Indians Coyamus . The mission followed visiting them and also helped by indigenous guides arrived to villages who would become Santa Cruz de Tepacolmes ( Rosales ) , San Pablo ( Meoqui ) , San Antonio ( Julimes ) , San Lucas and San Pedro of Conchos on the banks of San Pedro . The founding of the mission would be these their villages farthest visit .
In 1604 they founded the Mission San Francisco de los Naturales del Rio de las Conchas , Franciscan mission .
The name in Castilian is due to the large number of small shells that had and there are still in bed . There also derives the name given to the inhabitants of its banks ; Conchos river , Conchos Indians .
En this Mission San Francisco de Conchos had Indians of all nations fences ( conchos , toboscos , chizos , coahuileños , sisimbles , Tarahumares tepehuanes , etc . ) , which at different times were brought to the mission to live in peace `` under hood '' . In this same mission I get to be more than 4,000 Indians settled in the shoal eye , San Gregorio River , Florido River and the junction of the Conchos and Florido rivers .
References
Populated places in Chihuahua ( state )
1604 establishments in New Spain
Populated places established in 1604
Boshrabad ( , also Romanized as Boshrābād ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,123 , in 294 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
< S > Marks the Spot is the fifth studio album released by the Filipino alternative rock band Sandwich in 2008 . The album marks the 10th anniversary of the band . It contains the singles `` Procrastinator '' , `` Betamax '' and `` Selos '' . The album was launched on February 12 , 2008 at the UP Sunken Garden where Sandwich performed their first gig in 1998 .
The second disc of the album also features 9 of their past songs remixed and remade . It also contains the songs `` Zaido '' , the theme song of the television series of the same name , `` Super Noypi '' , the theme song of the movie of the same name , `` Humanda Ka '' , the theme song of Rounin and `` Nginig '' .
Track listing
All music written and composed by Raimund Marasigan .
Disc one
`` Procrastinator '' - 3:53
`` Ang Pagbabalik - 3:40
`` Greenpick '' - 0:31
`` Betamax '' - 4:08
`` Line Drawings '' - 3:18
`` Manila '' - 3:49
`` Partner in Crime '' - 3:00
`` Two Lovers '' - 3:10
`` Text in the City '' - 5:26
`` Her Favorite Band '' - 4:07
`` Selos '' - 3:57
`` Youth and Vitality '' - 0:20
`` Rambol '' - 3:53
`` Primera '' - 3:01
`` Fluxxe '' - 3:38
`` Candelaria '' - 3:49
`` Public Offender '' - 4:31
Disc two
`` Zaido '' - 3:17
`` Super Noypi '' - 4:01
`` Sugod '' ( Acoustic ) - 3:01
`` Sunburn '' ( Chilitees Remix ) - 4:06
`` Walang Kadala Dala '' ( Remix ) - 4:06
`` DVDX Maps '' - 3:10
`` DVDX Mike '' - 3:13
`` DVDX Wow Akshun '' - 3:16
`` DVDX Mong '' - 3:17
`` Nginig '' - 4:24
`` View Mistress '' ( Remix ) - 6:04
`` Humanda Ka '' - 3:08
`` Two Trick Pony '' ( Acoustic ) - 3:44
References
External Link
Sandwich 's EMI Page
< S > Marks the Spot EMI Page
2008 albums
Sandwich ( band ) albums
Hugh Henry Bownes ( March 10 , 1920 – November 5 , 2003 ) was an American federal judge in the United States , serving as a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit , after previously serving as a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire .
Education and career
Born in New York City , New York , Bownes graduated from Columbia College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1941 , and after serving in the United States Marine Corps during World War II , graduated from Columbia Law School with a Bachelor of Laws in 1948 . Bownes then moved to New Hampshire , where they practiced law for more than 15 years . They served as a city council member and then as mayor of Laconia , New Hampshire . In 1966 , they were selected as a member of the Superior Court of New Hampshire , on which they served for two years .
Military service
Bownes participated in the invasion of Guam . Wounded by mortar fire , they developed gangrene and nearly died . For their service , they received the Silver Star and Purple Heart .
Federal judicial service
Bownes was nominated by President Lyndon B. Johnson on July 17 , 1968 , to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire vacated by Judge Aloysius Joseph Connor . They were confirmed by the United States Senate on July 25 , 1968 , and received commission on July 25 , 1968 . Their service terminated on October 31 , 1977 , due to elevation to the First Circuit .
Bownes was nominated by President Jimmy Carter on September 19 , 1977 , to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit vacated by Judge Edward McEntee . They were confirmed by the Senate on October 7 , 1977 , and received commission on October 11 , 1977 . They assumed senior status on January 1 , 1990 . Their service terminated on November 5 , 2003 , due to their death from pneumonia in New Haven , Connecticut . They had suffered a stroke in September of that year .
References
Sources
Columbia College Obituary ( see under `` 1941 '' )
New Hampshire Bar Association Obituary
1920 births
2003 deaths
Columbia Law School alumni
New Hampshire state court judges
Mayors of places in New Hampshire
People from Laconia , New Hampshire
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire
United States district court judges appointed by Lyndon B. Johnson
Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
United States court of appeals judges appointed by Jimmy Carter
20th-century American judges
New Hampshire city council members
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
New Hampshire lawyers
Superior court judges in the United States
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1561 .
Events
August 21 – The Peresopnytsia Gospels are completed .
September – Serbian Orthodox hieromonks Jovan Maleševac and Matija Popović begin to collaborate with the Protestant reformer Primož Trubar on printing the New Testament and other religious books in Cyrillic letters , at Urach in Germany .
unknown dates
William Baldwin 's Beware the Cat , written 1553 ) , is first published anonymously in London . It is an early example of extended fiction ( and specifically of horror fiction ) in English , but it appears to have been suppressed and no copies survive .
The Tian Yi Ge library in Ningbo is established by Fan Qin in Ming dynasty China .
New books
Prose
John Calvin – Institution of the Christian Religion ( English translation by Thomas Norton )
Bartolomé de las Casas – History of the Indies ( completed ; first published 1875 )
Gabriele Fallopius – Observationes anatomicae
Francesco Guicciardini ( posthumously ) – Storia d'Italia ( History of Italy , first 16 of 20 books )
Sir Thomas Hoby – The Book of the Courtier ( Il Cortegiano , translation )
Julius Caesar Scaliger – Poetices
Drama
Thomas Norton and Thomas Sackville – Gorboduc
Poetry
See 1561 in poetry
Births
January 22 – Sir Francis Bacon , English philosopher , scientist and statesman ( died 1626 )
June – Samuel Harsnett , English religious writer and archbishop ( died 1631 )
July 11 – Luís de Góngora y Argote , Spanish poet ( died 1627 )
August 14 – Sir Christopher Heydon , English writer on astrology ( died 1623 )
October 27 – Mary Sidney , English poet and translator ( died 1621 )
unknown dates
Gaspar Aguilar , Spanish poet and dramatist ( died 1623 )
Bernardo de Balbuena , Spanish-born Latin American poet ( died 1627 )
Deaths
February 26 – Jorge de Montemayor , Portuguese novelist and poet ( born c. 1520 )
March 19 – Lady Jane Seymour , English writer ( born c. 1541 )
March 25 – Conrad Lycosthenes , Alsatian humanist and encyclopedist ( born 1518 )
July 5 – Ambrosius Pelargus , German theologian ( born c. 1493 )
October 21 – Johannes Vasaeus , Flemish teacher and historian ( born 1511 )
October 28 – Jakob Beurlin , German Lutheran theologian ( born 1520 )
December 10 – Caspar Schwenckfeld , German theologian and preacher ( born c. 1490 )
unknown dates
Marie Dentière , Genevan theologian ( born 1495 )
Claude Garamond , French publisher ( born 1480 )
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Lightning Records was a London-based record label founded in the 1970s . It specialised in disco , reggae and dub music but also released music from other genres such as punk rock . It was a subsidiary of WEA .
Amongst its artists and titles are Althia & Donna with `` Uptown Top Ranking '' , Janet Kay with `` Silly Games '' , Dennis Brown with `` Money in My Pocket '' , and Errol Dunkley with `` OK Fred '' . The Old Gold Label was subsequently set up from here and featured many original classics licensed from other labels , for example Clifford T. Ward 's song `` Gaye '' , Python Lee Jackson 's `` In a Broken Dream '' , and re-releases by the Everly Brothers , the Equals , Trini Lopez and Ketty Lester .
References
Record labels based in London
Reggae record labels
Punk record labels
East China School District is a school district in East China Township , Michigan , United States .
Schools
It operates the following schools :
Belle River Elementary School
Gearing Elementary School
Marine City Middle School
Marine City High School
Palms Elementary School
Pine River Elementary School
Riverview East High School
St. Clair Middle School
St. Clair High School
St. Clair Middle School
St. Clair Middle School is a 5-8 ( grade ) middle school in St. Clair , Michigan operated by East China School District . It is located at 4335 Yankee Rd . The principal is Mr. Michael Domagalski and the assistant principal is Mr. Bradley Robbins . The school has an enrollment of over 500 .
St. Clair High School
St. Clair High School is a comprehensive four-year public high school in St. Clair , Michigan , operated by East China School District and built in 1960 . The school has an enrollment of over 800 .
References
External links
Education in St. Clair County , Michigan
School districts in Michigan
Samuel Harrison Smith ( January 27 , 1772 – November 1 , 1845 ) was an American journalist and newspaper publisher . They founded the National Intelligencer at Washington in 1800 . They were elected a member of the American Philosophical Society in 1797 .
Career
In 1800 , Smith founded National intelligencer , and Washington advertiser , which became the dominant newspaper of the capital . Joseph Gales joined the newspaper becoming their assistant in 1807 , and took over the paper as its sole proprietor in 1810 .
Smith was a friend , confidant and counselor to the third U.S. President Thomas Jefferson . In February 1801 , Smith published Jefferson 's Manual , `` A Manual of Parliamentary Practice for the Use of the Senate of the United States . ''
In 1813 , Smith was appointed Commissioner of the Revenue for the United States Treasury Department by President Madison . On September 30 , 1814 , they were appointed as Secretary of the Treasury , ad interim , until a new cabinet officer was chosen .
During the period 1809–19 , Smith served as president of the Bank of Washington . They served as president of the Washington branch of the Bank of the United States from 1819 until the position was abolished in 1835 .
Personal life
Smith was the son of Jonathan Bayard Smith , signatory to the Articles of Confederation . On September 29 , 1800 , Smith married Margaret Bayard ( 1778–1844 ) , their second cousin and a daughter of John Bubenheim Bayard and Margaret ( Hodge ) Bayard . Their wife was a first cousin of U.S . Senator James A. Bayard , who was highly influential in the 1800 presidential election where Jefferson was elected .
They moved to Washington , DC , the new seat of government . Soon after the birth of their first child was born in 1801 , the family bought a farm , Turkey Thicket , three miles from town ( now part of Catholic University ) . They renamed the farm Sidney . Together , they were the parents of :
Julia Harrison Smith ( b . 1801 )
Susan Harrison Smith ( b . 1804 )
Jonathan Bayard Harrison Smith ( 1810–1889 ) , became a lawyer in the capital and married Henrietta Elizabeth Henley , daughter of Com . John Dandridge Henley in 1842 .
Anna Maria Harrison Smith ( b . 1811 )
Margaret died on June 7 , 1844 . Samuel died a little more than a year later on November 1 , 1845 in Washington .
References
Notes
Sources
External links
1772 births
1845 deaths
American male journalists
American publishers ( people )
Thomas L. Fisher is a visual effects artist who is most known for being part of the team to the film Titanic .
They have worked on over 35 films since 1974 .
Oscars
Both of these are in the category of Best Visual Effects
67th Academy Awards-Nominated for True Lies . Nomination shared with John Bruno , Patrick McClung and Jacques Stroweis . Lost to Forrest Gump .
70th Academy Awards-Titanic . Shared with Michael Kanfer , Mark Lasoff and Robert Legato . Won .
References
External links
Living people
Best Visual Effects Academy Award winners
Special effects people
1941 births
The following is a list of The Citadel basketball seasons . The Citadel , The Military College of South Carolina is a member of the Southern Conference of the NCAA Division I . The Citadel did not field a team from 1901–1912 . The Citadel has won one conference championship , the 1927 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association Tournament , but has never participated in the NCAA Tournament . The Bulldogs only appearance in a postseason tournament was during the 2008–09 season , when they participated in the 2009 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament , falling in the first round to eventual champion Old Dominion .
References
Citadel
Citadel Bulldogs basketball seasons
The Edna Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in San Luis Obispo County , California encompassing the rural town of Edna , which is south of the county seat San Luis Obispo and north of the small coastal town Arroyo Grande . It is a sub-region of the larger Central Coast AVA . The valley is roughly bounded by Lake Lopez to the south and Islay Hill to the north . The valley runs east to west , bounded to the west by the Santa Lucia Mountains . It is surrounded by volcanic mountains and characterized by black humus and clay-rich soils . With moderate sunshine , cool maritime fog , and rich oceanic and volcanic soils , the Edna Valley appellation has California 's longest growing season . The valley is kept cool by breezes from the Pacific Ocean and morning fog . The extended growing season gives complex flavors to the grapes .
The region is best known for Chardonnay , Pinot noir , and to a lesser extent , Syrah . Grapes were originally planted here by Spanish missionaries in the early 19th century . The region saw a revival when new vineyards were planted in the early 1970s by what is known today as Edna Valley Vineyard . Edna Valley wines are often grouped with those of the contiguous Arroyo Grande Valley AVA . The AVA was designated in 1982 , with help from the founders of what today is the Edna Valley Vineyard .
References
External links
Touring the Edna Valley at Sunset Magazine
American Viticultural Areas of California
Geography of San Luis Obispo County , California
Valleys of San Luis Obispo County , California
American Viticultural Areas
American Viticultural Areas of Southern California
1982 establishments in California
Tinley Park High School , TPHS or simply Tinley is a public high school located in Tinley Park , Illinois , approximately 30 miles southwest of Chicago . It is part of Bremen Community High School District 228 which also includes Oak Forest High School , Hillcrest High School and Bremen High School .
Overview
Tinley Park High School is the second oldest school of the four high schools comprising Bremen High School District 228 , opening in 1961 . The 1,100 students at TPHS come from sections of the villages of Tinley Park , Oak Forest , Markham , and Country Club Hills , Illinois .
Demographics
With approximately 67 teachers for the estimated 1100 student body , Tinley Park has a student/teacher ratio of roughly 17:1 . In 2007 , the student body composed of 56.8 % caucasian students , 25.8 % African-American students , 10.4 % Hispanic students , 4.7 % Asian-American students , 0.6 % Native American students , and 1.6 % multi-racial students .
Academics
In 2016 , the average composite ACT score for Titan students was 19.0 . As of 2008 , Tinley Park HS is making Adequate Yearly Progress ( AYP ) as described by the federal No Child Left Behind act .
Athletics
Tinley Park 's athletic teams play in the South Suburban Conference , governed by the Illinois High School Association ( IHSA ) .
The school sponsors interscholastic teams for young men and women in : basketball , bowling , cross-country , golf , soccer , swimming & diving , tennis , and track & field . Young men may compete in baseball , football , and wrestling . Young women may compete in cheerleading , softball , and volleyball . While not sponsored by the IHSA , the school also sponsors a pom pom team ( the Titanette Dancers ) .
The following teams have won or placed top four in their respective IHSA state tournaments or meets :
Cheerleading : State Champions ( 2006–07 , 2007–08 )
Chess : 3rd Place ( 1981-82 )
Football : State Champions ( 1986–87 )
Group Interpretation : 3rd Place ( 1987-88 )
Softball : 3rd Place ( 2012-13 )
Tennis ( Girls ) : 3rd Place ( 1972-73 )
Wrestling : 3rd Place ( 1969-70 )
Activities
The Arts
Art Club
Art and Anime
Band / Chorus
Color Guard
Drama Club
Lighting & Staging
Speech Team
Publications
Literary Magazine ( Afterthoughts )
School Newspaper ( Titan Times )
Yearbook ( Scythe )
Service Organizations
Interact
Key Club
Social Interaction Organizations
Book Club
Operation Snowball
Peer Mediation
Seekers
Mock Trial
Gamer 's Club
Athletic Organizations
Cheerleaders
Junior / Senior Leadership
Pom Poms
Academic Clubs
ATP ( Academic / Talented Program )
Chess Club
Energy Club
French Club
Mathletes
Scholastic Bowl
Science Club
Spanish Club
Career Associations
BPA - Business Professionals of America
DECA - Distributive Education Clubs of America
FCCLA - Family , Careers and Community Leaders of America
ICE - Interrelated Cooperative Education / Skills USA
Notable people
Garry Meier , radio personality , 1968
Ron Gora was a physical education teacher and swimming coach . They competed in swimming at the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Denise Richards , American actor , first-year student year
References
Educational institutions established in 1961
Public high schools in Cook County , Illinois
Tinley Park , Illinois
1961 establishments in Illinois
École internationale de Montréal ( Secondaire ) ( lit . `` International School of Montreal ( Secondary ) '' ) is a small French high school located in Westmount , Quebec . It is a part of the Centre de services scolaire de Montréal ( CSSDM ) .
About the school
Most people use the acronym ÉIM ( EIM ) or ÉIMS ( EIMS ) when referring to the school . Its principal was Julie Duchesne until 2020 when it became Luc Claude . The school is situated near the Westmount Public Library . The school was opened in 1988 and is an International Baccalaureate ( IB ) school . The school uniform consists of a choice of red or grey polos and of a marine-black vest or jacket . Students were free to wear anything non offensive and not too short on the bottom , but in fall 2016 they decided that students should only wear marine or black unicolored clothing on the bottom . But since students often wore blue pants and said that they were just washed-off marine pants , the school imposed a black-only pants rule in 2017 .
Even though the high school is public , it has an admission exam that sixth graders do in October each year . Usually , the school admits 120 students per year ( four classes of 30 ) . Those who studied in École internationale de Montréal ( Primaire ) have priority to be admitted to EIMS . The number of students from École internationale de Montréal ( Primaire ) who choose the school varies from 40 to 60 per year , thus leaving only 60–80 places for students from other schools . The number of students taking the admission tests varies from 600 to 1000 , making the acceptance rate vary from 6 % to 13 % .
In 2015 , the school ranked 7th within all of Quebec 's high schools , making it the second-best public high school in Quebec and first in Montreal .
In 2016 , the school ranked third within all of Quebec 's high schools , making it the best public high school in Quebec and Montreal .
In 2020 , the school ranked first within all of Quebec 's high schools , achieving a perfect score of 10 , making it one of the best high schools in Quebec and Montreal .
School life of a student
Usual schedule
The school usually opens its doors at 7:55 , classes begin at 8:15 and end at 15:10 . A school day for the students is divided into 5 periods of 75 minutes :
Period 1 : classes for all ( from 8:15 to 9:30 ) ;
Period 2 : classes for all ( from 9:45 to 11:00 ) ;
Period 3 : classes for Sec.4-5 , lunch for Sec.1-3 ( from 11:10 to 12:25 ) ;
Period 4 : classes for Sec.1-3 , lunch for Sec.4-5 ( from 12:30 to 13:45 ) ;
Period 5 : classes for all ( from 13:55 to 15:10 ) .
The school also offers after school activities ( called `` Activités parascolaires '' ) such as : guitar classes , improvisation , jewelry making , etc .
Homework and projects
Homework and projects are often given by teachers and the students are expected to give them in at the due date . Projects are often related to the IB Program and students are supposed to do the projects while respecting the presentation code presented in the `` How to Present a Written Work Guide '' ( `` Guide de présentation des travaux écrits '' lit . `` Written Assignment Presentation Guide '' ) and developing their profiles from the IB Learner Profile .
Evaluation
The students are often assessed throughout the school year both in the Ministry of Education ( MEES ) way and the IB way . At the end of each semester ( beginning November , end January and end June ) there are several examination days when classes do not take place and students come to school only when sitting examinations . In May there are also two fixed examination days for provincial exams from the Ministry of Education ( MEES ) .
Promotions
At the end of the year , students get promoted to the next year based on their results from the examinations .
For different grades , different achievements are imposed :
Sec.1 : if the student obtains a result inferior to 60 % in French or Mathematics , he/she will be suggested to take summer classes ;
Sec.2 : if the student obtains a result inferior to 60 % in French or Mathematics , he/she will have to take summer classes . If the student obtains a result inferior to 60 % in French and Mathematics , he/she will have to leave the school ;
Sec.3 : if the student obtains a result inferior to 60 % in French , Mathematics or English , he/she will have to take summer classes . If the student obtains a result inferior to 60 % in French and Mathematics or obtains a result inferior to 60 % in 4 classes , he/she will have to leave the school ;
Sec.4 : if the student obtains a result inferior to 60 % in French , Mathematics , English , History and Citizenship Education , Sciences and Technology or Environmental Sciences and Technology , he/she will have to take summer classes . If the student obtains a result inferior to 60 % in French and Mathematics or obtains a result inferior to 60 % in 4 classes , he/she will have to leave the school .
Graduation and diplomas
Students at EIMS graduate with up to 3 diplomas .
Ministry of Education ( MEES ) : The MEES gives the normal High School Diploma ( DES ) . To obtain this diploma , the student has to pass these following classes : French ( Sec.5 ) , English ( Sec.5 Advanced Program ) , Mathematics ( Sec.4 or 5 ) , Sciences and Technology ( Sec.4 ) , History and Citizenship Education ( Sec.4 ) , Ethics and Religious Cultures ( Sec.5 ) , Physical Education ( Sec.5 ) and Arts ( Sec.4 ou 5 ) .
IB : The IB gives the International Education Certificate . To obtain this diploma , the student has to have done all the hours of community service ; based on the IB evaluation criteria , he/she should obtain at least a 3/7 for his/her Personal Project ( PP ) , at least 2/7 in each subject groups and at least 28/49 when the subject groups ' results and PP 's result are added .
SEBIQ : The SEBIQ gives the DESI ( International Secondary Education Diploma ) . To obtain this diploma , the student has to get his/her High School Diploma ( DES ) and International Education Certificate ; pass advanced French , advanced English , Spanish , Mathematics SN ( Sec.5 ) , Chemistry or Physics ( Sec.5 ) , Contemporary World Geography and Actualities and Personal Project ( PP ) .
Activities
During the school year , students have many activities too .
Big Show ( Grand Spectacle )
The students audition for the year-end show called Big Show around October and the show is often on the second Friday of May in Polyvalente St-Henri 's auditorium . The Sec.5 are the ones who organize the audition and sell the tickets .
End-of-the-year party
The school often rents a field where students play soccer , frisbee , inflatable attractions , water dunk tank and eat hot dogs , popcorn , cotton candy , cookies and popsicles .
Cultural Week
Cultural Week is usually a week during February where students taste food from all over the world . There are also shows and students can learn different cultural arts .
Dances
Throughout the year , many dances are held in the gymnasium of the school on Friday nights ( or nights before a no school day ) , there are many themes for the dance such as Christmas Dance , Valentine 's Day Dance , Spring Dance , End of Year Dance , etc . Because of some problems , those where officially cancelled in 2017 .
Green Day ( Journée Verte )
Green Day ( Journée Verte ) is often in the beginning of June , there is also no class on that day and students go on trips to La Ronde , cycling roads , aerial forest courses , archery fields , and more . Because of the low inscription rate , this day was cancelled in 2017 and never took place again .
Sports Week
Sports Week is usually in the end of the year . Classes compete with each other in sports such as soccer , track and field , flag football , ping pong , and more . The winning classes ( 4 classes , 2 in Sec.1-3 and 2 in Sec.4-5 ) get pizzas and churros . ( This did not happen in 2018 , 2019 , 2020 nor 2021 )
TV Games Week
Around mid-December , students elect two representatives and classes compete in the auditorium with a buzzing machine at different games ( Jeopardy , The Price Is Right , La Fureur , etc ) . The winning class gets a pizza lunch .
Thematic Days
Thematic Days are days where students are allowed to not wear the uniforms if they match up with the theme . Often , there are other activities on these days too .
Some examples of the themes are :
Anti Discrimination Day : students wear black and white . ( This did n't happen in 2018 , 2019 , nor 2020 but there is instead the Anti Intimidation day where students are encouraged to wear pink )
Christmas Day ( which is usually the day before Christmas Activities ) : students wear white , red and green .
Earth Day : students wear green . In the morning , teachers would be waiting at nearby metro stations and would walk with the students ( instead of taking the bus ) , those who walk get a stamp and can exchange for food and get to participate in a draw for gift cards .
Pyjamas Day : students wear their pyjamas . Student often get hot chocolate and cookies during lunch .
Valentine 's Day : students wear white , red and pink . Sec.5 students often organize a sale for kisses , chocolates and songs a week before . Students can buy those for their friends , loved ones and even teachers ; they can also write letters and put it in a box where all the love letters are . On Valentine 's Day , some of the Sec.5 students will go from class to give the kisses , chocolates , songs and letters . ( These were defined as outdated in 2018 and stopped )
Week of French
Week of French is usually a week in March where classes compete with each other and the teachers on knowledge in French grammar , vocabulary , songs and poetry . The winning classes ( 4 classes , 2 in Sec.1-3 and 2 in Sec.4-5 ) get pizzas and churros .
Perseverance Week
Students get surprises in their lockers ( like nice messages written on stars ) , or for example insect lollipops at the exit of classes by the student supervisors .
White Day ( Journée Blanche )
White Day ( Journée Blanche ) is often in the end of February , there is no class on that day and students go on trips with the school to go ski , ice skating , watch movies and more . ( In the school year of 2015-2016 , this activity was cancelled due to strikes ) . It was also cancelled on the school year of 2017-2018 , and finally cancelled two years in a row in 2021 and 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
School trips
The school often organize trips to take the students outside of Montreal too .
For example , Sec.3 students usually go to Tadoussac , Sec.4 students to New York City and Sec.5 students to Chicago . The Sec.1 and Sec.2 also had a trip once to Lac-Mégantic , now they go to the Eastern Townships with their teachers . ( In the school year of 2015-2016 , all the trips were cancelled due to a lack of education time caused by the strikes . )
During summer , every two years , some of the teachers also organize a trip to Italy for all the students . For summer 2016 , the destination changed to Paris and Rome . It was cancelled in 2020 and 2021 because of the COVID-19 pandemic .
Teams
EIMS has several sport teams , such as a soccer team , a flag football team , a basketball team , a chess team and a badminton team . The school also has its own improvisation team .
Classes offered
Mandatory classes
The school offers these following mandatory classes :
Arts ( class given in Sec.1-4 ) ;
Arts and Multimedia ( class given in Sec.5 ) ;
Contemporary World Geography and Actualities ( class given in Sec.5 ) ;
English , second language ( separated in regular and advanced classes in Sec.1-3 based on placement examination done in sixth grade ) ;
Enriched English ( class given in Sec.4-5 ) ;
Enriched French ( class given in Sec.5 ) ;
Environmental Sciences and Technology ( class given in Sec.4 ) ;
Ethics and Religious Cultures ( class not given in Sec.3 ) ;
French , language of instruction ;
Finances ( class given in Sec.5 )
Geography ( class given in Sec.1-2 ) ;
History and Citizenship Education ( class given in Sec.1-4 ) ;
IB Design ( class given in Sec.3 ) ;
Mathematics ( choice between SN or CST in Sec.4 and 5 ) ;
Methodology ( integrated within all classes ) ;
Physical Education ;
Sciences and Technology ( class given in Sec.1-4 ) ;
Spanish , third language ( class given in Sec.1-3 , separated in regular and advanced classes based on placement examination done in sixth grade ) .
Optional classes
Journalism ( class offered in Sec . 4 ) ;
Theatre Arts : Drama ( class offered in Sec . 4 ) ;
Spanish Culture ( class offered in Sec.4 ) ;
Either Chemistry and Physics classes or History and General sciences classes ( sec 5 ) .
References
Schools in Westmount , Quebec
High schools in Montreal
Vladimir Nikolaevich Shokorov ( 1868–1940 ) was a Russian soldier active in the First World War and the Russian Civil War .
On 26 September 1917 General Nikolay Dukhonin appointed them commander of the Czechoslovak corps .
References
1868 births
1940 deaths
Russian generals
Russian military personnel of World War I
People of the Russian Civil War
The Minguy river is a tributary of the southeast bank of the rivière du Sud ( Montmagny ) , which flows northeast to the south bank of the St. Lawrence River .
The Minguy River flows in the municipality of Montmagny , in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality , in the region administrative office of Chaudière-Appalaches , in Quebec , in Canada .
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Minguy River are :
north side : rivière des Perdrix , Bras Saint-Nicolas , rivière du Sud ( Montmagny ) , St. Lawrence River ;
east side : rivière des Perdrix , Bras Saint-Nicolas ;
south side : Poitras River , Morigeau River ;
west side : rivière du Sud ( Montmagny ) .
The Minguy River has its source in the eastern part of the municipality of Montmagny , near the limit of Cap-Saint-Ignace .
From its source , the Minguy River flows over , with a drop of , divided into the following segments :
heading west in Montmagny , to route 283 ;
north-west , up to the Trans-Comté road ;
south-east , up to a road in Montmagny ;
southwest , to a road ;
north to a road ;
north-west , up to its confluence .
The Minguy River flows onto the south bank of the rivière du Sud ( Montmagny ) . This confluence is located upstream from the highway 20 bridge , downstream from the confluence of the Miscou stream and downstream from the rue Principale bridge .
Toponymy
The toponym Minguy River was formalized on December 5 , 1968 , at the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Morogh Ó Flaithbheartaigh ( ) was King of Iar Connacht and Chief of the Name .
Biography
Morogh was the first chief of the clan after their final expulsion from Uí Briúin Seóla . King Áed in Gai Bernaig of Connacht had begun their subjugation in 1051 , but it was only with the encastallation of Muintir Murchada under Richard Mor de Burgh that the family were finally driven to the west side of Lough Corrib . The rest of their history as an independent people would be as rulers of Iar Connacht , or as it is now known , Connemara .
Moroghand and their brother , Ruaidhri , their brother may have accompanied Felim mac Cathal Crobderg Ua Conchobair ( reigned 1233–1256 ) , on an expedition to Wales in 1245 under Henry III . This would have been on Henry III 's campaign against Prince Dafydd ap Llywelyn of Gwynedd .
It is not known when Morogh died , so it is not certain if an annals entry of 1248 refers to him . It states : `` The entire of Conmaicne Mara was plundered by the English . The English went upon an expedition against O'Flaherty , who defeated them , and killed numbers of them . '' In 1256 Ruaidhri is listed as the Ó Flaithbheartaigh .
See also
Ó Flaithbertaigh
References
West or H-Iar Connaught , Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh , 1684 ( published 1846 , ed . James Hardiman ) .
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty , Anthony Matthews , Dublin , 1968 , p. 40 .
Irish Kings and High-Kings , Francis John Byrne ( 2001 ) , Dublin : Four Courts Press ,
Both King and Vassal : Feidlim Ua Conchobair of Connacht , 1230-65 , Freya Verstraten , pp . 13–37 , Journal of the Galway Archaeological and Historical Society , Volume 55 , 2003
Annals of Ulster at CELT : Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
People from County Galway
Medieval Gaels from Ireland
Morogh
13th-century Irish monarchs
Irish lords
Haedropleura ryalli is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae .
Description
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Gulf of Guinea off São Tomé island .
References
Horro J. , Gori S. & Rolán E. ( 2010 ) . Haedropleura ryalli , a new species from São Tomé island ( Gastropoda , Turridae ) . Iberus 28 ( 2 ) : 1–4
ryalli
Gastropods described in 2010
Invertebrates of São Tomé and Príncipe
Fauna of São Tomé Island
Alfred Sydney North ( 7 February 1906 – September 1988 ) was a British water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
They were part of the British team which finished eighth in the 1936 tournament . They played four matches as goalkeeper .
See also
Great Britain men 's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men 's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1906 births
1988 deaths
Water polo goalkeepers
British male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Great Britain
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Don Bell is a Canadian wheelchair curler .
Teams
References
External links
Living people
1966 births
Canadian male curlers
Canadian wheelchair curlers
5α-Dihydroethisterone ( 5α-DHET ; developmental code name HE-3562 ) is an active metabolite of the formerly clinically used but now-discontinued progestin ethisterone and the experimental and never-marketed hormonal antineoplastic agent ethynylandrostanediol ( HE-3235 ) . Its formation from its parent drugs is catalyzed by 5α-reductase in tissues that express the enzyme in high amounts like the liver , skin , hair follicles , and prostate gland . 5α-DHET has significant affinity for steroid hormone receptors and may contribute importantly to the activities of its parent drugs .
Pharmacology
Pharmacodynamics
The affinity of 5α-DHET for the androgen receptor ( AR ) is relatively high , in the range of 38 to 100 % of that of dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) . A study found that , similarly to norethisterone and its 5α-reduced metabolite 5α-dihydronorethisterone , 5α-DHET showed increased affinity for the AR but decreased androgenic potency relative to ethisterone ( Ki = 16.1 nM for 5α-DHET and 101.1 nM for ethisterone , a 6-fold difference in affinity ) . The decreased androgenic activity of 5α-DHET in spite of increased affinity for the AR relative to ethisterone suggests that it has comparatively reduced efficacy as an agonist of the receptor , analogously to selective androgen receptor modulators ( AR partial agonists ) and antiandrogens ( AR antagonists ) . 5α-DHET has relatively low affinity for the progesterone receptor , only about 12 % of that of the progestogen progesterone . This is significantly less than that of ethisterone , which has been found to bind to the receptor with an affinity of 35 % of that of progesterone . Conversely , it has relatively high affinity for the glucocorticoid receptor , about 120 % of that of the corticosteroid dexamethasone . In regards to the estrogen receptors , 5α-DHET has weak affinity for the ERα of about 3.5 % of that of estradiol , and does not bind to the ERβ ( Ki > 10 μM ) .
In addition to steroid hormone receptors , 5α-DHET has very high affinity for sex hormone-binding globulin ( Kd = 0.18 nM ) , an androgen and estrogen binding and transport protein that has the effect of intermittently inactivating steroid hormones ( but also prolonging their half-life in the body ) . Its affinity for this protein is among the highest of any known compound and has been found to be roughly equal to that of DHT and mesterolone ( 1α-methyl-DHT ) . This property may contribute to the androgenic activity of 5α-DHET 's parent drug ethisterone by displacing endogenous androgens like testosterone and DHT from SHBG .
Pharmacokinetics
Metabolism studies of ethynylandrostanediol revealed that 5α-DHET can be metabolized via C7β and C16α hydroxylation .
Chemistry
5α-DHET , also known as 5α-dihydro-17α-ethynyltestosterone ( 17α-ethynyl-DHT ) as well as 17α-ethynyl-5α-androstan-17β-ol-3-one or 5α,17α-pregn-20-yn-17β-ol-3-one , is a synthetic androstane steroid and a derivative of testosterone . It is specifically the combined derivative of 5α-dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) and ethisterone ( 17α-ethynyltestosterone ) . The steroid is also closely related to ethynylandrostanediol ( 17α-ethynyl-5α-androstane-3α,17β-diol ) .
Analogues
Some closely related synthetic 5α-reduced steroid metabolites include 5α-dihydronandrolone , 5α-dihydronormethandrone , 5α-dihydronorethandrolone , 5α-dihydronorethisterone , and 5α-dihydrolevonorgestrel , as well as 19-norandrosterone and 19-noretiocholanolone .
Derivatives
The steroidal antiandrogen zanoterone ( WIN-49596 ) , which was investigated in the 1990s for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia but was never marketed , was derived from 5α-DHET . In terms of chemical structure , it is 5α-DHET with a pyrazole ring-containing moiety fused at the C2 and C3 positions .
Synthesis
A partial synthesis of 5α-DHET from androstenedione has been published .
References
5α-Reduced steroid metabolites
1-Ethynylcyclopentanols
Androgens and anabolic steroids
Androstanes
Glucocorticoids
Human drug metabolites
Ketones
Progestogens
Synthetic estrogens
Ayussinte Pusthakam ( transl . The Book of Passing Shadows ) ( ) , is a well-known Indian Malayalam language novel by C. V. Balakrishnan .
Development
Writing
Balakrishnan began writing this novel when they moved to Calcutta in late-1970s . An old edition of the Bible at St. Paul 's Cathedral in Calcutta triggered the book in him . It took them three years to complete the novel . Says the author : `` All the characters and villages of Christian settlers were in my mind long before I began thinking about writing Ayussinte Pusthakam . The characters are based on people I met during my course as a school teacher in a village in Kasaragod . I wrote Ayussinte Pusthakam at a time when I was going through an emotionally difficult period ; my relation with my father was strained and I was feeling very lonely . Ayussinte Pusthakam is about loneliness . The book is also about sin and sadness , written in a style and language that have been judiciously borrowed from The Bible . '' The protagonist in this novel is Yohannan , and the plot revolves around their ambiguities concerning sexual desire .
Translations
Ayussinte Pusthakam has been translated into Tamil and English since its publication in 1984 . Following is a list containing information about the translated works .
English translation
The book was translated from Malayalam into English by T.M . Yesudasan , a former associate professor and head , Department of English , CMS College Kottayam . They have contributed to journals and anthologies on literary and cultural studies including the Penguin collection , No Alphabet in Sight : New Dalit Writing from South India .
Adaptations
Drama
The novel was adapted into an experimental play by Suveeran . The play received Kerala Sangeeta Nataka Akademi Award of 2008 , and participated in several international festivals .
References
2009 Indian novels
Indian plays
Malayalam novels
`` Amore Mio '' ( English : My Love ) is a song by Mexican singer-songwriter Thalía from their twelfth studio album of the same name ( 2014 ) . The song was written by José Luis Ortega and produced by Armando Avila and was released by Sony Music Latin as the second single from the album in the Mexican territory on January 20 , 2015 .
Release and reception
In the Mexican territory , the song was officially announced by Sony Music as the second single of the album . Thalía has mentioned that they dedicated the song to their husband Tommy Mottola .
The song debuted in Mexico 's general airplay chart , gaining even more airplay than the album 's first single and peaking at # 1 . In the pop chart , published by Monitor Latino , the song also peaked at # 1 .
Video
Though the song does not have an official music video , Thalía did release an official lyric video for the song on their YouTube channel .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
Thalía songs
2015 singles
Sony Music Latin singles
Spanish-language songs
2015 songs
Pop ballads
The Battle of the Vikhra River ( , , ) took place on 29 April 1386 on the Vikhra River , tributary of the Sozh River , near Mstislavl between the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Principality of Smolensk . The Lithuanians achieved a decisive victory and Smolensk was forced to accept being a vassal of Lithuania .
Andrei of Polotsk fought with their younger half-brother Jogaila for the throne of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania . Andrei allied with the Livonian Order and Prince Svyatoslav II of Smolensk , who wanted to reconquer the Principality of Mstislavl . In February 1386 , when Jogaila and their allies celebrated their wedding to Jadwiga of Poland and coronation as Polish king in Kraków , the Order invaded Lithuania , almost reaching Vilnius . In March , the army of Smolensk besieged Vitebsk and Orsha , but could not take them . Svyatoslav devastated many lands on the Lithuanian border and besieged Mstislavl , which was defended by Karigaila , son of Algirdas .
Upon hearing the news of the invasion , Jogaila sent a great army under the command of their brother Skirgaila . The army also included Kaributas , Lengvenis , and Vytautas . Mstislavl withstood ten days of siege before the Lithuanian army reached it and engaged the Smolensk army . The result of the battle was a complete defeat of the Smolensk troops and the deaths of Svyatoslav and their nephew Ivan . Two of Svyatoslav 's sons , Gleb Svyatoslavich and Yury of Smolensk , were seriously wounded and taken prisoners . Skirgaila 's army approached Smolensk , but did not lay siege . Yuri , who according to the Bychowiec Chronicle was married to a niece of Skirgaila and Jogaila , was installed as the Prince of Smolensk and as a vassal to Lithuania . Gleb Svyatoslavich was taken as a hostage to Lithuania .
Eventually , Gleb returned to Smolensk and challenged Yuri for the throne . That provided Grand Duke Vytautas with an opportunity to seize Smolensk in 1395 .
References
the Vikhra River
1386 in Europe
14th century in Lithuania
Vikhra
Vikhra
Military history of Belarus
The 2010 Maidstone Borough Council election took place on 6 May 2010 to elect members of Maidstone Borough Council in Kent , England . One third of the council was up for election and the Conservative Party stayed in overall control of the council .
After the election , the composition of the council was :
Conservative 28
Liberal Democrat 23
Independent 4
Election result
The results saw the Conservatives hold control of the council after winning half of the seats being elected . This meant the Conservatives remained on 28 seats , while the Liberal Democrats gained 2 to hold 23 seats . Meanwhile , 2 independents lost seats , meaning there were 4 independents on the council after the election . Overall turnout in the election was 66 % .
The Liberal Democrats gained 3 seats from the Conservatives in the wards of Bridge , East and South , including defeating the cabinet member for leisure and Conservative deputy leader , Brian Moss , in Bridge . However the Conservatives took a seat back from the Liberal Democrats in Park Wood and the Conservatives also gained 2 seats from independents . The Conservatives gain from independents came in Bearsted and Shepway South , with the independent group leader , Pat Marshall , losing in Bearsted .
Ward results
References
2010 English local elections
May 2010 events in the United Kingdom
2010
2010s in Kent
Tomás Ezequiel Guidara ( born 13 March 1996 ) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Vélez Sarsfield .
Club career
Guidara 's career started with Belgrano at the age of 16 in the club 's youth system . They signed a professional contract on 12 June 2017 , prior to making their first-team debut in the Argentine Primera División on 22 June in a 2–1 win against Newell 's Old Boys ; they played the full match as they did a week later versus Huracán . Those were their only appearances in 2016–17 , while they received their first career red card in the first match of 2017–18 in a defeat to Banfield . Guidara penned a new contract with Belgrano on 26 April 2018 . June 2019 saw the right-back agree a move away following 2018–19 relegation , as they signed an agreement with Vélez Sarsfield .
International career
Guidara is eligible to represent both Argentina and Albania .
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Córdoba , Argentina
Argentine people of Albanian descent
Argentine footballers
Association football defenders
Argentine Primera División players
Club Atlético Belgrano footballers
Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield footballers
Mizuho Securities USA ( “ MSUSA ” ) is the US investment banking subsidiary of Mizuho Securities ( “ MHSC ” ) .
Overview
MSUSA is an SEC-registered Broker-Dealer and a Primary Dealer of US Treasuries designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York . MSUSA is also registered with the CFTC as a futures commission merchant ( FCM ) and has memberships in , or access to , a variety of global futures exchanges for trading in financial and commodity futures and options on futures contracts . Since 2006 MSUSA 's business activities expanded to include the underwriting of debt and equity securities , and trading in ETFs , MBS and corporate bonds . Headquartered in New York City , MSUSA has offices located in Boston , Chicago , Houston , Los Angeles , San Francisco New York City , Philadelphia , and Iselin .
Products and Services
Equity
MSUSA 's Equity Division provides equity research , capital markets access , and extensive equity and equity-linked distribution and execution capabilities for the equity markets in Asia and the Americas . MSUSA also has a Corporate Access desk that arranges numerous non-deal road shows . In 2010 MSUSA participated as Global Joint Coordinator on Dai-Ichi Life IPO , which was the largest IPO in Japan and 2nd largest globally for the year , and in the $ 6 billion Mizuho Financial Group global offering .
Fixed Income
MSUSA 's Fixed Income Division client relationship list includes central banks , banks , municipalities , hedge funds , asset managers and insurance corporations . MSUSA 's fixed income products include : US Treasuries , corporate bonds , Debt Capital Markets , US Agency Securities , Securities Financing , Strategic Credit Group , mortgage- and asset-backed securities , Japanese Government Bonds , Yen Fixed Income , Emerging Markets
Futures
MSUSA 's Futures Division provides futures clearing and execution services across a spectrum of institutional clients . MSUSA provides market coverage through Electronic Execution Services , Clearing Services and Voice Execution Services .
Investment Banking
MSUSA provides investment banking services through its Bridgeford division . The Bridgeford Group provides advisory services to Japanese and US multi-national corporations , offering services of mergers & acquisitions , financial structuring , and corporate strategy with expertise in cross-border transactions .
Leadership
Jerry Rizzieri is President and CEO of Mizuho Securities USA .
References
External links
Mizuho Americas ( Mizuho Securities USA Inc . )
Mizuho Financial Group
Mizuho Securities
Mizuho Bank
Financial services companies based in New York City
Financial services companies established in 2000
Banks established in 2000
2000 establishments in New York City
American subsidiaries of foreign companies
Securities USA
The Gambia sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7–18 September 2016 . This was the nation 's second appearance at a Paralympics , following their first participation in the 2012 London Paralympics . The Gambia sent one athlete , Demba Jarju , who failed to advance from their heat in the men 's 100 meters T54 event .
Background
The Gambia had made its debut in Paralympic competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. , but have never won a Paralympic medal . The Gambia has participated in every Summer Olympic Games since the 1984 Los Angeles Games . The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part . The only athlete sent by the Gambia to Rio was Demba Jarju . They were chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories : amputation , which may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , though there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; and Les autres , which is any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , like dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities . Other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Athletics
Demba Jarju was 27 years old at the time of the Rio Paralympics . They made their second Paralympic appearance in 2012 , having first represented The Gambia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics . They lost the use of both legs from contracting polio at the age of ten , and races in a wheelchair . They qualified for these Paralympics at an event in Morocco . On 16 September , they competed in the heats of the men 's 100 meters T54 . Drawn into the first heat , they completed the race with a time of 18.82 seconds , which put them seventh and last in their heat , and therefore unable to advance to the final eight . The gold medal was ultimately won by Leo-Pekka Tähti of Finland , the silver by China 's Liu Yang , and the bronze medal was taken by Kenny van Weeghel of the Netherlands .
See also
The Gambia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Para
Hendrik van Minderhout ( 1632 – 22 July 1696 ) was a Dutch-born artist who was primarily active in the Flemish cities Bruges and Antwerp . They painted marine paintings , harbor scenes , cityscapes , landscapes and architectural paintings . They also collaborated as a staffage painter with Flemish landscape and perspective painters .
Life
Minderhout was born in Rotterdam . They should not to be confused with the Rotterdam landscape painter Minderhout named 'den groenen Ridder ' . They arrived in Bruges in 1652 . They may have spent time in Italy in 1653 . In 1663 , they joined Bruges ' Guild of Saint Luke . Subsequently , from 1672 until their death in 1696 , van Minderhout lived in Antwerp where they became a member of the local Guild of Saint Luke . They paid three guilders and painted a large canvas of an oriental port to Antwerp 's guild to be exempted from any guild duties including the obligation to serve as the deacon of the Guild .
In 1673 , they married their second wife , Anna-Victoria Claus . The couple had five children , of whom two , Antoon ( 26 Sept 1675 – 22 Dec 1705 ) and Willem Augustin ( 28 Aug 1680 – 31 June 1752 ) , became painters .
They were the master of their son Willem Augustin , Lucas Smout the Younger , Jacob Balthasar Peeters and Nicolas de Veckere .
They died in Antwerp .
Work
Hendrik van Minderhout mainly painted large views of seas and harbours and marine battles . They also created cityscapes , landscapes and architectural paintings . Their subjects included realist views such as of the ports of Antwerp and Bruges , as well as imaginary views of Mediterranean and oriental ports . It has been suggested that the wide variety of works bearing the signature Hendrik van Minderhout points to the existence of two artists of the same name who were active at the same time .
Their later marine works are comparable to that of the Dutch seascape painter Willem van de Velde the Younger .
Van Minderhout was appreciated as a staffage painter by their Antwerp colleagues . They contributed the figures to works by local landscape and perspective painters including Wilhelm Schubert van Ehrenberg and Jacob Balthasar Peeters .
References
External links
Flemish Baroque painters
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Dutch marine artists
Painters from Rotterdam
Artists from Antwerp
1632 births
1696 deaths
Painters from Bruges
Painters from Antwerp
Major-General Reynell George Taylor ( 25 January 1822 – 28 February 1886 ) was a British military officer who served in the Bengal Army .
Early life
Taylor was born in Brighton on 25 January 1822 , the youngest son of Major-General Thomas William Taylor CB of Ogwell , Devon , who served with the 10th Royal Hussars at the Battle of Waterloo . From Sandhurst , where their father was lieutenant-governor , they were commissioned as a cornet in the Indian cavalry on 26 February 1840 .
In India
Taylor first saw service with the 11th Bengal Light Cavalry in the Gwalior Campaign of 1843 , and at the close of the war was appointed to the bodyguard . In the First Anglo-Sikh War they were severely wounded in a cavalry charge in the Battle of Mudki on 18 December 1845 . Sent to Lahore in 1847 , they became one of that famous body of men who worked under Henry Lawrence , and subsequently John Lawrence , in the Punjab . That same year they were left in charge of the city of Peshawar , leader of ten thousand Sikh troops and the whole district . Taylor organised a column of four thousand men who departed from Peshawar to occupy the Bannu District , and safely led the men through the Kohat Pass in November–December 1847 .
Taylor was in charge of Bannu at the outbreak of the Second Anglo-Sikh War . When they heard reports of the murders of Patrick Vans Agnew and W. A. Anderson at Multan on 20 April 1848 , they dispatched troops to assist Herbert Edwardes and remained at their post . In July they were ordered to proceed to Multan , which was at that time under siege , and then set out in an unsuccessful attempt to rescue British captives then being held at Peshawar . They next gathered an irregular force of 1,021 foot , 650 horse , and three guns , and laid siege to the fort of Lukkee , the key to the Derajat , on 11 December 1848 . The fort was captured on 11 January 1849 . For their services they were promoted captain on 15 December 1851 and major the next day .
In 1855 , after a prolonged visit to England , they were appointed commandant of the Corps of Guides . During the Indian Mutiny they were in charge of the Kangra district , and in 1859 they were appointed commissioner of the Derajat . They were promoted lieutenant-colonel on 21 December 1859 , and in 1860 was chief political officer of the Waziri expedition . Before retiring from the Derajat , in order to become commissioner of Peshawar in the spring of 1862 , they paid for the Church Missionary Society to establish a station in the district . The first head of the mission was Valpy French . In 1863 they served throughout the Ambela Campaign , was promoted to colonel on 3 April 1863 , and received the Order of the Bath the following month . They were granted the Order of the Star of India in June 1866 . After a short visit to England in 1865 they returned for the last time to India , to serve as commissioner of the Ambala district From 1870 they held the same post in the Amritsar division .
Last years
Taylor retired in 1877 as major-general . They were promoted lieutenant-general that year , and general on 15 December 1880 . They died at Newton Abbot on 28 February 1886 .
A biography by Ernest Gambier-Parry was published in 1888 .
Family
On 11 December 1854 Taylor married Ann , daughter of Arthur Holdsworth of Widdicombe , Devon . They survived him , along with several children , including Millicent Mary , who founded the Society of the Precious Blood , an Anglican religious order , and Henry , who played both first-class cricket and rugby union for Cambridge University .
References
Attribution
1822 births
1886 deaths
British Indian Army officers
Bengal Staff Corps officers
Corps of Guides ( India ) officers
British military personnel of the First Anglo-Sikh War
British military personnel of the Second Anglo-Sikh War
British military personnel of the Indian Rebellion of 1857
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Companions of the Order of the Star of India
Ywathit may refer to :
Ywathit , Kachin State , Mohnyin Township , Kachin State , Burma
Ywathit , Homalin , Homalin Township , Sagaing Region , Burma
Ywathit , Kyain Seikgyi , Kyain Seikgyi Township , Kawkareik District
Ywathit ( 18°5 '' N 95°46 '' E ) , Okpho Township , Bago Region , Burma
Ywathit ( 18°4 '' N 95°38 '' E ) , Okpho Township , Bago Region , Burma
Sebastian Ernst Klaus Dietz ( born 25 February 1985 ) is a German track and field athlete who competes in disability athletics in the F36 category . Dietz specializes in both the discus and shot put , winning a gold medal in the former at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London . As well as achieving Paralympic success Dietz has also won gold in their classification in both discus and shot put at the IPC World Championships .
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
German male discus throwers
German male shot putters
World record holders in Paralympic athletics
Paralympic athletes of Germany
Paralympic gold medalists for Germany
Paralympic bronze medalists for Germany
Paralympic medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Track and field athletes with disabilities
People from Worms , Germany
Sportspeople from Rhineland-Palatinate
is a Japanese novelist , visual novel writer and anime screenwriter . They are known for being the co-creator of the highly acclaimed and commercially successful anime series Puella Magi Madoka Magica , which earned them the Tokyo Anime Award for Best Scriptwriter , as well as the writer of the 2003 visual novel Saya no Uta , the 2012 anime Psycho-Pass , the light novel and anime Fate/Zero , and the 2013–2014 tokusatsu show Kamen Rider Gaim . They currently work at Nitroplus and Nitro+chiral . Anime written by Urobuchi that have won the Newtype Anime Awards have been Puella Magi Madoka Magica in 2011 , Fate/Zero in 2012 and Psycho-Pass : The Movie in 2015 .
History
Urobuchi graduated from Wako University with a degree in History . They aspired to become a novelist and after seeing Shizuku and Kizuato by Leaf , they felt confident about the range of expression that games have . They then started working at Nitroplus and worked on Phantom of Inferno as their debut series .
Writing style
In choosing names for the characters they develop , Urobuchi has stated that they shy away from selecting generic names that would match their personalities and instead opts for more unusual names that they believe would eliminate noise when fans try finding information on the characters with search engines . In a discussion with Urobuchi , manga writer Kazuo Koike contrasted this decision with the naming style in their own works , which emphasized more forthright names that were easier to remember . However , they found that Urobuchi 's method could be effective for allowing viewers to `` involve themselves deeper into the story and actively work to understand the characters . '' Urobuchi also said they attempt to keep at least one trait in common between each individual character and themselves so that they can always identify with them on some level .
Work
Visual Novels
Manga
Vampirdzhija Vjedogonia ( with Tetsuya Sakata ) . Serialized in Comic Dragon , 2 volumes published by Dragon Comics ( Kadokawa Shoten ) . August 2001 , February 2002 .
Ancient Misty ( with Tetsuya Nakamura ) . Serialized in Dengeki Comic Gao ! , 1 volume published by Dengeki Comics ( MediaWorks ) . August 27 , 2007 .
Light novels
Anime
Series
Movies
Sound dramas
Kikokugai : The Cyber Slayer ( 2004 ) - Script
Fate/Zero ( 2008-2013 ) - Original creator , script ( BD boxsets bonus )
Other Video games
Tokusatsu
Kamen Rider Gaim ( 2013–2014 ) - Series Composition , Script . 47 episodes , 44 ( all but 30 , 37 , 47 )
Kamen Rider Gaim : Great Soccer Battle ! Golden Fruits Cup ! ( 2014 ) - Original Creator , Script Supervision .
Other
Movies
Series
Awards
References
External links
1972 births
Anime screenwriters
Dark fantasy writers
20th-century Japanese novelists
21st-century Japanese novelists
Japanese horror writers
Japanese psychological fiction writers
Japanese science fiction writers
Japanese screenwriters
Japanese video game designers
Living people
Thriller writers
Writers from Tokyo
Cromford railway station is a Grade II listed railway station owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Railway . It is located in the village of Cromford in Derbyshire , England . The station is on the Derwent Valley Line north of Derby towards Matlock .
History
Originally known as Cromford Bridge , it was opened by the Manchester , Buxton , Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway in 1849 . This is one of the few stations on the line that has been preserved and is a Grade 2 listed building . It is said to have been designed by G.H.Stokes , son-in-law of Joseph Paxton . It is believed that Stokes also designed Station House ( built in 1855 ) , the extremely ornate former Station Master 's residence opposite the station on the side of the hill as well as the ornate villa style waiting room , on what was the 'up ' platform . According to English Heritage , this is the original station building . The present station building on the opposite ( down ) platform was added by the Midland Railway at a later date
Willersley Tunnel , which is long , is situated immediately north of the station .
The disused southbound platform was used as the single cover of the 1995 Oasis song Some Might Say .
Following many years of neglect and decline , a long lease on the main station building was purchased by the Arkwright Society ; the building has been restored and improved , re-opening as office space in May 2009 . Station House , of which the old Waiting Room is a part , is now self-contained holiday accommodation .
In the year from 1 April 2009 to 31 March 2010 , journeys from the station had increased by 16.88 % .
On 17 September 2009 , taxi driver Stuart Ludlam was murdered at the station by gun fanatic Colin Cheetham .
Station masters
On 18 January 1853 , the station master William Lees was summoned by Joseph Wain , a clark employed by the railway at Matlock Bath , for having beaten him . It transpired that bad feeling had previously existed between the plaintiff and defendant ; on 15 January 1853 , they had met on the causeway between Matlock Bath and Cromford , close to the Glenorchy chapel . Both of them were on the pavement and a dispute arose between them as to the etiquette of taking the wall . Wain accused Lees of beating hum repeatedly but Lees denied it . The following year William Lees left Cromford . The Derbyshire Courier of 25 November 1854 reported that Mr Lees assures our correspondent , that although a little unpleasantness , arising most likely from well meant but mistaken motives , has latterly arisen among a few of their Cromford friends , they leave the respectable inhabitants with a feeling akin to regret .
William Lees 1849 - 1854
Edwin Furniss ca 1859 - 1881
R.J. Oram 1881 - 1888 ( afterwards station master at Chorlton-cum-Hardy )
Lewis Wright 1888 - 1894 ( afterwards station master at Edale )
Harry l'Anson 1894 - 1898 ( afterwards station master at Chinley )
H.V . Weston 1898 - 1902 ( afterwards station master at Cheadle Heath )
J.G . Goss 1902 - 1907 ( afterwards station master at Bamford )
Thomas Cooper 1907 - 1913 ( formerly station master at Hazel Grove , afterwards station master at Belle Vue , Manchester )
William Brown 1913 - 1921
Walter Best from 1921
Harry Huntington ca . 1948 until 1957 ( afterwards station master at Wennington )
A. C. Phillips 1957 - 1958 ( formerly station master at Whatstandwell , afterwards station master at Pelsall )
Alfred George Armitage 1958 - ca . 1960 ( afterwards station master at Harlington )
Services
All services at Cromford are operated by East Midlands Railway .
On weekdays and Saturdays , the station is served by one train per hour in each direction between and . The final late evening service from Matlock is extended to .
On Sundays , there is a two-hourly service between Matlock and Nottingham in the morning , with services increasing to hourly from mid-afternoon onwards .
See also
Listed buildings in Cromford
References
External links
Cromford Station Waiting Room
`` Ingenious.org '' Express train at Cromford station , 1911
`` Geograph '' Cromford Station
`` English Heritage '' Railway Station , Cromford , Derbyshire as it is now
Friends of the Derwent Valley Line
Peak Rail
Derwent Valley Line East Midlands Trains Community Rail Partnership
Grade II listed buildings in Derbyshire
Railway stations in Derbyshire
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1849
Railway stations served by East Midlands Railway
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1840
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1863
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1863
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1876
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1876
1840 establishments in England
Crassicorophium bonellii is a species of amphipod crustacean in the genus Crassicorophium . It produces waterproof silk from its legs as an adhesive in constructing shelter for itself . In a study published in the journal Naturwissenschaften , it was found that silk is produced in a fashion very similar to spiders .
It has been suggested by Dr Fritz Vollrath of Oxford University that Crassicorophium silk 's tolerance of salt water means it might find uses in medical applications where it would come into contact with salty bodily fluids .
References
Corophiidea
Crustaceans of the Atlantic Ocean
Crustaceans described in 1830
Taxa named by Henri Milne-Edwards
Gulf Shores High School is a high school in Gulf Shores , Alabama , United States that serves grades 9-12 and is part of Gulf Shores City Schools in Alabama . The school is at the center of a plan to build a combination high school-junior college campus which would alleviate overcrowding at the present school while providing a close link with Coastal Alabama Community College .
Gulf Shores High School 's mascot is the dolphin .
History
It was a part of the Baldwin County School District until 2019 , when Gulf Shores 's own school district was established .
The school served Orange Beach and several unincorporated areas prior to the 2019 separation . For the 2019-2020 school year Orange Beach grade 7-10 students and grade 7-10 students in unincorporated areas had a choice between remaining with Gulf Shores schools or attending temporary classrooms established by Baldwin County schools . Orange Beach Middle and High School opened in 2020 .
Administration
Along with Gulf Shores Elementary and Middle schools , Gulf Shores High School is now part of the Gulf Shores City Schools system following the split from the Baldwin County school system , made official on June 3 , 2019 .
School principal , Cindy Veazey , was a principal previously at Wetumpka High School . Veazey was set to become principal of the Orange Beach Middle-High School in Orange Beach , Alabama ; however , they were appointed back to their position following the school split .
References
Schools in Baldwin County , Alabama
Public high schools in Alabama
The Pontifical Commission of Sacred Archaeology ( ) is an official board of the Vatican founded in 1852 by Pope Pius IX for the purpose of promoting and directing excavations in the Catacombs of Rome and on other sites of Christian antiquarian interest , and of safeguarding the objects found during such excavations . In 1925 , Pope Pius XI declared that the Commission was Pontifical and its competencies were defined in detail and reaffirmed recently in the conventions between the Holy See and the Italian State .
Background
At that period Giovanni Battista De Rossi , a pupil of the archæologist Giuseppe Marchi , had already begun the investigation of subterranean Rome , and achieved results which , if confirmed , promised a rich reward . In a vineyard on the Appian Way they discovered ( 1849 ) a fragment of a marble slab bearing part of an inscription , `` NELIVS . MARTYR '' , which they recognized as belonging to the sepulchre of Pope Cornelius , slain in 253 , whose remains were laid to rest in the Catacomb of St. Callixtus on the Appian Way . Concluding that the vineyard in which the marble fragment was found overlay this Catacomb , they urged Pius IX to purchase the vineyard in order that excavations be made there .
The Pope , after listening to the representations of the young Rossi , said : `` These are but the dreams of an archæologist '' ; and they added that they had works of more importance on which to spend their money . Nevertheless , they ordered the purchase to be made , and they allotted an annual revenue of 18,000 francs to be applied for excavations and future discoveries . The Commission of Sacred Archæology was then appointed to superintend the application of this fund to work in the Catacombs and elsewhere . The first meeting of this commission was held in Rome at 1851 , at the residence of Cardinal Costantino Patrizi Naro , who presided over it by virtue of their office , and selected its members , first amongst them being the Pope 's Sacristan , Mgr . Castellani , whose office up till then included that of the preservation of sacred relics . Mgr . Vincenzo Tizzani , a distinguished scholar , professor of history in the Roman University ; Marino Marini , Canon of St. Peter 's ; Father Marchi , S.J. , and G. B . De Rossi , were the first members .
The work achieved under its direction has included the formation of the Pio Cristiano Museum ; large-scale excavations and repairs in the Catacombs ; the discovery and opening up of several subterranean chapels of third-century popes , of St. Cecilia , of the Acilii-Glabriones , and the Cappella Greca ; the opening up of many Catacombs now accessible to visitors ; the publication of the three volumes of De Rossi 's Roma Sotteranea and their Bulletin of Christian Archæology , and many other works of a kindred nature . Under its auspices the Collegium Cultorum Martyrum , or `` Association for Venerating the Martyrs in the Catacombs '' , and the `` Conferences of Christian Archæology '' , were created . It also furnished financial assistance for the excavations made beneath the ancient Roman Churches of San Clemente and Sts . John and Paul , which brought to light underground churches long lost to sight and memory .
Management
The current president of the Pontifical Commission for Sacred Archaeology is Gianfranco Cardinal Ravasi ( because of their position as President of the Pontifical Council for Culture ) , the Vice President is the Abbot Dom . Michael John Zielinski , O.S.B . Oliv. , the secretary is Monsignor Giovanni Carrǜ , and the superintendent is Professor Fabrizio Bisconti .
The Pontifical Academy of Archaeology operates under its guidance .
Presidents of the Pontifical Commission
Francesco Marchisano ( 4 September 1991 – 28 August 2004 )
Mauro Piacenza ( 28 August 2004 – 7 May 2007 )
Gianfranco Ravasi ( 3 September 2007 – present )
See also
Pio Cristiano Museum
Pontifical Commission
References
cites :
MARUCCHI , Giovanni Battista De Rossi , Cenni Biografici ( Rome , 1903 ) ;
External links
Commission official website
Organizations established in 1852
1852 establishments in the Papal States
Pontifical commissions
Rhee Millena Timbang is the current Obispo Máximo or Supreme Bishop of the Philippine Independent Church . They were elevated from Archbishop of Surigao to Obispo Máximo on June 25 , 2017 and replaced Ephraim Fajutagana .
In their role as Obispo Máximo , Timbang has been highly critical of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte 's declaration of martial law in Mindanao and has condemned those who would link them and their church with the ongoing communist rebellion in the Philippines .
References
Filipino bishops
Living people
Members of the Philippine Independent Church
Bishops of Independent Catholic denominations
Year of birth missing ( living people )
is a railway station in Fuchū , Aki District , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Sanyō Main Line
Layout
4 tracks , 2 side platforms and station office are on ground . Only track 1 and 4 have platforms . Track 2 and 3 are used for freight trains . Station office lies at track 1 side ( south ) and 2 platforms connected by footbridge . This station do not have the north entrance .
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1920
Rubus pyramidalis is a species of bramble , a flowering plant in the rose family , native to northwest Europe .
Description
R. pyramidalis is a low arching shrub , with a dark red , variously hairy , unfurrowed stem . The stem bears numerous prickles which are from long , with a yellow tip . The leaves are divided into five light green , hairy leaflets , with all of these leaflets arising from the same point ( palmately compound ) . The terminal leaflet has an acuminate apex . The flowers are pink and the individual petals do not overlap .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Belgium , Czechoslovakia , Denmark , France , Germany , Great Britain , Ireland , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Poland , and Sweden . It is introduced in New South Wales , Australia .
In the British Isles , R. pyramidalis is a plant of hedgerows , woodland margins and heathland . It has a broad distribution in most of England and Wales , except northeast England , while it is confined to the western half of Scotland . In Ireland , R. pyramidalis is scattered , but with a concentration of records in Galway and Mayo .
References
pyramidalis
Mater Admirabilis is a fresco depicting the Virgin Mary , in the monastery of the Trinità dei Monti , in Rome . It was painted by a young French artist , Pauline Perdrau , and has been associated with several miracles .
Legend
Legend has it that Pauline asked the nuns at the Trinità dei Monti to paint a mural of the Blessed Virgin Mary . After weeks of painting , they finally finished their work . When the Mother Superior saw it , they said the colors were too bright and bold and immediately covered it with a large piece of fabric .
Years later , Pope Pius IX was visiting the church and questioned what was behind the cloth . The Mother Superior tried to distract the Pope from it , but they demanded to see it . When they drew back the fabric , it revealed what Pauline had painted years before , the colours having fading and blended together to create a much softer image . The Pope declared their Mater Admirabilis , “ Mother Most Admirable ” .
History
Pope Leo XII offered the church and monastery of the Trinità dei Monti to the Religious of the Sacred Heart . Perdrau , born in 1817 , who would later become a Religious of the Sacred Heart , painted the fresco in 1844 during their postulancy . It was blessed under the name Mater Admirabilis by Pope Pius IX on October 20 , 1846 . October 20 is the feast of Mater Admirabilis in the Roman Catholic Church , as observed by the Society of the Sacred Heart .
Sources
Perdrau , Pauline , Les Loisiers de l'Abbaye : Souvenirs inédits de la Mère Pauline Perdrau sur la Vie de Notre Vénérée Mère Gœtz , Rome , Maison Mère , 1936
External links
Religious of the Sacred Heart on Mater Admirabilis
The symbolism in Mater Admirabilis
Catholic paintings
Ostrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately west of Wojsławice , south of Chełm , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has a population of 160 .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Liang dynasty ( 502–557 ) , also known as Southern Liang , was an imperial dynasty during the Southern and Northern Dynasties period .
Liang dynasty may also refer to :
Former Liang ( 320–376 ) , one of the Sixteen Kingdoms
Later Liang ( Sixteen Kingdoms ) ( 386–403 ) , one of the Sixteen Kingdoms
Southern Liang ( Sixteen Kingdoms ) ( 397–414 ) , one of the Sixteen Kingdoms
Northern Liang ( 397–439 ) , one of the Sixteen Kingdoms
Western Liang ( Sixteen Kingdoms ) ( 400–421 ) , one of the Sixteen Kingdoms
Western Liang ( 555–587 ) , a puppet state during the Northern and Southern dynasties period
Later Liang ( Five Dynasties ) ( 907–923 ) , one of the five dynasties that ruled northern China successively during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period
See also
Liang ( state ) ( 8th century BC – 641 BC ) , a state during the Spring and Autumn period
Wei ( state ) ( 403 BC – 225 BC ) , also known as Liang after moving its capital in 4th century BC
Liang ( disambiguation )
On 27 July 1989 , Korean Air Flight 803 , a DC-10 crashed while attempting to land in Tripoli , Libya . 75 of the 199 passengers and crew on board plus 4 people on the ground were killed in the crash . The crash was the deadliest aviation disaster to occur in Libya at the time .
Aircraft and crew
The aircraft involved was a McDonnell Douglas DC-10-30 ( serial number 47887 and line number 125 ) . It was built in 1973 and made its first flight on 17 September . During the test period , the aircraft was registered N54634 . The aircraft was powered by three General Electric CF6-50C2 turbofan engines . In 1974 , the aircraft was sold to Air Siam , and it was registered in Thailand as HS-VGE on 25 November . In 1977 , the airliner was sold to Korean Air ( which at the time was Korean Air Lines ) , and received the Korean registration HL7328 on 25 February 1977 . The aircraft had 49,025 flight hours and 11,440 take-off and landing cycles . The captain was Kim Ho-jung ( 54 ) , the first officer was Choi Jae-hong ( 57 ) , and the flight engineer was Hyun Gyu-hwan ( 53 ) , .
Accident
Flight 803 was a scheduled International passenger service from Seoul , South Korea to Tripoli , Libya with intermediate stops in Bangkok , Thailand and Jeddah , Saudi Arabia . There were a total of 18 crew members and 181 passengers , mostly South Korean workers , who were returning to Libya for construction work after their home leave . The weather at the time of the crash consisted of heavy fog and visibility was between . Nevertheless , in such circumstances , the flight crew decided to continue the approach . On approach to runway 27 , the DC-10 dropped below the glide path , then at 7:05 ( according to other data - 7:30 ) , it crashed into two buildings , broke into three sections , and burst into flames . The crash site was in an orchard short of runway 27 . 75 people ( 72 passengers and 3 crew members ) died in the crash , in addition to four people on the ground .
Daewoo and Donga had multiple South Korean employees on board .
There were 189 South Koreans , seven Libyans , and three Japanese nationals .
Investigation
At the direction of the Libyan authorities , French specialists were invited to investigate the causes of the accident . The flight recorders were sent to France . American representatives , including the aircraft manufacturer , were not allowed into Libya at the time .
Aftermath
After the crash , Flight 803 's captain Kim Ho-jung was quoted as saying - `` The airport was shrouded in dense fog and visibility was poor when I approached . I lost contact with the control tower for 15 minutes before the crash . '' Libya 's official news agency JANA reported that a Soviet airliner one hour before Flight 803 had rerouted to Malta rather than land in the fog . Also the instrument landing system at Tripoli International Airport was n't working at the time of the crash .
A Libyan court found the captain and first officer guilty of neglect in December 1990 . They were given prison sentences of two years and eighteen months respectively . In the case of the first officer the sentence was suspended .
Cause
The cause of the crash was determined to be pilot error in attempting a descent below decision height without the runway environment in sight .
References
1989 in Libya
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1989
Airliner accidents and incidents involving fog
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by pilot error
Aviation accidents and incidents in Libya
Accidents and incidents involving the McDonnell Douglas DC-10
803
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by weather
1989 meteorology
July 1989 events in Africa
1989 in South Korea
Paul Kraus ( born 1944 ) is a Holocaust survivor and mesothelioma patient . Paul Kraus may also refer to :
Paul Kraus ( Arabist ) ( 1904–1944 ) , Jewish Arabist
Paul Krauß ( 1917–1942 ) , German ski jumper
Paul Krause ( born 1942 ) , American football safety
The Na+ Transporting Mrp Superfamily is a superfamily of integral membrane transport proteins .
It includes the TC families :
2.A.63 - The Monovalent Cation ( K+ or Na+ ) : Proton Antiporter-3 ( CPA3 ) Family
3.D.1 - The H+ or Na+-translocating NADH Dehyrogenase ( NDH ) Family
3.D.9 - The H+-translocating F420H2 Dehydrogenase ( F420H2DH ) Family
Mrp of Bacillus subtilis is a 7 subunit Na+/H+ antiporter complex ( TC # 2.A.63.1.4 ) . All subunits are homologous to the subunits in other members of this monovalent cation ( K+ or Na+ ) : proton antiporter-3 ( CPA3 ) family as well as subunits in the archaeal hydrogenases ( TC # s 3.D.1.4.1 and 3.D.1.4.2 ) , which share several subunits with NADH dehydrogenase subunits ( 3.D.1 ) . The largest subunits of the Mrp complex ( MrpA and MrpD ) are homologous to subunits in NADH dehydrogenases ( NDHs ) : ND2 , ND4 and ND5 in the fungal NADH dehydrogenase complex and most other NDHs , as well as subunits in the F420H2 dehydrogenase of Methanosarcina mazei ( TC # 3.D.9.1.1 ) . These homologous subunits may catalyze Na+/K+ and/or H+ transport .
See also
Transporter Classification Database
References
Protein superfamilies
Membrane proteins
Transmembrane proteins
Transmembrane transporters
Transport proteins
Integral membrane proteins
Peter Roe may refer to :
Peter Roe ( Irish distiller ) , owner of Dublin 's now defunct Thomas Street Distillery
Peter Roe ( soccer ) ( born 1955 ) , former Canadian soccer player
Peter Roe ( rugby league ) , English former professional rugby league footballer and coach
Symbion Thermal Power Station is a methane gas-fired thermal power plant located at the Cape of Busororo near the town of Nyamyumba in Rubavu District , in the Western Province of Rwanda .
Location
The power station is located at Cape Busororo , near Nyamyumba in Western Rwanda , approximately , by road , northwest of Kigali , the national capital and largest city in the country . This location lies approximately , by road , south of Gisenyi , the provincial capital and nearest large town .
Overview
Kivu 56 Power Station is owned and operated by Symbion Power LLC , a private energy provider headquartered in the United States . The plant consists of two facilities : ( a ) an off-shore installation which extracts , separates and processes methane gas , which is dissolved in the deep waters of Lake Kivu , and then delivers it to ( b ) an on-shore generating facility located at Cape of Busororo , where the gas is used to turn gas turbines to generate electricity .
Kivu 56 Power Station is the third methane gas powered power station in Rwanda , after KivuWatt Power Station , which generates 25 MW and is in the process of expanding capacity to 100 MW , and the Kibuye Power Plant 1 , which is also owned by Symbion and is undergoing phased expansion to .
Symbion Power has registered a Rwandan subsidiary company that it owns 100 percent by the name Shema Power Lake Kivu Methane Limited , to design , fund , build , own , operate and maintain the Kivu 56 Power Station . Four gas turbines , each rated at 16 megawatts , power the plant to produce 56 megawatts of clean energy .
Construction
According to the power purchase agreements signed between the relevant parties , the first from this power station , are expected in 2018 . In September 2017 , Symbion sold US $ 100 million worth of equity in its two Rwandan projects ; namely Kibuye Power Plant 1 and Kivu 56 Power Station . The money will be used to develop both power stations to generate a combined . A total of US $ 370 million is budgeted to fulfill that goal .
See also
References
External links
Symbion Power Acquires Existing KP1 Power Plant On Lake Kivu , Increasing Investment Level To US $ 330 Million
Lake Kivu 's Great Gas Gamble
Natural gas-fired power stations in Rwanda
Proposed natural gas-fired power stations
Union athlétique de Marseille , commonly known as UA Marseille , was a French basketball club from the city of Marseille . The club existed from 1940 to 1949 . It competed in the top-tier level French League , and won the league 's championship in 1948 .
Honours
French League
Champions ( 1 ) : 1947–48
French League 2
Champions ( 1 ) : 1946–47
Notable players
André Buffière
François Németh
Robert Busnel
René Chocat
Basketball teams in France
Sport in Marseille
Antigonon leptopus is a species of perennial vine in the buckwheat family commonly known as coral vine or queen 's wreath . This clambering vine is characterized by showy , usually pink flowers that can bloom throughout the year and large , heart-shaped leaves . A. leptopus is native to the Pacific and Atlantic coastal plains of Mexico , but also occurs as a roadside weed from Mexico south to Central America . It is widely introduced and invasive throughout tropical regions of the world , including in the south and eastern United States , the West Indies , South America , and the Old World tropics of Asia and Africa . This species is utilized for its edible tubers and seeds , but also for its horticultural properties as an ornamental vine in warmer parts of the world .
Description
Antigonon leptopus is a fast-growing climbing vine that holds on via tendrils , and is able to reach over 7 metres in length . It has cordate ( heart-shaped ) , sometimes triangular leaves 25 to 75 mm long . The flowers are borne in panicles , clustered along the rachis . Producing pink or white flowers from spring to autumn , it forms underground tubers and large rootstocks . It is a prolific seed producer . The seeds float on water . The fruit and seeds are eaten and spread by a wide range of animals such as pigs , racoons and birds . The tubers will resprout if the plant is cut back or damaged by frost .
Nomenclature
This species has a wide variety of common names . Some of them include :
Chamorro : cadena de amor , flores kádena .
English : bride 's tears , coral vine , confederate vine , chain-of-love , hearts on a chain , Mexican creeper , mountain-rose coralvine , queen 's wreath , queen's-jewels .
French : liane antigone , liane corail , rosa-de-montana .
Palauan : dilngau
Pohnpeian : rohsenpoak suwed
Portuguese : amor agarradinho ;
Spanish : bellísima , colación , confite , confitillo , corallita , corona , coronilla , flor de San Diego , San Miguel , San Miguelito .
Tongan : 'ufi
Distribution and habitat
Native
Antigonon leptopus is native to the Atlantic and Pacific coastal plains of Mexico . On the Pacific coast , this species is found in the north from the Sierra de la Giganta in Baja California Sur , the Gulf of California islands and northern Sonora . On the Atlantic Coast , this species is found in the north in Tamaulipas . Its range extends south and inland from the Pacific side to Jalisco , becoming more sporadic through Guerrero and Michoacán , on the Atlantic side through Veracruz , with both sides of the range converging in central Oaxaca .
This species occupies a variety of habitats , but prefers sandy soils and is intolerant of shade . In Baja California Sur , this species primarily occurs naturally in washes , arroyos , and on hilly slopes . The vine clambers over cacti and trees , and overwhelms shrubs and rocks . A. leptopus inhabits a number of different environments on the peninsula , from the islands and desert on the Gulf Coast , the Magdalena Plains , the Sierra de la Giganta , the Sierra de la Laguna , and the xeric scrubby lowlands of the Cape . It is also present as a native roadside weed and ornamental for fencerows , and can be seen prominently along Mexican Federal Highway 1 near the Sierra de la Giganta .
Non-native
Outside of its native range , Antigonon leptopus is a pantropical invasive particularly notable for destabilizing island ecosystems . It is present on all tropical continents and even on remote islands in the Pacific Ocean . Phylogenetic analysis of plants outside of the native range suggest that A. leptopus was introduced multiple times from different seed sources . Wide cultivation of the plant as an ornamental is usually the source of most introductions , although not all introductions are invasive , and some records of the plant represent persistent cultivated plants and not naturalized ones .
The preferred habitats of introduced A. leptopus includes disturbed areas , forest edges , roadsides , coral cliffs , limestone soils , along banks , and in waste places . It can tolerate full sun and partial shade , as well as poor soils . In the wet season , this species can completely outcompete and smother native vines and understory plants . In the dry season , it can tolerate drought by defoliating , which provides fuel for wildfires . Soil disturbance can spread the tubers , and the seeds can be dispersed easily because they float on water .
Uses
Antigonon leptopus was prepared for consumption by the aboriginal inhabitants of Baja California Sur in a way reminiscent of preparing popcorn . The seeds were toasted by placing them in a flat basket made of flexible twigs which was torn into strips and woven to make a solid surface . On top of the seeds live coals were placed , and with both hands the basket was shaken so that the coals came up against the seeds , toasting them , but not burning the basket . When the toasting was finished , the burned-out coals were removed . Using this method , a major portion of the seeds burst open , exposing a white meal . Afterwards , the seeds were separated from the husks from which they had emerged by tossing them into the air with the basket , similar to the method used in winnowing wheat in Spain . The seeds were then ground and the resulting meal was eaten . Alternatively , the seeds could be boiled and made into fried cakes .
Invasive species
This plant is listed as a category II invasive exotic by Florida 's pest plant council .
Invasion of Antigonon leptopus on the Caribbean island of St. Eustatius significantly increased arthropod abundance and caused biotic homogenization . Specifically , uninvaded arthropod communities that were distinctly different in species composition between developed and natural sites became undistinguishable after A. leptopus invasion . Moreover , functional variables were significantly affected by species invasion . Invaded communities had higher community‐weighted mean body size and the feeding guild composition of invaded arthropod communities was characterized by the exceptional numbers of nectarivores , herbivores , and detritivores . Taxa indicated as omnivorous ( e.g. , ants ) that seem intrinsically generalistic appear to primarily suffer from A. leptopus invasion and may be particularly sensitive to the habitat structural effects of A. leptopus . Increased coverage of A. leptopus leads to a significant decrease in the abundance of predatory lizards of the genus Anolis .
References
External links
Polygonaceae
Plants described in 1838
Flora of Baja California Sur
Flora of Chihuahua ( state )
Flora of Guerrero
Flora of Jalisco
Flora of Michoacán
Flora of Oaxaca
Flora of Sinaloa
Flora of Sonora
Pantropical flora
The Type Chiang Kai-shek rifle ( ) , also known as the Zhongzheng/Jiang Jieshi Rifle ( depending on the romanization of Chinese ) , Generalissimo rifle and Type 24 ( 二四式 ) , named after the Chinese Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek , was a Chinese-made copy of the German Standardmodell rifle , the forerunner of the Karabiner 98k . Pre-production of the Chiang Kai-shek rifle started in 1935 ( year 24 of the Republican calendar , hence the Type 24 ) . It was designated the Type 79 by the Chinese Communists .
The rifle was in full-scale production as early as late 1935 . However , the full standardization for the production of the Type Zhongzheng rifle only started during the Second Sino-Japanese war and the Hanyang 88 rifle was produced in greater numbers .
History
The weapon served as one of the main battle rifles for the Chinese National Revolutionary Army ( NRA , or Nationalists ) . Like the Karabiner 98k , it was a shortened and lightened version of the Gewehr 98 , specifically , a copy of the Oberndorf Export Mauser named Standard Modell . 10,000 had been bought by China in 1934 and the Germans provided the tooling to produce the Type 24 . The 1934 materials proved to be incorrect and new tools were sent in early 1935 .
Although it entered production at the Gongxian Arsenal in July 1935 , China 's limited industrial capacity meant that the rifle was built in relatively low numbers . Initial CKS rifles were made . The name of the rifle was changed from Type 24 to Type Chiang Kai-Shek after a visit of the Generalissimo to the factory .
As the war progressed , however , China 's industry in western cities like Chongqing and Kunming allowed more and more of these rifles to be produced , although quality controls persisted due to the need to move machinery in order to avoid being captured or destroyed by Japanese troops .
Together with the Mauser C96 handgun and the M35 Helmet , these weapons have become recognizable features of the Generalissimo 's National Revolutionary Army during China 's turbulent early 20th century . In an ironic twist , the rifle , although named after Chiang Kai-shek , was also heavily used by the Communists that they fought against during the Chinese Civil War .
Chinese Sergeant Tung Chih Yeh claimed to have shot and killed over 100 Imperial Japanese Army ( IJA ) soldiers using a Chiang Kai-shek rifle with and without a scope in the Yangtze area .
In 1941 the Chinese Communists managed to make copies of this rifle , dubbing theirs the Type 55 rifle in honour of Eighth Route Army Commander-in-chief Zhu De 's ( later Marshal ) 55th birthday .
About 600,000 were produced between 1935 and 1949 , of which ~400,000 had been produced during the war .
By the end of the 1940s , the Type Chiang Kai-shek rifle was phased out from frontline service in favor of superior American aid equipment , such as the semiautomatic M1 Garand , M1 carbine , and Thompson submachine gun for the Nationalists . Despite being replaced by more modern infantry weapons , the Type Zhongzheng still served the ROC armed forces well into the 1970s as a rifle for reserve forces . The Type Zhongzheng Rifle ( along with the American M1 Garand ) is still used by the ROC Army as a ceremonial/parade rifle to this very day . The Chinese People 's Volunteer Army used the Type Zhongzheng rifle during the Korean War alongside other small arms that were provided as military aid to the PRC by the Soviet Union . Among the weapons provided to Chinese Communist forces in Korea by the Soviet Union included Soviet capture Mauser Karabiner 98k rifles . The Type Zhongzheng rifle was also seen in the hands of the Viet Minh during the final stage at First Indochina War and of the Viet Cong during the Vietnam War .
The Chinese People 's Militia and smaller local paramilitaries were using Chiang Kai-shek rifles ( as well as Arisakas and Mosin–Nagants ) up until 1980 before it was replaced with more modern small arms ( e.g . the Chinese Type 56 assault rifle and the Chinese Type 56 carbine ) and became a supplemental ceremonial weapon ( the main ceremonial rifle is the SKS ) for the People 's Liberation Army to the present day . Many of these rifles ( along with other PLA and People 's Militia small arms ) were used by various Red Guard factions during the Cultural Revolution in the mid- to late 1960s .
Design
The major advantage of the Type Chiang Kai-shek over the Arisaka was that it had better stopping power with the use of the 7.92x57 Mauser cartridge ( .323 inch bullet diameter ) ; the rifle also had a better rate of fire and a greater range than the Arisaka . The weapon was shorter , ( similar in length to the Karabiner 98k ) when compared with the Gewehr 98 and the Arisaka Type 38 but firing produced more blast and recoil .
The rifle can have a HY1935 bayonet attached with the same Mauser bayonet lug , replacing the dadao ( 大刀 or literally `` Big Blade '' , a Chinese single-edged curved sword ) .
Users
: National Revolutionary Army , various Chinese Warlords and pro-Japanese Collaborationist Chinese Army
: Chinese Red Army called it Type 79
: Viet Minh and Viet Cong
See Also
Liao 13 rifle
Mauser Ge98
Mauser Kar98k
Notes
References
7.92×57mm Mauser rifles
Bolt-action rifles
National Revolutionary Army
Firearms of the Republic of China
World War II infantry weapons of China
Chiang Kai-shek
Military equipment introduced in the 1930s
Sumit Sambhal Lega ( English : Sumit Will Handle All ) is an Indian Hindi-language sitcom television series which premiered on 31 August 2015 on STAR Plus . The series is the Hindi adaptation of Warner Bros sitcom series Everybody Loves Raymond . Sony Entertainment Television acquired the rights of syndication of series in May 2020 .
Plot
The show revolves around the life of Sumit who lives with their family at D-124 , Greater Kailash in Delhi . Whiny and flippant , Sumit does not take many things seriously , making jokes in nearly every situation , no matter how troubling or problematic they are . They often avoid responsibilities around the house and with their kids , leaving them to their wife . Many times Sumit gets caught for their mischievous activities . In the end , their brother Rajneesh marries their girlfriend despite much trouble and begins to live on the third floor of Sumit 's home .
Cast
Main cast
Namit Das as Sumit Walia
Manasi Parekh as Maya Seth Walia
Saniya Touqeer as Aliya Walia
Avisha Sharma as Avi Walia
Bharati Achrekar as Dolly Walia
Satish Kaushik as Jasbir Walia
Vikram Kochhar as Rajneesh Walia
Benaf Dadachandji as Simran Walia ......
Recurring cast
Mohan Kapoor as Jay Seth
Kavita Kapoor as Avantika Seth
Muni Jha as Nirmal Anand
Seema Pandey as Pavitra Anand
Rakesh Bedi as Satbir Ahluwalia
Kiran Juneja as Pammi Ahluwalia
Anita Kanwal as Minti Mausi : Dolly 's sister
Amardeep Jha as Santoshi
Vindhya Tiwari as Reema
Sonia Rakkar as Miss Mishri
Anand Tiwari as Namit
Navina Bole as Natasha
Soni Singh as Nagina
Himani Shivpuri as Rita
Chirag Vohra as Nirdharit
Jatin Sapru as Sports Presenter ( cricket room )
Lekh Tandon as Happy Tau
Special appearances
Kapil Dev as Interviewee ( Episode 17 )
Harsha Bhogle as Host of `` Cricket Room '' ( Episode 23 )
Production
The series is an adaptation of Everybody Loves Raymond with a similar essence from the original version along with some deviations and a mix of Indian culture and nuances . For instance , Sumit ( Raymond 's Indian character ) and their family along with their parents live in the same house itself as seen in Indian tradition while in the original version Raymond 's parents live across the street from Raymond .
Steve Skrovan , who was a writer on the original series , was part of the team transforming the remake for India and also assisted the team in writing . Arshad Sayed , Chirag Mahabal and Sumit Roy wrote the Hindi scripts .
Speaking about the series Namit Das expressed , `` Finally , a show from a man 's point of view — just a fun-loving and light-hearted show . In an industry where women-centric kitchen politics rule , here is a show , that for once would address the married man 's perspective . ''
The makers wanted to bring the next season of the series but did not get support from the channel as the series did not perform well in terms of TRP .
Reception
Firstpost reviewed , `` In Sumit Sambhal Lega , the dialogues are neither particularly funny nor sparkling . Everybody Loves Raymond or Full House or FRIENDS are great examples of how American television writing grabs your attention from the very first scene with its writing . Unfortunately , the emphasis in India appears to be on the packaging instead of the writing . Neither is Everybody Loves Raymond , but you get drawn to the show because of the hilarious repartee and dialogues , the banter between characters , and the very believable reactions . Nothing was over-the-top or seemed illogical . ''
Daily News and Analysis stated , `` The makers have failed to bring the humor , the punch lines and the spunk of the original show . This is a light-hearted and breezy comedy laced with a subtle message that does touch a chord at times . The humour in Everybody Loves Raymond comes from the witty dialogue and the one-liners , which is missing in Sumit . '' Criticizing the characters , they said , `` From the casting to the writing , the series is a complete letdown . Namit Das as Sumit comes across more as a whiny wimp than Ray Romano 's Raymond , who was more spunky and entertaining . Mansi Parekh , who steps into Patricia Heaton 's shoes is adequate , but not as funny as the latter was . The otherwise talented Bharti Achrekar who plays Dolly Walia is over-the-top ( her boy cut and loud make-up add to it ) . Satish Kaushik as Jasbir Walia delivers a good performance as the obese and always hungry father while Vikram Kocchar as Sumit 's elder brother is annoying and thankfully does n't have much to do . ''
India Today stated , `` Namit would have been doing the job well enough had the makers NOT touted Sumit Sambhal Lega as Everybody Loves Raymond 's Indian adaptation . With a heavy heart , though , the sloppy , extremely-difficult-to-love character Kaushik is now playing in Sumit Sambhal Lega does not do justice to the man 's stature and experience of 33 years . And their on-screen wife , Bharati Achrekar is not helping the cause either . Thanks to the short boy-cut hair and ostentatious portrayal of their can't-let-go-of affection for Sumit , the battle between them and Manasi Parekh Gohil is organically won by the latter -- Maya Walia being the closest to their touted original , Debra Barone . ''
Hindustan Times said , `` It is definitely different than what is being shown on other channels and brings a breath of freshness with light , harmless comedy . '' Stating about the characters , they reviewed , `` Namit Das as Sumit looks like any 'husband-next-door ' but needs to brush up their comic timing . Manasi Parekh is Maya , the wife , and plays their part well . Bharati Achrekar plays the mom who does n't know the word 'Privacy ' . The funniest one however is Satish Kaushik who plays the forever-hungry father . '' However they also expressed to improve the plot and funnier dialogues .
News 18 quoted the series as a refreshing change stating , `` Subtle humor on Indian television has been missing for a long time and sitcoms revolving around urban milieu had become a rarity . 'Sumit Sambhal Lega ' has emerged as a refreshing change as it is a throwback to light-hearted family comedies . ''
Awards and nominations
See also
List of Hindi comedy shows
References
External links
Hindi comedy shows
2015 Indian television series debuts
Indian television series based on American television series
Indian television sitcoms
Hindi-language television shows
Television shows set in Delhi
StarPlus original programming
2016 Indian television series endings
Tornado Måløy Fotballklubb is a Norwegian association football club from Vågsøy , Sogn og Fjordane . It plays in both Måløy and Refvik , and the men 's team is situated in the Third Division , the fourth tier of Norwegian football .
History
The foundation of the club was agreed to in December 2002 , as a merger between Tornado FK and Måløy IL . The merger was decided on the annual conventions of Tornado and Måløy , and 100 % and 85 % of the convention-goers in the respective clubs agreed to the merger . The team started its existence in the Third Division , and had both Refvik stadium and Måløy stadium as home fields .
Tornado was the better team before the merger . Måløy was a Fourth Division team at the time . Tornado had in the past fielded players like Geir Televik and the prolific goalscorer Eivind Iversen . After scoring 41 goals in 26 games in the 1996 season , Iversen had offers to join eleven clubs on higher levels . Iversen joined SK Brann , and Tornado stayed in the Third Division until 1998 , when it won its group and was promoted to the 1999 Norwegian Second Division . The team remained there until 2002 , when it was relegated . It was the seventh best home team , but the second worst away team . It was speculated that a bankruptcy of fellow Second Division team FK Lofoten might save Tornado Måløy , but the bankruptcy was avoided .
Tornado Måløy 's first official match was a 2003 Norwegian Football Cup match ( first preliminary round ) , which they won 3–0 against Sandane TIL . In the second preliminary round they lost 0–5 to Stryn TIL . The team ended in third place in its first season , behind IL Jotun and Stryn . In 2004 they came in fourth behind Førde IL , Stryn and Fjøra FK . They dropped another place , to fifth behind Stryn , Sogndal 2 , Førde and Fjøra , in 2005 . In 2006 they were back at fourth again , behind Stryn , Førde and Sogndal 2 . In 2007 they ended in eighth place , their lowest ever placement . A fifth place in 2008 , behind Førde , Årdal FK , Sogndal 2 and Fjøra , followed . In 2009 they achieved their best placement so far , with a second place , three points behind Førde . In 2010 , they went one better , winning the Sogn og Fjordane section of the Third Division . However , they lost out on promotion after losing the playoff matches against Jevnaker . In 2011 , there was 12 Third Division groups instead 24 , and Tornado Måløy finished fifth in their group , behind Fana , Bjarg , FBK Voss and Årdal .
Results , men 's team
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-bgcolor= '' # efefef ''
! Season
!
! Pos .
! Pl .
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
! Cup
! Notes
|-
|2003
|3 . Division , section 16
|align=right |3
|align=right|22||align=right|14||align=right|1||align=right|7
|align=right|72||align=right|39||align=right|43
|2nd qualifying round
|
|-
|2004
|3 . Division , section 16
|align=right |4
|align=right|22||align=right|12||align=right|3||align=right|7
|align=right|76||align=right|48||align=right|39
|1st qualifying round
|
|-
|2005
|3 . Division , section 16
|align=right |5
|align=right|22||align=right|10||4||align=right|8
|align=right|66||align=right|48||align=right|34
|1st qualifying round
|
|-
|2006
|3 . Division , section 16
|align=right |4
|align=right|22||align=right|10||align=right|6||align=right|6
|align=right|53||align=right|42||align=right|36
|1st qualifying round
|
|-
|2007
|3 . Division , section Sogn og Fjordane
|align=right |8
|align=right|22||align=right|8||align=right|2||align=right|12
|align=right|52||align=right|69||align=right|26
|1st qualifying round
|
|-
|2008
||3 . Division , section Sogn og Fjordane
|align=right |5
|align=right|22||align=right|11||align=right|3||align=right|8
|align=right|58||align=right|38||align=right|36
|1st round
|
|-
|2009
||3 . Division , section Sogn og Fjordane
|align=right |2
|align=right|22||align=right|15||align=right|2||align=right|5
|align=right|68||align=right|29||align=right|47
|1st round
|
|-
|2010
||3 . Division , section Sogn og Fjordane
|align=right |1
|align=right|22||align=right|19||align=right|1||align=right|2
|align=right|86||align=right|21||align=right|55
|1st qualifying round
|Lost playoffs for promotion
|-
|2011
||3 . Division , section 8
|align=right|5
|align=right|26||align=right|13||align=right|4||align=right|9
|align=right|51||align=right|47||align=right|43
||1st round
|
|-
|2012
||3 . Division , section 8
|align=right|10
|align=right|26||align=right|10||align=right|2||align=right|14
|align=right|42||align=right|62||align=right|32
||1st round
|
|-
|2013
||3 . Division , section 8
|||||||||||||||
||1st round
|
| }
References
Official site
Football clubs in Norway
Sport in Sogn og Fjordane
Association football clubs established in 2003
2003 establishments in Norway
Michigan 's 98th House of Representatives district ( also referred to as Michigan 's 98th House district ) is a legislative district within the Michigan House of Representatives located in parts of Lapeer , Sanilac , and Tuscola counties , as well as all of Huron County . The district was created in 1965 , when the Michigan House of Representatives district naming scheme changed from a county-based system to a numerical one .
List of representatives
Recent Elections
Historical district boundaries
References
Michigan House of Representatives districts
Bay County , Michigan
Midland County , Michigan
The 1978 Saskatchewan general election was held on October 18 , 1978 , to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan .
The New Democratic government of Premier Allan Blakeney was returned for a third consecutive term with an increased majority in the legislature , and a larger share of the popular vote .
The Progressive Conservative Party of Richard Collver continued to increase its share of the popular vote in this election . They were the only other party to win seats and became the official opposition to the Blakeney government .
Fierce political infighting in the Liberal Party after the resignation of leader David Steuart led to electoral disaster in 1978 . The Liberals had lost two of the 15 seats they won in 1975 to by-elections and two more Grits crossed the floor to the Tories prior to the 1978 election . Under the disputed leadership of Ted Malone , the Liberals lost all of the 11 seats they still held in the legislature and more than half the votes it had won in the 1975 election .
Results
Percentages
Ranking
Riding results
Names in bold represent cabinet ministers and the Speaker . Party leaders are italicized . The symbol `` * * `` indicates MLAs who are not running again .
Northwest Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Athabasca
||
|Frederick John Thompson2,340
|
|Frank Petit1,180
|
|Henry Coupland498
|
|
||
|Frederick John Thompson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Cut Knife-Lloydminster
||
|Bob Long3,828
|
|Bob Kent3,213
|
|Bill Taylor259
|
|
||
|Miro Kwasnica * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Meadow Lake
|
|Gord McNeill2,789
||
|George McLeod3,016
|
|Colin Campbell537
|
|
||
|Gordon James McNeill
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Redberry
||
|Dennis Banda3,325
|
|John Gerich2,916
|
|Peter Bomok491
|
|
||
|Dennis George Banda
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Rosthern
|
|Howard Lucas3,162
||
|Ralph Katzman4,708
|
|Bill Patrick964
|
|
||
|Ralph Katzman
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|The Battlefords
||
|Eiling Kramer4,589
|
|Rod McKenzie2,175
|
|Mervin Zulyniuk1,427
|
|
||
|Eiling Kramer
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Turtleford
||
|Lloyd Johnson2,983
|
|Charlie Wells2,188
|
|Pauline H. Cadrain620
|
|
||
|Lloyd Emmett Johnson
|-
|style= '' width : 130px '' |NDP
|David Miner
|align= '' right '' |3,432
|align= '' right '' |48.59 %
|align= '' right '' |-7.44
|Prog . Conservative
|Harry Zamonsky
|align= '' right '' |2,143
|align= '' right '' |30.34 %
|align= '' right '' |+3.79
|Liberal
|Thomas Bidart
|align= '' right '' |1,488
|align= '' right '' |21.07 %
|align= '' right '' |+3.65
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' left '' colspan=3|Total
! align= '' right '' |7,063
! align= '' right '' |100.00
! align= '' right '' |
Northeast Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Cumberland
||
|Norm MacAuley2,586
|
|George L. Horne1,254
|
|Leon E. McAuley526
|
|
||
|Norman H. MacAuley
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kelsey-Tisdale
||
|John R. Messer4,031
|
|Neil Hardy3,461
|
|P . Hudson Foga527
|
|
||
|John Rissler Messer
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kinistino
||
|Don Cody4,042
|
|Louis A. Domotor2,661
|
|Robert G. Michayluk706
|
|
||
|Arthur Thibault * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Melfort
||
|Norm Vickar3,102
|
|Bill Warner3,749
|
|John W. Calderwood605
|
|
||
|Norman Vickar
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Nipawin
|
|Irvin G. Perkins3,262
||
|Richard Collver3,733
|
|Ron J. Wassill568
|
|
||
|Richard Lee Collver
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Prince Albert
||
|Mike Feschuk4,472
|
|Richard E. Spencer3,514
|
|Helga Reydon286
|
|
||
|Mike Feschuk
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Prince Albert-Duck Lake
||
|Jerome Hammersmith3,618
|
|Norm Wipf3,569
|
|Colonel J. Archibald660
|
|
||
|Norm Wipf
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Shellbrook
||
|George Bowerman3,835
|
|John P. Meagher3,029
|
|Manley R. McLachlan511
|
|
||
|George Bowerman
|-
|style= '' width : 130px '' |Prog . Conservative
|Neil Hardy
|align= '' right '' |3,334
|align= '' right '' |48.39 %
|align= '' right '' |+5.23
|NDP
|Lars Bracken
|align= '' right '' |3,232
|align= '' right '' |46.91 %
|align= '' right '' |-3.36
|Liberal
|Jim Russell
|align= '' right '' |324
|align= '' right '' |4.70 %
|align= '' right '' |-1.87
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' left '' colspan=3|Total
! align= '' right '' |6,890
! align= '' right '' |100.00
! align= '' right '' |
West Central Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Arm River
|
|Donald Leonard Faris3,308
||
|Gerald Muirhead3,501
|
|Greg Wensel1,101
|
|
||
|Donald Leonard Faris
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Biggar
||
|Elwood L. Cowley4,787
|
|Roy Norris3,270
|
|Lynn Tokle552
|
|
||
|Elwood Lorrie Cowley
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Humboldt
||
|Edwin Tchorzewski4,272
|
|John Bajbula2,439
|
|Peter Cline1,065
|
|
||
|Edwin Tchorzewski
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kindersley
|
|David G. Thomson2,461
||
|Bob Andrew2,774
|
|Allan McMillan1,937
|
|
||
|Allan Neil McMillan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Rosetown-Elrose
|
|Jim Mills3,056
||
|Herbert Swan3,587
|
|Calvin W. Fensom1,011
|
|
||
|Roy Bailey * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Wilkie
|
|Ray Heather2,371
||
|Jim Garner2,865
|
|Linda Clifford1,975
|
|
||
|Linda Clifford
East Central Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Canora
||
|Al Matsalla4,258
|
|Eugene Teslia2,647
|
|Joseph F. Matsalla730
|
|
||
|Al Matsalla
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kelvington-Wadena
||
|Neil Byers4,165
|
|Ray Meiklejohn3,366
|
|A . Ben Ferrie521
|
|
||
|Neil Erland Byers
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Last Mountain-Touchwood
||
|Gordon MacMurchy4,150
|
|Arnold Tusa3,795
|
|Gill Fontaine385
|
|
||
|Gordon S. MacMurchy
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Melville
||
|John Kowalchuk4,072
|
|Glenn Miller3,465
|
|Cecil Headrick901
|
|
||
|John Russell Kowalchuk
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Pelly
||
|Norm Lusney3,739
|
|Donald F. Boyd2,130
|
|Rudolph Els760
|
|
||
|Norm Lusney
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Quill Lakes
||
|Murray Koskie3,662
|
|W . Brian Wildeman2,251
|
|Mervyn T. Warner919
|
|
||
|Murray James Koskie
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saltcoats
||
|Ed Kaeding3,354
|
|Walter R. Johnson3,265
|
|Gabriel R. Neumeier680
|
|
||
|Ed Kaeding
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Yorkton
||
|Randy Nelson4,128
|
|Ray S. Malinowski3,637
|
|Irene Konkin1,036
|
|
||
|Randall Neil Nelson
Southwest Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Assiniboia-Gravelbourg
||
|Allan Engel3,126
|
|Wilf Lethbridge2,331
|
|Roy Nelson2,662
|
|
||
|Roy Nelson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Maple Creek
|
|Norman Arndt2,327
||
|Joan Duncan3,496
|
|W.V . `` Fred '' Deis1,341
|
|
||
|Bill Stodalka * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moose Jaw North
||
|John Skoberg4,483
|
|Kerry R. Chow3,579
|
|Gene Chura1,003
|
|
||
|John Leroy Skoberg
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moose Jaw South
||
|Gordon Snyder4,512
|
|Arthur `` Bud '' Smith2,408
|
|Terry W. Ocrane716
|
|
||
|Gordon Taylor Snyder
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Morse
||
|Reg Gross2,587
|
|Art Martens2,203
|
|Jack Wiebe2,024
|
|
||
|John Edward Niel Wiebe
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Shaunavon
||
|Dwain Lingenfelter2,778
|
|Jim Lacey2,145
|
|Eiliv `` Sonny '' Anderson2,385
|
|
||
|Eiliv `` Sonny '' Anderson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Swift Current
|
|Spencer Wooff3,288
||
|Dennis Ham3,620
|
|Stew Tasche936
|
|
||
|Dennis Ham
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Thunder Creek
|
|D . Hicks2,424
||
|Colin Thatcher3,359
|
|Ron Gleim1,270
|
|
||
|Wilbert Colin Thatcher
Southeast Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Bengough-Milestone
|
|Jim Liggett3,069
||
|Bob Pickering3,118
|
|Rod MacDonald1,018
|
|
||
|David Lange * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Estevan
|
|Norman Blondeau2,703
||
|Bob Larter4,376
|
|Paul Bachorcik948
|
|
||
|Robert Austin Larter
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Indian Head-Wolseley
|
|Pat Connolley2,400
||
|Doug Taylor2,893
|
|Cyril MacDonald1,943
|
|
||
|Cyril Pius MacDonald
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moosomin
|
|Fred A. Easton2,614
||
|Larry Birkbeck3,353
|
|J . Sinclair Harrison1,964
|
|
||
|Larry Birkbeck
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Qu'Appelle
|
|Greg Willows6,844
||
|John Gary Lane7,231
|
|J . Don McCullough1,541
|
|
||
|John Gary Lane
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Souris-Cannington
|
|Dean Fraser2,019
||
|Eric Berntson3,739
|
|Gerard Belisle1,170
|
|
||
|Eric Arthur Berntson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Weyburn
||
|Jim Pepper3,517
|
|Glen Dods3,449
|
|Ron Chapdelaine981
|
|
||
|James Auburn Pepper
|-
|style= '' width : 130px '' |NDP
|John Chapman
|align= '' right '' |2,918
|align= '' right '' |36.79 %
|align= '' right '' |+3.12
|Prog . Conservative
|Grant Devine
|align= '' right '' |2,858
|align= '' right '' |36.03 %
|align= '' right '' |-18.49
|Liberal
|Ralph Goodale
|align= '' right '' |2,156
|align= '' right '' |27.18 %
|align= '' right '' |+15.37
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' left '' colspan=3|Total
! align= '' right '' |7,932
! align= '' right '' |100.00
! align= '' right '' |
Saskatoon
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Buena Vista
||
|Herman Rolfes3,786
|
|Reg Schafer2,343
|
|Doris Serne1,272
|
|
||
|Herman Harold Rolfes
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Centre
||
|Paul Mostoway5,246
|
|Harry Baker2,743
|
|Jean Korchin1,453
|
|
||
|Paul Peter Mostoway
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Eastview
||
|Bernie Poniatowski4,018
|
|Kimberly Young3,322
|
|Marie Eaton1,257
|
|
||
|Glen Penner * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Mayfair
||
|Beverly Dyck4,328
|
|Donna L. Birkmaier2,394
|
|Dick Reed1,104
|
|
||
|Beverly Dyck
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Nutana
||
|Wes Robbins4,739
|
|Grant Devine2,466
|
|John A. Shanks1,080
|
|
||
|W . Albert Robbins
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Riversdale
||
|Roy Romanow5,225
|
|Mary Cherneskey2,205
|
|Nestor W. Romaniuk640
|
|
||
|Roy Romanow
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Sutherland
||
|Peter Prebble5,007
|
|Bill Lane4,722
|
|Douglas R. Knott1,845
|
|
||
|Harold William Lane
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Westmount
||
|John Edward Brockelbank5,651
|
|Peter Shinkaruk2,427
|
|Peter Sydney Groves909
|
|
||
|John Edward Brockelbank
Regina
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Centre
||
|Ned Shillington3,767
|
|Keith Jeal1,451
|
|George Exner935
|
|William C. Beeching ( Ind . ) 45
||
|Edward Shillington
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Elphinstone
||
|Allan Blakeney4,390
|
|Christine Whitaker1,250
|
|R . Lawson Wilde596
|
|
||
|Allan Blakeney
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Lakeview
||
|Doug McArthur3,351
|
|Ian McPherson1,684
|
|Ted Malone2,366
|
|
||
|Edward Cyril Malone
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina North East
||
|Walt Smishek4,831
|
|F . Warren Denzin2,248
|
|Del Miller805
|
|Roger D. Annis ( Ind . ) 36
||
|Walter Smishek
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina North West
||
|Ed Whelan5,575
|
|Philip Lundeen3,142
|
|J . Culliton Poston1,443
|
|
||
|Edward Charles Whelan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Rosemont
||
|Bill Allen4,524
|
|Florian Vanderlinde2,154
|
|Gerry Bassendowski766
|
|
||
|William J. G. Allen
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina South
|
|John Hettema3,114
||
|Paul Rousseau3,325
|
|Philip M. Desjardine1,688
|
|
||
|Stuart Cameron * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Victoria
||
|Henry Baker3,729
|
|Andrew G. Shepherd1,594
|
|Glenn Caleval820
|
|
||
|Henry Harold Peter Baker
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Wascana
||
|Clint White3,993
|
|Allan W. Wagar2,945
|
|J . Duane Koch1,859
|
|
||
|Anthony Merchant * *
|-
|style= '' width : 130px '' |NDP
|John Solomon
|align= '' right '' |3,354
|align= '' right '' |47.75 %
|align= '' right '' |-7.12
|Liberal
|Ted Malone
|align= '' right '' |2,211
|align= '' right '' |31.47 %
|align= '' right '' |+17.27
|Prog . Conservative
|Philip Lundeen
|align= '' right '' |1,460
|align= '' right '' |20.78 %
|align= '' right '' |-10.15
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' left '' colspan=3|Total
! align= '' right '' |7,025
! align= '' right '' |100.00
! align= '' right '' |
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board - Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan : Provincial Vote Summaries
1978 elections in Canada
1978 in Saskatchewan
1978
October 1978 events in Canada
A total lunar eclipse took place on 4 April 2015 . It is the former of two total lunar eclipses in 2015 , and the third in a tetrad ( four total lunar eclipses in series ) . Other eclipses in the tetrad are those of 15 April 2014 , 8 October 2014 , and 28 September 2015 .
This is the 30th member of Lunar Saros 132 , and the first total eclipse . The previous event was the March 1997 lunar eclipse , being slightly partial .
Duration
Totality lasted only 4 minutes and 43 seconds , making it the shortest lunar totality in almost five centuries since 17 October 1529 ( which lasted 1 minute and 42 seconds ) . It was claimed by some that due to the oblateness of the Earth , it may have actually just been a partial eclipse . It was the sixth total lunar eclipse out of nine with totality under 5 minutes in a five millennium period between 2,000 BC and 3,000 AD . The eclipsed moon was 12.9 % smaller in apparent diameter than the supermoon September 2015 lunar eclipse , measured as 29.66 ' and 33.47 ' in diameter from the center of the earth . It occurred 3 days past apogee at 29.42 ' .
Visibility
The eclipse was visible across the Pacific , including all of Australia and New Zealand . It was visible near sunrise for North America , and after sunset for eastern Asia including India .
Background
A lunar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes within Earth 's umbra ( shadow ) . As the eclipse begins , Earth 's shadow first darkens the Moon slightly . Then , the shadow begins to `` cover '' part of the Moon , turning it a dark red-brown color ( typically - the color can vary based on atmospheric conditions ) . The Moon appears to be reddish because of Rayleigh scattering ( the same effect that causes sunsets to appear reddish ) and the refraction of that light by Earth 's atmosphere into its umbra .
The following simulation shows the approximate appearance of the Moon passing through Earth 's shadow . The Moon 's brightness is exaggerated within the umbral shadow . The southern portion of the Moon will be closest to the center of the shadow , making it darkest , and most red in appearance .
Gallery
Timing
† The Moon was not visible during this part of the eclipse in this time zone .
Related eclipses
Eclipses of 2015
A total solar eclipse on 20 March .
A total lunar eclipse on 4 April .
A partial solar eclipse on 13 September .
A total lunar eclipse on 28 September .
Half-Saros cycle
A lunar eclipse will be preceded and followed by solar eclipses by 9 years and 5.5 days ( a half saros ) . This lunar eclipse is related to two total solar eclipses of solar saros 139 .
Lunar year series
The eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the ascending node of the moon 's orbit .
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations , or 354 days ( shifting back about 10 days in sequential years ) . Because of the date shift , the Earth 's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events .
Saros series
Tzolkinex
Preceded : Lunar eclipse of February 20-21 , 2008
Followed : Lunar eclipse of May 15-16 , 2022
See also
List of lunar eclipses and List of 21st-century lunar eclipses
Notes
External links
Hermit Eclipse : Total Lunar Eclipse : April 4 , 2015
Mattastro.com Total Lunar Eclipse : April 4 , 2015
Full Moon in Earth 's Shadow APOD 2015 April 8
2015-04
2015 in science
April 2015 events
The Victoria Curling Club was founded as the club signed a lease for land with the City of Victoria , British Columbia , Canada in 1950 . However , construction did not commence until 1952 as material shortages from the Korean War had caused delays . Still the Victoria Curling Club opened in February 1953 with eight sheets of ice .
Victoria CC Champions
1958 - BC Men 's Champions - Tony Gutoski , Bill Dunstan , Gary Leibel , Dale Dalziel
1969 – BC Senior Men 's Champions - Gordon Moore , Dick Pick , L. Perlette , Joe Leibel
1971 – BC Senior Men 's Champions - Gordon Moore , Gordon Hooey , Dick Pick , Jack Smith
1972 – BC Senior Men 's Champions - Gordon Walker , W. Winkler , O. Powell , Elmer Hoffman
1974 - BC & Canadian Senior Women 's Champions - Flora Martin , Edna Messum , Doreen Baker , Betty Stubbs
1975 - BC & Canadian Senior Women 's Champions - Flora Martin , Edna Messum , Doreen Baker , Betty Stubbs
1979 - BC & Canadian Senior Women 's Champions - Flora Martin , Elsie Humphrey , Verle McKeown , Edna Messum
1980 - BC & Canadian Senior Women 's Champions - Flora Martin , Elsie Humphrey , Verle McKeown , Edna Messum
1980 – BC Men 's Champions - Tim Horrigan , Lowell Goulden , Kelly Horrigan , Dave Smith
1981 - BC & Canadian Senior Women 's Champions - Flora Martin , Elsie Humphrey , Verle McKeown , Edna Messum
1981 – BC Mixed Champions - Don Nemeth , Pat Sanders , Lowell Goulden , Lana Lacheur
1983 – BC Mixed Champions - Steve Skillings , Pat Sanders , Al Carlson , Lea Cooke
1985 – BC Junior Women 's Champions - Georgina Hawkes , Christine Stevenson , Tracey Barwick , Deb Massullo
1985 – BC & Canadian Mixed Champions - Steve Skillings , Pat Sanders , Al Carlson , Louise Herlinveaux
1987 – BC , Canadian & World Women 's Champions - Pat Sanders , Georgina Hawkes , Louise Herlinveaux , Deb Massullo
1987 – BC Senior Women 's Champions - Dorthy Fukuyama , Eileen Williams , Grace McNutt , Ivy McLeod
1988 – BC & Canadian Junior Men 's Champions - Mike Wood , Mike Bradley , Todd Troyer , Greg Hawkes
1989 – BC Women 's Champions - Julie Sutton , Pat Sanders , Georgina Hawkes , Melissa Soligo
1989 – BC Mixed Champions - Steve Skillings , Pat Sanders , Al Carlson , Georgina Hawkes
1991 - BC & Canadian Women 's Champions - Julie Sutton , Jodie Sutton , Melissa Soligo , Karri Willms
1992 – Winter Olympic Bronze Medalists - Julie Sutton , Jodie Sutton , Melissa Soligo , Karri Willms
1993 - BC Women 's Champions - Julie Sutton , Jodie Sutton , Melissa Soligo , Karri Willms
1993 – BC Mixed Champions - Steve Streifel , Georgina Hawkes , Sean Cromarty , Cheryl Noble
1995 – BC Junior Women 's Champions - Michelle Harding , Shalegh Beddington , Denise Byers , Kim Danderfer
1996 – BC Junior Women 's Champions - Jenna Richard , Michelle Harding , Shalegh Beddington , Denise Byers
1998 – BC Junior Women 's Champions - Melody Chilibeck , Paulene Levasseur , Vicki Cannon , Denise Lavasseur
1999 – BC Women 's Champions - Pat Sanders , Michelle Harding , Cindy Tucker , Denise Byers
2001 – BC Junior Women 's Champions - Allison Shivas , Diana Shivas , Steph Jackson , Heather Shivas
2001 – BC Men 's Champions - Dean Joanisse , Jay Tuson , Glen Jackson , Randy Tervo
2002 - BC Junior Women 's Champions - Allison Shivas , Diana Shivas , Steph Jackson , Heather Shivas
2004 – BC Junior Men 's Champions - Chris Baier , Will Sutton , Ryan Campbell , Andrew McMullen
2005 – BC Junior Women 's Champions - Sarah Wark , Darah Provençal , Steph Jackson , Sarah Neal
2006 – BC Junior Women 's Champions - Kirsten Fox , Steph Jackson , Angela Miller , Erin Fox
2007 - BC Junior Women 's Champions - Dailene Sivertson , Steph Jackson , Kristen Mitchell , Megan Reid
2007 - BC Men 's Champions - Dean Joanisse , Mike Wood , Dave Nantes , Chris Atchison
2007 - BC Juvenile Boys Champions - Joel Cave , Ian Hardy , Tyler O'Brien , Corey Chester
External links
Official website
Curling clubs in Canada
Sports venues in Victoria , British Columbia
Curling in British Columbia
1950 establishments in British Columbia
Time Is Not Much is the debut album by Christchurch-born singer-songwriter/rapper Ladi6 , released in November 2008 . It won Best Urban/Hip Hop Album and Ladi6 was nominated for Best Female Solo Artist at the 2009 New Zealand Music Awards . In the same year Ladi6 won Best Pacific Female Artist at the 2009 Pacific Music Awards .
Time Is Not Much was released independently in New Zealand and debuted at number 4 on the New Zealand Top 40 Album chart , staying in the top 40 albums for 10 weeks . The album was mostly produced by Ladi6 's partner Parks ( aka Brent Park ) . It was released throughout Europe by London label BBE Records in July 2010 .
Track listing
`` Give Me the Light '' – 3:23
`` Call You Out '' – 3:23
`` So Far '' – 4:18
`` Walk Right Up '' – 4:38
`` Down and Out '' – 5:27
`` Question ? '' – 5:43
`` Time Is Not Much ( Boogie 's Interlude ) '' – 1:59
`` Dark Brown '' – 4:08
`` Believe Me '' – 3:47
`` Jacknife '' – 4:11
`` More than Fake '' – 4:47
`` Danger '' ( hidden track )
Charts
References
Ladi6 albums
2008 debut albums
K-177 is a south–north state highway in central Kansas . It runs from U.S. Route 54 ( US-54 ) near El Dorado northward to US-24 in Manhattan , passing through the Flint Hills . It is part of the Flint Hills Scenic Byway and the Prairie Parkway .
Route description
From its beginnings at US-54 east of El Dorado , K-177 heads northward for then crosses Bird Creek . The highway then curves northeast and travels about then curves back north . It continues about then begins to cross the Bemis Creek leg of El Dorado Lake , providing access to El Dorado Lake along the way . It continues north for then crosses the Satchel Creek leg of El Dorado Lake . K-177 continues another then crosses Durechen Creek . The highway then crosses a BNSF Railway track , then curves northeast and begins to parallel it along with I-35 and Kansas Turnpike . The highway continues northeast then enters the city of Cassoday . In the city , the highway turns north at junction with Stony Creek Road . K-177 continues north through the city before exiting the city at a junction with Sunbarger Street . As it exits the city it crosses Walnut Creek then reaches an interchange with I-35 and KTA at exit 92 . K-177 continues north for then reaches the Chase County line , where it curves north and begins to parallel it . After it curves northeast into the county .
Into the county it begins to parallel the BNSF Railway again , then crosses it and curves north . The highway soon crosses Jack Creek then curves northeast . The highway continues northeast between the railway and Mercer Creek . K-177 curves north at road and enters the city of Matfield Green as Reed Street . It soon exits the city and continues about past the city then curves northwest . The highway curves back north and crosses Crocker Creek . It continues north through the unincorporated community of Rural . About past Rural , K-177 crosses Kirk Creek . The highway then runs alongside South Fork Cottonwood River for about , as it crosses Nickel Creek . K-177 then crosses the railway and then curves northeast after about . Continues for along the railway then curves northward . The highway then crosses Rock Creek and passes to the west of the unincorporated community of Bazaar . Over the next the highway goes through a series of curves then straightens out as it continues north . K-177 crosses Buck Creek , then enters the city of Cottonwood Falls as Walnut Street at a junction with 8th Street and Findley Street . The highway continues north then crosses the Cottonwood River as it exits the city . It continues north for then enters Strong City as Cottonwood Street and continues north . It then crosses a BNSF Railway then turns west onto 4th Street . It exits the city then crosses Fox Creek and reaches an interchange with US-50 as it curves north . K-177 continues north through through Tallgrass Prairie National Preserve . It exits the preserve and continues north through a series of curves then turns northeast . It continues for about then enters into Morris County .
About into the county , the highway curves north . After about it curves northeastward and follows to the east of Spring Creek . K-177 curves more northward and crosses Fourmile Creek then intersects 4 Mile Road . It continues north for about then enters the city of Council Grove as Neosho Street . The highway then curves northwest as it crosses Elm Creek . K-177 then reaches a junction with US-56 , also known as Main Street . Here K-177 turns east anb begins to follow US-56 as the two cross the Neosho River . K-177 then turns north onto Union Street and US-56 continues east . It exits the city and begins to run along the east shore of Council Grove Lake . It then crosses Munkers Creek as it passes by the north end of the lake . The highway continues north for then intersects G Avenue . It continues north for and begins to parallel the Morris–Wabaunsee county line . After another it intersects and begins to overlap K-4 . The two highways continue north for then K-4 turns east toward K-99 . K-177 curves northwest and crosses a Union Pacific Railway . It then crosses West Branch Mill Creek then enters into Geary County . Roughly into county , K-177 curves north then intersects . It continues for about then intersects Schendman Road . After about it curves northwest , then curves back north after . The highway then crosses Deadman Creek as it continues north . After it reaches an interchange with I-70 and US-40 at exit 313 . Here K-177 becomes a 4-lane expressway as it continues north , then enters into Riley County . It continues north into the county and after about begins to curve to the northwest then intersects K-18 . Here K-177 turns west and begins to follow K-18 . The two highways cross the Republican River and enter the city of Manhattan . Just inside the city , the two highways split and K-177 heads north . K-177 soon ends at a junction with US-24 .
Flint Hills Scenic Byway is a portion of K-177 located in the Flint Hills region of the state , stretching from Interstate 35 at Cassoday north to US-56 at Council Grove . Along the byway there are rolling hills and some of the only tallgrass prairie left in North America . It is a National Scenic Byway . The section of K-177 from I-70 north to K-18 is part of the Native Stone Scenic Byway .
From I-70 to US-24 , K-177 is named the Coach Bill Snyder Highway , in honor of the long-time Kansas State University football coach .
K-177 is two lanes from US-54 to I-70 and a four-lane expressway from I-70 to US-24 .
The Kansas Department of Transportation ( KDOT ) tracks the traffic levels on its highways , and in 2018 , they determined that on average the traffic varied from 280 vehicles per day slightly southeast of Cassoday to just over 13200 vehicles per day between K-18 and US-24 . The second highest was the section between I-70/US-40 and K-18 which was between 7540 and 8720 vehicles per day . The section of K-177 from I-70 and US-40 to the northern terminus is part of the National Highway System . The National Highway System is a system of highways important to the nation 's defense , economy , and mobility . K-177 also connects to the National Highway System at its southern terminus ( US-54 ) , and its junctions with I-35 by Cassoday and US-50 by Strong City . All but of K-177 's alignment is maintained by KDOT . The entire section of K-177 within Council Grove is maintained by the city . The section of K-177 in Manhattan from K-18 north to the northern terminus is maintained by the city .
History
K-177 was signed as K-13 until 1965 . It previously ended at US-77 before El Dorado Lake was completed .
K-213 began at K-13 and began travelling northwest , paralleling the Union Pacific Railroad and Big Blue River . After just over , the highway curved to the north . It continued north then entered the city of Randolph , where it intersected US-77 and K-16 . On January 14 , 1957 , K-213 was established from K-13 , where it turned east and crossed the Big Blue River , north to Randolph . In an April 8 , 1964 resolution , K-13 's southern terminus was truncated to Manhattan . At this time the section of K-13 from El Dorado to K-213 , along with K-213 was redesignated as K-177 .
Approved in early 2019 , it was approved to reconstruct of K-177 , from north of Council Grove to I-70 . The project will increase the width of the roadway from to and will move certain sections to new alignments . The $ 25 million project is expected to be completed in 2020 .
In September 2019 , KDOT approved several projects along K-177 in Chase County . Three bridges will be replaced , including a $ 2.3 million bridge connecting K-177 to US-50 just west of Strong City , a $ 1.9 million bridge over Fox Creek , a $ 1.3 million bridge over a Fox Creek drainage area and a $ 436,000 bridge over Bloody Creek southeast of Cottonwood Falls .
On April 2 , 2020 , work began to replace the creek over Munkers Creek north of Council Grove . The $ 4.7 million project being completed by Bridges Incorporated from Newton is expected to be completed by March 2021 . Traffic was reduced to one lane of traffic during construction .
Junction list
References
External links
Kansas Highway Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
177
Transportation in Butler County , Kansas
Transportation in Chase County , Kansas
Transportation in Morris County , Kansas
Transportation in Geary County , Kansas
Transportation in Riley County , Kansas
Manhattan , Kansas metropolitan area
This is a survey of the postage stamps and postal history of the Niger Coast Protectorate .
The Niger Coast Protectorate was a British protectorate in the Oil Rivers area of present-day Nigeria , originally established as the Oil Rivers Protectorate in 1891 and confirmed at the Berlin Conference the following year , renamed on 12 May 1893 , and merged with the chartered territories of the Royal Niger Company on 1 January 1900 to form the Southern Nigeria Protectorate .
Oil Rivers Protectorate
The main post office was established at Old Calabar in November 1891 ; sub-offices existed at Benin , Bonny , Brass , Opobo , and Warri . Initially the postage stamps of Britain were used ; in July 1892 they were overprinted with `` BRITISH / PROTECTORATE / OIL / RIVERS '' . A pressing need for halfpenny values in mid-1893 resulted in a variety of surcharges on 2d and 2d stamps . While most simply read `` HALF / PENNY '' , with a horizontal bar to obliterate the old value , some were overprinted `` 1/2 d '' twice , with the intent that they be bisected diagonally to produce two 1/2d stamps .
Niger Coast Protectorate
A name change occurred just as new stamps were being prepared , and so the first issue of the Niger Coast Protectorate , featuring a 3/4 portrait of Queen Victoria , was inscribed `` OIL RIVERS '' but obliterated and re-engraved `` NIGER COAST '' in a way which makes it look like an overprint . Available in November 1893 in six denominations with various colors , they were superseded the following May by stamps in a new design and the correct inscription . This design continued for the remainder of the protectorate 's existence , with a change over to use the `` Crown & CA '' watermark from 1897 onwards ( the paper had previously been unwatermarked ) and an additional three denominations .
Stamps of the Niger Coast Protectorate were superseded by those of Southern Nigeria Protectorate from January 1900
See also
Postage stamps and postal history of Nigeria
Postage stamps and postal history of the Southern Nigeria Protectorate
Revenue stamps of the Niger Coast
References and sources
References
Thomas Pakenham , The Scramble for Africa ( Random House , 1991 ) , pp . 197–199
Sources
Rossiter , Stuart & John Flower . The Stamp Atlas . London : Macdonald , 1986 .
Stanley Gibbons catalogues .
References
Philately of Nigeria
Adrenocortical adenoma is commonly described as a benign neoplasm emerging from the cells that comprise the adrenal cortex . Like most adenomas , the adrenocortical adenoma is considered a benign tumor since the majority of them are non-functioning and asymptomatic . Adrenocortical adenomas are classified as ACTH-independent disorders , and are commonly associated with conditions linked to hyperadrenalism such as Cushing 's syndrome ( hypercortisolism ) or Conn 's syndrome ( hyperaldosteronism ) , which is also known as primary aldosteronism . In addition , recent case reports further support the affiliation of adrenocortical adenomas with hyperandrogenism or florid hyperandrogenism which can cause hyperandrogenic hirsutism in females . `` Cushing 's syndrome '' differs from the `` Cushing 's disease '' even though both conditions are induced by hypercortisolism . The term `` Cushing 's disease '' refers specifically to `` secondary hypercortisolism '' classified as `` ACTH-dependent Cushing 's syndrome '' caused by pituitary adenomas . In contrast , `` Cushing 's syndrome '' refers specifically to `` primary hypercortisolism '' classified as `` ACTH-independent Cushing 's syndrome '' caused by adrenal adenomas .
Presentation
Adrenal adenomas are often categorized as endocrine-inactive tumors considering that majority of them are non-functioning and asymptomatic . Functional adrenocortical adenomas demonstrate symptoms consistent with mixed endocrine syndromes . In most reported cases of adrenocortical adenoma , patients have presented with one or multiple endocrine syndromes such as hyperaldosteronism/Conn 's Syndrome , hypercortisolism/Cushing 's syndrome , hyperandrogenism/feminization , virilization , or hirsutism . Some of the common symptoms associated with adrenocortical adenomas include :
Musculoskeletal
Osteopenia
Muscle weakness/muscle atrophy
Cardiovascular
Hypertension
Endocrine and Metabolic
Obesity
→More prevalent in males
virilization
→More prevalent in females
Hyperandrogenism
Irregular menstrual cycles
Neuropsychological
Sleep disorders
Depression
Skin
Easy bruising
Stretch marks
Hirsutism
Acne
Cause
Study of the reported cases indicate that most adrenocortical adenomas occur due to neoplastic proliferation of adrenal cortical cells within the three distinct layers of adrenal cortex . In humans , the adrenal cortex comprises three concentric zones including the zona glomerulosa , zona fasciculata , and zona reticularis that under normal conditions respond to body 's physiological demands for steroid hormones . The adrenal cortex is considered a dynamic organ in which senescent cells are replaced by newly differentiated cells . This constant renewal facilitates organ remodeling which contributes to dynamic characteristics of the adrenal cortex .
correspondingly , the developmental physiology of the adrenal cortex is believed to play a pivotal role in formation of the adrenocortical tumors . Hence , the molecular mechanisms involved in normal development of the adrenal glands are like double edged swords that can lead to the formation of tumors within the adrenal cortex . Moreover , recent studies suggest that mutations affecting the molecular pathways of the adrenocortical region can stimulate abnormal proliferation and tumor formation . Through these studies , the cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase A signaling has been identified as a key mediator of cortisol secretion , and the mutations associated with the dysregulation of cyclic AMP - protein kinase A pathways have been implicated in the adrenocortical pathophysiology .
Pathophysiology
If functional , adrenocortical adenomas can affect the normal activities of the adrenal cortex . Located within the adrenal glands are the three zones that are responsible for secretion of the three major classes of adrenal steroids . Hence , functional adrenocortical adenomas can induce over-secretion of adrenal steroids associated with pure or mixed endocrine syndromes , a condition commonly known as hyperadrenalism .
Diagnosis
Due to their asymptomatic nature , most reported cases of adrenal adenomas have been discerned fortuitously through autopsy , or during medical imaging , particularly CT scan ( computed tomography ) and magnetic resonance imaging . Hence , they have earned the title incidentaloma referring to small adenoma discovered incidentally . Though adrenocortical adenomas are considered challenging to differentiate from the normal adrenal cortex , they appear as well-circumscribed lesions once isolated .
Imaging Diagnostics
Computed Tomography ( CT scan )
Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI )
Laboratory Tests
CRH Stimulation Test
High-dose-dexamethasone suppression test
Gross Description
Well-circumscribed lesion
Size ≤ 5 cm
Weight ≤ 50 grams
often appear as golden-yellow color mass
( may have focal dark regions corresponding to hemorrhage , lipid-depletion , and increased lipofuscin )
Histopathology
The microscopic histopathology analysis of the tissue samples obtained from the adrenal cortex of individuals presenting with adenoma-associated symptoms such as primary aldestronism ( PA ) indicates that adenoma cells are relatively larger with different cytoplasm , and increased variation in nuclear size . This indication is based on comparison between the healthy ( normal ) and affected ( adenoma-associated ) adrenal cortex tissue samples .
Adrenocortical adenomas are most commonly distinguished from adrenocortical carcinomas ( their malignant counterparts ) by the Weiss system , as follows :
Total score indicates :
0-2 : Adrenocortical adenoma
3 : Undetermined
4-9 : Adrenocortical carcinoma
Treatment
Non-functioning cases of adrenocortical adenoma can be managed through long-term followups and monitoring .
The treatment approach for the functioning cases of adrenocortical adenoma depends on the type of disorders they induce and their advancement . Surgical excision may be required if its presence is resulting in atrophy of the adrenal glands and the surrounding tissues .
In order to acquire better treatment strategies , it is important to further examine , study and discern the distinct molecular mechanisms involved in the formation of endogenous Adrenal Adenomas , hyperplasias , and ACTH-independent Cushing 's Syndrome to improve the available diagnostic and prognostic markers that can assist clinicians in the management and advance-treatment of such conditions .
Prognosis
The long-term outlook for individuals diagnosed with non-functional adrenocortical adenoma is usually excellent .
The long-term outlook for individuals diagnosed with functional adrenocortical adenoma is good with early diagnosis and treatment .
Epidemiology
Prevalence : Female > Male
More common in adults
Relatively earlier onset in females ( ages ≤ 20 ) than males ( ages ≤ 30 )
Most common cause of ACTH-independent Cushing 's syndrome
See also
Hyperplasia
Adrenal tumor
Cushing 's syndrome
Conn 's syndrome
Hypercortisolism
Hyperaldosteronism
Hyperandrogenism
Adrenal gland
Adrenal paraganglioma
Adrenal Pheochromocytoma
Adrenal ganglioneuroma
References
External links
Endocrine neoplasia
Adrenal gland disorders
Margus Lepa ( born 7 October 1953 ) is an Estonian radio journalist and former actor .
Early life and education
They were born in Pelgulinn , a subdistrict of Tallinn , Estonia to baritone Harry Vilpat and actor Astrid Lepa .
Career
Film acting
Between 1970 and 2020 , Lepa portrayed the character of Georg Aadniel Kiir in the films Kevade ( Spring ) ( 1970 ) , Suvi ( Summer ) ( 1976 ) Sügis ( Autumn ) ( 1991 ) , and Talve ( Winter ) ( 2020 ) , all directed by Arvo Kruusement , apart from Talve , and based on a series of novels by Oskar Luts .
Filmography
Radio acting
For many years , they performed , together with Raimo Aas , in Meelejahutaja. , a Sunday morning radio programme .
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Estonian male film actors
Estonian male radio actors
20th-century Estonian male actors
Male actors from Tallinn
People from Tallinn
Estonian journalists
Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre alumni
Katharina `` Käthe '' Dorsch ( , 29 December 1890 – 25 December 1957 ) was a German stage and film actor .
Biography
Katharina Dorsch was born on 29 December 1890 at 5:30 P.M. in the Bavarian town of Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz , the daughter of Christoph Dorsch ( died 1901 ) , a bakery helper , and Magdalena Dorsch ( née Lindl ) . Them family moved to Nuremberg when they were three years old . Dorsch attended a trade school , took piano lessons , and had their first engagement aged 15 as a choir singer at the Staatstheater , performing Wagner 's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg . Later , they also performed in Hanau and Mannheim , mainly participating in operettas .
Dorsch 's first major role was as Ännchen in the Max Halbe drama Youth , being the substitute for a sick colleague . Despite Dorsch 's negative attitude towards the operetta , for financial reasons they decided to commit themselves as a soubrette soprano in Mainz in 1908 , going to Berlin in 1911 to perform at the Theater am Schiffbauerdamm . Dorsch also worked at the Residenz Theatre , Deutsches Theater , and Konzerthaus Berlin . In 1927 they traveled to Vienna , where they performed at the Volkstheater . They appeared in Carl Zuckmayer 's 1927 play Schinderhannes . Them the greatest success was in the title role of Franz Lehár 's operetta Friederike , which premiered on 4 October 1928 at the Neues Schauspielhaus .
In 1936 , Dorsch appeared at the Staatstheater in Berlin , and was a member of the Burgtheater from 1939 until their death . They returned to the Berlin stage in 1946 .
In addition to their lengthy stage career , Dorsch also appeared on the screen . They made their film debut in the 1916 short Allzuviel ist ungesund . They appeared in numerous films before taking a hiatus in 1924 . They returned to the film industry in 1930 , starring in Die Lindenwirtin , followed by Three Days of Love ( 1931 ) . Them final screen appearance was in Regine ( 1956 ) .
Dorsch and their childhood friend Hermann Göring took advantage of interventions for racially threatened or politically persecuted colleagues , such as the Kabarett artist Werner Finck , who was released from the Esterwegen concentration camp on 1 July 1935 .
In 1946 , Dorsch slapped the then 24 year old critic Wolfgang Harich for writing a bad review about one of their plays . In 1951 , they slapped Alexander Trojan for making fun of people who were born under the Zodiac sign Capricorn . In 1956 , they caused a media sensation when they also slapped the Austrian theater critic Hans Weigel in front of a Vienna café .
In 1920 , Dorsch married fellow actor Harry Liedtke . The two divorced in 1928 . The tie to Liedtke went beyond divorce ; Dorsch never overcame Liedtke 's 1945 murder by the Soviet Red Army .
Dorsch died on 25 December 1957 of liver disease . They are buried at the cemetery of Bad Saarow-Pieskow alongside ex-husband Harry Liedtke and their wife Christa Tordy . A memorial stands at Waldfriedhof Dahlem in Berlin .
In 1962 , the Käthe-Dorsch-Gasse was named after them in Vienna . In 1966 in Gropiusstadt , a high rise building was named Käthe-Dorsch-Ring .
Selected filmography
The Queen 's Secretary ( 1916 )
Vendetta ( 1919 )
The Blue Mauritius ( 1919 )
The Prisoner ( 1920 )
The Sins of the Mother ( 1921 )
Miss Julie ( 1922 )
Three Days of Love ( 1931 )
Savoy Hotel 217 ( 1936 )
A Woman of No Importance ( 1936 )
Yvette ( 1938 )
Mistake of the Heart ( 1939 )
A Mother 's Love ( 1939 )
The Comedians ( 1941 )
The Prisoner ( 1949 )
Regine ( 1956 )
References
External links
Photos of Käthe Dorsch
1890 births
1957 deaths
People from Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz
People from the Kingdom of Bavaria
German stage actores
German film actores
German silent film actores
20th-century German actores
Ratos AB ( portmanteau for Ragnar and Torsten Söderberg ) is a Swedish private equity company founded in 1934 and still controlled by the Söderberg family . Ratos are listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange .
History
The Söderberg brothers established Ratos in the 1933 as a holding company for the family 's growing enterprises . At the time the family was owners of Söderberg & Haak . Ratos developed with extensive ownership in companies such as Stora Kopparberg , Gränges and Esselte in addition to a wholly owned steel division . It was listed on the stock exchange in 1954 .
In 1979 the steel division , that at the time was called Tibnor , was sold to the state owned SSAB as part of the re-organization of the crisis hit steel industry . After that the company expanded into new areas , including a larger number of transport companies , the hotel chain Scandic Hotels and the plumbing chain Dahl International . During this period Sven Söderberg ( 1928-2004 ) was President and CEO .
The financial crisis hit Ratos with reduced profits in 1992 and Urban Jansson was appointed new CEO and the subsidiaries were either floated on the stock exchange or sold . After Arne Karlsson took over as CEO , Ratos was transformed to a private equity company .
Magnus Agervald was appointed as CEO of Ratos in July 2016 , replacing acting CEO Lars Johansson .
In 2019 , Ratos sold the Adelswärdska house , the building on Drottninggatan in Stockholm where the head office is located . Buyers were the State Property Agency . The reason for the sale was the increasingly increased safety requirements in the environment , as the building lies between the Sagerska palace ( the Prime Minister 's Housing ) and Rosenbad ( Government Offices ) and the area was increasingly blocked off . The property was purchased by Söderberg & Haak in 1938 and later became rated . Ratos may dispose of the building until 2021 .
Holdings
Industry
AH Industries - metal components and services to the wind power , offshore and marine industries . ( stake 66 % )
Camfil - clean air technology and air filters . ( stake 30 % )
Contex Group - developer and manufacturer . ( stake 98 % )
DIAB - manufactures and develops core materials for composite structures . ( stake 94 % )
EuroMaint - maintenance companies and offers maintenance services to the rail transport sector and industry . ( stake 100 % )
GS-Hydro - supplier of non-welded piping systems . ( stake 100 % )
HL Display - supplier of products and systems for merchandising and in-store communication . ( stake 29 % )
Inwido - manufactures and sells windows and doors to consumers , construction companies and modular home manufacturers . ( stake 96 % )
Jøtul - manufacturer of stoves and fireplaces . ( stake 63 % )
Lindab - development , production , marketing and distribution of systems and products in sheet metal and steel for the construction industry . ( stake 22 % )
MCC - offers complete climate comfort systems . ( stake 100 % )
Medisize - manufacturer specialised in medical devices for delivery and administration of drugs and pharmaceutical packaging . ( stake 93 % )
Superfos - develops , produces and sells injection moulded packaging for the food , paint and chemical industries . ( stake 33 % )
Service
Anticimex - services for healthy and safe indoor environments . ( stake 85 % )
Bisnode - provider of digital business information . ( stake 70 % )
Consumer goods
Arcus Gruppen - wine and spirits producer . ( stake 83 % )
Hafa Bathroom Group - bathroom furnishing . ( stake 100 % )
Other holdings
BTJ Group - supplier of media products and information services to libraries , universities , companies and organisations . ( stake 66 % )
IK Investment Partners - Ratos has invested in four funds : 1989 ( closed ) , 1994 ( closed ) , 1997 and 2000 .
Overseas Telecom - telecom operations in developing countries . ( stake 9 % , voting rights 19 % )
References
External links
Corporate web site
Companies based in Stockholm
Private equity firms of Sweden
Holding companies of Sweden
1933 establishments in Sweden
Financial services companies established in 1933
Companies listed on Nasdaq Stockholm
Belly band , belly-band , or bellyband may refer to :
Bellyband , a fairly loose strap passing outside the girth in a horse harness
Bellyband , a compression garment used as maternity clothing
Bellyband , a form of holster
Bellyband , another name for an obi , a type of dust jacket that covers only a portion of a book
Corset , in early modern slang
Haramaki , a Japanese wrap used to preserve stomach qi
Dudou , an unrelated Chinese garment used for a similar purpose
See also
Belly , an American rock band
Erana Clark is an Australian singer and vocal coach originally from Auckland , New Zealand .
Background
Them work as a vocal coach started with Popstars . Then they spent seven years with Australian Idol . They also coached for X-Factor , then later worked on Australia 's Got Talent . They are now recognized for their vocal coaching . They also had some charting singles on Lew Pryme and Russell Clark 's Impact label .
Career
1970s to 1980s
In 1973 , at the age of 12 with their song `` Circle Game '' they were a finalist for RATA Awards . It was released on Impact , backed with `` Teardrop On Teardrop '' . The following year they recorded two more singles for the label : `` I Have A Dream '' backed with `` My Friend The Sea '' and `` Angel Eyes '' bw `` The Rivers Too Wide '' . By the age of 21 they were a veteran performer . Having been a teenager and being exposed to an adult lifestyle , it took its toll on them
1990s
One of the artists they worked with during the 1990s was jazz pianist Judy Bailey . They sang on their 1993 album Sundial . They provided backing vocals for Marcia Hines 's album Right Here and Now , released in 1994 . They sang the track `` Falling In Love '' which was on the 1994 album Ai n't It Funky by Craig Calhoun & The Brothers Of Oz . Along with Chrissy May and Rod McCormack , they provided backing vocals on a Gina Jeffreys track , `` Away In A Manger '' which was on The Spirit Of Christmas '96 albums . Another artist they provided backing vocals for was Christian Fry on `` When I 'm With You '' , which appears on their EP album , released in 1999 .
Later years
In 2010 , along with The Blaine Whittaker band they appeared at the Kiama Jazz and Blues Festival .
They co-wrote Jack Vidgen 's single `` Yes I Am '' which spent two weeks on the Australian charts , peaking at # 5 .
Coaching
They are recognized for their coaching abilities . According to an article in Christian Woman , they are a vocal coach . An article in The Daily Telegraph , written in 2015 said that they had cornered the market , coaching for shows such as Australian Idol , X-Factor , and Australia 's Got Talent .
Clark 's coaching has even led them to work with the Australian police in a PCYC scheme , held in LIverpool , Sydney around 2013 .
One of the singers they have coached was a young Australian jazz zinger Ella-Jane Sharpe who in 2016 received a $ 26,000 scholarship for Boston 's Berklee College of Music .
Discography
References
External links
Imdb : Erana Clark
20th-century Australian women singers
20th-century New Zealand women singers
Australian vocal coaches
Vocal coaches
Living people
People from Auckland
1961 births
Elías Fernández Albano ( 1845 - September 6 , 1910 ) was a Chilean politician , who was acting president of Chile from August 16 , 1910 until their death .
They were born in Santiago de Chile , the son of Juan de Dios Fernández Gana and María del Pilar Albano Vergara . They were great-grandson of Juan Albano Pereira Márquez.He studied at the Instituto Nacional and later graduated as a lawyer from the Universidad de Chile . They were accepted to the bar on May 18 , 1869 . On August 16 , 1871 , they married Mercedes Barañao Ochagavía .
They were elected Deputy for Lontué in 1885 and reelected in 1891 . In 1894 they were elected for the Talca , Curepto and Lontué district . Fernández was twice Minister of Industry and Public Works under President Jorge Montt ( 1894-1896 ) ; Minister of War and Navy ( 1896–97 ) , Finance ( 1897 ) and Interior ( 1899-1900 ) under Federico Errázuriz Echaurren , and again minister of Interior under Germán Riesco Errázuriz ( 1902-1903 ) .
In 1910 , President Pedro Montt Montt , seriously ill , took a leave of absence and moved to Germany for treatment , which proved unsuccessful , and Fernández , as Minister of the Interior , served during Montt 's absence and became acting president upon Montt 's death on August 16 , 1910 . Fernández , however , caught a cold during Montt 's funeral , which soon turned into pulmonary , causing them to die of heart failure in Santiago de Chile on September 6 , 1910 , after only three weeks in office .
References
External links
Genealogical chart
External links
1845 births
1910 deaths
Cruz Family
People from Santiago
Chilean people of Spanish descent
National Party ( Chile , 1857 ) politicians
Presidents of Chile
Heads of state of Chile
Chilean Ministers of the Interior
Chilean Ministers of Defense
Chilean Ministers of Public Works
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile
Instituto Nacional General José Miguel Carrera alumni
University of Chile alumni
Susan , Lady Renouf ( née Rossiter ; 15 July 1942 – 15 July 2016 ) was an Australian socialite . Them title was acquired through their third marriage to New Zealand business person Sir Frank Renouf .
Early life
Renouf was born Susan Rossiter in Melbourne , Victoria , on 15 July 1942 . Them father , Sir John Frederick Rossiter ( 17 December 1913 – 18 January 1988 ) , had an extensive career in politics , firstly as a Liberal member of Victoria 's Legislative Assembly and later as the state 's agent-general in London . On 1 March 1939 they married Joan Stewart , with whom they had their only child , Susan .
Renouf grew up in the Melbourne suburb of Brighton , where they attended Firbank Private Girls ' Grammar school . They continued their education at Star of the Sea College in Brighton , RMIT International Marketing Institute in Boston , USA , University of Melbourne and Monash University , Melbourne . Embarking on a career in law , Renouf later changed career and became a reporter for the women 's pages of the Melbourne Sun .
Marriage and family life
At the age of 20 , Renouf met and married Andrew Peacock , who at the time was the president of the Young Liberals . Peacock went on to become president of the Victorian Party , hold a Liberal seat in Federal parliament , and become Minister for the Army in the Government of Australia . They had three children together ; Caroline , Anne and Jane , and became known as a strong and successful duo within the political arena .
In 1976 , Renouf met Robert Sangster , labelling them as “ the love of [ her ] life ” ; however , they remained with Peacock and their children until the federal election was over in order to protect their political reputation . After 13 years of marriage , Renouf divorced Peacock in 1977 and in 1978 married Sangster , later moving to their home on the Isle of Man . Sangster was a well-known British business person and successful thoroughbred racehorse trainer , owner , and breeder . The height of their career saw thirteen wins in the period 1977 to 1984 , in which they had horses racing across the globe . At one stage , Sangster 's portfolio spanned 1,000 horses in training and at stud within the United Kingdom , United States , South America and Australia , whilst also titling them as Britain 's leading racehorse owner five consecutive times . Within this period , Renouf and Sangster were skyrocketed into British high society , quickly becoming well known amongst international royalty and A-listers . Renouf 's children visited from time to time at Sangster 's Isle of Man property , but international races saw continual travel for the pair as Sangster bought , sold and trained their horses throughout the world .
In 1985 following the news of Sangster 's affairs , their marriage ended and later that year , Renouf met and married Frank Renouf , a New Zealand financier . The 1987 stock market crash saw a drop in fortunes for both parties , leading to a media scandal over the fight for possession of the Point Piper mansion gifted to Renouf during their marriage to Sangster .
Life in the public eye
Peacock and Renouf 's marriage was largely centred around press attention , particularly with Peacock 's newfound position within the Victorian party . In no time at all , Renouf 's name was widely known not just for their affiliation with their husband , but for their fashion and style , featuring on numerous magazine spreads in high-end clothing . At times Renouf expressed their interest in parliament and politics , even at one stage having considered running for Victoria 's Upper House however , they later revealed they had yielded to their husband 's wishes that their career took precedence .
In 1970 , they became the focus of a minor political scandal in Australia when they appeared in print advertisements for Sheridan brand bedsheets while their then husband , Andrew Peacock , was Minister for the Army in the Second Gorton Ministry . The advertisement read `` Susan Peacock , wife of Australia 's youngest Minister of State , adores Sheridan Sheets '' . This was in breach of a rule which forbids the linking of parliament to any commercial advertising . Despite intending to donate their profits to charity , Renouf was deeply criticised , causing their husband to offer their resignation as a result . Members of parliament , Prime Minister John Gorton and Opposition Leader Gough Whitlam , denied Peacock 's resignation and Renouf later revealed in a 2015 interview with ABC 's Australian Story that `` It was horrible for me , because I felt I 'd ruined their career '' . Renouf was later invited by Frank Packer to work part-time on an all-female Channel Nine TV current affairs show known as 'No Man 's Land ' , and at their husband 's approval . However , it was not long before the birth of their three children and Peacock 's career saw their lives moving in different directions .
Renouf 's second marriage to Sangster was wild and filled with rich luxuries as the newlyweds travelled the world , partying with wealthy business people and women , and other socialites . In 1980 , Sangster 's horse Beldale Ball won the Melbourne Cup race [ 12 ] . Renouf later commented that winning the Cup with Sangster was a momentous day and occasion , one that would be hard to outmatch . However , their romance was short lived as Sangster had numerous affairs with younger women . Most well known was their affair with model and girlfriend of rock star Mick Jagger , Jerry Hall . Renouf was the last to be made aware of the situation and said that it was “ devastatingly hurtful ” . The couple did try to repair their marriage , but in May 1984 Sangster had another affair with former model Sue Lilley , the then wife of a British shoe millionaire .
Renouf 's name within Melbourne 's social scene saw them as a leading lady for 50 years of fashion and trend-setting . Despite their love of clothing and design , Renouf revealed their regrets surrounding their obedience to first husband Andrew Peacock in backing down on pursuing a political career . Those within their inner circle have also stated that Renouf would have been a great politician had they actively worked within the field . Jeanne Pratt , billionaire philanthropist and friend to Renouf , often expressed that Renouf 's intelligence was overlooked and overshadowed by their life as a socialite .
Following the breakdown of their second marriage , Renouf rushed into a marriage with Sir Frank Renouf despite the 25-year age gap between them . In 1985 , Sir Frank paid what was at the time the highest-ever price for a Sydney home , when they bought the mansion `` Paradis sur Mer '' in Wolseley Crescent at Point Piper , where the vendor was their second husband , Robert Sangster . The house was eventually razed . At the time Renouf delved into the financial world taking on the role as director of Renouf Corporation . Renouf 's position within the company did not end well in 1998 . Following the Global Financial Crisis , there was a public grapple for the possession of the harbourside mansion due to the sudden and drastic loss of Sir Frank 's fortunes . However , the property was later demolished and rebuilt as two houses in 1990 . Their divorce was as public as their marriage had been and the two did not separate on good terms .
After the breakdown of their third and final marriage , Renouf was involved in numerous short-lived scandals including the burglary of some of their houses and cars . The most well-known case was their housekeeper of 14 years who stole over $ 50,000 worth of jewellery , which Renouf recognised being worn by the wife of a Sydney meat wholesaler at a social luncheon .
Renouf 's other passions flourished in the following years , with their love of design and architecture apparent in the six homes they bought , redecorated , and on-sold in the years following 1988 . Four of their properties made considerable profits , and Renouf 's friend and former Vogue Australia editor , Sheila Scotter , had described their unique style as “ horny and blokey ” . Renouf 's career in fashion took off with clothing brands Just Jeans and Myer , and beauty producer L'Oréal . Them short-lived role in Renouf Corporations saw their knowledge in finance extended to Jesuit Social Services – Marketing , Chairman St. Joan of Arc , and Treasurer of the Inaugural Board of Star of the Sea College .
Illness and death
Renouf was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2013 , with only an estimated five months left to live . Following an aggressive treatment plan , Renouf had surgery and several rounds of chemotherapy . Approaching the end of their life , Renouf received palliative care following their diagnosis of acute kidney failure .
During their 2015 interview with Australian Story , when asked about how Renouf had coped dealing with cancer they replied that the ongoing support of their `` inner spirit and family and friends ... Or you put on Human Nature and do a bit of a jive around the room '' was what had kept them going .
Renouf died on 15 July 2016 , their 74th birthday . They were survived by their three daughters , Caroline , Anne , and Jane .
Legacy
Following their diagnosis of ovarian cancer in 2013 , Renouf dedicated their remaining years to raising awareness of ovarian cancer and the importance for women to have regular cervical health checks in order to catch signs of cancer at an early stage .
They will also be remembered by their many charitable acts , notably their donation of $ 37,400 to Melbourne 's St Vincent Institute towards the purchase of a protein identification machine . Following the $ 1.475 million sale in 2007 of their Sidney Nolan Kelly Outlaw painting , Renouf donated to many other charitable sources as well .
References
External links
`` Susan Peacock v. Bobby Riggs '' , cover of Australian Women 's Weekly 1 January 1975 .
1942 births
2016 deaths
Australian socialites
Spouses of Australian politicians
Deaths from ovarian cancer
Deaths from cancer in Australia
Lanceolidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda .
Genera :
Lanceola Say , 1818
Scypholanceola Woltereck , 1905
References
Amphipoda
The 2011 San Jose Earthquakes season was the club 's 14th year of existence , as well as its 14th season in Major League Soccer and its fourth consecutive season in the top-flight of American soccer . This is the 29th season of a club bearing the `` Earthquakes '' name .
Squad
As of September 15 , 2011 .
Reserves
This list shows players who have played for the team in official 2011 MLS Reserve Division games , but are not part of the senior roster .
Management
Other information
Transfers
In
Out
Loans in
Loans out
Released
Friendlies
Competitions
Major League Soccer
Regular season
League table
Conference
Overall
Results summary
Results by matchday
Results
U.S. Open Cup
Qualification
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players away from San Jose Earthquakes on loan :
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players who left San Jose Earthquakes during the season :
| }
Goal scorers
Disciplinary record
Miscellany
Allocation ranking
San Jose is in the # 9 position in the MLS Allocation Ranking . The allocation ranking is the mechanism used to determine which MLS club has first priority to acquire a U.S. National Team player who signs with MLS after playing abroad , or a former MLS player who returns to the league after having gone to a club abroad for a transfer fee . A ranking can be traded , provided that part of the compensation received in return is another club 's ranking .
International roster spots
San Jose has six international roster spots . Each club in Major League Soccer is allocated 8 international roster spots , which can be traded . On 14 July 2011 , San Jose traded a slot to Toronto FC for use through the 2012 season , at which time the slot reverts to San Jose .
Previously , the club dealt one spot to Toronto FC on 14 July 2008 which was to remain with Toronto through the 2013 season then revert to San Jose . The club also dealt one spot to New York on 2 March 2009 but press reports did not indicate if or when this roster spots would revert to San Jose . One of these two traded slots did revert to San Jose prior to the 2011 season .
The club also acquired one spot from Houston on 14 August 2009 but that spot reverted to the Dynamo after the 2010 season .
There is no limit on the number of international slots on each club 's roster . The remaining roster slots must belong to domestic players . For clubs based in the United States , a domestic player is either a U.S. citizen , a permanent resident ( green card holder ) or the holder of other special status ( e.g. , refugee or asylum status ) .
Future draft pick trades
Future picks acquired : 2012 SuperDraft Round 2 pick acquired from Colorado Rapids .
Future picks traded : None .
MLS rights to other players
San Jose maintains the MLS rights to Clarence Goodson after they declined a contract offer by the league and signed overseas with no transfer fee received . San Jose acquired Goodson 's rights by drafting them in the 2007 MLS Expansion Draft .
References
San Jose Earthquakes seasons
San Jose Earthquakes
San Jose Earthquakes
San Jose Earthquakes
Kofoworola Oladoyinbo Ojomo is the paramount Yoruba king of Ijebu , Owo in Ondo State , southwestern Nigeria . They are a descendant of Ojugbelu Arere , the pioneer Olowo of Owo .
They ascended the throne on June 13 , 2004 , following the demise of Agboola Ojomo Agunloye in May 2003 . They ascended the throne after retiring from the Nigerian Army with the rank of General .
Early life and education
Kofoworola Oladoyinbo Ojomo was born in Ijebu , Owo , Ondo State during the 1940s . They studied mechanical engineering at Ahmadu Bello University , and graduated in 1968 . They then joined the Nigerian Army as a military officer .
Installation controversy
There was a controversy over their installation on June 13 , 2004 . Following their nomination by the king-makers as a qualified and preferred candidate for the throne , Amaka who was also a candidate sought a High Court order to annul their candidacy . This was refused , and Kofoworola was affirmed as the Ojomo Oluda . Amaka was not satisfied with this judgment and appealed against it . installed by oba DVF olateru-olagbegi
References
Yoruba monarchs
Nigerian traditional rulers
People from Owo
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Charthawal Assembly constituency is one of the 403 constituencies of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly , India . It is a part of the Muzaffarnagar district and one of the five assembly constituencies in the Muzaffarnagar Lok Sabha constituency . First election in this assembly constituency was held in 1967 after the `` Delimitation Orders ( 1967 ) '' was passed . From 1967 to 2008 , this constituency was reserved for candidates from scheduled caste community . In 2008 , after the `` Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly Constituencies Order , 2008 '' was passed , this constituency was opened for all candidates .
Wards / areas
Extent of Charthawal Assembly constituency is Baghra , Charthawal , Kutesra , Dhindhawali , PCs Nara , Jarauda , Bahadarpur , Lachheda , Sujru , Bihari , Harsauli , Tawli , Simli , Vahalana , Nirmana , Barwala of Kukra KC & Charthawal NP of Muzaffarnagar Tehsil .
Members of the Legislative Assembly
Election results
2022
2017
2012
See also
Government of Uttar Pradesh
Muzaffarnagar Lok Sabha constituency
List of Vidhan Sabha constituencies of Uttar Pradesh
Muzaffarnagar district
Sixteenth Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh
Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly
Uttar Pradesh
References
External links
Assembly constituencies of Uttar Pradesh
Politics of Muzaffarnagar district
Constituencies established in 1967
1967 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Christopher Walker ( born 1964 ) is an English actor , known for their roles as Matthew Mullen in the BBC drama Playing the Field and Rob Hollins in the BBC soap opera Doctors . For the portrayal of Rob , Walker has been nominated for various awards , and in 2010 , they won the award for Best On-Screen Partnership at the British Soap Awards , alongside Jan Pearson who plays their on-screen wife , Karen Hollins .
Career
Walker 's television debut was in the ITV crime drama The Bill , in the role of Nick Shaw , a role they played from 1985 to 1987 . They later returned to the series in 2007 , in a different role . In 1997 , they appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street from March to May playing Ray Thorpe , a decorator . A year later , Walker began appearing in the BBC drama series Playing the Field as main character Matthew Mullen . Then in 2001 , they joined the cast of the BBC procedural drama Merseybeat as PC Larry 'Tiger ' Barton , a role they portrayed until 2004 . In December 2005 , they returned to Coronation Street , playing reformed killer Ed Jackson until March 2006 . In 2009 , Walker began portraying the role of Rob Hollins in the BBC soap opera Doctors . In 2010 , they won the award for Best On-Screen Partnership at the British Soap Awards , alongside Jan Pearson , who portrays their on-screen wife , Karen Hollins . Also in 2010 , they participated as a contestant in Celebrity Masterchef , where they placed in the final five .
Personal life
Walker has a wife , Sharron , a son Gabriel , and a daughter , Anastasia , who is a member of the rock band Bang Bang Romeo . Since competing in Celebrity MasterChef , Walker became an amateur chef , and participated as a chef during the Doncaster Wool Market Show , as part of the 2019 Doncaster Food Festival . In addition , they have put on gourmet nights , including nine-course meals at locations such as Regent Hotel .
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1964 births
Actors from Wakefield
English male film actors
English male soap opera actors
Living people
People from South Elmsall
Messalina , Messalina ! , also known as Caligula II : Messalina , Messalina and Caligula : sins of Rome , is a 1977 Italian sex comedy and sword-and-sandal spoof .
Background
The film is not in fact a sequel nor a prequel to Tinto Brass ' 1979 film Caligula . During the time that Caligula spent in post-production , the film 's co-producer Franco Rossellini wanted to get usage from the $ 20,000,000 of sets and costumes used in Caligula , fearing that the film would never be released .
The sets and costumes , as noted in the film 's opening credits , were those from Caligula , designed by Danilo Donati and used without their consent . Anneka Di Lorenzo , who plays the title role of Messalina , had played the same role in Caligula . Lori Wagner , who played Agrippina in Tinto Brass ' film , also reprises their role .
Synopsis
The film begins with Messalina ( Anneka Di Lorenzo ) , the wife of Claudius ( Vittorio Caprioli ) , who is now Emperor succeeding Caligula .
Most of the film revolves around Messalina 's adulterous behavior , while Claudius remains blissfully unaware . Empress Messalina is having sex with every man in Rome except their husband Claudius , a traveler who has come to Rome looking for a good time , and a Roman con-man . It all ends in a comedic and gory bloodbath when Claudius comes home early and finds an orgy taking place in the palace . Claudius and their soldiers kill Messalina and all of the orgy participants .
Cast
Anneka Di Lorenzo ... Messalina
Vittorio Caprioli ... Claudius
Giancarlo Prete ... Gaius Silius
Lino Toffolo ... Giulio Nelio , the Man from Venice
Tomas Milian ... Baba
Lori Wagner ... Agrippina ( as Lory Kay Wagner )
Raf Luca ...
Bombolo ... Zenturio Bisone
Pino Ferrara ...
Salvatore Borghese ... Mevius ( as Sal Borgese )
Alessandra Cardini ... Calpurnia
Luca Sportelli ...
Ombretta De Carlo ...
Marco Tulli ... Senofonte ( as Primo Marco Tulli )
Release
The film was released in Italy on August 25 , 1977 .
Notes
External links
1970s sex comedy films
1970s adventure comedy films
1977 films
Italian adventure comedy films
Films set in ancient Rome
Films set in the Roman Empire
Films set in the 1st century
Films shot in Italy
Commedia sexy all'italiana
1970s Italian-language films
Films directed by Bruno Corbucci
Films scored by Guido & Maurizio De Angelis
Italian parody films
1970s parody films
Cultural depictions of Messalina
Cultural depictions of Claudius
Cultural depictions of Agrippina the Younger
1977 comedy films
Films with screenplays by Mario Amendola
1970s Italian films
Glavičice ( ) is a village located south of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina . It is located close to the border with Serbia . According to the 1991 census , the village had 1,366 inhabitants , the majority Serbs .
The Serbian Orthodox Church has a local parish centered in the village , the Glavičice parish ( Парохија главичичка ) .
Serbian footballer Savo Milošević hails from the village .
References
External links
Bijeljina official website ( Serbian )
Bijeljina
Populated places in Bijeljina
Newall Glacier is a glacier in the east part of the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , flowing east between Mount Newall and Mount Weyant into the Wilson Piedmont Glacier . In its uppermost névé area sits Kaminuma Crag , a craggy , island-like nunatak , long , rising to high .
The glacier was mapped by the New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition , 1956–58 , who named it after nearby Mount Newall . The crag was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1997 for Japanese geophysicist Katsutada Kaminuma , Professor of Earth Sciences at the National Institute of Polar Research , Tokyo .
References
Glaciers of the Asgard Range
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Pulie Badze , is a mountain peak in Kohima District of Nagaland , standing at an elevation of overlooking the capital city of Nagaland , Kohima , it is the centerpiece of Pulie Badze Wildlife Sanctuary .
References
Geography of Nagaland
Kohima
Peter James Wilshaw ( born 15 July 1987 ) is an English cricketer . Wilshaw is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium-pace . They were born at Newcastle-under-Lyme , Staffordshire .
Wilshaw represented the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Cumberland in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002 . They were aged just 15 years .
In 2004 , they joined Staffordshire , making their Minor Counties Championship debut for the county against Suffolk . From 2004 to present , they have represented the county in 35 Championship matches . The following season they made their MCCA Knockout Trophy debut against Hertfordshire . From 2005 to present , they have represented the county in 21 Trophy matches . In that same season , they played their List A match for Staffordshire against Surrey in the 2005 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy . In their 2 career List A match , they scored 20 runs at a batting average of 10.00 , with a high score of 20 .
Wilshaw made their debut in first-class cricket for Oxford University against Derbyshire in 2006 . From 2006 to 2008 , they represented the University in 7 first-class matches , the last of which came against Glamorgan . In their 7 first-class matches , they scored 361 runs at a batting average of 30.08 , with 3 half centuries and a high score of 63 . In the field they took 5 catches . With the ball they took 2 wickets at a bowling average of 34.00 , with best figures of 1/
References
External links
Peter Wilshaw at Cricinfo
Peter Wilshaw at CricketArchive
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Newcastle-under-Lyme
Sportspeople from Staffordshire
English cricketers
Nottinghamshire Cricket Board cricketers
Staffordshire cricketers
Oxford MCCU cricketers
`` Break It to Me Gently '' is a song by American singer Aretha Franklin , released in 1977 as the first single from their album , Sweet Passion . The track was written and produced by Carole Bayer Sager and Marvin Hamlisch which was an R & B hit for Franklin , it reached number one on Billboard 's Hot Soul Singles chart in June 1977 .
The song 's success was only faintly reflected on the Billboard Hot 100 with a Number 85 peak , before dropping out of the Hot 100 after two weeks . `` Break It to Me Gently '' would be Franklin 's final Atlantic single to appear on the Hot 100 - from which they would be absent until 1980 .
Track listing
US , UK 7 '' Vinyl single
A1 . `` Break It to Me Gently '' – 3:19
B1 . `` Meadows of Springtime '' – 5:34
Personnel and credits
Performers
Aretha Franklin – vocals
Joe Clayton – congas
Harold Mason – drums
David Paich – keyboards
Ray Parker Jr. – guitar
Chuck Rainey – bass guitar
Lee Ritenour – guitar
Sylvester Rivers – keyboards
Production
Producers – Marvin Hamlisch and Carole Bayer-Sager .
Co-Producers – David Paich and Marty Paich .
Engineers – Frank Kemjar .
Mixed at Studio 55 ( Los Angeles , CA ) .
Charts
References
1977 singles
Aretha Franklin songs
Songs written by Carole Bayer Sager
Songs written by Marvin Hamlisch
1977 songs
Atlantic Records singles
Visas and Virtue is a 1997 narrative short film directed by Chris Tashima and starring Chris Tashima , Susan Fukuda , Diana Georger and Lawrence Craig . It was inspired by the true story of Holocaust rescuer Chiune `` Sempo '' Sugihara , who is known as `` The Japanese Schindler '' . Sugihara issued over 2,000 transit visas to Polish and Lithuanian Jews from their consulate in Kaunas , Lithuania , in August 1940 , in defiance of their own government ( Japan ) , thereby allowing an estimated 6,000 individuals to escape the impending Holocaust .
Background
This film is a dramatization ( docu-drama ) and contains fictional characters and events . It is not a documentary . It is based on an original one-act play by Tim Toyama , which was performed at The Road Theatre Company in Los Angeles in 1995 . The play was then adapted by actor/director Chris Tashima in 1996 , and completed as a 26-minute film in 1997 . The film was produced by Cedar Grove Productions with Visual Communications serving as non-profit sponsor .
Visas and Virtue won the Oscar for Best Live Action Short Film in March , 1998 ( 70th Academy Awards ) . The Oscar statuettes went to actor and director Tashima and producer Chris Donahue .
Synopsis
Haunted by the sight of hundreds of Jewish refugees outside the consulate gates , a Japanese diplomat and their wife , stationed in Kaunas , Lithuania , at the beginning of World War II , must decide how much they are willing to risk . Inspired by a true story , Visas and Virtue explores the moral and professional dilemmas that Consul General Chiune `` Sempo '' Sugihara faces in making a life or death decision : defy their own government 's direct orders and risk their career , by issuing life-saving transit visas , or obey orders and turn their back on humanity .
Cast
Chris Tashima as Chiune `` Sempo '' Sugihara
Susan Fukuda as Yukiko Sugihara
Diana Georger as Helena Rosen
Lawrence Craig as Nathan Rosen
Shizuko Hoshi as Narrator
( In order of appearance )
Japan , 1985
Mitsushi Yamaguchi as Elderly Sempo
Kyoko Motoyama as Elderly Yuki
Lithuania , 1940
Colm Wood as Student # 1
Eric Gugisch as German Officer
Alan H. Friedenthal as Refugee # 1
Patricia Penn as Refugee # 2
Richard Nakaoka , Weston Yanagihara as Sugihara Children
Linda Igarashi as Setsuko
Jimmy Paola as Student # 2
Kimberly Mungovan as Sugihara BabyRefugees at Interviews Martin Fontana as Man
Noel Miller as Young Man
David Russ as Elderly Man
Maria Stanton as Wife
Jude Gerard Prest as Husband
Shauna Bloom as Woman
Gibson Frazier as Cantor
Jon Cellini , Jonathan Klein as Brothers
Pamela Tretter as Mother
Jack Newalu as Man at Train StationSpecial Appearance ''
Hanni Vogelweid as Elderly Woman at Interview
Awards
( partial list )
Academy Award for Live Action Short Film – 70th Academy Awards
1st Place : Fiction Prize – USA Film Festival/Dallas
`` Francisco Garcia de Paso '' Award – Huesca International Short Film Contest
Crystal Heart Award – Heartland Film Festival
CINE Golden Eagle
Special Jury Prize – Competition for Films and Videos on Japan
`` Adriano Morais '' Award – Algarve International Film Festival
Golden Shoestring Award – Rochester International Film Festival
Best Short Film – Sonoma Valley Film Festival
References
External links
Visas and Virtue now available on Vimeo
1997 films
1990s biographical films
1997 short films
Japanese-American films
American biographical films
American films based on plays
Films set in the 1940s
Holocaust films
Jewish Japanese history
Jewish Lithuanian history
Live Action Short Film Academy Award winners
American World War II films
Sugihara 's Jews
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
WMRP-LP ( 104.7 FM ) is a Christian country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Mundy Township , Michigan , serving the Mundy Township/Grand Blanc area . WMRP-LP is owned and operated by SWC Concerts , Inc .
History
WMRP-LP went on the air in March 2008 , but its call sign dates back to 1946 , when the now WWCK , used it as part of its MOR format and as a broadcast `` arm '' of the United Methodist Church , from which the station gets its call sign meaning .
In 1964 , WMRP would spawn an FM station , known as WMRP-FM , which today is WWCK-FM .
Neither of the two stations has any other relation to today 's WMRP-LP 104.7 than this .
In January 2011 , WMRP-LP 104.7 changed from adult contemporary Christian music as `` Ark 104.7 '' to a Christian country format . It is one of three such radio stations in Michigan as of May 2015 .
External links
MRP-LP
MRP-LP
Radio stations established in 2008
2008 establishments in Michigan
MRP-LP
The 2016–17 Wellington Phoenix FC season was the club 's tenth season since its establishment in 2007 . The club participated in the A-League for the tenth time , the FFA Cup for the third time , and fielded a reserves squad in the Stirling Sports Premiership for the third time .
Players
Squad information
From youth squad
Transfers in
Transfers out
Contracts extensions
Technical staff
Statistics
Squad statistics
|-
|colspan= '' 24 '' |Players no longer at the club :
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall
A-League
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
FFA Cup
Stirling Sports Premiership
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
References
External links
Official Website
Wellington Phoenix
Wellington Phoenix FC seasons
So Kam Tong ( born 8 June 1937 ) is a Hong Kong racewalker . They competed in the men 's 50 kilometres walk at the 1964 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Hong Kong male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Hong Kong
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The Starkville-Oktibbeha Consolidated School District ( SOCSD ) , formerly Starkville Public School District , is a public school district in Oktibbeha County , Mississippi , headquartered in Starkville . The district serves all children within the county , including Starkville , residents of Mississippi State University , and the other communities and rural areas countywide due to the state legislature mandated consolidation with the Oktibbeha County School District in 2015 .
History
When federal mandates forced schools to integrate , Oktibbeha County realigned the school districts so that the Starkville School District ( SSD ) occupied the affluent neighborhoods surrounding Starkville , which was the center of Oktibbeha County , and included the majority of the tax base . The remaining fringes of the county were relegated to the Oktibbeha County School District ( OCSD ) , which was poor , underfunded , failing , and over 90 % black . Over the next few decades , the SSD became racially mixed , while the OCSD stumbled badly and was taken over by state conservators on two occasions , most recently in 2013 . Many in Starkville and at Mississippi State found the county system a source of shame . In 1970 , when the schools were integrated , more than half of the black teachers were let go . In addition , the old Rosenwald school was burned to the ground .
In 1970 , immediately after the schools were integrated , the student population declined by 866 students from the previous year , for a total enrollment of 3,410 , of which 1,762 were listed as negro and 1,649 as white .
In the 70s and 80s , various lawsuits including Montgomery v Starkville Municipal Separate School District alleged that the district dismissed or demoted black teachers because of their race , failed to compensate black teachers the same as white teachers , placed children in gifted or remedial programs based on race , and maintained segregation at the classroom level .
Various commissions and consultants in the 1990s and another in 2010 recommended the districts be merged to provide for a better and less segregated education . After repeated failures and charges of mismanagement , the state legislature attempted to get the schools to consolidate , first in the 1990s , and again in 2013 but with no avail . After the legislature passed a bill in 2014 forcing the SSD to consolidate with OCSD , the county was out of options . The OCSD district was dissolved under Mississippi law on July 1 , 2015 . The new consolidated SOCSD took the combined area of SSD and OCSD . The two elementary schools , East Oktibbeha and West Oktibbeha were to remain open while the high schools , East High and West High , consolidated into Starkville High School .
There was apprehension that the merger would cause white flight of students to local private schools including Starkville Academy , but the opposite occurred as many rural whites removed their children from private schools and enrolled in the new district schools , now 67 % black . The merger marks the first time in the Mississippi consolidation movement that a failing district has been merged with a successful one , and that two districts of such extremely different racial makeup have been merged .
As a result of the merger , East Oktibbeha elementary school was closed because it would have been over 90 % black and would not reflect the racial makeup of the district .
Service area
The consolidated school district serves all of the county . The previous Starkville School District served Starkville , the Mississippi State University census-designated place , Longview , and some other unincorporated areas .
Schools
Schools are in Starkville unless otherwise stated .
Secondary schools :
Starkville High School
Armstrong Junior High School
Partnership Middle School , scheduled to open in 2020 at Mississippi State University serving all county students in grades 6 and 7 .
Elementary schools :
Henderson Intermediate School
Overstreet Elementary School
Sudduth Elementary School
1993-1994 National Blue Ribbon School
Ward-Stewart Elementary School
West Oktibbeha Elementary School ( Sturgis )
Preschool :
Emerson Preschool
Alternative programs :
East School ( Starkville )
Demographics
2012-13 school year
There were a total of 4,310 students enrolled in the Starkville School District during the 2012–2013 school year . The gender makeup of the district was 49 % female and 51 % male . The racial makeup of the district was 64 % African American , 31 % White , 1 % Hispanic , 3 % Asian , and 0.3 % other . 62 % of the district 's students were eligible to receive free lunch .
Previous school years
Accountability statistics
See also
List of school districts in Mississippi
References
External links
2010 school district map for Oktibbeha County - U.S. Census Bureau - Reflects the situation before the merger
Education in Oktibbeha County , Mississippi
School districts in Mississippi
Starkville , Mississippi
School districts established in 2015
Beedeina is an extinct genus of fusulinid belonging to the family Fusulinidae . These have been found in rock strata from the Moscovian Stage .
References
Paleozoic life
Fusulinida
Clinopodium macrostemum , the nurite , hediondilla , or toche , is a plant of the family Lamiaceae .
Description
It is a bushy plant whose height can vary between 1 and 3 meters with erect stems and arching branches . The leaves have petioles of 2 to 5 millimeters , while their blade lengths vary from 1 to 4 centimeters long and 6 to 15 millimeters wide . It has bell-shaped flowers 2 to 3.5 centimeters long that have shades between orange and reddish .
Distribution and habitat
It is usually found in temperate pine-oak or oyamel forests at altitudes between 2,400 and 3,200 meters above sea level . It is continuously distributed in the states of Jalisco , Michoacán , State of Mexico , Morelos , Guerrero , Puebla , Oaxaca and southern Hidalgo , with isolated specimens found in Sinaloa and Durango .
Uses
Nurite leaf essential oil contains 32 main compounds : Linalool ( 55.4 % ) , nerol ( 6.4 % ) , caryophyllene ( 6.25 % ) , menthone ( 5.8 % ) , geranyl acetate ( 4.1 % ) , terpineol ( 3.7 % ) and pulegone ( 2.8 % ) . Other compounds identified in the plant are limonene , camphor , thymol , p-cymene , α-terpineol , oleanolic acid , ursolic acid and 3-hydroxy-ursenoic acid , which is why relaxing , antioxidant , antimicrobial properties are usually attributed to this plant . ( because it has the capacity to inhibit up to 80 % bacteria such as Escherichia coli , Staphylococcus aureus , Pseudomonas aeruginosa , and Klebsiella pneumoniae ) and even larvicides against mosquito pups .
The essential oil has also shown antioxidant properties possibly attributed to the high amounts of thymol . The efficacy of methanol extracts of C. macrostem has also been shown in laboratory rats to reduce damage to liver tissue caused by the ingestion of paracetamol and damage caused by carbon tetrachloride .
In traditional medicine , nurite is used by the Purépecha people in Michoacán for the treatment of stomach upsets and properties are even attributed to it for the treatment of infertility , while in Oaxaca it is used to treat hangovers caused by excessive consumption . of alcoholic beverages , it is also used as a fever reducer , for the treatment of stomach ailments and in labor for young people under 30 years of age . It is also used as a daily food , either in infusion , fresh water , as a condiment or simply eaten with a tortilla .
References
Flora of Mexico
macrostomum
Jose Daniel Gemy ( born 11 September 1992 ) is a Bolivian chess International Master since 2012 , and a FIDE Master since 2010 . They are ranked second in Bolivia .
They won the Pan American Junior Chess Championship in 2012 , and the Bolivian Chess Championship in 2012 , 2013 , 2015-2017 , and 2020 .
In the 3rd Marcel Duchamp Cup , they reached 6th to 15th place ( out of 131 players ) with a score of 6.5/9 .
References
Living people
1992 births
Bolivian chess players
Chess International Masters
Astragalus canadensis is a common and widespread member of the milkvetch genus in the legume family , known commonly as Canadian milkvetch . The plant is found throughout Canada and the United States in many habitats including wetlands , woodlands , and prairies . It sends out several thin , erect , green stems , bearing leaves that are actually made up of pairs of leaflets , each leaflet up to 3 centimeters in length . It has inflorescences of tubular , greenish-white flowers which yield beanlike fruits within pods that rattle when dry .
Like other Astragalus species , A. canadensis is somewhat toxic , but it has been used medicinally by Native American groups such as the Blackfoot and Lakota people , particularly the roots .
Gallery of photos
External links
USDA Plants Profile
Photo Gallery
Native Plants of Texas
Ethnobotany
canadensis
Flora of Alabama
Flora of Canada
Plants used in traditional Native American medicine
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The Northland Steamship Company was a small steamship line that sailed between ports on Puget Sound and Alaska .
In 1914 , Northland Steamship was sailing two passenger ships totaling from the Puget Sound Terminal in Seattle on the Southeast Alaskan Route , regularly visiting the ports of Ketchikan , Wrangell , Petersburg , Douglas , Juneau , Haines , Skagway and Seward in Alaska .
References
Companies based in Seattle
Shipping companies of the United States
Swellengrebel is a Dutch surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Hendrik Swellengrebel ( 1700–1760 ) , Dutch colonial governor
Nicolaas Swellengrebel ( 1885–1970 ) , Dutch epidemiologist , parasitologist , and pathologist
Dutch-language surnames
Patrick Murray `` Pat '' Smythe ( 24 March 1860 – 19 March 1935 ) was an Anglican priest in the second quarter of the 20th century . They were born into a clerical family on 24 March 1860 and educated at Charterhouse and Keble College , Oxford .
Ordained in 1883 , they were initially a curate at St Mark 's , Swindon and then held incumbencies at Rockingham , Westbury and Kettering before being appointed Provost of St Ninian 's Cathedral , Perth in 1911 , a post they held for 24 years .
A great angler , they died on 19 March 1935 , five days before their 75th birthday .
References
1860 births
1935 deaths
People educated at Charterhouse School
Alumni of Keble College , Oxford
Provosts of St Ninian 's Cathedral , Perth
Normal is an unincorporated community in Grant County , Indiana , in the United States .
History
The first post office opened at Normal , in 1852 , was called Slash . The post office was renamed Normal in 1880 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1902 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Grant County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
SUN Group is an Indian media conglomerate , based in Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India . It was founded by Kalanithi Maran in 1992 . Sun Group besides television media has 48 FM Radio Stations , two Daily Newspapers , five Magazines , a DTH satellite service & an IPL franchise .
Divisions
Television
In 1990 , Kalanithi Maran started a monthly video ( VHS ) news magazine in Tamil called Poomaalai . Sun TV is the first and flagship channel of the group started on 14 April 1993 . Sun TV was listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange on 24 April 2006 upon raising $ 133 million . Sun Group owns Sun TV Network 's 33 TV Channels across four South Indian languages Tamil , Telugu , Kannada , Malayalam , and the company 's first step of TV Channel segments in North India is Bengali language and in the Marathi language the company launched TV Channel on October 17 , 2021 , the Group 's second step of TV channel segment in North India .
DTH and Cable Provider
Sun Direct is a DTH service provider established in December 2007 . Sun Direct is the fourth largest DTH service provider in India as of March 2015 . Sumangali Cable Vision ( SCV ) is a cable distribution company owned by Sun Group . From its launch Sun Direct DTH continue to be the Market Leader of South India .
Radio
The group owns 70 FM radio stations across India broadcasting under the names Red FM , Suryan FM , Magic FM 106.4 .
Newspapers and magazines
SUN Group owns two daily newspapers and five magazines in Tamil . Dinakaran was founded in 1977 by K. P. Kandasamy and was acquired from K. P. K. Kumaran by Sun Network in 2005 . It is the second largest circulated Tamil daily in India after Dina Thanthi , back in 2010 . Tamil Murasu is an evening newspaper . The group owns magazines Kungumam , Kumguma Chimizh , Kungumam Thozhi , Aanmigam , Mutharam and Vannathirai .
Film production
Sun Pictures is a film production and distribution company established in 2000 . It produced the TV film Siragugal and Rajnikanth starrer Endhiran . It has distributed more than 20 Tamil films starting from Kadhalil Vizhunthen .
OTT Platform
Sun NXT is a global online audio/video streaming platform owned and operated by Sun Group 's , Sun TV Network established in June 2017 . It has more than 4000 movie titles including movies like Vijay 's Sarkar Ajith Kumar 's Mankatha , and Rajinikanth 's Petta . Sun TV Network is planning to invest more in its OTT Platform , Sun NXT , by making original web series and original OTT movies from mid-2022 .
Television Production Company
Sun Entertainment is Television production Company , which produces small budget movies for Sun TV Direct TV Premier , after movie released in TV it will be available only on Sun NXT OTT App , also co-producing all upcoming webseries in Sun NXT OTT Platform which are coming soon in mid 2022 and also co-producing the serials which are showing in their TV Channels .
Sports
Sunrisers Hyderabad is a cricket franchise based in the city of Hyderabad that plays in the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) . The team was bought by Kalanithi Maran in October 2012 . Brian Lara is the head coach and Kane Williamson is the captain of the team .
Aviation
SUN Group acquired 37.7 % stake in Indian low-cost carrier Spicejet in June 2010 . In 2012 , Despite the losses , Kalanithi Maran increased their stake in Spicejet by investing in the airline . In January 2015 , the Sun group sold its entire shareholding back to the airline 's founder Ajay Singh and transferred control .
References
External links
Official website
01
Conglomerate companies of India
Entertainment companies of India
Publishing companies of India
1992 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Mass media companies established in 1992
Indian companies established in 1992
Ene or ENE may refer to :
Ene
Ene ( name ) , a given name and surname
Ene , a type of hydrocarbon involved in the Ene reaction and the Thiol-ene reaction
-ene , a suffix used in the names of certain organic compounds ( alkenes )
Ene , Spanish abbreviation for January
Eñe , the Spanish name of the letter ñ
Ene River , in Peru
ENE
East-northeast , a compass point and an intercardinal direction
Ee Nagaraniki Emaindhi , often abbreviated as ENE , 2018 Indian Telugu-language film
ENE , the IATA airport code for Ende Airport , serving Flores , Indonesia
ENE , NYSE ticker symbol for Enron , a defunct American energy company
Early neutral evaluation , a form of alternative dispute resolution aimed at reaching an early settlement
End-point network element , a type of network element found in computer and telecommunications networks
ENE , Emergent , Networked , Event-driven ( ENE ) process . Sometimes END
Sheikh Mohammed Irfan alias Shaukat Pardesi ( Urdu : شوکت پردیسی , April 1924 – October 1995 ) was a poet , journalist and lyricist born in Malaysia , where their father Sheikh Sahib Ali had migrated from Maroofpur village in Jaunpur district of India . During the 1950 's Pardesi was associated with Urdu Daily Inquilab for some-time and also acted as the editor of Film Times Weekly magazine . They published and edited an acclaimed monthly Urdu magazine titled Munna for children . The writings of eminent writers like Niaz Fatehpuri , Ale Ahmad Suroor , Faiz Ahmed Faiz , etc . had supported Munna magazine during that time . Their ghazals and nazms were published in almost all known Urdu journals and were recorded by HMV in the melodious voices of various famous singers of their time viz . Talat Mahmood , Manna Dey , C. H. Atma , Anup Jalota , Dilraj Kaur , Shailendra Singh , Shyam Lala , Mukesh and others .
Early life
Pardesi was born in 1924 in Malaysia where they spent their childhood in material comfort and attained their primary education . In 1936 , they came to India with their parents . Later on , due to World War II , travel between India and Malaysia discontinued . Consequently , Pardesi and their parents could not return to Malaysia . Their father enrolled them in Darul Uloom Nadwatul Ulama , Lucknow for the continuation of their studies but subsequently they were shifted to Mission School ( now Raja Shri Krishna Dutt Inter College ) in Jaunpur from where they completed their middle school education . Although Pardesi 's father Sheikh Sahib Ali built their new home in Jaunpur and settled there permanently but they did not succeed in arranging any regular source of income for the family . Reserved money started depleting and financial hardships became the new reality of life for the family . In January 1943 , Shaukat Pardesi married Husnaara Begum . From 1944 , their elders started leaving this mortal world . First of all mother , followed by their father and lastly the elder sister died in a span of three to four years . The changed circumstances of life without any concrete source of income along with the responsibility of an unmarried sister , two orphaned nieces , a wife and a son were too harsh for a 23/24-year young man who had lived their childhood and adolescence in luxuries . They tried many things for living that included even homeopathic practice too as a medic but did not succeed in any . Consequently , the necessities of life prevailed over self-respect and eventually they landed up at their father-in-law Hafiz Akhtar Ali 's place , who was a well- known farmer of village Jamdahan in Jaunpur district . Hafiz Akhtar was also a Mukhtar in Jaunpur court . They had only two daughters . The elder daughter was reasonably well settled with their lawyer husband . Thus , Hafiz Akhtar Ali 's own circumstances were such that warranted a supporting hand to look after their farming and wealth . The mutual needs of both made their match perfect but for some reason it did not lost long . As a result , in 1950 , Pardesi left Jamdahan and went to Mumbai .
In Mumbai , they stayed for almost 8 years and by the time they grounded their feet in this city of hopes , they had a serious attack of heart palpitation ( Ikhtelaj-e-Qalb ) that made them virtually bed ridden and consequently they were left with no option but constrainedly to come back to their father-in-law 's house in Jamdahan .
After 1958 , Pardesi spent rest of their life in Jamdahan in the companionship of their wife and heart palpitation . They died in October 1995 in Jaunpur out of Cancer .
Literary Journey
Pardesi was quite a visible Urdu poet through Urdu magazines and periodicals , especially during late forties to seventies of last century . They wrote their first ghazal in late thirties/early forties of last century . In the beginning they wrote by their original name Mohammed Irfan . Subsequently , they changed their pen name to Shaukat Jaunpuri and when they reached Mumbai they again changed their pen name to Shaukat Pardesi . This new pen name became their final identity in the world of Urdu literature . Pardesi 's pen touched almost all categories of Urdu poetry ranging from nazm and geet to ghazal , Qata and rubaaee . Their poems were printed in the Urdu journals Shaaer Mumbai , Nerang-e-kheyal Lahore , Shamaa Delhi , Beesween Sadi Delhi , Bano Delhi , Khilauna Delhi , Gagan Mumbai , Naya Daur Lucknow , Pyam-e-Taleem Delhi , Tahreek Delhi , Aajkal Delhi , Jamalistaan Delhi , Shiraaz Karachi , Mashraqi Aanchal Delhi , Saaghar Lahore , Saboohi Lahore , Tabassum Hyderabad , Kahkashaan Mumbai , Shoa-ein Lahore , Mashhoor Delhi , Ittehaad Mumbai , Nikhat Allahabad , and many more .
Books
Pardesi could not publish any of their collection during their lifetime due to their personal circumstances . However , later on their son , Nadeem Ahmad tried to collect as many of their writings as they could and published them under the following four titles :
Tohfa-e-Itfal : Published in 2011 and contains Pardesi 's poems which they wrote for children
Mizrab-e-Sukhan : Published in 2012 and comprises Pardesi 's nazms and geets
Saaz-e-Naghmabaar : Published in 2015 and contains Pardesi 's ghazals , qataats and rubaaees
Mazameen-e-Shaukat : Published in 2015 and consists of articles reflecting some aspects their personal life as well as literary relationships
Journalism
Sheikh Mohammed Irfan alias Shaukat Pardesi was a poet , lyricist and journalist . They were born in Malaysia where their father Sheikh Sahib Ali had migrated from Maroofpur village in Jaunpur district of India . In 1936 , their father returned to India with their family and settled in Jaunpur . During the 1950 's , Pardesi was associated with Urdu Daily Inquilab for some-time . and also acted as Editor of Film Times Weekly for few years . They published and edited an acclaimed monthly Urdu magazine Munna for children . Eminent writers of that time like Niaz Fatehpuri , Ale Ahmad Suroor , Faiz Ahmed Faiz , Ehtesham Hussain , etc . had supported Munna with their writings .
Filmography
Pardesi 's association with film industry was limited and relatively unnoticed . They wrote songs for three films namely Khubsoorat , Ghulam Begam Badshah , and Shaheed-e-Aazam Bhagat Singh that were sung by Mohammed Rafi , and Asha Bhosale . In addition , they wrote dialogues for Ghulam Begam Badshah and Jhansi Ki Rani .
Non-film Songs
A number of Pardesi 's ghazals and nazms were recorded by HMV in the voices of some of the famous singers of their time like Talat Mahmood , Manna Dey , C. H. Atma , Anup Jalota , Dilraj Kaur , Shailendra Singh , Shyam Lala and Mukesh . In particular , their ghazal `` Hairan hoon aei sanam ki tujhe aur kya kahoon '' in the voice of Manna Dey became especially popular .
Awards and recognition
Uttar Pradesh Urdu Akademi Award ( 2014 ) to Tohfa-e-Atfal
Uttar Pradesh Urdu Akademi Award ( 2016 ) to Saaz-e-Naghmabaar
Research work on Suakat Pardesi by Habib Saifi in the form of Book titled as Shaukat Pardesi Fikr-O-Fan Ke Aiyene Mein published in 2017 .
References
External links
Ghulam Begum Badshah 1956 , Lyricist Shaukat Pardesi
Lyricist Shaukat Pardesi
Shaukat Pardesi non film lyrics
1924 births
1995 deaths
Urdu-language poets from India
Indian lyricists
Journalists from Uttar Pradesh
Poets from Uttar Pradesh
Koléa ( ) is a city in Tipaza Province , northern Algeria , located approximately southwest of Algiers . Its population in 2010 was 46,685 .
History
Kolea was founded in 1550 by Hayreddin Barbarossa . In 1838 , Lamoricère moved there with their regiment of Zouaves and built four forts : at Fouka , Tombourouf , Ben Azzouz , and Mokta-Khera .
References
External links
Tageo.com entry
Communes of Tipaza Province
Renato Buso ( born 19 December 1969 ) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player who was deployed as a forward or as a midfielder .
Club career
Born in Treviso , Buso initially began their career playing as a striker or as a centre-forward with Juventus in Serie A in 1985 , at the age of 16 , immediately winning the 1985–86 Serie A title and the 1985 Intercontinental Cup , although they were mainly a reserve player at the club , behind forwards Aldo Serena , Ian Rush , and Alessandro Altobelli . They later moved to Fiorentina in 1989 , where they were deployed alongside Roberto Baggio and Oscar Dertycia as a winger , or as a supporting striker . During their time at the club , they played and scored in the 1990 UEFA Cup Final against their former team , although Fiorentina would lose the tournament . They subsequently moved to Sampdoria in 1991 , where they won the 1991 Supercoppa Italiana . They began to be deployed as a midfielder as their career progressed , and they later also played for Napoli ( 1993–1996 ) , Lazio ( 1996–97 ) , Piacenza ( 1997–2000 ) , Cagliari ( 2000–01 ) , ending their career with La Spezia in Serie C1 ( 2001–04 ) .
International career
Buso has also represented Italy at youth level at the 1992 Summer Olympics , and at the 1992 UEFA European Under-21 Championship under Cesare Maldini , where they helped Italy to win the tournament , finishing as the top goalscorer , with 3 goals over the semi-final against Denmark , and the final against Sweden . In total , they made 5 appearances for Italy 's Olympic Squad , and 25 appearances for the Under-21 side , scoring 9 goals .
Coaching career
On 17 November 2011 , they became the new coach of Gavorrano in place of the sacked Guido Pagliuca . They were dismissed in April 2013 , with Gavorrano in deep relegation zone under risk of leaving professional football , and replaced by Corrado Orrico .
Honours
Club
Juventus
Serie A : 1985–86
Sampdoria
Supercoppa Italiana : 1991
International
Italy U-21
UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship : 1992
Individual
UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship Top-scorer : 1992
UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship Golden Player : 1992
References
External links
Renato Buso at Footballdatabase
1969 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Sportspeople from Treviso
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Italy under-21 international footballers
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Juventus F.C . players
ACF Fiorentina players
U.C . Sampdoria players
S.S.C . Napoli players
S.S. Lazio players
Piacenza Calcio 1919 players
Cagliari Calcio players
Spezia Calcio players
Olympic footballers of Italy
Italian football managers
Calcio Montebelluna players
Footballers from Veneto
Alumnae Hall was the second building to be built on The Western Female Seminary 's campus , and was completed in 1892 . The building was constructed from funds donated by Olivia Meily Brice ( Mrs. Calvin S. Brice ) , class of 1866 , and other alumnae , trustees , and friends of the college . The architecture style of the building was Romanesque Revival . The building remained in use as a library until 1970 when Hoyt Hall opened . Between 1972-1974 it was used as a student center . It was torn down in 1977 .
History
The building originally housed a library , classrooms , laboratories , and offices for the departments of English , classics , history , political and social sciences , philosophy , religion , and art . On the second floor Alumnae Hall there was an art gallery that would contain either the college 's collections , or a traveling art exhibition .
The library once held 49,000 volumes , and the public was invited to use and visit the library . They worked under an open-shelf system , which means that most of the library 's collection is open and freely accessible . The books were housed in fire-resistant rooms .
Sometime after 1871 ( the year Peabody Hall was built ) there was a report submitted looking for financial assistance for various buildings on Western College 's campus . The report stated that Alumnae Hall no longer has sufficient laboratory equipment , or the space for new equipment . There was also a call for an increase in the library volumes , and construction of new reading and book reserve rooms . Because at the time an addition was being considered for Peabody Hall , it was proposed to move both the laboratory and library facilities from Alumnae to Peabody with Peabody 's next extension .
Alumnae Hall housed the Western library collection up until 1970 - the year Hoyt Hall was built . After that the library was relocated to Hoyt Hall . On April 7 , 1972 , Alumnae Hall reopened with the library quarters repurposed as a student community center . There were regular performances from students , and various games would be played within the hall .
The building 's purpose was called into question in 1974 when Miami University turned it over to the Miami graduate students in art . There had been a controversy over what to do with the building because it had only housed the Rathskeller ( also known as a Ratskeller ) , a snack bar in the basement of the building .
Within the next year that Alumnae Hall was scheduled to be razed in June 1975 . However , Professor Richard McCommons gave a presentation to President Phillip Shriver , and was able to get a temporary reprieve on the building so they could conduct a study to investigate the architecture and determine if it was worth saving based on structural and economical liabilities . Ultimately after this last postponement , Miami 's Board of Trustees instructed the administration to arrange for Alumnae Hall 's demolition .
Alumnae Hall was torn down in 1977 .
Alumnae Hall Memorial
Since the demolition of Alumnae Hall , there is now a memorial stone – the building 's corner stone - in its place . The stone contains the building 's erection date , its dedication plaque , an overhead building plan , and an image of the front of the building .
Every year the outline of the building is dug up by alumnae and current students , and they plant flowers so in the spring they will bloom in the shape of the former hall .
Olivia Meily Brice ( Mrs. Calvin S. Brice )
Olivia Meily Brice was an alumna of the Western College for Women , class of 1866 . They became the first female trustee of the Western Female Seminary , and served as the President of the Alumnae Association . During their time as a trustee , they donated first $ 5,000 toward a fund of $ 50,000 being raised for a new library and laboratory building , which became Alumnae Hall . They also presented the gift of a memorial window ( called either the Brice Window or the Tillinghast Window ) from their class of 1866 .
On Alumnae Hall 's dedication plaque they are the only one mentioned by name , with “ other assorted alumnae ” written beneath .
The Brice Window ( Tillinghast Window )
Alumnae Hall housed a stained-glass art piece , The Tillinghas Window ( or The Brice Window ) that was a gift from the class of 1866 . Artist Mary Elizabeth Tillinghast created the window . Its original design was for Alumnae Hall , and placed in the north end of the library .
The window 's central figure is a young woman standing beside an altar with a lightened and uplifted torch in their hand . They were meant to symbolize the new type of inspired and independent womanhood as well as to illustrate the motto of the class of 1866 suggesting that success is achieved at the prices of hard work , “ Per Aspera , Ad Astra. ” The motto was inscribed at the bottom of the window along with “ The Eleven…1866 ” – standing for the eleven members of the Seminary 's eleventh class . The main figure 's face is modeled after Oliva Meily Brice 's daughter – Miss Helen Brice . Above the figure of the girl are two medallions , set in branches . In each medallion there is a young girl 's head – portraits of Miss Carpenter , and Miss Porters . Both were daughters of the graduates of the 1866 class . Beneath one medallion “ Clio ” is written , and beneath the other there is “ Urania . ”
The Brice Window was Mary Tillinghast 's most important commission . The window was displayed at the Chicago 's Columbian Exposition in 1893 . They sent workmen from New York to remove the window from its place in Alumnae Hall and to crate and ship it to Chicago , where it was displayed and awarded a gold medal for “ beauty of its design , inspiration of theme , and exaltation of womanhood . ”
After the Exposition , the window was returned to Alumnae Hall , where it stayed until 1933 when it was once again taken to Chicago , this time for the World 's Fair . On its return , it was damaged in transit , and stored in the basement of Kumler Chapel until 1974 , when the crates were moved to Patterson Place . The window was restored in 1980 and installed in the chapel alcove of Kumler Chapel .
Heath Chime of Eleven Bells
On the west side of Alumnae Hall , a tower was built that contained the Heath Chime of eleven bells - the weight of the bells ranging from 130 to 2,000 pounds . The bells were a gift from Mrs. Fletcher S. Heath , of Oxford , in 1925 . Mrs. Heath was a Western Trustee from 1925 to 1926 . The bells would play daily before morning chapel , and at different times during the year before special events . The bells were housed in the Alumnae Tower until Alumnae Hall 's razing in 1977 .
When Alumnae Hall was scheduled to be torn down , there was a Chime Committee appointed , and they met with the board of trustees to investigate the possibility of building an open-faced tower to house the Heath Chime . On October 21 , 1977 , it was voted to proceed with the construction of a steel tower on Western Campus .
This new tower is now known as the Molyneaux-Western Bell Tower , and it is situated on Peabody Green , opposite Peabody Hall . The tower was built in 1978 with a $ 25,000 grant from the Molyneaux Corporation , along with gifts from Western alumnus . The tower was dedicated on June 18 , 1978 . The dedication was presided over by Dr. Walter E. Havighurst , along with the then Miami President Dr. Phillip R. Shriver .
The tower is named after Dr. John Molyneaux . They attended Miami from 1893–95 . They were a member of the Western College Board of Trustees from 1914 until their death in 1953 , and briefly served as Western 's acting president in 1941 .
The tower is 53 feet tall , and houses the 11-bell Heath Chime , as well as three additional bells that were added in 1978 and cast in the Netherlands by the I.T . Verdin Company of Cincinnati – the company that designed the Molyneaux-Western Bell Tower .
Each bell of the Molyneaux-Western Bell Tower has a different inscription :
First Bell : `` This chime of eleven bells is given to The Western College for Women by Elizabeth McCullough Heath , a member of the Class of 1884 , and is dedicated to the glory of God through the development of Christian women . ''
Second Bell : `` Let knowledge grow from more to more , but more of reverence is us dwell ; that mind and soul , according to well , may make one music as before . ''
Third Bell : `` Ring out the false , ring in the true . ''
Fourth Bell : `` Ring out the feud of rich and poor , ring in redress to all humankind . ''
Fifth Bell : `` Ring in the nobler modes of life , with sweeter manners , purer laws . ''
Sixth Bell : `` Ring out the old , ring in the new . ''
Seventh Bell : `` Ring in the love of truth and right , ring in the common love of God . ''
Eighth Bell : `` Ring out the thousand wars of old , ring in the thousand years of peace . ''
Ninth Bell : `` Ring in the valiant man and free , the larger heart , the kindlier hand . ''
Tenth Bell : `` Ring out the darkness of the land , ring in the Christ that is to be . ''
Eleventh Bell : `` One God , one law , one element , and one far-off divine event , to which the whole Creation moves . ''
Twelfth Bell : `` Ring out the winds of remembering . ''
Thirteenth Bell : `` Bells of the past , whose long forgotten music still finds the wide expanse . ''
Fourteenth Bell : `` Bells that sing heaven 's praise with such an earthly tongue . ''
References
External links
Western College Memorial Archives
Buildings and structures of Miami University
Libraries established in 1892
Libraries in Ohio
Romanesque Revival architecture in Ohio
Demolished buildings and structures in Ohio
Buildings and structures demolished in 1977
